




by
Shanna Hatfield






QR Code Killer
Copyright 2012
by Shanna Hatfield

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.

For permission requests, please contact the author, with a subject line of "permission request” at the email address below or through her website.

Shanna Hatfield
shanna@shannahatfield.com
shannahatfield.com

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. Although this is an ebook, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

Books by Shanna Hatfield

FICTION

QR Code Killer
Learnin’ The Ropes

Grass Valley Cowboys Series
The Cowboy’s Christmas Plan
The Cowboy’s Spring Romance
The Cowboy’s Summer Love

The Women of Tenacity Series
The Women of Tenacity - A Prelude
Heart of Clay
Country Boy vs. City Girl
Not His Type


NON-FICTION

Savvy Holiday Entertaining
Savvy Spring Entertaining
Savvy Summer Entertaining



To the wonderful women who proofread by ramblings. 
You can’t begin to know how much I appreciate your help, encouragement and support! 
You are the best!




Chapter One

"You in position, Mad Dog?"
"Affirmative."
"You ready to do this?"
"Bring it on."
Mad Dog Weber was one of Seattle's finest detectives in the narcotics division. A cop for ten years, Mad Dog was well respected, on top of the game, and seemingly fearless.
Now, sitting on the curb outside a seedy dive near the waterfront, watching the back door and waiting for the signal to move, no one would know they were looking at someone who offered firearm training to many of Seattle's newest police force members. Face smeared with dirt and clothes covered in filth, Mad Dog reeked with the stench of sweat and booze. A grimy hand held the 9mm Glock handgun under a rumpled newspaper while an ear piece remained hidden beneath stringy hair and a moth-eaten stocking cap.
"You can still back out," a deep voice badgered over the connection.
Mad Dog muffled a snort. "Right. Cause that's how things roll with me."
Devin, Mad Dog's partner of four years, laughed quietly, "Don't I know it."
"Just shut up and get ready," Mad Dog whispered, keeping both eyes hooded but alert as a drunk wandered by.
Once the drunk staggered around the corner, Mad Dog got up and pushed the rickety shopping cart filled with a homeless man's treasures closer toward the back entrance, keeping the newspaper covered hand on top of the cart.
This stake out was more than just an opportunity to nab another bad guy. Zeus was a thief, drug lord and murderer. Mad Dog wanted nothing more than to see him brought to his knees begging for mercy. Dreams of pulling the trigger and driving home the bullet that would end his miserable life had been a constant, haunting companion since Zeus had made things personal. Six months ago, he shot down Mad Dog's own mother in cold blood.
Mad Dog was ready to return the favor.
Zeus had been on their radar for almost a year, but no one seemed to be able to identify him, let alone catch him. His name traveled in the circles of drug runners, crack houses, meth labs and hit men. If it was dirty and illegal, Zeus was probably involved in it. Mad Dog nearly caught him eight months ago. Tipped off by a dealer who wanted to barter a shorter sentence, Mad Dog discovered Zeus set up an appointment to talk about a large shipment of drugs out of Seattle. The stake-out collapsed when one of Zeus’ bodyguards caught on to the scheme and Mad Dog went running after the elusive figure known as Zeus, getting close enough to smell the fear surrounding him as he fled.
With no idea what his face looked like, Mad Dog had the department's artist create a sketch featuring a tall, fit man with dark hair and skin.
Shortly after the encounter, Mad Dog received a QR Code in the mail. Arriving in a plain brown envelope, the code was printed on a piece of white cardstock. Scanning it, the code landed on a page that simply said "Back off!"
Mad Dog had all their techie experts try to find where and how the website was built, to pull an IP address, but the page was impenetrable.
Furious beyond belief, Mad Dog doubled the efforts being put into hunting down Zeus. Three weeks later, Zeus shot Elaine Weber in her car on her way home from the grocery store. Shortly after the killing, Mad Dog received another QR code that scanned into a video showing Elaine being shot along with the words, "I told you to back off. Now maybe you'll listen."
Rousing from the vicious memories, Mad Dog listened to the conversation going on between their undercover cop and one of the men who worked for Zeus.
Hearing the phrase, "right on time," Mad Dog recognized the signal to get into position.
With a tightened grip on the Glock, Mad Dog took a careful look around. Something didn't feel right. Something was off. Muscles tense, Mad Dog waited.
"You're a cop! You're wearing a wire!" buzzed through the earpiece.
Knowing there was another cop in the shadows of the alley who would watch the back door, Mad Dog took off at a dead run. Clearing the corner of the building, Devin and two other officers, Glen and Danny, were already chasing down Zeus' man. Heading toward the pier, he kept right on running. Devin was gaining on him and Mad Dog wasn’t far behind.
Devin took a shot and missed, but the runner stopped and drew a gun.
"Unless you want your pretty boy face blown to oblivion, turn around and leave."
"I don't think so," Devin said, standing a few feet away. "Drop your weapon or I'll shoot you."
"Not happening, pretty boy."
"I said, drop your weapon." Devin's voice sounded rough and harsh, a sharp contrast to his blue eyes, blond hair and guy-next-door looks.
Mad Dog stood with the other two officers, guns drawn, hoping they wouldn't have to shoot. They needed this guy alive so they could pump him for information about Zeus.
"No can do," the man said and fired. Devin took the bullet as he propelled himself into the gunman, carrying them both off the pier. Two more gun shots rang out as Mad Dog and the officers ran to the edge.
"No, Devin. No!" Mad Dog frantically tugged off the stained coat, the moth-eaten hat and ripped at the bullet proof vest covering her chest. She could hear Danny and Glen both yelling into their mics requesting back up and equipment.
This would happen on a night as dark as the soul of the man they hunted. The lights on the pier did nothing to penetrate the blackness of the lapping water below.
Knowing what she was planning to do, Danny held her back while his partner dove into the darkened waters. Struggling to free herself from his grasp, she glared at Danny. "He's my partner."
"I know he is, Maddie, but there is no way you could haul him out of the water. Glen will find him."
The pounding of footsteps and the tell-tale sound of sirens flooded around them as more of their team arrived on the scene. Soon floodlights were searching the water for both Devin and Glen. Divers in full scuba gear jumped off the pier in hopes of recovering three bodies.
Mad Dog, known to her friends and family as Maddie, stood and watched the water, willing Devin and Glen to surface. If something happened to Devin, she didn't know how she would live through it.
Although she knew better, knew it was against policy, she had fallen in love with her partner. She couldn’t even tell when the admiration and friendship she shared with Devin turned into something more, but it had. Now, the thought of never seeing him again was ripping apart what little was left of her heart.
From all she had learned about Zeus, it fit his profile to make his targets suffer. If she was on his list, he was certainly doing a good job of plunging the knife deep and twisting it.
An hour later, the scuba team dragged the limp body of Glen to the edge of the pier, but nothing was found of Zeus' man or Devin.
Putting a hand on Danny's arm, Maddie gave it a squeeze. "I'm sorry, Danny. So sorry. You should have let me go in."
"Maddie, don't. Please don't. Not now," Danny said, fighting to talk around the lump in his throat as he watched the sheet-covered body of his own partner be wheeled away. Before this awful night was through, he would drive to Glen's home and break the news to his wife.
"Do you want me to come with you?" Maddie asked, watching the divers pull in their gear.
"No. I need to do this alone," Danny said, taking a deep breath and straightening his shoulders. Glen was a good man, a good partner, a good friend. Now he was one more casualty in the war to capture Zeus.
Maddie nodded.
Giving Danny one last look filled with sorrow and regret she watched him cross the street and get in a car. Turning, she walked to the end of the pier to stand alone and let her tears drop into the brackish water.
She would bring Zeus to justice if it took the last breath in her body to do it.

<><><>

Erik Moore took a deep breath of the hay-scented air and raised his golden eyes heavenward.
Watching a fluffy white cloud float across the cerulean blue sky, he removed his John Deere ball cap, wiped the sweat from his brow, and tugged the hat back in place.
"This won't get the work done any faster, will it, Boone?" Erik addressed the question to his bird dog and faithful companion.
His answer was a happy bark as the dog rubbed against his leg.
Giving the dog an affectionate thump on the side, Erik returned to his task of moving irrigation tubes. He knew a lot of the local farmers were upgrading to new methods of irrigation, but this particular field was small and hard to get wet from one end to the other. He still used irrigation tubes, which had to be hand set one at a time. He didn't really mind though. He loved the outdoors, loved the land, and loved every speck of rich soil on his farm.
In his family for generations, he was the last of a long line of Moores to work this farm. The land had been passed from father to son since his great-great-grandfather moved to Ontario, Oregon, more than a century ago. He worked hard to break the ground, taking the land out of sagebrush, as he built a legacy that would be handed down from one generation to the next. The Moore men were doers and dreamers.
Dreaming big dreams, Erik hoped to one day pass this farm on to his son.
Smiling to himself, he couldn't believe he was finally going to be a father.
Erik and Sheila, his wife of a decade, had wanted a baby for years. Just when they decided to give up trying, Sheila became pregnant. Two weeks ago, they found out the baby was going to be a boy and Erik had a hard time keeping his thoughts on anything but the fact that they were having a son.
He and Sheila discussed names, nursery colors, and baby announcements. He knew he shouldn't be so interested in all the trappings that went along with a baby’s arrival, but he wanted to relish every detail of this pregnancy. It was nothing short of a miracle, and he didn't want to miss out on anything.
Nearly finished setting the tubes, the sound of brakes squealing followed by the eerie grinding of metal pummeling metal filled the morning air.
Jerking his head up, he could see a cloud of dust down the road. Running for his four-wheeler, he jumped on and started it up; racing for what he was sure was a wreck.
At the place where their lane made a "Y" with the main road, there had been many near-accidents over the years. He'd warned Sheila repeatedly to slow down and carefully go around the blind turn onto the road, but she tended to take it too fast and hope for the best.
A sick feeling of dread settled over him as he bounced across corrugates and sped down the lane toward the road. Sweat trickled down his back and he suddenly felt chilled to the bone.
From the rise in the road, he could see a car smashed into a feed truck. Driving faster, dust flew out behind him as he hurried to something he knew he never wanted to see, even in his worst nightmares.
Screeching to a stop, he jumped off the four-wheeler and raced to what was left of Sheila's car, protruding from beneath the side of the truck. Their neighbor and good friend, Mike Griffith, was already trying to pry the top away from the flattened body. The front of the car was smashed in. The driver’s side was beneath the truck and so compacted, there was no way Sheila could have survived.
"Erik, I'm so sorry. She came out of nowhere and slammed into the truck. I didn't see her, honest, I didn't."
"It's not your fault, Mike," Erik said, wanting to yell and scream. Instead he asked, "Did you call 9-1-1?"
"As soon as it happened," Mike said returning to his efforts of prying open a space at the back passenger side door. "I've got another crowbar in the truck. Do you want me to get it?"
Erik nodded.
Mike opened the truck door and dug around a few minutes, finally finding the crow bar.
Running back around the little bit of the car not stuck under the truck, Erik grabbed it from him and wedged it against the bar Mike had been using.
"On three," Erik said. "One, two, three!"
Grunting and straining, they both threw all their weight and strength into it but nothing budged.
“I’m going to climb under the truck and see if I can get to her,” Erik said, running around to the driver’s side of the truck and sliding underneath. The car looked even worse from this view than it did from the back.
Twisted metal, glass and shredded plastic ground into the bottom of the truck bed. What he could see of the driver’s side didn’t look promising. The top of the roof had collapsed down on the rest of the car. He prayed for a miracle. It was going to take one to get Sheila out alive.
He crawled up next to the driver’s side door and put his hand against it, willing his wife to be breathing.
“Sheila, baby, I’m here. Everything is going to be fine.” Eric sat in the dirt and talked to Sheila just like he would have if she was sitting next to him, telling her how much he loved her, how much he appreciated her, how glad he was that they had spent the last ten years together.
“I love you, baby,” he said, his voice growing raw with emotion.
The scream of ambulance sirens could now be heard in the distance, growing louder with every passing second. Erik climbed out from beneath the truck and stood next to Mike.
“I called and let them know they need to bring out the Jaws of Life. They said the truck is already on the way.”
Erik couldn’t speak, just nodded his head.
By the time the truck arrived and the firemen pried open the back of the car, Erik could see blood pooling at the side of the door into the dust where he had been sitting.
“Please hurry,” he whispered, then felt Mike’s hand rest on his shoulder and give it a squeeze. Looking over, he noticed his friend stood with his head bowed as he sent up his own set of prayers.
A few other neighbors stopped to see if they could help, but there was nothing they could do at this point other than offer Erik encouragement.
Metal screaming in protest, the roof of the car peeled back enough one of the firemen could crawl inside. He cut away the seat belt and tried to move Sheila, but she was still pinned in by the steering wheel. Working with the seat lever and pulling for all he was worth, he finally got the seat to move a few inches, giving him just enough room to tug Sheila free and drag her back to the opening. Hands gently lifted her out onto the awaiting gurney.
Erik stepped up next to her, unprepared for the grisly sight that met him. Blanching white as a sheet, he choked, tears stinging his eyes.
"Baby?" he whispered. "Please be alive."
A large gash on her forehead was bleeding profusely, the steering wheel had been pushed back into her so far, her stomach looked flattened and a ragged piece of metal protruded from her collarbone. Her face was covered in slivers of glass and there was blood everywhere.
"Oh, baby," Erik rasped, grasping her cold hand in his.
“We’ve got a weak pulse,” the EMT said. “Let’s get her loaded and on the road. We’ll need to life flight her to Boise.”
Climbing in the ambulance beside the gurney, Erik held her hand that was not being punctured with needles to hook up to life-sustaining tubes.
Mike hollered in the door, that he would have someone meet Erik at the hospital.
Erik continued to talk to Sheila, repeating what he said before, telling her again how much he loved her and needed her.
Her eyes fluttered open. Glazed with pain, Erik saw in their depths that this would be goodbye.
“Just hang on, baby, you’ll be fine.” He tried to sound reassuring, but knew he was falling short of the mark.
She blinked her eyes open and closed.
Leaning close to her, he saw her eyes open again and focus on his.
"Love you,” she whispered. "So…sorry."
“Sheila, don’t leave me. Stay with me!” Erik pleaded as she drew a final breath.
The EMT’s did everything they could to keep her alive as they pulled up at the hospital. Rushing the gurney into ER, three doctors bent over Sheila trying to bring her back, but it was no use. She was gone. So was the baby.
Erik slid down the wall, unable to stand, and sat unmoving, unseeing. Pain seared through him to the very core of his being. He felt like he was going to fly into a thousand scattered pieces that would never be able to be put back together again. Not with his heart dead and gone.



Chapter Two

Two Years Later

Mad Dog Weber was experiencing a very disturbing sense of déjà vu.
Dressed as a homeless woman behind a seedy bar on the waterfront, she adjusted the grip on her Glock and waited. Zeus was supposed to be meeting a contact about a large heroin deal and she wasn't leaving until he was either in custody or dead. At this point, she didn't really care which. Hunting him for the last two years with a ruthless intensity, some of the others in her department thought she was truly living up to her nickname. She and Danny were now partners, and she would do anything to protect him from suffering the same fate as Devin. Although this time, she kept her heart from getting involved with her partner.
Losing Devin had nearly killed her.
Some days she wished it had.
A day didn’t go by that she didn’t miss Devin’s laugh, his wit, the way his blue eyes would spark when they were alone and off duty. Although it was getting harder to picture his face, she could remember how warm his hand felt on hers, the tang of his forest-scented after shave, the way she felt in his arms.
Gone. It was all gone.
Sucking back a sigh, Maddie thought back to Devin’s death. The department had a funeral service for Devin, although his body was never recovered. Maddie's captain asked her to take some time off, but she refused, working day and night trying to catch the elusive Zeus.
Zeus toyed with her, taunted her. Randomly sending her QR codes with cryptic messages or videos, he somehow managed to stay just one step ahead of her.
The chase was starting to wear on Maddie.
Returning her focus to the present, she tried not to breathe too deeply. How the department got the clothes so filthy and rank was beyond her ability to imagine. As seasoned as she was to undercover work, just thinking about the clothes made her skin crawl. Instead she turned her thoughts to catching Zeus, playing over the scenario in her mind. If she still prayed, she would ask God to deliver him into their hands.
"All okay, Danny?" Maddie whispered as she pretended to dig through the rickety shopping cart next to her.
“Yep. You okay?” Danny asked, knowing Maddie was nearing the end of her rope. Her laser focus on catching Zeus was about to drive her beyond both physical and mental endurance. She would never admit it, but he could sense the weariness in her. Like all of them working the case, she just wanted it to end.
“Peachy,” Maddie whispered, then started to sing an off-key tune in a warbley voice.
Danny smiled in spite of the situation. No one would go near Maddie with her singing like that. They’d think she was completely deranged. The concert ended abruptly and all grew quiet.
“That was lovely,” Danny teased. “Care to give an encore?”
“No,” Maddie said. Two thugs came through the alley toward the back door of the bar. They gave her a quick once over and moved on when she started singing. She had been on this case long enough to realize at least one of them was a bodyguard for Zeus. She could see their holsters as they stood in the light spilling from the back door of the bar.  “We’ve got two coming in the back, fully loaded.”
“Copy that,” Danny said, adjusting his position at a corner table so he could watch Zeus’ men come through the back hallway. “Two more are at the bar. He’s got as many troops here tonight as we do.”
“No doubt,” Maddie said, contempt dripping through her voice. In addition to her and Danny, they had three guys out front, two in the alley behind her, and six inside the bar, including one undercover as the bartender. All wired, all tired of this cat and mouse game, all ready to take out Zeus. “He must really be planning to show up with all the muscle he’s sending in.”
Maddie relished the thought of taking the whole bunch of them down. She wanted Zeus to suffer. To feel the pain he had caused others. To spend his lifetime, and eternity, regretting every wicked thing he had ever done. Then she could rest.
“On your toes, Mad Dog. He’s here.”
No one had ever seen the elusive Zeus. All they knew was that he was tall, well-built and muscular. He had dark hair, no heart and a genius mind corrupted by evil. Maddie found herself anxious to see his face.
Sensing her thoughts, Danny tried to keep her updated. “He’s just a shade over six-feet tall. Muscular, for sure. Looks like he does weight training or maybe something like kickboxing. He’s wearing sunglasses and a fedora. Scruffy, dark beard hides his face. Dark skin, but almost looks like a designer tan. Broad cheekbones, thin straight nose. New porcelains on his teeth.”
Danny was quiet for a moment then Maddie heard him mutter, “Great. Just great.”
“What,” Maddie said, starting to get worried.
“He’s got on gloves. No fingerprints. Very smart,” Danny said in a whisper. He sank back farther into the shadows enveloping his table and watched the entourage surrounding Zeus. It looked like there were half a dozen body guards, all the size of small mountains. Strolling into the dive, Zeus appeared to look around, size up the situation, and find it agreeable before sitting down at a table. His groupies stood behind him. A small man with a wiry mustache and a nervous twitch, sat down at the table. Their snitch had better pull himself together or he was going to blow their cover.
“You got what I want, Kirk?” Zeus asked, leaning back in his chair. Speaking with an accent just beyond definition, Zeus looked over the snitch. The intensity of his gaze penetrated through the sunglasses and made the snitch squirm in his seat. Zeus ignored the drink that seemed to magically appear before him.
“Yep. I’m ready to deliver,” Kirk said. Maddie thought he sounded terrified. If he didn’t get a handle on his fear, things were not going to go well.
“Good. Let’s go over the details,” Zeus leaned forward and motioned to one of his men, who sat down with an iPad and started tapping in notes. “We’ll take possession of the delivery tomorrow evening. Where are we meeting you?”
“At my warehouse,” Kirk said. Sweat trickled down his forehead and threatened to drip in his eyes.
“At eleven, then, and no surprises,” Zeus said, stretching a gloved hand across the table and tapping Kirk on the arm. “I don’t like surprises.”
“No surprises,” Kirk repeated. Clearing his throat, he tried to tamp down his fright. “Just to clarify, Zeus, you want to pick up 5,000 grams of heroin. Right?”
Watching from his darkened corner, Danny saw Zeus stiffen slightly. Kirk needed to get Zeus to implicate himself, but things were about to spin out of control. He slowly moved his hand down to get a tighter grip on his gun, ready for whatever came next.
Zeus didn’t answer as he leaned back in his chair. He watched Kirk suspiciously, intently. Danny suddenly saw the terrifying power Zeus seemed to wield over people. His perusal was enough to make Kirk’s hands tremble.
“Isn’t that right, Zeus? Did I get the order wrong?” Kirk was starting to panic. He wanted, more than anything, to walk out of this bar alive tonight. Dealing with Zeus, there was only a fifty-fifty chance of that happening.
“You’ve got something wrong,” Zeus said, getting up from the table. Reaching over, he jerked Kirk to his feet. “You’ve got it all wrong.”
Kirk blanched white and began to visibly shake from head to toe. Danny wasn’t sure the poor guy wouldn’t throw up. Zeus ripped the sleeve from Kirk’s shirt, revealing his wire.  Bending over, Zeus put his lips close to the wire and whispered. “Mad Dog, you should know better.”
Standing back up, he pulled a gun and shot Kirk through the head before anyone had a chance to react. His army of bodyguards surrounded him as they moved in unison down the hall toward the back door.
Danny and the rest of the cops were trying to fire without hitting any innocent bystanders.
“Maddie, here they come,” Danny relayed as he followed Zeus down the hallway, dodging bullets. “Back alley, move forward.”
Shots rang out and two of the bodyguards hit the ground. Return fire took out one of the undercover cops.
Bursting out the back door, Zeus ran right into Maddie’s shopping cart, causing him to drop his gun and his sunglasses as he tried to catch himself. Half on the ground, he was momentarily caught off guard. In the few seconds it took him to gather his wits, Maddie’s Glock pressed cold steel to his throbbing temple. The bodyguards, who would have taken her out, now found themselves surrounded by some of Seattle’s finest. No one was going anywhere.
“Time to drop your guns, boys, and play nice,” Maddie instructed, holding the gun firmly to Zeus’ head. This had been too easy. She expected Zeus to put up more of a fight, to have more up his sleeve. Warning bells clanged in her head. She knew him. She knew he wouldn’t go down quietly. Something was going to go wrong. That notion brought the wretched bile of fear burning up her throat and stinging her eyes.
“Mad Dog, how lovely to meet you in person,” Zeus said, dipping his head ever so slightly her direction. When he did, the bodyguards started shooting at anything that moved and Zeus grabbed Maddie’s arm, attempting to twist the gun from her hand. Instead, she put up a fight he hadn’t expected.
“For a little slip of a girl, you are pretty strong,” he said, wrestling her for the gun.
“Size isn’t always the most important thing” Maddie said, leveling a blow to Zeus’ midsection that would have made most men fall to their knees. He didn’t seem bothered at all.
“I agree. Intelligence, charm and good looks more than make up for any inadequacies,” Zeus said, pinching her neck in an effort to make her pass out. “But then again, sometimes size is all that matters.”
Maddie twisted away from his hand and sucked in a gulp of air. She needed to keep a clear head or she’d be the next casualty on Zeus’ long list. Kicking him in the groin with as much force as she could muster, she expected him to fall to the pavement in pain. Instead, he laughed at her.
“Nice try, Mad Dog. That was not the least bit lady-like in deportment. I expected better of you. Surely you’re dear departed mother would expect you to behave in a more comely manner,” Zeus said, spinning her around and pinning her arm behind her back. He dipped his head to hers and ran his tongue around the edge of her ear. “If you can behave yourself, maybe I’ll keep you alive to play with later. What do you think of that?”
Revulsion shot through every vessel in Maddie’s body, creating a nearly overwhelming wave of nausea to roll over her. Swallowing hard, she fought to bring her emotions under control. That was the only way to keep the upper hand.
“I think you are the most disgusting, vile animal I’ve ever encountered,” Maddie said, quickly maneuvering herself loose and taking a step back. She once again held the gun pointed to his head.
Looking completely unconcerned, Zeus ignored the bullets whizzing around them as Maddie’s team fought down his men. “You wound me with your words, Maddie, dear. We could be such good friends if you’d just try a little.”
Maddie willed herself to pull the trigger, to end the life of the despicable man in front of her. But something prevented her from shooting an unarmed man point blank in the head. Why did she have to have a speck of conscience left? Why couldn’t she end his miserable life with as little compassion as he had ended her mother’s?
Zeus seemed to sense her hesitation and backhanded her hard enough that she fell to her knees. He wasted no time in yanking a knife from his boot, pulling her up and holding it to her neck. With his other hand, he grabbed her gun and held it to her side. His men were outnumbered and it was time to cut his losses. Whistling loudly, he drew the attention of the officer nearest Maddie, who issued a “hold fire” order.
“Gentleman, I will take my leave. To make sure you don’t shoot me in the back upon my exit, I’ll be taking along a little insurance.” Zeus slowly backed up the alley toward the street as he spoke, dragging Maddie along by the neck, his knife gleaming in the lamplight.
Maddie didn’t show her fear. Instead, she tried to think of the best way to take Zeus down without anyone else getting hurt. Casting a glance at Danny, she gave the tiniest shake of her head. It was her signal to him to not follow or try anything dangerous. Danny narrowed his eyes at her and glared. He wouldn’t let her go this easily. They all knew Zeus would slice her throat or shoot her as soon as he had the opportunity to escape.
So Danny and the other officers stood where they were. The three bodyguards still able to move ambled along behind Zeus, like a wretched macabre parade down the alley.
Maddie held both hands against the arm circling her neck, waiting for the right moment to break away. She couldn’t shoot Zeus and the three bodyguards by herself. One of them would get away, and she didn’t want to chance it being Zeus. Instead, she decided to see if she could put a dent in his aplomb.
“I’m surprised, Zeus,” Maddie said in a conversational tone as he dragged her along, getting closer to the street.
“At what, Maddie, dear?” he said, keeping his eyes alert and moving.
“That you let yourself be trapped like this. It was a pretty stupid move on your part not to keep someone in the alley by the back door. I would have thought the great and mighty Zeus would have planned better than that. Maybe you aren’t quite as clever as you think you are.”
The arm around her neck tightened like a steel band, threatening to cut off her air.
“You talk too much,” he hissed near her ear.
“You mean the invincible Zeus is intimidated by a little slip of a girl like me?” Maddie taunted. She could feel the anger emanating from him. Good. The more emotion he felt, the more likely he was to let his guard down, make a mistake. “Are you scared of butterflies and puppies, too?”
One of the bodyguards laughed and Zeus gave him a look dripping with venom.
“But that was funny, boss. I just…”
Whatever he was going to say was cut off when Zeus lifted Maddie’s gun and shot his own man.
“That wasn’t very nice, Zeus. A man is entitled to his own opinion. You feel threatened by factual observations. Isn’t that interesting? Obviously, he found me quite charming and funny,” Maddie continued with her needling. “I’m sure you do too, but your delusional fantasies make you unable to perceive that which is truly amusing.”
“Be quiet,” Zeus barked, his accent slipping a little. Maddie felt the prick of the knife on her neck and a trickle of blood. “Be quiet, or so help me, I’ll gut you like a fish right here, right now.”
As they came out of the alley, Maddie caught the eye of the two undercover cops still stationed out front. They had orders not to leave their post, no matter what. Now she was glad they had made that part of their plan.
“So you really are intimated by me. By a little slip of a girl who can take down big bad Zeus without really even trying. You are completely and undeniably pathetic. I really anticipated you being more of a challenge instead of such an easy mark. I also heard you were quite good looking. Apparently that rumor wasn’t true either,” Maddie said, knowing it would push Zeus beyond the edge of reason. He took a faltering step, which gave her the window she needed to free herself, grab her gun from his hand and shoot Zeus in the chest repeatedly while the other officers took down the remaining bodyguards.
Zeus roared in anger and pain before plunging the knife into Maddie’s left shoulder, slicing through her bullet proof vest as he twisted the blade and jerked on the handle.
Searing pain unlike anything she had ever known engulfed her as she dropped to the sidewalk, helpless to do anything but fight the blackness settling upon her. She could feel blood gushing down her arm and chest as she fought to focus on which way Zeus ran. One officer was calling for an ambulance while the other ran in pursuit of Zeus, who appeared to have once again vanished into what seemed like thin air.
Before sinking into oblivion, Maddie cursed herself for not putting a bullet into Zeus’ head in the alley. He somehow had managed to escape again. All she had to do was pull the trigger and end the nightmare that had plagued her for years.
Instead, she was spiraling down into the depths of an abysmal darkness hand-crafted by Zeus.




Chapter Three

Eric Moore stood up and drank in a long breath of clean air, stretching his back. Raising his hands above his head, he twisted right and left, enjoying the feel of his muscles being pulled and used. Looking up toward the May sky, the pale white of a wind machine stood in stark contrast to the vivid blue. Traveling the last two years, Erik helped install wind turbines. He was fascinated with the behemoth machines that converted kinetic energy from the wind into mechanical energy. They dotted landscapes throughout eastern Washington and Oregon and he had helped install a good number of them.
When Sheila died, he couldn’t stand to be in their home or on the farm. After a month of barely making it through one day at a time, he rented the farm, put all his personal belongings into storage and asked Mike, his neighbor and friend, to keep an eye on things for him. He loaded a duffle bag full of clothes in his pickup along with his dog, Boone, and left. The time spent away from the farm had lessened the pain, softened the edges of the hole in his heart, let the grief slowly seep out of him. Erik still grieved, still hurt, still questioned why things happened the way they had, but he no longer wished he could die right along with Sheila and the baby.
He still preferred to keep to himself, even though he liked the crew working on the wind machines. Every person had a story and some were better left in the past. To the last man, none of them pried, just accepted whatever was put before them at face value.
Satisfied with his work, Erik took a step back and grinned. This was the last machine they were putting up in this area.
For several weeks they’d been working on a century-old farm located out of Walla Walla, Washington, near the Oregon border. From his view up on the ridge where the machines were placed, he could see Ethan Weber baling hay while his son Zach came along behind stacking the bales. The twosome owned and operated the well-tended farm. Beyond the acres of hay, Erik could see rolling fields of wheat waving in the gentle afternoon breeze.
Although where he grew up in Ontario wasn’t that far from the Walla Walla Valley, Erik had never ventured that far north. He was surprised when their crew pulled into the area to find a beautiful green valley filled with apple orchards, vineyards, acres of sweet onions, and field after field of wheat.
Not a large city by any means, Walla Walla was a nice small town with friendly people and a selection of stores and businesses. Although he rarely ate anything other than fast food, he tried a few of the local restaurants and found the food to be quite good.
The crew would be packing up tomorrow and moving out the next day. Erik wasn’t sure he was ready to move on. There was something peaceful here that whispered to his soul, tugging at him to stay a while longer. He wondered if he could find some other work in the area until he was ready to move on.
“What do you think, Boone? Should we go or stay?” Erik asked, bending down to rub the dog on his head, where he panted in the shade made by Erik’s pickup. Getting a plastic bowl out of the pickup bed, Erik took a bottle of water out of a cooler and poured some in the bowl then set it in front of the dog. Giving him a look of appreciation, the dog lapped at the water before licking Erik’s hand.
“You’re welcome, buddy.” Erik scratched the dog behind his ears and patted his back. “What do you think? Go or stay?”
The dog barked twice.
“Stay?”
The dog barked again and wagged his tail.
“Okay, stay it is.” Erik smiled. Now he’d just have to find another job and somewhere to live beyond the cheap motel where they had been staying. It was fine for a few weeks, but not somewhere he wanted to be on a long-term basis.
The crew was just finishing up their work for the day, when Zach drove up the hill and surveyed the project. He spoke with the manager for a few minutes before walking over to Erik. They had talked several times the past few weeks and Erik genuinely liked Zach and his dad. They were good, honest people.
“Hey,” Erik said, grasping the hand Zach extended to him. “What do you think?”
“It really changes the landscape, doesn’t it,” Zach said, looking at the row of wind turbines on the ridgeline.
“That it does,” Erik said studying the altered landscape. “Hard to miss these.”
Zach laughed then turned a more serious look to Erik. “Say, Dad and I are looking for some extra help this summer, through wheat harvest. Is that something you might be interested in?”
Erik couldn’t believe the perfect timing of Zach’s question. Relaxing his stance, he smiled. “I would be interested. In fact, I just made the decision this afternoon to see if I could find another job here in the area. Your Walla Walla Valley has grown on me and I’m not quite ready to leave it behind.”
Zach grinned. “Well, that’s great to hear. I know from what you’ve said, you have farming experience and you seem like an upright kind of guy. If you don’t mind, we’ll do a quick background check, have you fill out a brief employment form and be ready to go. The position includes room and board and you know we don’t mind having Boone around. He gets along great with Rose.”
Erik nodded, thinking of the way the two dogs liked to play together. He was surprised Rose had been so accepting of a strange dog on her place, but she and Boone seemed to be in puppy love.
“That sounds just fine.”
Zach studied Erik. He knew Erik was running from his past, but the guy was well-spoken, hardworking, and the project manager couldn’t stop raving about what an asset he had been to the crew. With his sister coming home for the summer, Zach knew he’d have his hands full and they were really going to need some extra help. Despite his quiet nature, Zach trusted Erik. His gut feeling was that Erik was a good guy and would be a great help to them for the summer.
“If you want to swing by the house on your way out, we can get the paper work out of the way. Are you available to start tomorrow?”
“Absolutely,” Erik said, looking forward to moving out of the motel and eating something that didn’t come wrapped in paper or foil.
Thirty-minutes later, Erik walked up the neatly swept steps of the farmhouse porch and rang the doorbell.
A woman in her mid-sixties opened the door and gave him a once over. Despite the cool greeting, her eyes twinkled with warmth and a smile cracked the corner of her lips.
“Well, don’t stand out there all day, come on in,” she opened the door wide and took a step back. “You must be Erik. Zach told me to expect you. He and Ethan will be in soon. I’m Ethan’s sister, Ralene. Everyone calls me Lena.”
“Nice to meet you,” Erik said, taking off his ball cap and holding it in his hands. He felt like he was under intense scrutiny and wasn’t sure he would pass muster. Shutting the door behind him, Erik swiped his boots on the rug at his feet before stepping into the foyer.
“Come on back to the kitchen and I’ll pour you a glass of tea,” Lena said, leading the way to the back of the house. Delicious smells of dinner cooking made Erik’s stomach growl. He couldn’t think when he had last eaten a home-cooked meal. He was fair in a kitchen, but most of the motels where he stayed didn’t have kitchenettes and he was usually too tired to think about cooking when he finished for the day anyway.
Lena turned to look at him with a raised eyebrow.
“Sorry. It smells like you’ve got a fine meal in the makings for dinner,” Erik said, his face flushing red.
“At least you’ve got a good sense of smell,” Lena said, motioning him toward a big farm table in the spacious kitchen. She put ice in a glass, filled it with tea and set it in front of him along with a plate of chocolate chip cookies, still warm from the oven.
“Thank you,” Erik said, taking a long drink of the tea before biting into the soft cookie. He closed his eyes, better to appreciate the homemade goodness of the treat. It had been so long since anything had tasted that good to him.
“You’re welcome,” Lena said, stirring something in a pot on the stove. “So, Zach said you’ll be staying on through the summer. That will take a load off that boy’s mind. They’ve been shorthanded this spring and with Madelyn coming home, he’s going to have his hands full.”
“Madelyn?” Erik asked, taking a bite out of his second cookie.
“My niece. She got herself into a bad situation and needs to come home for a while this summer. Since she and her brother are both as stubborn as the day is long, things can get quite interesting with the two of them,” Lena chatted while she washed a head of lettuce and made a green salad.
“Are she and Zach close to the same age?” Erik asked, struggling to remember how to make polite conversation. It had been a while since he’d needed to, and he felt out of practice.
“Zach is two years older, but she thinks she can do anything he can, only better. She isn’t shy about making her opinions known, either.”
“Can she?” Erik surprised himself with the question. “Do things better, I mean?”
Lena laughed. “Sometimes, yes.”
Erik chuckled and took another drink of tea. Before he could start on his third cookie, Zach and Ethan came in the kitchen door. Striding across the room, Zach extended his hand to Erik, who stood when the men came in.
“Sorry to keep you waiting, Erik. Had a little problem with the baler we were trying to fix,” Zach shook Erik’s hand again. “Dad, you’ve met Erik before. Why don’t you two talk while I get the paperwork from the office?”
“Yes, we’ve talked a few times,” Ethan said, shaking Erik’s hand before sitting down at the end of the table. “Zach says you’re willing to stay on and help us this summer. Says you’ve got some farming experience?”
“Yes, sir, I do,” Erik said, hoping he wouldn’t have to go into details. At Ethan’s probing look, Erik swallowed down a sigh. “I grew up on a farm in Ontario, Oregon. My family has been farming it for several generations. We raised mostly hay, corn, some wheat and sometimes we put in a few experimental fields.”
“What kind of experimental fields?” Ethan asked, warming to the subject of new farming ideas.
“Seed,” Erik said. “One year we raised zinnias, another carrots. We tried sunflowers and marigolds. It was more for fun than anything. We used a field that was too small to grow much else. I was thinking about putting in some grapes before…” Erik’s voice trailed off as he remembered all the plans that died right along with Sheila. He lost more than his wife and unborn baby that day. He’d lost his ability to dream.
“Before what, son?” Ethan asked, genuinely interested.
“Before my wife and baby died and I left the farm.”
Lena stopped her work and looked at Erik with teary eyes. She didn’t say a word, but the pain in his face and voice was enough to make her sniffle before she turned back to her work.
“I’m sorry, Erik. For a young man like you, that must have been very difficult. Do you mind if I ask what happened?”
“No, sir,” Erik found that he didn’t mind talking about his loss as much as he once would have. He hadn’t shared his story with anyone since he left home. It actually felt good to talk about what happened. “My wife, Sheila, and I had been married for ten years and wanted a baby so badly. We’d given up trying when we found out she was expecting. A boy. She was six months pregnant when she ran into a feed truck at the end of our lane. She died on the way to the hospital. I just couldn’t stay on the farm after that.”
Ethan leaned across the table and patted Erik on the shoulder.
“I’m very sorry, Erik. That is a terrible thing to go through. My wife was killed a few years ago, so I can understand your grief and loss.”
“What happened to your wife, sir?”
“She was shot in cold blood in our car on her way home from the grocery store.”
Erik couldn’t think of an appropriate response to something so harsh and brutal. “I’m so sorry,” he finally managed to say.
“I know Elaine is in a better place and she’ll be waiting for me to join her someday. I just hope the man who shot her will be brought to justice.”
“I’m truly sorry, Mr. Weber. What a tragedy,” Erik said, realizing him and Ethan had much in common, except where he had the gift of closure, Ethan still waited. “The man who shot her has never been caught?”
“No. I’m starting to wonder if he ever will be,” Ethan said, his face registering his emotions of fear, despair and raw pain.
Zach hurried back into the kitchen and sat down next to Erik with a simple form for him to fill out. Completing that task, Ethan insisted he stay for dinner and Erik was not going to argue.
Lena served up pot roast with mashed potatoes and gravy, hot rolls and green salad.
“This is the best meal I’ve had in years,” Erik said, slathering butter on another roll.
“Well, for that compliment, I think you get the first piece of pie.” Lena said, while Zach and Ethan grinned.
Half an hour later as Erik scraped the last bite of strawberry pie off his plate, he came to the conclusion agreeing to work for the Webers was one of the best decisions he’d made recently. If he got to eat like this on a regular basis, he wouldn’t know what to do with himself.
“That was a fine, fine meal, Lena. Thank you very much, and thank you for inviting me to stay,” Erik said, insisting on helping clear the table. As he did, the phone rang and Zach answered it.
“You’re where?” Zach hollered. “What did you do a fool thing like that for? Why didn’t you give Dad or me a call? Yes, I’ll be right there.”
Slamming down the phone, Zach grabbed his keys and hurried to the door. “That was Maddie. It seems my mule-headed sibling is at the airport and needs a ride.”
“What?” Ethan said, surprise registering on his face and in his voice. “I thought she wasn’t getting released until next week.”
“Apparently she encouraged them to let her go early. I’ll go get her and be back soon. Lena, can you get her room ready?”
“You bet,” Lena said with a shake of her head as Zach ran out the door and across the yard.
From the kitchen window, Erik watched the trail of dust that followed Zach’s speeding pickup down the road.
“Maddie is your daughter?” Erik asked Ethan as he helped Lena with the dishes.
“Yes,” Ethan said, running a hand through his thinning gray hair. “My headstrong, independent daughter. That girl is going to be the death of me yet.”
Lena laughed and patted her brother’s arm as she walked by.
“If she isn’t, it won’t be for lack of trying.”
Erik helped Lena finish the dishes, wished both she and Ethan goodnight and drove to the motel, wondering about Maddie Weber.
His mind conjured a picture of a tall, solid girl with a stubborn streak and flowing dark hair. She would look like a female version of Zack, which would explain part of the reason why it seemed they antagonized each other.
Erik was in for quite a surprise.




Chapter Four

Maddie lay in bed, knowing she should get up, but enjoying the peacefulness of her old bedroom. She could feel the sunshine sneaking through the blinds behind the ruffled chintz curtains, creating streaks of warmth on her face.
Taking a deep breath, she inhaled the fragrance of home. She could smell fresh cut hay, the invigorating scent of outdoors on the sheets and the distinctive aroma of fresh coffee and crisply fried bacon wafting up the stairs.
Opening an eye, she looked around the room where she spent all her growing up years and smiled. It looked exactly like it had when she left it fourteen years earlier, at the ripe old age of 18.
She thought she knew everything there was to know about life when she packed her bags, loaded her car, drove to Seattle, and broke her mother’s heart. She never wanted to stay in the small town of Walla Walla. She had her sights set on bigger and better things. When the boy she’d fallen in love with her first week at college shattered her heart in a million pieces, she realized she might not be quite as wise and worldly as she originally led herself to believe.
Maddie sighed, wishing she could go back in time and give her 18-year-old self a long lecture about how lucky she was, how much she had, and advise her to enjoy it while it lasted.
She’d give anything to be able to sit with her mama one last time. To smell the sweet floral perfume her mother always wore. To feel her hand, comforting and warm, on her back. To see her face beam a smile filled with love and joy.
Zeus had taken more than just her mother the day he shot Elaine Weber. He’d taken one of Maddie’s few friends.
Growing up a tomboy, Maddie wasn’t interested in anything girlie. Instead of playing with Barbie’s or baby dolls, she played with trucks and footballs. She had a BB gun instead of ballet shoes and spent time in hunter’s safety classes instead of music lessons.
Maddie threw a fit when her mother decorated her bedroom in soft shades of yellow with ruffled curtains and white furniture when she was a freshman in high school. Secretly she was quite pleased. Although the persona she gave the world was tough and tomboy, there was a part of Maddie that thoroughly enjoyed being a girl.
Only Elaine had known Maddie had a soft side.
It had been a challenge for Maddie all her life to prove she was as good as the boys. At only five-feet tall, petite with blue eyes and golden blond hair, she looked like a perfect little doll. Because people took one look at her and assumed she’d be a prissy female, she worked twice as hard to show them she wasn’t.
Maddie had always found it hard to relate to girls her age. They giggled too much, spent too much time worrying about their clothes and hair, and discussed the most inane things. Maddie hung out with the boys, who treated her like one of the guys, although she never felt like she belonged anywhere. Elaine loved her for who she was and for that Maddie was eternally grateful.
Her mother was the one who encouraged her to follow her dreams. To be whatever she wanted to be. Maddie knew she wasn’t going to pursue a career typical for most females. She was good at analytical thinking, problem solving, and reasoning. With a strong sense of right and wrong, and an ability to read people, it didn’t take long after Maddie started college to decide she wanted to be involved in law enforcement.
Despite her diminutive size, she proved she could handle the job. She was an expert marksman, had a reputation for never quitting, and was loyal to a fault.
Even that wasn’t enough to save Devin.
Maddie sat up and rubbed her eyes. She still missed him, still thought about him. Although she tried to avoid relationships of any type, Devin Suez had gotten to her, working his way into her guarded heart inch by inch until he became a huge part of Maddie’s life. Devin was an All-American boy with a winning smile and gentle heart. How could she not fall in love with him, especially with all the time they spent working together?
Zeus not only took her mother from her, he had taken the man Maddie hoped to marry. Releasing a sigh, Maddie tried to quiet the voices raging in her head that told her, once again, she blew the opportunity to end Zeus once and for all when she didn’t shoot him point blank in the alley.
Being honorable had gotten her nowhere except on extended leave until the knife wound in her shoulder healed. It was going to be a long summer stuck back on the farm with Dad and Zach hovering over her.
If Zach’s behavior the night before when he picked her up at the tiny Walla Walla airport was any indication of how things would go during the next few months, it was going to be a long, hard road of recovery. After lecturing her about leaving the hospital early and traveling alone, he then went on and on about how she needed to be more mindful of her personal safety, how she needed to let them take care of her, how she needed to let herself need help.
After the first five minutes, she blocked him out and sat ignoring him, watching the scenery fly past her window. She hadn’t been back to town since they finished the first leg of the new highway project. The road was wide and smooth, taking them through beautiful farm country.
Once he helped her get her things in the house, Zach tried to rally their dad to take up the lecture where he left off. Ethan, to Maddie’s surprise, just gave her a gentle hug and said, “I’m so glad you’re home, cupcake.”
Exhausted from the trip and admittedly run down from the past three years of constantly working trying to catch Zeus, Maddie slept late, at least late for the farm. Glancing at the bedside clock, she smiled to see it read 9:30 a.m.
Carefully stretching so she didn’t damage the stitches in her shoulder, Maddie got out of bed and went to the bathroom where she took a bath and got ready for the day.
She was wrestling with a fresh bandage when a pounding on the door startled her. She would have automatically pulled her gun if she’d been wearing it.
“Maddie, I’ve got breakfast waiting for you when you are ready,” Lena called through the closed door. “Do you need help with your bandage?”
“I’ve just about got it,” Maddie said, her breathing returning to normal. She hadn’t realized how jumpy she’d become. “Just give me a second and I’ll be right down.”
“Okay, honey,” Lena said. “Sure you don’t need help?”
Maddie opened the door and grinned at her aunt, with the bandage dangling from her hand. “Maybe a little.”
“Well, let’s get you fixed up then, kiddo.”
Lena made short work of getting the bandage into place, helped Maddie on with her shirt, then guided her arm into the sling she was supposed to wear. Stepping back she gave her a once over and shook her head.
“Your hair looks like a nest of something wild tangled in it,” Lena said, picking up Maddie’s brush. Soon Maddie’s gold hair, cut in short, wavy layers, was perfectly styled. “That looks much better, kiddo.”
“Thanks, Aunt Lena,” Maddie said, kissing her aunt’s cheek as they walked down the hall to the stairs. “What would I do without you?”
“Not a whole lot until your arm heals up a bit,” Lena said with a grin. “Now let’s get you some breakfast. You look like a strong wind could blow you down.”
Maddie just glared at her aunt, which caused her to laugh.
“I know, Miss Maddie, you are one tough cookie and no wind is going to mess with you.”
Maddie relaxed and smiled. “Glad you remembered.”
As the two women sat at the table and chatted, Lena caught Maddie up on the farm happenings, including the new wind turbines.
“Dad mentioned them when he came to see me in the hospital,” Maddie said, enjoying a second cup of coffee. “I’ll have to go out and see them.”
“Just be careful. You don’t want to overdo.”
“I won’t, Aunt Lena. I’m made of pretty stern stuff, you know.”
“Yes, don’t I know it, and if I didn’t, you would remind me repeatedly until I did.”
Maddie and Lena continued to visit until Maddie’s eye was drawn out the kitchen window to a man she hadn’t seen on the farm before.
He wasn’t tall or short. She’d guess him about five-nine or ten. He was lean and fit, and walked with an easy, confident gait. When he turned toward the house, all she could think of was the sadness that seemed to surround him. She recognized it well because she felt such a crushing sense of anguish herself.
“Who’s that man, Aunt Lena?”
“That’s Erik, our new summer help. Your brother just hired him yesterday. He was with the crew that put in the wind turbines. Such a nice young man,” Lena said, eying Maddie. “As a matter of fact, I’d guess him to be right around your age. Single. No attachments.”
“Oh,” Maddie said, standing up in her need to escape her aunt’s wild match-making ideas. She could already see the wheels spinning in Lena’s head. Her own wheels were spinning, wondering if Zach had checked this guy’s background. He could work for Zeus and be an immediate threat to her family. Sighing, she realized she would never get them to acknowledge the danger they were constantly in just by being related to her.
Sizing up the man, she knew he wasn’t Zeus because he wasn’t tall enough to be the madman. That didn’t mean he wasn’t suspect for some other reason, though. Guilty until proven innocent was Maddie’s current motto.
“I think I’ll go take a look around the farm,” Maddie said, putting on a pair of sunglasses. “It’s been a while.”
Lena walked up beside her and patted her good arm. “You haven’t been back since your mother’s funeral. We’ve missed you, Maddie.”
“I’ve missed you, too.” Maddie had missed her family. She just didn’t have time for trips home and, truth be told, she hadn’t wanted to think how quiet the farmhouse would be without her mother there.  Although she loved her aunt, she just couldn’t help waiting to hear her mother’s voice around the corner and see her smiling from the stove.
Deciding to go outside to clear her head and chase away the sad memories, Maddie stepped out onto the porch and was greeted by a friendly dog. He lifted his head from his paws and wagged his tail.
When she leaned over to pet him, his eyes shone with affection.
“Where did you come from, boy? What’s your name?”
“Boone,” a voice said from in front of her. Maddie raised her gaze and saw Erik watching her from a few feet away.
The dog got to his feet and ran over to Erik, his tail wagging so hard Maddie wasn’t sure how he could walk without pulling himself off balance.
Erik smiled at the dog and gave him a gentle pat before returning his gaze to Maddie.
His features were shadowed by the bill of his ball cap, but he took a step forward and held out his hand.
“You must be Miss Weber,” he said, shaking the small hand she placed in his calloused one. “I’m Erik. It’s nice to meet you.”
Maddie looked at him. From this angle, she could see his eyes were light brown, almost golden, and laugh lines creased the corners. He wasn’t handsome in the unbelievably gorgeous sense Devin had been, but he was very nice looking with a strong jaw and straight nose.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you,” Maddie said, taking a step back and pulling down her sunglasses. “Please, call me Maddie.” For some reason beyond her ability to comprehend, the touch of Erik’s hand on hers made her stomach start fluttering. She didn’t appreciate the sensation at all. Ignoring it, she studied the farmer standing before her, his hand absently rubbing the dog’s head.  “Aunt Lena was telling me you helped install the wind machines. I thought I’d go take a look at them and see if they are as huge up close as they are from here.”
Erik offered her a genuine smile. “You might be surprised.”
Maddie felt her lips curving upward in response. “I might be.” Looking around, Maddie spied one of the farm four-wheelers sitting by the barn and started walking that direction.
“Are you sure you should bump around with your arm,” Erik asked, watching her walk away.
Maddie stopped and looked at him as she pushed her sunglasses back into place. Studying him for a moment, she decided he was asking out of concern, not some ulterior motive.
“I’ll be careful, but thanks for asking.”
Erik nodded his head and walked back toward the machine shed, taking Boone with him. He was gone before Zach returned with Maddie last night and Ethan said she was sleeping late this morning, so he was surprised to see her come out on the porch.
She was nothing like he had imagined.
Instead of being tall and stocky like her dad and brother, Maddie was about the tiniest thing Erik had ever seen. She looked like a perfect version of a Barbie doll from the blond hair, blue eyes and glowing tan to her generously curved, albeit petite figure. She was absolutely gorgeous and the fact that he even noticed was causing him to question how smart it would be to work on the ranch all summer.
He had managed to keep to himself for the last two years and he was planning to continue on alone. After losing Sheila and the baby, he didn’t think he could put himself through that kind of torture again. As he glanced back over his shoulder at Maddie slowly riding the four-wheeler up the hill toward the wind turbines, he wondered if maybe he should reconsider that plan.
When it came right down to it, Erik was tired of moving around, tired of running, tired of grieving, tired of being swept along with no direction or purpose. He still missed Sheila every day, but the pain had lessened to a dull ache that came and went instead of a twisting knot that relentlessly held him in its grasp. Maybe it was time to think about going home to his farm and moving on with his life.
He hadn’t thought of that once in the past two years, and now that idea didn’t seem so foreign. Rolling it around in his mind, he decided to give it some time and see if, at the end of the summer, he was ready to resume his life in Ontario.


Chapter Five

May glided into June on a soft sigh. It was, Maddie would admit, so nice to be somewhere the sun shone most of the time, where the air was clear and fresh, and the sky a dazzling shade of azure blue.
Used to the damp, rainy weather of Seattle, she didn’t realize how much she had missed the beauty of early summer in the Walla Walla Valley.
Sitting on the porch swing, she watched the guys working at the shop on equipment. They would start the second cutting of hay soon and were making sure everything was in proper working order.
Gone from home for so long, Maddie hadn’t realized so many vineyards had popped up in the area. From their porch, she could look across the valley and see several orderly rows of grapes where orchards and wheat fields used to be. It didn’t take long to learn Walla Walla had a booming wine business, which she had largely ignored.
Sitting in the porch swing, aimlessly moving the seat back and forth with her foot, Maddie was restless. Used to being on the go with a lack of sleep, she hardly knew what to do with herself now that she was well rested. With her left arm still in a sling, she was about ready to climb the walls. Lena was busy cleaning or cooking or doing something domestic inside. Maddie smiled. She supposed it wouldn’t hurt to learn a few domestic skills. Her cooking abilities left a lot to be desired and cleaning was never high on her to-do list.
Closing her eyes, she just enjoyed the peaceful morning on the farm. She heard the front door open and close then felt the swing dip as her aunt sat down beside her.
“Thought you might enjoy a glass of tea, kiddo,” Lena said, pressing a cold glass into Maddie’s hand.
Taking a sip, Maddie smiled in appreciation. “You remembered.”
“Of course I remembered. Although the guys like their tea dark and strong, it doesn’t hurt once in a while for us to enjoy a glass of mint iced tea, with a generous helping of sugar.”
Maddie laughed and took another sip. “This is really good, Aunt Lena. You can’t buy a glass of this in Seattle.”
Lena sat up a little straighter, eating up the praise. “Glad to hear that, kiddo.”
They sat in silence for a few minutes enjoying the quiet.
“So, Maddie, what are we going to do with you the rest of the summer? You can’t go back to work for a while, but another week and you’ll be climbing the walls, even if it is one-handed.”
Maddie leaned her head back against the swing. “I know, Aunt Lena. I’m not used to being idle. Or still. Or bored. I’ve got to find something to do.”
“Well, it seems to me that you can’t do anything too strenuous because of your arm, but I can think of a few things that would probably be fine.”
“Like what?”
“I’m finally going to teach you how to cook. Starting today. First lesson will be dinner. How does that sound?”
“Like punishment but I can’t exactly beat you off now, can I?”
Lena laughed and lightly smacked Maddie’s leg.
“No, you can’t. You wouldn’t ever stay still long enough to learn from your mother and you’ve got no excuse now.”
“Okay. Lesson one at dinner. What else?”
“I think you should take a nice, long walk every day. You wouldn’t want to lose all those muscles you worked so hard to build.”
Maddie smiled. Despite her injury, she was still keeping a fitness routine. She had to. After a couple of months off work, she was going to be soft enough as it was. Aunt Lena just didn’t know what Maddie had been doing when she wasn’t watching. She walked several miles every day, just in fifteen to twenty minute spurts. That way Aunt Lena didn’t grow suspicious and accuse her of over doing.
“Right. A nice long walk every day. Then what?”
“You need some friends, Maddie. People your own age to hang out with. So I invited one of your old buddies and his wife for dinner tomorrow.”
Maddie stopped the swing and stared at her aunt. At least she wasn’t trying to force her to date someone. Yet.
“Who did you invite?”
“The sheriff.”
“Have I behaved that badly, you had to invite him?”Maddie asked, trying to keep a straight face. It would be fun to see her old friend John. Maddie had beaten him in every shooting competition they entered, but he still let her hang out with him. It didn’t hurt that he and Zach had been best friends since the third grade.
Lena laughed again. “No, kiddo, but I thought you might like to see him. His wife is such a lovely person and I don’t think you’ve had much of a chance to get to know her.”
“No, I haven’t. They were both at Mom’s funeral, but I… well… it would be nice to visit with her.”
“Wonderful,” Lena said, getting to her feet. “Now, how about you go take that walk while I get lunch started?”
“Sure, Aunt Lena,” Maddie said, handing her empty tea glass to her aunt and wandering off toward the shop where the guys were working. Maddie wore cut off shorts, a tank top and canvas sneakers. Not exactly the best attire for work on the farm, but there wasn’t much she could do besides stand around and watch.
Walking in the shed, Zach, Ethan and Erik were all intently working on the swather, their heads stuck in the machine.
“If you lean over farther does that help fix the problem faster?” Maddie asked right behind Zach, knowing he didn’t hear her approach.
Startled, he jerked and smacked his head.
“What did you do that for?” he grumbled, rubbing his head as he turned to look at her. “You, of all people, should know better than to sneak up on someone.”
“I know, but I get so much pleasure out of tormenting you.” Maddie smiled at her brother in a way only a younger sister can, and he grinned back, despite the knot forming on his head.
“If you don’t have anything better to do, I’ll put you to work,” Zach teased, waving a wrench at her.
“No thanks,” Maddie said, taking a step back. “Lena decided I needed to take a walk and burn off some energy.”
“Well, then, you better get to it,” Zach said, turning back to the swather.
“Right,” Maddie said, stepping away when her gaze fastened on Erik’s, causing her heart to beat a little faster and her palms to get clammy. She backed into the baler and would have fallen except Erik reached out to steady her.
“Be careful. You wouldn’t want to fall,” Erik said quietly, letting go of her good arm.
“No,” Maddie whispered. “Falling would be bad.”
Erik winked at her and returned his attention to the swather. Maddie gathered what was left of her wits and walked out of the shop, heading up the hill toward the wind turbines.
She hated that Erik had that affect on her. One smile from him, and her insides quivered while she felt like a school girl with a crush. She’d never felt like that with Devin. To be honest, she’d never felt like that with anyone. What was it about Erik that got to her?
Noticing Boone and Rose following her, she called to the dogs and rubbed first one head, then the other as they walked up the hill. Maddie thought about Erik. She was good at reading people. It was part of her job and part of what made her excel as a cop. Erik was a good guy. She had no doubt about that, but he was running from something. She knew he had lost a wife and unborn baby. Aunt Lena said he walked away from his farm in his grief and hadn’t been back. From watching him work, he was very knowledgeable about farming. Something, though, was bothering him. Something that made him pull up his roots and not set them down again. Maybe it was his grief. Maybe it was something more. She intended to find out.
Maddie wished he would open up more when he came in for meals, but he was generally pretty quiet unless they were talking about farming. When that topic arose, he was a wealth of information. Her dad and Zach had mentioned more than once that Erik was turning out to be worth his weight in gold. He wasn’t just a farm hand. He was a seasoned farmer who instinctively knew what to do and how best to do it.
Having watched Erik the last few weeks, Maddie thought she saw some of his sadness lessen. He seemed to laugh more often. She would have to try to find additional ways to make him smile. When he flashed those even white teeth at her, she couldn’t help but smile in return and that was a feeling she greatly enjoyed.
Walking to the base of one of the mammoth wind machines, Maddie sat with Boone and Rose next to her, enjoying the tranquility and the view. The valley was lush and green this time of year. She could hear the chink-chinking of pivots, the gentle lowing of cattle and the breeze rustling in the still-green fields of wheat. Although she had avoided coming home as much as humanly possible the last few years, she found a peace here on the farm she was unable to capture anywhere else.
Sitting quietly and soaking in the beautiful world around her, Maddie lingered longer than she planned. Getting up to return home, Boone and Rose ran around her barking and wagging their tails in encouragement.
“Am I walking too slowly for you two?” Maddie laughed as Boone yipped and continued his antics. Rose slowed her pace and kept to Maddie’s side as she headed toward the house.
By the time she returned from her walk, Lena had the table set for lunch and the guys were just coming in to wash up.
“I was about to send the posse out to find you, kiddo,” Lena teased. “Looks like you had a good walk.”
“I did, Aunt Lena. Thanks for suggesting it,” Maddie said, as she carried a plate of biscuits to the table and sat down.
“Doesn’t she look healthier? I think our wonderful Walla Walla weather has been good for her,” Lena glanced around the table after grace had been said.
“Sure it has, Auntie,” Zach said, buttering a biscuit. “She doesn’t look quite so pasty and gray anymore. Now if we could just find a cure for her attitude and sass, all would be right in the world.”
Maddie shot her brother a look that warned him to keep his mouth shut.
Erik watched the play between siblings and bit back a smile. He thought Maddie looked amazing. He’d never seen a woman with such well-defined muscles. When she walked into the shop this morning, he almost dropped the part he was holding on Ethan’s foot. Those cut off shorts and tank top accentuated Maddie’s assets in a most becoming manner.
The summer sun put roses in her cheeks and spun highlights in her golden hair. He didn’t think Maddie had any idea how stunningly attractive she was. Looking at her bandaged arm and shoulder, he wondered again how she had been injured, but didn’t feel it was his place to ask. Erik hadn’t even asked what Maddie did in Seattle and no one seemed to want to talk about it.
That was fine by him.
A little mystery suddenly seemed quite appealing.

<><><>

Mid-afternoon, the guys trooped in for a break and brought in the mail. While Lena poured tea and set out a plate of cookies, Maddie sorted through catalogs, bills and letters. A small, plain brown envelope addressed to her caused Maddie to catch her breath.
Turning her back, she pulled out a single piece of cardstock, the size of a business card, with a QR code printed in a neat square.
Taking her phone from her short’s pocket, she scanned the code and braced herself for whatever would come.
A photo of the farmhouse popped up followed by a message:

“What a lovely farm you have, my dear, Maddie. And such a sweet aunt. Don’t get too used to having her there…”

Maddie sucked in a gulp of air and felt her legs give out beneath her. She sank onto the nearest chair and quickly turned off her phone, shoving the code and envelope into her pocket.
Erik watched Maddie’s face turn a sickly shade of white and beads of perspiration pop out on her upper lip. He worried she might faint and passed her his glass of tea.
She looked at him with pain-filled eyes and accepted the glass, holding it to her cheeks before gulping down the icy drink.
“You okay, Maddie?” her dad asked, noticing her pale skin.
“I’m fine, Dad,” Maddie lied, getting up from the table, and feeling woozy. “Maybe I got a little too much sun. I think I’ll go rest for a while.”
Erik stood and watched her wobble around the table. “Do you need some help?”
Maddie looked back at him with a weak smile. “Thanks, but I’ll be fine.”
Going to her room, she called her boss and let him know she received another QR code. She sent him the code from her phone and they discussed the danger her family could be in.
“Maddie, like it or not, you need some protection out there. Let me get you set up with a few men on guard.”
“Tom, I know you mean well, but I don’t want my family terrified of something happening every time they stick their nose outside the door. I don’t want them to know what is going on. All Dad knows is that the guy who shot Mom got away. He doesn’t know about Zeus and I want to keep it that way.”
“But what about the threat to your aunt in this code? I just don’t feel right not giving you any protection.”
“I know, Tom, and I appreciate it. But I’ll just have to be on guard. I’ve got a friend here that will help, too.” 
“Let me send just one guy, Maddie. With your arm in a sling, Zeus knows you are vulnerable. If I send someone in undercover, could you convince your dad and brother you need another hired hand?”
“Possibly,” Maddie said, mulling over the idea. She did like the idea of having an added gun on the place if Zeus showed up. One who knew how to handle someone like him. “Okay, you send someone as a summer farm hand and I’ll make sure dad hires them.”
“Fine. I’ll try and have someone there tomorrow. If not, the following day at the latest. I’ll send you the files once I’ve got everything in place.”
“Thanks, Tom. I appreciate it.”
“You’re welcome,” Tom said, concerning filling his voice. “And Maddie, please be careful. You know how dangerous Zeus can be and he seems to have a singular intent to get to you.”
“I know.”
Hanging up, Maddie felt exhausted and stretched out on the bed. Closing her eyes just brought back visions of all the encounters she had endured with Zeus, including the moment she could have shot him and ended it all.




Chapter Six

“You should have seen her,” John, the sheriff, laughed as he told another Maddie story. He seemed to be full of them this evening and had kept everyone in stitches from the time dinner started right on through dessert. “Weighing ninety pounds soaking wet, she took down the star of the wrestling team and ground his face in the mud. What was it he said that made you so angry, Maddie?”
Maddie shot John a glare that would have made most men squirm in their seats. Her old friend didn’t appear to be bothered in the least.
“Oh, come on, Maddie, what did he say that made you so mad?” Zach teased. “Something about running funny.”
“He said I ran like a girl,” Maddie ground out, irritated at John and her brother. They both knew that story from start to finish including what made her tackle that blow-hard Drake and show him a thing or two about wrestling moves he didn’t know. He made sure to avoid Maddie after that. Not that she was trying to impress Erik, but John and Zach were not painting a very flattering picture of her tonight.
Erik couldn’t help but laugh. He had enjoyed this evening more than any other in a very long time. Zach and John were best friends and John’s wife, Mollie, was just about as sweet as they came. They all sat around the table long after the dishes were done and the food put away, laughing and visiting.
John stood and pulled Mollie to her feet. “Come on, Mollie, girl, it is past time for us to head home.”
After thanking Lena for dinner, they all walked outside to say goodbye. Maddie followed him around to the driver’s side door after he held the passenger door for Mollie.
“It’s great to see you Maddie,” John said, giving her a careful hug. “It’s nice to have you home.”
“It’s nice to be home, John,” Maddie said sincerely. “I was wondering if you’d have a few minutes to meet with me tomorrow. About some business.”
John cocked an eyebrow, but nodded his head.  “Come by my office about ten in the morning.”
Maddie squeezed his arm and smiled. “I’ll see you then.”
When John opened the pickup door, Maddie stuck her head in and smiled at his wife. “Mollie, I don’t know how you put up with him, but I’m glad he found you. Thanks for coming out tonight.”
Mollie laughed as John climbed in the pickup and shut the door. Rolling down the window, he gave a final wave and headed down the drive.

<><><>

Maddie was at John’s office ten minutes early and had to wait for him to come back from a meeting. She pretended to read a magazine while her thoughts whirled at break-neck speed. Now she wondered if she had left her family open to Zeus by coming into town and not warning them. She didn’t want them to be frightened, but she didn’t want them to be caught unaware, either.
Zach had grilled her about what she was doing today and all she would tell him was “running errands.” She had to drive Aunt Lena’s car because she couldn’t hold onto the steering wheel and shift the manual transmission in her dad’s or Zach’s pickups.
When John came in the door a few minutes later, Maddie sighed in relief.
“Hope you weren’t waiting too long, Maddie,” John said as he guided her into his office and closed the door. Sitting down at his desk, he leaned back and waited for her to tell him what was going on.
“Have you heard anything about a guy named Zeus?” Maddie asked, deciding to get right to the heart of the matter.
“Yeah, I have. He’s trouble and then some. Doesn’t he base his operations out of Seattle somewhere?”
“Yes, he does. At least we’ve tracked him to several deals in the Seattle area. He comes and goes. Impossible to catch. But I know what he looks like.”
John sat up. This was news. He liked to keep up on who was at the top of the wanted list and Zeus was permanently there. Illusive and careful, no one had ever come up with a likeness of Zeus. “How do you know what he looks like?”
“Because he’s the one who gave me this,” Maddie said, nodding toward her sling.
“I think you better start from the beginning,” John said, leaning forward and grabbing a pen and notepad. Maddie gave him the details, starting with her first QR code from Zeus to the one she received yesterday.
“So, I wanted to see what you think,” Maddie studied John’s face as he sat looking at her, not saying anything. “Should I tell Dad and Zach or just keep on letting them think everything is fine.”
“First of all, I can’t believe you didn’t tell me Zeus killed your Mom. We never found any evidence that could be linked to anyone, and you’ve known all along who it was.”
“I wasn’t at liberty to share that information before,” Maddie explained. The chief thought the less publicity Zeus received the less harm he would inflict. Maddie agreed to some degree. “Now that it looks like he plans to come back, I was given the okay to fill you in.”
“I can understand that, Maddie, but why is this guy making it so personal against you?”
“I almost had him, John. Not once, but twice. The first time I was within inches of bringing him down and he got away. Just disappeared. The second time, I could have blown a bullet through his skull and I didn’t. I just couldn’t bring myself to shoot him point blank when I thought he was unarmed. That’s when he pulled the knife on me. I’ve never come across someone as sick and twisted as him before. I hope I never do again. He killed Mom and sent me a warning to back off or else. Then he killed Devin. Now he’s threatening to come after Aunt Lena.”
“I really think you should tell your Dad and Zach. Lena, too. It’s better for them to be informed and aware than to blindly walk into a dangerous situation.”
“Aunt Lena is going to be terrified. I just don’t want to take away her sense of safety and security.” Maddie sighed and rubbed a hand across her eyes.
“It’s a false sense, Maddie, and you know it. You need to tell them. At least tell Zach. And you said Tom is sending someone right away, so that will help. What about Erik? He seems like a guy you could count on in a pinch. What’s your vibe on him?”
“He’s solid. I don’t know if he can shoot a gun or how he feels about working somewhere that a wanted killer is staking out, but I don’t think he’ll go anywhere.” Maddie hoped he wouldn’t. She was starting to like having Erik around way more than she should. He gave her a sense of peacefulness that she couldn’t remember experiencing before.
“I think you need to go home, talk to your family and Erik, wait for backup to arrive from your boss and then make sure you keep me informed. I can help you much better when I know what is going on,” John said, rising from his chair and walking around to lean against the desk. “You know my cell number, Maddie. Call me anytime if you need help. I’ll also send patrols out your way a little more frequently. Not enough to be noticeable, but you at least know someone will be driving by a few times a day.”
“Thanks, John. I knew I could count on you.” Maddie gave her friend a hug and walked with him to the door. Before turning the knob, she offered John a teasing grin. “I still don’t know how a loser like you talked someone as nice as Mollie into being stuck with you for the rest of forever.”
“It was my good looks and undeniable charm,” John said, batting his eyelashes at her.
Maddie laughed. “She’s a great girl, John. You couldn’t have picked any better.”
“I know. Thanks, Maddie. Be safe and I’ll check in with you in a few days.”
As Maddie walked to the car, she felt better for having shared some of her concerns with John. She would go home, sit down with Zach and let him know what was going on. They’d decide together about telling everyone else.

<><><>

“Zach, do you have a few minutes to take a walk with me?” Maddie asked after lunch was over and the dishes were done. Zach and her Dad usually took thirty minutes to rest before heading back out to work. Erik seemed to like to spend that time sitting on the porch with Boone. She knew sometimes he did some wood carving and other times he used a laptop computer. Today, he was reading a farming magazine.
Looking at his sister, Zach was about to make some smart-aleck comment until he saw the pleading look in her eyes.
“Sure, Maddie,” Zach grabbed his hat and put it on. “Let’s go.”
They wandered away from the house toward the barn, walking slowly. When they were out of ear shot of the porch, Maddie filled Zach in on the briefest of details.
“So your shoulder wound wasn’t just in the line of duty?” Zach asked. “This guy is really out to get you.”
“It would seem that way,” Maddie said, stirring circles in the dirt with the toe of her sneaker. “I don’t know why he has such a personal vendetta against me, but he does. It looks like he plans to hurt Aunt Lena next. I’m scared, Zach, and I’m worried. I’d leave if I thought it would keep you all safe, but look what he did to Mom. I was in Seattle then.”
Zach pulled her into a hug and held her there, offering what comfort he could. He couldn’t wrap his head around the information Maddie just shared.
“I just can’t understand any of it. What does he have to gain by hurting you? Hurting those you love?”
“Nothing,” Maddie said, trying to think of a way to explain so Zach would understand. “There are just some people who derive pleasure by hurting others. You remember that kid in fourth grade who used to pull the wings off butterflies?”  When Zach nodded his head, she continued. “He took pleasure in bringing pain to something else. Zeus is like that. I’ve been leading the charge to track him down and arrest him, so that is why I’ve become a target. A very personal target.”
“How long has this been going on, Maddie?”
“Three years.”
Zach exploded.  Throwing his hands in the air, he stomped a circle around her, yelling. “You’ve been living with this fear, never knowing who or where he’d strike next for three years? Why didn’t you tell us, Maddie? Why didn’t you back off from it? Why did you let Mom get killed?”
His words couldn’t have hurt Maddie more than if he’d raised a knife and stabbed her through the heart.
At the look of raw pain that ripped across Maddie’s face, Zach took a step toward her and placed a hand on her back. “I’m sorry. That was totally unfair. It’s not your fault what he did to Mom.”
The tears prickling Maddie’s eyes trickled down her cheeks and a sob ripped from her throat. Burying her head against Zach, she finally allowed herself to cry out her grief and fear. “It is my fault. If it wasn’t for me, if it wasn’t for my investigation, Mom would be here right now. Aunt Lena would be safe. Devin would be alive.”
“Maddie, you don’t know any of that. You’re not God, you don’t control who lives or dies. It isn’t your fault.”
“But Zach…”
“No, Maddie. I’m sorry. I don’t blame you. You need to get it through your head that it isn’t your fault. This guy sounds like he’s a psychopath. Nothing will change that. You were just doing your job.”
Zach continued to hold her while she cried. When she stopped, he pulled out his bandana and handed it to her to mop up her face.
Looking at her brother she offered him a watery grin. “This clean?”
“Clean enough,” Zach smiled. “Now, tell me what we need to do. You said Tom is sending in someone undercover soon. What else can we do?”
She and Zach discussed some options, decided not to worry their dad, Lena or Erik yet and see what happened in the next few days. Maddie had a doctor’s appointment the next day and she was hoping she could start regaining use of her left arm. Right handed, it hadn’t slowed her down much, but she wanted to get in some shooting practice. She would fly to Seattle in the morning for the appointment and be back in the afternoon.
Maddie borrowed Lena’s car and left bright and early to catch her flight. At Sea-Tac she caught a cab and went directly to see her boss. Tom was surprised but glad to see her. He ran over details of a plan with her, gave her a file of info to study and told her to expect someone to show up that afternoon to fill the position of ranch hand.
The doctor’s appointment went very well. She would no longer have to wear the sling and would slowly regain use of her arm.  The exercise regimen would start with some basic strengthening moves then each week she would add more until she was back at one-hundred percent. Anything less was unacceptable to her.
Arriving back home mid-afternoon, she pulled up at the house to see a cowboy sitting on the porch swing. As she walked up the porch steps, the stranger stood and grinned at her. A hay stem hung out of his mouth and he looked the part of a cowboy from his dusty boots and snug fitting Wranglers to his snap-front western shirt and straw hat.
Staring at him a moment, Maggie felt a grin tugging at the corners of her mouth. Standing before her was none other than her partner Danny.
“Hello,” Maddie said sticking out her arm. “I’m Maddie.”
“I’m Dan, the cowboy man,” Danny whispered, giving her hand a shake and sending her a wink. Speaking louder he nodded his head toward the door. “The nice lady inside invited me to wait in the kitchen for you to get home, but I told her I’d sit out here. I heard from a friend in town that ya’ll were hiring some help and I thought I’d mosey on out and apply for the job. They said to speak with you directly.”
Maddie was biting her cheek to keep from laughing. She knew Danny grew up in a small town in central Oregon, but he was acting like he’d been born and raised in Texas, complete with a twang.
“Come inside,” Maddie said, opening the door. “You have to complete an application and my dad and brother will need to give their stamp of approval.”
Walking into the kitchen, Maddie set her bag on a chair, poured Danny a glass of tea and instructed him to wait at the table. Aunt Lena was nowhere to be seen, which immediately caused Maddie to panic.
“Aunt Lena, I’m home. Where are you?” Maddie called as she walked down the hallway to the office. Removing an application from a file, she walked back toward the kitchen, calling for her aunt. “Aunt Lena? Are you here? Aunt Lena?”
Ready to give in to her fear, Maddie turned when she heard Lena stomp down the stairs. “Good gravy, kiddo. I was changing the bedding upstairs. You were shouting loud enough a deaf man could hear you a mile away. Did you see the handsome cowboy on the porch?”
“I did, indeed,” Maddie said, hugging her aunt as they walked in the kitchen where Danny sat, looking charming and quite like a rodeo star from his handsome smile to the hat tipped back on his head. Sliding the application across the table, Maddie handed Danny a pen. “You need to fill this out then I’ll discuss the possibility of you filling the job with my brother and dad.”
“Sure thing, lil’ lady.” Danny’s twang seemed to be intensifying. “That sure was tasty tea, Miz Lena. I don’t recollect ever having any quite as delicious as that.”
Flattered, Lena poured him another glass and put some cookies on a plate for him. “I’m glad you enjoyed it Mr… What did you say your name was again?”
“Danny, Ma’am. Danny Johnson.”
“Well, you take your time filling out the paperwork and enjoy your tea,” Lena said, then turned her attention to Maddie. “So, what did the doctor say? I see you came home without your sling.”
Maddie poured herself a glass of tea and sat across from Danny. “The doc said I can slowly start using it again. He gave me a list of dos and don’ts so I’ll get started tomorrow on getting it back into shape.”
Lena leaned over and patted Maddie on the back. “That’s great news, kiddo. If you need help with anything, you just let me know.”
“Thanks, Aunt Lena.”
Danny finished up the simple application form and slid it over to Maddie with a wink. Picking up the paper, she took a drink of tea and nearly spewed it all over Danny and the table at his responses.

Name: Dan the cowboy man
Address: Somewhere in the Sticks
Alternate Address: Still in the Sticks
Phone: Call me anytime, partner
Position Sought: Cowboy and Farmer Dude
Available to Start: Right this minute
Desired Pay Range: You don’t even want to know
Are You Currently Employed: What do you think?
Education: Yep – I got one.
Special Skills or Other: I’ll select other.
References: I like you, does that count?

Giving him a hard glare and a shake of her head, she got up from the table. “Mr. Johnson, why don’t you come with me and I’ll show you around the place.”
“Sure thing, lil’ lady.” Danny swaggered to the door and held it open for her before tipping his hat at Lena. “Thank you for the tea and cookies, Ma’am. Much appreciated.”
“You’re very welcome,” Lena said, smiling broadly before turning back to her dinner preparations.
As Danny and Maddie walked toward the machine shed where Zach was likely to be found, they compared notes on the case. Before they went in the shed, Maddie leaned toward Danny and whispered. “I’ve got to hear all about this act, buster. It is too much.”
Danny just grinned.
Walking into the shed, Maddie called for her brother and heard him grunt from the far corner of the building where he was working on the baler.
“You back already, Maddie?”
“Yep, and I’ve got someone for you to meet.”
Zach looked up from his work and gave the stranger with Maddie a cool glare. Danny raised an eyebrow, but didn’t say anything.
“This is Danny. He’s going to be our new hired hand for a while,” Maddie said. Stepping close to Zach, she whispered, “Danny is my partner. We couldn’t ask for any one better to keep Aunt Lena and Dad safe.”
Zach nodded, grateful for the protection for his family. Whether Maddie accepted the fact or not, she was in as much danger as anyone and he wanted to keep her protected, too.
Wiping his hand on a rag, Zach extended it to Danny. “Nice to meet you, Danny. Looks like you are used to being a cowboy more than a farmer.”
Danny laughed. “Well,” he stretched the word out on a twang, “I know my way around a farm, too. I grew up on a wheat and cattle ranch. Although I preferred riding horses and chasing cows to riding the tractor, I think I can handle whatever you need help with.”
“Fair enough,” Zach said. “You can stay in the bunkhouse with Erik. He’s pretty quiet, seems to be a bit of a loner, but if you need help with anything farm related, he’s your man.”
“Sounds good. Where would you like me to start?” Danny asked, rolling up his shirt sleeves.
“Sure you don’t want to change your shirt. You’re likely to get it all greasy out here,” Zach said, looking at Danny’s nice shirt and jeans.
“It’s fine. I’m not afraid of a little grease or dirt.”
“Great. Then grab that wrench and help me get this thing back in place,” Zach said, pointing the screwdriver in his hand toward the toolbox.
“I’m heading back to the house,” Maddie said, leaving the men to the baler. She knew Danny wore a gun and would keep on the alert. She didn’t want to leave Aunt Lena alone for any length of time.
Walking back into the cool of the house, she found her aunt busy rolling out pie crust.
“Looks like we need to add another plate to the dinner table,” Maddie said, washing up at the sink and rinsing off the blueberries her aunt had set out to make filling.
“Zach gave Mr. Johnson the okay, then?”
“Yep. They are down in the machine shed right now, working on the baler.”
“Good. I keep trying to convince your dad to slow down a bit. With the extra help, maybe he will.”
“Maybe,” Maddie said, cocking her head to study her aunt. “But we both know it won’t happen.”
Lena laughed and finished rolling the crust. “Nope. It won’t. He’s got farming in his blood. Always has, always will. Just like your brother, and Erik. That one is a born farmer as well.”
Her aunt’s mention of Erik brought visions of the hard-working, quiet man spinning through Maddie’s thoughts. Images of strong, tanned fingers and thick, solid muscles made Maddie’s cheeks warm as she wondered what it would be like to feel those fingers touching hers. To run her hand across his chest. To be held in his arms.
“I don’t know what you are thinking about, but you’re face is about the color of a beet,” Lena teased. “Care to share?”
“No, I don’t.” Maddie fanned her face with a nearby magazine, chagrined.
Lena laughed. “That new hand you hired is really something, isn’t he? If I was thirty years younger, I might be fanning my face, too.”
Maddie smiled. She’d just let Lena think she was loopy over Danny. That way it kept her from being suspicious of her real feelings about Erik. It had been more than two years since Devin died and the same amount of time since she’d felt anything for any man. The overwhelming sensations created just by being near Erik were almost more than Maddie could bear. Of all the times and places to be interested in a man, now was not ideal. In her crazy life, there was never an ideal time for anything beyond focusing on work, especially with Zeus stalking her family.
Even knowing all that, Maddie felt helpless to control the tugging of her wayward heart toward one very appealing farmer.




Chapter Seven

Erik wanted to hate the new hand Danny. He was good looking in a way that made women follow him with a look of wanting in their eyes. Tall and athletic, of course he had to be charming, funny, and a cowboy.
Unfortunately, he was also a really nice guy and impossible to dislike, no matter how much Erik wanted to.
It wasn’t so much how he looked or acted that had Erik turning green with envy. It was what Lena had said about Maddie being quite taken with him. He got the idea Maddie didn’t lightly turn her affections toward anyone and the fact that she was interested in Danny was almost enough to make him pack up and hit the road.
Until Danny showed up and he and Maddie started spending time together, Erik hadn’t allowed himself to acknowledge his growing attraction to Maddie. Now that there was some very real competition, he knew he didn’t have a chance.
The fact that he cared made him realize he was finally ready to leave the past behind him and move forward with his life. A good first step would have been a date with Maddie, but now he was uncertain if she would consider going out with him. She and Danny seemed pretty cozy. He’d seen them talking on more than one occasion with their heads close together. All this thought about “will she or won’t she” made Erik feel like a junior in high school.
Watching Maddie walk out behind the barn, Erik wondered what she was up to, then heard the distinctive pop of a gun. Target practice? That definitely surprised him. Finishing up the work he was doing, he headed her direction.
Maddie decided if she did need to use her gun for protection, she was going to have to get in some practice. In the weeks she was waiting for her shoulder to heal she hadn’t shot her gun once.
Setting up targets behind the barn pointing toward a fallow section of a field where no one could get hurt, she decided to see if she could shoot one-handed, since her shoulder was still on the mend. She didn’t want to do anything to possibly reinjure it because a fast recovery was what she needed.
She was glad to have her Glock with her, the feel of the grip in her hand like the touch of an old friend.
Bracing herself, she tried to get a feel for it in one-hand before she sighted in on the paper target. Taking her time, she shot at it and deliberately missed. If anyone was watching her, she wanted them to think she couldn’t shoot.
She was actually picking dirt clods behind the targets and shooting them. So although she wasn’t hitting what appeared to be her targets, she was nailing her real targets with complete accuracy. Pleased with her progress, she was congratulating herself on a job well done when Erik walked up behind her.
“Getting in some target practice?” he asked, standing behind her.
Looking over her shoulder she smiled then caught her breath. He was bronzed from the summer sun and his golden eyes burned into hers with intensity unlike anything she had ever experienced. His T-shirt molded to his muscles and caused her to temporarily lose the ability to think, let alone speak.
Coming to stand close enough she could inhale the scent of hay, after shave, and man, he brushed her arm, sending electrical currents zinging through her. “I didn’t know you liked to shoot.”
“Oh, I used to. I haven’t done it for a while,” Maddie said. That much was true. Erik, as of yet, still didn’t know what Maddie did for a living. For his safety, and that of her family, she knew she needed to be honest with him about what she did as well as the danger he was in.
“Could be challenging to relearn with one hand,” Erik said, looking at her gun. Pointing to the weapon, he asked “May I?”
“Be my guest,” Maddie said, handing him the gun and taking a step to the side.
After admiring the Glock, Erik adjusted his stance, raised the gun and fired five shots in rapid succession. Maddie was caught off guard. Erik blasted five holes in one target in a pattern that was intentional.
Looking at him with wide eyes, he smiled at her, reloaded the gun from the box of ammo sitting on a fence post and handed it back to her
“I like to shoot sometimes,” Erik said, by way of an explanation.
“Sometimes? I think you must have had a little practice at it,” Maddie said with a grin.
“Maybe, a little. I used to shoot a lot with my friends when I was younger.”
“Oh, well, that was pretty impressive.”
“If you want, I could help you.”
For the first time in her life, Maddie felt pulled into the vortex of her feminine charms and decided to give them free reign.
“Could you? I mean, I’m just not sure the best way to go about this. Maybe you could show me,” she looked up at Erik through her thick eyelashes, but stopped short of batting them at him.
Erik moved behind her and put both arms around her. Bringing up the gun, he placed his hands over hers on the weapon, careful not to bump her injured shoulder, and leaned down so close his jaw touched her cheek. She could feel the hint of stubble rub on her skin and the sensation made her tingle from head to toe.
“If you just hold it like this,” Erik said, inhaling the scent that was all Maddie. He shouldn’t be here with her like this. Shouldn’t have put his arms around her. But it would take a force of nature to make him step back at this point. Maddie felt too good in his arms. He felt his heart pick up speed as he leaned nearer, the heat from her back seeping into his chest and making him feel things he thought he’d buried more than two years ago.
Turning her head slightly, her lips dangerously close to his, she whispered, “Like this?”
Erik tried to speak, but found he couldn’t, so he nodded his head. Swallowing hard, he helped her steady her hand, “Then set your sight like this.”
“Okay,” Maddie let out her breath.  She could outshoot just about anyone she wanted to with a handgun. She no more needed instruction on how to handle a gun than she needed step by step instructions on how to tie her shoes, but she was playing this for all she was worth. Being this close to Erik was just too tempting. And wonderful. And it felt so right to be in his arms. So much for her tough cop, need-no-man reputation.  It was about to go up in smoke.  “Am I doing it right?”
When she raised her baby blues to Erik, he thought his knees might buckle. He wanted so badly to kiss her, he could barely focus on anything but her lips and how soft and inviting they looked.
“You’re doing everything just right,” he said, his voice growing husky and low. Inhaling a steadying breath, he tried to focus on her shooting. “When you’re ready, pull the trigger.”
Maddie purposely missed the target she was supposed to be aiming at by several feet.
“Oh, that one didn’t go very well,” she said, trying to pout. She wasn’t good at this girlie stuff, but to keep Erik close, she was willing to try anything. “Maybe you can help me try again.”
“I’d be happy to,” Erik said, stepping just a little closer, putting his arms just a little tighter around her. The electrical current sparking between them would surely combust soon.
When Maddie’s second, third and fourth shots went wild, Erik smiled down at her. “You’re a good sport, Maddie. Keep practicing and you’ll get there.”
“Thanks,” Maddie said, grasping for ideas to keep Erik’s arms around her and not coming up with any. “Maybe you could help me practice.”
Erik smiled a warm, genuine smile that started at his generous lips and went all the way to his eyes. Maddie knew she was about to break her promise to herself to never get involved with another man. Instead of getting lost in the look Erik was giving her, she turned, carefully loading the gun.
Lifting it up and aiming at one of the targets, she buried five shots into it, all dead center.
When Erik looked at her in disbelief, she grinned. “I can shoot a gun just fine, but I think I’d like more of your lessons. Are you game?”
Erik laughed, placing his hands on her waist. “You are just full of surprises, aren’t you?”
“More than you can imagine,” she said, quite pleased at catching Erik by surprise.
“Where did you learn to shoot like that? And don’t tell me it was out here just shooting in your spare time.”
Maddie decided now was the time to tell Erik the truth about who she was and what she did. Taking his hand, she led him over to a couple of hay bales and sat down. He sat beside her, waiting.
“Erik, there’s something I need to tell you.”
He placed his hand on top of hers and gave it a gentle pat. “Sure, Maddie. What’s up?”
“I… um… wanted to tell you about my job. About where I learned to shoot like that.”
“Okay. What about your job? Zach said you work in Seattle.” Erik didn’t like the fact that Maddie’s face was so unreadable. It was like she had pulled a shutter over her eyes and closed herself off to any emotion. That was definitely not a good sign.
“I do work in Seattle. I love my job. Some people say I’m even pretty good at it,” Maddie said, still hesitant to tell him everything.
“And...” Erik was curious about what she did and how she had gotten hurt. He knew it wasn’t his place to pry and assumed when Maddie was ready, she would tell him.
“Erik, I’m a cop. A detective, actually.”
“Oh. Well, that explains your talent with the handgun,” Erik said, processing this bit of information. He was surprised by Maddie’s career, but not shocked. Her attitude, physical shape, and demeanor alluded to her profession. It certainly explained her ability to shoot like a professional marksman. “I think it’s great you are in law enforcement but I get the very distinct idea there is more you need to tell me.”
“Yes, there is.” Maddie took a deep breath and stared out across the field. Why was this so hard? The problem was when she told Erik about Zeus, she was afraid he’d pack up and leave and she would never see him again. That was what made her hands tremble and her heart trip. “Erik, I’ve been working on a case for three years and it has gotten pretty intense. In fact, this person that I’m chasing seems to have a personal vendetta against me. He’s the reason I’m home on leave.”
“What happened to your arm?” Erik asked.
“He sliced through my vest and sank his knife into my shoulder, twisting it a few times to make sure I got the message he wasn’t pleased with me.”
“Maddie,” Erik said in a low voice, beginning to understand the strength the tiny woman beside him possessed. “I’m so sorry.”
 “He killed my mother and my partner, and countless others. Some we’ll probably never know about.” Maddie shivered, but felt compelled to continue. “His name is Zeus and he is one of the most evil and demented psychopaths I’ve ever come across. He sent a threat to me a few weeks ago that Aunt Lena is next on his list.”
Erik sat up, his brow wrinkling in concern. It was one thing for some nut-job to be messing with Maddie in Seattle where she had the entire police force for protection. It was something else entirely when she was out on the farm with mile after mile of open space and no witnesses. A sudden need to protect and shelter her rose up in him.
“What does that mean? Is Lena in danger?” Erik finally asked. “Are you in danger? Are we all in danger?”
“Actually, we are. Anyone on the farm. Anyone associated with me. We haven’t been able to track down any leads that will help us catch him, yet. So now we are basically waiting for him to make the next move. If you want to leave, I understand. I don’t want to put you into any more danger than I already have. I’m worried about what he might do to you.”
Erik let out his breath, trying to keep his temper in check. “How could you not tell me about this Maddie? Were you afraid I was the bad guy? Were you convinced I’m not trustworthy? It is more than unfair of you to put me into a position like this.”
“I know and I’m sincerely and truly sorry. I had no right not to tell you, but I just wanted to make sure I could trust you first.”
“Can you, Maddie? Can you trust me?” Erik’s eyes had grown dark and cold.
Maddie studied Erik. He had every right to be angry at her. If he walked back to the bunkhouse, packed and left, she couldn’t blame him at all. “I know I can trust you. But I wouldn’t blame you if you leave and never look back.”
Erik leaned back and tried to digest what Maddie was saying. It was hard to shift gears from thinking he was flirting with a pretty girl to having a conversation about a madman on the loose with his gun pointed in their direction.
Sending up a quick prayer for patience and guidance, Erik once again took Maddie’s hand in his. “I’m not going anywhere, Maddie. I care about you and your family. But you’ve got to be honest with me and let me know what I can do to help. Walking around waiting to be blindsided isn’t exactly my style.”
“I’m sorry, Erik. I should have told you sooner. I just didn’t… I,” Maddie gulped in air. Feeling way out of her comfort zone, she wasn’t used to sharing what she was thinking and feeling with others. “I didn’t want you to leave. I didn’t want to lose you before I had the chance to know you.”
Erik’s heart thudded in response to what Maddie said.  Giving her a warm smile, he squeezed her hand, his temper cooling considerably. “I appreciate you telling me that. Now, let’s talk about what we need to do to keep safe.”
“That’s the thing, Erik. Zeus is unpredictable. He’s violent and thinks nothing about shooting someone in cold blood. Just like he did my mother. He warned me to back off the case and when I didn’t he hunted her down and shot her in her car on the way home from town. The back seat was full of groceries. Then he sent me pictures of it so I could see what he’d done.”
Erik groaned. No one should have to see something like that. No one.
“We had a set up with one of his men. It was the perfect scenario, but something tipped him off and he ran. My partner chased him down to the waterfront. They both went off the end of the pier and neither one of them was ever found. Another good man lost his life trying to find them. He was Danny’s partner.”
At Erik’s look of surprise, she offered a crooked smile. “Danny isn’t really a cowboy or a hired hand and he most certainly isn’t from Texas with that ridiculous twang. He’s here to help keep us safe. His partner Glen tried to save my partner, Devin, who was shot right before he went in the water. That was the last time I saw him. We got a tip in May about a deal going down with Zeus and almost had him. I could have shot him between the eyes if I hadn’t hesitated for just an instant. Instead, he pulled a knife on me, dragged me down the alley, and then gave me a scar that will forever remind me that he is a mentally unbalanced, evil scumbag. Danny and I are committed to ending this with Zeus, but we don’t know how long it is going to take. I told Zach what is going on. I realize we need to tell Dad and Lena for their own safety’s sake, but I wanted to tell you myself. Alone. To give you the opportunity to walk away.”
“I won’t walk, Maddie. If and when I decide to leave, I’ll be sure to let you know,” Erik said, leaning closer to her. “But right now, I’m staying.”
“I’m glad,” Maddie whispered.
“First, I think we need to find this Zeus,” Erik said, putting his hands on his knees and studying Maddie intently. “Now tell me everything I need to know.”
Maddie filled Erik in on the case details she could share. It was a great relief to finally be honest with Erik.
“I’m really sorry, Erik. By the time I knew I could trust you, I… um… was…” Maddie stuttered, trying to find the right words without sounding like a complete dolt.
“You were what?” Erik didn’t cut her any slack. “Blown away by my charm? Astounded by my good looks? Overwhelmed by my witty conversations?”
Maddie laughed.  “All the above. And your muscles. Don’t forget your muscles.”
“What about them, Madelyn?” Erik kept his voice teasing although his temperature was on the rise and his heart was pounding.
“They can be pretty impressive. Sometimes,” Maddie said with a shy glance that made her look way too enticing.
Erik flexed his arm and made her laugh. “Only sometimes?”
“Most of the time,” Maddie said, blushing. How had the conversation taken a turn this direction? She was so disconcerted, she could hardly think.
“Well, I won’t let it go to my head,” Erik said, flexing his biceps and wiggling his eyebrows at her.
Maddie put her hands on the bulging muscles, squeezing lightly. She knew she was playing with fire, but couldn’t seem to stop herself. Erik tugged her onto his lap, capturing her lips in a kiss that was unlike anything she had ever experienced before. The very air around them felt charged as heat snapped between them. 
When Erik finally set her on her feet, he stood, took a step back, and grinned. “I know I shouldn’t have done that but I can’t seem to muster up an ounce of regret.” With that, he turned and walked back to the work waiting for him.

<><><>

Running the swather and watching hay fall into neat windrows behind him gave Erik a strong sense of satisfaction. No matter what else he excelled at or was challenged by, he did know farming. It was something he could do in his sleep and quite often did in his dreams.
Watching dust fog down the narrow lane from the house, he was surprised to see Maddie park the four-wheeler at the end of the field.
When he got to the end of the row, he turned the machine around, killed the switch and climbed down.
“Hey, Maddie, what are you doing out here?” he asked, trying to sound friendly and lighthearted, even though he’d rather brood. They hadn’t had any time alone for days and he still was trying to work through his feelings. He was overcoming guilt for his interest in another woman. Erik knew it wasn’t rational, but part of him felt like he was cheating on Sheila by even looking at Maddie. He was still a little miffed that she hadn’t trusted him sooner. Then there was the fear of being stalked by a madman.
It all boiled down into a really confusing mess of emotions. For now, though, he was glad to see Maddie and surprised she had come all the way out here to check on him.
Taking off his gloves and ball cap, he stuffed them in his back pockets before running his hands through his hair, creating a tousled mess that Maddie thought was entirely appealing.
She grinned and held up a paper sack. “Aunt Lena made chocolate chip cookies and said you were partial to them, so I brought you out a couple along with some iced tea.”
“You didn’t have to do that, but I appreciate it,” Erik said, leaning against the four-wheeler and taking the sack from Maddie. Biting into a still-warm cookie with chocolate chips melting like little lumps of decadent lava, he closed his eyes and enjoyed the experience.
Opening them, he locked gazes with Maddie. She stood unmoving, watching him, falling into the pools of hot amber honey that stared back at her.
She wasn’t sure what had gotten into her today, but as soon as Lena mentioned that Erik liked chocolate chip cookies, Maddie could hardly wait for them to come out of the oven so she could take him a few. She knew he was swathing hay on a back section of the place and decided it wouldn’t hurt to ride out and make sure all was fine. Danny was working at the shop and would keep an eye on the house and Aunt Lena while Zach and her dad had gone off to a farm sale.
Unwilling to closely examine her motives or reasoning, she filled an insulated jug with iced tea and a sack with the cookies and took off before she could talk herself out of it.
Now that she was out here, she was very glad she came. She hadn’t been able to spend much time getting to know Erik, but what she knew about him piqued her interest in a way no one had for a very long time.
Everything Maddie needed to know about Erik could be summed up in the way he treated Boone, his dog. He was gentle and kind with the dog, making sure the animal’s needs were all met. He never let the dog get into a position where he could be hurt, yet gave the dog plenty of opportunity to play and have fun. Erik would have been a wonderful father and most likely was an amazing husband.
Considering him as husband material caused Maddie’s heart to pound. Before she could think about what she was doing, she reached up and wiped a bit of melted chocolate from the corner of his mouth, letting her finger graze along his bottom lip.
Just for a moment she forgot where they were. Why she was here. Who was most likely watching them. Just for a moment she was a lonely woman very attracted to a solid, good man.
It was in that moment that Erik watched the emotions tumble across Maddie’s usually unreadable face and saw a reflection of his own wanting there. Keeping his stance relaxed, he set down the sack of cookies then slowly reached out and put his arms around Maddie’s waist, drawing her to him. Waiting for resistance that never came, he lowered his head to hers, tasting her lips gently, softly. They were even sweeter than he dreamed. Feeling Maddie run her small hands up his arms and tug down on his neck, he deepened the kiss, pulling her flush against him. Explosions of heat and fire sizzled in the fraction of space separating their bodies. When Erik finally pulled away, they both stood catching their breath, unsettled by the intensity of what had passed between them.
“Maddie, I’m…” before he could apologize, she put her fingers on his lips, effectively silencing him.
“Don’t, Erik.” Maddie couldn’t believe what had just happened. Depths of emotion she’d never felt were washing over her in waves that threatened to pull her off balance. “Please, don’t.”
He took her hand in his, kissed her palm then smiled at her. “I wouldn’t mind if you brought me a treat like that every day,” he said, making her release a choppy laugh.
“Right,” Maddie said, regaining her emotional footing. “If I did that, these windrows would look like a drunken idiot had been out here working. Nope, Farmer Man, you’ve got to keep your focus.”
“Focus. Uh, huh,” Erik said, taking a long drink of tea. Maddie watched him tip back the jug and swallow, his Adam’s apple moving up and down. Sweat trickled along his neck and muscles tightened in his arm holding up the jug.
The virility of his mannerisms was making heat pool in her middle and her toes tingle.
Holding the jug of tea in one hand, Erik put his other hand on Maddie’s waist and gave it a gentle squeeze. Before he could lose all nerve, he decided to voice what was on his mind. “Would you be interested in having dinner with me in town Friday? Just the two of us? We could go somewhere nice.”
Maddie nodded her head, surprised Erik would ask but happy that he did. “I’d like that very much.”
“Great,” Erik said, not sure his feet were touching the ground. He had avoided his attraction for Maddie for weeks and was tired of pretending there wasn’t something going on between them.  After her shooting lesson the other day, he hadn’t been able to get Maddie off his mind. Even if it only lasted for the summer, he wanted to see where this relationship could go.
“I’ll be ready by six,” Maddie said
Rather than take a step forward into Erik and see if he would kiss her again, Maddie took a step back. “I better get back to the house or Lena will send out the troops.”
“I thought the troops were at a farm sale,” Erik said, setting the empty jug back on the four-wheeler.
“Danny’s working in the shop,” Maddie said, strapping the jug down and climbing back on the four-wheeler.
“Are you safe driving around in the open like this?”
“No, but then again, Zeus could pick off any one of us any time he chooses. I can’t hide in the house and wait to see what happens, Erik. We all just have to keep right on doing what needs done around here. You sure you don’t want to get out of here while you still can?”
“As crazy as it may sound, I’m staying, Maddie. Let me help you.”
Maddie nodded through the tears that filled her eyes and gave Erik a watery smile. “Thank you for being such a good man.”
“I don’t know about that, but I think I’d like to be your man,” Erik said with a boldness that shocked him. Where those words came from, he had no idea, and right now he’d like to snatch them back.
Maddie felt something inside her melt, a dam break in her heart, and emotions she’d never felt before well up until she thought she might burst. She had thought herself in love with Devin, but she realized she had confused infatuation with love.
This all-consuming feeling for Erik, Maddie realized, was the beginnings of real love.
“I think I might like that too,” Maddie whispered, raising her hand to his cheek and letting it linger there for a moment.
Erik turned his head and kissed her palm rubbing his hands gently across her back while staring into her warm blue eyes.
Standing on tiptoe, Maddie pulled his head down for a quick kiss. Starting the four-wheeler she turned and left Erik standing in a cloud of dust, watching her go.




Chapter Eight

By the time five-thirty rolled around Friday evening, Maddie had tried on every piece of clothing in her closet, fussed with her hair which was now a frizzed mess, and was ready to call off her date with Erik.
In her undercover work, she had dressed in everything from seductive evening gowns to the rags of a homeless man, but tonight nothing she put on seemed right. She wasn’t big on wearing a lot of makeup, but she wanted to look nice. She wanted this evening to go well and so far she was a nervous wreck, complete with wild hair and mismatched clothes.
Lena finally came into the room, surveyed the disaster and gave Maddie an intense look. “Well, kiddo, seems you’re wires are strung a bit tight this evening. Anything I can help with?”
Biting her lip to keep from shooting her aunt a sarcastic response, Maddie finally nodded her head.  “I can’t find a thing to wear, my hair is completely unmanageable and Erik is picking me up at six for a nice dinner. I can’t go looking like this.”
Lena had the audacity to laugh, setting Maddie’s teeth on edge. “Nope. You certainly can’t go looking like that.”
Maddie was in the midst of changing from one outfit to another and wore a sparkly blouse with holey jeans, a cowboy boot and one high heel.
Huffing a sigh of irritation, Maddie collapsed on the bed. “I think I better just stay home. I’m starting to feel sick.”
“Sure you are,” Lena agreed caustically. “Isn’t your nickname Mad Dog? I’d assume that means you’re tough and take charge. So get tough and take charge of this mess you’ve made. You don’t want to keep a fine man like Erik waiting. Although I was convinced it was Danny who had you all twitterpated.”
Maddie glared at her aunt. She knew she shouldn’t be going out on a date with Erik when Zeus was no doubt lingering around, waiting for his opportunity to strike. But it had been weeks and nothing had happened. She hadn’t received any more messages from him, so she decided to take a chance and actually enjoy the evening. After all, she felt like she had spent the last several years with her life on hold, completely focused on catching him.
She wanted just one night of normalcy. One night to remember what it was like to be admired by a handsome man and made to feel special.
Sucking in a sigh, she turned to Lena. “Help me figure this out, Aunt Lena. Please?”
Lena smiled and looked around the room. Stepping over a pile of discarded clothes, she pulled up a simple black dress. Sleeveless with a sweetheart neckline and fitted bodice, Lena held it out to Maddie.
“Put this on,” Lena commanded. While Maddie was changing, Lena dug around in her own jewelry box and returned with a sparkly black onyx necklace. Fastening it around Maddie’s neck, she pushed her down onto a chair in front of her dresser and combed her hair back into an upswept style, securing Maddie’s short waves with bobby pins until it was all contained.
Maddie sat admiring her aunt’s handiwork in the mirror. “It looks great, Aunt Lena. What would I do without you?”
“Greet that poor boy looking like a fashion train wreck, that’s what,” Lena said, digging in the closet for shoes. She pulled out a pair of black heels. “Put these on and you are ready to go.”
Maddie stepped into the shoes that added four inches to her petite height and smoothed down her dress. Spritzing on her favorite perfume, she gave her cheeks a light dusting of blush and picked up a black evening bag.
“I guess I’m as ready as I can be,” Maddie said, noticing the clock said it was six. Taking one more glance in the mirror, Maddie made sure her scar wasn’t visible around the edges of the dress. Pleased that it was covered, she released a relieved sigh and walked out the bedroom door.
Lena went downstairs ahead of Maddie and had just set her foot on the landing when the front doorbell rang.
Looking back up the stairs at Maddie, Lena smiled. “Your prince has arrived.”
“Lena, behave,” Maddie warned her aunt, carefully descending the stairs. She rarely wore heels, unless she was undercover, and found it challenging to walk in them. It was going to take a lot of concentration to stay upright and not trip. “I hope I don’t turn into a pumpkin before he gets me back home.”
Lena laughed and opened the door. “Come right on in, Erik. Maddie’s ready to go.”
Erik stepped into the foyer and watched Maddie walk down the stairs, looking movie-star glamorous. He hoped she wouldn’t be embarrassed to be seen with him in his pressed blue jeans, white button down shirt and light gray sports jacket with gray cowboy boots. This farmer was used to T-shirts, work boots and comfortable jeans, so his current attire was about as dressed up as he planned to get. He had forgotten he even had the sports jacket with him when he franticly searched through his limited wardrobe earlier in the day.
Maddie nearly stumbled on the last step when she spied Erik waiting by the door. He looked so handsome in his jeans, crisp shirt and jacket. She reached out and accepted the hand he held to her, tingling from the warmth of his fingers wrapped around hers.
Erik leaned down and kissed her cheek, inhaling her sweet scent. “You look gorgeous, Madelyn.”
She smiled at him, thrilled at the way her name sounded on his lips – feminine and lovely.
“Shall we go?” she asked, walking to the door. Calling to Lena, she said, “We won’t be late, see you later.”
“Take your time, kiddo, and have fun.”
Erik had washed his pickup and pulled it up to the end of the sidewalk. He held open the passenger side door and helped Maddie climb in before closing the door and running around to the driver’s side.
“I hope you don’t mind, but I made a reservation for us in town,” Erik said, casting Maddie a sideways glance, barely able to focus on anything except how beautiful she looked. With her golden hair, big blue eyes, rosy cheeks and that amazing dress, Erik wasn’t sure how he would be able to keep his eyes on the road. Why she agreed to go out with him was beyond his ability to comprehend. 
She was definitely way out of his league - even if he had a clue as to what exactly his league was these days. It had been a while since he had asked anyone on a date. More than a dozen years, in fact. Once he married Sheila he thought all the nervous drama and sweaty palms of dating would be behind him. Now, here he was, a man in his thirties starting all over again.
The fact that he was ready to start over was not lost on him. It had been way too long since he’d even cared.
Maddie looked at him with a soft light in her eyes and smiled. “So where are you taking me for dinner, Farmer Man? A burger joint? Maybe to get a sandwich?”
“Nope?”
“Don’t tell me. You’re taking me to one of the taco wagons.”
Erik laughed. “Wrong again.”
“Well, are you going to keep me in suspense or tell me?” Maddie said, tugging at the hem of her skirt. She was uncomfortable and uncertain in the outfit. Jeans and shirts that allowed her to have a wide range of motion were more here style. You couldn’t chase anybody down in four-inch heels and she wasn’t sure she liked being encased in the little black dress her aunt had chosen.
“I’m going to let you keep guessing.” Erik sent a smile her direction that made her stomach flutter.
Maddie looked out the window and realized they were getting close to town. Erik took the Second Avenue exit and pulled into the parking lot at the famed Marcus Whitman Hotel.
Known by locals as the place to go for a nice dinner, Maddie was surprised Erik chose The Marc Restaurant for their first date.
“Wow, Erik, this is impressive,” Maddie said as he opened her door and helped her out of the pickup. “Have you been in here before?”
“No, I haven’t. But I’ve heard it is something to see and the food is supposed to be good, too,” Erik said, waiting as Maddie tugged at her dress before taking her hand in his. “Zach mentioned they have a new chef that is really talented. Do you mind eating here?”
“No, not at all. I’ve never eaten here before, so this should be fun.”
They walked down the sidewalk glancing at the patio lamps and outdoor seating before going in the door to the hotel’s grand lobby.
“This is amazing,” Erik said, studying the building’s 1920s architecture. Gleaming wood, polished floors and rich décor created a warm and inviting atmosphere.
Maddie and Erik admired the lobby as they walked toward the door to the restaurant. Greeted by a smiling hostess, Erik gave her his name and reservation time. They were shown to a booth and Erik waited for Maddie to be seated before sitting down across from her.
“I had no idea there was a place like this in town,” Erik said. He loved anything old including buildings, farm equipment, photographs, and antiques. It was something he missed from his farm where his own family’s history surrounded him.
“It is quite lovely, isn’t it?” Maddie said, looking through the menu.
The waitress brought them water, gave them the verbal list of specials and left them alone to decide on what to order.
Maddie finally selected a pasta entrée while Erik went right for the beef.
“I bet you always order steak or something that at one time mooed,” Maddie teased.
“Maybe. I bet you always order something that I couldn’t pronounce and most likely wouldn’t want to eat.”
“Not always,” Maddie said, taking a sip of her water and looking around. The décor of the restaurant echoed the rest of the hotel with rich wine country colors, gleaming wood and soft lighting. It definitely provided a romantic atmosphere. She liked that the booths made their seating area seem private and cozy.
A gentleman approached their table and introduced himself as the restaurant manager. He offered to bring them a wine list, which they declined. Although she and Erik weren’t interested in the wine, the manager did visit with them briefly and wished them a pleasant evening.
“Very personable, aren’t they?” Erik appreciated the attentive service. He usually ate at places where the waitress flung the food on the table and called him “hon,” which he hated.
He and Maddie talked about the crops, Walla Walla, the weather and most of the general, safe topics couples grasped for on their first date.
Once their food arrived, they managed to stay focused on the excellent meal. When the chef stopped by their table to see if they were enjoying their dinner, they let him know how exceptional both the food and service had been. He encouraged them to finish off their evening with something from the dessert menu and Maddie was in the mood to accept his recommendation.
Savoring every bite of her cheesecake, Maddie was glad to see Erik enjoy his chocolate dessert. Feeling stuffed, they decided to sit and talk for a few minutes, letting their dinner settle before leaving.
A few minutes soon turned to more than an hour. Over coffee, they sat and visited, teased and laughed until Erik stood up and gave Maddie his hand. As they stepped out the door, they both thanked the hostess.
“You feel up to a walk?” Maddie asked, as they came back out onto Second Avenue.
“Sure? What have you got in mind?” Erik asked, holding her hand firmly in his, appreciating a peaceful summer evening with a beautiful girl on his arm.
“Just a stroll down Main Street. It’s kind of fun to browse along the store windows.”
“Let’s go,” Erik said, as they crossed the street and walked down the block. They wandered, discussing window displays, books they enjoyed, even a few childhood memories. Realizing it was getting late, they sauntered back to the hotel parking lot and Erik’s pickup.
On the drive home they were both quiet, lost in their thoughts. Erik stopped the pickup at the end of the sidewalk. Unsure as to who would be watching, he gave Maddie a quick kiss on her cheek before going around and opening her door.
Walking her up the steps, he stopped outside the front door on the broad porch. Looking at his boots, he felt like he was 15 again, walking home his first date. Married for more than ten years, Erik thought he was well past the point of being nervous around women. But for the life of him, he couldn’t figure out why his palms were sweaty or why his heart was pounding so loudly in his chest. He was sure Maddie could hear the traitorous thumping. It was ridiculous for a man his age to be mooning after Maddie like a love-struck teen.
Mustering up his courage, he raised his head and got lost in her warm blue eyes. “Thanks for a great evening, Maddie. I’m glad we had a chance to talk.”
“Thank you for a lovely dinner, Erik. It was one of the best I’ve ever had. I appreciate the opportunity to spend some time together, to get to know you a little better.”
“Me, too. I can’t tell you when I’ve enjoyed an evening more.”
“I’m very glad,” Maddie whispered, then put her hands around Erik’s neck, pulling him down so she could give him a quick kiss. When their lips touched, though, the kiss was anything but quick and left them both breathless in the porch light, stunned by the sparks snapping between them.
“I think this is where I say goodnight,” Erik said, trying to remember how to breathe and speak as he squeezed her hand. “Thanks, Maddie. Sweet dreams.”
“You, too.”
Maddie watched him walk back to his pickup. Before he opened the door she called to him. “For a Farmer Man, you aren’t too bad.”
Erik laughed and drove on to the bunkhouse.

<><><>

Maddie was walking back to the house with the mail when a small, plain brown envelope addressed to her made her catch her breath. Unwilling to react where she could be seen, she continued her stroll back to the house although her heart was pounding so hard, she thought it might explode.
Stepping into the kitchen, she could hear Lena putting another load of clothes in the washer in the laundry room. Sinking down at the table, she dropped the rest of the mail and slowly opened the envelope. The police analyzed the first half-dozen envelopes for any sign of something that would lead them to Zeus. Maddie knew this envelope, like the others, would offer up no clues.
With her name machine printed on a label in block letters, there wasn’t any handwriting to examine. Zeus used a pre-moistened sealer on the envelopes. Forensics had tracked down the exact brand which turned out to be a common one sold at most office supply stores.
Pulling out the small card with the QR code, Maddie scanned it with her phone and waited to see what devastation to her life Zeus was about to unleash.
Still shots, placed into a movie format, scrolled across her screen. Maddie couldn’t breathe. The photos were of her and Erik. There was a photo of his arms around her while they were shooting, of them kissing in the hayfield, and several photos from them eating dinner and walking along Main Street the other evening.
Maddie sat in stunned silence. The message at the end did nothing to alleviate her fears.

Hope you enjoyed your dinner at the lovely Marcus Whitman the other night. Your backwater town produces some very tasty wine. Too bad you didn’t have a glass, but you looked quite ravishing. Did the hick appreciate your efforts at being a woman instead of a cop? How nice to see you’ve so quickly replaced your former love, Pretty Boy Policeman. Just so you know, he died with your name on his lips. Maddie, dear, when will it be my turn to savor your affections? Maybe I need to make sure you don’t have any distractions. Maybe the hick needs to say goodbye…

Erik needed to leave, now, for his own safety. Maddie would make him leave. She’d put him in protective custody. She couldn’t bear the thought of something happening to him. Her heart wouldn’t survive if Zeus made good on his threat.
Tears pouring down her cheeks, she laid her head on her arms and cried for the first time in a very long while.
“Maddie? Kiddo, what’s wrong?” Lena asked, placing a warm hand on her back as she sat beside her. Seeing the envelope and QR code on the table, Lena didn’t need to ask any more questions. Maddie had told her and Ethan everything. They were both being much more careful and cautious, but Lena had hoped Zeus would tire of the toying with them and move on. Evidently, he hadn’t tired of the game at all.
“Maddie, what is it now? What did it say?”
“It’s Erik,” Maddie whispered, handing her phone to her aunt, so she could watch the video. “He’s got to leave. Now. While he still can.”
“Do you think he’s any safer somewhere else than he is right here? If Zeus wants him dead, will it matter where he goes?”
“No,” Maddie said, anger starting to chase away her fear. “I don’t know that it would make a bit of difference to Zeus.  I’ve got to call and let the team know about this, Aunt Lena. Then I’ve got to figure out how to keep Erik safe. I can’t be responsible for someone else I love dying.”
Lena grabbed Maddie’s arms and gave her a squeeze. “You’re not responsible, Maddie. Zeus is responsible. You are just doing your job and we all know that he’ll stop at nothing to get to you. You can’t, even for a minute, think any of this is your fault, Madelyn Weber, because it isn’t.”
“Thanks, Aunt Lena,” Maddie said, giving her aunt a hug.
Going up to her room, she called Tom and sent him the video. “What do you think we should do, Tom? Should I send Erik away or ask him to stay? I don’t know which will put him in greater jeopardy?”
“If he is agreeable, I think he should stay. Don’t show your fear. Keep on doing the everyday things required of the farm. It will make Zeus think he isn’t getting to you.”
“You’re right. I’m sorry, Tom. I shouldn’t have gotten involved with Erik. I should have kept my focus solely on this case. I…”
“Maddie, enough! You haven’t had a life in years, not since you started chasing Zeus. You’re supposed to be on medical leave recuperating from the wound he inflicted and I, for one, am glad to see you find someone who knows what you do, yet still wants to stick around. This Erik sounds like a pretty great guy. Not everyone would continue to stay on the farm knowing a psychopath could blow them away at any given moment.”
Maddie sighed. “I know, Tom, but…”
“No buts about it, Mad Dog. You don’t let that farmer get away without a fight.” Maddie could hear the humor in her boss’s voice. “In the meantime, since I know you won’t stop working on the case, why don’t you see if anyone at the restaurant remembers Zeus? He’s got to be staying somewhere in town. Maybe you can find something on him. I’ll send you the sketch we did of him based on the info you gave us from the night he stabbed you. Show it around town and see what you can find.”
“Will do.”
“And Maddie?”
“Yeah?”
“Quit beating yourself up over this. None of it is your fault. Why he has chosen to target you, no one knows, but don’t let it get to you. I’ll get the sketch to you before the day is over. Be careful.”
“Thanks, Tom.”
Maddie disconnected her call from Tom and sat watching the video again and again. To get the photos Zeus had taken in the restaurant, he had to be sitting in a booth directly across from them. She decided she’d go to the hotel tomorrow and see if she could question anyone who was working that evening.
Calling the sheriff, she updated him on the case and let him know what she was planning. He agreed it was a good idea and offered to go with her if she wanted, which she declined.  When she finished up her call with him, the sketch had arrived from Tom. Going downstairs, she hooked her phone up to the office computer and printed out the image.
Just looking at the sketch brought back every horrid moment of the night Zeus stabbed her. Lena found her sitting there, studying it, rubbing her hand across her shoulder.
“Is that him?” Lena asked, looking over Maddie’s shoulder.
“Yes. Or as close as I can remember to what he looked like.”
“He’d almost be handsome if his eyes didn’t look so cold and dead,” Lena said, absently. “The blackness of his soul seems to come out in his face, doesn’t it?”
“Yes, it does.”
“Everything will be fine, kiddo. You always get what you go after. This time it’s just taking a little longer,” Lena said, rubbing her hand comfortingly along Maddie’s back.
“But how many more people are going to have to die before we catch him? Why has he chosen to target me? None of it makes any sense? I can’t think of one reason for him to have this personal vendetta against me.”
“The mind of a deranged man isn’t supposed to make sense, is it?”
“No,” Maddie said with a sigh, running her hand across her eyes. She was so tired of chasing Zeus. So tired of wondering and worrying who would be next. So tired of looking behind her every time she left the house. She just wanted to be free to live again.
After dinner, the six of them sat around the table, discussing how they would approach work the next day. Erik would go with Maddie to the hotel and Danny would stay close to Lena while Zach and Ethan would work as usual.
When everyone had gone their separate ways for the evening, Maddie sat in the living room with Erik on the couch. She needed to talk to him, needed to know his thoughts.
“If you want to leave Erik, I won’t make you stay.” Maddie knew she’d never be the same if he left, but she wouldn’t dwell on that. Not now.
“I know you wouldn’t, which is why I’m staying. He could kill me any time, any place, Maddie. If I’ve become a hunted man, I’ll stay here, where I can help protect your family. Unless you think it puts you in more danger.”
Maddie looked into Erik’s golden eyes, unable to comprehend someone so selfless and giving. “You shouldn’t be worried about me, Erik. I’ll be fine. But I’m afraid for you.”
“I know you are Maddie. I’m afraid for all of us, but letting fear overtake us won’t help anything, will it?”
“No. I just don’t want anything to happen to you. If it did…” Maddie’s voice broke and a lone tear rolled own her cheek.
“Aww, Maddie,” Erik said, pulling her into his arms. She found such comfort and warmth there, she didn’t want him to ever let go. Erik pressed a kiss to the top of her head and held her close. “We’ll get through this together and then maybe you and I can focus on something besides Zeus.”
“Like what?” Maddie asked, her head against Erik’s solid chest.
“Like us.”
“I like the sound of that,” Maddie said, raising her lips to Erik’s and giving him a warm kiss. “I’m so sorry to have put you in danger. I wouldn’t have done it for anything in the world, had I known Zeus was watching so closely.”
“I know you wouldn’t,” Erik said, sitting quietly for a few minutes. “Maddie, you mind playing that video for me again?”
Maddie pulled her phone from her pocket and she and Erik watched it through three more times. Based on the photos taken at the farm, Maddie thought they could narrow down the locations of where the photos could possibly have been captured. She hoped maybe they could find a tire track, anything, that would lead them closer to Zeus.
“It’s just a matter of time before he makes a mistake,” Maddie said, thinking about what this latest message from Zeus meant. “He’s feeling threatened by you. He’s running out of patience. He’s getting a little careless. He is going to slip up and when he does, I’ll be there to take him down.”
“And I’ll be here, right beside you,” Erik said, lowering his head to Maddie’s once more. When their kisses became more urgent and demanding, Erik pulled back and sucked in his breath. “I think I better go on out to the bunkhouse while I can still think straight enough to walk there.”
Maddie smiled and walked him to the door. “Dream a good dream, Farmer Man.”
“You can bet I will, Madelyn. I’ll be dreaming of you.”




Chapter Nine

Maddie and Erik met with the restaurant manager at the Marcus Whitman Hotel. He pulled the schedule of who worked the night Maddie was there with Erik. Personally working the floor that evening and busy with the crowd, he hadn’t lingered long at any one table. 
Maddie and Erik remembered his friendly, though brief, chat with them that evening.
Showing him the sketch, Maddie asked if he remembered seeing a man that resembled the one in the drawing. He didn’t.
Maddie asked if they could look around the restaurant and he escorted them inside. Sitting in the booth where she and Erik ate dinner, Maddie looked around. The way the booths were set up, Zeus had to have been sitting directly across from them to get such a clear photo. The booths were deep enough that if he was sitting one over either direction, he wouldn’t have been able to take such a direct shot.
“Is there any way to figure out who was sitting at that booth Friday night, between 6:30 and 8?”
“No, not specifically. I’m sorry.”
“Well, what if the person sitting there was interested in wine? Do you get a lot of wine sales?”
The manager chuckled. “This is Walla Walla. It’s all about the wine.”
“Right,” Maddie said, her mind working over what few details they did know. Looking at Erik, he seemed to be lost in thought.
“Just for the sake of playing this through,” Erik said, “Let’s say whoever sat at this booth fancied himself as quite a connoisseur of good wine. He’s probably not worried about the cost. What bottle would he order?”
“We’ve got a few higher end choices,” the restaurant manager said, pulling out a wine list and turning pages. He pointed to a listing for a special reserve wine that was priced at almost $200.
Maddie looked at the list. “How many bottles of these do you sell in an average evening?”
“Not many,” the restaurant manager said. “I do remember one of the girls saying an older gentleman ordered a bottle, drank a glass and then left the rest. Most people buying that particular bottle aren’t going to waste it. He was sitting on the opposite side of the restaurant from you, but I don’t remember in exactly which booth.”
“Do you remember what the gentleman looked like?” Maddie asked, thinking they might finally be on to a lead.
“He was probably in his late 60s, early 70s, gray hair and tall. I do remember thinking he appeared pretty fit for someone his age. He seemed to prefer to be left alone. I remember the girls commenting on that.”
“Great. Anything else you remember?” Maddie asked, taking notes. “Anything at all?”
“He paid in cash. I remember he left the waitress a generous tip.”
“One last question,” Maddie said. “Do you know if that gentleman is staying here at the hotel?”
“I don’t believe so, but we can ask at the front desk.” Leading them to the front desk and speaking with the front office manager, it was soon decided that the gentleman in question was not a guest of the hotel.
“If you remember anything else, or your staff remembers anything, please give me a call,” Maddie said, handing over a card with her cell phone number on it. “Thank you for your cooperation and your time.”
Erik and Maddie drove out to the airport and checked with security to see if anyone recognized Zeus’ sketch. Maddie asked about an older gentleman, using the description the restaurant manager gave her.
“Ma’am, you’ve just described quite a few of our passengers. Without a photo or some attribute that would make him stand out from the crowd, we can’t help you out.”
“I understand,” Maddie said and thanked him for his time.
“Where to next?” Erik asked as he held the door for Maddie and helped her climb into his pickup. As tiny as she was, he was glad he had installed a step on his pickup for Sheila. She always complained about trying to crawl into his big pickup. Maddie didn’t seem to notice at all.
“Let’s run by John’s office,” Maddie said as they left the airport.
Finding John out, Maddie left him a note to give her a call when he had time.
Leaving the sheriff’s office, Maddie suddenly wondered how Zeus seemed to know her every move. He couldn’t be watching her round the clock and she seriously doubted he had anyone else staking out the farm. The type of guys he usually had surrounding him would not put their feet on anything that wasn’t paved asphalt, no matter how much Zeus was paying.
“Erik, would you mind stopping at that store, there,” Maddie said, pointing to a grocery store. “I want to run in and grab a few things.”
“Sure,” Erik said, pulling in and parking. When he started to speak, Maddie held her finger to her lips and motioned him to get out. Hurrying out her side before Erik had a chance to help her down, she grabbed his hand and nearly ran into the grocery store. Dragging Erik down an empty aisle, she stopped midway.
“I think Zeus may have bugged the house, quite possibly your pickup. Goodness only knows what else.”
Erik looked at Maddie, surprised and stunned. He had watched quite a few cop shows on TV, but actually living through being hunted by a demented killer was completely different. He felt violated. His sense of self-protection and security deflated as he thought about what all Zeus may have heard or seen.
“Do you think he’s got cameras up around the farm, or just the bugs?”
“Not sure. But the more I think about it, the more I think he snuck in and bugged the house. So when we get home, we’re going to have to act like we don’t know that while we find the bugs. Pull your pickup into the shop when we get back and I’ll have Danny go through it to see what he can find.”
“Won’t we need to figure out what to say, before we say anything? I feel like I shouldn’t talk at all.” Erik hated having his privacy breached. He knew Danny and Maddie were trained to deal with this kind of thing, but he found the idea of someone listening in on every conversation completely unnerving.
“For now, let’s not tell anyone but Danny and see what we find. We can’t let Zeus know if we do find them. We’ll need to leave them and keep talking normally or he will know we’re on to him.”
“Okay,” Erik said, running his hand through his hair. “We better make this look like a real trip to pick up a few things, then, in case he is watching us.”
“True,” Maddie said.  “What’s on your shopping list today?”
“Ice cream,” Erik said, heading to the freezer section. “I think I see a sundae making party in our immediate future.”
Maddie laughed. “I’ll go get some bananas and meet you at the syrup.”
“It’s a date,” Erik said, selecting two half-gallons of the frozen confection.
Paying for their purchases, they got back in the pickup and headed toward home.
“Won’t Aunt Lena be surprised she’s off the hook for dinner and dessert tonight?” Maddie said.
“Yes, although I’m not sure I trust your cooking,” Erik teased, trying to remember to sound and act natural. “Lena told me you barely know how to work the toaster.”
“That is so not true,” Maddie huffed, growing a little indignant. She could fry an egg and boil water for pasta. Erik volunteered to grill steaks and Maddie thought she could manage making a green salad and wrapping potatoes in foil to cook next to the steaks on the barbecue. A loaf of French bread and ice cream sundaes would finish off the meal. “I can work the toaster and the microwave.”
Erik laughed and squeezed Maddie’s hand. He turned her hand so it rested palm up next to his leg. Then he began writing letters, one at a time on her palm with his finger. Paying close attention, Maddie got the message he was sending - “I like you.”
Smiling at him with surging warmth in her eyes, she didn’t speak, just nodded her head.
Erik was about to say something when he noticed a big, black SUV bearing down on them. As it neared, he could see it didn’t have any plates. That was odd.
Out on a stretch of country road without another car in sight, Erik began to grow concerned.
“Looks like we may have company,” Erik said, glancing warily in the rearview mirror.
“Mind slowing down?” Maddie asked, not wanting to turn around, but trying to see the vehicle in the side mirror. “Maybe they’ll go around us.”
Erik slowed and the SUV stayed right on his bumper. Maddie took a deep breath.
“Some people should have their license revoked,” Maddie commented, fairly certain Zeus was listening to the conversation. “This idiot should really not be allowed to drive, let alone maneuver such a big rig. What’s that tiny little electric car you see on all the commercials?”
“Oh, the Smart car or the Mini?”
“One of those. That’s what this ninny should drive,” Maddie said. “I honestly think they should give an IQ test right along with the driving test. Based on a person’s IQ level, that is what type of vehicle they should be allowed to drive. Seriously, some people are beyond pathetic.”
If the SUV got any closer to them, Erik knew their bumpers would connect and he really didn’t want to wreck his pickup.
Glancing at Maddie she mouthed “floor it,” which Erik did. It caught the SUV driver by surprise and they pulled ahead as they whipped through a few curves in the road. The driver was starting to gain on them again when Maddie pointed to a side road.
Waiting until the last second, Erik slammed on his brakes and took the turn onto the side road at a speed that sent gravel splaying out behind them. The pickup fishtailed, but Erik kept it moving forward. The SUV driver was going too fast to make the turn. Erik revved up the engine and they sped away.
Maddie pointed their way home through a series of winding side roads. At one point, Erik was pretty sure they were bouncing across someone’s private property, but he followed her leading. They came out on the irrigation road that ran on the backside of the Weber farm. From here, they had a great view of the wind turbines.
Erik left Maddie and the groceries at the house then drove his pickup to the shop where Zach and Danny were servicing a tractor.
“Any luck?” Zach asked as Erik got out of the pickup.
“No. We just hit a bunch of dead ends,” Erik said, picking up a notepad and furiously scribbling a message across it. He handed it to Danny while Zach read over his shoulder.

Maddie thinks the house and my truck are bugged. Danny - she said you could check the truck, she is checking the house. An unmarked SUV just tried to run us off the road.

Danny nodded his head and picked back up on their conversation. “Well, that’s too bad. Zach mentioned you are having some trouble with your truck. Want me to take a look at it?”
“That would be great,” Erik said, popping the hood. “You guys are much better at this mechanical stuff than I am.”
“That’s because you’re the champion farmer,” Zach said, slapping Erik on the back. “Say, what kind of spray do you think we should use on…” Zach and Erik launched into a discussion on weed killer, fertilizer and irrigation methods while Danny methodically searched through Erik’s pickup for the bug. He found it placed beneath the glove box. It was so tiny no one would ever have found it unless they knew what they were looking for. Rather than remove it, Danny left it in place. He motioned for Zach and Erik to follow him over to the tractor they had been working on. Picking up a hammer, he banged it against a piece of iron, creating enough noise he could whisper what he found.
“Let’s leave it in place for now,” Danny said. “We might be able to use it to our advantage.”
“Okay,” Erik said, not liking the idea of having Zeus listening to every move he made or word he said in his pickup. “I’m going to get back to work. I’ll be in for lunch,” Erik said, leaving his pickup at the shop and walking down to the equipment shed.
Danny waited a few minutes then made some excuse about dying of thirst and headed up to the house.
Stepping into the kitchen, he greeted Lena and begged for a glass of iced tea. When she handed it to him, he quietly asked her where Maddie was and she pointed toward the living room.
Danny walked into the room and gave Maddie an imploring look. She held up two fingers and nodded her head, indicating she had already found two bugs. Danny helped her look in the living room and the office, but they didn’t find anything. Taking Danny’s hand, Maddie tugged him down to the basement where she was pretty certain they could talk freely. If you didn’t know the basement was there, you’d be hard pressed to find it. Danny didn’t know there was one and he’d been through the house numerous times.
“I found a bug in Erik’s truck, just like you thought.” Danny sat down on an old, worn chair. A cloud of dust puffed out around him. Coughing he shot Maddie an annoyed look. “You could have warned me.”
“I could have,” Maddie said with a grin. “I found a bug in the kitchen near the sink and another by the table. He seems to know that is where we spend the most time talking.
“The rest of the downstairs seems clean. Are you going to check upstairs?”
“I am, but I think we should leave the bugs in place for now. It gives us a little advantage that I don’t want to lose. We may figure out a way to lure him out of hiding using them as a feed for false information.”
“That’s what I was thinking. I told Erik I’m leaving the one in his truck.”
“I bet he was thrilled with that,” Maddie said, leaning against a rickety table.
“Not so much,” Danny said, remembering the look of disgust on Erik’s face. “He’s a pretty private guy. It’s going to be hard on him.”
“Being in the crosshairs of a madman is hard on him, too,” Maddie said. “But he’s tough, smart and willing to ride this out with us.”
Danny stood up and took Maddie’s hand in his, giving it a squeeze. “Just for the record, I’m glad you found him, Maddie. Erik is one of the good guys and it’s more than obvious he cares about you.”
Maddie gave Danny a hug. “Thanks, Danny. That means a lot to me, especially coming from you.”
Stepping back, Danny was quiet for a moment. “What did you find out today? Erik said you encountered more dead ends.”
“Not exactly. Zeus was in the restaurant in disguise as an old distinguished gentleman. He isn’t staying at the hotel and he paid in cash so that was a dead end. We went to the airport and they haven’t seen anyone who looks like Zeus coming through. I asked about an older gentleman, but they said without a photo they couldn’t be much help.  I have a feeling Zeus has multiple disguises, so they aren’t going to recognize him.”
“How did you figure out he planted bugs?”
“He knew too much information. He knew I was going out to the field to take Erik cookies the other day. He knew exactly where we were eating dinner. He seems to know pretty much every move we make because he hears our plans as we make them. I’m guessing he had a few minutes when we were all either gone or occupied, snuck in the house and planted bugs in the places he thought we would spend the most time. I’m just wondering what else he has tapped into.”
“He could have tapped into your phone, the computer.” Danny started thinking of all the places and ways Zeus could be watching them. Watching and waiting to make his move.
“I’ll have diagnostics run a check on my phone. In the meantime, I’m going to see what else I can turn up. It’s going to be hard conversing normally knowing he’s listening to every word we say.”
“I know, Maddie, but you can do this. We can do this.” Danny held the door as they walked back upstairs. Going into the kitchen, he left his empty tea glass on the counter and gave Lena’s cheek a kiss. “Thanks for the tea, Miz Lena. It was mighty fine as always.”
“Oh, go on with you,” Lena said, pleased with both the complement and the kiss.
Erik and Maddie cooked dinner then everyone gathered outside to eat. This way they could talk and not worry so much about being overheard.
As he finished off the last bite of his steak, Zach nodded toward Erik. “That was really good, man. Where did you learn to grill like that?”
“Trial and error, mostly,” Erik said with a laugh. “My wife couldn’t stand the sight of blood or raw meat, so I did a lot of the cooking. It was easier for me to grill, so I did it quite a bit.”
“You don’t mention your wife much, Erik. What was she like?” Lena asked, genuinely interested.
Seeing Erik hesitate to talk, Lena reached out and put a hand on his arm. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to pry.”
Erik patted her hand and nodded his head. “It’s okay, Lena. I haven’t really spoken about her since the accident.”
“You don’t have to,” Maddie whispered.
“I think maybe I do,” Erik said, knowing talking about Sheila and what happened would somehow help him heal. “Sheila and I got married pretty young. I’d just graduated from college and she was finishing her junior year. All I ever wanted to do was farm, but my dad insisted a college education was a good thing, so I majored in agri-business, taking every agriculture and small business class I could. Sheila majored in accounting and found a job at one of the local banks right after graduation. She worked her way up to assistant manager in the ten years we were married. We loved each other, loved living on my family’s farm, loved life. The only thing missing was a child. We wanted to have a baby so badly but had finally accepted the fact that we weren’t going to have any kids when Sheila found out she was pregnant. When we got the news that the baby was a boy, I was over the moon. For two weeks, I’m not sure my feet even touched the ground. Then she got in the accident and I lost them both. I warned her a hundred times to be careful at that intersection, but she was always in a hurry, always took a chance and that time was one chance too many. My neighbor, and best friend, was the one who hit her car. We tried to get her out and couldn’t. By the time the firefighters cut the car apart and pried her loose, it was too late. She died on the way to the hospital.  I couldn’t stay at the farm after that, so I rented it out and traveled around doing odd jobs. The only thing I took with me was my pickup, my memories, and Boone.”
Erik absently reached for the dog and rubbed his head. The dog, sensing Erik’s sadness, put his head on Erik’s knee and whined.
No one said a word. No one could.  Lena and Maddie mopped at their tears. Finally, Danny reached over and gave Erik’s shoulder a reassuring squeeze. “I’m sorry, man. That is a hard loss to bear.”
Erik looked at Danny with gratitude in his face. “Although I didn’t think the day would ever come when I’d get up in the morning without the grief having a stranglehold on me, it is getting easier and the memories are softening. Maybe someday I’ll even be able to go back to the farm.”
Ethan asked Erik about the farm, how his family came to be settled there and details about soil and water. Zach and Danny joined in the conversation, leaving Maddie and Lena to their thoughts.
Maddie’s heart hurt for Erik. How tragic to lose his wife and much-wanted baby at the same time. He must have loved Sheila wholly and completely to have her death hit him so hard. Studying him, she wondered if he was ready to be in a new relationship or if memories of his deceased wife would come between them. She had lost Devin, but he wasn’t her husband. She wasn’t even sure now that what she felt for him had really been love. It was nothing like what she was beginning to feel for Erik.
As they finished up the meal and Erik helped Maddie bring dishes into the kitchen, he asked if she’d like to take a walk. She agreed and Lena shooed them out the door, ordered Danny to help her with the dishes.
Stepping off the porch, the twosome wandered in the direction of the barn without either one speaking. The evening was still plenty warm, though not sticky with heat, even though the sun was making its final descent in a blazing ball of vibrant pink and hues of gold. The scent of hay hung in the air and the crickets were tuning up for their nightly serenade. Erik thought it was a perfect summer evening. Or as perfect as it could be with a killer on the loose.
Glancing down at Maddie walking beside him, Erik took her hand in his. When she looked up at him, her blue eyes were soft and inviting.
Twining their fingers together, they continued walking in silence. Coming to the fence behind the barn, Maddie turned and leaned her back against it while Erik placed one foot on the bottom pole and rested his arms on the top one.
“I wanted you to know something, Maddie,” Erik said, looking out across the pasture at the pond. He knew she’d have questions and doubts after what he shared about Sheila this evening and wanted to put her mind at ease. “I loved Sheila completely. She was my entire world for ten years. When she and the baby died, my dreams died right along with them. It was all I could do to get through one day at a time.”
Erik stopped and Maddie put a warm hand on his arm. “It must have been awful for you.”
“It was awful and hard and not something I’d ever want to live through again, but I wouldn’t trade those ten years with Sheila for anything, even knowing how it would end. That’s why you need to know, Maddie, that I’ve found new dreams to dream. New dreams with you. I don’t know how this is going to end, but I wouldn’t miss out on the time I’ve spent with you this summer. I care a great deal for you, Maddie. More than I ever thought I’d care for anyone again.”
Maddie’s eyes welled with tears. “Oh, Erik. I … I wouldn’t trade this time with you either. I’m sorry you are involved in all this mess with Zeus, but I’m so glad you are here. With me.”
Erik pulled Maddie into his arms and kissed her with a passion that made her heart pound, her knees weaken and all rational thought fly out of her head. Kissing him back, she held on to him tightly, reveling in the feel of his strong arms around her. She felt sheltered and cherished. Maddie had been tough for so long, on her own for so long, the thought of having someone else protect her was something she thought she could get used to.
Sinking into him, Maddie breathed in his unique scent. When Erik pulled back from the kiss, Maddie rested her head against his chest and memorized the feeling of belonging that enveloped her. She had never felt this welcomed, this right, before and she wanted the moment to last.
Leaning back against the fence, Erik pulled Maddie closer into his arms and held her, his chin resting on her head. She was soft in his arms and fit them so well. He never thought he’d find love again, especially not a passionate all-consuming love like he’d found with Maddie.
They stood unmoving for quite some time, just enjoying the silence of the evening; the time spent holding each other, drawing strength from one another. Finally, Maddie raised her head and smiled. “We better get back.”
“Yes, I guess we should,” Erik said, standing away from the fence and picking up Maddie’s hand as they strolled back to the house.  Erik walked her to the door, kissed her cheek then bent his head toward hers. She could feel his warm breath stir the hair by her ear. “Sweet dreams, Madelyn.” Then he turned and walked to the bunkhouse.
Maddie watched him walk away, relishing the delicious shiver that raced through her every time he called her Madelyn. She didn’t know why, but it made her feel feminine and beautiful - something Maddie had known too little of in her thirty-two years.



Chapter Ten

Maddie awoke to the sound of her phone buzzing. Grabbing it off the nightstand, she held it to her ear.
“Hello,” she said, trying to brush the cobwebs of sleep from her mind.  Who would be calling her this early in the day?
“Maddie, its Tom,” her boss said. Even though it was barely six, he sounded excited and full of life. “I’ve got some great news.”
“What’s that?” Maddie said, coming fully awake. She flipped on the lamp beside her bed and pulled out a notebook and pen.
“We finally cracked through Zeus’s coding and got an IP address on the computer where the QR codes are generated. It’s a public library in Bellevue. I’ve got a team ready to go. I wanted you to know we are making some headway.”
“That’s fantastic news,” Maddie said, bouncing on her bed. Although it might seem insignificant in the grand scheme of things, finding an IP address that could be traced back to Zeus after three years of dead end after dead end was monumental. “Let me know when you find something. By the way, I’ve got a phone number I’d like diagnostics to run a check on.”
“Sure, Maddie, what’s the number?”
Maddie rattled off her own cell phone number.
“Well, that’s interesting,” Tom said. Maddie had known him long enough to know he was putting two and two together. “Anything special you want them to check?”
“Just to see if it has been compromised.”
“Will do. When we have the results, I’ll get back to you.”
“Thanks, Tom,” Maddie said, getting out of bed and stretching. Today looked like it was off to a grand start. “I look forward to hearing what you find.”
“Hang in there, Maddie. We are going to take him down. I promise.”
“You bet. And I plan to be right there with you when it happens.”
“Absolutely, Mad Dog.” Tom laughed as he disconnected the call.
Maddie could hardly wait to share the news with Danny. Jumping in the shower, she was soon dressed and downstairs, helping Lena set breakfast on the table when the guys all came in.
“My goodness, Maddie, you seem raring to go this morning,” her dad said as he kissed her cheek. “What’s got you all stirred up?”
“Not much. I had a call from a friend this morning with some news I was very excited to hear. That’s all.”
Danny’s head snapped up and Maddie nodded her head at him. He smiled and visibly relaxed a little. Erik watched their gestures and turned his own warm smile at Maddie, knowing her excitement had something to do with Zeus.
Once breakfast was finished and the dishes were done, Maddie whispered to Lena that she was going out to talk to the guys for a minute.
Catching Danny and Erik together at the shop, they walked out behind the barn and stood in the shelter of a haystack, where it would be hard to see or hear them. Maddie told them what Tom had shared with her. Erik gave her a big hug while Danny slapped her raised hand in a high-five.
“We’ll bring him down, Mad Dog, don’t you worry. He is going down,” Danny said, walking off whistling.
Erik looked at Maddie and raised an eyebrow. “Mad Dog? Danny calls you Mad Dog?”
For the first time since she’d acquired the nickname more than ten years ago, Maddie wasn’t sure she liked it. Back then, it symbolized a hard battle fought and won when she overcame the preconceived notions of what a pretty, petite girl could do. Hearing Erik say it, though, it seemed to lose some of the charm it previously held.
“It’s a nickname.”
“I gathered that much,” Erik said, pulling her into his arms and giving her a kiss on the cheek. “Who else calls you Mad Dog?”
“Most of the guys in my department. A few of the other cops that know me. No big deal.”
“I’m thinking it is a big deal. If I were a betting man, I’d wager that name came with a price. Something you had to dig in and prove.”
“Maybe,” Maddie said, burying her head against Erik’s chest.
“Then it’s a name you should be proud of - Mad Dog.” Erik looked at her with a teasing grin and Maddie’s heart melted.
“For a simple farmer, you do know you are terribly observant and perceptive, don’t you?”
Erik didn’t respond, just continued holding her.
Releasing a sigh, Maddie decided she might as well tell him the truth. “It doesn’t sound quite as appealing coming from you. I much prefer you call me Maddie, or even Madelyn.”
“Why is that?” Erik asked, knowing the answer, but wanting her to admit it.
“Because Mad Dog is a tough cop who takes charge and gets things done. Madelyn is just a woman on a farm who likes the hired man entirely too much.”
“Too much?” Erik said, pulling back. “What’s that mean? How can you like someone too much? I don’t think…”
“I think you’re talking too much,” Maddie said, pulling his head down for a lingering kiss.
When the kiss ended, Maddie took Erik’s hand and they walked back to the house. “Have a good morning, Farmer Man. See you for lunch.”
“You bet, Madelyn,” Erik said with a wink.
Maddie waited all morning for news from Tom. When he finally called just before noon, she was nearly beside herself.
“That which you questioned, has been compromised. I did some more checking. You need to find your farmer friend right now. Give me a call when you have him in your sights.”
“Right, Tom. I’m on it.”
Maddie went racing out of the house without a word to Lena, jumped on the four-wheeler and went to the field where she knew Erik was cutting hay. Watching her approach, Erik shut off the machine and was waiting for her when she pulled up.
Maddie jumped off the four-wheeler and ran to Erik. “Tom just called. My phone has been compromised. He told me to find you then call him back, so I’m guessing your phone hasn’t been, yet. Can I borrow it?”
“Absolutely,” Erik started to dig his phone out of his pocket.
“Wait,” Maddie whispered. “If Zeus is watching he’ll know something is up if you just hand over your phone and I make the call. We’ve got to make this look good. I’m going to start yelling at you, you yell back, and then I’m going to wave my phone in your face. You get yours out and wave it around then I’m going to give you a shove. When I do, we’ll switch phones. Okay?”
“Okay. But I think you should know I nearly flunked drama class in high school. I am no good at play acting,” Erik said, determined to do his best, but not completely certain his best would be good enough.
“Don’t worry about it,” Maddie said, taking a step back from him. “Just follow my lead and remember nothing I am going to say is true.”
Suddenly, Maddie’s countenance changed, she charged at Erik yelling. “You, Mr. Farmer Man, are about as dense as they come. Did you think I wouldn’t find out about your girlfriend? You are a worthless, scum-sucking, two-timing snake. I’ve never met anyone so dishonest and fake. How dare you think you can toy with my affections and lead me on just because I’m the boss’s daughter!”
Taking his cue from her, Erik held his breath until his face turned red then bent over until he was in her face to start hollering. “Who are you calling a two-timing snake, miss can’t decide who she wants to date? You flirt with cowboy Dan until I want to punch him in the face, then you make him jealous kissing me. Yeah, that’s right. We’re both on to your little game. Talk about fake and dishonest, you take the cake, darlin’.”
“Is that so?” Maddie said, shaking her phone in his face. “Well I’m done with you. I’m even deleting your number out of my cell phone, so there.”
“Two can play that game,” Erik said, whipping out his phone and waving it under her nose.
“You… you... arrogant backwoods farmer,” Maddie said, grabbing the hand holding his phone and quickly switching them while she gave him a huge shove. Erik stumbled backwards, but caught himself before falling. Maddie turned and ran to the four-wheeler, jumped on and took off with Erik watching her go.
She didn’t know how he could have possibly flunked drama class. Erik had just pulled off a first-class performance. Hurrying back to the house Maddie ran inside, past Lena, and down to the basement where she sat in a secluded corner and called Tom.
“I’m on Erik’s phone. Tell me what you’ve got,” Maddie said, anxious to hear what Tom had dug up.
“Diagnostics checked your number. There is a program on your phone that allows a third party to listen to your calls. Of course, information on that third party is scrambled, but we’re working to decode it. I’m guessing your house phone is tapped to go along with the bugs. They are still working on checking Danny’s phone and Zach’s. Erik’s came up clean, which is why I told you to go get his. If Zeus has been listening to your calls, then he knows you know the house is bugged. He also knows that we have the IP address.”
“What did you find out from the library?” Maddie asked, frustrated.
“We took the sketch of Zeus, which no one recognized. We asked about an old man and that got us nowhere. They did say a guy about six-feet tall and well-built comes in wearing a hoodie and uses the computer fairly regularly. The name on his library card is Jude Johnson. We are tracking him down right now.”
“What about the area? Are there apartments nearby or a business he could use as a false front?”
“I’ve got the team looking, Maddie. We’re getting closer. I can feel it.”
“I know, Tom, and it is about time. I’m afraid of what he will do if we don’t catch him soon.”
“Just keep tough, Maddie, and don’t let your guard down, even for a minute,” Tom said, his voice sounding authoritative. “I’ll let you know as soon as I find out anything. In the meantime, if you can run into town and get a new phone without being detected, I’d highly advise it then give me a call with the number.”
“I’ll run in right after lunch. Oh, and Tom?”
“Yes?”
“Just on a hunch, see if there are any buildings or businesses, even streets in Bellevue with mythological names. Zeus fancies himself the king of the gods, so it would make sense for him to be affiliated with something mythological.”
“Good idea, Maddie. We’ll check it out.”
Maddie disconnected the call, stuck Erik’s phone in her pocket and went back to the kitchen where Lena was just finishing up lunch preparations.
Leaning over toward Maddie, she whispered, “What was that about?”
“Can’t tell you now. Talk later,” Maddie whispered back, then helped set the food on the table. They were just pouring tea in the glasses when the men came in and washed up.
Erik eyed Maddie a few times, and she smiled at him. He seemed a little wary, but she hoped he realized what a great help he was earlier. When the guys got up to leave after lunch, Maddie stood close to Erik and switched back phones with him. Dragging him to the office, which she thought was safe, she whispered her thanks.
“You did great, Erik. Thank you. And I hope you know I didn’t mean a word I said.”
Erik folded his arms around her and kissed the top of her head. “I know you didn’t. I hope my poor acting was a help, though.”
“A huge help. I’m going to run into town and pick up a new phone then I’ll be back. Ask Danny to keep an eye on the house while I’m gone please?”
“Sure, Maddie.”
Erik gave her a quick kiss then walked outside and back to his work.
Maddie was just coming through the kitchen when she saw her dad lingering over another glass of tea at the table.
“What’s up, Pop?” Maddie asked, sitting down beside him. Although she’d been home for weeks, she hadn’t really spent much time visiting with him one-on-one.
“Not much, cupcake. Just wanted a minute to talk to you. Want to walk me back to the four-wheeler?”
Maddie nodded her head and preceded her dad out the door.
“Maddie, I know this has been hard on you and you blame yourself for bringing this particular case right to our door, but don’t. You are an amazing cop and a fine woman and I’m real proud to have you as my daughter.”
“Aw, Pop,” Maddie said, standing on tip-toe to give her dad a hug and a kiss on his weathered cheek. “You’re going to make my mascara run.”
Ethan laughed and gave Maddie a warm hug. “I love you, cupcake. No matter what happens, I love you. So don’t forget it.”
“I won’t, Pop. I love you, too.”
When Ethan drove off on the four-wheeler, Maddie took Zach’s pickup to town and parked on Main Street. There were several cell phone dealers downtown. She just needed to figure out a way to get in one unseen.
Casually strolling down the street and stopping to look in a few store windows, Maddie finally entered a store she knew had an alley entrance. Browsing her way through the store, she was quickly at the back door, down the alley and in rear entrance of one of the cell phone stores. It took no time for her to have a new phone in her hand and she hurriedly retraced her steps. She stopped in the store she originally entered, picked out a little gift for Aunt Lena, paid for it and then walked back out the store’s front entry, sauntering over to the pickup.
Driving to John’s office, she found him at his desk on the phone and he motioned her in.  Taking a seat, she waited for him finish the call then filled him in on the latest developments of the case. Before leaving his office, she placed a call to Tom on the new phone, knowing the sheriff’s office was one of the few places she could count on not being bugged.
Arriving home, she felt her old phone vibrate in her pocket. Taking it out, she didn’t recognize the number, but answered anyway.
“Maddie, dear, I’ve warned you before not to start digging for information,” Zeus’s voice came across the line. She still couldn’t place the accent, but she certainly recognized the voice. It taunted her at night in her worst nightmares. “You know what happens when you do, Maddie, dear. No more warnings. I hope you told your daddy goodbye after lunch today.”
Before Maddie could say a word, the call disconnected. Racing into the kitchen, Maddie yelled at Lena to call John and tell him it was an emergency. Dialing in Tom’s number on her old cell phone as she took the stairs at a run, she asked him to trace the last call info because it was Zeus.
“Tom, he’s going after Dad. I hope I’m not too late.”
“Take Danny with you, Maddie. Don’t face him alone.”
“I won’t,” Maddie said, disconnecting the call as she pulled the Glock out of her nightstand. She always carried small gun in her pocket, but she needed to have the Glock in her hand when she took down Zeus.
Lena caught up with her mid-way down the stairs. “Did you call John?”
“He’s on his way,” Lena said, following Maddie as she ran into the kitchen.
“Lock the doors and windows and go down to the basement and stay there. I mean it Lena. Stay there until one of us comes to get you.”
“Okay, Maddie. Be careful.”
“I will. Love you, Lena.”
“Love you, too, kiddo.”
Maddie sprinted across the yard to Zach’s pickup, screaming for Danny as she ran. He raced out of the shop and jumped in the pickup. Maddie tore out to the field where she knew her Dad was baling and Zach was stacking hay. Maddie explained the phone call from Zeus as she drove.
The stacker was nowhere to be seen, but the tractor and baler sat at the far corner of the field, unmoving. Chills raced up Maddie’s spine and a cold sweat broke out on her forehead.
“We’re too late, Danny,” Maddie said, her hands clenching the steering wheel as she drove right through the windrows of cut hay. “I just know it. We’re too late.”
“Maybe your Dad broke down. Don’t jump to conclusions, yet.” Danny hoped and prayed that was all that was wrong. His gut told him otherwise.
Pulling up next to the tractor, it and the baler were both running. “Maddie, stay here, please. Let me check things out.”
“No, Danny, I’ve got to see.” Maddie said, grasping the door handle.
“Please, Maddie, just let me take a look first.”
Swallowing, Maddie nodded. She knew what Danny found was going to pile tinder on the growing fire of her hate for Zeus. She knew to the very core of her being that the hug she shared with her dad after lunch would have to last her the rest of her life.
When Danny didn’t immediately come back, she finally opened the pickup door, climbed in the tractor and turned it off, then walked around to the baler. The gruesome sight that met her made her legs go weak and her breath come in short little gasps. Struggling to stay upright, she fell to her knees and felt numb.
It appeared her Dad had been trying to remove a plug in the baler and got pulled into the machine.
Maddie knew different. Her father’s mangled body was the direct result of Zeus sending her a very clear message.
Danny turned and knelt in front of her. “Don’t look, Maddie. Don’t look. Remember your Dad from lunch today, joking and laughing. Burn that image in your mind, Maddie.”
Putting his arms around her, he held Maddie, blocking her view of the baler. He waited for her to cry, to scream, to show some emotion. Instead, she just leaned into him, stiff and silent. He knew she was in shock, but he kept waiting for her to say or do something.
Before Danny could suggest he help her back to the pickup, Erik was there, picking her up in his arms, and holding her close. It was then Maddie turned her head into Erik’s chest and cried, great wracking sobs that broke both Erik’s and Danny’s heart.
“Why can’t he just kill me and be done with it? Why did he have to take Pops? He’s never hurt anyone. He didn’t deserve to die.” Maddie said through her tears, knowing there weren’t any answers to her questions.
Erik looked at Danny and nodded, carrying Maddie to the pickup and leaning against the door as he held her.
Taking out his phone Danny called Tom and quietly filled him in. “Zeus has been here. Ethan’s dead.”
“Danny, is Maddie… how’s she taking it?”
“About as well as you’d expect. Erik’s going to try to get her to go to the house then I’ll call you back,” Danny said, shutting his phone.
Zach  returned in the stacker and drove up to their end of the field. Danny met him before he could step out of the cab and told him what had happened. Zach pounded the steering wheel and sat drawing in shaking breaths before he got out and walked to where Erik held Maddie.
“Why don’t you take her back to the house, Zach, and I’ll help Danny,” Erik said, attempting to place Maddie on her feet.
“No!” Maddie screamed, clinging to Erik’s neck like he was the last thing that stood between her and the complete loss of her sanity. “No!”
Finally, she drew a deep breath and let go of Erik’s neck. He carefully set her down. Taking Zach’s hand, she squeezed it then turned to Danny. “We’ve got a crime scene to process, so let’s get to it.”
“Absolutely not, Maddie. I can’t let you do this,” Danny said, barring her from going back around the tractor to the baler. “You aren’t physically or mentally prepared to handle this so I’m telling you no. If you won’t listen to me, I’ll have Tom tell you, but you aren’t doing this.”
Just then they heard a police siren blaring in the distance. Erik jumped on the four-wheeler he rode to the field and flagged down John, who followed him back out to the baler.
Getting out of his car, Danny shook his head as John walked up to Zach and Maddie, offering them both a word of comfort before going around to see Ethan’s body.
John came back around the baler, pale and obviously disturbed. “Erik, would you mind taking Maddie and Zach back to the house?”
Erik agreed and helped Maddie climb in the pickup. Zach climbed in the passenger’s side while Erik slid behind the wheel and drove them back to the house.
Zach slowly got out and plodded inside. Maddie seemed frozen in place. Finally, Erik touched her arm and she turned to look at him, eyes filled with raw, undiluted pain.
“I’m so sorry, honey,” Erik said, pulling Maddie across the seat and into his arms. “So sorry.”
“It’s all my fault. First Mom, now Dad. It’s all my fault,” Maddie muttered against Erik’s chest.
He pushed her back and looked into her eyes. “Nothing about this is your fault, Maddie. Not a single thing. You can’t control Zeus. You can’t control the choices anyone makes but your own. What he did to your mom and your dad is unthinkable, but you weren’t the cause of it. Zeus made that choice. Your dad made the choice to stay here rather than go into protective custody. We all did. You gave us options and we made our choices. So no, Maddie, it isn’t your fault.”
Maddie stared at Erik, unable to believe his words, but wanting desperately to do so.
Erik got out of the truck and picked up Maddie, carrying her into the house and setting her down at the kitchen table.
“Lena?” Erik called, but got no answer.
“I told her to stay in the basement,” Maddie said, remembering her aunt.
“I’ll go get her,” Erik said and walked to the door. Calling down the stairs, he heard a noise then saw Lena looking up at him. “It’s okay to come out now.”
Lena climbed the stairs, knowing what she would find would break her heart.
“Is everyone okay?” she asked as she reached the top and Erik put an arm around her shoulders.
“No, Lena,” Erik said quietly. “It’s Ethan.”
Lena’s step faltered and she would have fallen to the floor if Erik hadn’t caught her in time. He helped her to the kitchen where she sank into a chair next to Maddie’s. The two of them embraced each other and cried.
Erik backed out of the room and went in search of Zach. He was sitting in the office at the desk, staring out the window.
“Can I do anything for you, Zach?” Erik asked, fighting down his own sense of loss and pain. Not only had he grown close to Ethan Weber, the experience was forcing him to relive the day Sheila died.
“No, but thanks,” Zach said, continuing to stare out the window.
“I’ll be close by if you need anything,” Erik said and went back the kitchen. He didn’t know what he could do, other than be available if any of them needed help or protection.
Despite the heat, Erik made Lena and Maddie both a cup of hot tea. They were sipping it when Maddie’s old phone rang.
Looking at the number, sheer terror blazed across her face before she sucked in a gulp of air and answered the phone.
“Maddie, dear, you really need to heed my warnings more closely. Maybe the next time you’ll listen more attentively unless you want to say goodbye to someone else you care about. Just so you don’t forget what happens when you disobey me, here’s a little reminder.”
Zeus hung up but a photo soon popped onto her phone screen. One that made all color drain from her face and a cry of pain rip from her throat. Erik grabbed the phone away from her. Zeus had taken a photo of Ethan just before he shoved him into the baler.
Turning off the phone and throwing it on the table, Erik picked up Maddie then sat down, cradling her to him until her trembling ceased.
“I’ve got to get in touch with Tom,” Maddie finally said. “But first, we need to clean house.”
Maddie pulled the bugs out of the kitchen and dining room and ground them beneath the heel of her work boot. Then she called Tom on her new phone and discussed moving Lena, Zach and Erik to Seattle where they could be kept safe.
“I’m not going, Maddie,” Erik said. “I’m not leaving you here.”
“Please go, Erik. I can’t bear the thought of him hurting you and I can’t focus if I’m worrying about you. You need to go, please. You all need to go. I’ll face him myself. Alone.”
“No, you won’t,” Zach said from the doorway. “He took our parents, Maddie.  He’s terrorized this family all I’m going to stand for. I’m not leaving and I’m certainly not going to let you fight him by yourself.”
“But Zach...”
“Not up for discussion.” Zach strode out of the kitchen back toward the office. Erik heard the door click shut.
“Lena, will you please go. Please? For me?”
“I’ll go, kiddo. I won’t like it, but I’ll go. Right after we lay your father to rest.”
Maddie and Lena began crying again and Erik felt at a loss as to what he could do. He decided to cook dinner. He realized none of them would probably feel like eating, but he needed to keep busy and Lena was in no shape to think about a meal.
Finally, the two of them left the kitchen. Lena went to lie down and Maddie went to her father’s room. Erik decided to just let them be.
He was setting the table when the back door opened and Danny walked in followed by John. They both bore the look of men who had seen things no one should ever have to see.
“I’ve got dinner ready if you want to try and eat something,” Erik said, pouring tea for everyone.
“Sure, Erik,” Danny said. “Then we can discuss our next steps.”
“Maddie removed the bugs earlier, so we should be free to talk,” Erik said before turning down the hallway toward the office. Softly knocking on the door, he stuck his head inside to see Zach still sitting at the desk.
“Danny and John are back and dinner’s ready. Will you come sit with us, Zach?”
“I’ll be right there,” Zach said, although he didn’t move.
Erik left the door open then went to Lena’s room where he repeated the process of knocking gently and inviting her to join them for dinner.
Finally he went upstairs to Ethan’s room, where Maddie was curled on the bed, a photo of her parents clutched in her hand. He thought she was asleep, but when he turned to leave the room, she called out to him.
“Don’t go,” she whispered, holding out her hand.
“I’m right here,” Erik said, sitting down beside her.
Maddie sat up and wiped her cheeks with her palms. “Thank you for being here, Erik. For caring. It means so much.”
“I know, Maddie.” Erik gently rubbed her back then put a protective arm around her. “Danny and John are back. Do you want to come down and discuss plans?”
“Yes. Just let me wash up first. Then I’ll be right there.”
Erik went back to the kitchen and stood by his chair, waiting for Maddie. She soon came in with red, swollen eyes, and took her seat. Erik sat down beside her and squeezed her hand in his, hoping to share some of his strength with her.
“We went over the area with a fine-tooth comb, but didn’t find anything that will be exceptionally helpful in tracking down Zeus,” Danny said as he filled his plate and took a bite of the meal. He wasn’t hungry, just eating out of habit and something to do with his hands. He had come to respect Maddie’s father in the weeks he’d been out here on the farm. It was devastating to think of him being gone, especially so cruelly, so unnecessarily. His resolve to bring Zeus to justice multiplied. How much suffering would the Weber family have to endure before they caught the madman?
“We found some footprints in the dirt at the edge of the field,” John said. “You should be able to process the tread. Maybe it will turn up something.”
“How long will… when will…” Zach tried to speak, but kept clearing his throat. “When will the body be released so we can plan funeral services?”
“We will work on getting clearance as quickly as possible. We should be able to release it soon,” Danny said.
Maddie had to draw on every ounce of training she’d ever had to be able to sit at the table and endure the conversation taking place. She wanted to scream and rant, cry and plead. She wanted her mom and dad back. She wanted Zeus dead. She wanted to stop living in constant fear of who would die next.
Unable to eat anything, she wasn’t having any better luck digesting the plans for her father’s funeral service. She stood up and would have left the table but her phone rang and all eyes turned to her. She was carrying both her old and new phones. She breathed a sigh of relief when she realized it was the new phone.
“Hi, Tom,” Maddie answered.
“Maddie, I’m so, so sorry. I can’t even begin to imagine the pain you are in right now but I wanted you to know your hunch played out.”
“It did?” Maddie asked, her interest piqued. “What did you find?”
“Just two blocks from the library there is an art gallery called Aphrodite’s Palace. It’s all high end art with quite a swanky storefront. The manager there said the business is owned by a man named Jude Johnson. Isn’t that an interesting coincidence?”
“Yes, it is. What else did you find?”
“According to the store manager, our Mr. Johnson prefers to not be seen and rarely comes into the gallery. He communicates through emails sent directly to the store manager. She and one other employee work there. The gallery is only open Tuesday through Saturday from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Why do you suppose they have such short hours?”
“So as not to disturb someone’s violent nocturnal activities taking place out of the back of the facility. Who would suspect one of Seattle’s most wanted criminals would own an upscale art gallery in a ritzy neighborhood?” Maddie said, finally feeling like they had an honest, real lead into capturing Zeus. “How fast can you get a search warrant?”
“I should have one in the morning, so hang tight,” Tom said.
“As soon as the funeral service is over, I want you to take Aunt Lena somewhere safe until this is finished,” Maddie said. “The guys won’t leave but I would feel better about her being safe.”
“I’ll take care of it, Maddie. I’ll be there for the funeral and will personally escort her.”
“Thanks, Tom.” Maddie was feeling more like herself. If she could keep her focus on the facts and on the case, she wouldn’t have too much time to dwell on what had happened to her dad. On the fact she would never hear him call her cupcake again, smell his cheek scented by Old Spice, or be engulfed by one of his bear hugs.
“I’ll call you in the morning. You let me know if you need anything,” Tom said, disconnecting the call.
Maddie sat back down at the table and took a drink of tea. “That was Tom. They found an art gallery owned by the same man we think is sending the QR Codes from the public library. We think he and Zeus are quite likely one in the same. Tom is getting a search warrant for the gallery in the morning.”
“But what will Zeus do?” Lena asked. “Every time you start to get close to finding something, he… he...” Lena broke down in tears. Danny, who was sitting next to her, put his arm around her shoulders and let her cry.
“I think we should have the service day after tomorrow and get Lena out of here,” Danny said, looking around the table. “John, you’ll make sure the story the local press receives is that it was a farming accident, nothing more?”
“Will do,” John said. “What else can we do to help? Mollie can set up a dinner for the family, do anything you need help with.”
“Thanks John,” Maddie said, patting his arm. “We haven’t even thought about calling the rest of the family. I guess we better do that right away. Will the funeral home be able to pull everything together in time?”
“I’ll speak with them in the morning,” John said, getting up to leave. “If you need help with anything, day or night, call me.” John gave Maddie’s cheek a kiss and squeezed Zach on the shoulder before letting himself out the door.




Chapter Eleven

It seemed like half the county was in attendance at Ethan Weber’s funeral. Maddie and Zach flanked Lena, all three sitting quiet and solemn in front of the casket with the rest of the attendees gathered behind them. Family members had arrived and, along with friends and members of their church, the number well exceeded four hundred in attendance.
Erik stood to the side, wearing dark sunglasses like most of the crowd, battling his own roiling emotions. This was too much like the day he laid Sheila to rest, a beautiful blue sky overhead with temperatures that made it uncomfortably warm to be dressed in a jacket. Trying to keep his own painful memories in check, he turned to watch Maddie as she struggled with her composure.
She tried to keep the tough-cop façade in place at all times, but she was a tender woman who had suffered more pain and loss than most people could fathom. He honestly didn’t know how she held herself together so well. Today, she seemed more composed than Zach, who was struggling to keep from breaking down. Erik could see his chin quiver, which in turn made Maddie’s face turn an even paler shade of white. Lena sat between them, openly crying, swiping at her tears with a hankie that had been soggy half an hour ago. Without thinking, Erik stepped forward and handed Lena a clean, dry handkerchief from his pocket. She took it with a grateful nod and Erik stepped back again.
He might be a simple farmer, but his mother insisted he learn to carry himself with good manners. He never went to a funeral or a wedding without a spare, pressed handkerchief in his pocket.
John, Danny, Tom and some of Maddie’s friends from work were positioned around the perimeter of the crowd, keeping an eye out for anything remotely suspicious. No one knew who Danny was and none of the crowd thought anything was out of the ordinary to have the sheriff attend the funeral of a good friend.
Maddie wore a simple black dress with a fitted black jacket that hid the gun she carried in a shoulder holster. She had a small semi-automatic in her handbag, prepared for what may happen, but hoping Zeus would at least give them a day in peace to honor her father. For the first time in many years, Maddie prayed. She prayed for peace, for deliverance, for a blessing upon her father.
As soon as the service ended, close family and friends returned to the church for a meal put out by their church friends. Erik felt oddly at home there with the warmth of the people being so similar to that which he knew from his own church-going years at home. Until that moment, he hadn’t realized just how much he missed his friends and family. Missed the shared fellowship of worshipping with them on Sundays. Missed the familiarity of being home with people who truly knew him.
As the gathering broke up and people started to leave, Lena clung to Zach then Maddie, shedding another round of tears along with the hugs she dispensed.
“Maybe I should stay, kiddo,” Lena whispered to Maddie as she swiped at her tears.
“No, Aunt Lena. I need you to be safe. Tom will take good care of you.” Maddie gave her aunt one more hug and a kiss on the check before Tom escorted her to the waiting car. He would fly with her back to Seattle then move her to a protected apartment where she would be safe until things ended with Zeus. “Just think of this as that relaxing vacation you’ve always wanted.”
Lena offered a watery smile. “Sure. I can catch up on my reading and sleep and watching soap operas and game shows.”
“See? Doesn’t that sound like fun?” Maddie tried to tease, but her aching heart kept the comment from sounding light-hearted.
“Don’t give up or give in, Maddie. You have to finish this for your mom and dad. You have to finish this and not let their deaths be in vain.”
Maddie sucked back a sob and hugged her aunt again. “I won’t give up, Aunt Lena. I promise I won’t.”
Lena wiped the tears from Maddie’s cheeks and kissed her on the forehead. “Be safe, kiddo, and know I love you.”
“Love you, too,” Maddie whispered and closed the door on her aunt in Tom’s rental car.
Tom gave Maddie’s arm a gentle pat. “I promise we’ll take good care of her and keep her safe until this is over.” He got in the car and waved goodbye.
Maddie felt alone and bereft. Before she could further explore those feelings, she sensed a presence behind her and leaned back into Erik’s warmth and strength. For just a moment she rested in him, rested against him, absorbing the comfort he could offer before straightening up and turning around. As he gazed down at her with his amber eyes warm and soft, she could see the pain in her heart reflected there.
Placing her hand on his cheek, she tipped her head and tried to smile. “Thank you for being here with us today, Erik. Thank you for caring.”
“Where else would I be, Maddie?” Erik asked in a voice rough and quiet with emotion. “I need to be here with you all.”
Taking her hand, he walked her back to his pickup, where Zach was already waiting with Danny.
“Let’s go home,” Zach said, climbing in the backseat of the truck.

<><><>

Placing Lena in an apartment not far from his own home, Tom arranged for round the clock guards to stay with her. If Lena was anything like her niece, Tom knew she would be climbing the walls in just a day or two, fighting against her Maddie-imposed isolation.
After checking in on her to make sure she was doing fine and the guard was clear on his duties, Tom drove on to Bellevue. He was meeting a few of his team there, in hopes of finding something, anything, that would help them move on with this case.
Tom was tired of hitting dead ends in their chase to bring Zeus down. Three years, several dead officers and civilians, thousands of dollars spent, and they still were no closer to bringing him to justice.
Now that they finally had a solid lead with the art gallery, the judge was dragging his feet, asking for more evidence to disrupt the life of one of Bellevue’s upstanding citizens before he would issue a search warrant.
If Tom’s hunch was right, that judge had been paid off to look the other way.
Sitting in a car watching the alley of the building, Tom knew a car with two officers waited out front.
He’d sit here night after night if it would turn up even the most infinitesimal clue they could use.
After another hour of waiting, Tom’s patience paid off when a hulking brute dressed all in black stomped to the back door of the building and stood looking around. When he thought the coast was clear, he moved a brick along the back wall and pulled out something in a plastic bag, shoving it into his pants pocket before putting the brick back in place. He leaned against the wall, biceps the size of tree trunks crossed in front of him, waiting. Tom watched him for a good forty-five minutes.
“We’ve got a live one in the back alley. I’m not taking any chances. This is going to be a team effort. Be ready to go in five,” Tom said through his live feed.
Tom hoped beyond anything that this oversized cavedweller was one of Zeus paid thugs. Waiting until he had the signal from his men that they were in place, he got out of his car and approached the man.
“Good evening,” Tom said, walking up to him. The guy appeared to be half-asleep and looked at Tom with glazed eyes. Great, already stoned, Tom thought as he quickly decided on the best way to get what he wanted.
“Nice night, isn’t it?” Tom asked, hoping the guy didn’t get physical. At well over six feet and weighing what had to be close to three hundred pounds with a lot of it muscle, the man would be particularly challenging to take down.
The guy just looked at Tom and jerked his head. “You need to keep walking mister.”
“No,” Tom said, pulling out his badge. “No, I think I’ll stay and talk to you instead.”
Seeing the badge in the light from the alley, the guy turned, ready to bolt, only to find himself surrounded by police officers with guns drawn.
“You ain’t got nothing on me,” he said, looking cocky and self-certain. “You aren’t getting me to talk.”
“That’s right, because I already know everything I need to,” Tom said, hoping his bluff would work. “You’ve already told me everything I need to know.”
“I didn’t say nothin’.”
“Sure you did, I could hear you talking since you walked up to the back door.”
“Huh?” the thug asked, confused.
“Yeah, that’s right. I could hear what you were saying. You were hoping that your drugs would be in the secret compartment behind the brick and you wished that Zeus would hurry up and get here because you’re tired of waiting on him. What time was it again he was supposed to meet you?”
“He said to be here at midnight. That he’d have a special job for me. He said the powder was to reward my past good behavior and the money after the job was done would have a nice bonus if I did everything just like he told me.”
“Oh, that’s right,” Tom said. “But Zeus isn’t showing up tonight, is he? He left you standing here all alone, to take the heat all by yourself. I bet he warned you not to talk, didn’t he?”
The thug began to look a little worried. He knew you didn’t cross Zeus and live to see another day.
“Yeah, he did. But I didn’t talk. You already knew. You listened in my head,” the thug said, starting to grow upset.
“No, you were talking. Singing like a bird. We’ll have to make sure Zeus knows that. What does he do to his friends who betray him? Does he shoot you point blank or toy with you awhile? I heard he likes to hunt. Is that true? Does he hunt down his friends like prey? I’m quite fascinated by the details. What do you think he’ll do?”
The thug moaned and sank to his knees, covering his head with his hands.
“Please, just shoot me now. Don’t let Zeus know. Don’t turn me over to Zeus. Please, you’ve gotta help me.”
“And why would that be?” Tom asked, inwardly thrilled at how easy this take down had gone so far.
“He’ll torture me. I know. He’s done it to others and it ain’t pretty. Then he’ll go after my family. Please, you’ve got to help me.” Their tough guy hung his head and began to sob. “Please, help me.”
Tom put a hand on his shoulder and patted it gently.
“Sure, we’ll help you. We just need a little help in return. You tell us what you usually do when you come meet Zeus and we’ll take very good care of you.”
“Promise?”
“I promise to put you somewhere that Zeus can’t touch you. That is an iron-clad guarantee.”
Loading up the hulking mass of sobbing crybaby thug didn’t take long. Tom couldn’t keep from smiling as he walked back to his car. With the evidence and testimony of Zeus’ stupid friend, he wouldn’t have any problem getting that search warrant in his hand first thing tomorrow.
He couldn’t wait to tell Maddie and Danny about this interesting development in the case. Finally, finally they were making progress.

<><><>

The next few days passed quietly without incident. Tom continually checked in with Danny who was trying to keep an eye on things. Zach and Erik attempted to do the work that needed to be done. Some of the neighbors came over and finished baling and stacking the hay. Now that they were gearing up for wheat harvest, some extra hands were going to be needed.
“I think we can get the boys we hired last summer to help again,” Zach said to Erik over dinner one evening. Maddie was attempting to cook and the guys valiantly attempted to eat what she prepared. Some days she did great, others they ate sandwiches in the backyard as the stench of burnt offerings filled the house. But she was learning. It gave her something to do while they waited for Zeus to make his next move.
Maddie was in the midst of trying to figure out how to bake a chicken when her new cell phone rang.
“Hey, Tom. Do you know anything about baking chickens?” Maddie asked good-naturedly.
“Not a thing, other than they are quite tasty to eat,” Tom said with a laugh. “It’s good to hear a smile in your voice, Maddie.”
“Thanks, Tom. I’ve got to keep living one day at a time and humor seems to be the only thing keeping me sane these days.”
“I understand,” Tom said then cleared his throat. “I’ve got some news for you.”
“What sort of news?”
“We finally got a search warrant for the art gallery. We should have had the warrant days ago, but we kept getting the run around. I’m starting to think Zeus has some friends in high places.”
“It wouldn’t surprise me. Some people can be easily bought,” Maddie said, disgusted by the truth of her statement.
“We found a few interesting things there. Quite interesting,” Tom said, knowing what they found would both disturb and excite Maddie.
Maddie sensed his hesitation. “Just spill it, Tom. I’m a big girl. I can take it.”
“Apparently Mr. Johnson has an upstairs apartment at the art gallery that even the store manager didn’t know about. We discovered a hidden door in the storage room and followed it upstairs to quite a spacious and luxurious apartment. It was surprisingly clean and sterile. No family photos, not much of anything that made it look lived in or personal, except for one room. An office.”
“What was in the office, Tom?” Maddie asked, completely abandoning the chicken and sitting down at the table. “What don’t you want to tell me?”
“There were photos of you, Maddie. Hundreds of photos plastered all over the walls. Photos of you working. Photos of you taken through the windows of your apartment, of you shopping for groceries and at the mall. There were also several photos of you on the farm and with your family.” Tom let out a sigh. “Maddie, he… he has many photos of you sleeping.”
“Oh,” Maddie said as a wave of fear washed over her, dragging her down beneath the surface of reality. Her personal sense of security reached an all new level of despair as she registered the fact that Zeus had not only broken into her apartment and watched her while she slept, but she hadn’t heard him. She was a cop for goodness sakes. She was trained to be on the alert all the time. How could she have slept through that?
“Maddie, whatever you are thinking, just stop it. This has nothing to do with your talents or skills. He has more issues and levels of demented thinking than we realized. We’ve had profilers working on this case and you know that Zeus doesn’t fit any classic or typical profile. He’s too random, too unpredictable. We definitely didn’t realize just how obsessed he is with you. What I want to find out is why. It just doesn’t make any sense.”
“I know that, but what else, Tom? Just get it over with,” Maddie said, leaning back in the chair and rubbing her hand up and down her arm, fighting off the gooseflesh that rippled over her. She felt defiled, tainted.
“Files filled with every detail anyone could ever want to know about you. He knows everything from your favorite flavor of coffee and your birth date to your dislike of asparagus to the birthmark on your…”
Air whooshed out of Maddie’s lungs. If she hadn’t already been sitting, she might have sunk to the floor. This was worse than she had imagined, even in her worst nightmares.
“How would he know… how could he know… Tom, I…” Maddie couldn’t even form coherent thoughts at this point. He had watched her sleep. He had seen her naked, or nearly so, to know about her birthmark. He’d been close enough to know what she was eating and drinking. What else had he seen? What else did he know?
Maddie had never felt so vulnerable and exposed in her entire life. Mortified, she wanted to crawl in a hole and pull it in after herself, shutting out everyone and everything.
“Calm down, Maddie. Take a deep breath. There’s more, but you’ll like this part,” Tom said, hoping she would keep herself together. Mad Dog hadn’t ever let him down yet. “We found a box full of passports and photos. Our Mr. Zeus has no less than a dozen disguises including that of Jude Johnson and an elderly gentleman named Martin Ross. I’m guessing Martin is the one who spied on your dinner with Erik. I’m going to put together copies of all this info and have it couriered to you today. It will be hand-delivered by someone you recognize, so expect to have it this evening.”
“Okay, Tom,” Maddie said, her mind racing. “I’ll be watching for the info.”
“Don’t let this get to you, Mad Dog. Remember this isn’t about you or anything you’ve done. It’s about catching a psychopath that just happened to choose you as his personal target.”
“Right,” Maddie said. “Hey, Tom, can you send copies of the photos, too? At least the ones he took while I was sleeping?”
“Are you sure you want them?” Tom asked, not sure it was a great idea.
“Yeah, I do. I’ve got a few ideas and I want to see if they hold water. I can handle it. Just make sure you send them.”
“Will do, boss,” Tom teased. “Lena says to tell you she misses you terribly and she hopes the guys aren’t starving to death.”
Maddie laughed. “Tell her I bought an industrial sized jar of peanut butter and they found her stash of strawberry jam. They’ll survive.”
“Bye, Mad Dog.”
Maddie’s mind wouldn’t stop spinning around the information Tom had shared. Her hands practically itched to dig into the files.
The evening sun was nearly setting when she heard a car coming up the drive. Looking out the window, she smiled and turned to Danny. “Why don’t you get the door, Danny Boy?”
“Why?” Danny said, getting up from the table where he, Erik and Zach were looking through the daily paper.
“I think you’ll want to, that’s why.” Maddie couldn’t keep from smiling when Danny opened the door to find his fiancée standing there.
Letting out a whoop, he swung her up into his arms and kissed her soundly, the file of paperwork crushed between them.
“Aubrey, you are a sight for sore eyes,” Danny said as he finally set her down in the kitchen and pulled her close to his side. Turning to Zach and Erik, Danny couldn’t wipe the huge grin off his face. “This is my fiancée Aubrey. Aubrey, you know Maddie. This is her brother, Zach, and her boyfriend, Erik.”
Aubrey made the appropriate comments when Zach and Erik both rose and shook her hand.  She was a lovely woman with long, mahogany colored hair, a willowy figure and wide almond-shaped gray eyes.
Maddie mulled over the title Danny gave Erik. Boyfriend? Was that what he was to her? While it was simple enough to use for introduction purposes, Maddie knew Erik was much, much more to her than just a boyfriend. He reached places in her soul that had never been touched. She felt a connection to him that twined their hearts together so closely, sometimes the very joy of it made her ache with pleasure and longing.
Pouring Aubrey a glass of tea and scooping her a bowl of the ice cream they were all eating, Maddie took the file and started pulling out papers and photos. She hadn’t told Zach or Erik about the details, although she did go over what she knew from the call with Danny. As they spread everything out on the table, Erik grew quiet and distant. At one point he got up and walked around the kitchen, hands splayed through his hair before drawing in several deep breaths and sitting back down.
Aubrey, who hadn’t seen Danny all summer, sat close to him, her hand looped through his arm and her head on his shoulder. She worked in the homicide division of the police department and Maddie knew she could be trusted with the information they were carefully going through.
Tom must have known Danny needed a little break from the monotony of playing cowboy, farmer and chief babysitter.
With Ethan gone and Lena in Seattle, Maddie insisted Danny and Erik move into the house. She felt safer with them all under one roof.  The old farmhouse had plenty of extra rooms, although she would give Aubrey Aunt Lena’s big bedroom, just off the kitchen. She’d have a bit more privacy that way.
“How long can you stay, Aubrey?” Maddie asked as she got up to refill all their glasses with more tea.
“Unfortunately, I’m heading back tomorrow. I can stay through the morning, but I’ll have to leave right after lunch.”
“Well, maybe we better order something for takeout,” Zach said, waggling his eyebrows at Maddie. “Our head cook is still learning how not to burn everything.”
Maddie threw a dish towel at her brother and gave him an annoyed glare. “At least I’m trying to learn. That’s more than I see you doing.”
“I’ve got a farm to take care of Little Miss Maddie-Pants,” Zach teased, using his childhood nickname for Maddie, causing her to narrow her eyes and look at him like she would take him out right then and there. That caused the rest of them to break out in laughter. Maddie was pleased to see even Erik laugh, his somber expression fading momentarily.
Maddie showed Aubrey to her room so she could get settled in. Danny was following her around like a puppy on a leash so Maddie soon returned to the kitchen where Erik sat studying the photos spread out on the table. Zach disappeared into the office to finish some paperwork.
Maddie put the few dirty dishes into the dishwasher then sat down next to Erik. Watching him for a moment, she placed her hand on his and he looked up at her, worry etching lines across his tanned forehead.
“Talk to me, Erik” Maddie said, wanting to know what was bothering him.
“This is… Maddie, this... I never imagined…” Erik said, running his hands across his eyes, like he was trying to blot out the images before him. “Maddie, this is so personal, so invasive. I feel like you’ve been violated. I feel like I should be doing something to protect and shelter you, yet I know there is nothing I can do.”
Reaching out to him, Maddie pulled Erik’s hand from his face and held it between her own. “Erik, it is personal. It is invasive. I do feel violated. Some sacred line has been crossed and things won’t ever be the same again.”
“I know, Maddie, and I’m powerless to help you. Powerless to change it. Nothing I can do will make it better.”
“That’s not entirely true,” Maddie said, looking at Erik with love and longing in her eyes.
Erik, glad to see Maddie had removed the unreadable mask she so often wore, watched emotions cross her face and settle in her blue eyes. “What can I possibly do to make this better?”
“Hold me,” Maddie said on a whisper.
Erik sighed and pulled her onto his lap, cradling her tenderly against his chest. Maddie rested in the secure comfort of his arms, relishing the feel of being surrounded by his love. Erik hadn’t said the words, but she knew he loved her. Deeply. Without reserve. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be sitting here in this kitchen holding her while a maniac plotted the best way to kill them all.
Opening her eyes, Maddie looked at the photos scattered across the table and began to truly study them. Sitting up, she picked up one, then another, then another.
“What is it, Maddie?” Erik asked, feeling the excitement racing through her as her body tensed.
“These photos. The ones he took of me in my apartment, while I was sleeping, these were taken before Devin died.” Maddie picked up a photo of her asleep in her bed. “See this comforter. I bought a new one the week that Devin died. I was redoing my bedroom then. I painted the walls and bought all new bedding. These photos were taken before then.”
“So what does that mean?” Erik asked, still holding her on his lap while she quickly sorted through the photos, making piles.
“I’m not sure yet, but there is something here I’m missing.”
“Well, let’s study them until we figure it out.” Erik said, watching her sort through the stack of images.
“I’m glad you said we,” Maddie said, looking over her shoulder and leaning back to kiss Erik. “I’m really glad there is a we.”
“Me, too, Mad Dog,” Erik teased. “Now, let’s see what we can find.”
Maddie and Erik sorted through the photos by the type of shot - work, apartment, shopping, eating, farm and other. When they had them sorted into piles, they began to piece them together, like parts of a puzzle. All the photos of Maddie in her apartment, at restaurants and shopping were before Devin died. All the photos of her working and at the farm were after. Some of them were a year or so old. Some taken as recently as a few weeks ago.
The recent shots let them know that Zeus had either been commuting between his apartment and Walla Walla or he had someone in town staking out the farm.
“What am I missing?” Maddie said, staring at the photos again.
“Your rest,” Erik said, standing up and setting Maddie on her feet. “It’s late and you’re as tired as I am. Let this go for the night and come back with a fresh start in the morning.”
“But I could just…” Maddie said, starting to sit back down.
Erik swooped her up in his arms. “Yep, you could just, but you won’t.  Go to bed, Maddie. Get some rest.”
Maddie rested in his arms, thrilling at being held to his chest while his warm, manly scent filled her senses. While Erik carried her up the stairs to her bedroom, she rubbed her hands lightly up and down his shoulders. As they neared the top of the stairs, Maddie pressed a hot, wet kiss to his neck, making him nearly stumble on the top step.
“That wasn’t exactly fair,” Erik growled. “You could have made me drop you and that would have been unthinkable.”
“Sorry,” Maddie said, without a single note of apology in her voice.
“I don’t think you are sorry at all,” Erik said, letting her slowly slide down to touch her feet to the carpet in the hall outside her bedroom door.
“Maybe,” Maddie said with a flirty grin. “Maybe not.”
“Goodnight, Maddie,” he whispered, leaning down to warm her lips with his in a passionate kiss that drove all thoughts of photos and files from her head. When Erik lifted his head, Maddie grasped it and pulled his lips back to her eager ones, kissing him every bit as thoroughly as he had kissed her.
“Maddie,” Erik groaned, tugging her flush against him. Desires he had long buried flooded over him with such force, he felt tremors start at his feet and work their way up through his chest. He couldn’t get enough of her lips, of her scent. He couldn’t pull her close enough. He wanted so much more than to just kiss her goodnight, but for now, it would have to be enough.
“Erik, I...” Maddie started to say, but her words were lost in the kiss Erik pressed to her, his lips needy, hungry.
“Maddie, I think I better say goodnight.” Erik took a step away from her and they both felt a sudden coolness where seconds before heat surrounded them.
“That’s probably a wise idea,” Maddie said, stepping back into her bedroom. “Thanks, Farmer Man. I don’t think I’ve ever been swept off my feet and carried to my room before.”
Erik winked at her. “Anytime, Madelyn.”




Chapter Twelve

When Erik wandered into the kitchen early the next morning, Maddie was already sitting at the table studying the photos.
Nuzzling her neck, his breath was warm on her ear and she visibly softened to his touch. “Did you not follow orders and go to bed?”
“Yes, I did,” Maddie said, kissing his cheek. “But I woke up a couple of hours ago and couldn’t sleep, so I came down to see if I could figure anything out and start breakfast.”
Erik quirked an eyebrow and looked around the kitchen. He didn’t see any smoke boiling out of anything and he could smell the scent of ham on the air.
“What, exactly, are you making?”
“A breakfast casserole. I think even I can make it without setting anything aflame.” Maddie looked up from the table and smiled at Erik, her heart warmed by his presence and the admiring glow in his honey-colored eyes.
“You continue to amaze me, Maddie,” Erik said, pulling her into his embrace. “I think you can do anything you set your mind to, even learning to cook.”
Maddie didn’t put up any resistance to his arms around her. Instead she breathed in his unique scent of soap, shaving lotion and all man. Sliding her arms around his back, she rejoiced in quiet, pleasant moments like this that kept her from being consumed by the dark and twisted world her job pulled her into.
“Did you make any progress with the photos or the information?” Erik asked as held Maddie close, enjoying their few moments alone before everyone else wandered into the kitchen.
“No, I didn’t, but something keeps niggling at the back of my mind. There is something here I’m missing. I just don’t know what it could be.”
“You’ll figure it out. That’s why they call you Mad Dog isn’t it? You never let go of the bone until you’ve gnawed it completely.”
“Well, that paints quite a pretty and flattering picture of me, Mr. Moore,” Maddie said, slapping playfully at Erik.
He laughed and rubbed his hands up and down her arms. “Do you need a pretty picture?”
“Maybe I do,” Maddie said, trying to look indignant.
“When I think of you as Madelyn, your hair falls in soft golden waves around your lovely face, your cheeks are kissed by pink summer roses and your eyes, those big beautiful blue orbs, are warm and inviting. They make me want to dive right in and spend forever there. Your lips are rosy and enticing, your laughter stirs my heart and the sound of you saying my name makes me want to hold you in my arms and kiss you until there is nothing except the two of us. How’s that? Is that a better picture?”
“That was wonderful, Farmer Man,” Maddie said, her eyes soft as her love for Erik flooded her being. “I think you might have a poet’s heart beating beneath that John Deere T-shirt you’re wearing.”
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” Erik teased. Putting a hand to her head, he let it linger in a gentle caress before looking around the kitchen. “So what else do we need to make to go with your casserole?”
“I could make muffins,” Maddie said. When Erik looked at her doubtfully, she held up a boxed mix.
“Sounds good. I can help.”
By the time the casserole and muffins were done, Zach, Danny and Aubrey wandered into the kitchen. After breakfast was over, they all sat looking at the photos. Danny agreed there was something they were missing, but they couldn’t quite grasp the elusive thought that would bring them clarity.
“Let’s take a break and come back to these,” Aubrey suggested. “I’d love to see the farm. I don’t get to spend much time in the country and it is absolutely beautiful here.”
“Go on and show her around, Danny,” Maddie urged. “Take one of the four-wheelers.”
“Thanks. We won’t be gone too long,” Danny said, leading Aubrey outside.
Zach and Erik went out to do the morning irrigating while Maddie cleaned up the breakfast dishes. She was just putting the last dish in the dishwasher when her old cell phone rang. Snatching it off the table, she steeled herself for whatever was going to happen next.
“Maddie, dear, up and about early this morning, aren’t we? Such a beautiful day, too. Looks like you’ve got company. And here I thought you might have a thing for the cowboy and he’s had a girl all along. Hope she isn’t too jealous of all the time you fawned over him this summer. I didn’t realize you were such a playful flirt.”
Maddie interrupted him. “What do you want, Zeus? Why don’t you quit playing games and cut to the chase.”
“You want to cut to the chase, Maddie, dear?  You mean you don’t like conversing with me?”
“Not particularly,” Maddie said, trying to sound bored.
“You wound me deeply, Maddie, dear,” Zeus’ voice took on a hard edge and his accent slowly faded. “I don’t like people snooping in my belongings. That’s why they are mine. That’s why I go to great lengths to keep them private.”
“If you want to keep things private, maybe you shouldn’t create a need for them to become the subject of speculation,” Maddie suggested. “Besides, you don’t seem to have a problem snooping through other people’s belongings, do you? How dare you invade my privacy like that? What gives you the right to be so intrusive in my private life?”
“Because I’m Zeus, that’s what,” he said, growing agitated.
“You are a little man with a very large ego, not a god,” Maddie said, trying to goad him.
“I’ve warned you plenty of times to back off, hon, and you seem to have a problem listening,” Zeus growled into the phone, his irritation had completely obliterated his accent and something triggered in Maddie’s mind. That voice was one she knew, one that tickled the edges of her memory, but she couldn’t at that moment figure out why.  “Just to make it perfectly clear, I’m sending you another reminder. Hope you said bye-bye to brother dearest this morning.”
Maddie threw down the phone and bolted out the door. Erik was just walking out of the shop and Zach had one foot on the four-wheeler, ready to start it.
Running for all she was worth toward Zach, she screamed, “Zach! No, get back!”
He took a step back, startled, and bumped the ignition. The four-wheeler exploded, knocking Zach on his back several feet away. Maddie and Erik both rushed to him. He had burns and cuts, but he was still breathing. Maddie called John.
“John, he just tried to kill Zach. I want him to think he’s dead. Can you get an ambulance out here and make it look good?”
“I’m on my way, sit tight,” John said.
Leaning over Zach, Maddie didn’t want to move him in case he had broken bones or internal injuries. Looking at Erik she whispered, “I want Zeus to think Zach is dead. I’m going to send him to Seattle, but as far as anyone knows, Zach died today. So we are going to make this look good. I’m going to fall all to pieces in a minute and you are going to comfort me until John shows up. We’ll have them take Zach to the hospital and get him out of here. We’ve got to convince Zeus that he’s dead. Okay?”
“Okay,” Erik said, not convinced Maddie wasn’t far from the mark. Zach was still breathing, but he looked to be in pretty bad shape.
Maddie leaned farther over Zach, careful not to touch him, but close enough she could whisper in his ear. “Zach, you are going to be just fine. Help is on the way. I won’t let him hurt you anymore, but you’ve got to pretend to be dead. Can you do that?”
Zach didn’t respond.
“Zach, can you hear me? Please let me know you can hear me,” Maddie begged. Zach wiggled one of his pinky fingers and Maddie kissed his cheek. “Good job, big brother. I’m about to get all hysterical, so you just rest until John gets here.”
Flinging herself away from Zach, Maddie started sobbing and crying, screaming Zach’s name over and over. Danny and Aubrey arrived on the other four-wheeler and took in the scene quickly. Rushing over to Zach, Danny started to call out something but Erik shook his head. Aubrey walked up to where Erik held Maddie and put her hand on Maddie’s back. While Maddie continued to sob, Erik quietly whispered what they were doing and why. Aubrey nodded and knelt beside Danny and repeated the information. In just a few moments, John pulled up, and the ambulance wasn’t far behind.
Danny walked up to John. “We’ve got to make this look good. Zeus has to believe without a doubt that Zach is dead.”
“We’ll convince him. I’ve got two deputies in the ambulance, one used to be an EMT. Zach will be in good hands.”
When the supposed EMTs arrived and went to Zach, they went through the motions of checking for a pulse, shaking their heads and offering their condolences before pulling a sheet over his head and loading him onto a gurney.
“He’ll be flown to Seattle and admitted to the hospital there under a false name,” John said as the ambulance pulled away. “I’ll keep you all posted, but I better get moving.”
Maddie wondered how Zeus managed to sneak past the officer who kept an eye on the place at night.  Come to think of it, he usually let them know when he was leaving in the morning and no one had seen him yet today. 
“Where’s Greg?” Maddie suddenly whispered. “He should have seen Zeus tampering with the four-wheeler last night.
“Now that you mention it, I didn’t see his car when we were out earlier,” Danny said. “I think I better go look for him.”
“Not by yourself, you’re not,” Aubrey said, climbing on behind Danny.
While they took off to look for the missing officer, Erik walked Maddie back to the house. “That was close. Do you think Zach will be okay?”
“Yes, I do.” Maddie looked at the smoldering heap of four-wheeler. “The force of the explosion carried him more than the explosives. I think he’s probably got mostly surface wounds, but we’ll know for sure when he gets to the hospital. He’ll be fine, though.”
Erik and Maddie went back in the house where she called Tom and asked him to meet Zach and his entourage at the hospital. Tom said they were making more strides in capturing Zeus. With the passports, Tom had been able to get a few people to identify some of Zeus’ many personalities. He had tracked down several business listings under false names. It was just a matter of time until they had all the info they needed to finally identify Zeus and put him away once and for all. Maddie knew she was going to be the bait that drew him out of hiding when they did.
“What do we do now?” Erik asked, watching Maddie as she carefully went through the files on the table again. “I’m not too good at the sit and wait game.”
“So I noticed,” Maddie said, shooting him a grin. “You’ve nearly worn a groove into the kitchen floor from your pacing.”
“Sorry,” Erik said, sinking down into a chair and running his hand through his hair. “I just don’t like to feel useless or helpless.”
“Of which you are neither,” Maddie said, pulling out a file and reading the contents intently. She laid it down on the table and sat back, thinking. Picking it up again, she repeated the process.
“What is it? What are you thinking?”
Maddie sighed. “It may be nothing, but I keep wondering how Zeus knows things about me no one else knows. Personal things. How did he find out about them?”
“What kind of things?” Erik asked, reaching for the file only to have Maddie snatch it out of his hand. Her cheeks blushed pink.
“Personal things.”
Erik held out his hand and raised an eyebrow her direction. “Seriously, Maddie? Come on, hand it over. You know Tom and everyone in your department studied these in detail.”
“I know, and that doesn’t make it any better or easier.”
“Let me see.”
Reluctantly, Maddie handed over the file.  Erik took a moment to read through it. When he finished he handed it back to her then turned to the fridge and got out a pitcher of tea. He poured them both a glass without saying a word, handed her the drink, and leaned back against the counter studying her.
“Well, say something,” Maddie finally said, squirming under his perusal.
Erik grinned. “What do you want me to say?”
“Something,” Maddie said, feeling ashamed and embarrassed. She didn’t know why Erik knowing what half the Seattle police force probably knew by now bothered her so, but it did.
“Come here,” Erik said, pulling her to him and kissing her on top of the head. She could feel a chuckle rumble in his chest, where her cheek rested. “Do you really sing show tunes in the shower?”
Maddie sighed. This was going to be torturous. “Sometimes. Maybe.”
“And you always paint your toenails the same shade of pink? What was it? Cotton Candy?”
“Hmph.” Maddie wouldn’t even dignify that question, no matter how accurate the information, with a reply.
“And the birthmark,” Erik said, pushing her back so he could look down into her face. “That one, I admit, has me quite curious. Want to let me see it?”
“Absolutely not!” Maddie jerked away from him and stepped back into the opposite counter. “What kind of girl do you think I am?”
Erik crossed the space in one step and had her back in his arms. He leaned down and placed his mouth next to her ear. “A very strong, very beautiful, very desirable one.”
Maddie shivered in response. Erik stirred her feelings in a way she was fairly certain were better left alone right now. It made it too hard to concentrate, to focus, to breathe.
“Are you sure I can’t see that birthmark?” Erik growled in her ear.
“No,” Maddie whispered.
“No you aren’t sure, or no I can’t see it?”
“No viewing,” Maddie said, tugging on her shirt in an unconscious effort at hiding the little tear-drop shaped spot that rested low on her back. So low, in fact, she couldn’t fathom how Zeus would even know it was there. No one did except her family and none of them would have made it public knowledge. As Maddie’s face took on a contemplative look, Erik placed a hand on her arm.
“Maddie, I’m sorry. I was just teasing you, but I know how much this bothers you. I just don’t understand how he could know so many intimate things about you. Things I certainly don’t know and I…” Erik cut himself off before he said more than he meant to.
“You what?” Maddie said, wondering what Erik didn’t say.
“I would like to.”
“Erik,” Maddie breathed his name like it was a prayer, leaning into the warmth and love he offered.
“Madelyn, I...”
Erik didn’t get to finish his thought as Danny and Aubrey burst through the kitchen door.
“We found Greg,” Danny said, looking pale, nearly as white as Aubrey.
“From the looks on your faces, I don’t’ know if I want to hear what comes next,” Maddie said, stepping away from Erik.  She felt the need to brace herself for the news Danny was about to share.
“He was out at the wind machines,” Danny said, unable to make eye contact with her, his jaw clenched.
“And?” Maddie asked.
“He was tied to one of the machines, throat cut. How Zeus got him up there, I don’t know,” Danny said, squeezing Aubrey’s hand. “I called John and Tom. John will be back out here soon. In the meantime, I’m going to take Aubrey to the airport. I don’t want her in the middle of this when she doesn’t need to be.”
“I could stay,” Aubrey said. “I want to stay, but someone is being rather stubborn about what I will and won’t do.”
Maddie hugged her and gave her back a pat. “I don’t want to worry about what he could do to you, too, Aubrey. Go home and be safe. Hopefully this will all be over soon and you’ll have Danny back where he belongs.”
“I hope so,” Aubrey said, letting a sparkle of humor light her pale gray eyes. “It is somewhat challenging to plan a wedding with an absentee future-groom.”
“Go on, Danny, we’ll be fine until you get back.”
Danny helped Aubrey pack her bag then the women exchanged another round of hugs. Erik shook her hand and extended his pleasure in meeting her.
“It’s nice to know Tex, here, has a fine lady waiting for him to come home. Be safe,” Erik said as he walked them to the door.
Once they left, Maddie sat back down at the table, methodically looking at each photo and scrap of information trying to find the missing piece that would pull this puzzle together. Something kept tugging at the corners of her mind, but she couldn’t snatch it before it flew away. The nagging sensation that there was some major clue she was overlooking wouldn’t let her rest.
Erik made them sandwiches and they ate quietly, each contemplating what Zeus would possibly do next.
They were just rinsing off their dishes when Maddie’s new phone rang.
“Hey, Tom. How’s Zach? Is he doing okay?”
“He’s going to be just fine. He’s got a few burns that are going to leave scars, but he’s going to be fine in no time at all. I’d say if you survive an explosion with just a few cracked ribs and a little singed spot or two, it’s a good day.”
“That’s great news. Is he resting comfortably? Do you have a guard stationed with him?”
“Yes, Maddie. We are keeping a close watch over him and they should release him tomorrow. I’ll take him to stay with Lena until this thing is finished.”
Letting out a relieved sigh, Maddie smiled. “I’m sure Lena will take great care of him. Zach won’t know what to do with her undivided attention.”
“Probably not. She’s been about to climb the walls and told me to tell you city life is not all it’s cracked up to be.”
Maddie laughed. “That sounds like Aunt Lena. You think she could just sit back and relax. Enjoy her luxurious exile.”
“You Webers just don’t seem to have a ‘relax and be pampered gene’ in your DNA.”
“Well, there are worse things,” Maddie said. “Speaking of worse things, I’ve gone through all this information until I can’t see straight and something keeps hounding me, but I can’t figure out what. I’m missing something, Tom. Something major.”
“Just keep mulling it over, Maddie. It will come to you. Ask Erik to help. He’s clever and might have a different perspective,” Tom said, offering encouragement.
“That hasn’t worked so well,” Maddie said, looking at Erik who was wiping down the counters and sink. “So far he’s managed to tease me mercilessly about my birthmark and asked to visually verify its existence.”
Tom laughed. “Told you he was smart.”
“Joking aside, I just can’t figure out how Zeus knows me. Knows so much about me. Wouldn’t I have noticed someone watching me that close. Or if he had a camera stashed in my apartment. It just doesn’t make any sense at all. And all the photos taken at my apartment were before Devin died. If he had the apartment bugged, or was watching me, wouldn’t there be a series of photos with some that were more current? Why would he take so many photos and then suddenly stop?”
“Keep digging, Maddie. I think you are heading down the right path with those questions. Things just don’t jive. We are hoping to have a breakthrough soon with his phone number, so hang in there. If possible, you guys stay close to the house today. I don’t want him to have any open targets. Just stay on guard and be ready.”
“Believe me, we are. Danny took Aubrey back to the airport so we are just sitting tight.”
“Good. I’ll call as soon as I have anything new,” Tom said, disconnecting the call.
Going into the pantry, Maddie returned with a roll of butcher paper and taped a large piece to the back of the cupboards facing the table. She started taping up photos and snippets of paper with key information in groupings. When she was done, she and Erik stood staring at it for a while.
“I keep coming back to why all the photos in your apartment and the personal info were gathered a couple years ago. He still kept stalking you, just not at such an intimate level,” Erik said running thoughts through his head. “What was the difference? Why did he suddenly stay out of your apartment?”
“That’s the question I keep juggling around in my head. It just doesn’t flow. Why? Why? Why?”
Running his hand through his already tousled hair, Erik blew out his breath. “Let’s go through this from start to end one more time.”




Chapter Thirteen

Danny arrived at the same time John did, so the two of them went out to where the officer met his untimely death at the hand of Zeus.
Maddie and Erik kept taking apart the information they knew piece-by-piece and examining it in excruciating detail.
“Why the name Zeus?” Erik asked, studying the name he had written multiple times across a notebook page.
“What?” Maddie asked, looking up from the papers in her hand. She was mad, frustrated and weary. They were no closer to an answer than they had been hours ago. The sense of loss and agony that threatened to suck her into her grief and not let her go was hovering closer than ever. They had to catch Zeus. Soon.
“Why Zeus? Of all the names he could choose, why did he pick that one?”
“I assume it is because Zeus, in a mythological sense, is referred to as the Father of all Gods. He fancies himself above all others, as the one who controls everyone else.”
“So what drove our Zeus to that place? Normal people don’t think in terms of being above others or playing God. What made him decide to become Zeus, do you suppose? And how do you play into it?”
“All I know is that three years ago, when his name first started circulating in the crime scene, it was a name that created a mixture of terror and awe among the other drug dealers. They are all frightened of him, and yet most of them have never come face to face with him. They treat him like a fearsome deity.”
“Interesting,” Erik said. “But still, what made him come after you?”
“I guess because I was the one tracking him down, trying to blow his cover and bring justice. I guess I got too close one too many times. That’s when he started sending me the QR codes.”
“But the last few warnings have been verbal instead of with a code. Why do you think he resorted to calls? You’ve said he uses a fake accent and it slipped in the last call. Why take the chance?”
“I think he’s getting desperate and sloppy because we are so close to exposing his true identity and nailing his slimy hide to the wall.”
“Then what?” Erik asked.
“Pardon?” Maddie said, caught off guard by the question.
“Then what? What do you do when you catch him? When he’s dead, or sentenced to life in prison with no hope of release, or facing the death penalty, then what do you do? You’ve spent more than three years consumed by this case. How do you focus on something else? What will you focus on?”
“I don’t know,” Maddie said honestly. “I can’t think beyond catching him. Once that happens, I’ll decide what to do. But I might put in for some real time off. My supposed leave to heal from my wound hasn’t exactly been peaceful or relaxing.”
Erik put his hand on top of Maddie’s and gave it a squeeze. “I’d like to spend some of that time with you, if you are interested.”
Maddie felt her heart melt and gazed up into Erik’s eyes, molten like warm honey. “I think I might like that, too. But first, I have to keep focused and finish this.”

<><><>

John and Danny returned to the house looking grim and tired. The coroner took the body to the morgue and John secured the area. He planned to return in the morning and he and Danny would make sure no clue had been missed.
Refusing an offer to stay for dinner, John decided to go home to his wife, hoping to shake the visions of what this day had wrought from his head.
Danny and Erik went out and fed the animals, then brought Boone and Rose back in the house with them when they returned. The dogs seemed to pick up on their tension and had a hard time settling down. They both finally crawled under the kitchen table and lay with their heads on their front paws, watchful.
After a simple dinner, Danny, Erik and Maddie sat around the table looking at the information, trying again to find the piece of information Maddie was convinced would be the key to unlocking Zeus’ secrets.
Finally, Erik went to the office and Googled the word Zeus. From there, he went through a number of searches and various websites.
Reading up on mythology, a few thoughts struck Erik, so he jotted down some notes and returned to where Maddie and Danny sat in the kitchen.
“I don’t know if this means anything,” Erik said, “but did Tom say if they looked over the art in the gallery below Zeus’ apartment?”
“No, he didn’t say. The gallery itself seemed legitimate enough,” Maddie said. “Why?”
“The information I was just reading said the eagle and oak are symbols of Zeus. In theory, what if there was a piece of art in the gallery that was a symbol of Zeus. You did say some of the pieces in the gallery were for display only and not for sale. Maybe I’ve watched too many crime shows, but what if one of those pieces held the truth to Zeus’s identity.”
“You’re a genius!” Maddie said, throwing her arms around Erik and kissing his cheek. “I’m calling Tom right now.”
While Maddie was on the phone, Danny and Erik went over the list of information found in Zeus’ apartment. Other than the passports, there was nothing that alluded to him personally. And each passport had a fake name as well as identity. It would be hard to tell which one of the many photos was the real Zeus, if any of them were.
Before Maddie hung up the phone, Danny signaled that he wanted to talk to the boss.
“Tom, I’m sure you’ve already done this, but can you run all the passport photos through facial recognition again. The one thing that is consistent in all the photos is the shape of his face around his eyes. Can they focus in on that specific area and see if they find anything?”
“We’ll run them again, thanks for thinking of it,” Tom said. “See if you can get Maddie to rest and make sure Erik has a gun. Zeus is getting more unpredictable and antsy.”
“Will do, Tom. Goodnight.”
Turning to Maddie, Danny shot her one of his trademark grins. “The boss said to tell you to get some rest and to listen to everything I tell you to do.”
“Why don’t I believe you, Danny Boy?” Maddie said, her head cocked to one side.
“I don’t know why, but I think you should bring both of us a big bowl of ice cream and then belt out a few choruses from West Side Story, or maybe Oklahoma!,” Danny teased. “Don’t you think so, Erik?”
“Absolutely,” Erik agreed, leaning back in his chair far enough that the front legs came up off the floor. Maddie stomped over to him and shoved the chair back down.
“There will be no manly breaking of chair legs, no singing and if you want ice cream you two can just get it yourself.”
“I’m not sure what your opinion is Maddie. Maybe you need to speak more clearly for us,” Danny said with a roguish smile.
“How does Aubrey put up with you?” Maddie asked, feigning annoyance. “Does she truly realize what she is getting into saddling herself with you for the rest of forever?”
“I think she’s got a pretty good idea,” Danny said, sending Maddie a wink.
Maddie gave him a shove along with a smile.
“I don’t think any of us are going to sleep soundly tonight and I’m all for someone being on watch. I’ll volunteer to go first.”
“Fine, Maddie, but I think we should all sleep down here tonight,” Erik said, standing up from the table and stretching. “Danny could stay in Lena’s room and I can sleep on the couch.”
“Sounds like a good plan to me,” Danny said, walking down the hall. “Just wake me up when you want me to take a turn. Erik, Tom said to be sure you’ve got a gun on you. If you don’t have one, borrow one from Maddie. There are more guns than a dirty pawn shop could unload hidden around this house.”
“That is not true,” Maddie said. “Only half that many.”
Giving Erik Zach’s pistol and finding bedding for the couch, she gave Erik a quick kiss goodnight before returning to the kitchen.
The echo of something from her past, some vital little nugget of memory, was growing stronger. Maddie knew it would come to her. She just hoped it would be soon. Time was not on their side and the likelihood that Zeus would come completely unhinged in the very near future was all too real.
By one in the morning, Maddie was exhausted and could no longer keep her eyes open. She went and roused Danny out of bed and collapsed in the spot he vacated.
When she awoke the next morning, Erik and Danny were both nursing cups of strong black coffee, looking gritty-eyed and bone-tired.
“You both look like you got dragged through a knot-hole upside down and backward.”
“Well, I’ve seen you looking more glamorous a time or two yourself, Miss Beauty Queen,” Danny commented, sipping his coffee. “Or is it Little Miss Maddie-Pants?”
Her appearance was about the farthest thing from her mind at the moment. Every time she would drift off to sleep a voice, Zeus’ voice minus the accent, would trip around her mind, poking at the embers of something just out of her mental grasp. It was about to drive her mad.
At John’s arrival, Danny accompanied him back out to yesterday’s crime scene while Erik did the few chores that needed done in the barn, fed and watered the livestock nearby, and looked with regret at the crops that needed attention. The wheat harvest should be starting any day and hay bales still stood waiting to be picked up in one field. He itched to climb in the stacker and scoop up the bales, layering them into neat stacks.
Instead he turned and looked at the old farm house. This farm had been his home for almost four months. He’d come to love not only Maddie, but the land, and her family. He missed her dad and could only imagine the grief she had packed away so she could keep focused on the case. He had never met a woman like Maddie - so strong and determined to do what was right, no matter the personal cost to her.
She was one of a kind.
While he was standing in the shade of the barn, Boone wandered over to him and sat whining by his knee. The dog was usually full of pep and vigor. Today, he was oddly subdued and unsure.
Even before Boone started to growl, Erik felt the hair on his neck stand on end. Zeus was here, close enough to smell his fear, close enough to get to Maddie if he let him. Erik might be a simple farmer, but he was also a resourceful one. Stretching out his hand, quietly and slowly, he grasped the handle of a nearby pitchfork where it stuck in a bale of hay. He left Zach’s pistol in the house, forgetting to bring it with him outside. He had a gun in his pickup, but it was parked across the yard by the machine shed. Zeus would riddle him full of holes before he took three steps in that direction.
Feeling cold steel against his neck, Erik knew the time had come to end this nightmare.

<><><>

Maddie sat at the table, ready to scream. Why would the one elusive little bit of information not come to the surface of her tormented mind? Resting her head in her hands, she took deep breaths and let her thoughts tumble. Devin had once told her she needed to learn to better control her mind and she could better control what was going on around her.
She thought of Devin, her parents, of Danny’s partner, the countless others who had died by Zeus’ tainted hand. There was no reason for it. No personal gain for him other than to watch the suffering of others.
Suddenly, the cobwebs in Maddie’s mind cleared and she realized with perfect, absolute clarity who Zeus really was.
Digging for her phone, she called Tom. He answered on the first ring.
“Maddie, Erik was right,” Tom said, so excited he didn’t give her a chance to talk. “There is a huge bronze oak tree in the art gallery. The base was hollow. You’ll never guess what we found there. Zeus is really…”
“I know, Tom. I just figured it out. The photos, the details. How did we miss this all along? He played us all for fools.”
“Well, we’ve got him now. We just need to find him. I’m sending a team out on the first flight this morning. They’ll be there soon.”
It was then Maddie noticed a small brown envelope peeking out from the pile of papers scattered across the table.
“He’s been in the house, Tom,” Maddie said, ripping open the envelope and finding another QR Code. Using her old phone she scanned it while keeping Tom on the other phone.
Sucking in her breath, it was a photo of Erik with a message.

“Goodbye, lover boy. You could do so much better than a stupid farmer.”

“I have a feeling he isn’t going to be hard to find. I better go let Erik…” Maddie heard gunshots out at the barn and ran for the door. “Tom, he’s here. He’s here right now. I hear gunfire. Erik is out there and he doesn’t even have a gun on him. Call Danny for me.”
Quietly opening the kitchen door, Maddie cautiously worked her way from the house, keeping an eye on the barn. As she got closer, she found their dog Rose dead, then saw Boone lying in a pool of blood by the barn’s double doors. Wanting to run to the dog as she watched his erratic breathing, she instead circled carefully around to the barn’s side door, which was open.
Stepping inside, she willed her eyes to quickly adjust to the dim interior. The smells of hay, manure and horse wafted around her along with the smell of gun powder.
Keeping her Glock drawn, she worked her way farther into the barn, moving slowly. Listening intently, she could hear the rasp of labored breathing coming from behind her. Turning, she made her way down the barn aisle without making a sound, terrified of what she would find. A pair of brown leather work boots stuck out in the aisle. As she got closer, she could see a trickle of blood soaking into a blue-jean clad leg. Erik’s leg.
Wanting to cry out, Maddie continued to move with stealth and purpose. When she reached the stall, Erik sat propped against the door, holding his fist to his stomach while his life-blood poured out around him. A wound to his leg bled profusely.
Looking up at Maddie with anguish-filled eyes, he mouthed, “Run,” before Maddie felt her feet kicked out from under her. Rolling, she brought her gun up with her as she gained her feet and turned to face Zeus head on.
“Maddie, dear, how lovely for you to come out and join us this morning,” Zeus said, waving a semi-automatic in her face. “Beautiful day for a killing, isn’t it?”
“Yes. Yours,” Maddie said. Out of respect to everything her mother had tried to instill in her about being a lady, she refrained from spitting on the wretched man in front of her.
“Maddie, you wound me so,” Zeus said, taking a step toward her, his brown eyes filled with lust and an odd, deranged light. “I only want…”
“I don’t care what you want, you foul, despicable vermin,” Maddie said, taking a step back. She wanted to get Zeus away from Erik. If she could disarm him, she might have time to save Erik before he bled to death. “And you can drop the lousy accent.”
“Fine, have it your way,” Zeus said, losing the accent and his patience, running a hand through his ebony hair. “You need to make a choice, Maddie. I’m willing to forgive your little transgressions, you’re digging into my personal life, but I can't abide the fact that you’re trying to ruin the empire I’ve created. All you have to do is promise to be mine. I’ll give you the best of everything. You’ll never want for anything at all.”
“Yes, I would,” Maddie said, continuing to back away from Erik while Zeus followed. “I’d want for love. I’d want for real affection. I’d want for mercy and grace and truth. You are one of the most cold-hearted, manipulative, soulless animals that I’ve ever seen. You know I’ve seen a lot, don’t you?”
“What are you talking about?”
“You,” Maddie said, taunting Zeus. “You think you are a God. You think you’re better than everyone else. That all people are beneath you. Isn’t that right?”
Zeus said nothing, just smiled a demented smile.
“You are a nobody. A nothing. You could fall off the face of the earth and not one single person would care. You know why? Because you aren’t a God, Zeus. You aren’t even a man. You are spineless coward.”
“Shut up,” Zeus said, advancing toward her, malice settling around him like a dark cloud. “Just shut up, Maddie. You never did know when to stop talking, when to let things rest.”
“No, I never did,” Maddie said, looking at him intently. “I never learned that lesson, did I, Devin?”
Zeus’s head shot up in surprise.
“Go on and deny it, but I know it’s you,” Maddie said, almost to the open barn door. Her partner and former boyfriend had been a handsome, happy-go-lucky guy with blond hair and blue eyes. The monster in front of her had dark hair, dark eyes and a dark stubble of growth on his cheeks and chin. Studying him, though, she could see a glimpse of the Devin she knew in his face. “Why, Devin? Why did you fake your death? Why did you turn into this horrid person? What did I ever do to you to create this vendetta you have against me?”
Devin laughed, the echo reverberating off the barn walls with a sound of mad desperation. “It didn’t take long to figure out the bad guys pay really well. And when you become more masterful than all of them, there is no limit to the money, the luxury, the power that is yours for the taking. Zeus was the perfect name don’t you think? My last name, spelled backwards. I’m surprised it took you this long to figure out, but then you wouldn’t want to believe the worst of me. Zeus is who I became. Every one feared me. I could control anyone I wanted simply by telling them my name. Others fell at my feet to do my bidding. But you, Maddie, were going to mess up all my plans. You were too good of a cop. You were getting too close to figuring out who Zeus really was. So I decided killing Devin was the only way to maintain my new identity. Devin really did die that day because when I came out of the water, I was one hundred percent Zeus. There was one thing I regretted - leaving you behind.  I really missed you.”
Devin reached out a hand and ran it over Maddie’s hair, the crazed light in his eyes growing brighter. Maddie forced herself not to shudder in revulsion. How could she have once thought this sick monster was someone worthy of holding her heart?
“We were good together, Maddie. And I loved you. Not as much as being Zeus, but enough to want you with me. If you had just listened to me, heeded my warnings, so much of this could have been avoided.”
“You knew I couldn’t stop doing my job, Devin. You knew you couldn’t scare me off. You shouldn’t have wasted your time trying. Look what it’s gotten you.”
A snide scowl crossed Devin’s face. “It’s gotten me riches beyond measure, influence, status, everything I’ve ever wanted. Well, nearly everything. And I’ll have it all before I kill you.”
“No, you won’t,” Maddie said, taking another step back. She could feel the sunshine on her back, just a few more steps and she could run for cover, get some help and save Erik.
“I will, Maddie. I must have you, once and for all, then I’ll say goodbye with a bullet to that lovely little head of yours.”
Devin lunged forward and grabbed Maddie in a death grip. She struggled against him, but it was no use. She decided to save her strength and gathered her wits. She had a knife in her boot and the Glock was crushed between her and Devin. She could pull the trigger now, but odds were high she’d injure herself instead of him.
Maddie let him drag her back toward Erik, knowing she would have one chance to finish this.
“I think it would be fun for your boyfriend to watch what I’m going to do to you, provided he isn’t yet dead.”
“You’re disgusting,” Maddie said, kicking half-heartedly against him. She wanted him to think she was weak and tired with no strength left to fight.
“Must you continue with the degrading labels, Maddie? You used to say such nice things to me. Can’t you say them again?”
“Like what things?” Maddie asked, wanting to distract him.
“You mean you don’t remember?” Devin asked, sounding truly wounded. “I thought you loved me, Maddie. You said you did. You told me I was the most handsome man you ever met. You used to kiss me like you couldn’t get enough of me. You honestly don’t remember?”
Maddie noticed Erik’s legs were no longer sticking out of the stall. Hoping he was hiding somewhere safe, she kept Devin occupied.
“It’s starting to come back to me,” Maddie purred against Devin. “Maybe if you let me go, I can see about remembering.”
Devin set her down, keeping a tight grip on one arm, grasping her Glock in the other. Maddie pulled his head down toward hers, turning his head so she could suck on his earlobe. She heard him groan and ran her lips down his jaw. Devin closed his eyes and started to sway toward her. Just when he reached out for her, Erik came from behind the stall door and slammed the back of Devin’s head with a shovel handle.
Momentarily stunned and unable to move, Erik shoved at Maddie and yelled “Run!” while Devin regained his equilibrium. Maddie took a huge step back only to watch Devin level her Glock and aim it at Erik’s head.
“Say goodbye to your simpleton farmer, Maddie,” Devin said before slumping to the ground, clutching his chest.
“I always was a better shot than you,” Maddie said, firing the derringer she kept hidden in her pocket. Running to Erik as he collapsed, she cradled him to her and cried. “Hang on, baby. Please, hang on.”
Just a few moments passed when she heard the approach of a vehicle and Danny calling her name.
“In the barn, Danny,” Maddie yelled. “Hurry!”
Danny ran down the barn aisle, followed by John. The blare of sirens in the distance grew louder.
“Are you okay,” Danny asked, stopping beside her.
“I’m fine, but I’m worried about Erik. He’s lost a lot of blood.”
“The ambulance is on its way,” John said, kneeling next to Devin and feeling for a pulse. “He’s still alive.”
Danny studied the almighty Zeus and thought he saw something he recognized in the shape of his face. “Devin?”
“It was him all along, Danny. Can you believe it?” Maddie said, holding Erik’s head in her lap and trying to keep the tremors she was feeling from wracking her whole body. “How could I miss it? I was inches from him the day he stabbed me. How did I not notice it was him then?”
“Because you saw what he wanted you to see. You would never, in a million years expect him to be alive, let alone be one of the most notorious psychopaths we’ve ever seen.”
“Right now, I don’t even care. I just want Erik to be okay.”
John waited outside for the ambulance crew and directed them to Erik. Maddie climbed in the ambulance and sat holding his hand on the way to the hospital.
“Don’t leave me Erik. I’ve only just found you and you said you’d be around when this case was finished,” Maddie whispered through her tears.
“I’m losing his pulse,” the EMT said. “Come on, buddy, don’t give up.”
“Erik, don’t quit now. Please, Farmer Man. I need you. I love you,” Maddie slid back as the EMT worked to keep Erik alive.
“Come on, come on!”
“Erik!”




Epilogue

Two Years Later

Maddie sat on the porch swing breathing in the hay-scented air. The last cutting of the season was on the ground, wheat harvest was through and a field of zinnia seed had been picked, leaving behind acres of rich soil that boasted an array of rainbow colored blooms through the warm summer months.
Erik’s dog, Boone, lay at her feet. The bullet wound to his shoulder had long since healed and the dog became a faithful companion and friend to her in the months since she shot the infamous Zeus.
She still had difficulty embracing the idea that a man she once thought she loved had fallen so deeply into his world of madness that he would stop at nothing to get what he wanted, which included her.
It continued to puzzle her that someone she thought she knew so well had really been a complete stranger.
After his chest wound healed, Devin was tried, convicted and given the death penalty. His attorney tried to get him off on an insanity plea, but that hadn’t gone far. Despite his unbalanced state of mind, he was now in a place where he could never hurt another living thing. Maddie said a little prayer of thankfulness for that dark part of her past being finished and done.
Using one foot to push the swing into motion, Maddie leaned back against the soft cushions, eyes closed as she listened to the sounds of Aunt Lena in the kitchen. From the smell wafting out the open window, Lena was frying a chicken.
Maddie’s stomach growled at the thought of her aunt’s special potato salad and chocolate cream pie for dessert. It had been too long since she’d enjoyed her aunt’s cooking.
Following Devin’s trial, Maddie requested an extended leave of absence from her job. It didn’t take long for her to decide to make it permanent. Seattle would lose one of its finest police officers, but Maddie just didn’t have the heart to give her job one hundred percent anymore. The rough road she traveled had brought her to this place where the quiet peacefulness of country life suited her just fine.
Hearing footsteps on the porch, Maddie opened one eye and smiled at her brother. The only remnant of his nearly being blown to bits by Zeus was a jagged scar on his chin, which gave him quite a rakish appearance. It had certainly set some of the girls at church all aflutter the first Sunday he strolled into service with her.
Sitting down beside her, Zach smiled and kissed her cheek.
“How you doing, Little Miss Maddie-Pants?”
Maddie grinned. “Just great. How about you?”
“Couldn’t be better. I’m glad we are all together again,” Zach said, pushing the swing back into motion.
“Me, too. It took a while to get to this place, but I’m very grateful we are finally here,” Maddie said, a wistful look softening her face.
Before Zach could say anything further, Maddie’s phone buzzed and she asked Zach to answer it.  He pulled it from beside her leg. When he answered a QR Code popped on the screen. For a brief moment, fear washed over Maddie then she swallowed it down and nodded at Zach. Together, they watched her phone screen, waiting to see what it would lead to.
“Welcome to Ethan Moore’s World,” read the banner that flashed across the screen followed by pictures of a newborn baby boy.
“That is so awesome,” Zach laughed, holding the phone while they both looked at the photos.
Maddie smiled down at the two-week old bundle of beloved baby in her arms. Named after her father, little Ethan was, in her mind, a miracle and a blessing. He represented the happy direction her life was now headed.
“Your husband has many hidden talents,” Zach commented as they scrolled through photos of the baby online. “I didn’t realize he was such a good photographer.”
Maddie laughed. “He really is. One more thing I kind of like about him.”
The front door opened and Maddie and Zach both looked up as Erik approached them, camera in hand. He snapped photos of them together with the baby before taking a seat on a wicker chair next to the swing. Boone wandered over to rub against his leg. Erik grinned at the dog, his long-time faithful companion, and reached down to pat him affectionately.
“Did you get my message?” Erik asked, smiling fondly at both his wife and son.
“Yes, we did,” Maddie said, quirking an eyebrow at him. “Really? A QR Code for Ethan?”
“Well, why not?” Erik said, leaning over and rubbing a gentle finger on the baby’s soft cheek. “This little man is going to grow up to do great things, so he needs his own website. It will be a fun way to keep his Aunt Lena and Uncle Zach up to date on his achievements, like champion drooler and sleeping for three hours straight.”
“Don’t forget diaper-filler,” Zach said. “He seems to be quite talented at that.”
Indignant on behalf of Ethan, Maddie huffed. “He’s perfect just like he is and there is no need to start planning an illustrious career of world-renowned achievements for him. If he grows up to be like his daddy and uncle, that will be more than good enough for me.” Maddie kissed the baby’s downy crown, covered in soft brown hair, and breathed in the heavenly scent that can only be found on baby’s heads.
“Maybe he’ll be the next top-notch firearm trainer in the Seattle police force,” Zach teased. “You just never know.”
“You just keep that thought to yourself for now, brother of mine,” Maddie said, shooting Zach a sisterly glare. If she had anything to say about it, she wanted her baby to grow up to have a safe occupation like an accountant or librarian. Erik might even talk her into letting him be a farmer.
“Just saying. Between the two of you, it is entirely possible he’ll be a world-champion shooter. Maybe he’ll do that cowboy action shooting or be a steam-punker. Wouldn’t that be something?” Zach said, knowing each idea was setting his sister on edge.
Erik grinned at his brother-in-law, changing the subject before Maddie punched her brother. “I’m so glad you and Lena came to visit for a few weeks. Maddie was getting too used to being pampered and appreciated. With you around, I can get a few weeks of respite.”
Maddie would have smacked her husband if her hands hadn’t been full of their sweet baby Ethan.
Ignoring her scowl, Erik looked at Zach. “If you’re game, we can drive around tomorrow and visit a few of the neighboring farms. My friend Mike is excited to have you check out his new corn chopper. He just got it delivered yesterday. While we are out and about, you’ll have the opportunity to see how real farmers get things done.”
Zach laughed at Erik’s teasing. He and Lena drove down from Walla Walla to Erik and Maddie’s farm in Ontario last week, a few days after the baby arrived. They had one more week before Zach had to get back to his own farming responsibilities. The hired hands he’d added to the payroll in the last year were dependable and more than capable of managing things in his absence, but he still didn’t want to be away too long. Then there was the fact that his fiancée wouldn’t appreciate him being gone for an extended stay.
After Maddie got married, Zach finally realized he was about to miss the boat on a great opportunity and decided it was time to make a commitment to his long-time girlfriend. Maddie and Erik promised to drive up for the wedding in November and stay for a week or so.
“If all the farmers get things done around here like you do, it might be something to see,” Zach said, standing up and clapping a hand to Erik’s shoulder. “I need some more of that good tea you made, Maddie. Who would have thought you, of all people, would ever get domesticated? I’d have been the last one to think it could be true if I hadn’t seen and tasted it for myself.”
“Oh, go on with you,” Maddie said, quietly pleased at his backhanded compliment.
When Zach went back into the house, Erik sat down beside Maddie and the baby on the swing, putting his arm around them both. His life felt so full and complete now. He and Maddie wed soon after he was released from the hospital. He stood beside her during Zeus trial and once she could leave Seattle unfettered by the past, they moved into Erik’s farmhouse and started a new life in Ontario. Erik remodeled much of the interior of the house, not only to update it, but to let Maddie know he was ready to move on from his life with Sheila. A little part of his heart would always belong to his first wife and love, but Maddie, and now little Ethan, filled up the remainder to overflowing. He never imagined his life would come full circle and bring him back to the land that was so much a part of him.
Looking out over the prosperous farm, Erik smiled to himself.
“What’s that look for?” Maddie asked, leaning her head on his shoulder. “You look more than a little pleased with yourself.”
“Not me,” Erik explained. “With you, and baby Ethan, and life.”
“I know just what you mean. I feel like we have really been blessed,” Maddie said, watching as the baby stretched. Soon he would be awake and demanding to be fed.
“Who would have thought when I signed on to put up wind turbines in Walla Walla that I’d end up falling in love with a tough cop who happened to be the farmer’s daughter?”
“Well, I’m extremely glad you did,” Maddie said, turning her head to place a kiss on Erik’s chin. He bent down and pressed his warm lips to hers. “I love you so much, Farmer Man.”
“And I love you, Mad-Dog.”

###



Maddie’s Peppermint Sweet Tea

3 mint tea bags (Bigelow Plantation Mint is preferred)
4 cups boiling water
8 cups cold water
2/3 cup sugar
Mint sprigs
Add the tea bags to the boiling water and let steep for about 10 minutes. Discard tea bags, stir in sugar until dissolved. Pour tea into a 12 cup pitcher. Add cold water and stir. Toss in a few fresh mint sprigs and serve over ice in chilled glasses.
So refreshing on a hot day or anytime you need a pick-me-up.





Available now!

Savvy Summer Entertaining -  The savvy hostess will find all the hints, ideas and recipes needed for a fun and successful summer entertaining season!

From Savvy Entertaining's blogger, this book includes her favorite tips for celebrating summer!


Coming August 2012!

The Coffee Girl – Almost thirty, Brenna Smith isn’t sure how much more off-track her life could be. She certainly never pictured herself living at home with her parents, working in a job she dislikes for a loathsome boss. The only bright spot in her mundane existence is the cute guy she runs into every morning as she stops to get coffee. 
Brock McCrae has worked hard to be able to manage his own construction company. Handsome, successful and full of life, he finds his world turned upside down as he falls for a woman he knows only as The Coffee Girl.
Is there something more than a shared love of coffee brewing between these two? Find out… in August 2012!




Coming Fall 2012!

The Cowboy’s Autumn Fall - Brice Morgan thought love at first sight was some ridiculous notion of school girls and old ladies who read too many romance novels. At least he does until he meets Bailey Bishop at a friend’s wedding and falls hard and fast for the intriguing woman. 
Bailey Bishop attends her cousin’s wedding with no intention of extending her brief visit to Oregon. Married to her career as an archaeologist, Bailey tries to ignore her intense attraction to her cousin’s best friend, Brice. Ready to return home to Denver, Bailey is offered the opportunity to explore a new archeological dig not far from the family’s ranch in Grass Valley.
Can she keep her feelings for Brice from derailing her plans for the future?
As the autumn season arrives, love falls on willing hearts at the Triple T Ranch.



Available Now!
Learnin’ The Ropes  - Out of work mechanic Ty Lewis is homeless and desperate to find work. Answering a classified ad for a job in Harney County, Oregon, Ty accepts when he is offered the position. Saying goodbye to his sister and his life in Portland, he heads off to the tiny community of Riley to begin a new adventure, unsure about his boss Lex Ryan, a man he has yet to speak with or meet. 
Lexi Ryan, known to her ranch hands and neighbors as Lex Jr., leaves a successful career in Portland to keep the Rockin’ R Ranch running smoothly after the untimely death of her father. It doesn’t take long to discover her father did a lot of crazy things during the last few months before he died, like hiding half a million dollars that Lexi can’t find. 
Ty and Lexi are both in for a few surprises as he arrives at the Rockin’ R Ranch and begins learnin’ the ropes.

Enjoy the first chapter…






by
Shanna Hatfield


Learnin’ The Ropes
Copyright 2012
by Shanna Hatfield

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the author, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. 

For permission requests, please contact the author, with a subject line of "permission request” at the email address below or through her website.

Shanna Hatfield
shanna@shannahatfield.com
shannahatfield.com

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Lesson One
Location, Location, Location

“Git yerself out of thet durn city
 and into God’s country.”

Tyler Lewis read through the classified ad a third time, trying to decide if he was desperate enough to apply for the open position.
Leaning against his truck door with the paper propped on the steering wheel, cold seeping into his back from the rain-splattered window and hunger gnawing at his insides, he concluded he was, in fact, that desperate.

Wanted - Good mechanic able to work on a variety of equipment in Harney County, Oregon. Certification a plus. Wages congruent to experience. Room and board included. Must like animals.

Ty took a deep breath, quickly typed a text message and hit send to the number in the ad before he could change his mind.
If someone had told him a year ago he would be living in his pickup, unable to find a job, and willing to do just about anything that was legal to make a few bucks, he would have laughed in their face.
That was before the garage where he worked for the past seven years decided to lay off all but their newest mechanic to cut costs. Ten months later, Ty had $486 left to his name and everything he owned was packed into his pickup.
Let go with a promise that he would have his job back as soon as business picked up; the once-busy garage in a Portland suburb went out of business within a few months, leaving Ty no hope of being re-hired. 
Applying for every open mechanic job he could find, he interviewed for positions doing everything from janitorial work to flipping burgers and couldn’t get hired on anywhere. There were way too many people in the same sinking boat.
Five weeks ago, he gave up his apartment and moved into his pickup. With rapidly dwindling funds, he sold all of his furniture and anything else he didn’t need which left him his tools, clothes, and one box full of mementos from his childhood.
Although it was expensive, the one thing he refused to give up was his iPhone. Without it, he would be completely cut off from the rest of the world. It served as his phone, computer, camera, radio, filing system, and number one job-hunting tool.
Wondering if he’d lost his mind for responding to the latest ad, he was Googling information on Harney County when a tap on the glass at his back startled him.
Looking through the water streaks, he grinned and rolled down the window.
“Hey, you might melt out here,” he said to his sister, Beth, as she stood under a huge umbrella.
“Not likely,” she said with a smile. “Come inside and have some dinner with us, Ty. You’ll freeze out here tonight.  The weatherman said it might even snow.”
“In Portland? You’re talking crazy,” Ty said, stuffing his phone in his pocket and getting out of his truck. Locking the door, he followed his sister across the street and up to the tiny studio apartment she shared with her husband Nate. Ty tried to hide a smile as he watched Beth waddle off the elevator and down the narrow hallway. Eight months pregnant, she was definitely looking the part.
Opening the apartment door, the smell of baking bread made Ty’s stomach grumble in anticipation. Beth gave him a narrowed glare.
“Did you eat anything today?” she asked, as Ty helped her take off her jacket and hung it on a peg by the door.
 Hanging his coat next to hers, he nodded his head. 
“What did you eat?” Beth asked, not quite believing his response, knowing he would sometimes only eat one meal a day.
“Half a granola bar.” Ty said, not making eye contact.
Beth sighed and turned into the kitchen that was smaller than her former storage closet. Nate lost his job seven months ago and they gave up their former spacious apartment to cut costs.
She handed Ty a piece of bread slathered with peanut butter and jam before returning to her dinner preparations. Leaning against the wall between the kitchen and the main room of the apartment, Ty ate the sandwich as slow as his starving stomach would allow and watched his sister.
Waiting eight years to start a family, both Beth and Nate wanted to make sure their careers were stable and they could adequately provide for a child. The week after they found out she was expecting, Nate came home with the news he’d been laid off from his job as a technical engineer. 
Employed as an office manager for a busy dental office, Beth had great benefits and a good salary. Even with her income, they were forced to give up their nice apartment and move into this tiny studio until Nate could find another job.
After months of Nate’s applications being rejected, they both were worried about what would happen when the baby arrived. Beth originally planned to take three months of maternity leave, but now she was thinking more along the lines of  two or three weeks. Nate might have to become a stay-at-home dad if things didn’t turn around soon and none of them could begin to think how they would squeeze a baby into the cramped living space. 
From the entry door, there was the tiny kitchen to the left. A hallway to the right led to the bathroom which was separated from the living and sleeping area by a long double-sided closet that essentially made up a divider wall. 
Ty looked around the open room, taking in the couch and small television, the one end table with a lamp, the small kitchen table surrounded by chairs, and the big king-sized bed that took up the bulk of the floor space. Even if he felt right about intruding into Nate and Beth’s home, which he didn’t, there wasn’t room for him.
Stepping back into the kitchen, Ty leaned against the counter and watched Beth stir something in a big pot. The mouth-watering aroma of chicken and herbs filled his senses. The last good, hot meal he’d eaten was with Beth and Nate four days ago.
Getting odd jobs through friends and acquaintances, Ty was mostly paid in cash. He saved what he could, but always bought a few bags of groceries and brought them over to Beth and Nate. In trade, she cooked him a hot meal while he made use of the bathroom, taking a long, hot shower and stretching out on their couch for an hour or two. 
Without a home of his own, he sometimes parked across the street from Beth’s apartment when he wasn’t out job hunting or hanging out at the library researching jobs. 
Since it was February, it was too cold and wet to stay outside much. He would certainly be glad when spring arrived. Winter was definitely not the best time to be homeless.
“What can I do to help?” Ty asked, washing his hands at the sink, ignoring the pangs of hunger that ripped through his stomach. 
“Set the table?” Beth asked as she peeked into the oven, holding her hand under her rounded belly as she bent over. Before she could stand up, a gasp escaped from her lips and she gripped the counter. 
“You okay, sis?” Ty looked at her in concern as he dried his hands. If she went into premature labor, he was the last person she wanted to be around. He couldn’t stand to see a woman cry, suffer, or be upset.
“Yeah, the baby is pretty lively today, is all,” she said, grabbing Ty’s hand and holding it on her stomach. He left his palm where she placed it and could feel tiny little kicks against his hand.
“I tell you, he’s going to be a first-class kicker on the football team,” Ty said, smiling at thoughts of his future nephew.
“She could also be a ballerina or a soccer player,” Beth said with a twinkle in her brilliant blue eyes, the exact same shade as Ty’s.
“So have you and Nate finally settled on names?” Ty asked as he gathered up plates and silverware, setting them on the table.
“We’ve got the list narrowed down to a dozen each.”
“Wow, that is real progress,” Ty teased, putting the butter dish and napkins on the table.
He and Beth both looked up as Nate came in the door, tired and dejected. Nate spent his days filling out applications, participating in interviews, and trying to drum up some interest in his resume. The past few months he grew accustomed to hearing he was overqualified, too experienced, or they couldn’t afford someone with his skill set. Those doing the hiring didn’t even give him a chance to say he’d happily take a huge cut in pay just to be employed.
Hanging up his coat and putting his umbrella next to Beth’s, he gave her a warm hug before extending a hand to Ty.
“Hey, bro, good to see you,” Nate said, loosening his tie and unbuttoning his shirt.
“You, too, man,” Ty said. “No luck today?”
“No. You either?” Nate asked as he carefully brushed off his suit jacket and hung it in the hall closet.
“Maybe,” Ty said, leaning against the wall between the kitchen and the rest of the open apartment so both Beth and Nate could hear him.
“What’s ‘maybe’ mean?” Beth asked, sticking her head out of the kitchen to look at Ty. “Care to expound on that?”
“I fired off an inquiry for a mechanics job in Harney County. The requirements were pretty vague, so I’ll see if I get a response,” Ty said, nonchalantly.
“Harney County? Isn’t that somewhere in Eastern Oregon, in the middle of no-where?” Beth asked while Nate changed his clothes in the bathroom.
“Southeast, I think,” Nate said as he reappeared, wearing faded jeans and a sweatshirt. “What would you be doing?”
“I’m not exactly sure. Do you have yesterday’s classifieds?” Ty asked as Beth brought a basket of hot rolls to the table. The steam escaping from around the edges of the napkin caught Ty’s attention and he shoved his hands in his pockets to keep from snitching one.
Nate pulled the paper out of his briefcase and gave it to Ty. Snapping it open, Ty scanned down the column of ads, placing his finger on the one listing for a mechanic. “This one,” he said, handing the paper to Nate.
“That is vague,” Nate said after reading the ad twice. “Based on the qualifications, you shouldn’t have any problem. You’ve been a certified mechanic for what, eight years?”
“Nine. I got my certification the day I turned twenty. It was quite a celebration,” Ty said with a cocky grin.
“I remember that,” Beth said, smacking Ty on the arm. “If Mom had known about your little after-party antics, she would have boxed your ears.”
“Yeah, she would have, but you were always good at keeping me out of too much trouble,” Ty said, waiting for Beth to sit down before he took his seat at the small table. Scrunched into the corner by the kitchen, the table was laughably small when he and Nate, both over six-feet tall, sat around it. They’d gotten into the habit of extending their legs in opposite directions to keep from bumping knees under the table.
Ty studied his sister and felt love and tenderness tug at his heart. Two years his senior, Beth always mothered and protected him. Their mother, Toni, was wonderful and loving, but she worked multiple jobs to keep a roof over their head and food on their table. 
From information he and Beth pieced together over the years, their mom fell in love with a no-good loser. He was a good-looking bad-boy type, oozing charm and telling her whatever she wanted to hear. Toni married him, thinking he would settle down and change his ways as they started a family. He played at being a husband, but preferred drinking, gambling and carousing to acting like a grown up. He tried to be a father after Beth was born but when Toni announced she was pregnant with Ty, the jerk disappeared. They never heard from him again. 
Ty thought that might have been part of why Beth waited so long to start her own family. She wanted to make sure Nate was going to stick around, but he was one of the good guys. Ty knew despite their current financial situation, Nate would take good care of Beth and their baby.
“This job description says you must like animals. Have you ever been around animals?” Nate asked as they enjoyed the delicious chicken soup Beth served for dinner.
“One of my friends had a dog and Mom let us keep a stray cat for a few weeks once. I liked them both just fine,” Ty said, buttering another warm roll. He’d have to find a way to buy more groceries to pay back for what he was eating tonight, but the food tasted so good.
Nate nodded his head. They went on to discuss some places they applied for jobs that day. Ty just finished his second bowl of soup when his phone buzzed. Pulling it out of his pocket, he was surprised to see a text message in response to his inquiry about the job.
Looking up, he smiled.
“What’s that about?” Beth asked, curious.
“It’s about that job. They want my full resume and references by tomorrow morning,” Ty said, trying not to get excited. Turning to Nate he grinned. “Can I use your laptop for a few minutes?”
“Sure, man. Let’s help Beth with the dishes and then you can prepare to dazzle these people with your extensive experience and credentials.”
Ty laughed and helped himself to another roll.
After the dishes were done, Beth sat on the couch working on a baby blanket she was trying to crochet, while Nate and Ty sat at the table with the laptop computer. Having gone through the routine multiple times before, Nate created a folder on the computer for Ty so he could easily attach his resume and references to emails. Ty could have done it all from his cell phone, but it was a lot easier to sit at a computer and type out a cover letter.
When he finished, he asked Beth to read the letter. She suggested a few changes which he made before sending off the information to Lex Ryan of Riley, Oregon.
“Maybe this will be the one,” Beth said, placing a warm hand on Ty’s shoulder and giving it a squeeze.
“I hope so. Although I’m not so sure I want to move too far away from you, especially with the baby coming soon,” Ty said, honestly. He had no idea how far this job would be from Portland, so the three of them pulled up a state map and found Harney County. By zooming in on the map, they finally located the tiny dot that marked Riley. It was really out in the middle of no-where.
“Good grief, Ty. That looks like a lot of open country. What if you get eaten by a bear?” Beth asked dramatically.
Ty and Nate both laughed.
“I don’t think I need to worry about wildlife or bear encounters. I’m not going to the wilds of some third-world country. Besides, let’s see if I even get an interview before we get all hysterical.”
“Good point,” Nate said, hugging Beth to him. “How about a game of Clue?”
As Ty sat playing the board game, he realized being destitute really changed your attitude about a lot of things. At 29, he never pictured himself sitting crammed into a corner playing a silly board game with his very pregnant sister and her husband and actually enjoying it. 
One good thing he could say about being broke and without resources was that it made you appreciate the people who loved you.

<><><>

Beth talked Ty into spend the night on their couch. It was too short for him to be able to completely stretch out, but better than trying to sleep in his pickup. It was also a lot warmer. Peeking out of the miniscule balcony window the next morning, Ty was shocked to see a frosting of snow covering everything.  He smiled to himself, thinking Beth was right once again.
Taking note that Nate and Beth were still asleep, Ty quietly took his things to the bathroom, enjoyed a hot shower and dressed before bundling into his coat and heading outside. He walked down the street to a bakery and bought them all muffins and hot coffee, returning to the apartment just as Beth came out of the bathroom, dressed for work.
“Told you it would snow,” Beth said triumphantly as Ty set the muffins and coffee on the table. Taking off his coat, he offered her a grin and helped her get plates and napkins. By then, Nate was up and the three of them ate breakfast before Beth left for work.
“What are your plans today?” Nate asked as he sat sipping his coffee and eating another muffin.
“I thought I’d try going to some of the bigger car dealerships again to see if any positions have opened up since the last time I checked,” Ty said, slowly drinking his coffee. It was too early to start going door-to-door and too cold to sit out in his truck for any length of time. “How about you?”
“I heard a rumor that a new facility was opening in Woodburn. Thought I’d drive down and check it out. If I can get a contact name, maybe I can get my foot in the door before they fill all the positions,” Nate said, finishing his coffee and getting up from the table. He and Ty did the few dishes from breakfast and left them in the drainer to dry.
Shrugging into his coat, Ty gave Nate a slap on the shoulder as they stood at the door.
“Thanks for letting me crash here last night. I might have frozen outside,” Ty said, opening the door. 
“Thanks for coming in. You know Beth worries about you. You’re always welcome, bro,” Nate said as Ty waved and walked down the hall.
Before he had a chance to make the dealership rounds, a friend called and asked Ty if he could come over right away to do some work on a car.
Ty arrived at Jeff’s house to find his wife’s car dead in the garage. It didn’t take long to determine the problem. Calling Jeff, he offered an estimate on the cost of parts. Jeff gave him the go-ahead so Ty purchased the parts with his credit card and had the car back together and running smoothly by the time Jeff arrived home for lunch. Taking the car for a quick test drive, Jeff stopped by the bank and made a withdrawal, paying Ty for the parts and throwing in a nice chunk of change for his labor. 
Inviting him in for lunch, Ty accepted and they visited for a few minutes before Jeff headed back to work. 
Ty deposited the cash needed to cover the credit card expenses into his bank account then pocketed the rest, planning to buy some groceries for Beth and Nate later that afternoon. He was waiting in line to leave the bank parking lot when his cell phone buzzed with a text message. 
Pulling back into a parking space he read the text from Lex Ryan about the job in Riley. According to the message, Lex was impressed with his experience and references and wanted to conduct an interview.  Ty needed to call someone named Swede at four o’clock if he was interested. He would also be receiving a list of questions Lex wanted completed and e-mailed back before four if that was possible.
Ty quickly changed his plans and drove to the library. Going inside, he sat down at an empty computer station, opened his email account and completed the questionnaire from Lex.
At first the questions didn’t seem like anything out of the ordinary, but toward the end of the two-page document, a few of them caught him off guard. 
He answered them as best he could, confused and somewhat unsettled by the questions:

Are you afraid of dogs?
     No
Do wide open spaces bother you?
     No
Can you live without access to modern conveniences?
    Yes

Ty didn’t know how he could have access to any fewer conveniences than he did living in his pickup, but decided it was best not to offer that opinion.

Are you willing to relocate to a rural atmosphere?
     Yes

How bad could it be living in the country? He’d gone for many drives outside of Portland and enjoyed the gentle rolling hills of farmland. It seemed peaceful and nice. He could adjust to that, no problem.

The final question Ty classified as downright bizarre:

Will it bother you to live in a house with the rest of the hands without access to a nightlife or eligible young females? 
     No

A guy living in his truck doesn’t have a night life or dating scene and there are no eligible females who want to hang out with a man who is homeless, so it didn’t bother Ty in the least to answer that question honestly. 
The reason behind the question did, however, give him a moment of pause before he hit send.
He needed this job, though, and if Mr. Ryan had a few quirks, so be it. 
Staying at the library until time for his phone call, Ty found a quiet corner and pulled a small notebook out of his coat pocket. He used it to keep track of all sorts of information and wanted to have it handy in case he needed to take any notes from the call today.
At two minutes before four, he punched in the number and the phone was answered on the first ring.
“Rockin’ R Ranch,” said a voice that sounded like it chewed gravel for breakfast.
“Hi, this is Tyler Lewis. I was asked to call this number at four today and speak with Mr. Swede,” Ty said, trying to use his best professional phone manners.
“I’m Swede and yer right on time. And it’s jes Swede, no mister needed,” Swede said. “The boss asked me to interview ya since I’m the one ya’ll mostly be workin’ with, so let’s git ‘er done.”
Swede asked Ty a number of questions about his skills, experience and training. Ty got a little worried when Swede asked if he’d ever worked on farm equipment. Ty honestly answered he had not, but added that he could fix everything from lawnmowers to semi-trucks.
Sounding pleased, Swede went over the list of questions Ty answered earlier that afternoon via email.
“Are ya sure ya can live somewhere thet’s remote without much in the way of a social life?” Swede asked. “It’s all guys around this place and it’s a long way to town if yer lookin’ for some Saturday night action.”
“I haven’t had much of a social life since I lost my job, Swede. I don’t see that the location will make much difference in that,” Ty said, badly wanting this job. He didn’t care if it was in Timbuktu; he needed to be employed for his own sanity and sense of self-worth, not to mention the money he could give to Beth and Nate until they got back on their feet.
“All right, then,” Swede said. “Let me talk with the boss and one of us will get back to ya.”
“Thank you, Swede. I appreciate the opportunity to interview with you.”
“No problem. Talk to ya soon.”
Ty hung up the phone feeling like the interview went well. In a moment of self-deprecating humor, he realized if he did land the job, he was all packed and ready to go. 
Looking at his watch, he hustled out of the library to the grocery store, filling a cart with fresh fruit and vegetables along with cuts of beef and chicken. As a splurge, he added a strawberry cheesecake from the bakery, Beth’s favorite.
Arriving at her apartment building, he lugged the groceries to her door and rang the bell. She opened it, surprised to see him.
“Hey, I didn’t expect to see you again for a few days. What are you up to?” she asked, stepping aside as he came in the door and set the grocery bags on the kitchen floor. “What’s all this, Ty?”
“Jeff hired me to fix Geena’s car today and paid in cash. Thought I’d just restock some of what I ate yesterday,” Ty said, putting groceries away. He felt Beth tug on his arm and looked down into her tear-filled eyes. She attempted to give him a hug around her wide girth, making them both laugh. 
“You are such a good brother and good man,” Beth said, swiping at the tears that trickled down her cheeks. “Thank you.” 
“You’re welcome. How about you feed me dinner and we’ll call it even?” Ty asked, taking the cheesecake out of the grocery bag and waving it in front of her. “I even brought dessert.”
“Always did know how to get around me, didn’t you,” Beth teased, as she put the cheesecake in the fridge, looking forward to the treat. “Did you hear back about the job?”
“I did. I had to answer more questions via email and I had a phone interview with the ranch foreman. You should hear the way he talks. It sounds like he swallowed glass, the way his voice is all raspy and rough.”
“But the interview went well?” Beth asked as she slid a casserole into the oven and set the timer.
“I think it did. He seemed a little hesitant when I said I’d never worked on farm equipment, but I have yet to meet a vehicle I couldn’t fix, so I’m not too worried about it.”
“That’s wonderful, Ty. I’m keeping my fingers crossed,” Beth said, helping Ty put the last of the groceries away. “You really think you’ve got a shot at this?”
“I hope so, although I’m not so sure I’m going to like the location,” Ty said, leaning against the counter and accepting the cup of hot coffee Beth handed to him. “Swede, that’s the foreman’s name, said it’s about a five-hour drive from Portland.”
“Well, that’s not so bad. You could always visit on a weekend, couldn’t you?” Beth asked, making herself a cup of tea and motioning Ty toward the couch. Sinking down on the cushions, Beth let out a tired sigh.
“Swede said the closest town is Burns,” Ty said, trying to remember where Burns was located on the map they looked up last night. Pulling out his phone, he Googled Burns and browsed a few web pages. Showing a map to Beth, he grinned. “At least it is on a major highway, so you can put your fears at rest of me being eaten by a bear.”
“I really hope you get this job, Ty, but I’m going to miss you so much. I… we’ll…” Beth choked back a sob and brushed at tears. Taking a deep breath and releasing it, she turned a watery smile to her brother. “Sorry. I know how well you do with emotional women, but I’m eight months pregnant and it comes with the territory.”
“I’ll forgive you this once,” Ty said with an understanding smile. They chatted until Nate came home and the three of them discussed plans for the next day while they ate the warm and filling chicken casserole Beth made for dinner. 
Ty was setting the cheesecake on the table when his phone buzzed. Reading the text message, he let out an excited whoop, causing Nate to nearly drop the dessert plates he was getting from the kitchen.
“I got the job!” Ty said, high-fiving Nate and hugging Beth. “Lex Ryan, that’s the owner, said I can start anytime. I guess I’ll plan on leaving tomorrow.”
“Dude, that is so awesome,” Nate said, cutting big slices of cheesecake and passing them around while Ty sent a text to Lex Ryan saying to expect him tomorrow afternoon.
“Congratulations, Ty,” Beth said, smiling through her tears.
Patting his sister’s hand, Ty gave her an excited smile. “This will be a good thing, sis, just wait and see if it isn’t.”
Ty was up early the next morning, taking a quick shower and dressing before hustling out to order breakfast while Beth and Nate still slept. He came back in and quietly set the food on the table, careful not to wake up Nate who was still sleeping. From the water running in the bathroom, he could tell Beth was up and getting ready.
 Looking at his watch, he knew she was running ahead of schedule this morning. He resigned himself to a teary goodbye from his sister.  When she came out of the bathroom a few minutes later, she gave him a tight hug, which sent the baby into a flurry of end-goal worthy kicks. Ty laughed as he placed his hands on her stomach and savored the last time he’d get to feel the baby kick before he actually got to meet the little one in person, whenever that may be. It could be a few months before he made it back to Portland. By then the baby would no longer be a newborn.
That thought made his throat tighten with emotion. He and Beth were close. They grew up that way and were even closer since their mom died of pneumonia six years ago. They were all the family the two of them had in the world, other than Nate, and that bond was very special. It was important to Ty that Beth’s baby could get to know him, but that might be difficult from miles and miles away.
“Well, little mama, I think we should eat breakfast before it gets cold and then I’m going to hit the road,” Ty said, holding her chair as Beth sank down at the table. Nate got up and joined them. The guys tried to joke and keep things light-hearted, but Beth’s quiet sadness lingered around the table.
Quickly cleaning up from their meal, Ty made sure he gathered his few meager belongings before he gave Nate a brotherly hug and thanked him for all he’d done for him in the past years. 
He hugged Beth again, inhaling her scent that reminded him so much of his mother. Setting her back, he studied her long and hard, realizing for the first time that she looked like a replica of their mom from her warm brown hair and oval face to her small build and short stature. 
“I don’t think I ever told you how much you remind me of Mom, Bethie,” Ty said, hugging her again. “You’re a beautiful person and I know you’re going to be a fantastic mother.”
“Thank you, Ty. I’m really going to miss you,” Beth said, swiping at her tears. “Promise you’ll stay in touch.” 
“I promise. As long as I’ve got cell service, you can call or text me anytime,” Ty said, carrying his small duffle bag out the door and waving one last time. “Be well and be safe. I’ll let you know when I get there.”
Before his own emotions got the best of him, Ty headed out to his pickup. Filling the tank with fuel put a sizeable dent in his wallet as he headed south out of Portland. Following the signs, he turned southeast toward Bend and found himself there a few hours later. He filled up with fuel again and ate a quick lunch, although it wasn’t quite yet eleven.
Getting back on the road, he continued driving southeast on Highway 20. As the pine trees and neat little farms gave way to mile after mile of sagebrush and open land, Ty thought he may have reached the end of the earth. Looking back, forward, right and left, all he could see was sagebrush and more sagebrush interrupted by the occasional craggy rocks and straggly looking trees he thought might be junipers.
Swede wasn’t kidding when he said the landscape was a little different.
As he drove up to a tiny store by a sign that said “Welcome to Riley,” Ty stopped to stretch his legs. Going inside the store, he asked about the Rockin’ R Ranch and the guy working the cash register grinned as Ty paid for a cold soda. 
“I know the folks at the Rockin’ R. The Ryan family has been in this area forever. Poor old Lex passed away last fall after that awful cancer got him, but Lex Jr. is doing a right smart job of running the place now. Been trying to hire on a mechanic and a housekeeper. I’m guessing you’re applying for the mechanic job.”
“That’s right,” Ty said, not feeling particularly chatty with the loose-lipped clerk.
“Well, good luck to ya,” the man said, slapping Ty on the shoulder. “You’re built for the job, but so were the last two. Together they didn’t last more than a week.”
Ty suddenly wondered what he’d gotten himself into. If he had to turn around and drive back to Portland, he didn’t think he had enough cash left to cover the fuel.
Not sure what to say, he didn’t need to worry as the clerk rattled on about the ranch and how to find it. Lex, Lex Jr., Ty corrected himself, sent him directions last night, so he wasn’t too worried about finding the place. He had the address programmed into his truck’s GPS system, along with the emailed directions.
Giving a word of thanks to the clerk, he got back in his truck and drove a few miles further east on the highway before taking a right. According to the directions, he was supposed to drive three miles then take a left. Two more miles, he would take a right and another mile should bring him to the ranch house. 
Lex indicated a possibility of not being home today and gave direction if no one answered at the house, to call Swede on his cell phone.
Ty noticed after he turned off the highway that the road, though paved, had not seen any maintenance for quite some time. Following the turns, he soon found himself bouncing down a gravel road, surround by snow-covered fields and pastures filled with red and white cattle.
 Ty smiled, wondering if these were the animals he was not supposed to fear. They looked pretty harmless to him.
As he pulled into the ranch yard, it was hard not to be impressed. A huge Victorian house painted a shade of pale yellow with white and dark green accents was the focal point, complete with wrap-around porch, gingerbread trim and a yard enclosed by a white-picket fence. What appeared to be a garage, in the same shade of yellow, sat off to the side of the house toward the back. 
A small but tidy looking cottage-style home and a sprawling ranch house were off to the left of the main house with a hulking red barn, machine shed, large shop and various outbuildings across an expansive open area from the two houses.
Parking his truck, Ty got out and smoothed down his jeans before straightening his sweatshirt and jacket. Running a hand through his thick, wavy brown hair, he realized he probably should have gotten a haircut before he left Portland. It had been weeks since he last had his hair trimmed and it was getting pretty long.
Walking through the gate in the fence, he strode purposefully down the sidewalk, up the porch steps and to the front door of the house. Ringing the bell, he waited, listening, but didn’t hear any movement inside. Opening the screen door, he knocked on the wooden door and still heard nothing. 
Deciding Mr. Ryan wasn’t home, he pulled out his cell phone and turned only to find a huge, furry animal staring at him from just a few feet away with a bunch of sharp looking teeth bared his direction. 
The crazy questions about liking animals were starting to make a lot more sense to Ty as he carefully backed up against the front door…





SHANNA HATFIELD spent 10 years as a newspaper journalist before moving into the field of marketing and public relations.  She has a lifelong love of writing, reading and creativity. She and her husband, lovingly referred to as Captain Cavedweller, reside in the Pacific Northwest with a menagerie of wandering wildlife and neighborhood pets. 

Shanna loves to hear from readers:
Blog: shannahatfield.com
Facebook: Shanna Hatfield’s Page
Twitter: ShannaHatfield
Pinterest: Shanna Hatfield
Smashwords: Shanna Hatfield’s Profile
Email: shanna@shannahatfield.com





