
Available from Michelle Cary

Northern Lights

Tangled Hearts

Don’t Look Back

Best of Intention

Fighting the Flames

Coming Soon…

Kentucky Thunder

Kentucky Rain


Also Available as Sienna Stapleton

Reckless Curves

Reckless Curves 2

Reckless Curves 3

Secrets and Curves

Midnight Clear

Shelter Me

A Siren’s Call


More titles and short stories available through my Patreon account.

You can follow me at: 

https://www.patreon.com/michellecary



Michelle Cary

Ransomed Heart
Warning

This e-book contains sexually explicit scenes and adult language and may be considered offensive to some readers. E-books containing adult content are for sale to adults ONLY, as defined by the laws of the country in which you made your purchase. Please store your files wisely, where they cannot be accessed by under-aged readers.

* * * *
This e-book is a work of fiction. While reference might be made to actual historical events or existing locations, the names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Ransomed Heart
COPYRIGHT © 2021, 2011, 2008 by Michelle Cary
Originally published 2008 under the title Ransomed Heart by The Wild Rose Press

Contact Information: 

Published by 
Michelle Cary
michelle.cary@yahoo.com

Cover Art by Lauran Jackson, Angel Inspired Photography
www.angelinspiredphoto.com




For my husband and children, who believed in me when I didn’t believe in myself.


TABLE OF CONTENTS

CHAPTER 1
CHAPTER 2
CHAPTER 3
CHAPTER 4
CHAPTER 5
CHAPTER 6
CHAPTER 7
CHAPTER 8
CHAPTER 9
CHAPTER 10
CHAPTER 11
CHAPTER 12
CHAPTER 13
CHAPTER 14
CHAPTER 15
CHAPTER 16
CHAPTER 17
CHAPTER 18
CHAPTER 19
CHAPTER 20
CHAPTER 21
EPILOGUE

Chapter 1

A brilliant shard of light slashed crossed the sky, briefly illuminating the pitch of night and slicing Vanessa Beaumont’s heart with fear.  Driving the unfamiliar road was difficult enough in the dark without sheets of rain pelting the truck’s windshield.  The last thing she needed was the storm worsening or God forbid, a tornado. 
She fought to keep terror from holding her hostage while she did her best to avoid drifting from the pavement onto the gravel shoulder.  She didn’t need to panic and drive into a ditch with the horse trailer in tow. 
Ransom already rocked it from side to side with his nervous motion, causing the trailer to randomly shift behind her truck. The stallion hated storms and right now, she couldn’t blame him. 
She silently cursed herself for listening to the gas station attendant back in Jackson. All she’d wanted was directions to old Route 40, and he’d guaranteed his way was faster than what her map showed. 
“It’s a short cut, but it’s really easy,” he assured her. 
Now, lost in the back roads of Ohio, in the middle of a furious summer storm, she battled with her emotions.
What if something bad happened? It would be morning before anyone realized she was missing. Even then, fear for Ransom’s safety caused her to keep her destination secret. Nobody knew she’d even left town, let alone where she was going.  Not her brothers, parents, not even her best friend Morgan.  She simply couldn’t take the chance of Trevor somehow finding out. 
Nervous tension twisted the muscles in her shoulders, tightening them into knots. She flipped on the interior light and glanced down at the scribbled instructions covering the back of a gas card application. The attendant’s writing blurred with the preprinted words, and she barely made out the directions. 
Two miles, make a left, then turn right at the abandoned barn. Which abandoned barn? She’d seen three before the storm descended on her, shrouding her in an ominous darkness. 
Another bolt of lightning sliced across the sky, pulling her attention back to the road. Her ex-husband’s face flashed through the darkness and filled her field of vision before quickly morphing into the silhouettes of three deer standing in the middle of the road. 
White knuckled, Vanessa slammed on the brakes.  Wet pavement caused her truck to hydroplane and flood of prayers passed silently over her lips. 
The vehicle crashed into one of the deer, flipping it onto the hood. A sickening thud collided with her own scream as the sudden stop caused momentum to throw her body forward and her head to connect with the door pillar.  All the while an eerie cracking of the windshield under the weight of the animal filled the cabin. The truck slid to a complete stop and the deer slipped off the hood onto the road in a twisted mass of flesh and bone. 
* * * *
Safely ensconced inside the screened porch of his farmhouse, Riley Whitaker enjoyed the light show Mother Nature so graciously provided. His friend and mentor, Jesse, rested in an old wooden rocker across from him, sipping a glass of iced tea. 
In Riley’s opinion, there wasn’t much that was better than a good summer storm and with all the lightning and wind, tonight’s was especially enjoyable. 
He couldn’t think of a nicer way to spend an evening after a hard day’s work. 
Steeped in deep discussion over his love life, or rather the lack thereof, he noticed headlights come around the bend. While a perfect night for storm watching, it was not a night to be driving. Who would be stupid enough to be out in this weather? 
“I still say you’re a damn sucker for letting that woman back into your life every year. You’re never going to settle down and start a family if you don’t let go of your past,” Jesse argued.
Dismissing the car from his thoughts, Riley continued the debated. “And when are you going to get it through your thick head that Allison and I are only friends now?”
“I’m not the one who needs to remember that fact.” Jesse leaned back in the rocking chair and lifted his glass in the air. “Mark my words, keep hanging your hopes on that woman changing her mind and marrying you and you’ll stay a bachelor.”
Frustrated, Riley’s lips thinned into a straight line before he spoke again. “I’m not hanging my hopes on anyone. We made our decisions, but that doesn’t mean we can’t remain friends. She’ll be here the end of August to visit, and I expect you to be nice while she’s here.”
Jesse quirked a brow.  “I’m always nice.” 
Before Riley could respond, the distinct sound of tires skidding across the wet pavement brought him to his feet. Several loud thuds echoed through the night air, then came the unmistakable shriek of an injured animal.
The giant conifers lining the front of his home prevented him from seeing the road. “Something bad happened.” He squinted into the rain-filled darkness.
“Reckon we should help,” Jesse said, already on his feet and heading inside. Without answering, Riley followed behind, then raced through the house, out the back door and into the rain. 
“Get some rope from the barn. I’ll grab the flashlights and first aid kit,” he ordered then sprinted to the attached storage shed next to the large barn. Within moments, he met Jesse at his Dodge Dakota. 
“Hell of a night for an accident,” Jesse angled himself into the truck, then reached up to grab the handle above the door.
With a flick of his wrist, Riley turned the key, and the engine came to life.  He slid it into gear and accelerated down the driveway. “Let’s hope nobody’s hurt.” 
* * * *
Vanessa sat motionless inside her pick-up while her brain struggled to comprehend the situation. Streaks of blood and fur marred the shattered windshield, and her head hurt something fierce. The other two deer were now gone, escaping with their lives into the woods beyond, leaving the maimed and twisted carcass of the third crumpled near the front bumper of her truck. 
Except for the rain pounding against her vehicle, there was silence. Then, Ransom’s panicked whinnies pierced the air. 
Headache forgotten, she opened the door and raced into the downpour. The pelting rain stung her face like hundreds of tiny needles, but she refused to be deterred. Ransom was scared or worse and he needed her help.  She grabbed the bed rail and fought against the deluge to get to the back of the truck. What she found nearly made her heart stop. Ransom’s trailer teetered on the edge of a steep embankment with only the hitch preventing it from toppling down the other side.
The trailer shook as he thrashed about inside. He was probably injured from the accident.  It was only a matter of time before the hitch gave way and Ransom would tumble to his possible death. 
She raced back to the cab and scrambled for her cell phone. Hiding from Trevor no longer mattered. She needed help, but other than knowing she was somewhere in Ohio, she didn’t have a clue of her whereabouts. Vanessa scanned her surroundings, hoping to spot some sign or landmark as she dialed 9-1-1 only to have the phone beep rudely in her ear, announcing the absence of a signal. 
“Damn it.” Frustrated and more than a little frightened, she chucked it into the passenger seat and raked her hands over her face. 
She’d put everything on the line to protect Ransom, taking him out from under Trevor’s nose in the middle of the night. Giving up now wasn’t an option. 
Battling back the panic building in her chest, she glanced at the precariously perched trailer and struggled to make her mind engage.  It was then a flicker of light caught her attention. Not lightning this time, but some type of vehicle driving toward her. Thank God! 
Vanessa leaped from the cab in time to see the red truck slide to a stop and two men emerge. The driver ran to her, while the passenger stopped next to the hood of the vehicle and waited. 
“Are you alright?” 
She nodded and lifted a hand to point in the direction of the teetering trailer. “I’m okay, but my horse is in danger.” 
The driver motioned to his friend. “Let’s get the rope and tie it to the trailer.”
The other man gave a nod and scurried to the back of the truck. 
The driver turned his attention back to Vanessa. “What happened?” 
“Deer.” She gestured a shaky hand in the direction of the dead buck. 
His gaze followed her finger to where the dead animal lay. He shook his head and muttered under his breath. “Damn deer.” 
The older man returned with the rope and handed it to the driver. “I’m going to tie this to the side of the trailer.” He began.  “Walk up here with me and talk to your horse. Try and calm him down if you can.” 
Grateful for the help, she followed.  As they neared the wobbling trailer, she raised her voice and began talking to the Stallion. “Ransom, baby, it’s okay.” 
Ransom snorted and slammed against the side of the hauler; at the same time the man looped the rope through the rails. “Damn animal is going to kill himself,” he growled. 
Vanessa fought back a fresh batch of panic induced tears burning her eyes. Getting upset right now wouldn’t do any good. She could fall apart later, after she knew Ransom was safe. “Ransom, please. Shhh, calm down. You’re okay.” 
The man yanked on the rope, ensuring it was secure. “You’re lucky you loaded him on the left. His weight is what’s keeping this trailer from going on over. Now step back.” 
She followed his instructions and wiped the rain from her face. He tied the other end of the rope to his truck’s front bumper. The older man now sat behind the steering wheel, guiding the truck in reverse. Slowly, the trailer began to move. At first, it’s tires only skidded in the gravel, almost digging into the rock in stubborn defiance, but then it slipped across the rain-soaked blacktop back onto the road. With its wheels once again safely on the pavement, Vanessa ran to the hauler and began talking to Ransom. “Okay, boy. You’re okay.” The younger man walked toward her, and she shifted to face him. “I don’t know how to thank you for this, Mister…?” 
“Riley,” he replied, “and that’s my friend, Jesse.” He gestured to the older man still sitting inside the Dakota. 
“Yes, well…thank you, Mr. Riley” 
He shook his head, sending water flying in all directions. “No, Riley’s my first name.” 
“Oh, I’m Vanessa…Vanessa Beaumont.” With one hand shielding her eyes from the rain, she stuck out the other to shake. “Thank you, Riley, and your friend. If you two hadn’t come along, I don’t know what I would have done.”
“Well, we didn’t happen along. You see, I live in that house right over there.” He motioned to a farmhouse off the road behind the trees. “We heard the accident.”
“Oh. I’m sorry you had to come out in the rain, but I want to thank you for helping Ransom and me. 
I wish I could repay you for your good deed, but I’m already late, and I need to be on my way.”
His attention cut over her shoulder in the direction of her vehicle. 
“I don’t think you’re going anywhere tonight.” Vanessa spun to face the truck.  Despite the downpour she took a moment to inspect the damage. Cracks spread like a spider’s web from the point of impact across the windshield. Colored and clear glass from the front headlight cover lay in pieces next to the deer and steam billowed from under the crumpled hood like Old Faithful. She barely managed to suppress a groan. The damage was probably more extensive, but in the dark, it was hard to tell. The knot she’d been carrying in the pit of her stomach since she left Pinewood tightened. “I can’t be stuck here. I have to get to Pennsylvania.”
“I’m afraid that’s probably not going to happen tonight, and you can’t stay out here in this weather. Besides, we should get your horse out of the trailer and give him a good looking over. Make sure he’s not hurt.”
Her attention cut from the truck back to him. “And where am I supposed to do that?”
“My place,” he replied, not missing a beat. “I have a barn and an extra bed if you’re interested.”
Her heart sped up at his suggestion. For the first time since he’d arrived on scene, she feared for her wellbeing. She took a full step back and worked to act casual as she rejected his offer.  Better not to let him sense fear. “You’ve done so much already. I couldn’t impose.”
“It’s no imposition, and what choice do you have?” 
She glanced back at her damaged truck and pondered her options.  If she stayed along the side of the road in this weather, she risked causing another accident. Being in the middle of nowhere, meant no tow truck until morning.  There was always the option of her roadside assistance program, but with it came the risk of being found out.  
She could call her brothers for help, but Chris was hours away and Kyle was away at the rodeo.  She had no idea which city they were in right now. Plus, she didn’t want to drag them into the danger surrounding her.  Sadly, it looked as if Riley was right—she was out of options. 
Still, to knowingly walk into what could potentially be an even more dangerous situation than what she already faced was a stupid move. “That may be true, but how do I know…” Halfway through the sentence, she paused, her words trailing off. Could she risk pissing off the only person willing to help her?
Riley’s lips tipped into a smile. “How do you know I’m not some serial killer or rapist or something, right?” 
She sucked her bottom lip between her teeth and with slight embarrassment, nodded.  Was she that transparent? 
“You don’t, but you have to ask yourself, would a serial killer or rapist bother to come out in the middle of a thunderstorm to help you with your horse? I’m guessing they would probably snatch you up and carry you off somewhere to have their way with you.”
She chewed on her bottom lip some more and considered his words. With her truck in its current condition, she wouldn’t get more than a mile down the road before it died for good. Thoughts of Trevor raced through her head as she stared down the dark, empty road. Being in some stranger’s house was probably better than being alone and broken down, especially if Trevor somehow managed to learn her plans. “I suppose you’re right,” she sighed. 
“It’s settled then. Now let’s get out of this rain.” He motioned to Jesse and the vehicles. “Take my truck. I’ll drive hers back to the barn.” 
The older man nodded and put the truck in gear. 
Cautious but resigned, Vanessa climbed into the passenger’s seat of her pick-up. Riley took position behind the steering wheel and after a few turns of the key and several muttered threats the starter caught, bringing the engine to life. 
Slowly, he nursed the damaged vehicle off the road, down the driveway and around to the back of the house. He pulled close to the barn and killed the engine. “I’ll open the barn. You and Jesse get your horse.”
They hopped out of the vehicle, and Vanessa made her way around to the back of the trailer. She jumped when yet another flash lightning crackled through the sky. 
“Not fit for man or beast tonight,” Jesse said, pulling the pin on the gate. It swung open and Vanessa stepped up into the empty side. She clipped the lead rope to Ransom’s halter and slowly backed him from the trailer, then guided him through the barn entrance. 
Eyes wild with fear, he snorted and pulled against the lead. 
“Shhh…easy, boy…easy. You’re okay.” She urged the stallion forward. Favoring his front right leg, he limped down the corridor to the open stall door. 
Once inside, he continued to snort and whinny. Vanessa worked to calm him. Blood trickled from several small cuts on his head and neck. 
When Riley attempted to enter the stall carrying a bucket of warm water and a rag, Ransom reared and kicked out, creating a racket that had Riley’s horses neighing nervously. In an instant Vanessa was at his head, using her hands and voice to calm him. 
With one hand rubbing behind his ear, she whispered to the horse, while her other hand stroked under his chin and down the front of his neck.  “That’s a good boy now.  You’re safe.”  She only hoped those words were true and she hadn’t put him in even more damage.  
Riley stood in the doorway, while she soothed the frightened horse. “He’s a nice-looking animal.” Apparently satisfied the horse was finally calm, he picked up the bucket and moved into the stall. 
“I always thought so.” She stroked a hand along Ransom’s black mane.
Riley crouched for a closer inspection of the horse’s leg. “It looks like he took a pretty good blow to the knee. The way he was thrashing about, he’s lucky that’s all he injured.” 
Vanessa joined him for a closer look. Her hand continued to shake as she skimmed over the swollen joint. She shrugged the trembling off, attributing it to residual adrenaline and anxiety from the accident.  Then she drew in a long steadying breath before she spoke. “He was limping when we came in. I hope it’s nothing serious. Maybe we should put some ice on it before it gets any worse. What do you think?” 
She glanced up and her skin prickled when she realized Riley was no longer staring at the horse, but at her. The look in his eyes was one of curiosity and was that desire?  She swallowed hard at that thought.  With her body slightly larger than what was considered desirable by acceptable standards, was it even possible for a man to find her sexy?  
Considering she didn’t know the man she should feel uncomfortable, even alarmed with his eyes intently boring a hole through her, but she wasn’t the slightest bit uneasy. Instead, heat raced through her, and a tiny thrill settled into the back of her brain. Was it possible this gorgeous man found her attractive?
Almost immediately she dismissed the thought. More than likely she looked so bad from lack of sleep and wet from the rain that he couldn’t help but stare.  Not that it mattered anyway.  Her immediate interest was focused on keeping Ransom safe.  After several silent moments, she spoke again. “Riley, did you hear me?” 
“I’m sorry. What did you say?”
She suppressed a smile.  Easily distracted? Good to know.  Maybe staying here wouldn’t be so bad after all. “I said I think we should put some ice on this. What do you think?”
He blinked, then turned his attention back to the horse’s leg. “Um…yeah, that would probably be wise. I’ll be right back.”
* * * *
Halfway out of the barn, Riley met Jesse walking toward him carrying what looked to be ice packs. 
“After seeing the way that horse was limping, I thought you’d need these.” He handed Riley two bags of ice. 
Riley wrinkled his brow. “Why two packs?” 
“Judging by the way you were staring at that pretty lady in there, I figured the horse’s leg wasn’t the only thing needing iced down.”
Somewhat embarrassed at being caught gawking, Riley tossed the second bag at his friend. “I wasn’t staring at her.” Not much, anyway. 
“Oh yeah?” Jesse challenged. “What color are her eyes?”
Blue. “Why would I be looking at her eyes?” Riley argued. 
“Answer the question.”
Damn, he hated to admit when Jesse was right. The man had a terrible habit of rubbing it in. “They’re blue, okay? Are you satisfied? So, I was staring at her. She’s gorgeous. What man with half a brain wouldn’t look at her?”
Jesse let out a chuckle before slapping Riley on the back. “It’s good to see you take an interest in a woman other than your ex.”
Uncomfortable with the direction the conversation was headed, Riley scrambled to reel it back.  “Nothing’s going to happen. She’s in trouble, and I’m helping her. That’s all.”
Jesse waved a dismissive hand and turned toward the house. “Whatever you say, Ry. I’m off to bed. You go deal with your guest.” 
Riley stood in the remaining drizzle and waited for to Jesse meander across the gravel drive before he turned back to the barn. His friend was way off base in his thinking.  His job as Sheriff required he help people, and that was the only thing he was doing. 
He paused at the stall door and was immediately transfixed at the sight of Vanessa’s hand slowly running along the horse’s leg.  
His libido stirred as he pondered what it would feel like to be the recipient of her loving attention, to have her hands on his body, touching him?
Her blonde hair lay wet and matted against her head, partially covering her face. Still, he’d been able to see the deep blue of her eyes while she stared lovingly at her horse. His chest tightened at the idea of those eyes staring at him with the same affection. He stepped into the stall, and quickly pushed the notion away. This was no time for him to entertain his wayward sex drive. 
“In the morning, I’ll call Doc Morton and have him come down and look your horse over. He’s the best vet in the area and he still makes house calls.” He handed Vanessa the ice. 
“The doc tends to my two horses. Does a pretty damn good job of it, too.”
She smiled up at him “Your vet will be fine. Thank you again for everything you’re doing.” 
“You’re welcome. Now let’s get some ice on that leg.”
Chapter 2

“There’s no need for you to go to all this trouble.” Vanessa followed Riley up the back steps and into the white clapboard two story home. 
“It’s no trouble.” He carried her bags through the blue and white tiled kitchen and down the small hallway leading to the front of the house. 
Struggling to keep up with his long strides, Vanessa weaved her way around the undersized hall table housing a small lamp and an old tabletop push button phone. One thing she’d learned from growing up with an overbearing father and two older brothers was how to stand her ground.  Her biggest pet peeve was people trying to control her.  “Yes…well, I think it might be best if I stay in the barn tonight. With Ransom being injured, I’d like to be close to him.”
Riley’s foot rested on the staircase’s bottom riser as he cast a glance over his shoulder at her.  His mouth thinned into a straight line and his brow knit with disapproval.  “The barn,” he began, “is for animals, not people.”
His scathing disapproval of her attempt to stay with the horse only fueled her need to defend her position.  Just who did he think he was, telling her what she could and couldn’t do?  “I’m not fragile.  I’ve slept in barns before.” 
“I’m sure you have, but no guest of mine is going to sleep in a barn. Especially when I have a perfectly nice spare room you can use.” Ignoring any further protest on her part, he climbed the steps to the second floor. 
For several moments she remained in place seething over how easily he’d bowled right over her.  Furious, she started up the steps and lifted her gaze expecting to see a landing at the top.  Instead, she had a full view of Riley’s jean clad backside. The rain-soaked denim hugged tight against his bottom, clinging to him like a well-worn pair of gloves.  And what a nice view it was!
Her mouth went dry, and she swallowed audibly.  It had been too long since she’d been with a real man, and her libido was begging for a little attention. “I don’t think it’s appropriate,” she argued in a slightly hoarse voice. “When I don’t even know your last name.”
He entered a small bedroom on his right and dumped her bags on the bed. “Whitaker.” He turned to face her. 
“Excuse me?”
“You said you didn’t know my last name. It’s Whitaker.”
Trying to calm her building frustration, she drew in a deep breath and held it. Did he think he was being funny? “Well, Mr. Riley Whitaker, that’s not what I meant, and I believe you know it.”
His smile faded and he arched a dark brow. “Look. I understand you don’t know me and maybe you’re even a little frightened, but I can assure you, I’m not going to hurt you or your horse. There’s a lock on this door. Use it if you’ll feel more comfortable.” He crossed in front of her to the open doorway. “The bathroom is across the hall. Now, if you don’t need anything else, I’ll let you get settled.” 
He stalked away, leaving her with the distinct feeling she’d insulted him. Vanessa closed the door and shook away the fresh shot of guilt his words created.  How was she supposed to act when she was alone in a strange house with two men she didn’t know?  
She leaned back against the wood and took a moment to inspect her surroundings. The room was typically country, with pale green walls and white trim. A painting of a flower garden hung on the wall over the white headboard. White lace curtains topped windows, flanking either side of the bed. Beneath each window sat a white nightstand complete with a small green table lamp. 
Nothing like home. She pushed off the door and walked to the bed where a handmade quilt covered the twin mattress. At the foot of the bed was a small white bench. 
She moved her bags there, before crossing the hand-braided rug to the mirrored dresser on the far side of the room. Her reflection stared back at her, revealing streaks of mud covered her face and her wet hair lay matted to her head.
Upon closer inspection, she noticed the dark bags under her eyes. She’d lost track of how long she’d been driving and hadn’t realized how tired she’d become. Taking the back roads had helped her avoid detection, but it also added several hours of travel time.
Of course, there was one good thing about her current situation. Trevor would have no idea where she was and from this point forward, she’d leave her phone off. That thought provided the most comfort she’d had since leaving Pinewood.  Allowing her shoulders to relax a little, Vanessa rooted through her travel bag.  A good night’s sleep was in order, but first, she needed a shower.
She grabbed a T-shirt, shorts, and underwear then scurried down the hallway to the bathroom. After her earlier exchange with Riley, she wasn’t interested in a repeat performance.  Maybe she’d be more sociable after a shower and a good night’s sleep, but right now her head hurt something fierce, and she wanted to be left alone.  She entered the room and flipped on the light.  Much like the rest of the house, the country theme continued in the bathroom with a white pedestal sink and claw foot tub. Small, but charming, she mused, closing the door.
Making quick work of her soggy, muddy clothes, she stepped into the tub, pulled the shower curtain around the rail, and closed her inside.  How wonderful it would be to take an actual bath in a tub like this?  She turned on the water and pushed the thought away. It wasn’t her house, or her bathroom, and she had no business getting comfortable in a stranger’s bathtub. 
The warm water danced across her skin and washed away the dirt and fatigue. She took a few moments to inspect her body more closely. 
 A few bruises seemed to be popping up at her shoulder, then again across her not-quite-flat belly.  A bigger bruise seemed to be blooming in the fleshy part of her hip where the seatbelt must have caught.  None of it was anything which needed tending.  So, she decided to put it out of her mind, closed her eyes, and enjoyed the spray beating against her back, relaxing her tense muscles. 
It took several seconds before Vanessa realized she was leaning to one side. She opened her eyes. The room shifted in front of her, and she steadied herself by grabbing the slick porcelain side. Disturbed by her sudden lack of balance, she quickly rinsed and climbed from the tub.
Wrapped in the towel, she sat on the closed toilet seat until the fog in her head cleared. Stress, she decided could be a cruel bitch and manifest in different forms.  She wasn’t prone to dizzy spells, so it would make sense that once she was sure Ransom would be safe, her dizzy spells would go away.  Though there was the possibility her lightheadedness had everything to do with fatigue.  Sleep should solve that problem.  
Of course, she also had an entirely different problem on her hands.  Staying in the middle of ‘Nowheresville Ohio’ wasn’t an option, especially when she didn’t know anyone except her pushy rescuer.  Maybe she could rent a truck and continue to her friend Charlotte’s place in Pennsylvania. In the meantime, she would need to call Charlotte and let her know what happened.
She stood, rubbed the steam from the mirror and immediately noticed the bruise on her forehead. Pressing a finger to the damaged skin, she winced at the pain. Where in hell had that come from?  She had hit her head in the accident, but surely it hadn’t been bad enough to cause bruising.  For a moment, she contemplated the bruise, finally deciding it wasn’t worth worrying over.  It probably wasn’t anything serious anyway. 
After dressing, she picked up her dirty clothes and stepped out into the hallway. When Riley appeared at his bedroom door, she jumped and barely suppressed a scream. “My God, you scared me.” She held a hand over her pounding heart and willed it to return to a normal rate. 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to. I only wanted to see if you needed anything.”
After a few long slow breaths she took a serious look at the man who had saved her. Donned now in only a pair of black sweatpants, he towered over her. Dark hair lightly covered his tanned, muscular chest, trailed down to disappear beneath the sweat’s waistband and matched the thick wavy hair on his head. The pounding of her heart increased once again as the image before her combined with the memory of seeing his jean-clad ass.  He had a body built for hard labor and hard sex. 
He smiled. “So, did you find everything okay?” 
She nodded and feared her heart might beat right out of her chest. What in the world was wrong with her? How could she be attracted to a stranger? “Um…yes. I love your claw foot tub. I bet it makes for one awesome bubble bath.”
“Well, maybe you can try that tomorrow. I’m not much of a-” A frown enveloped his face and he closed the distance between them. “I didn’t notice this before.” 
“What?”
“This bruise.” He gently brushed the hair away from her forehead the contact sent a fresh ripples of desire coursing through her system. His calloused fingers caressed the skin around the bruise and for a moment, she pictured those deft hands touching her in other places. Stop it, Vanessa.  A man like him isn’t going to be interested in a woman like you. “Did this happen when you hit that deer?”
Stifling a moan, she swallowed audibly and schooled her features into what she hoped was a neutral expression. Her heart, now pounding against her chest, began to echo in her ears, and she wondered if he could hear it, too. 
“Oh that. Yeah, I’m afraid it did. It doesn’t hurt though.”  Liar!
He ignored her declaration, wrapped his fingers around her wrist, and pulled her back into the bathroom. 
“What are you doing?”
He flipped on the overhead light. “I want a better look. Now, hold still.” Before she could protest further, he brushed back her blonde curls, angled her so the light flooded her forehead, and visually measured the black and blue skin above her temple. “It looks like Ransom’s knee wasn’t the only injury in need of an ice pack.” 
His warm breath wafted across her cheek and despite her best efforts to look away her gaze centered on the pulse beat in the vein in his neck. Barely resisting the urge to reach out and touch him, to lace her fingers through the dark weave of hair covering his chest, her grip tightened on the sink top. Her sudden attraction to him unnerved her and sent her defenses scrambling for cover.  Furious with herself for her lack of control she batted his hand away. “I’m fine. You don’t need to worry about me.” 
“Actually, I do. There might be a concussion lurking beneath that bruise.”
“I do not have a concussion.” 
“Maybe, but I’d feel better if we knew for sure. Why don’t you change clothes and I’ll drive you to the hospital?”
Hospital?  A surge of fear zinged through her system at the thought of being discovered.  No matter what the cost, she had to protect Ransom.  “Absolutely not! I appreciate your concern. Really, I do, but I don’t have a concussion, and I am not going to any hospital. What I am doing, is going to bed. Now if you’ll excuse me…” Feigning anger to hide her fear she stomped out of the bathroom and almost slammed the guest room door behind her. 
A concussion? Whatever he was thinking, she wasn’t going to accommodate him. Her focus needed to stay on Ransom’s safety. 
For the next twenty minutes Vanessa paced the room, waiting for the sounds outside her door to subside.  
Finally, she ventured into the hallway, careful not to wake anyone. With the house finally dark and quiet, she eased down the steps, through the kitchen and unlocked the door. She tiptoed across the gravel drive, opened the barn door a crack, slipped inside and closed it behind her. Under the one dim bulb lighting the entire barn she could see Ransom’s shadow bouncing off the far wall. “It’s okay, boy.  It’s just me.” 
Vanessa grabbed the two stable blankets draped over a bale of straw, then slid the bolt back on Ransom’s stall door. He lowered his head to nuzzle her shoulder when she entered. “You’re a good boy.” She rubbed between his ears. “I don’t know who that man thinks he is, trying to keep me from staying with you. How’s your leg?” As if he understood, he lifted his hoof off the ground, and she ran a hand over his swollen knee. “I’m so sorry, boy. This isn’t what I planned for us, but I couldn’t let Trevor sell you back to Victory. God only knows what he had planned for you.” 
Ransom nickered and she moved to make a bed for herself inside the stall. She broke open a fresh bail of straw and piled it in the corner, then folded a blanket to use for a pillow. Before she could lower herself to the straw bed, a loud noise outside the back of the barn caught her attention. She spun on her heel and stared at the doors leading to the back pasture, her heart pounding inside her chest. Should she go look? 
What if Trevor had somehow managed to track her down? Unlikely as that scenario was, she couldn’t be too careful. She grabbed a hoof pick off the far wall and slunk toward the back doors. 
If Trevor had managed to follow her, he’d be in for a surprise.  She’d never killed anything in her life, but there was always a first time for everything.  No way would she allow him to take Ransom without a fight.  
Sliding back the lock, she held her breath and prayed the noise was nothing more than her out-of-control imagination at work. With one hand wrapped tightly around the pick, she opened the door and nearly screamed when a large orange and white cat raced between her legs into the barn.
With a quick glance outside, she then closed and locked the doors, all the while chastising herself for being such a chicken. Still, she’d expected Trevor and gotten a tabby. That had to be a plus. The cat jumped up onto the small stack of baled straw and laid down. It appeared she’d have yet another companion for the night. 
Vanessa returned to Ransom’s stall and eased down so she was propped against the wall. She set the hoof pick in her lap. Ransom nervously swayed his head back and forth, and Vanessa massaged her temples in a futile attempt to will away a headache. “I know this is all weird for you. It is for me too, but it will all be okay. What’s important is that you’re safe.  Ransom lowered his head, nudged her foot then moved away.
* * * *
Trevor stumbled out of the house and immediately shielded his eyes from the glare of the morning sun. Still hung over, it was too early for him to be up and moving, but Victory was coming in a few hours, and he wanted to make sure Ransom would be ready. Vanessa thought she was so smart, making the horse part of the pre-nup. Well, he’d show her she couldn’t screw over Trevor Bigby and get away with it. 
Yawning, he scratched his head, mussing the mop of strawberry blond hair he’d yet to brush, then pulled on the heavy door. It rolled open; the creaking of the worn tracks echoed through the empty barn. If he had cared, he might have found the vacant stalls sad and depressing. 
The stables and the business, all of it had been his father’s passion, not his. Damn racehorses! He kicked a metal pail, sending it flying down the corridor where it landed with a clank. 
They’re only good for not coming through when you need them to.
He walked down the corridor, expecting to hear Ransom snorting, and kicking at the stall door. Stupid horse has no brains at all. When he reached the stall and found it empty, his temper flared, and he nearly punched the wall. 
“Leo?” Trevor jogged down the corridor, heading for the office. It was empty. “Leo?” he yelled again. 
“In the loft,” Leo’s voice carried down from above. 
Trevor moved to the ladder and climbed into the loft. 
“Leo? Where in the hell is Ransom?”
“He’s gone, Mr. Bigby. Ms. Vanessa came early yesterday morning to pick him up.”
“What?” A rush of fear surged through him. “What do you mean she picked him up? Where did she take him?”
Leo shook his head. “I’m sorry, I don’t know. She only said she’d made arrangements for the horse, and she was here to retrieve him.”
Yet again that fat bitch of an ex-wife was screwing up his life.  Why he’d ever agreed to marry her in the first place he’d never know.  Trevor threw his hands in the air. “And you let her go?” 
“Yes, sir.”
He clenched his jaw. “That’s just great. The little heifer decides to come the day before Victory was supposed to…pick…him…up.” He slowed, looking back at Leo with suspicion. “Isn’t it a coincidence that she happens to show up right before the horse was to be sold?”
“Yes, sir. I would say it’s quite a coincidence.”
“It’s no fucking coincidence,” Trevor let loose. “You overheard my conversation and tipped her off.”
“I’m sorry you think so, but I can assure you, I know nothing of any conversation, or of the horse being sold.”
“Right,” Trevor replied, his voice dripping with sarcasm. 
“Forgive me if I don’t believe you. It’s too much of a fluke that she showed up yesterday to get that damn horse.” 
He turned to leave.
“He wasn’t your horse to sell,” Leo mumbled under his breath.
Trevor stopped mid step. Rage boiled over and he didn’t bother to stop the impending explosion. “You have no idea what you’ve done to me.” He swung up and contacted Leo on the chin. The older man lost his balance, staggered backward, and flipped over the railing. He hit the floor below with a thud. Trevor recoiled from the sound. He remained in place, his brain working to understand what happened before he inched to the railing to peer over. 
Leo lay below, his legs and arms akimbo. “Leo?” he whispered. For several seconds Trevor waited for him to move, to breath, to show some sign of life. When he didn’t, Trevor climbed from the loft, knelt, and placed a shaky hand to Leo’s neck. Panic built in his chest when he realized the man was dead. 
He stumbled away from the body. Oh, God! What was he supposed to do now? He held a hand to his head, tears burning at his eyes. He never meant to kill Leo, just knock him a good one for nosing in his business. Trevor scrambled to his feet and raced back to the house. He went straight to the wet bar off the kitchen, and poured a shot of whisky, downed it in one gulp, then poured another. Okay, Trev, just calm down and think. 
It was bad enough Vanessa had taken Ransom. With the money Victory was willing to give him for the stallion, he could pay off Skeet and Ramsey. He was already weeks overdue with his last payment to the bookies, and the threat of physical harm was eminent, but now he had an even bigger problem. “God damn her!” He launched the glass into the air, shattering it against the dining room wall. This was Vanessa’s fault.
Staring intently at the liquid trickling down the cream-colored wall, every muscle in his body tensed. 
He was out of options. It was time to leave, to skip town before it was too late.
In his bedroom, he threw a suitcase on the bed and began tossing clothing inside. When it was full, he pulled another bag from under the bed and filled it, then carried both bags to the car and returned to the house. Scanning each room, he gathered miscellaneous items he might be able to pawn or sell, then rooted through his nightstand drawer, pulling out his .38 and a box of shells. The last thing he wanted to do was hurt anybody else, but he wasn’t going to be without some sort of protection. 
* * * *
Vanessa awoke to Ransom nibbling on her shoulder. “Okay, boy. I’m awake.” She rubbed a hand along his muzzle. Then took a moment to gently move the cat, who had apparently decided to join her at some point during the night. 
“I had a feeling I’d find you out here.”
Vanessa looked up to find Riley, peering over the stall door at her. She struggled to her feet. The movement caused her head to throb. To keep from swaying while the room moved, she grabbed hold of Ransom’s halter. “I told you last night I wanted to stay with my horse.”
He slid the bolt back on the door, letting it swing open, before he stepped inside. 
She allowed her gaze to rake over his body, taking in his dark blue pants and white T-shirt that hugged every muscle in his chest. No man should be allowed to look that good.
“Why you would want to sleep in the barn when there’s a perfectly good bed upstairs, I’ll never understand.”
Taking her eyes off his chest, she frowned. “He’s injured and scared, staying in a strange barn with new sounds and smells. I knew it would be better for him if I was here.”
“He looks fine to me.” Riley held out a hand, revealing a cube of sugar, which the stallion easily accepted. “Now come into the house and have some breakfast. You won’t do that horse of yours any good if you don’t take care of yourself.”
Stiff from her awkward sleeping arrangement, Vanessa reluctantly agreed. Maybe a shower would loosen up her sore muscles. She patted Ransom on the neck. “I’ll be back.” 
Twenty minutes later, she followed the alluring scent of coffee into the kitchen. 
Riley glanced up from the newspaper. “You look like you feel better.” 
She smiled. “Some. I’m a little sore, but nothing too bad.” 
“If you’d slept in the bed instead of out in the barn you might not be so sore.”
“Well, I…” Her voice trailed off when she spotted the holstered gun at his side. “Do you always eat breakfast armed, Mr. Whitaker?”
Riley grinned. “That would be Sheriff Whitaker, and I do when I’m getting ready for work.”
“Sheriff?” Vanessa turned to face the counter, closed her eyes, and steadied her nerves before pouring herself a cup of coffee. It figured. Leave it to her to have an accident in front of a Sheriff’s house. No wonder he hadn’t insisted on calling the police last night. He was the police. Turning back to him, she attempted to look relaxed. “Why didn’t you mention you were a Sheriff last night?” 
“It never came up. Why? You have something to hide?” He narrowed his eyes at her then smiled again.
His smile could quite possibly be the end of her. That thought had her defenses on the rise again. “Of course not,” she snapped. “It makes sense, that’s all.”
“What makes sense?”
“Well, how you took charge last night. You seemed to know what to do.”
Riley’s smiled widened. “That’s my job.”
“Yes…well...” Vanessa took a sip of her coffee and hoped she didn’t appear as nervous as she felt. “Seeing how you’re heading into town anyway; would you mind giving me a ride? I’d like to make arrangements to get my truck fixed and rent one so I can be on my way.”
“What’s your hurry?” 
Vanessa’s nerves danced at his question. “I need to get Ransom to my friend in Pennsylvania. We were supposed to be there yesterday, and I’m sure she’s probably worried.” 
He set the paper aside and looked at her. “You can use my phone to call her.”
She shook her head. “No, you don’t understand.” Technically, she wasn’t breaking the law. She owned Ransom and the truck. However, she knew how vindictive Trevor could be and was worried he would report Ransom stolen.
“You’re right. I don’t understand. How about you explain why you’re so nervous. Are you in some sort of trouble?”
“No,” she argued, then, reigning herself in, relaxed her voice. “Not exactly. It’s personal business. Now, if you would be so kind to give me a ride…” 
Before she could finish her sentence, the room took a sick slow spin, her coffee cup slipped from her grip and shattered upon impact with the floor, sending the remaining liquid spilling onto the white linoleum, creating a tiny black river.
“Vanessa.” Riley jumped from the chair and caught her before she fell backward into the table. 
“I’m okay.” Even while she spoke, the room continued to twist and swirl. 
He hefted her into his arms and carried her into the living room, easing her onto the sofa. “You’re not okay. I told you last night you might have a concussion. I’m taking you into town to see Doc Sorenson.”
“I don’t have a concussion, and I don’t need a doctor,” she argued and closed her eyes to will away the motion. “I need to rent a truck and—”
“You’re in no condition to be driving, and if I have to toss you into jail in order to keep you from climbing behind the wheel, I will.”
Vanessa opened her eyes and cut her gaze to his. “You wouldn’t.”
“Try me?” He arched a challenging brow.
She sat for a moment, attempting to formulate a plan to get her out of the situation, but her head hurt so bad she couldn’t think. “Okay, I’ll go, but answer me one question.”
“What?”
“Why does it matter to you what happens to me? Before last night, you didn’t even know I existed.”
He offered her his hand and helped her from the sofa. “It’s my job.”
Chapter 3

The grey-haired doctor tapped a pen against his chart. “It’s a concussion all right.”
A concussion? He had to be kidding. Vanessa’s attention drifted to Riley, who stood in the corner of the room blocking the door, eliminating any thoughts she had of trying to escape. How could he possibly know she’d considered the idea of running away? Had he noticed her eyeing the exits when they came in? 
“So, what’s the prescription, Doc?” he asked. 
“Well, she needs to take things easy, no vigorous exercise, no stress and no driving until I see her again in two weeks.” 
Two Weeks?  He had to be kidding? Vanessa wrinkled her brow. “Please, stop talking about me as though I’m not here, and you don’t understand. I can’t stay here for two weeks. I have to get to my friend’s house.” 
“Listen, Missy.” Doc Sorenson shook a crooked finger at her. “I was doctoring well before you were in diapers, and I think I know a little something about concussions. Now, I’m warning you, do what I say, unless you want to end up hospitalized.” 
Riley stepped forward. “Don’t worry, Doc, I’ll make sure she follows your instructions. Thanks for seeing her without an appointment.”
“No problem, Riley. It just so happens I had a cancellation this morning.”
Riley guided her to the door and nodded at the red-haired receptionist on their way out. “Hey, Lynda, I’ll take care of the bill. Send it over to the Sheriff’s office. Oh, and tell Cory we’re still on for duck hunting next week.”
“I’ll do that. Take care now, Riley,” she called, peering over her black horn-rimmed frames.
Riley opened the door and Vanessa passed in front of him, stepping down onto the sidewalk. The early morning heat blasted her face, causing a sudden wave of nausea. 
She swallowed hard and slipped on her sunglasses in defense against the bright July sun. “I can’t be trapped here for two weeks.” 
“You keep talking like that and I’m going to get a complex. You know, there are a lot worse places to be trapped,” he replied, making quotes in the air with his fingers. 
His words carried a tone of irritation that sent a wave of remorse through her already battered system. “I’m sorry. You’re right. You’ve been nothing but hospitable, and here I am being extremely rude. I’m just a little worried, that’s all.”
He pointed her in the direction of the station house, and they began to walk. “Why are you so worried?”
She shook her head. “Like I said, it’s family business. I don’t want you to get involved. I don’t think there’s anything you could do anyway.”
He grinned. “You never know. I can be extremely resourceful.”
“I bet you can. Thanks, but I’ve already intruded too much. I mean, you’ve opened your house to me and your barn to Ransom. And now, according to your wonderful Doctor Sorenson back there, it seems like I’m going to be stuck here for the next two weeks. You wouldn’t happen to know of a decent place for me to stay? Although I don’t know what I’m going to do with Ransom.”
“Yeah, my place.” 
Unsure she’d heard him correctly, she stopped mid-step and she lifted a hand to block the sun as her gaze cut to his. “I can’t impose on you like that.”
Riley’s smile widened. “I told you last night, it’s no imposition. I can think of a lot worse people to have for a houseguest. Life around here tends to get a little boring. It will be nice to have a bit of a change.”
She wanted to turn down his offer and head for Charlotte’s, but her head thumped like a kick drum, and she was still fighting sporadic double vision and dizziness. Putting Ransom in more danger was unacceptable. 
While waiting for the light to change, she surveyed her surroundings. With its turn-of-the-century buildings and carriage light lampposts, the small-town charm wasn’t lost on her. Maybe spending two weeks in Jessup wouldn’t be so bad. 
They crossed the street and climbed the steps to the county jail entrance. “I would think being Sheriff would bring all types of excitement. It’s hard to imagine a boring life with a job like that.”
He opened the door for her. “You’d be surprised.”
A whoosh of air passed through the opening, cooling Vanessa’s face. It was a nice change against the already eighty-degree morning. He guided her through the next set of double doors. The first room they entered was large and open. One desk sat close to the door, with two others facing each other at the back of the room. There was a small seating area near the front desk, currently occupied by a young woman with long brown hair and eyes to match. The brunette’s demeanor lit up when she spotted Riley. “Morning, Sheriff.”
“Morning, Courtney. Anything I need to know about?” 
She shook her head, sending her board straight hair waving like a horse’s tail. “No, things have been pretty quiet. Mayor Sheffield called. He wanted me to remind you about assigning extra deputies for the county fair.”
Riley shook his head. “Damn fair’s nearly two months away. Doesn’t he have anything better to do than be up my ass about things that don’t need to happen yet?”
Courtney shot him a sheepish grin. “I guess not. He also wanted to remind you that you agreed to run the DARE assembly at the community center on Tuesday night with Chief Powell. Oh, and Dan brought Gus Peabody in around nine last night. Apparently, he tried to put a pool cue through the back wall of Marty’s pub again. Something about one of the Taylor boys hustling him. He’s sleeping it off in cell one.”
Riley snorted and took the small stack of messages from his box. “Someday he’ll learn pool isn’t his game. Once he wakes up, make sure he settles with Marty and let him go.”
Courtney nodded and turned her attention to Vanessa. “Can I help you?”
Riley placed a hand on Vanessa’s shoulder. “Courtney, this is Vanessa. She hit a deer in front of my house last night. She’ll be staying with me while her truck is fixed. Vanessa, this is Courtney Newberry, my secretary, and right arm.”
“Nice to meet you.” Vanessa’s extended hand met a cold stare. 
“Charmed,” Courtney replied, giving Vanessa’s hand only a light touch. 
“Is Mac in yet?” Riley asked apparently unaware of the frosty tension forming between the women. 
“Yeah, he’s in the bathroom.” Courtney angled her head at the closed door. 
“Fine, when he comes out, send him back to my office.” He took Vanessa by the hand. “Come on, I’ll show you where I spend my days.”
Vanessa feigned a smile at Courtney and followed him to another closed door in the back of the room. All the while, she was aware of the icy daggers his secretary drilled into her back.
She waited until they entered his office before she spoke. “Your secretary doesn’t like me.”
Riley closed the door behind them. “Courtney? She’s okay.”
“She’s got a thing for you.”
He crossed in front of her, settled into the black leather chair behind his desk and smiled. “What makes you think that?”
“Oh, I don’t know. It might be the way her eyes lit up when she saw you, or it could be the icy greeting she just gave me. She sees me as competition.”
“Are you?”
His question had Vanessa’s head rocketing up to meet his stare. He was still smiling, but the look in his eyes was deadly serious. 
“Certainly not.”
He pushed up from his chair and walked around the front of his desk where he promptly sat on its edge and crossed his legs at the ankles. “Well, that was pretty emphatic. You’re really not doing much for my self-esteem today.”
Vanessa’s pulse quickened. Had she really insulted him for the second time in less than an hour?  She certainly couldn’t risk losing her only place to stay because she let her mouth overrun her brain.  Time for some damage control.  “I was simply saying I think she has a crush on you.”
He folded his arms over his chest and smirked. “Crush is right. Courtney is twenty-two, immature, and no bigger than a twig. She’s a nice girl, but I’m not interested in being a babysitter, Vanessa.  I want a woman.” His eyes heated as he stared at her.  “I want someone who looks and feels like a woman, not a girl.  I want a woman who, when I take them to bed, I don’t have to worry about injuring. Mostly I want someone who understands what it takes for a real relationship to work. I’m guessing you’re what, twenty-nine…thirty?”
The mood in the room suddenly dropped from friendly banter to something sultry in nature.  The man was sex personified and she’d been on a long dry streak lately.  Struggling to keep her breathing steady, she shoved away the urge to step across the room and take a small nibble of that luscious bottom lip of his. “Don’t you know it’s rude to ask a woman her age?” she managed to squeak. 
He cocked his head to one side. “Ah, but you’re evading the real question here. Do you find me attractive? Because I must admit, right now I have this overpowering urge to kiss you, and it’s getting harder and harder for me to do the right thing.” 
Heat raced through her overstimulated system reducing her mind to nothing more than scrambled eggs.  Formulating a coherent thought was now out of the question. “I…um…” A loud knock resounded, saving her from making a fool of herself. 
“I guess I’ll have to wait for that answer. Come!” 
Unsure if the feeling she was experiencing was relief or disappointment, Vanessa took a deep breath, and turned toward the opening door. A dark-haired man entered, and almost instant feeling of familiarity descended on her.  Had she met him before? That was impossible. She didn’t know anyone who lived in Ohio, unless…
“You wanted to see me?” 
Riley waved a hand, motioning for the man to enter. “Ah, Mac. Yes. This is Vanessa. She hit a doe on the road in front of my house last night. Vanessa, this is Mac Collins, one of my Sergeants.”
Relief and joy cascaded through her. “Mac Collins? I knew I recognized you. You’re Morgan’s cousin.”
A cautious smile crossed his face. “Yeah, how did you know that?
Her grin widened. “I know that because Morgan is my best friend. Mac…it’s me, Vanessa Beaumont.”
“Vanessa?” For a moment he stood, eyes wide and looked her over before finally pulling her into a hug. “Wow, it’s been years since I’ve seen you. What a beauty you’ve become.”
* * * *
For reasons he couldn’t quite identify, the exchange between his Sergeant and guest left Riley with an uneasy feeling in the pit of his stomach. “You two know each other?”
Still smiling, Vanessa turned to him. “Actually, we do. Mac is cousins with my best friend Morgan. When we were younger, he spent the summers with her family. Oh, boy, could the three of us stir up trouble.”
“I remember you going to Kentucky for summers when we were kids.” Riley clarified.
“Right.  I went to spend time with my grandmother, but my cousin Morgan also lived there.”  He cocked his head to the side and shot Riley a puzzled look.  “I’m sure you remember me talking about Morgan and Vanessa.”
“Vaguely,” Riley replied.  “That was a long time ago.”
With his arm still wrapped around Vanessa Mac nodded.  “Yeah.” He turned to Vanessa.  “How old were we when we met?”
Vanessa’s eyes brighten and her face flushed. “Fifteen. Wow, has it been that long?”
With his best friend and his sexy house guest getting chummier than he’d like, Riley steered the subject in a different direction. “Well...um, I’m glad to see you two know each other. That will make this a lot easier. Mac, I need you to take Vanessa over to Pete’s Garage and arrange to have her truck towed in and repaired. Then, I’d like you to drive her back out to my place. She’ll be staying with me for the next couple of weeks.”
“No problem, boss. Come on, Van, I’ll give you the grand tour of our tiny burg.” 
They linked hands and walked out of Riley’s office. Deflated, he sank into his leather chair. It would figure. The one woman he’d been seriously attracted to in years, and she had a history with his best friend.
* * * *
Mac drove Vanessa to Pete’s Garage, where she arranged for her truck to be towed into town and repaired.  Then he took her on a tour of Jessup, Ohio.  With a population of six thousand eighty-three, and there wasn’t much to see in a town that size. Fifteen minutes later, he turned onto the main road leading out of town. 
“So, what brings you up this direction?” he asked, waiting at one of the four stop lights in town. 
“I was on my way to Pennsylvania. The gas station attendant back in Jackson gave me bum directions and before I knew it, I was lost in last night’s storm. Then, some deer ran out in front of me, and I tagged one with my truck.”
Mac winced. “Ouch. I’m glad to see you’re not hurt.”
“Well…your illustrious doctor says I have a concussion and I’m not allowed to drive for at least two weeks.”
She could hear the frustration in her own voice and nearly winced when Mac shot her a look.
“Doc Sorenson is a damn fine doctor, Van. If he says you have a concussion, then you probably do. Besides, I don’t see where not driving will be a problem since your truck is busted.”
“I need to get to Pennsylvania. I have personal business to attend to and I can’t wait around here for two weeks. Actually…” she turned on her hip to face him. “I was thinking about renting a truck. You wouldn’t be willing to point me in the direction of a rental place, would you?”
Mac glanced at her and made a left onto the gravel drive leading around to the back of Riley’s house. “You always were a stubborn one.”
“Come on, Mac. Help me out here.”
He turned off the engine and shook his head.  “No way.  I’m not crossing my boss, or Doc Sorenson.  If you’re not supposed to drive for two weeks, well then, you’re not driving.  Besides, the only rental place we had closed a couple of months ago.  The nearest one is now over in Jackson.  What’s in Pennsylvania that’s so important it can’t wait?”
As she exited his patrol car, Ransom’s shrill whinny filled her ears.  “That’s what,” she pointed in the same direction she ran.  Mac followed her inside the barn where she slowed in front of the horse’s stall.  Jesse and what appeared to be Riley’s vet Doctor Morton stood outside the stall door watching the stallion. 
“Damn horse is rogue,” the vet grumbled. 
Vanessa rushed past them, threw open the stall door and entered.  “He’s not rogue.” 
Ransom reared, striking the wall. 
“Shhh…boy, it’s okay.  They’re not going to hurt you.” 
After a few minutes, the horse began to settle, allowing Vanessa to take hold of his halter.  “It’s okay.  You can come in now.” 
“Damn thoroughbreds,” the vet muttered, as he ambled into the stall.  “Never had any use for them.  Bunch of ill-tempered, high-strung brats.  Pampered and treated like kings simply because they can run.”
Incensed at how Ransom always seemed to land on the receiving end of misconceptions and complaints she fired back.  “I’ll have you know, as a colt Ransom was severely mistreated.  When I found him, he was lame, malnourished and abused.  It took me over a year to nurse him back to health.  It’s not temperament, its survival.  He’s been conditioned to fear humans.”
The vet snorted at her explanation and bent to inspect Ransom’s leg.  “Well, based on the fact he was landing on his leg during his fit, I can confirm its not broken.”  He rubbed a hand over the horse’s swollen joint.  “Yeah, a little tenderness there.  He probably bruised it in the accident.”
The vet straightened and met Vanessa’s worried stare.  “I’d say it’s nothing serious.  Keep him calm for a few days, no traveling, or moving around too much.  If the swelling doesn’t go down within the week, call me again.”
“Thank you, Doc.  I do appreciate you coming out.”  The elderly man waved away her gratitude.  “Ah, think nothing of it.  Riley’s father and I went way back. The boy’s practically a son to me.  When he needs me, I come.”
Vanessa dropped a kiss on Ransom’s muzzle and stepped out of the stall behind the vet.  “Riley’s lucky to have such wonderful friends.”  She smiled.  “Thanks again.” 
The vet nodded, then motioned to Jesse and the two men returned to their conversation while they meandered toward the house. Vanessa turned back and found Mac inspecting Ransom from the safety of the corridor.  “He won’t hurt you.”  She stepped up next to him. 
“Thanks, but I’m not taking any chances.”  He motioned to the horse.  “He’s gorgeous.  How old is he?” 
“Seven.  I’ve had him for three years.  Before that, well, he didn’t have a very happy life.”
Mac raised an arm to wrap around her shoulder.  “It’s obvious he loves and trusts you.”
Vanessa rested her head on his shoulder and smiled.  “I love him so much, Mac.  I’d do anything to protect him.”  Damn…she hadn’t meant to say that out loud.
Mac pulled back and looked at her.  “Protect him from who?  What does he have to do with you needing to get to Pennsylvania?”
She didn’t want to get Mac involved.  Not only did she not want him to worry, but there was also a good chance he’d call Morgan, who would tell her family.  If that happened, she’d have an entirely new set of problems to contend with.  Her gaze fell away, and she shook her head.  “Nothing, don’t worry about it.”
His hand grazed over her shoulder and squeezed.  “I don’t believe that for a second.  What’s going on?  Why are you traveling alone with him through the back roads of Ohio?  Are you running from somebody?”
She glanced up and noted the concern etched on his face.  “Like I told Riley, its personal business and I’d rather not involve anybody else.”
“There’s more here than what you’re telling me.”
Why did he keep pushing?  “I’m not getting into it, Mac.   Not now and please don’t call Morgan and tell her I’m here.”
“Now I know you’re in some kind of trouble,” he shot back.
“Mac, please.  I’m not doing anything illegal, and I will handle it in my own way.  Now I’m not pulling you into it, so please let it go.”
He raised his hands, signaling his surrender.  “Okay…Okay.  Man, I see that stubborn streak of yours hasn’t changed any.  Well, since you don’t want to tell me what’s going on, I guess I’ll change the subject.  I have off the day after tomorrow, and since you’re going to be here for the next couple of weeks, how would you like to go on a picnic with me?”
She relaxed a little and allowed a smile to slide across her face.  “I’d like that.  I would, but don’t you have a wife or girlfriend that might be jealous?”
“I’m divorced.  I have been for three years now.  I do have a six-year-old daughter, though.  Her name’s Hannah.”  He rooted into his back pocket, pulled out his wallet and a photo of an adorable little girl. 
“Oh, Mac, she’s precious.  Look at that dark hair.  She looks just like you.”
“I think so.  If you don’t mind, I’ll be bringing her along for the picnic.”
“No, not at all.  I’d love to meet your daughter.”
Chapter 4

How could burying a body be so much work?  Trevor scooped the last bit of dirt and threw it in place, then smacked the mound with the shovel to pack it down.  Satisfied with his work, he leaned against the shovel and wiped his brow with the back of his hand. 
All he wanted to do was make himself scarce, but he couldn’t leave Leo lying in the middle of the barn floor.  He also couldn’t call the police.  How would he convince them Leo’s death was an accident?  What if they didn’t believe him?  He couldn’t take that chance.  Even people who didn’t mean to commit a crime still went to jail.  No way was he going to spend the rest of his life behind bars.  Besides, Leo was old, with no real family left to miss him, so chances were good his absence would go unnoticed.  If he played his cards right, nobody would be the wiser. 
He surveyed his job, then spotted several bails of straw stacked against the back of the barn.  The dirt mound looked fresh, and if anybody decided to be nosy, it could mean trouble for him.  One by one, he carried the bails over to the burial site.  After breaking open the first block, he spread it over the mound, then stacked the remaining bails of straw in a pyramid over the pile.  That should be good enough.  He turned toward the house and dragged the shovel behind him as he went to the garage.  He wanted a hot shower and a soft bed, but as he put away the shovel, his conscience nagged him.  Would he be able to sleep knowing Leo was buried behind the barn?  For that matter, would he be able to act normal if anybody came to visit? 
The sad fact was, he’d messed up and his only choice now was to do what he originally planned and put as much distance between him and the farm as he could.  First, he needed to call Victory and make up some excuse as to why he couldn’t have the horse today. 
He picked up his cell, dialed Martin Victory’s number, improvising an excuse before Victory picked up.  When the call went directly to voice mail, Trevor slammed his fist against the car trunk.  Damn!  He hoped the man wasn’t already on his way.  The phone beeped in his ear, signaling him to leave a message.  “Martin, its Trev.  Listen, the horse came up lame this morning and the vet thinks it would be best if he didn’t travel for a few days.  I know it’s an inconvenience, but can we reschedule for next weekend?  Call me back on my cell when you get this message.”  Intent on taking a much-needed shower, he flipped the phone closed, hoping when he got out Victory wouldn’t be banging on his front door. 
He stripped out of his dirt-covered clothes and considered what to do with them.  If he left them behind, he’d run the chance of somebody discovering them.  Not that dirty clothes on a farm was out of the ordinary, but he didn’t need to run the risk of them checking his clothes for evidence.  He probably had Leo’s DNA all over the fibers of his shirt and jeans.  No, that wouldn’t do.  He’d have to take them with him. 
Trevor turned on the taps and set the spray before stepping under the showerhead.  He struggled against the shakes.  He’d never killed a man before and it made him nauseous.  How had his life spun so far out of control?
Knowing every minute he spent in the shower was one more minute somebody could discover the truth, he quickly washed and exited.  No way could this situation be as bad as it seemed.  If he could find Vanessa and that damn horse, at least one of his problems would be resolved.
Trevor stared at his reflection in the mirror.  His bloodshot eyes told the story of a desperate man.  With nothing of value left to sell, he had no way of paying back his bookies.  The house and land were in his father’s name, so taking out a loan was out of the question.  
His inheritance was gone, cut off by his dad after he’d gotten drunk and beat Vanessa, putting her in the hospital several months before and causing her to subsequently file for divorce. 
Still, there had to be a way out of this.  Come on Trev, think!  Maybe he could get the help he needed from the exact people he was trying to avoid.  He would need to be convincing though.  Practicing his ‘worried spouse’ expression in the mirror, he planned what he was going to say.
Two hours later, Trevor walked into the Pinewood Police Department, sporting the best concerned husband look he could muster.  “Excuse me.” 
The desk officer glanced up from his paperwork.  “Yes, can I help you?”
“I need to report a missing person.” 
“Has the person been missing for more than twenty-four hours?”
Trevor nodded.  “Saturday night was the last time anybody saw her.”
“And who is this person in relation to you?”
“She’s my wife.”
The officer looked up from his paperwork again and gave Trevor the once over.  “Have a seat and someone will be with you shortly.”
* * * *
Vanessa sat on the old swing, hanging from the rafters of the front porch.  The evening was hot and humid, typical for early July.  
Clouds blocked what she was sure would have been a beautiful sunset and the air was thick with the smell of rain. 
 Earlier, she’d seen Riley’s red Dakota in the drive, but had been too comfortable to greet him.  She’d spent most of the day either fighting off a nagging headache or tending to
Ransom and was too tired to move.
“I see you’ve discovered the porch swing.”
She looked up to find Riley standing in the doorway, holding a glass of lemonade.  Freshly showered, he wore a pair of jean shorts and a dark blue T-shirt.  Soft, wet curls replaced the short, dark waves in his hair.  He lifted the glass, and his lips caress the edge of the glass as he took a long slow drink.  The image prompted Vanessa to picture their tongues intertwined in a deep penetrating kiss and she nearly sighed aloud. 
She cleared her throat, swung her legs onto the floor, and did her best to look at ease.  “I haven’t sat in a swing like this since before my grandmother passed away.”
Riley set his glass on the small table next to the swing and joined her.  “You mean you don’t have a porch swing where you come from?”
She laughed.  “Dad always thought porch swings were for poor people.”
He furrowed his brow.  “I take it he’s not one for the simple life?”
Oh boy, was that an understatement.  “Walter Beaumont, simple?  I don’t think the man has ever done anything simple in his life.”  Lightning rippled through the clouds in the distance then disappeared, followed by the rumble of thunder overhead and Vanessa paused until it too dissipated.  “Everything he does has an ulterior motive.”  Resentment laced her words, and she knew he probably detected it.  Still, after months of fighting both her father and Trevor over the divorce, she was simply too tired to care anymore.
“Is that bitterness I hear in your lovely voice?”
She smiled.  The man was one giant compliment packaged in a sexy body.  “You don’t know my father.  Walter Beaumont is the founder, CEO, and self-imposed King of Beaumont Farms.  Every purchase, friend, and decision he makes directly benefits the business.”
Riley stretched, lifting his legs up to rest his feet on the porch rail.  
“So, what’s the daughter of a horse-racing tycoon doing on the back roads of Ohio?”
She frowned and stared down at the ice slowly swirling in her tea.  Why couldn’t he just leave well enough alone?  “Like I told you before, it’s personal.”
Riley’s gaze turned dark as he stared at her and not for the first time, Vanessa fought back a ripple of fear.  He was town sheriff and well respected.  No way would he intentionally hurt her. 
“Look, I understand not wanting to share, but you are staying under my roof, so I think I have a right to know if you’re in trouble.  If I can help, I will, but I also don’t want to be harboring some criminal either.”
Insulted by his insinuation, she narrowed her eyes as she pushed off the swing.  “I am not a criminal!”  She stomped past him into the house and through to the kitchen, where she set her glass in the sink.  His footsteps grew louder, signaling he’d followed her inside, then abruptly stopped.  Not wanting him to see the tears in her eyes, she stared out the window.
“Vanessa, I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to call you a criminal, but you have to understand it’s my job to be suspicious of unusual circumstances and yours is pretty unique.” 
Vanessa blinked, squeezing the tears from her eyes.  Hearing his apology only made her feel worse for yelling at him.  After all, he was the Sheriff, sworn to uphold the law and do the right thing.  Maybe she could trust him.
Tears continued to build as she turned to look at him.  She took a deep breath and before she chickened out, she blurted, “I’m hiding Ransom from my ex-husband, Trevor.”
Riley pulled out a chair and motioned for her to sit. 
Too tired to argue, she did, and he slid into the seat across the table from her. 
“Ex-husband, huh?  Why do you have to hide the horse if he belongs to you?”
She wiped her cheeks.  
“After the divorce was finalized, I was supposed to have one month to move Ransom from the farm and relocate him.  However, Trevor decided he was going to try and sell Ransom out from under me, instead.”
“Wait a minute.”  Riley held up a hand.  “I don’t understand.  If Ransom’s papers are in your name, how can he legally sell the horse?”
“He can’t, but that wouldn’t stop him from forging my name.  You see, Trevor has a big gambling problem.  When we first married, everything was perfect, or at least it appeared that way.  We were typical newlyweds, young and in love, or so I thought.” She shook her head, then promptly stopped when her headache grew worse. 
“We’d barely been married a year when I had to sell off most of our stable to help pay off his debts.  The only reason we didn’t lose everything was because his father owned the deed on the property.”  She shifted in the seat and crossed her legs.  “My father was so excited when I told him Trevor and I were getting married.  He saw an opportunity to expand the family empire.  Trevor’s dad bought us land and a house, complete with a horse barn.  My dad supplied the racing stock for us to start our farm.”
Riley smirked. “It sounds more like a business deal than a marriage.”
With barely the energy to move, she leaned forward, folded her arms on the table, and laid her head on top.  “I suppose it was, in a way.  As you can see, I’m not a small girl and Trevor was the first guy to take an interest in me.  I thought I was really in love, though.  He was handsome and so charming, and dad liked him.” 
She traced the red and white checker pattern of the tablecloth with her finger.  “When Trevor proposed, I said yes without even thinking.  Then, I discovered Trevor’s gambling debts. I went to dad and told him about it.  He said a man’s business is his own and he was going to stay out of it.  
I did as I was told, and stopped asking about where the money was going, but just a couple of months later I found Trevor cheating on me with our hired stable girl. We fought and well…thanks to him I ended up hospitalized for a week.”
Riley’s smirk instantly turned into a frown. “He hurt you?”
Vanessa flicked a glance at him.  “He beat me so badly; I was in the ICU unconscious for over a day.” 
“Bastard,” Riley muttered under his breath.
Inwardly, Vanessa smiled.  She knew she had Riley pegged correctly.  He was a good man, who would never hurt a woman. “I agree.”  She sighed.  “After I was discharged, I left him and filed for divorce.  My father went through the roof.”  She shuddered, remembering the tirade he’d gone on when she’d told him of her plans.  “I can still hear him screaming at me in the middle of his living room.  Yelling antiquated notions about how I should consider myself lucky that any man would even want to marry me, and that Beaumont’s didn’t divorce.”
Riley leaned back in his chair.  “You’re joking?”
“I wish I was.” She closed her eyes as her body slowly began to relax.  “He told me I should go back to Trevor and work things out.”
“Even after he knew your ex had beaten you?”
“Yep.  He didn’t believe my story that Trevor had beaten me.  Especially after Trevor lied and told him I’d been catting around at the local bar and got beat up.”
She watched Riley’s fingers curl into fists, then slowly release.  “Scumbag obviously didn’t know what he had in you.”
She let her heavy lids drift shut and she continued. “No, he didn’t.  I stood my ground with my father and Trevor and went through with the divorce.  My father stopped talking to me.  Mom assured me he’d get over it and I shouldn’t worry.  Still, I can’t help but think how I’m nothing more than a huge disappointment to him.”
Riley’s chair slid across the floor, then his hand squeezed her shoulder.  She opened her eyes to fine him crouched next to her, a look of compassion stretched across his face.  “I can’t claim to know you father, but I doubt you’re a disappointment to him.  Look at yourself.  You’re smart, beautiful and you stand on your principles.”
The man was amazing.  She’d convinced herself he wouldn’t understand, yet here he was, giving her the same trust, she’d been denying him.  She turned to him with a smile tinged with sadness.  “I don’t know.  You might be right.  Maybe he will get over being angry and it will all work out.  Right now, with him being mad, I knew I couldn’t ask him to help me with Ransom, so I packed Ransom up and began driving to my friend’s farm in Pennsylvania.  Once I knew he was safe, I was planning to return to Pinewood and deal with Trevor head on.  I guess that will all have to wait now.” 
“Well, there is one good thing about your situation.” Riley smiled.
“What’s that?”
“He has absolutely no idea where you are, which means for the time being, you’re both safe and sound right here.”
She stared down into his deep blue eyes and a sudden wave of desire washed through her.  His breath was sweet with the scent of lemons, and she squelched the urge to take a taste.  No matter how nice he was being, she didn’t know enough about this man to allow herself to fall into any type of relationship, short term or not.  For several seconds, she sat motionless, locked in a gaze with him.  Her body reacted, sending signals of need and longing radiating through her frame.  “Um…maybe I should go check on Ransom.”  She scrambled from her chair and only took a few steps when everything around her started to spin.  Struggling to keep her balance, she stepped back. 
“Vanessa, are you okay?
“I…I…”  She turned.  Her gaze landed on his face, then her vision tunneled and nearly went black.  
He wrapped a strong arm around her waist and scooped her up as she fell into him. 
“I’m okay,” she murmured against his shoulder, but her head continued to spin, and she didn’t dare open her eyes.  She desperately wanted to be okay. Relying on others was not something she did well.  Still, having Riley carry her up the steps, smelling like fresh soap and aftershave was nice. 
“You’re not fine.  You’re still injured, and you need rest,” he argued as he placed her on the bed. 
She ignored him and struggled to sit up. “I need to check on Ransom.”  
He gently pushed her back against the pillow.  “I’ll check on Ransom, you rest.” 
“No, Ransom doesn’t like men.  He’ll already be upset by the storm.  You’ll only make things worse.”
“Vanessa, he’s a horse.  I think I can handle him.”
“He’s not just a horse.”  She closed her eyes and tried to will away the vertigo.  “I don’t expect you to understand.  He’s the closest thing I have to a child, and I love him.”
Riley brushed a stray hair from her face.  “Tell you what?  I’ll bring him an apple.  Bribery works with kids and dogs.  I don’t see why it wouldn’t work with horses.” 
His attempt at humor made her frown.  “I appreciate your offer, but there have been few people who can control him.  He’s in a strange barn and he doesn’t know you.  If I go with you and talk to him while you check him over, he might be all right.”
“Doc Sorenson specifically said for you to rest.  Which I know you haven’t been doing today. I think it would be better for you to stay in bed.”
Tears burned, and she silently promised herself she wasn’t going to cry again.  “Riley, please.  I swear, I won’t do anything but stand still and talk to him.  I’ll let you do everything else.  He’s all I have left and if anything happened to him…”  She shook her head, pushing away the thought. 
He sighed.  “All right, I’ll let you come with me, but remember, you promised.”  He helped her to her feet.  “You steady?”
She nodded, smiling up at him.  “Yeah, I’m fine.” In truth, she was far from fine, but she’d rest once she was sure Ransom was ok. 
Riley kept a cautious grip around her waist as they made their way back downstairs, through the house, and out in the rain to the barn.  Ransom nervously paced his stall and whinnied in response when he saw her. 
“Easy, boy,” she purred.  “You’re okay.  Riley’s going to come in and check on you.  Be a good boy now.”  She leaned against the outside wall while Riley slid the bolt back on the stall door.  Ransom started to rear, kicking out with his front hooves. 
“Easy there, big guy.  I don’t want to hurt you.  Whoa.”  He held out an apple, catching the horse’s attention. 
Ransom slowly nosed forward, eventually picking the apple from Riley’s hand and began chewing, allowing Riley to move into the stall.  He ran a hand along the horse’s withers, down his chest and eventually over his leg.  “The swelling is starting to subside, but I think the injury still hurts him a little.” 
“That’s a good boy.  You’ll like it here,” he spoke softly as he moved around the horse’s stall, filling the hay basket and water bucket.  When a bolt of lightning struck close outside the resulting thunder echoed through the barn and caused Ransom to rear.  Vanessa feared her horse would injure Riley, but much to her surprise, he grabbed at Ransom’s head, caught him by the halter, and steadied the stallion with ease. 
“There, I’m not such a bad guy now, am I?”  He rubbed the horse behind his ears. 
His gentle ways with her horse had Vanessa stepping into the doorway of the stall.  There were many layers to this man who’d so easily helped her, layers she seriously wanted to explore. 
 “No, I can say on his behalf you’re definitely not a bad guy.” 
He glanced up and met Vanessa’s gaze, the electricity that passed between them had Vanessa sucking in a breath.  Then he turned back to the horse.  “Well, buddy.”  He patted the stallion.  “You should be good for the night.  Now, about your owner...”  With one last pat to the head, he left the stall, closing the door behind him. 
Riley reached for Vanessa and pulled her to him.  Heat flared between them, and she struggled to maintain a modicum of composure.  Unsatisfied need dwelled deep inside her.  If he kept getting this close, she wouldn’t be able to behave herself.  Over his shoulder, the lightning struck outside and the tempo of the rain increase.  “Does it always rain like this here?” she asked in a breath a little heavier than she liked. 
“Sometimes.”  He pulled her away from the barn door and swung it closed. 
“Shouldn’t we be on the outside when you close the door?”
“I have a better idea.”  He glanced at the hayloft above, then back to her.  “Here, I’ll give you a boost.”  His hands wrapped around her waist, his fingers warming her flesh beneath as he helped steady her while she climbed the rungs.  Her skin tingled under his touch.  Once at the top she moved away from the edge and waited for him to join her. 
“This is a great place for storm watching.  Plus, you’ll be able to rest and keep an eye on your horse,” he said as they settled against a bale of hay.
“It is a good idea,” she admitted.  “Still, I feel a little naughty sitting up here with you.”  Actually, she felt like being very naughty, but she wasn’t about to tell him.
He grinned.  “Like you’re waiting for your parents to catch you with your date?” 
“Yeah, like that,” she laughed.  “How many girls have you been naughty with up here?”
He scooted next to her, dropping an arm around her shoulder.  “Enough.” 
Oh God, why did he insist on being so close? 
Lightning crashed outside, making her jump.  As she did, he pulled her into the crook of his arm. 
“It seems to me; Ransom isn’t the only one who’s afraid of storms.” 
Between the heat radiating from his body and the humidity in the air, she nearly gave into her feelings and leaned over to kiss him.  “T…that’s ridiculous.  I’m thirty years old, not a child.”
“Age doesn’t take away the fear,” he replied, slowly skimming her arm with his fingers.  “It’s okay to admit you’re afraid.”
Vanessa remained silent as she stared out the window.  She shivered.  It wasn’t the storm causing her heart to pound with alarm.
He turned into her, catching her chin with his finger.  “I won’t hurt you, Vanessa.” 
The look in his eyes told her his declaration ran deeper than any concern she should have had of physical harm.  “I know.”  She wasn’t sure how, but she did.
More than anything, she wanted him to lean over and kiss her, to relieve the insatiable need she had for him.  Instead, he pulled her closer and rested his chin on her hair.  Together, they watched Mother Nature’s encore. 
Chapter 5

Jesse scooped a portion of scrambled eggs onto his plate and returned to the kitchen table.  “So, how long did you two stay in the barn last night?” 
Knowing exactly where his old friend’s mind was heading, Riley shot him a stern look.  “I know what you’re thinking.  Nothing happened.”
Jesse held up his hands in surrender.  “It’s none of my business what you do in the barn.  All I ask is that you clean up after yourselves.  Don’t want to be finding any party favors when I’m pitching down fresh straw for the stalls.”
Riley set his fork on his plate and moved to pick up his coffee mug.  “Nothing happened,” he repeated.  “She was worried about her horse being spooked by the storm, so I gave her the opportunity to keep an eye on him.”
“While you were keeping an eye on her, no doubt.”
Riley let a small smile creep across his face as he took his plate to the sink.  “You’ve got a dirty mind, old man.” 
“A dirty mind is about all I got left,” Jesse chuckled, leaning back in his chair.  “Can’t hardly get it up anymore.  I’m thinking about having Doc Sorenson write me a prescription for that Viagra stuff.  Had Norma Walker out here last week to watch a movie and hell, it was everything I could do to…” 
Riley quickly waved a hand at him to stop.  “Okay, too much information there, pal.  Sorry, but that’s not an image I want to be carrying around with me when I’m trying to work.  Whether or not you and your…”  He paused for a moment, searching for the right word.  “Johnson are on speaking terms is not something I want to know.”
Jesse slurped his coffee then smiled.  “Aw hell, Riley, I’m sixty-eight years old.  My best days are far behind me.  You, on the other hand, are a young stud and it’s a damn shame the only action that ‘ol boy of yours sees is from your hand.  
It ain’t right that you haven’t found a pretty lady to make your wife.”
Riley shook his head.  Fatherly advice, he mused.  For as long as he could remember, Jesse had been giving him fatherly advice.  Even when his own father was alive Jesse had always been the one he went to when he needed help with a problem.  “Do you hear yourself?  She’s been here for two days and you’re already trying to marry us off.”  He glanced at his watch.  “Damn.  I’m late.  I have a meeting with Mayor Sheffield first thing this morning.  God damn fair is still over a month away and he’s got his britches all in a twist about having enough law enforcement on duty.”
“I thought since the fair was inside the city limits, it was Jessup PD’s territory?”
Riley nodded.  “It is.  Chief Powell will be there too.  The mayor’s calling for us to ‘work together to provide the safest fair yet’.”  He quoted his fingers in the air.  “He seems to forget we’ve been combining our efforts for the last how many years?”
“Forever, it seems.”  Jesse stood to take his empty plate to the sink. 
“Exactly!  So, I have a hard time understanding why he feels the need to stick his nose in it this year.”
“Well, you could resign and go back to farming.”
Riley laughed.  “No thanks, you’re the farmer.  Let’s not forget that ten-acre patch on the other side of the lake I tried to farm a few years back.”
Moving to refill his cup, Jesse chuckled a second time.  “On second thought, you keep catching the bad guys and I’ll do the farming.”
Riley set his own cup in the sink, swiped his hat from the table, and walked to the door.  “I’ll do that.”  He opened the screen door and paused.  “Oh, do me a favor.  Keep an eye on Vanessa.  Doc Sorenson said she has a concussion and I want to make sure she rests.”
Jesse leaned back against the counter; a knowing smile plastered across his face. 
“It’s not like that,” Riley called, heading out the door. 
* * * *
“You ready for our picnic?”  Mac asked. 
Despite her lingering headache Vanessa plastered on a smile.  It wasn’t Mac’s fault she didn’t feel well, and she wasn’t going to ruin their day.  “You bet.”  She pushed open the door, stepped out to join him, and stopped short when she spotted a little brown-haired girl. 
The child eyed Vanessa warily and moved to her father, taking his hand.
“Ah…Vanessa, this is my daughter, Hannah.”  Mac turned his attention to his daughter.  “Hannah, this is Vanessa.” 
“Hello, Hannah.  It’s nice to meet you.” 
“Daddy says you’re staying with Uncle Riley because you had an accident.” 
Straightforward little thing she was.  “He’s right.  I hit a deer with my truck.  Now my truck is broken, and Riley was nice enough to let me stay at his house until it’s fixed.”
“He doesn’t have a girlfriend.  You’re pretty.  Maybe you could be his girlfriend.”
Mac’s eyes widened.  “Ahhh…honey, why don’t you go get in the truck and buckle up?  We’ll be there in a minute, okay?”
“Okay.”  She turned and skipped toward the silver Explorer. 
“I’m so sorry, Van.  Sometimes she says things and I don’t have any idea where they come from.”
Vanessa shook her head.  “It’s okay.  She’s only being six.  I didn’t know you were related to Riley, though.” 
His brow wrinkled.  “I’m not.” 
“Then why did Hannah call him Uncle Riley?”
“Oh, that.  He’s Hannah’s Godfather.  She’s been calling him Uncle Riley ever since she was old enough to talk.”
They paused a few feet in front of the truck.  “So, you’ve been friends a long time then?”
He nodded.  “Since I was little. My folks lived across the road.”  He pointed to the cluster of grass and trees directly across the road.  “Mom and Dad were both getting older and couldn’t run the farm anymore, so they moved to town and sold the land.  It actually belongs to Riley now.” 
Hannah stuck her head out the window and yelled at them.  “Daddy, let’s go already.” 
“So, where are we going?”  Vanessa asked.
“A friend of mine has some land with a great pond behind some woods.  It is a perfect picnic spot.  We can even do some good fishing there.”
She climbed into the truck and shut the door.  “I’m not much of a fisherman.” 
“Don’t worry, Daddy’s a great fisherman, he’ll teach you,” Hannah said.
“Well, maybe I’ll have to give it a try.”  Vanessa smiled over the seatback at the girl.  She really was cute and had an amazing personality.  “So, Hannah, what grade are you going to be in this year?” 
“Second,” Hannah replied enthusiastically.  “My birthday is in a couple of weeks.  I’ll be seven.”
“Seven going on seventeen,” Mac whispered across the seat. 
Vanessa hid her smile and turned her attention back to Hannah.  “Do you like school?”
“Yeah, I get to see my friends more when I’m in school.  Mommy and Daddy both work, so I spend a lot of time at Grandma’s house during the summer.” 
“What Hannah fails to mention is Maureen’s mom has an in-ground pool, so she gets to spend her days playing in the water,” Mac said as he drove through town and out the other side, skirting around the grain mill and the livestock auction house before turning down a gravel road.  
When he pulled up a drive and parked in front of a barn, Vanessa’s curiosity piqued.  “Where’s the pond?”
“You have to walk to it, silly.”  Hannah opened the door and jumped from the back seat to the ground. 
“Oh, silly me.”  Vanessa smiled at Mac.  She exited the vehicle and stepped out into the hot, humid day.  A wave of nausea washed over her, and she closed her eyes, willing the queasiness away.  Even if she did have a concussion, she refused to let it interfere with her life.
A hand landed on her shoulder, and she opened her eyes to see Mac giving her a concerned look.  “You okay?”
Vanessa nodded.  “Yeah, I just needed a minute.”
He narrowed his gaze, assessing.  “Are you sure, because if you’re still not feeling well because of your concussion, I can take you back to Riley’s.  We can always do this another day.”
If things went as she hoped they would, there might night be another day and she didn’t want to miss the opportunity to spend some time with her friend.   “No. I’m ready.”
“Okay.  It’s this way.”
Ten minutes later, Mac stopped walking and motioned for her to place the blanket on the ground. 
Vanessa glanced around at the line of giant trees casting shade on the grassy area where he pointed.  The musty pond scent floated around them on the breeze.  “Nice little spot,” Vanessa said.
“It works for us,” he replied.  He sat on the blanket and lifted the lid on the basket. 
Leaning over him, she peaked inside.  “So, what’s on the menu?” 
“Daddy made fried chicken.”  Hannah made a face of disgust, sticking her tongue out for emphasis. 
Vanessa smiled.  “I’m betting you don’t like fried chicken.”
“She doesn’t like any kind of meat,” Mac replied, reaching into the basket, and pulling out the contents. 
“That’s not true.  I like hot dogs,” Hannah announced proudly.
He sighed before he spoke.  “Hot dogs are not real meat.”
“They are too,” she argued. 
He whispered into Vanessa’s ear.  “And I bet if she knew what was in hot dogs, she wouldn’t eat those either.”
Vanessa snickered and elbowed him in the ribs.  “That’s wrong.”
“Hey, Daddy, no fair.  You get to tell secrets and I can’t?”  She folded her arms over her chest in a pout. 
“No…no…that’s not true.  You can tell all the secrets you want, as long as I know what they are.”
Vanessa stuck her tongue in her cheek and tried hard not to laugh when Hannah’s face went wide with exasperation.  “Oh, Daddy,” she sighed, waving a hand at him as if she was batting away an annoying fly. 
He snatched her hand, making her squeal with delight when he pulled her onto his lap and began to tickle her.  “Stop…Daddy…. stop,” she begged between belly laughs. 
When he finally let her go, her eyes went bright, and Vanessa would have sworn she could see a light bulb go on above the girl’s head.  “Can I go down to the edge of the pond and look for fish?”
Mac made a face, pretending to think hard.  “Well, I suppose.  Stay where I can see you and don’t get wet.  I didn’t bring a change of clothes for you.”
“Okay, I won’t,” she replied over her shoulder as she scampered away. 
“She’s adorable, Mac.” 
He smiled; his attention still focused on his daughter as she skipped away.  
“She’s my world.”  His gaze broke and he turned to Vanessa.  “When you’re a kid you think you know everything.  Then you grow up and have a child of your own and you realize how much you don’t know.” 
There it was again, that same tug on her heart she’d get whenever she listened to her brother Chris talk about his daughter Alexia.  As much as she wanted to have babies of her own, she wasn’t sure she’d ever get the chance.  “You’re lucky.  Trevor and I weren’t together long enough to even think about having kids.”
“You sound disappointed by that.”
She arranged the containers on the blanket then let her gaze drift up.  “Well, yes and no.  I am disappointed I haven’t been lucky enough to have any children yet, but I’m glad I didn’t have any with Trevor.”
“Morgan told me you were happily married.  What went wrong?”
She pushed her hair from her face and thought about her reply.  “Everything I suppose.  Trevor had gambling problems and was a playboy.  He drank too much and towards the end started to get violent.”
Mac frowned.  “Doesn’t sound like a happy relationship to me.  Why did you marry him?”
“Because I thought I loved him, and I knew it would make my father happy.”
“I’m guessing you didn’t love him, did you?” 
She shook her head.  “No.  He was handsome, charming and came from a wealthy family, everything I was told I should have in a husband.  When he took an interest in me, my father made sure that I knew exactly how grateful I should feel.  It embarrassed him terribly to have an overweight, single daughter edging toward thirty.  
Then he went behind my back and negotiate a deal with Trevor’s dad.  Before we even knew what happened Trevor was pushed into proposing and our wedding was being planned.”
She opened a bottle of water, took a drink, and began again.  “Our marriage lasted a total of eighteen months.”
Mac shook his head.  “Damn, Van, I’m sorry.  That really sucks, but what does that have to do with you being here?” 
Knowing Mac would keep pushing for information and since Riley already knew, Vanessa decided to tell him about the divorce and Ransom’s part in it all. 
“So, you’re protecting your horse from Trevor?” 
“Something like that,” she replied, leaning forward to rest her elbows on her knees.  She rubbed at the pressure building behind her eyes.  Why was it, every time she thought of Trevor, she developed a headache? 
Mac slid behind her and began kneading her shoulders. 
“Oh God, does that feel good,” she said, letting her shoulders relax.  “You’re an angel, Mac.”
“I could tell you needed a little TLC.” 
“So, tell me, what happened with your ex?”
He paused.  “I guess we weren’t mature enough to be married.  Kind of like your situation.  Everything happened so quickly and before we realized it, we were married.  I’d just started as a deputy and wasn’t making a lot of money.  Maureen was pregnant with Hannah and trying to finish nursing school.  We barely saw one another and when we did, we’d fight about stupid stuff.  Whose turn it was to make dinner or clean the house.”
Vanessa shook her head.  “Doesn’t sound like much fun.”
He moved beside her and called out to Hannah.  “Honey, not so close to the rocks.  They’re slippery and you’ll get hurt.”
“Okay, Daddy,” she replied before moving to a safer spot.
He leaned back resting on his elbows.  “It was hard for me.  In less than a year, I went from single and running with my friends every weekend to married and stuck at home with a baby while Maureen went to night school to finish her degree.”
Vanessa picked at the fuzzy edge of the blanket.  
“I guess things don’t always work out the way we want them to.” 
“No, I guess they don’t.”
The sadness in Mac’s voice had Vanessa placing a hand on his shoulder.  “You still care about her, don’t you?”
Before he could answer, Hannah came bounding back to the blanket.  “Daddy, Daddy, I found a pool of little fish.  Come see,” she begged, pulling at his arm. 
“Okay, okay, let me get up first.  You coming, Van?” he asked when she didn’t move. 
“No, you go ahead.  I’ll get everything ready for lunch.”
Hannah tugged at her father’s arm, pulling him toward the edge of the pond and Vanessa couldn’t help but smile. It was obvious Mac loved his daughter and she could only hope to one day experience that kind of love.
Movement from the corner of her eye had Vanessa jerking her gaze to the tree line behind where she sat.  Branches moved and shook, disturbed by something or someone?  A shiver raced up her spine as a shot of adrenaline injected her veins. 
 She studied the forest, her eyes searching for anything unusual.  After everything she’d been through in the last few days, she could only assume it would be normal for her to be a bit jumpy.  
Still, she had to wonder if she’d actually saw something unusual.  A small rabbit appeared and hopped out into the field, apparently unconcerned by her or anyone else’s presence.  
Vanessa shook her head and turned back to the basket.  If she didn’t get a handle on her paranoia, she’d drive herself insane.
Later that afternoon, Vanessa walked through the back door, hot, tired, and suffering from a pounding headache.  While rooting through the bathroom cabinet looking for a bottle of aspirin, she came across a small, flat packet.  Curious, she opened it and read the prescription.  
They were birth control pills, prescribed by Doc Sorenson for an Allison McKinley.  0The expiration date on prescription was nearly four years ago. 
Why did Riley have a package of expired birth control pills stuffed in the back of his medicine cabinet?  A noise from downstairs drifted through the open door and she quickly replaced the packet and closed the cabinet. 
She found Jesse in the living room, settled on the worn gingham couch, watching the news. 
“Riley home yet?” she asked, sounding a little more hopeful than she intended.
He shook his head.  “Nope.  First Wednesday of the month is Council night.  He won’t be home until late.”
Her hopes deflated.  “Have you eaten?” 
“Just picking at stuff.”
“I’m going to go check on Ransom and then I’ll make us something.”  She walked through the kitchen, pushed open the back door and strode across the gravel drive to the paddock to fetch Ransom.  
He’d been out most of the day and while the fresh air and sun was good for him it was time to take him back to his stall for the night.  It was completely absurd to feel disappointed by the fact that Riley wouldn’t be home for dinner.  After all, it wasn’t like they were a couple.  He was simply the person who helped her out and given her a place to stay.  She was confusing gratitude for something more and that had to stop.
Vanessa approached the paddock and stopped at the fence.  At the far end, Ransom stood head to tail with Riley’s mare, Valentine. 
She remained at the gate, enjoying the sight of the horses nuzzle each other. Only two days ago she’d been worried about his reaction to the unusual situation she’d put him in.  It surprised her to realize she was the one having a hard time.  She opened the gate and whistled.  Ransom lifted his head and slowly hobbled over to her.  His limp was better, but not gone completely.  
“Hey, boy.  It looks like your leg is feeling better and I see you’ve made a new friend.”
He nickered as she clipped the lead rope to his halter.  Sometimes she swore he understood what she was saying.
Valentine followed and Vanessa took her by the halter.  “So, you like my Ransom, do you?”  She rubbed the mare under her chin.  “I guess that’s only fair since I like your owner.” 
Chapter 6

Riley slipped his truck in park and turned off the engine.  It was late and he was starving.  After last night’s Council meeting, he’d been inundated with phone calls and walk-ins, concerned with the security issues of the upcoming fair.  He spent a good portion of the day playing politician instead of Sheriff, soothing the concerns of the citizens of Jessup.  
The mayor was up for re-election in the fall and this year he had competition.  His challenger voiced unsubstantiated concerns about the police presence and related crimes during the week of the fair.  It was an obvious political ploy to unsettle the residents of Jessup.  Based on the amount of people Riley had dealt with today, it was a strategic move which appeared to be working. 
Despite finding himself in the middle of a bout of political mudslinging, he couldn’t seem to keep his mind from wandering back to Vanessa.  Mac caught him daydreaming more than once, commenting with a knowing smile about how his brain appeared to be elsewhere.  It was unnerving to have one woman occupy so much of his thoughts.  That hadn’t happened since Allison—a correlation Riley wasn’t happy to make. 
He was tired, frustrated, and fighting off a headache when the aroma of garlic and oregano greeted him at the back door.  “What smells so good?”
“Spaghetti,” Vanessa replied.  She moved about the kitchen, pulling plates from the cabinet and silverware from the drawer. 
He hung his hat on the hook by the back door.  “What’s all this about?”
“I noticed over the last few days, that you never eat a real meal when you get home from work.  Monday, I didn’t see you eat anything.  Tuesday you had a jar of pickles for dinner and last night I’m sure you probably wouldn’t have eaten, if I hadn’t left you a plate of stroganoff.” 
“Yeah, I meant to thank you for that, and for your information, I happen to like pickles.”
She smiled.  “That may be, but I didn’t want pickles for dinner, and I was hungry.  I hope you don’t mind me helping myself to your kitchen, again.”
“Why would I mind when you’re feeding me?”  He crossed to the stove and waited for her to lift a spoon with sauce for him to taste. 
“This is your house, and I wasn’t sure how you’d feel about coming home and finding me in your kitchen.”
He sampled the sauce then looked at her as the spices danced across his taste buds.  How easy would it be for him to get used to coming home and finding her in his kitchen?  That thought rattled around before sticking nicely in his brain, and he resisted the urge to slip his arms around her waist and gather her against him.  The movement seemed so natural, so perfect it had alarm bells ringing in his ears.  What was it about her that made his head spin like a top? 
“I think I like coming home to find you in my kitchen.  Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go change.”  He hurried down the hallway and up the stairs.
His foul mood had disappeared the moment he’d hit the back door and saw her cooking.  She seemed so comfortable, and for a moment, life was right.  Then the cruel hand of reality tapped on his shoulder and shook a finger at him, as if to remind him how she was, in fact, only temporary and his frustration returned.  
He pulled his gun from its holster and checked the safety before sliding it into the center drawer of his desk.  He raked a hand through his hair, then crossed to the dresser and began searching for something to wear. 
The woman was emotional quicksand.  If he wasn’t careful, she’d have his heart in a matter of days.  A broken heart nearly did him in once already.  Did he want to go down that road again?  Hell, he could think of worse ways to go, he supposed.
He snorted at his thoughts and began to change.  Hadn’t he told her earlier in the week how he was looking for some excitement in his life?  Well, he could be in for more than he bargained for.
By the time he returned to the kitchen, she was already eating. “I’m sorry, but I was starving,” she said with a guilty smile.
“No problem.”  He served up his own plate, then crossed the kitchen and joined her at the table, taking the seat across from her.  “This looks great.”  He dug his fork into the mound of noodles and sauce.  “I’m sorry I didn’t get to see you yesterday.”  He took a bite.  “This is good.”  He tore a piece of garlic bread in half. 
She smiled.  “Thank you.  I’ve spent a lot of time in the kitchen with my mother.  Mama is an excellent cook and Daddy always seems to be happy with her meals, so she must be doing something right.”
“Well, your mother was a great teacher, because I haven’t had food this good in a long time.”
Her smile widened.  “Jesse seemed to like it too.  He took two plates to his room.” 
Riley furrowed his brow.  “Two plates?” 
“Yeah, one for him and one for his guest.”
“What guest?”
“A nice older woman with graying hair and a crooked smile.  I think he said her name was Nora?”
Riley’s brow quickly smoothed.  “Norma Walker, his sweetheart.” 
“Aw…Jesse with a girlfriend, that’s so cute.  I guess that goes to prove you can find love at any age.”
“Yeah.”  Riley picked at his plate.  The whole topic of relationships and family left a bad taste in his mouth.  As much as he wanted to change subjects, he knew she’d probably be looking for more information.  It’d be better to get it out now, than to have to have a second or even third conversation about it later.  
“His wife died about ten years ago.  They lived in that little house up the road.  After she passed, he moved in here to help Mom.  Norma was Mom’s best friend and she and Jesse seemed to hit it off.”
“And he stayed after your mom passed?” 
He glanced up at her and nodded, “I’m all he has left.  He and Adel couldn’t have any children of their own.  My father was his best friend and he helped Dad tend to the farm.  I can’t ever remember him not being around.  Hell, the man practically raised me.”
“It was nice of you to let him stay.”
“I suppose.” He shrugged. “He runs the farm for me, takes half of the profits from what we make and stays here for free.  All he has to do is help buy groceries.”
“He’s a nice man.  I can tell he cares a lot about you.”  She smiled.  “He wants you to be happy.”
The tide of the conversation was slowly shifting into treacherous territory and Riley quickly retreated.  “Yeah, he worries too much.  So, what have you been doing with yourself while I’ve been working?”
She paused, and Riley wondered if she noticed his quick change of topic.  When she finally spoke, he let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding. 
“Not a lot, taking care of Ransom and helping Jesse with the other horses.  I started reading a book I found on the shelf in the living room.  Oh, and Mac took me on a picnic yesterday.  I met his daughter.”
Riley arched a brow.  He didn’t like the implications an endeavor like that held.  He liked it even less how his mind immediately went in that direction. “A picnic, really?”
She nodded.  “He invited me out on Monday when you had him drop me off.  He said just because I was stuck here didn’t mean I couldn’t have a little fun.” 
“Just what kind of fun did you two have?” Wow! Where had that been hiding? The question was out of his mouth before he could stop it, and he already regretted his words. 
Vanessa paused, the fork of spaghetti halfway to her mouth.  “It wasn’t like that,” she snapped.  “He brought his daughter along.  Shame on you for even thinking such a thing.”
Her gruff reply only served to frustrate him further.  “Well, after that conversation in my office the other morning, what am I supposed to think?”
She dropped her fork on the plate and rose from her chair.  “Look, I may be living under your roof temporarily, but that does not give you the right to pry into my personal life.”  She turned and stomped toward the back door.
“Where are you going?”
The screen door slammed shut in her wake and he felt the impact reverberate through his body.  “Nice going, Riley, very smooth,” he scolded himself.  “Piss the woman off after she went to all of the trouble of making you dinner.”  Still, the thought of her with Mac put his stomach in knots.  It was a feeling he didn’t like one little bit. 
“Well, damn,” he muttered, and pushed away from the table.  He couldn’t possibly eat the meal she’d made without making things right with her first. 
He found her where he knew she would be.  “Vanessa.”
She shook her head and continued to brush Ransom’s coat.  “Go eat, Riley.  I’m not mad.”
The pain in her voice struck him deep.  “No, you’re hurt.  I owe you an apology.  You’re right.  It’s none of my business who you spend your time with.”
“Fine.  I accept your apology.  Now go finish your dinner before it gets cold.”
Ignoring her, he stepped inside the stall.  Ransom snorted and turned his muzzle to Riley.  “Hey, big man, how you feeling?”  He rubbed the roan behind his ears.  The horse lifted his head and nibbled at Riley’s arm. 
“He likes you,” Vanessa said. 
“Why wouldn’t he?  I’m a likeable kind of guy.”
She smiled a little. 
“That may be, but like I said before, Ransom doesn’t care for men.  There are only a few he’d ever allowed to get close.  It was a man who abused him.”
Riley ran his hand down the horse’s neck.  The scars of the stallion’s abuse were evident beneath the pads of his fingers.  “How did you get him?”
“I stumbled across him when I was wandering around the back stables of a track in Nashville.  He was shut away, sick, and lame.  I inquired and found out he was for sale, so I bought him on the spot.  It took me a year to get him well.”
“Do you always take in strays?”
She looked up at him, her blue eyes dark under the soft lights of the barn.  “No, but there was something about the way he looked at me.  It was like he was begging me to save him.”
His heart jumped with the sincerity of her words.  She was the kind of woman, he realized, who when she loved, did it with all her heart.  “Um, Vanessa.  About the other day in my office…”
Her gaze dropped away, and she resumed the methodical brushing of Ransom’s coat.  “You don’t have to explain yourself.” 
He covered her hand with his, stilling her motion.  “I think I do.” 
Her pulse scrambled beneath his touch, and she quickly pulled away.  “Riley—”
Before she could say another word, he tipped her chin with his finger.  “I don’t know what it is you’re doing to me, Vanessa, but I know I have to do this.”  He brushed his lips over hers and couldn’t help but notice how soft they were as he kissed her once, then twice before tugging gently on her bottom lip. 
Instead of pulling away as he expected her to, she returned his affection, her lips parting in invitation.  Her reaction to him spurred Riley forward and crushed his mouth over hers, slipping his tongue past her teeth.  
The brush hit the floor before her arm snaked around his neck and she melted against him. 
His mind raced and he hardened as he slowly lost himself in her.  He’d expected her to pull away, slap him in the face, and cuss him out, but not this.   He could picture her beneath him, writhing in pleasure, her nails clawing into his back as he pumped into her sweet essence with fervor. 
Excited by the idea, he deepened the kiss as his hands began to roam. The woman had more curves than a racetrack and felt amazing beneath his touch.  Her breathing grew ragged and impossibly he hardened further in response. If this kept up, he’d have no problem dragging her into the loft and taking her right there.  
She was pliant in his arms, like fresh clay waiting to be molded.  He slipped his free hand down her back and cupped her bottom, pulled her gently against his hard length, grinding himself against the soft pocket between her thighs.  A silent plea for her to give him more. 
His need for her was primal.  It drove him forward, spurring him to press her for even more.  She answered in kind, digging her fingers into his shoulders as he nimbly worked his hand beneath her shirt.  He had to touch her, to feel the soft suppleness of her breasts in his palm.  Her skin warm and soft under his touch.  
“Vanessa,” he whispered her name as his lips trailed along her jaw line.  “God, I want you so much.  Please, let me.”  He tweaked her nipple between his finger and thumb, and she gasped, but before she could answer him, he captured her mouth a second time, swallowing her moan. He had to have her, to stop the incessant need growing deep inside.
“Riley, you out here?”  Jesse’s voice tore through the air, barely registering in Riley’s ears. 
“Riley?”  The voice echoed through the barn a second time, forcing him to pull away and acknowledge its presence.  She whimpered, making him even more disappointed at the need to end their encounter so quickly. 
“What the hell is it, Jesse?  I’m a little busy at the moment.” 
“You got a phone call from the station.  I figured you might want to take it since it was work.”
He glanced back at Vanessa, her hair mussed from his hands, her lips swollen from his kisses, and sighed.  Disappointment race through him as the realization that their evening together wouldn’t happen settled over him.  “I’d better take this, I’m sorry.”
“No, it’s okay, you go ahead.”  She picked the brush off the floor and turned back to Ransom.
Riley paused at the barn door and took one last look at her.  She resumed grooming the horse as if they hadn’t nearly had sex right there in the stall.  Frustrated, he continued into the house, the what-could-have-beens racing through his mind.  No matter how hard he tried, he wouldn’t be able to recapture this moment.  One thing was for sure.  Whoever was on the other end of that phone had better have a national crisis on their hands.
Chapter 7


Riley slammed the driver’s door on his Dakota, set the alarm, and headed for the jail entrance.  The last thing he felt like doing was working, but he had a responsibility to the people of Jessup to do his job. 
He’d started the day with a cold shower in hopes of relieving his physical needs.  It was a shame it didn’t have the same effect on his mental ones.  Thanks to Vanessa and that damn kiss, he’d spent most of the night tossing and turning.  By the time he made it to work he was in a foul mood and in desperate need of coffee. 
“Good morning, Sheriff,” Courtney called as he walked past her to the coffee pot. 
“Morning,” he grumbled, then nodded at Mac. 
Courtney chased after him waving a stack of papers.  “I’m sorry, but you have several messages.  Mrs. Kauffman from the library called about finalizing the plans for the awards ceremony for the summer DARE program.  Mr. Hobbs left a message that his tool shed was broken into overnight, and some farming implements were stolen.”  She paused and checked over her notepad.  “Oh, and Councilman Row called about the potential problem with the county fair security.”
“There’s no fucking problem with the fair security,” he fumed, overfilling his cup, and spilling coffee onto the floor.  “Damn it.”  He set the cup on the counter and picked up a stack of napkins to soak up the mess. 
Riley caught Courtney and Mac exchanging looks and took a deep breath.  “I’m sorry, Court.  It’s not your fault people have decided to let their brains go on vacation.”  He threw the coffee-soaked napkins into the trashcan, then retrieved his cup.  
“Okay, call Mrs. Kauffman back and tell her she needs to speak with Chief Powell about the DARE Program.  Nicely remind her that DARE is a police sponsored program and we’re simply lending them our support.  
Tell Alma to dispatch Walt out to Hobbs farm to take a statement and get a list of the missing items.”  
He let out a long sigh and held out his free hand.  “Give me the message from Councilman Row.”
She handed him the note, then walked away.
As he moved toward his office, he read the message and shook his head.  “I swear people have lost their damn minds.  One person suggests there’s a problem and everybody panics.  This has to stop, or my head is going to explode before the fair ever gets here.”
“Rough night?”  Mac asked, following him. 
“You could say that.  We need to talk.”  He set his mug on his desk and plopped down in his chair. 
“All right.”  Mac closed the door.  “What’s up?”
“Tell me what you know about Vanessa.”  Leaning back in his chair, Riley lifted his legs and crossed his feet on the edge of his desk. 
“Vanessa?  What does she have to do with any of this?”
Riley shot him a look that had Mac quickly assembling an answer.  “Well…her parents are Walter and Colleen Beaumont.  They own Beaumont Farms—” 
Stats he didn’t need.  Riley held up a hand.  “I know about her parents and her divorce.  I mean, what kind of person is she?” 
“Well.”  Mac began again as he lowered into the chair across from Riley.  “She was always one who liked to take in strays.  Injured birds, rabbits…animals like that.  From what I remember Morgan telling me, she was a good student, too.  A member of the National Honors Society, President of the Student Council, you know.  Real smart.”
“And real beautiful,” Riley added.
Mac cocked his head to one side, a knowing look written on his face.  “Oh, I get it now.  You have a thing for her.”
Riley studied the coffee swirl in his cup and considered Mac’s statement.  “Maybe.  Aw hell, Mac.”  Shifting, he brought his boots to the floor and sat up.  
“I don’t know what it is, but there’s something about her that’s getting under my skin.  The more I’m around her, the more I want to be around her.  I’m thinking about her all the time and now I’m having trouble sleeping.” 
Mac leaned back in his chair and smiled.  “Well, it’s about time.”
“About time for what?”
“About time you got over Allison and moved on with your life.  I was beginning to wonder if you were ever going to date again.”
Riley restrained a groan. Why did everyone have issue with Allison?  “Not you too.”  He swiveled his chair and looked out the window to the alley below.  Why couldn’t everybody understand he was over Allison and his lack of interest in women had more to do with personal preference than a broken heart?  “I’m not happy about these feelings, Mac. Especially when the woman is only here temporarily.  Do you know I was actually angry when she told me you took her on a picnic Wednesday?” 
Mac unsuccessfully hid his smile.  “She’s an old friend.”
“You slept with her, Mac.  That makes you a little more than an old friend.” 
Mac’s expression turned serious.  “I never said that.  Ry, I kissed her once when we were sixteen.  It never went any farther.”
“What about now?  You’re both divorced and you have a history.”
“I swear to you, Ry, I’m not competition.”
How do I know that for sure?  What happens if you change your mind? 
 Riley contemplated that thought.  He didn’t like the idea of competing with his best friend for the affection of a woman, and he liked even less these insecure feelings he suddenly harbored. 
Mac shook his head and stood to leave.  “Stop being so paranoid.  It’s not like you.”  
He started to leave, then paused and turned back to Riley.  “We’ve known each other a long time, right?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, friend to friend, I have to tell you I think your long overdue for a little romance in your life.  Maybe you should see where things go with her.”
He’d long since passed the frivolous dating and meaningless sex portion of his life.  Getting involved with anyone meant he was in it for the long haul.  Her planning on leaving as soon as she was well tossed a huge wrench in the works. “Damn it, Mac, I don’t want a romp in the hay.”  Riley adjusted the picture of his sister, Sonya, sitting on the edge of his desk.
Mac arched a brow at him.  “So, you’re looking for something more serious?”
“I’m not looking for anything.” Liar!
“Yeah well, if you’re not looking for anything, why the interrogation?”  When his question met a wall of silence, his brows knit.  “I think you don’t want to fall in love again because you’re afraid of getting hurt.”
Mac’s words struck a nerve.  Had he let others get close enough to him to learn the truth?  “First of all, you’re starting to sound like a damn woman, with all this romance talk.  Second, you need to take a good look at yourself, Mac.  You’re thirty-two years old and divorced already.  That’s not much of a testament to this true love you’re talking about.”
“Maybe.”  He shrugged.  “Still, if I hadn’t taken the chance, I wouldn’t have Hannah.  She’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me.  See what happens with her, Ry, because the rewards are definitely worth the risk.” 
Riley started to reply but was interrupted by a knock at his door. 
“Enter.”
Courtney popped her head around the partially open door, peering in at him.  
“I’m sorry to interrupt, Sheriff, but Zanesville PD called.  They’re holding Zach Trainer on an outstanding warrant and wanted to know if we could arrange to have him picked up.” 
“Zach Trainer.”  Mac frowned.  “We’ve been looking for him for over a month.” 
“Can’t say I blame him for running.”  Riley began searching for the file holding Zach’s warrant.  “I thought for sure after his father bailed him out, we’d be called out to their place for a domestic.”
“Mr. Trainer’s a pretty scary guy,” Courtney said, leaning against the door frame. 
“Yeah, imagine him coming in here at nine in the morning to bail his youngest out of jail after the kid went out on a bender and put his father’s new suburban into Pritchett’s Lake.”
“I heard about that,” she replied.
Riley nodded.  “And Chuck Trainer was none too happy about it.”
“Hey, Court.”  Mac turned to face her.  “What did Zanesville PD say he was doing when they picked him up?”
Her smile turned wry as she shifted against the frame.  “Ready for this?  Well, apparently they pulled over the driver on a DWI and found Zach in the back seat getting serviced by a prostitute.” 
Not believing he heard her correctly Riley popped his head up from the drawer he was searching in, as Mac let loose a gut-busting laugh.  “You’re joking?”
Courtney’s smile grew.  “No, I’m afraid I’m not.”
“Jesus.”  He slapped the folder on his desk.  “I’m getting too old for this job.”  Shaking his head, he handed the folder to Mac.  “Here, take the newbie and go pick him up.”
Still laughing, Mac took the folder and stood to leave.  “Right, we’ll be a couple of hours.”
“Don’t worry about it.  Court, call Zanesville PD and tell them we’re on our way.  When you’re done, check the auxiliary list and find out who’s on call.  Tell him to come in for a few hours to cover.”
She nodded.  “Is there anything else?”
“Yeah, when you get a chance, get me another cup of coffee and find me some aspirin.  I have a feeling it’s going to be a long day.”
* * * *
For the first time in several days, Vanessa woke without a headache.  She stayed in bed for a while, enjoying the sunlight streaming through the windows.  By the time she made it downstairs, Riley had already left for work.  Jesse sat at the kitchen table, nursing a cup of coffee, and reading a ‘Profitable Farms’ magazine. 
He nodded in her direction.  “Morning.” 
“Good morning.  I was just on my way to the barn to check on Ransom.”
“Have fun,” he called not looking up from the page.
Vanessa stepped out the back door with a smile on her face.  She found herself liking Jesse.  Yes, he was a bit crotchety, but there was a charm about him she couldn’t deny.  He reminded her of Leo, her stable manager back in Pinewood.
With the barn doors already open, she could hear Ransom whinnying impatiently. 
“Okay, boy.  You’ll get your exercise today.”  She clipped the lunge line on his halter and led him to the adjoining paddock.  He pranced and sidestepped the entire way.
It didn’t take long before Ransom was cantering and pulling against the rope. 
“He’s a mite strong.  You need help?”
Vanessa glanced toward the fence and spotted Jesse leaning against the railing.  
“No, I have him.  He’s a little excited because it’s been a few days since I let him run.”
“Well, I have to say, he’s one fine piece of horseflesh.  Haven’t seen a horse that nice around these parts in quite some time.”
“It’s good of you to say, but most people I’ve met, including your vet, don’t care for thoroughbreds.”
“They’re a tough breed and they do have a reputation for being high spirited.”
Vanessa slowed Ransom to a trot, eventually pulling him to a walk before she unclipped the rope and let him race off to the fenced pasture behind the barn.  She made her way to where Jesse stood.  “I admit he’s a little spoiled, but he’s all I have.”
“From the way Riley tells it, you come from a big horse-racing family.”
She nodded and turned to see Ransom settle into a grassy spot in the pasture.  “I do, but at the moment, my family and I aren’t exactly speaking.”
“Families can be a pain, but don’t shut them out completely, Vanessa, because when you’re ready to make up with them, it might be too late.”  He moved from the fence and stretched.  “Well, I’d best get busy.  Always things to do you know.”
She shifted her attention to Jesse as he walked away.  Exactly what had he meant by that comment? 
Once she’d let Riley’s two horses out to pasture with Ransom, Vanessa returned to the house.  Not yet hungry, she decided on a cup of tea.  The house seemed so quiet with everyone gone.  Maybe she’d find something else to read.  She took her mug into the living room and browsed over the books in the oak shelving.  A paperback romance caught her eye, then she noticed an old album on the bottom shelf. 
She picked it up, blew off the dust and crossed back to the sofa.  Opening it transported her back in time.  
There were pictures of a man, woman, a young girl, and a baby with dark curly hair.  She smiled, figuring that the baby was Riley, and the man and woman were his parents.  She flipped through the pages, and Riley and his sister made the journey through their childhood before her eyes. 
There were school pictures, graduation pictures, and newspaper clippings of various awards and plays.  Halfway through the album, Vanessa’s smile faded at the headline of the newspaper clipping.  ‘Local Girl Murdered in Fast Food Robbery.’ 
Sonya Whitaker, 21, of Jessup was murdered Tuesday during a robbery at ‘The Pizza Place’, where she worked while attending college at the University of Cincinnati.  According to police, around 11:00 pm on Tuesday night, two assailants entered the restaurant that had closed for the evening.  Sources say Ms. Whitaker, the owner, and four employees were found lying face down in the restaurant office with gunshot wounds to the head.  Ms. Whitaker is survived by her father and mother, Martin, and Maryellen Whitaker, and one brother, Riley, all of Jessup.  Funeral services are currently pending.  Condolences can be sent to the family in care of the First Methodist Church of Jessup. 
Vanessa barely held back tears as she flipped through the next few pages, reading the brittle yellow newspaper clippings about Sonya’s death.  Suddenly she understood a little more about the sadness in Riley’s eyes.
As she read on, she found clippings of his police graduation and commendations he received as a detective working with the Cincinnati PD.  Then the book stopped, the remaining pages left empty, as if nothing important had happened after that time.  So that’s what Jesse meant.
Feeling the need for human contact, she found her purse and pulled out her cell phone and turned it on.  Sure, now I have a signal!  
She began checking her messages.  There were ten total.  Charlotte called twice, wondering where she was.  
Seven from various members of her family—even her father—begging her to call home and let them know she was all right.  The last one was from Trevor.  She shivered at the coldness in his voice as he hissed through the speaker at her.  ‘You bitch.  You think you can screw me over and get away with it?  Well, you have another thing coming.  When I find your fat ass—and I will find you, you’re going to pay.”
Her hands shook as she deleted all the messages except Trevor’s.  The fact that he could reach her even without knowing where she was, unsettling. 
After the accident, she’d considered calling her family, but knowing her father’s stance on her divorce and Ransom, she was too afraid he’d tell Trevor where she was.  Despite her guilty conscience for making them worry, she’d refrained from calling them.  Still, there wasn’t any reason she couldn’t call Charlotte. 
She punched the buttons and waited.
“Hello?”
“Hey, it’s me.” 
“My God, where are you?  Your parents have called here wondering if I’d seen you.” 
Vanessa felt a mild panic slip over her.  “You didn’t tell them I was supposed to be coming there, did you?”
“Of course not.  But, Van, where are you?”
Vanessa told her about the accident and Riley, the message from Trevor, and how she was going to be stuck in Jessup for a little longer.
“I promise I won’t tell a soul where you are.  Be careful, okay?”
“I will and thanks, Charlotte.  I’ll keep in touch.”  She disconnected, turned the phone off, then tossed it on the foyer table and wandered into the kitchen.  
With Trevor’s message still weighing heavily on her mind, she began rooting through the cabinets, looking for something to make for lunch.  
Stumbling across an old recipe box, she thumbed through the hand-written cards.  It would be nice for her to make Riley another home cooked meal, she thought, as she began looking to see if she had all the necessary ingredients.  After all, what else did she have to do? 
* * * *
When Riley walked through the back door of the house, he found the kitchen empty, yet something delicious still lingered in the air.  Following the scent, he crossed the room to the crock-pot sitting on the counter.  He lifted the lid and surveyed the old-fashioned beef stew simmering inside and inhaled, allowing the aroma to filter through his senses. 
He returned the lid to the container and spotted the index card lying next to it on the counter.  The handwriting was his mother’s.  Where had she found this?  He looked back at the stew and swore he could hear his mother’s voice humming, like she used to do when she cooked.  The memory brought a smile to his face and an ache to his heart.  Sometimes he didn’t realize how much he missed his family until a certain scent or sound reminded him, they were never coming back.
A noise brought his eyes to the window above the sink.  Vanessa was in the center of the paddock next to the barn, running Ransom on an exercise line.  Riley’s pulse quickened as Mac’s words about taking a chance echoed inside his head.  He set the card down, grabbed some sugar cubes from the jar, stuffed them in his pocket, and hurried outside. 
“How’s he doing?” he called, trying to keep his voice casual. 
Vanessa’s gaze crawled slowly over his uniform, before meeting his eyes.  “Better,” she replied with a small smile.  
“The swelling is gone, and he had so much pent-up energy now, I figured I’d run him again.”
“Again?  You’ve already done this once today?”
She nodded.  “I gave him a light exercise this morning, but he’s nipping at the other horses and kicking up the pasture. 
I thought it best to wear him out a little before I shut him up for the night.  The last thing I want is him cribbing his stall.”
Ransom snorted and broke into a canter, passing in front of him.  Riley leaned on the fence and waited while Vanessa put the horse through his paces.  She was good with the animal, patient, and kind, encouraging him to do more and praising him when he did what she asked.  She’d make a good mother. 
Mother? Now where had that come from? He shook his head, deciding that all of Mac’s talk about love and romance was getting to him, and he desperately needed to get a grip.  She slowed Ransom to a trot, then a walk, took in his lead, and headed toward Riley. 
“He really is a beautiful animal,” he offered. 
She smiled “Thank you, I always thought so.”
He followed them into the barn.  “I see you made beef stew.”
“Oh yeah, I hope you don’t mind.  I found a recipe box in the cabinet behind the sugar and thought it might be nice if I made you something from scratch.”
“No, I don’t mind at all.  In fact, that was my mom’s recipe.  I haven’t had her stew in well…I guess it was before she got sick.”
Vanessa paused, looking over Ransom’s back at him.  “Nobody has cooked for you since your mom died?”
The shock on her face made him smile.  “I’m a big boy, Vanessa.  I could cook for myself if I wanted to.”
“Yes, I suppose you could.”
He leaned against Ransom’s back and peered over at her.  “Why don’t we put supper in the refrigerator and have it tomorrow?  I have to go out tonight and I thought you might want to get out of the house for a while.”
The brush stilled as she looked up at him.  “You want to take me out?”
His smile grew.  “I wouldn’t exactly call it taking you out.  I have something I have to do, and I thought you might like a change of scenery.  You’ve been cooped up here all week with no transportation and nobody but Jesse to talk to.”
“Well, it would be nice to get out, I guess.”
“It’s settled then.”  He reached over the roan’s back and pulled the brush from her hand. 
Her brow furrowed.  “Hey.”
“You go on in, have a shower, and get changed.  I’ll finish grooming Ransom and put him away.”
“He won’t behave for you,” she argued, as the stallion turned his head and nuzzled Riley’s arm. 
“Looks to me like he’s behaving.” 
She stood for a moment with her hands on her hips, staring at him.  “Well, I’ll be a… He really does like you.”
With a wicked grin, Riley pulled a sugar cube from his pocket and fed it to the horse.  “It probably doesn’t hurt that I’ve been sneaking him treats.”
He watched her eyes widen.  “You’ve been—”
“That’s right.  I’ve been feeding him treats all week.  Now go on.  We’ll be fine.” 
Chapter 8

Riley pulled into the parking lot and turned off the engine. 
Vanessa scanned the front of the building, taking note of the red accent stripe running along the center of the white façade. The word ‘Marty’s’ hung over the metal double doors. Her only indication of what lay beyond was the bowling pin in place of the letter T in the name. “You brought me to a bowling alley?” 
He exited the truck, stopped to pull his bowling bag from behind the driver’s seat and smiled. “This is Marty’s. It’s a bar, bowling alley and restaurant all rolled into one.”
She climbed from the passenger seat, closed the door, and looked over the hood at him. “So, you’re taking me bowling?”
“Not quite. You see, some of us from the station are part of a league that bowls on Friday nights.” 
He opened the door and allowed Vanessa to pass through. A heady combination of cigarette smoke and stale beer filled her nostrils. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the dim light. When they finally did, she scanned the room. The bar sat to the left, running the entire length of the building, and stopping at what appeared to be a small stage in the far, back corner. A large dance floor butted up to the front of the stage. In the other corner rested a pool table. Up from the pool table and jukebox stood several tables, then a row of booths covering the rest of the sidewall and along the front. To her right was another door. 
“This way.” Riley pushed against the steel and motioned for her to follow. 
Once inside, she was hit by an overwhelming combination of noises. Country music blared from the speaker’s overhead, mixing with the unmistakable sound of bowling balls slamming into pins. Voices came at her from every direction while people carried on discussions. 
With a tight grip on his bicep, she weaved her way through the sea of people, stopping periodically when Riley would pause to shake hands and make small talk. Each time, he introduced her and before long, Vanessa’s head whirled with so many names she knew she couldn’t possibly remember them all. 
“I thought you said this was a small town?” she asked as he set his bag down. He sat down to change into his bowling shoes, and she slipped into the empty seat next to him.  With a smile on his face, he glanced at her and finished tying his laces.  “It is.  The total population is only six thousand.” 
“And I think every one of them is here tonight.”  She sighed, feeling a little overwhelmed.  Women stole glances at her, nudged one another and whispered. “I’m guessing you’re a popular man.”
“I am,” he replied, “but what makes you think that?” 
“Oh, I don’t know.  It could be the way the women are either giving me the evil eye or are whispering about us.”
He laughed, causing several people to glance in their direction.  “They’re wondering about the beautiful blonde giving them competition.”
She nearly snorted at his statement. Her?  Beautiful?  Then she simply stared at him as the realization that he meant what he said took hold. “Am I?  Competition, I mean.”
In an instant his laugh faded and the look on his face turned serious.  He raised a hand to her face, brushing his knuckles against her cheek.  “Only if you want to be.”  The warmth of his skin against hers sent ripples of pleasure flowing through her body.  While there wasn’t any doubt in her mind she wanted Riley, did she want to be competition for the women of Jessup?  His gaze slowly drifted up until he was looking over her shoulder.  “Mac’s here.” 
She turned in time to see Mac set his bag down.  “So, you bowl, too?” 
He smiled.  “Yep.  The team is me, Riley, Eddie who is one of our part time deputies, and Courtney.”
Vanessa’s smile wilted.  “Courtney bowls?” 
“Yeah, she’s actually pretty good too,” he replied.
No sooner did Mac finish his sentence, than Courtney emerged, working her way through the crowd.  Wearing skin-tight jean shorts and a bright blue tank top, she laughed with a group of men as she wove her way to the lanes. When she saw Vanessa, she frowned.
She set her bag on the floor next to Riley’s, stepped in front of Vanessa, and slipped a hand over Riley’s shoulder.  “Um…we have a little problem.”
Vanessa’s skin crawled at the sound of Courtney’s voice, and she fought the overwhelming urge to slap the girl’s hand off his shoulder. 
“What’s the problem, Court?” he asked. 
“Eddie called in earlier and said he wasn’t going to be able to make it tonight.  I tried to find a sub, but everyone was either busy or already subbing for other people.” 
Riley sighed as he rubbed the back of his neck.  “I suppose we could take turns covering his spot.” 
“Why doesn’t Vanessa bowl for him?” Mac asked. 
With the mention of her name, Vanessa popped up from her seat to join the conversation.  “I’ve never bowled a day in my life, Mac.  I really don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“I have to agree,” Courtney replied.  “She’s not one of us, and besides, she said she couldn’t bowl.  She’s liable to bring down our team average.”
Vanessa narrowed her eyes.  She knew a challenge when she heard one. 
“Actually, I think it’s a great idea,” Riley said.
“You do?”  Vanessa and Courtney said in unison. 
“I do.”  Riley took Vanessa’s hand in his, lifted it to his lips, and kissed her knuckles.  “Come on, beautiful.  Let’s get you some shoes and a ball.”
They walked toward the front desk.  “I don’t know about this.”  Vanessa hedged.  She didn’t want to make fool of herself, especially in front of Courtney.
“Well, I do.”
“Riley, wait.”  She tugged on his arm, pulling him to a stop.  “I don’t want to look like an idiot out there.  Please, isn’t there somebody else who can bowl?”
He turned back to her.  “Relax.  We all looked foolish when we first learned.  I swear to you, it’s no big deal.  Just remember it’s only a game, okay?”
She drew in a deep breath and held it.  Obviously, she wasn’t going to be able to talk her way out of this situation.  Come to think of it, she hadn’t had much luck getting her way at all with him.  “Okay.”
Once she had on her shoes, she began searching for a ball.  A rainbow of colors covered the racks.  “Which one do I use?” she asked, glancing over her shoulder at him.
He moved next to her and picked up an orange ball.  “You want something that’s going to be heavy enough to damage the pins, but light enough you don’t hurt yourself when you throw it.  How about we start with an eight-pound ball?”
After several minutes of locating one with the right size finger holes, Vanessa stood at the end of the alley, staring at the ten pins on the other end.  She slowly walked up to the foul line, swung her arm back, and promptly lofted the ball halfway down the alley.  It hit the boards with a loud thud and immediately veered off into the gutter.  “See.  I told you I was no good at this.” She walked to her seat in embarrassment. 
“Don’t be so hard on yourself, Van,” Mac replied, “It’s only a game.  You’ll get the hang of it.”
“Really, Mac, I think this is a very, very bad idea,” Courtney said.
Vanessa sent Courtney a withering glance before standing up to take her second throw.  Riley followed her to the ball return.  “How about a little instruction?” 
“It couldn’t hurt.”  She shrugged.
“Okay, let’s start by picking up the ball.” 
Once the ball was in her hand, he moved in to adjust her grip.  His warm breath caressed her neck, while the heat of his body once again lit her desire.  He slipped his arms around her, giving her instruction on the correct way to hold and release the ball. 
“Now remember what I told you.  Aim for the arrow left or right of center, not the pins.  Don’t swing back too far, and when you release, make sure your hand is coming up like you’re going to shake hands with somebody.”
“I’ll try.”  Vanessa glanced over her shoulder and caught sight of Courtney sitting in the chair with a scowl stretched across her face.  She set her jaw, and keeping Riley’s words in mind, followed through, releasing the ball with ease.  It rolled straight down the lane and contacted the head pin, sending it and the nine others flying in different directions.  She screamed, jumped up and down, and turned into Riley’s waiting arms. 
“That a girl.”  He wrapped his arms around her waist and planted a quick kiss on her lips. 
“Awesome, Van,” Mac commended, slapping hands with her when she returned to her seat. 
“Technically, that was a spare, not a strike,” Courtney droned.  “Beginner’s luck, anybody can get lucky sometimes.” 
Vanessa continued to smile.  No way was she going to let the girl ruin her moment.  Courtney strolled to the ball return, picked up her ball, and with the smoothness of a well-oiled machine, sent it spiraling down the alley.  It contacted the pins, scattering them in every direction, leaving only the seven pin still standing.  She pursed her lips and took her second throw.  The ball missed the pin by a fraction of an inch. 
“Like you said,” Mac mused. “Anybody can get lucky sometimes.”
“Shut up, Mac.”  She grabbed her towel off the chair and huffed, taking her seat.
When the league was over, Vanessa managed to end with a score of one twenty-seven and felt good about her performance. 
The four of them sat at a booth in the bar, drinking beer and eating wings.  “You did really well,” Riley praised.  
“It was fun,” she replied, still smiling from the high of doing so well at something she’d never done before.  “But is my arm supposed to be sore now?”
Riley finished chewing his food and cocked a brow at her.  He wiped his hands on a napkin then lifted her arm and began to rub the muscles in her forearm and hand.  “Your arm’s sore because you’ve stressed muscles you don’t normally use.” 
His thumb stroked along her skin causing her pulse to jump.  Her gaze climbed to meet his stare.  His dark blue irises penetrated her defenses, pushing her heart into overdrive.  For a moment, the sights and sounds surrounding them faded away, replaced with a heated silence where only the two of them existed.  In all her thirty years, no other man had ever been able to turn her stomach into knots with a simple look. 
“Might I remind you guys that we lost?”  Courtney’s whiny voice cut through their silence. 
Riley wrinkled his brow but didn’t reply.  Instead, he continued to massage Vanessa’s arm, his eyes linked with hers in silent conversation. 
Movement in her peripheral vision caused Vanessa to glance away and she turned her attention to a woman pulling up a chair to the end of the booth. 
“Hey.”  Mac leaned over to kiss her on the cheek.  “Your mom got Hannah?” 
The woman nodded and smiled.  “I have the night to myself.”  She glanced at Vanessa.  “Hello, I don’t believe we’ve met.  You must be Vanessa.”
Mac quickly chewed his food and held up his index finger, signaling for them to wait.  “Maureen, this is Vanessa Beaumont.  Van, this is Maureen Collins, Hannah’s mom.”
“Nice to meet you, Maureen, so you’re…”
Maureen smiled and leaned over Riley to shake Vanessa’s hand.  “Mac’s ex? Yep, that’s me.”
“You knew Mac before now?”  Courtney asked, her voice laced with shock. 
Maybe it was petty of her, but Vanessa garnered a certain amount of satisfaction in seeing Courtney blind-sided by that information.  She smiled.  “His cousin, Morgan is my best friend.  We spent a few summers together, but we’ve only ever been friends.” She looked at Riley.  The last thing she wanted was for Riley to get the wrong impression about her and Mac.
Maureen’s gaze bounced from Vanessa to Mac then back again.  “We’ll have to get together and compare notes.  I’d love to hear about all the trouble you guys got into when you were teenagers.” 
Her comment was enough to make Vanessa uncomfortable.  She glanced at Riley, giving him her best help-me-out-here look. 
As if reading her thoughts, he grabbed her hand.  “Come on.”  He tugged, slipping out of the booth. 
“Where are we going?” 
“I love this song and I want to dance with you.”
Tim McGraw and Faith Hill’s ‘It’s Your Love’, filtered through the air.  They stepped onto the dance floor.  Knowing people were staring at them, made her more than a little self-conscious on the dance floor.  She was simply moving from one uncomfortable situation into another. 
“Riley, I don’t think—”
“Don’t think, just dance,” he replied. 
* * * *
Courtney peeled at the label on her beer bottle while Riley dance with Vanessa.  She couldn’t count how many times she pictured Riley dancing with her, his eyes staring down into hers while the music blanketed them in emotion.  
Instead, he was with a woman who shouldn’t have been there and was beginning to get in the way.  “I don’t know what he sees in her. She’s short and needs to lose some weight.  I mean look at her hips.”
“Some men find curvy women attractive,” Maureen replied, her gaze on Riley and Vanessa.  “Besides, she has more of a Marilyn Monroe figure” 
“Personally, I think you’re jealous,” Mac replied, before sliding from the booth to head for the bar. 
She tried hard to ignore his comment, knowing his words were a lot closer to accurate than she’d like to admit.  She pouted at her empty bottle and caught Maureen giving her a disapproving look.  “What?  I can’t have an opinion?”
“I didn’t say that.”
“Then what was the look for?”
“I’m a little concerned about this obsession you have with Riley.  Seriously, Court.  It’s not healthy.”
Here we go again.  Courtney rolled her eyes and smirked.  “Save your words, Maureen.  I’m not interested.”
Maureen’s brow creased.  “I don’t understand why it bothers you so much.  Riley has never once given you any indication he was interested.”
Courtney pushed the empty bottle away and turned to lean against the wall.  “That doesn’t mean he couldn’t be.  If he’d only agree to one date, I could show him that I’m the woman of his dreams.” 
Maureen leaned in and rested her elbows against the tabletop “Listen, Court.  I’m going to give you a little advice and I hope you take it to heart.”  She glanced at the dance floor then back to Courtney.  “You’re a beautiful, smart, young girl who is in way over your head when it comes to Riley.  You need to be dating guys your own age.”
Whatever.  
Courtney cocked her head to one side and fixed Maureen with an apathetic look.  
Nobody understood that she was looking for a serious, permanent relationship.  What did it matter if she was only twenty-two and he was thirty-six?  If they loved each other then it was okay.  Besides, being the Sheriff’s wife, she’d be the envy of the women in town.  “I happen to like older, more mature men,” she snapped back. 
Much to her dismay, Maureen didn’t back down.  “That may be, but this obsession you have with Riley is going to come back to bite you in the ass.  He’s happy, Court.  Look at him...”  She motioned back to the dance floor where Riley and Vanessa embraced.  “If you cared about Riley, you’d be happy for him.  It’s been a long time since he’s had any joy in his life and I think he deserves this.  Your problem is you can’t see past your own jealousy.”
Who in the hell was she calling jealous?  Courtney started to open her mouth, but Mac returned and dropped a full bottle of beer in front of her.  “So, what did I miss?” 
* * * *
Vanessa lost herself in Riley’s eyes, their bodies swaying together with the music.  “So, do I dare ask if you’re enjoying yourself?” he asked.
She smiled.  “Actually, I haven’t had this much fun in a long time.  The only way it would be better is if Courtney would go away.”
“What’s wrong?  Don’t you like a little friendly competition?”
Friendly?  Now there was an understatement.  “There’s nothing friendly about her.  She hates my guts because I’m here with you.  Besides…”  She tilted her head and arched a brow at him.  “You told me she was too young for you.”
“And you told me that you didn’t find me attractive.”
“I never said that.”
His eyebrows rose.  “So then, you do find me attractive?”
Vanessa squirmed under his gaze.  She’d been double-talked right into a corner.
“So, are you going to answer my question or let me draw my own conclusions?”
The song ended and another began to play.  How could she possibly tell him how she felt, when she unwilling to admit it even to herself.
He wrapped his arms around her back and pulled her close.  “You don’t have to say anything.  Judging by our kiss last night, I think I already know.”
With the conversation shifting into dangerous territory, she needed to move it back quickly.  “You know people are looking at us,” she whispered into his neck, her head now resting against his shoulder. 
“So?  You don’t know them, why do you care?”
She laughed.  “I would think you would care about the image you put forth for the people of this town.”
He made a slow, sweeping turn with her, his chin resting against her hair.  “This is the kind of town where everybody knows everybody.  Nearly everybody you see is either someone I grew up with, or someone who knows me because of my family.  They already know what kind of person I am, but…”  He pushed her back slightly and tipped her chin with his finger.  “I wouldn’t mind giving them something to gossip about.” 
Before she could protest, he leaned in and dropped a soft kiss across her lips, gently nipping at her bottom lip with his teeth.  He consumed her mouth until her breath caught in her throat and their tongues were doing a slow dance of their own.  Her brain short-circuited again.  The residual smoke filled her head and fogged her thoughts.  He pushed a hand against the middle of her back, and she melted into him.  She was losing herself to the moment—this time in the middle of Marty’s dance floor—but she didn’t care.  She didn’t care about anything but him when he kissed her like that. 
Chair legs raked across the floor, and for a moment, heavy scuffling nearly drowned out the song.  Vanessa shrugged off the sounds as normal bar noises.  Just as her hand slipped into his hair, Riley abruptly broke off the kiss.  Shocked and disappointed by the sudden loss of him, she glanced toward the racket.  Two men in the front of the bar were throwing punches.  “Excuse me, hon.” He rushed to the fight. 
Mac jumped from his seat and followed Riley. 
She made her way back to the booth where Maureen and Courtney watched the fight.  The brawlers alternated taking swings at each other to fighting with Riley and Mac. 
Riley ducked a right hook, then planted a fist in the burly man’s stomach.  He stumbled backward against the bar, steadied himself, pushed off and swung again.  The man’s huge fist connected with Riley’s eye.  Vanessa winced and held her breath, praying things would calm down before somebody was seriously hurt.  Just when she thought Riley had the situation under control, the man reached into his pocket and pulled out a knife. 
Vanessa screamed and Courtney’s voice harmonize with hers when the man swung at Riley.  He ducked a second time, then punched the man again. 
Sirens filtered in from outside, signaling that the Sheriff’s Department deputies had arrived.  They took the man Mac had been fighting into custody. Mac rushed to help Riley.  It only took a few minutes before the two of them had the second man pinned face down on a table mere feet from the girls.  Anger and authority radiated from Riley’s voice while he reprimanded the man.
“Try and knife me, will you, Dwayne?  You should know better.  That’s going to cost you some time in jail.”
When the other deputy arrived, he and Mac cuffed the man and led him outside to the waiting squad cars.  Riley walked over to the table. “I’m sorry, Vanessa, but I have to go to the station for a while.”  
He tossed his keys at Maureen.  “Could you drive her back to my house, please?  I’ll send Mac after you when we’re through.”
Maureen caught the keys mid-air.  “No problem, Ry.” 
He dropped a quick kiss on Vanessa’s forehead and was gone. 
“Well, this night sure ended early,” Courtney pouted, sliding from the booth. 
She grabbed her purse and bowling bag, and started to walk away, then stopped and turned back to Vanessa.  “When, exactly, are you leaving?”
Refusing to dignify her question with a reply, Vanessa turned to Maureen.  “I’m ready to go whenever you are.” 
“G’night, Court.”  Maureen waved as she and Vanessa walked away.
Chapter 9

Trevor turned off the headlights and put the Mustang in park next to the abandoned barn outside of Paducah.  Crickets chirped and an owl hooted from somewhere in the distance.  Except for the moonlight, it was dark and there didn’t seem to be a soul around.  Nervously tapping his fingers on the steering wheel, he waited with the hope his dealer hadn’t backed out.  Between Vanessa taking the horse, Leo’s death, and hiding from the cops, he was in desperate need of a hit.  One last fix to tide him over until the crisis ended, then he’d quit. 
When the barn door creaked opened, Trevor grinned.  Maybe his luck was finally starting to change.  He exited from the driver’s seat, stepped around to the front of the car and waited for the husky guy to approach.  “Kinko, my man.”  Trevor slapped hands with the rather large baldheaded guy. 
“I hear you’ve made a real mess for yourself this time, Trev.  You know the cops are looking for you.”
“Nah.”  Trevor shook his head in an attempt to play down the situation.  “They’re looking for my ex-wife.  She stole my horse last week.”
“Really?”  Kinko cocked a brow.  “You were married to that pretty blonde, right?  Beaumont’s daughter?” 
“Yeah, but what she had in looks she lost in bed, and boy was she wound tight.  Always, pinching every penny, worrying about how the horses were treated.  I swear those damn horses ate better than I did sometimes.”  Trevor grinned.  “But it’s all different now.  She walked off with my horse.  When the cops catch her, she’ll pay.”
Kinko leaned back against the hood and Trevor winced at the thought of any scratches or dents the big man would leave behind.  “Well, I can’t say I’ve heard anything about a stolen horse, but I did hear about a dead body they found buried behind a barn on your property.”
Trevor’s heart skipped a couple of beats, and he forced his face to stay emotionless.  “Really?  A body, huh?  They didn’t happen to say who it was did they?”
Kinko shook his head.  “Nope.  You sure you don’t know anything about it?”
Trevor waved his hand in the air.  “Nah.  Wouldn’t surprise me if they discovered it was Vanessa’s doing.  She probably had help stealing my horse and then killed the person to keep him quiet.”
“Uh huh.”  Kinko shifted and folded his large arms over his chest.  “I hear the cops aren’t the only ones looking for you.  From what I know, Skeet and Ramsey would love to get their hands on your sorry ass right now.”
Trevor gulped at the idea of his dealer turning him in to his bookies.  It was true, he did owe them a lot of money, but he was good for it.  He’d always paid them back before.  “Look, Kinko.  I don’t see any reason to bring them into this.  You’re getting paid, so what’s it matter, right?”
The man lifted his hand and rubbed his square jaw as if considering exactly what to do.  “If you don’t have the money to pay them back, how do I know you have the money to pay me?”
Trevor spread his arms wide.  “You know I’m good for it.  I’ve always paid you.”
Several uncomfortable minutes passed, and Trevor began to worry that Kinko would turn him down.  Then what in the hell would he do?  “Tell you what.”  Kinko began.  “I’m feeling generous tonight.  You keep your money and do me a favor instead.”
Seeing an opportunity to keep what little cash he had left Trevor smiled.  “Sure thing.  What kind of favor are we talking?”
The man reached into his pocket and produced a small bottle of lubricant.  He held it in front of him and grinned back at Trevor.  
“Well, I figured you’d want to keep whatever money you have in case you need it for something.  So how about we make it the same favor we agree to every time you’re broke.”
Trevor arched a curious brow.  He wanted a hit, and he wasn’t against swinging both ways.  He’d done it before.  “Which way?” he asked, not caring what the answer ended up being. 
Kinko shrugged.  “Both.” 
Trevor motioned to the barn.  “Then let’s get started.”
* * * *
Feeling more than a little uncomfortable, Vanessa stared out the passenger window into the inky darkness.  It wasn’t Riley’s fault those men at the bar decided to fight, but damn if she didn’t want to be angry with him for pawning her off on a stranger, especially since the person was Mac’s ex-wife.  “You have a beautiful daughter,” she said, hoping to fill the tension-filled air with light conversation. 
“Thank you.  Hannah told me you went with her and Mac on their picnic the other day.” 
The icy tone in Maureen’s voice had Vanessa squirming in her seat.  She wasn’t looking to make any enemies, especially when she had no romantic interest in Mac. 
“Look, I don’t want any trouble with you or anybody else here.  I was happy to see a friendly face, so I took Mac up on his offer.  Nothing happened.”
Maureen pulled into Riley’s drive, put the truck in park, and turned off the ignition.  “That’s exactly what Mac told me when I confronted him about it yesterday.”
Vanessa didn’t know whether to be shocked or relieved by her response.  “So, you’re not mad?”
“Oh, I was mad at first.”  She opened the driver’s door.  “Then, Mac explained everything and after seeing you with Riley tonight…”  She pursed her lips into a quirky smile and shook her head at Vanessa.  “I’m not mad anymore.”
Vanessa followed suit and slammed the passenger door behind her, joining Maureen in front of the vehicle. 
 “You still care for Mac, don’t you?” she asked as they began the short walk to the house.
Maureen nodded.  “More than I probably should since I’m his ex.” 
Vanessa eased down onto the top step leading up to the back porch and waited for Maureen to do the same.  “If you don’t mind me asking, why did you two get divorced?  I mean I have Mac’s version, but there are always two sides to a story.”
Maureen looked at her for a moment, then turned her gaze toward the moon high above the barn, shining bright against the dark sky.  Several seconds passed before she finally spoke.  “I think it was because we were pressured into getting married.  We’d only been dating for three maybe four months when I found out I was pregnant with Hannah.”  She shifted, leaning back against the porch rail with her feet across the deck.  “Our families pushed us to do the right thing, and I think we both resented it.”
“And now?”  Vanessa asked. 
“I think I actually love him more now than I did when we were married.”  The anguish in Maureen’s voice was clear and Vanessa’s heart hurt for Mac.  He’d already expressed his love for Maureen to Vanessa and now hearing Maureen, Vanessa wanted to help them find their way back to each other. 
“So, what’s stopping you two from getting back together?”
Maureen smiled and brushed a knuckle beneath each eye.  “Fear, mostly.  We get along so well now, I’m afraid by getting back together we might be setting ourselves up for another fall.  The last thing I want to do is end up hating him.”
Knowing what she did from her conversation with Mac, Vanessa couldn’t understand how two people, so obviously in love, could still be apart.  She turned, angling her body so she was facing Maureen.  
“You know, I’m probably the last person to be giving you marital advice, especially since my own marriage didn’t last much longer than a year, but it seems to me if you love him and he loves you, won’t the rest work itself out?”
Maureen smacked a mosquito on her arm.  “I guess I’ve never thought about it like that.  Look, I’m getting eaten alive, why don’t we go inside.”
They stepped into the kitchen and Vanessa pulled two glasses from the cabinet and a pitcher of lemonade from the refrigerator.  She moved about the room, all too aware of Maureen’s eyes on her. 
“You seem to be pretty comfortable in Riley’s kitchen for only being here a week.”
Vanessa shrugged.  “I’ve done a little cooking over the last six days.  I mean, the man eats pickles for dinner.”
Maureen laughed.  “Riley’s a bachelor, honey.  You’re lucky he had food to cook.”
“I suppose you’re right.”  She sipped from her glass.  “I have to admit, when I first hit that deer, I was leery of him.  He tends to be a bit pushy, but he really is a sweet man.”
Maureen nodded.  “Yes, he is.”
Vanessa ran her finger around the rim of the glass.  “He also seems a little sad to me.  The other night during dinner, we were talking about Jesse dating and I mentioned how I can tell that Jesse cares about him and wants him to be happy.  He quickly changed the subject, then turned all moody on me.”
“He’s dealt with a lot of pain in his life.  I’m not sure how much of this you know, but when Riley was a teenager, his sister was murdered.  He took it hard.  He quit the baseball team and threw himself into his studies.  It didn’t surprise any of us when he went into law enforcement.  The police never caught the men who killed her, and I imagine he’s still holding in a lot of pain from it.”
Vanessa stared into her half empty glass and studied the ice cubes.  She already knew what Maureen said from the photo album but saying so might make her look like a snoop. 
 On the verge of forging a friendship with Mac’s ex she didn’t want to do anything that might jeopardize that situation.  “That’s horrible.”
Maureen nodded.  “Yeah, it is.  Now add in the loss of both parents and a relationship that went bad, and you have one tormented man.”
Now her heart hurt for Riley.  He also deserved some happiness in his life. “That’s such a shame.  I think any woman would be lucky to have a man like him.”
Maureen grinned. “Then consider yourself the lucky recipient, because it’s obvious he’s fallen for you.” 
Maureen’s words sent an electric shock racing through Vanessa and her brows shot up in response.  “What do you mean he’s fallen for me?  How can you say that?  He doesn’t even know me.”
Maureen reached across the table and patted Vanessa on the hand.  “I’ve been friends with Riley for a long time, and from what I saw of the two of you tonight, he’s head over heels for you, and that’s probably making him moody.  He doesn’t want to get hurt again.  I mean, who would?  And knowing you’re leaving soon is probably messing with him.”
How did her life become so complicated so quickly?  Vanessa shook her head.  “I like Riley a lot and don’t want to hurt him, but I’m fresh out of a nasty divorce.  The last thing I want to do is jump right into another relationship.”
Maureen retracted her hand and picked up her empty glass.  “If there’s one thing I’ve learned from my relationship with Mac it’s that you don’t choose love.  Love chooses you.  It doesn’t matter how long you’ve known him, Vanessa.  If you have feelings for him, then you need to follow your heart, otherwise, you’ll spend the rest of your life living with the ‘what ifs’ and being unhappy.”
Her words hit Vanessa like a hammer over the head.  Wasn’t her happiness the exact reason she divorced Trevor and alienated herself from her family?  
Despite her fear of Trevor finding her, she’d been happier during the last six days than she’d been the last two years. 
Before Vanessa could reply, the sound of a car pulling into the drive made them rise from the table.  They stepped out onto the back porch to see Mac climb from his truck.  “Where’s Riley?”  Vanessa asked. 
“He’s still at the station house.  One of the night deputies will drop him by later.”  Mac climbed the porch steps.  “I came to take you back to your car,” he said to Maureen. 
She glanced at Vanessa and smiled.  “Think about what I said, okay?”  Then she turned back to Mac and looped her hand through his arm, grasping him around his bicep.  “Let’s go.”
Vanessa stood on the porch, watching them leave, and smiled.  It would be nice for her friend to have his family back.  Maybe someday they’d both get over their fear and take that leap.  She sauntered into the empty kitchen and stopped to stare at its contents.  She’d been here less than a week and already felt at home.  Maybe Maureen was right.  She’d spent most of her life playing by other people’s rules.  First her father’s, then Trevor’s.  It was time to make some rules of her own. 
After making Riley a sandwich and cleaning the kitchen, Vanessa climbed the stairs, turning off lights along her way.  She went directly to Riley’s bedroom, closed the door, and stood in the moon-streaked room. 
His rustic king size bed sat between two windows and took up most of the room.  A blue, green, and white quilt lay crumpled at the end, right where he’d kicked it off that morning.  Another hand-braided rug lay neatly at the end of the bed, spanning the distance between it and a walnut dresser. 
Her heart pounded in her ears, and for a moment, she considered retreating to her own room.  No.  She would not allow fear to keep her from what she wanted.  
Vanessa slowly walked around the room, absorbing everything.  She let her hand slide softy over a small family picture frame sitting atop the dresser and a small open box, which he obviously used to hold the contents of his pant pockets.  In the corner, his uniform shirt lay draped across the back of an old rocking chair. 
She picked up the shirt, closed her eyes, and pictured Riley wearing it.  Damn, he looked sexy in uniform.  Cologne mixed with his musky scent and drifted up from the fabric, a reminder of exactly how much she wanted him.
* * * *
By the time Riley arrived home, he was tired, aggravated, and hungry.  His eye throbbed something fierce and had started to swell.  The entire house was dark except for the kitchen light.  So much for a romantic encounter tonight.  He spotted a piece of paper lying on the kitchen table. 
Refrigerator 
Curious, he followed the directions and opened the refrigerator door.  Inside sat a plate with a sandwich, a glass of lemonade and a small piece of steak with a note. 
Tried to wait up, but sleep won out.  Thought you might be hungry when you finally made it home.  The lemonade is fresh, and the steak is for your eye.  Love Vanessa.
Leaving the steak in the refrigerator, he picked up the plate and the glass of lemonade.  What kind of woman was she that she could anticipate his needs after only one week?  He bit into the sandwich and nearly moaned.  He was in heaven.  It was, by far, the best BLT he’d ever had.  She fed him excellent food, cleaned, was smart and beautiful.  He was doomed. 
After finishing the sandwich and lemonade, he put the dishes in the sink, locked the door, and headed to bed.  Except for the nightlight illuminating the top of the steps, the upstairs was dark, confirming her note that she’d gone to bed. 
Frustrated was not even on his top ten list of words to describe how he was feeling.  
Damn Dwayne!  Riley had a perfectly good date going, then Dwayne went and threw a punch over who had the better football team, Cleveland, or Cincinnati. 
He couldn’t blame Vanessa for going to bed, though.  It was after midnight, and she hadn’t known his plans.  Sadly, it seemed he would again be sleeping alone tonight.  He opened the door to his bedroom, walked in, and closed it behind him.  Tossing his hat on the desk in the corner, he caught sight of her standing in front of the window and his heart nearly stopped.  Bathed in the light of the moon, she wore one of his uniform shirts and nothing else.  The mere sight of those luscious, creamy legs had the more delicate part of his body inflating like a balloon.
She turned to look at him and smiled.  “I wasn’t sleepy after all.”
He cast his keys at the desk and stepped toward her.  “Okay.  So why are you in my room wearing one of my work shirts?”  Before he could think, his hand reached out to grab her by the hip, loosely bringing her to him. 
“I wanted to talk to you, and I didn’t have any clean nightgowns.” 
The air filled with tension, and the skin beneath his hand grew hot.  He arched a brow.  “So, you decided to wear my shirt?” 
Her lips twitched, the ends lifting into a small smile.  “I have a confession.  I happen to find you extremely sexy when you’re wearing this shirt.”
“So are you,” he replied, pulling her tight her against him.  He stared down into her blue eyes.  “What do you want, Vanessa?”
The heat of her hand against him burned though the cotton of his T-shirt.  Her breathing grew ragged, and he struggled to steady his own. 
“I want you,” she replied, lifting a shaky hand to his cheek.  “But there have to be some ground rules first.”
He creased a brow.  “What kind of rules are we talking about here?”
“The kind of rules necessary to keep both of us from getting hurt,” she replied.  “I have a life outside of here, Riley.  I can’t walk away from it, and I want you to know that, to understand it, before this goes any further.  The last thing I want to do is hurt you.”
He laced his fingers through hers, lifted the back of her hand to his lips, and pressed a gentle kiss against her skin.  “I’m a big boy, Vanessa and whether I get hurt or not is my business, but I certainly wouldn’t want to see you hurt.  If we both understand this is what it is, then we’ll be fine.”
“Okay,” she said after a moment.  “Then we both agree not to expect more than the other can give.”
“Vanessa?” 
“Yes?”
“Have I mentioned how damn sexy you look wearing my shirt?” he growled. 
She leaned into him and brushed her lips against his jaw.  “Kiss me, Riley, like you did the other night in the barn.”
She didn’t need to ask twice.  He nipped at her bottom lip and watched as her eyes closed and her mouth opened for him. He accepted her invitation and delved inside.  The taste of her only made him crave more.  She was sweet, like honey with a hint of lemon.
  Her hands slid into his hair, and he barely managed to maintain his composure.  One hand remained on her hip, ensuring he kept control of the situation, while the other trailed silently along her side, brushing against the plump curve of her breast.  
He slid his palm over the tip, cupping her gently through the polyester shirt.  Her body shuddered against his.  He brushed her nipple with his thumb and caught her gasp with his mouth, swallowing it like candy for the taking.  
His free hand snaked beneath the bottom of the shirt and pressed against her bare bottom.  
He felt for the strip of fabric and realizing there was none, pulled back.  “No panties?”
She smiled; her lips already swollen from his kisses.  “I didn’t see a point when they’d only be in the way of our goal.  Now shut up and kiss me, Riley Whitaker.”  With the hand tangled in his hair, she pulled his head down to her, claiming his mouth with her own. 
Her aggression caused heat to flash through him, like a raging fire burning him from the inside out.  With both hands he pulled her tight against him, grounding himself against her belly as he kneaded her flesh with his fingers.  She moaned.  It was music to his ears, and a sound he thought just might kill him.  Urgency raced through him, the need to take what was his, to feel himself buried deep inside her, spurred him forward.  Next time, he’d go slow, but now…now he had to have her.  Grabbing the front of the shirt, he pulled, sending buttons plinking in all directions, revealing her ivory skin.  
Perfect was his first thought as he set his gaze on her full round breasts, and the petal pink nipples adorning each one.  Not even in his fantasy had they been as fine as they were in real life, and he couldn’t wait to sample them. 
“Riley, your shirt,” Vanessa gasped. 
“I’ll buy another,” he replied, greedily dipping down to mouth her flesh along the soft slope of her breast.  Lower he worked until he flicked his tongue over her nipple, then sucked it into his mouth.  
Her breath caught in her throat, and she snaked her other hand through his hair. 
“Oh God,” she sobbed. 
Gently he worked her nipple against his tongue while he brought his hand up to the other breast, tweaking the tip between his finger and thumb.  A man could get lost in breasts like hers and he pictured himself spending copious amounts of time worshiping every inch of her wonderful body.  
Her hands trailed alongside him until she was tugging his shirt free from his jeans. Wanting to feel her delicate hands against his flesh, he let go of her breast with one last lick and took a half a step back, giving her room to work.  Smiling softly, he shrugged out of the blue cotton tee, then tossed it onto the rocking chair. Her velvet hands slid effortlessly across his chest, and he stifled a moan from the glorious sensations racing through him. 
 Her lips following close behind. Closing his eyes, he struggled to keep some modicum of composure, but it was a losing battle. When her hand slid below the waistband of his jeans and cupped him through the fabric, the little control he’d had snapped. 
Grabbing her by the shoulders, he pushed her backwards, pinning her between his chest and the wall. His teeth bit at her flesh, his hand slid down into her curls. Shifting her stance, she allowed him access and when his fingers found her center, he ruthlessly drove into her. 
She cried out only to have him swallow the sound.  It wasn’t enough for him. He needed more, more of everything she had to give. Slowly, he backed her to the bed. When her legs hit the edge, he eased her down, watching her dark, lustful eyes lock with his. “Please, Riley,” she begged, reaching for his pants.
It was a fight to get his jeans off, but finally he stood naked and hard at the foot of the bed, staring at her. Her reaction, her begging him for more, it struck him deep, cutting a small niche in his heart, and he knew that once wouldn’t be enough. Hell, who was he kidding? A lifetime wouldn’t be enough. 
He dropped to his knees, pulled her to the edge of the bed and draped her legs over his shoulders. Inhaling her scent, he watched her shift onto her elbows, anticipation etched across her face. His eyes locked with hers as he focused on his task. 
 Her body shivered and she bit down on her lip.  It was a reaction, but not the one he was going for.  
He wanted her crying out in pleasure from his ministrations.  He wanted to hear his name tumble from her lips as her world exploded.  Hungrily he plunged his tongue deep into her center.  Her eyes went wide, and she sucked in a ragged breath against a scream. 
The taste of her sated his craving, but only slightly.  He needed to see the look on her face when she climaxed, to know he’d been capable of pushing her over the edge.  She wiggled beneath him and whimpered when he prevented her from moving.  Crying out, she threw her head back, closed her eyes and arched her hips into him. “Now, Riley, I’m begging you.” 
With his vision tunneled on her and Vanessa’s pleas echoing in his ears, he pushed her back into the middle of the bed and climbed between her legs. Taking her hips in his hands, Riley buried himself deep inside her core in one earth-shattering plunge. Her eyes flared and she cried his name, her hips rising to meet his thrust, and he gave himself over to the incredible sensation of being sheathed so deep inside her heated center.  For once, all was right in his world.  No pain, no anguish.  No heartbreak, only pure unadulterated joy filled his heart. 
He did his best to start slow, to give as good as he was receiving, but desperation hammered at him.  The need to find release with her refused to wait. Dropping to his elbows, Riley crushed his mouth to hers and sped up the pace until the only sound in the room was slapping flesh and Vanessa’s gasps of pleasure. 
She writhed beneath him, her fingernails digging into his back.  The pressure began to build, and he knew he couldn’t come yet, not until she did again. “Honey, I’m real close,” he murmured against her ear, she clenched tight around him, pulling him deeper and cried out. 
His vision went black, stars sparking in front of an inky background.  He groaned and pushed still deeper, holding there he spilled himself into her.
Unable to move or even speak, they both stayed perfectly still. 
“Wow,” she eventually whispered, brushing her hair from her face. 
Riley lifted to his elbows and smiled.  “Wow is right.  That was incredible.”
She smiled.  “I don’t think I’ve ever had sex that good.” 
“Really?”
Pursing her lips together, she planted a kiss on the tip of his nose.  “Well, Trevor was my first and only, so I never had a gauge to go by, until now.”  Her smile widened.  “I had no idea what I’d been missing.” 
Her confession had him dropping his head to her, his mouth capturing hers again.  Vanessa wrapped her arms around his neck and laced her fingers through the back of his hair. 
When he broke off the kiss, he started to pull away, she protested.  “Don’t.”
“But I’m heavy, Van.  I must be hurting you.”
“No, you’re not and I like feeling you inside me.  It makes me feel all sexy and wanton.” 
“You are wanton, baby and I’m warning you.  If I stay put you may regret it.”
“And why’s that?” she asked, smiling up at him. 
“Because you might have to go another round, I’m already getting hard again lying here staring at you.”
“If that’s supposed to scare me off then you’ve got another thing coming, buster,” she replied, wrapping her legs around his waist.  “Bring it on.”
He smiled and for a moment wondered how he’d gotten so lucky.  “You’re going to be sorry.”
Chapter 10


The ceiling fan turned in lazy circles, lulling Vanessa into a hypnotic state.  Unable, or maybe unwilling, to name the feelings racing through her, she took a deep breath and held it.  Why did she always have to go and complicate things? 
Don’t leave, Van.  I want to wake up with you in my arms.  Riley’s words rattled around in her head, leaving her feeling guilty for retreating to the guest bedroom.  Still, the physical act of sleeping with a person could be more intimate than having sex and she knew how easy it would be to get used to waking up with him every morning. 
Vanessa pushed her palms against her eyes in a futile attempt to relieve the beginning of a headache.  Regret would be so much easier to handle right now, but regret wasn’t what she felt.  No, this feeling ran deeper, stronger and she feared it would eventually break her heart.
It was just great sex!  She’d repeated that phrase again and again over the course of the night.  Each time she made the declaration, her heart would ache, and Vanessa would remember the way he touched her and the passion in his eyes.  Deep down, she knew what happened between them was so much more than simply sex, but she couldn’t let herself think about it.  
After such a horrible experience with Trevor, she didn’t want to jump into another relationship and end up hurt again.  She’d known Trevor for years before they married, only to find out after the ‘I do’s’ he wasn’t the person she thought he was.  How could she possibly start a relationship with Riley when she knew virtually nothing about him?  No, that would be asking for trouble.
She exhaled, threw the covers off and swung her legs over the side of the mattress.  Come on, you have to face him eventually.  She stood, turned, and climbed back into bed.  Why was this so hard? 
Ten more minutes passed before she finally summoned the courage to rise from the security of the bed.  After showering, she dressed and went downstairs.  Relieved to find the kitchen empty, Vanessa poured herself a cup of coffee and grabbed a blueberry muffin from the jar on the counter.  Her head continued to replay the previous night’s events with a clarity that left her heart wanting him again.  
She desperately tried to shake loose the thoughts. They couldn’t travel down that road a second time.  It would be hard enough to move on now, knowing what she’d be leaving behind.  Falling in love would only make things worse. 
When the muffin was gone and the coffee turned cold, she set the cup in the sink and went to the barn.  Ransom needed exercise and let out to pasture before the heat of the day took hold.  She crossed through the corridor, stopped in front of his stall, and pulled back the latch on the door.  “Hey, boy.  How’s my favorite guy this morning?”
“I thought I was your favorite guy?”
Vanessa spun around to find Riley standing on a stack of straw bales, looking every bit the definition of a man.  From his brown work boots up to his bare chest glistening with sweat, she slowly took in every inch of him.  God, why did he have to be so sexy?  She let a tentative smile creep across her face.  “I didn’t know you were up already.”
“Even on days off, there are always things to do.  It’s all part of owning your own farm.  But then, I’m sure you know that already.”
Vanessa nodded and scuffed her shoe across the dirt.  Sighing, she ran her fingers through Ransom’s mane.  “Yeah, by this time, most of the horses would have already been out for their morning run.  Not to mention mucking out stalls, refilling feed buckets and all the grooming to be done.” 
“I thought you liked owning your own farm.”
Ransom pushed his muzzle into Vanessa’s hand in search of a treat.  Instead, she clipped the lead to his halter and started out of the stall.  
“I never liked horse racing.  Don’t get me wrong, I love horses.  But I could never embrace the business end of it and the heat of the competition.  Now my brother Chris stepped right into his predetermined role of running the farm and raising champions.  I, on the other hand, could never commit.  It’s not for me.”
“What is for you, Van?”
She glanced up at him and considered his question.  Up until last night, she’d known or at least had some sort of a plan.  With her head and heart now aching, she no longer had a clue.  “I don’t know.  I thought I did, but now everything’s changed.”  Without waiting for a reply, she led Ransom outside and into the paddock. 
* * * *
Riley waited until she was out of sight before he turned back to his work.  The sadness in her voice, the lack of pep in her gait when she walked, tugged at his heart.  It was obvious, that like him, she too was wrestling with last night’s decision.
  How easy would it be to look back and regret what they’d done?  He didn’t.  
Last night had been about so much more than incredible sex.  There was little doubt in his mind he was falling for her.  He leaned against the bale and wiped his forearm across his brow.  It was his own stupid fault, he decided, hearing Ransom break into a canter outside the door.  
He’d let her stay in his house, pursued her, and hadn’t walked away last night when he knew they were tiptoeing through quicksand.  Now they were sinking, and he wasn’t sure he wanted saving. 
After dropping the last bale in place, he climbed down from the pile and rounded the corner.  He stopped and rested against the doorjamb and looked out over the paddock.  He’d only repaired the fencing around it a week before she’d arrived.  
Fate?  
While she ran Ransom on the lunge, he pondered that thought. 
For the last three days, she’d used the corral to exercise the horse.  Only today, the endearing smile that usually graced her face was missing.  Instead, a scowl sat in its place, complete with knit brows, and Riley would have given anything to know what she was thinking.
When she finished, he met her at the gate.  “Listen, Van.  I...um...”  He rubbed his hand along the back of his neck.  What exactly was he supposed to say here?  “I want you to know I really enjoyed last night, and I don’t regret anything.”
She smiled and lifted a hand to his cheek.  “Neither do I.”
He sighed.  “Good, because I had the impression that maybe you did and well—”
She pressed a finger to his lips, silencing him.  “I might not regret what happened, but that doesn’t mean I’m ready to talk about it.  Please don’t worry, Riley.  I have a lot on my mind right now, that’s all.”  Vanessa leaned into him, softly brushing a kiss against his cheek, then walked away.  He let her go.  The last thing he wanted to do was crowd her when she obviously was asking for some space.  Still, doubt crept into the back of his mind and began picking the lock on the door to his confidence.  Had he inadvertently said or done something wrong?
The phone ringing inside the house interrupted his introspection.  Taking the porch steps two at a time, he raced inside and grabbed the kitchen phone.
“Hello?”
“Riley?”  The sultry voice poured through the receiver into his ear like warm molasses. 
“Allison.”  His heart sped up and he glanced over his shoulder toward the back door. 
“Of course, it’s me.  Do you have other women who are calling you from Cincinnati?”
His gaze shifted from the door to the caller ID, and he mentally smacked himself for not checking it before he picked up.  “Um, no…of course not.”
She laughed.  Her rich tone reverberated in his ear, reminding him of happier times.  “I was only joking, Ry.  You don’t owe me any explanations.”
“Oh.”  He put a hand to his head and rubbed at his temple, before again casting a gaze toward the kitchen door.  “So, to what do I owe the pleasure of this phone call?”
“I wanted to let you know that I’m not going to be able to stay all that long this year.”
Stay?  Damn!  Riley rolled his eyes.  He’d forgotten about her scheduled visit. Normally he would have been disappointed at her news, but now, it was a welcome relief to an already stressful situation.  “Why not?” he asked, hoping he sounded sufficiently disappointed. 
“I’ve been promoted, Ry.  Isn’t that great?”
“That’s fantastic, Ally.  What’s your new position?”
“I’m a regional manager, but because of my new position, I have to be at the conference three days earlier than before.”
“That’s okay.  I understand that work comes first.”  After all, wasn’t he the one who had put his work first and caused their engagement to end?
“Ry, there’s more, but I’d like to talk to you about it in person.  I think you might be happy when you hear what I have to say.”
Riley jumped at the sound of the back door opening.  He turned to see Jesse walking into the kitchen and let out a sigh of relief.  God, why was he suddenly so jumpy? 
“Ry, did you hear me?”  Allison’s voice cut through his thoughts. 
“Um…yeah, I heard you.  I can’t wait to hear the rest of your good news.”
“And I can’t wait to see you.  Goodbye, Ry.”
“Bye, Ally.”  He hung up and turned to face Jesse’s disapproving look.
Riley held up a hand.  “Don’t you start.” 
“What?  I came in to fetch another handkerchief and a hat.  You want to screw up your life, that’s your business.” 
Jesse moved past him and disappeared into his bedroom.  “Thanks for your support,” he mumbled.  Jesse pulled no punches when it came to his feelings about Allison.  Still, she held a big part of Riley’s past.  He simply couldn’t dismiss her the way Jesse did. 
* * * *
Vanessa set the last plate on the dining room table for Sunday supper.  She headed into the kitchen for napkins in time to see Mac walk through the back door, bottle of wine in hand.
“Hey, Van.”  He leaned over to drop a quick kiss on her cheek.  “How goes things?”
“Not too bad, I guess,” she replied. 
“I take it you’re feeling better?”
“Huh?”  She paused, giving him a questioning look.
“I was wondering if your concussion was getting better.”
“Oh, that.  Yeah, I’m still having headaches, but they’re much better.”
“Good.  I’m glad.”
“Van, honey?  Did you find the nap…”  Riley entered from the living room; his voice trailed off when he spotted Mac.  Vanessa glanced between the two men, wishing more than anything that Riley hadn’t called her honey in front of Mac. 
Riley smiled and slapped Mac on the shoulder.  “Hey, pal.  It’s about time you decided to show.”
“Yeah, sorry I’m late.  Maureen and I were trying to work out a problem.”  Mac raised the bottle of wine and gestured toward the dining room.  “I’ll go put this on the table.”  He walked by, giving Vanessa a knowing look. 
“Mac knows,” she said, turning to face Riley.
He brushed a stray hair from her face.  “Knows what?” 
“That we slept together.”
Riley cocked his head to one side.  “I didn’t tell him, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
“You called me honey.  That was enough for him to figure it out.”
The look on Riley’s face grew somber before he turned away from her.  “I didn’t realize you still had feelings for him.”
“What?”  She could barely believe what she was hearing.  Hadn’t the man heard anything she’d said regarding her relationship with Mac?  “I don’t have feelings for Mac.”
“Then why are you so worried about him knowing?”
“Because…well…sex isn’t something that’s talked about in my family, and if he says anything to Morgan, then it will get back to them and I’ll have given my father another reason to be disappointed in me.”
“Is that why you’ve been avoiding me since Friday night?” 
The hurt in his voice made Vanessa want to cry.  This was exactly what she’d hoped to avoid when she said there had to be rules.  “Ry, I…” 
He stroked a soft hand along her hair.  “Will you come to me tonight after everybody leaves?”
Something different appeared in his eyes.  Something she couldn’t quite identify, and she shied away.  Her gaze fell from his and she stared at the pattern on the linoleum.  “I don’t think it’s a good idea.  I’m not sure I can separate my feelings.  I know what I said, and I wouldn’t take any of it back for the world, but everything is moving too fast.  I’m so confused, and I’m beginning to feel like I’m drowning.”
“Hey, you two, are you going to come eat or what?”  Jesse called from the hallway door. 
“We’re coming,” Riley yelled over his shoulder.  He turned back to her.  “Maybe we can continue this talk later?”
She nodded and skirted past him into the dining room where Mac was in the middle of pouring the wine.  
“So, Ry, I kind of have a big problem I need to talk to you about,” he said, handing Vanessa a glass. 
Riley slid into his seat and pulled a napkin from the stack Vanessa had set in the middle of the table.  “What’s that?”
“Well, you know how I’m supposed to have the week after next off for vacation?”
“Yeah.”  Riley’s fork hovered over his food. 
“Well, when I dropped Hannah off earlier, Maureen reminded me it’s this week she’s going away.  I’m supposed to take care of Hannah while she’s gone, which is why I asked for time off.”
The tension in the room ratcheted up a notch, and Vanessa’s stomach took a sudden dive.  Things were rough enough right now without Riley and Mac arguing.
Riley set his fork on his plate.  “Let me get this straight.  You screwed up the dates you needed for vacation and now want me to let you off this week instead?”
“I know it’s a huge pain, but—”
“But nothing, Mac.  You know vacations must be approved two months in advance.  Besides, Walt’s on vacation this week.  I can’t have you both off at the same time.”
“But I don’t have anybody to watch Hannah.”
“Get your mother to do it, or what about Maureen’s mom?”  Riley spooned up a mouthful of mashed potatoes. 
“My mom’s working and Maureen’s mom is going with her on the trip.  You know I wouldn’t ask if I didn’t have to, Ry, but I’m in a real jam here.” 
Riley shook his head.  “And you know I’d help you if I could.  I’m sorry, Mac, but it’s not possible.”
Desperate to stop the debate before it turned ugly Vanessa interjected.  “I could watch Hannah for you.”  The words were out of her mouth before she’d realized she’d said them. 
The men looked at her.  “Are you sure, Van?  Hannah can be quite a handful,” Mac asked.
Her stomach somersaulted a second time and she played off her nervousness.  
She didn’t need to bother them with her own insecurities about being with children.  “Sure.  You need somebody to watch her and I’m here at least another week, probably longer if my truck isn’t fixed.  I don’t see where there’s a problem.”
“I don’t want to put you out like that.”
She waved her hand at him.  “You’re not.  If Riley doesn’t mind.  I mean, this is his house, so it would have to be okay with him.”
“It’s fine with me,” Riley said.  “I love Hannah.  She’s always welcome here.”
“Good,” Vanessa replied and smiled at the two of them.  “Then it’s settled.” 
Chapter 11

When the alarm went off Monday morning, Vanessa had already been awake for over an hour.  Second thoughts about taking care of Mac’s daughter for the week swirled in her head.  Hannah seemed like a good little girl, but Vanessa had no experience with children and keeping a precocious six-year-old occupied wasn’t going to be easy.
She stumbled out of bed and showered.  Once dressed she went to the barn to let Ransom out into the paddock, only to have a serious lack of caffeine bring her back into the house in search of coffee.  She was leaning against the counter in the kitchen, considering calling her parents, when Riley walked in.  “You’re in deep thought.” 
She slid over, making way for him to fix his own cup.  “I was thinking maybe I should call my parents and let them know what’s going on.”
His brow creased.  “You’re thirty years old, Van.  Do you always consult your family on everything you do?”
She frowned before pushing off the counter and crossing to the table to take a seat.  “They are my parents, and I’m sure they’re worried.  I told you before I left in the middle of the night without a word to anybody.  Maybe I should call them and let them know I’m okay, just not tell them where I am.”
“You don’t think in this age of technology they could track a phone call? Honestly, I’m kinda surprised they haven’t pinged your cell phone yet.”
She absently ran a finger around the lip of the cup.  What she hadn’t told him was the phone in her purse was a second cheap phone she’d picked up. She’d removed the sim card from her original phone, turned it off and had her service provider forwarding her calls to the second phone.  Not completely untraceable, but more difficult and would take longer to do. 
Riley glanced at the clock on the wall then downed the last of the coffee.  “I’m late.”  
He turned back to look at her.  “I think you should wait until you can go back and talk to them face to face.  You go calling them now and they’re liable to come after you themselves.” 
Abandoning her cup, she followed him outside in time to see Mac pull into the drive.  Hannah climbed from the car with a pout on her face and Vanessa’s nerves jumped. 
Hannah’s sullen look morphed into a large toothy grin when she spotted Riley.  “Uncle Riley!”  She ran to him, letting the bag she carried drop to the ground.  Riley scooped Hannah into his arms, wrapped her in a hug, and spun her around.  “How’s my doodlebug this morning?” 
“I’m too big to be a doodlebug anymore,” she proudly announced. 
“Well.”  Riley set her back on the ground, a serious look claiming his features.  “I regret to inform you that you will always be my doodlebug, and it won’t matter if you’re six or sixty.”
Her pout returned.  “Hmmm.”  She folded her arms and scowled at him. 
His face twitched and Vanessa knew he was doing his best to hide a grin.  “So, are you ready to have a week of fun with Vanessa?”
Hannah shot Vanessa a cautious look and her sulk intensified.  “No,” she scowled.  “Why can’t you give Daddy off this week?  You’re the boss.  You can do that.” 
He set her down, so her tiny frame now stood in front of him again. “Honey, it’s not that easy.  You see, your dad put in for vacation next week, and well, I’ll have to answer to the mayor if I go changing it at the last minute.”
“But I want to stay with daddy.”  She emphasized her folded her arms with a humph and a foot stomp. 
“Tell you what?  I’ll do my best to get your daddy out of work early…”  The end of his sentence faded away when Hannah’s gaze turned toward the paddock. 
“Wow, look at that horse.”  She took off at full speed for the fence. 
“Hannah wait,” Mac called, racing after her.  “Hannah, he’s dangerous.  Stop!” 
Vanessa spotted the girl’s eyes on Ransom even before she moved and was already rushing to intercept her.  “Hannah, wait.”  She grabbed the girl’s arm, then narrowed her eyes at Mac.  “Ransom is not dangerous.” 
She turned her attention back to Hannah, “I want you to run to the house and get an apple from the bowl on the table.
“Okay.”  Hannah took off full speed toward the house.  Seconds later, she returned holding the green apple in her hand. 
“Do exactly what I tell you,” Vanessa lifted Hannah, so her feet rested on the bottom fence rail.  Hannah held the apple in one hand, and Vanessa made a clicking noise which brought Ransom trotting over to greet her.  “Now hold your hand out flat with your palm up and place the apple in the center.  Don’t curl your fingers and he won’t bite.  Now, Hannah I’d like to introduce you to Ransom.  Ransom, say hello to Hannah.”  When Ransom took the apple from her and chewed it core and all, her eyes widened. 
“He’s beautiful.”  Hannah turned to Mac.  “Daddy isn’t he the most beautiful horse you’ve ever seen?” 
“He sure is, honey.”
“What are those marks all over him?”  She asked, turning her attention back to Vanessa.  “Is he a dapple?  I know all about horses, and he looks like a dapple.” 
Vanessa smiled.  “No, he’s not a dapple.  He’s a blue roan.”
Hannah arched a curious brow then held a hand up over her eyes to shield them from the sun.  “What’s that?”
“Well,” Vanessa began.  “That means he has a gene in his body that makes him produce white hair along with his black ones.  
That’s what gives him that speckled look.  He’s darker than most horses like him.  Some are nearly all white and have a black head, legs, mane and tail.” 
“How did he get to be like that?  Was he born with it?”
Vanessa nodded.  “Yes, he was.” 
“Was he a racehorse?”  Hannah’s asked. 
“He was, then he got sick.  Now I ride him for fun.”
“I thought racehorses had all kinds of weird names.  His name isn’t strange.”
“Actually, his full name is ‘For the King’s Ransom’.  That’s what his racing papers say, but I call him Ransom for short.  You know an awful lot about horses, Hannah.”
“I love horses.”  Hannah smiled.  “I want to learn how to ride one, but Daddy and Mommy both live in town, so we can’t have a horse.  Hey, I have an idea.”  Vanessa watched Hannah’s eyes dance with delight at her own thoughts.  “You could teach me to ride Ransom.”
Vanessa frowned.  “I can’t teach you to ride Ransom, honey.  He’s too strong and too high spirited for a little girl like you.”
“Well, Uncle Riley has other horses.  Maybe you could teach me to ride one of them?”
Vanessa’s frown deepened.  “I don’t know.  You’ll have to ask your dad and Uncle Riley if it’s okay.”
Hannah turned first to Riley.  “Is it okay?”
Riley pursed his lips together for a moment, making it appear as though he was thinking hard.  “I suppose, but it still has to be okay with your dad.”
She turned next to her father, her eyes pleading like a hungry puppy.  “Please…please…please, Daddy, can I?”
Mac’s brow creased.  “You don’t have a riding helmet or even the right clothes.  Besides, I don’t think it would be right to ask Vanessa to do that.  It was nice enough for her to agree to watch you.”
“It’s no problem, Mac.  Really, it’s not.  I need to attend to Ransom anyway.  
I’d be happy to teach her if you say it’s all right.”
Mac glanced between Vanessa and Hannah, who now stood next to Vanessa with her eyes closed and hands clasp together in prayer.  “Well, if we get her a riding helmet, I suppose it’s okay.”
“Yes!”  Hannah screamed, jumping up and down.  “Oh, thank you…thank you…thank you, Daddy.”
Mac leveled a finger at his daughter, pointing directly at her nose.  “You’re welcome, but you do exactly what Vanessa tells you and I don’t want to hear you’ve given her any grief.  You understand?” 
Hannah nodded.  “Yes, Daddy.  I’ll be good.”
“Okay…well then, come give me a hug.  I have to go to work.” 
Hannah darted to her father for a hug, and Riley sidled up to Vanessa.  “Do I get a hug too?” he asked, smiling at her. 
Feeling much better about the direction the week was about to take, Vanessa smiled.  “How about a kiss instead?” 
His grin widened.  “Even better.”
She leaned into him to drop a quick kiss on his cheek, but he turned and captured her mouth with his own.  Shock waves caused her to gasp, allowing her mouth to open and Riley to take full advantage.  Deepening the kiss, his tongue played inside her mouth, sliding over her teeth, and chasing her tongue in a friendly game of tag.  
Suddenly weak kneed, she sagged against him, and was grateful when his arm snaked around her back to hold her up.  Her hands gripped at his shoulders as his other hand cupped her bottom.  Inside her the smoldering embers of desire flared to life, filling her with a heat that had nothing to do with the weather.  When he pulled away, she barely suppressed the urge to whimper.
“A little something to help get you through the day,” he whispered, before turning and walking away.  Powerless for the moment, Vanessa stood stock-still and watched while he dropped a soft kiss on Hannah’s head then started for his car.  
“Have a good day, and, doodlebug, be a good girl for Vanessa.”
“Okay, Uncle Riley.”  She waved then turned back to Vanessa.  “Are you going to marry Uncle Riley?” she asked, once again shielding her eyes from the sun.
“Um…what?”  Lost in her own world, Vanessa had been watching Riley leave and it took a moment for the question to register.  “Marry him?” 
“Well, yeah,” Hannah replied.  “He likes you.  I can tell.  Daddy says he hasn’t been happy since Aunt Allison left.  I don’t remember her.  Daddy said I was a baby when she left.  But he looks happy when he’s with you.”
It was time to change the subject.  “How about we go rummage around the tack room and see if we can find you a helmet?”
Hannah’s eyes lit up like fireworks on the Fourth of July.  “Okay.”
Together they walked to the shed, while Hannah’s words continued to play on a loop in Vanessa’s head.
* * * *
Riley sauntered past the reception desk on his way to his office.  “Morning, Courtney.  Anything I need to know about?” 
She shook her head.  “Nothing special.  Typical weekend stuff.  Frank Murphy’s cows broke through a fence and wandered out onto the highway again.  Dan and Travis spent most of Saturday evening helping the highway patrol herd them all up.  John caught Peter Boyle breaking into Mr. Boyd’s barn.  Apparently, after a little coercing Peter confessed to taking the stuff out at Mr. Hobbs’s farm too.”
“Good.  I assume arrangements are being made to return the missing items?”
She nodded.  “Yeah.  Oh, and Dwayne and Bill are going before Judge Monroe first thing this morning.”
“Guess I’ll be making a trip to the courthouse.”  
He moved toward his office, then paused and turned back to her.  “Oh.  Do me a favor.  I need you to type up a memo to all the deputies.  There will be a meeting first thing Thursday morning regarding the fair security.”
She opened her mouth, but he held up a hand to stop her.  “I know it’s not until late August, but Mayor Sheffield is having a fit, so the sooner we get this settled, the better for all of us.  Make sure you put in there for them to be thinking about volunteering for overtime that week, otherwise I’ll be placing names in a hat.”
“They’re not going to like that,” she replied with a sing-song lilt to her voice. 
“I don’t give a damn what they like.  It’s one week out of the entire year.”  Riley took the stack of messages and the paperwork from the weekend from her and went to his office.  “Oh, and Courtney?  Can you get me a cup of coffee?”
He eased down into his chair and read over the messages.  Mayor Sheffield called again.  Riley rolled his eyes.  Lord only knew what the man needed now.  He’d been so uptight since he’d discovered he had an opponent for this year’s election, and it was starting to drive Riley crazy.
“Here’s your coffee,” Courtney announced, strolling into Riley’s office.  She set the drink on his desk. 
“Thanks, Court.”
“Ah…Sheriff, I have some information I think you might want to see.”  She helped herself to the chair across from him.  “I ran the weekly missing persons search.  But this time I found something.”  She leaned over the desk.  Her low-cut tee drooped in a way that provided Riley with an unobstructed view of her breasts.  
She held the paper in front of him then pointed to the name listed under the picture.  “Your house guest was reported missing by her husband last week.  And her name isn’t Vanessa Beaumont, it’s Vanessa Bigby.”
Riley snatched the paper from her and scanned the information.  
Vanessa had been right when she voiced her concerns to him the other night.  Only instead of reporting the horse stolen, Trevor also reported her missing.
“Maybe he’s one of those wife-beater types and she’s run away from him.  Or maybe she’s cheating on him,” Courtney speculated.
Riley looked up and frowned at the free show she was still affording him.  “Sit down, Court.  You’re being a little melodramatic, don’t you think?” 
“You think we should call her husband and tell him she’s here?”  She shifted in the chair to cross her legs and in the process gave Riley a peek at her lacy underwear. 
Vanessa had also been right about Courtney.  He tore his eyes from the black lace and dropped them back to the photograph in front of him.  “No.  We’re not going to do anything yet.” 
Courtney’s expression drooped.  “But—” 
“I said no, don’t do anything until I tell you to. Do you understand?” he grumbled, pointing a scolding finger at her. 
Courtney nodded.  “Of course.”
“Good.  Now I’m sure you have things to do.”
Courtney slowly stood then sulked as she left the office, closing the door behind her. 
Riley stared at the picture.  It was time to call in some reinforcements.  His friend in the FBI owed him a favor.  Maybe he should find out a little more information about Vanessa’s ex before he made any sudden moves.  He picked up the phone and dialed. 
“Hey, Mike, it’s Riley, I was hoping you could do me a favor.” 
* * * *
Trevor climbed from his car and stretched.  This hiding from the police business was quickly getting old.  Saplings and weeds grew over old campsites.  
Although the abandoned campground he’d discovered on the east side of Louisville provided sufficient cover, it lacked running water and electricity.  He wouldn’t be able to stay long. 
But where could he go?  With the police discovering Leo’s body so quickly, he couldn’t return to Pinewood, at least not without Vanessa.
He could tell the police that Vanessa had Leo killed so she could take Ransom.  After all, he held the forged papers showing Ransom belonged to him.  Trevor bit his bottom lip and considered that idea.  It would still be Vanessa’s word against his.  Maybe it would be necessary to kill her.  He could leave a suicide note along with his gun, telling the authorities she had a guilty conscious for killing Leo. 
Of course, none of it mattered if he couldn’t find her.  She was such a family-oriented person he couldn’t imagine she would have ventured far with the horse.  He’d even managed to linger on the fringes of town for a few days, hoping to catch a glimpse of her, with no luck.  The only other person he knew she might trust was her friend Charlotte.  After hearing her mention this Charlotte person a few times, innate curiosity had gotten the better of him and he’d searched through her things looking for information on the person.  
Discovering Charlotte lived just outside of Bedford, Pennsylvania had explained why he’d never met the woman.  Now he was left to wonder if Vanessa had driven the horse to her friend’s farm.  He could always head north and find out.  It wasn’t like he had any better leads. 
Maybe after he found Ransom he could sell the horse to Victory, then accuse him of killing Leo.  Victory would go to jail for Leo’s murder, he could give Vanessa back her horse and try to convince her to give him another chance.  
It wasn’t like he hated her or anything.  She did do all the housekeeping and cooked almost as well as a chef.  If he cleaned up his act, he was sure they could make a go of their marriage.
He rooted through one of his bags and came up with a bar of soap he’d bought at a convenience store.  In desperate need of a shower, he jogged toward the creek that lay at the back of the property.  He only hoped the water wasn’t orange from iron ore deposits, like so many of the creeks were back in Pinewood. 
He neared the bank and let out a sigh of relief.  The stream ran clear.  He stripped down and waded knee-deep into the cool water.  He bent, splashed water up and over his body and began to wash.  It felt good to get clean, even if it was only with creek water, but without a towel, he’d have to drip dry.
He climbed from the water and sprawled out on a grassy area to dry.  Trying to ignore the growl in his stomach, he gazed up at the clouds.  No way was he going to eat another peanut butter and jelly sandwich.  It seemed like a good idea when he bought the bread, and Goober’s peanut butter, but he’d had a sandwich for breakfast, lunch, and dinner for the last four days and knew he couldn’t stomach another.
He could eat off a fast-food restaurant’s dollar menu.  That would save him some money and still give him a variety.  Slipping his arms behind his head, he closed his eyes and sighed.  His life had never been perfect, but somehow, he’d let it take a downward spiral after he hooked up with Skeet and Ramsey.  He shouldn’t have accepted that advance on the money for the Super Bowl last year.  Losing that bet put him in more debt than he could have imagined.
Trevor opened his eyes and stared up at the clouds.  His gambling not only put a strain on his relationship with Vanessa but pushed the farm in debt.  Not that he cared about what happened to the farm, but he hadn’t intended to screw up his marriage.  He couldn’t blame her for getting angry.
He’d promised over and over to quit and get some help, only to end up back at the track, betting on long shots with the hopes of catching a big break. 
No more, he thought.  His body began to relax.  He wanted more than anything to finally have a normal life.  Once this nightmare was over, he’d clean up his act and start fresh somewhere, with or without Vanessa.
* * * *
It was after six when Riley walked through the back door into the kitchen.  He glanced around the empty room and frowned.  Where was Vanessa?  He set the plastic bag on the table, began scanning the house, and found her sleeping soundly on the sofa.  She looked like an angel against the green and white gingham pillow.  Her blonde curls lay sprawled above and behind her, draping over the arm of the sofa like a golden curtain.  Her hands tucked neatly beneath her chin, as if in prayer.
Quietly, he moved the contents on the coffee table and sat down.  He studied her while she slept, burning her picture in his mind.  Crystal blue eyes hid beneath impossibly long lashes.  The ends of her mouth tilted upwards like she was having a good dream.  He sat on the edge of the table for several minutes, drinking in her image.  Deciding against waking her, he wandered back into the kitchen, opened the refrigerator, and began combing around for something to eat. 
 On the top shelf sat a plate with two sandwiches.  Smiling, Riley pulled the plate out and inspected the sandwiches.  Chicken salad with lettuce and tomato.  His smile widened.  
In need of something to drink, he set the saucer on the table then turned to the cabinet.  He reached inside to pull out a glass only to have his sleeve catch on a second one and send it shattering to the counter. 
“Damn,” he muttered and moved to the closet to retrieve the dustpan.  When he turned back, Vanessa stood in the doorway.  Her droopy eyes stared dreamily at him, and her hair looked a little disheveled, as if she’d been through a windstorm.  She was beautiful.
She smiled.  “You’re home.”
His brain took several seconds to engage.  “Um…yeah, I got here a few minutes ago.  I’m sorry I woke you.”
“It’s no big deal,” she replied.  “I was so tired after Hannah left.”  She plopped into the chair closest to the wall, letting her head fall onto her arms folded over the tabletop. 
Riley smiled.  “What?  Did Hannah exhaust you?”
Vanessa sighed.  “I never knew one little girl could have so much energy.  I swear somebody could make a fortune if they could figure out how to bottle and sell it.”
He set about cleaning the broken glass and dumped the contents into the trash.  “Kids can be a handful if you’re not used to them.”
She lifted her head and blinked her heavy-lidded eyes.  “You’re telling me.  Your poor gelding was so tired when we were done, he laid down in his stall.  I’ll probably have to use the mare with her tomorrow.”
Riley joined her at the table and snickered.  “Maybe you should have used Ransom.  A little exhaustion would go a long way in calming him down.” 
She made a face at him.  “You know, if I wasn’t so tired, I’d smack you for that comment.”
Her response made him laugh and he bit into the sandwich.  “Oh, man.  This is not fair.  You’re going to get me all used to eating like this and then you’ll leave, and I’ll have to go back to eating pickles.”
She leaned her head back against the wall.  “You said if you wanted to cook you could.”
“Yeah, but not like this.”  He paused, frowned, then rooted into his pocket, retrieving a folded piece of paper. 
“Speaking of leaving.  I have something I think you should see.”  He handed her the paper and her sleepy eyes widen in horror. 
“Oh God, he did it.” Vanessa shot from the table and began pacing the room. 
 “The bastard.  I knew he’d report Ransom stolen.  He fought me all the way through the divorce trying to get him.”  She stopped; her panicked eyes locked on Riley.  “What am I going to do?”
“First of all, you need to relax,” he replied, pushing away from the table.  He snagged Vanessa’s hands and pulled her to him.  “Nobody knows you’re here.  Which means Ransom is safe for now.  I still don’t understand why you’re so upset.  Ransom’s papers are in your name.  Legally, he can’t have the horse.”
She shook her head against his chest.  “You don’t understand.  He told me after the final court date that I’d better keep a good eye on him.  He’ll kill him, Ry.  He’ll kill him to keep me from having him.”
Her body shook against him, and he wrapped his arms a little tighter around her.  “I won’t let that happen.  Listen to me.”  He tipped her chin, so her damp eyes locked with his.  “I have a friend who is an FBI agent.  I called him today after I found out about this.”  He pointed to the paper she clutched between her fingers.  “He’s going to do some investigating for me.  Until then, I think it would be best for you to stay right here where I can protect you and Ransom.” 
Chapter 12

Outside the screened backdoor, Riley watched Vanessa as she moved about the kitchen singing to a Tim McGraw song on the radio while she put away clean dishes.  Her voice filled the space, echoing off the walls before it carried out the door.  A smiled drifted across his lips.  The scent of fried chicken rode on the wave of music, wrapping around him, kissing his senses. 
After the last few days, it was nice to see her relaxed and enjoying herself.  Ever since Monday night’s news, she’d been skittish and overly sensitive.  It bothered him to see her so upset and to know there was little he could do to ease her worries.
He opened the door and stepped inside.  “Hey, beautiful, I didn’t know you could sing.”
She spun around; a sheepish smile crossed her lips.  “And I didn’t know you were home.”
He set a bag on the table and crossed in front of her to the stove.  “I know I’m a little late, but I had to stop off somewhere first.  Mmmm, that chicken smells like heaven.”  He stood over the skillet letting the smell fill his nostrils. 
“So, what’s in the bag?” she asked, peeking inside.
“Movies.”
“Movies?”
“Yeah, I thought it would be nice to watch some movies together.  Since I wasn’t sure what you like, I rented a couple of different types.” 
Vanessa reached into the bag and pulled out a stack of DVD’s.  “That’s so sweet.  What did you get?”  She thumbed through the stack.  “Platoon?”  She shook her head.  “I don’t think so.”
“It’s a great war movie.” 
She laughed.  “Spoken like a typical man.  What else did you rent?”  She moved to the next movie.  “Bull Durham?”
“It’s a romance and comedy rolled into one.  Besides, it’s a baseball movie.  You can’t go wrong with baseball.”
She rolled her eyes.  “I’ve seen Bull Durham.  How about something a little more up to date?”
“Hey, at least I didn’t rent 9 ½ Weeks.”
Vanessa shook her head.  “Thank God for small miracles.”
Riley laughed at her comment.  “I’m going to go change.  Why don’t you make us some popcorn and I’ll meet you on the couch in ten?”
“What about dinner?” she called after him. 
“Fine, we’ll eat first.  Be sure to leave room for popcorn.”
* * * *
Vanessa set the bowl of popcorn on the coffee table and eyed the movies, now spread out on the like a fan.  “I’m not watching a war movie and I’d rather not watch ‘Freddie vs. Jason.” 
“Now, there’s nothing wrong with a good horror movie.”
“There is when you’re ten years old and your brothers are torturing you by saying Freddie Krueger is living under your bed.”
He chuckled.  “Okay, but you’re a grown woman now and know Freddie Krueger isn’t real.”
“Age doesn’t take away the fear.  You said it yourself.”
He gently brushed a knuckle along her cheek.  “I’ll protect you.”
She watched his eyes go dark and felt the air grow heavy with desire.  “How about we watch Bull Durham?”  She moved to place the DVD in the player then tentatively joined him on the couch.  For the next two hours, they laughed, joked, and emptied the popcorn bowl.  When the move was over, Riley replaced it with the horror movie. 
“I’m not kidding, Riley.  I don’t want to watch that.”
He frowned.  “Come on, Vanessa.  This movie is a joke.  It’s not scary.”
She let out a long sigh.  “Okay, but if I have nightmares, I’m holding you responsible.”
He pushed play and rejoined her on the couch.  “Tell you what.  When we get to a scary part close your eyes or look away.”
“Easy for you to say,” she mumbled.  The movie began and Vanessa moved closer to him, eventually getting close enough for him to wrap an arm around her.  When the first ‘scary’ scene appeared, she screamed and buried her face against his chest.  He wrapped his other arm around her.  “Vanessa, it’s only a movie.”
She shook her head.  “You don’t understand.”  Her voice muffled against his flesh.  She laid her cheek against him and closed her eyes.  “My brothers were relentless.  One time Chris snuck into my room wearing the Freddie mask and razor hand.  He climbed onto my bed and stood over me when I slept, then Kyle flipped on the light and started screaming.  It was weeks before I was able to sleep with the lights off again.”
“Brothers are like that.  You wouldn’t believe the things I used to do to Son...” 
The abrupt ending had Vanessa lifting her head.  He looked down at her.  The grief in his eyes made her heart break.  She couldn’t imagine the pain he felt, the suffering he’d endured over the years of dealing with his sister’s death.  For a moment, she sat there unsure of what to do, but her need to comfort him overpowered her and she lifted her hand to his face.  He rubbed his cheek against her palm, then pulled her to him, guiding her onto his lap.  Her other hand rested on his chest.
“I’m so sorry,” she whispered against his cheek. 
“It’s okay,” he said, his voice sounding strangled and tight when he spoke.  “It was a long time ago and I’ve learned to deal with the pain.  Sometimes, though, it still hits me hard.”
“Will you tell me about her?” 
For a moment, he said nothing, and she worried that she’d overstepped her boundaries.  She was about to apologize for asking when he spoke. 
“Sonya had an incredible personality.  She was one of those people who seemed to get along with everybody.  She was prom queen, student council president, voted most likely to succeed and had an amazing singing voice.”
He shifted into the corner of the couch, and leaned back, pulling Vanessa with him so she lay against his chest.  His fingers trailed gentle paths over the muscles in her back and she began to relax.  “She sounds like a great person.”
“She was.  We were so close.  She was the only person I told when I lost my virginity.  I had so many questions.  I couldn’t ask Mom and Dad, so she answered them for me and kept my secret.  Even after she left for college, she’d call once a week and we’d talk.  She was my connection to the big city, and I was her reminder of home.”
Vanessa tilted her head to look up at him.  “It must have been horrible when she was killed.” 
He drew in a deep breath “For the first few days, I refused to believe it was true.  Then Dad and I went to bring home her body and that’s when it hit me.  I don’t ever remember crying when I was a kid, but I sobbed like a baby for days after the funeral.  The bastards who killed her were never caught.”
“Is she the reason you decided to go into law enforcement?” 
He nodded.  “I’d been muddling through school, you know, one of those dumb jocks who didn’t know what he wanted to do with his life and didn’t have the grades to get into college.  After Sonya was murdered, I had a sudden need to try and make things right, so after I graduated, I went to the academy, moved to Cincinnati and joined the police department.”
“How did you end up back here?” 
His eyes fixed on the ceiling fan overhead.  “Mom got sick.  Dad was already gone.  He died two years after Sonya was killed—had a stroke while he was out farming. 
 Anyway, when Mom found out she had breast cancer, I came back.  She was all the family I had left, and I couldn’t leave her alone to die.”
“Of course you couldn’t.”
She needed to ease up on the questions, but one burned the tip of her tongue begging to be asked.  One last question and she’d let the rest of the conversation slide. 
“What about your fiancée?”  There, she asked and immediately wondered if he would answer.
He didn’t hesitate.  “Allison?  She wasn’t happy about moving here, but she came and stayed until Mom died.  Then I decided to stay and run for Sheriff.  That’s when she handed me an ultimatum.  It was either her or the farm and the job, but I couldn’t have both.”
“So, why did you pick the farm and the job when it obviously hurt you so?”  Okay, so she lied, about it being her last question, but her curiosity was piqued. 
He brushed the hair from her face.  “The same reason you were willing to give up everything to keep Trevor from selling Ransom.”
* * * *
Vanessa stood at the gate to the paddock while Hannah posted on Riley’s mare, Valentine.  “You’re doing great, Hannah.  Give her a little more reign.”  Hannah let out the reigns and the mare tossed her head in response.  “That’s it, very good.” 
It was hard for her to believe she’d been here for two weeks.  She’d heard from Pete’s Garage on Tuesday only to learn the wrong part came in, and the correct part was on backorder.  
Because of it, her truck wouldn’t be ready for at least another two weeks.  With no word from Riley’s FBI friend, she wouldn’t be leaving anytime soon.
Still, she was getting used to her surroundings and falling into a comfortable pattern.  
She thought about Riley at work and wondered if they’d be going to the bowling alley again tonight.
The sound of tires crunching against gravel diverted her attention to the drive.  Mac’s explorer pulled to a stop, and he stepped out.  His eyes locked on his daughter and a slow smile crept across his face. 
“Daddy!  Daddy!  Look at me,” Hannah called. 
“I see, honey.  You look great.”  He joined Vanessa at the fence.  “You’ve done amazing work with her this week.”
Vanessa shook her head.  “She’s done all the work.  I only gave her the tools.”
Mac leaned against the rail.  “Well, I have to admit, I had my concerns on Monday.”  He continued to watch for a moment before turning to Vanessa with a serious look.  “Listen, Van, Riley’s probably going to be really late.”
“Okay, Hannah, take in her reign and start to slow her down.”  She arched a curious brow.  “Late?  Why is he going to be late?”  Her stomach plummeted at the worry in Mac’s eyes.  “What is it, Mac?  What’s happened?” 
He sighed.  “Now don’t panic.  There’s been an accident.  Riley’s okay, but Dan, one of our deputies, well, he’s not so good.”
Vanessa swore she could feel the blood draining from her body.  “What happened?”
Her gaze shifted slightly to watch Hannah pull Valentine to a stop and dismount.  “Daddy, did you see me?  Did you see how well I can ride?”
Mac smiled again, reaching out to touch his daughter’s ebony hair.  “Yeah, honey, I saw.  You’re getting really good, but you better go walk Valentine and cool her off, okay?”
“Okay, Daddy.”  She leaned over the rail and dropped a soft kiss on his cheek before turning and heading off with the horse. 
Mac sighed.  “Riley dropped off his squad car at Pete’s to have it serviced.  Dan picked him up and was heading back to the station house when a semi ran a red light and hit them.
  They air lifted Dan to St. Theresa’s over in Jackson.  Riley went with him.”
“Oh God,” Vanessa gasped.  Her knees buckled beneath her, and she reached for the fence to steady herself. 
Mac’s arm wrapped around her waist, keeping her from collapsing to the ground.  “Van, are you okay?”
She nodded.  “Are you going over there?”
“Yeah, I’m dropping Hannah off at my mother’s, then I’m heading to the hospital.”
“I want to go.” 
“I figured you might.” 
An hour later, Vanessa stared silently out the passenger window of Mac’s Explorer at the fields speeding by.  Rows of corn and beans alternated in her view with pastures of cattle and horses.
Mac’s voice cut through the silence.  “Riley said he wasn’t hurt but didn’t want to leave until he knew Dan was going to be okay.” 
She nodded but didn’t look at him, choosing instead to keep her gaze focused out the window.  “What am I supposed to say to him when I get there?”
“Why do you have to say anything?  Just be there for him.”
She glanced over at him only to find a puzzled expression claiming his features.  She let out a sigh. “But I’m not even sure if he’ll want me there or even if I belong there.”
“I’d bet you fifty bucks he wants you there and will be happy to see you.”
She arched a brow. “You think?”
Mac smiled.  “I know.”
“How do you know?”
He shot her a ‘get real’ look.  “Come on, Van.  I see how you two look at each other.  I keep thinking I’m gonna have to call out the fire department to hose you two down.”
She made a scoffing sound in her throat.  “Please.  I think you’re reading more into this than what’s there.”
“You don’t think other people notice, but they do.  Your face glows every time you lay eyes on him, and he’s been, well, he’s been a lot more relaxed this past week.”
“What are you saying?”
“I’m saying there’s something between you two.  Don’t turn your back on it because you feel you’re supposed to.”
“I’ve been here two weeks.  Aren’t you jumping the gun a little?”
Mac shrugged.  “When it’s right, it’s right.  Time is irrelevant.”
* * * *
The smell of antiseptic and bleach nearly overpowered Vanessa’s senses as she and Mac walked at a brisk pace through the hospital’s main floor.  They passed the flower and gift shops, cafeteria, and giant fish tank in the waiting room.  The elevator doors opened, and she followed Mac inside.  Her stomach threatened mutiny at the thought of what she would say to Riley.  What if Mac was wrong and Riley didn’t want her here?
When she found him standing outside Dan’s room staring in through the large glass window, every fear she’d been struggling with melted away. 
Deep worry lines etched across his face and his gaze remained fixed on the figure lying on the other side.  She approached and spotted the neat white bandage above his left eye.  A deep bruise trailed along his cheek, along with several scratches. 
She slid a gentle hand up his back.  He turned to her, wrapped a strong arm around her waist, and kissed her softly before enveloping her in a hug. 
“Mac told me what happened.  I’m so sorry.”  She glanced through the window separating the room from the hallway.  Dan lay on the other side.  He was hooked to machines which appeared to be helping him to breath and monitor his heart rate.  
His head was bandaged and from what little she could see it appeared bruises covered his face.  A woman, who Vanessa could only assume was his wife, sat next to him with a tissue in her hand.
Riley held her tight against him, his cheek resting in her hair, his body shaking against hers.  “I’m glad you’re here.”
“So am I.  I was so worried.”  She pulled away and brushed a stray hair from his face.  It was at that moment she realized how worried she really was. 
What if Riley had been the one lying unconscious in that bed?  She glanced between the window and Riley.  How would she have looked, grieving by his bedside after only knowing him for such a short time?
She closed her eyes and drew in a deep breath.  It wasn’t a thought she wanted to contemplate. 
“What did the doctors say?”  She skimmed her knuckles along his cheek. 
He captured her hand in his and kissed it.  “Right now, he’s in critical condition.  They said how he does in the next few days will be important.”
The stress in his voice had her desperately wishing she could take away his pain.  “What about you?  How are you doing?”
He was trying to smile but gave up and shook his head.  “How I am doesn’t matter.”
“Yes, it does,” she replied.  “Please don’t be so hard on yourself, Riley.  This wasn’t your fault.”
“In the five years I’ve been Sheriff, I’ve never had a man down, Van.  It doesn’t matter if the accident was or wasn’t my fault, I feel responsible.”
“I wish there was something I could do for you.”
He smiled a little.  “Your being here means more to me than you could ever know.” 
Chapter 13

Riley sat at the table with his head resting on his hands.  Except for the light in the kitchen, the house was dark, and it was well past ten.  The adrenaline rush he’d carried with him all day finally began to fade.  Exhaustion took over and his entire body began to ache.
“Are you hungry?  I can make you something to eat, if you want, or maybe some hot tea or coffee?”  Vanessa stood with her hand on the refrigerator door. 
He pushed his chair away from the table, stood and crossed to her, wrapping his arms around her waist.  “I don’t want anything.  Thank you.”
She let go of the door, turned in his arms and lifted a hand to his cheek.  “You need to eat something.  Mac said the accident happened right before lunch, so I know you haven’t had anything since breakfast.”
The concern in her voice struck him deep.  He’d never been one to rely on others, but right now, he simply couldn’t carry the burden alone.  The need to feel her in his arms, to wrap himself in her love and forget about the horrors of the day raged through him.  Emotionally raw, he put his feelings on the line and prayed she wouldn’t turn him down.  “All I need is you, Van.  Please come to bed with me.”
Her gaze fell away, and she backed out of his arms.  “Riley…”
Stupid move, Riley. He held up a hand to stop her.  “I’m sorry.  It was wrong of me to ask.”  And wrong of me to rely on anyone.  “But I only wanted to hold you.”  Intent on dropping into bed, he turned away and headed for the hallway.  If nothing else, he at least had a soft pillow waiting for him.
He’d only taken a few steps when her gentle hand came to rest on his arm.  “Wait.”
Stopping, he turned back to her.  The look in her eyes was one he hadn’t seen before. 
“Let me lock the door and turn off the light, then we can go upstairs.”
His heart soared while he waited for her to turn the lock and flip the switch. 
She crossed the darkened kitchen to where he stood.  “Ready.”
Hand in hand, they walked through the house and up the stairs.  Once in his room, he closed the bedroom door and reached to turn on the light. 
Her hand came down over his.  “No, leave it off.”
He nodded and walked slowly to the bed, where he sat and rested his elbows on his knees.  Nothing he did was going to change the day’s events, but if he could climb into bed, wrap his arms around her, and fall into slumber with the scent of her filling his senses, he might manage to get a restful night’s sleep. 
Her feet appeared in his line of sight, breaking his concentration.  His gaze moved up, taking in her form. 
“What can I do to make it better for you?”
He closed his eyes, drew in a breath, and shook his head.  Unless she had a magic wand in her pocket, she couldn’t do anything. 
She dropped to her knees and cupped his face in her palms then brushed the softest of kisses over his lips.  “Please, let me in, Ry.  I want to help.” 
Brick by brick, she was breaking down his defenses, penetrating the fortress of pain he harbored.  Allowing anything more than what they’d already done would be asking for more heartache, but he couldn’t help himself.  His response was a gentle slip of his tongue, which she accepted. 
Their mouths continued to tangle in an exquisite embrace.  Her hand slid from his face and came to rest on his chest. 
Drawing out the last kiss, Vanessa pulled away and moved her fingers to the top button on his uniform shirt.  She worked her way down, the fabric falling away with each button’s release.  
Moonlight streamed through the windows, illuminating the room, and helping to reveal the stripe of black and purple bruises which developed over the course of the day.  They stretched diagonally along his chest, crossing him where his seatbelt had held him in place.  “Oh, Riley, this must hurt.” 
“It’s not so bad,” he managed to say before she pressed a kiss to his bruised flesh.  The feel of her lips against his skin sent a jolt of pain through him.  His eyes burned and his breath caught in his throat.
She quickly pulled back.  “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
“No,” he replied, running a finger along the gentle curve of her neck.  “You didn’t.” Even though she had, like she said, she didn’t mean to and there wasn’t any point in making her feel bad.  “You are so beautiful,” he whispered.  His hand slipped along her side to cup her breast through the fabric of her shirt.  She held her breath.  He tweaked her nipple with his finger and thumb.
* * * *
Currents of pleasure radiated through her entire body when he stroked a thumb over her nipple. 
“Let me love you tonight,” she whispered against his neck, then began dropping feather light kisses along the stubble of his chin.  His hands fell away from her, coming to rest as his side while she shimmied out of her clothes. 
This was new ground for her, she realized, as she unzipped his pants, reached in, and released him from its cloth prison.  
She wrapped her fingers around his length, intrigued by the fact that they barely touched and gave it one firm stroke upward.  
Never all that interested in touching her ex, she was inexperienced to say the least.  
Riley sucked in a breath and his hips jutted forward, thrusting further into her hand.  Taking that as a good sign, she repeated the process.  
Still, it didn’t seem quite enough.  Never had she felt such a desire to give of herself, to satisfy another while asking for nothing in return.  Yet here she was, about to give him something no man had ever received from her before. 
She lowered her head only to feel a pull in her hair.  “Vanessa.” 
At the sound of his voice, she looked up to see his worried eyes staring back at her.  “You don’t have to do this.”
A small smile crossed her face.  “I want to.”
Not waiting for his reply, she continued with her task.  A low growl permeated the air and his grip on her hair tightened.  Ignoring his grip on her hair, she gave him everything she had to offer. It was easy when love was involved.  She felt her brow knit with that thought.  Was she really in love with him?
 He sucked in a strangled breath as his hips moved in short jerky spurts.  Her name tumbled from his lips on a whisper of ardor. 
After several minutes she moved to straddle him. His eyes burned with a fire hotter than any sun.  There was more than desire glowing bright in his irises, and if she’d been capable of any type of rational thought, that realization probably would have scared her.
Gently, she lowered her body until he breached her.  She closed her eyes and sucked in a breath as the friction of their joining sent desire skyrocketing.  Once fully sheathed, careful of his bruises, she braced her hands on his chest and started to move.  
This was different from anything she’d ever experienced. This was about more than simply the act and the feelings it induced. 
It was about seeing his eyes fill with passion as they moved together, hearing his breath catch in his lungs, tasting the flavor of him and smelling everything that made him a man. Making love was connecting their souls.
The thought scarcely took form before her orgasm rolled over her. Wanting to see his release, she dueled with the need to close her eyes and abandon herself to the sensations ripping through her. His face twisted and tightened when his own completion came sudden and hard. His groan echoed in her ears, his fingers dug into her hips, and his heat filled her.
* * * *
Vanessa awoke with an elbow to the ribs.  She rolled over and nearly tumbled off the bed.  So much for romance.  She edged off the bed and padded across the rug to the open closet.  Searching for something to wear, she pulled one of Riley’s T-shirts from the hanger and slipped it over her head.  The fabric draped lightly over her naked body.  Never, even when she was married to Trevor, did she sleep in the nude, but with Riley, it felt so right.  With Riley, everything felt right. 
She glanced around the room, then began an all-out hunt for her panties.  Where had he tossed them last night?  Or had she been the one who tossed them aside?  Eventually, she gave up the search and walked to the door.  After yesterday, she wanted to surprise him with a hearty breakfast in bed and if she kept hunting in the room, she feared she might wake him.  Pausing at the door, she turned to watch him sleep.  He too lay naked, sprawled across the bed on his stomach, his face buried in the pillow.  Her face twisted into a smile.  Yeah, he definitely had a nice backside.
Before she missed her opportunity to make him breakfast, she hurried downstairs and spent several minutes rooting through the refrigerator before finding fresh eggs and some sausage.  
Combined with a little toast and juice, he would have a fine breakfast.  She opened the cabinet and pulled out a frying pan.  Setting it on the stove, she paused.  Had she really become so comfortable here so quickly? 
Cracking the eggs into the skillet, she contemplated that thought.  
In the time she’d been here she’d learned which cabinet his spices were in, what drawer held the silverware and which glass was his favorite, and she knew her heart was in serious trouble.
* * * *
Vanessa lay beneath Riley, warm, wet, and inviting.  He pumped into her, filling her with his love as she cried out his name in a passionate release.  Opening his eyes, he’d expected to find her writhing under him, hips raised in rhythm with his own thrusts.  What he found instead was an empty pillow and him, buck naked, rubbing against the sheets. 
He rolled over and stared at the empty space next to him.  Damn it!  Sometime during the night, she’d slipped back to her own room again.  Or had she?  Catching a whiff of sausage cooking, he smiled.  Did she simply wake up before him and head downstairs to make breakfast?  Either way, it was time to find out.
Slowly, he moved to sit up and swung his legs over the side of the bed.  Sore and still tired, he stretched to work out the kinks in his muscles and fought against the pain in his chest.  He glanced down and winced at the deep black bruise, crossing him like a sash. 
Getting up from the bed wasn’t easy.  The damaged muscles screamed in protest at his movements.  He struggled to his feet and crossed the bedroom to his dresser where he retrieved a pair of black shorts and eased them on.  Then, following the scent of fresh sausage and eggs, he made his way down the steps. 
He stepped into the doorway of the kitchen, caught sight of her, and the throb in his chest shifted so it centered over his heart.  She stood in front of the stove, cooking in one of his T-shirts.  It was long and hung right above her knees.  The white of the fabric served to accentuate her lush legs and hips.  Her blonde curls were wild this morning, falling seductively over her shoulders and down her back. 
This was how he wanted to wake up every morning, with her in his kitchen, cooking his breakfast in one of his shirts and taking care of their children.  The last thought scrambled his brain, creating a panicked feeling in his chest.  What was he doing thinking about children?  Enough thinking!  He stepped through the doorway and snaked an arm around her waist. 
“Good morning,” he growled in her ear, pulling her against him. 
She smiled and turned her head to give him a kiss.  “Good morning.  How are you feeling?”
“Sore.  What ‘cha cooking?”  He peered over her shoulder into the skillet.
“I found eggs and sausage in the refrigerator, so I decided to make you breakfast.”
“I’ve got a better idea,” he whispered before slipping a hand beneath her shirt.  He was prepared to dip his fingers beneath the lace of her panties, but quickly realized she wasn’t wearing any, and moaned.  “You’re trying to kill me.” 
She smiled.  “No, I couldn’t find them this morning.  I wanted to surprise you with breakfast before you woke, so I gave up looking for them.  I thought the shirt would be long enough to hide the fact I wasn’t wearing any.”
“It was.”  He crushed his mouth against hers and reached behind her to shut off the fire.  Then, he picked her up and carried her to the table.  When her bottom contacted the cool wood, she let out a squeal.
“I thought you said you were sore?” she asked. 
“I am, but I’m also something else,” he replied, pulling her to the edge of the table.  Already aroused from his earlier dream, the moment he saw her in his shirt his erection sprang to life and demanded attention.  The sooner he buried himself inside her sweet core the better. 
“Riley, we can’t,” she murmured between kisses.  “What about Jesse?”
He glanced over his shoulder at the clock hanging over the stove.  “It’s Saturday morning, darling, and right about now he’s at the diner in town having breakfast with his buddies.”
“But the back doors open.  What if somebody walks in?”
“Let them.”  At that moment he didn’t care if the Pope himself walked through the door.  He pushed his hips between her legs and pulled at his shorts.
“Riley...”  She started to protest.  He lined up with her opening and thrust, burying himself in her channel until his hips rested against her bottom.  Any argument she had quickly morphed into a gasp.
He smiled.  “You were going to say something?” 
“It wasn’t important.”
* * * *
With her compilation CD of love songs playing softly through her stereo speakers, Courtney drove toward Riley’s farm, tapping her fingers against the leather-wrapped steering wheel.  They were a tight knit group at the Sheriff’s Department, and yesterday’s accident had been tough on the entire crew, but she knew Riley had taken it especially hard.  It wasn’t uncommon for him to carry more responsibility on his shoulders than necessary, that trait was one of the things she loved about him.
If there was a silver lining in all this, it would be her newfound opportunity to make an impression on him.  
She could make him a little breakfast, maybe give his sore muscles a massage, and be there in general for him.  If they ended up in his bed, well, that was a bonus.
After seeing him with Vanessa last night, she was going to have to step up her effort to have him notice her.  Her plan had been simple, a little flirting here, a small touch there, eventually leading up to asking him out.  All she needed was to get him drunk enough for his judgment to waver.  Once he’d slept with her, the rest would be cake.  
However, Vanessa was an obstacle she hadn’t counted on.  Even now, Vanessa would probably be at the house, doing all the things Courtney intended on doing.  She didn’t care.  It was high time Vanessa was put in her place, and she was the girl to do it.  Surely, Riley would take her side.  After all, he worked with her and had known her for years.  Vanessa was nothing more than a passing fancy that would be gone soon.  Then, where would he be?
Courtney pulled into Riley’s driveway, turned off the radio and put the car in park a short distance from the house.  Checking her makeup in the mirror one last time, she turned off the ignition then stepped out of the car, careful not to slam the door.  She straightened the clothes she’d chosen so carefully, a tight belly shirt with a sexy pink lace bra, mini-skirt, and a matching pink thong. 
She strolled toward the house, her heels crunching against the gravel.  Maybe if Vanessa hadn’t beaten her to it, she’d start by making his breakfast.  If he had a full stomach, the massage would have more impact.
The thought quickly dashed when she climbed the back steps of the porch.  The kitchen door was open with screen closed.  She heard voices—no, moans—and began to slow.
  For a moment, Courtney stood back against the wall, next to the door, listening.  She closed her eyes and swallowed hard at the sound of passion drifting out from inside the room.  
She turned to walk away, but morbid curiosity had her lowering to her knees.  She peered through the bottom half of the screen door and her heart shattered against her chest. 
There was Riley, shorts around his ankles, with his back to her.  Vanessa lay across the table, her legs draped over Riley’s shoulders while he pumped inside her.  Courtney’s hand whipped to her mouth, and she froze in place. 
“Oh God, Riley.”  Vanessa’s passionate pleas echoed inside her ears, bringing tears to her eyes.  
Her stomach churned and lurched and the overwhelming need to vomit finally pulled her from the scene.  
With her hand still over her mouth and tears streaming down her cheeks, she raced back to her car, started the ignition, and quickly pulled out of the drive.  Once she’d put some distance between them, she sobbed.  That should have been her, she thought, brushing away the tears blurring her vision.  She should have been the one lying across that table, crying out Riley’s name. 
Anger absorbed her sorrow, and she slammed a fist against the steering wheel.  Damn it, this had gone far enough.  It was time to get Vanessa out of Jessup and out of Riley’s life.  Riley was her man, and Courtney wasn’t going to give him up without a fight. 
* * * *
Trevor pulled his car to the mouth of the long drive leading to the farm.  He’d searched hard for Charlotte’s address, putting himself at risk of being caught by making inquiries in town.  It was a chance he was willing to take if it meant finding Vanessa. 
He pulled his .38 from beneath his seat.  Hopefully, he wouldn’t need to use it, but if things turned ugly, he better be prepared.  The last thing he wanted was to hurt anybody else, but if people stood in his way, then that’s what would happen.
Trevor put the car back in gear and started up the drive.  Piecing together what he was going to say, his stomach twisted and turned in the process. 
If Vanessa was there, then she’d probably already filled this Charlotte’s head with vicious lies about him and it wouldn’t matter what he said.
He pulled in front of the house and stepped out of the car.  Before he moved from the safety of his vehicle, he tucked the gun into his waistband.  Best not to alarm the woman unless necessary. 
The front door opened, and a petite redhead appeared.  
He slowly ascended the steps to the front porch 
“Can I help you?”  She eyed him with caution.
“I certainly hope so.  You see, I’m looking for someone.”  He stood close enough to her to reach out and touch her. 
“Well, I’m not sure if I can help you.  Who is it you’re looking for?”
“Vanessa Beaumont.”
Her eyes widened and she took a step back into the house.  “I…I’m afraid I don’t know anybody by that name.  Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have things to do.”
She pushed the door, but before it completely shut, Trevor wedged his foot inside.  “I know you’re a friend of hers.”  Now he gave the door a good shove only gaining a little traction. 
“Yes, but I haven’t spoken to her in months.”
Her declaration only served to anger him.  “Liar.”  He reared back and bashed the door with his shoulder, sending Charlotte tumbling backwards.  He scrambled inside and kicked the door shut with his foot.  Before she had a chance to regain her footing, he was on top of her, holding the gun to her head.  “I know she’s here, damn it,” he snarled.  “Let me have her and the horse, and I won’t have to hurt you.”
“I’m not lying.  She’s not here.”  She said through ragged breaths.
“Then why did you act like you were hiding something when I asked you about her?”
She wrapped her hands around his arm hold her down by the neck.  “Because she told me you didn’t know about her being friends with me.  She’d mentioned a couple of times about coming to visit, but I haven’t spoken to her since before your divorce was final.”
Trevor pressed the gun’s muzzle to her temple.  “If you’re lying, I swear I’ll kill you.”
She closed her eyes.  “Please believe me.  She’s not here.”
He looked around the room, taking in his surroundings.
To the right of the living room was a large staircase leading to the second floor, straight back was a dining room which opened into a large kitchen.  Chances were, there wasn’t anybody else downstairs, or he probably would have spotted them when he came in, but upstairs was another story.  “Then you won’t mind if I take a quick look around.”
Before she could answer, he pulled her to her feet and snagged her by the hair, yanking her back against him.  With the gun firmly pressed against her head, he started for the steps.  “Let’s take a little tour of your place, why don’t we,” he whispered against her ear.
Climbing stairs and holding a hostage at the same time wasn’t an easy task, but it didn’t take long for Trevor to figure out the best method.  Methodically, they made their way down the hall, checking each room.  They reached the final room.  Realizing she wasn’t there, Trevor’s jaw tightened.
Charlotte opened the door to the last bedroom, and he shoved her inside, closing it behind him.  “Okay, so she’s not here, but I do think you know where she is.”
Charlotte backed away from him, shaking her head.  “I swear, I don’t know.  I didn’t even know she was missing.”
“You’re lying.”  He stalked toward her, gripped her by the neck, and pointed his gun in her face.  “Now tell me where she is.”
“I don’t know,” she sobbed.
“You do know.”  He cocked the hammer.  “Now tell me or I kill you right here.”
“S…she’s in Ohio.  She was on her way here and had an accident.”
“Where in Ohio?”
“I swear, I don’t know.  It was some little town that started with a J, but I can’t remember.”
What in the hell was he supposed to do now?  If he left her here, she was certain to call the cops and Vanessa.
  Without having enough time to get away, he was sure to get caught.  Taking her with him might provide him with some sexual entertainment but having a second person in tow would also slow him down. 
He rushed back down the steps, pulling her with him.  Surely an old farmhouse like this had a basement.  Dragging her through the kitchen, he found the door leading to the cellar.  “Into the basement,” he ordered.  Maybe if he tied her up and left her, he’d have enough time to escape back into hiding.
One step at a time, they descended into the cold, dark basement.  He stepped down onto the concrete and struggled to see.  “Where’s the damn light?”
“On the far wall.”  She pulled away from him. 
“Hey!” he yelled, chasing after her.  A noise resonated from across the room, and he centered in on the sound.  “Don’t make me hurt you, Charlotte.”
The light blinked on, and Trevor turned in time to see Charlotte swinging a shovel at him.  The impact caught him in the shoulder and knocked him to the floor.  Pain rocketed through his arm. 
Charlotte ran for the steps while he struggled back to his feet. 
She would not get away with that.  Her foot landed on the bottom step at the same time he lifted his hand and fired his gun.  She froze, then fell forward onto the staircase when the bullet penetrated her back.
Trevor grabbed her by the feet and pulled her away from the steps.  “Now look what you made me do.  I was going to tie you up and leave without hurting you, but you had to try and escape.”
She lay at his feet with her eyes closed and he wasn’t sure she was even still alive, but at this point, he needed to make sure she wasn’t.  He couldn’t have her telling the police or Vanessa about him being there.
Staring down at her, Trevor swallowed hard and pointed his gun at her head.  This was it.  This was the moment when everything in his life would change.  The authorities might never know he was the one who killed her, but he would know.  It wouldn’t be an accident like Leo’s death.  What he was about to do was cold, vicious, and intentional.
Chapter 14

Riley sat in his office going over the reports from the weekend.  He was already on his second cup of coffee and had called the hospital to check on Dan.  With his condition upgraded and the doctors now projecting him to make a complete recovery, a huge weight lifted from Riley’s shoulders.  Then there was the issue of Courtney.  She’d been quiet and distant this morning and when he’d asked her if everything was all right, her reply had been “I’m fine” and nothing more. 
“Excuse me, Sheriff?”  Courtney knocked on his open door.
“Yeah, Court.”
“There’s someone here to see you.  He says he’s an old friend.”
Riley furrowed his brow.  Who would be calling on a Monday morning that Courtney didn’t know?  She knew nearly everybody in town.  “Well, show him in, I guess.”
When the man walked through the door, Riley’s brow smoothed, and he smiled.  “Mike.  How the hell have you been?”  He reached across the desk to shake hands. 
“Ry.  What happened to you?”  Mike asked, accepting the greeting. 
“Car accident.”  Riley nodded at Courtney.  “It’s fine, Court.  Please pull the door closed on your way out.”
“I see the accident didn’t do much to that ugly mug of yours.  Anybody else get hurt?”
“One of my deputies.”  Riley motioned for Mike to take a seat.  “He’s pretty banged up, but, thankfully, he’ll be okay.  So, do I have to ask why you’re here?”  The fact he was there made Riley nervous.  It was good to see his old friend, but since he’d contacted Mike just last week, he had a feeling his friend wasn’t here for a social call. 
Mike shook his head.  “I’m heading to my parents in Columbus, and thought I’d drop by on my way.  
I have information on Trevor Bigby.”
Riley’s nerves danced.  He leaned forward in his chair, his arms coming to rest on top of his desk.  “I’m assuming it’s bad.  I mean, otherwise you could have called me with the information.”
“Why don’t you judge for yourself?”  Mike pulled some folded papers from his pocket and handed them to Riley.  
He unfolded the papers and began to read.  The first page held basic information, nothing all that incriminating.  He flipped the page and began reading the second sheet.  The tension in his shoulders increased and his brows knit, starting a headache behind his eyes.  After a couple of minutes, he stopped and glanced up at Mike.  “Is this all true?”
“I hope not.  Listen, Riley, if you know where Vanessa Beaumont is, I need to know.”
Riley nodded.  “Let’s take a ride.”
* * * *
Vanessa walked from the barn, hauling a wheelbarrow of manure when the Sheriff’s Department squad car pulled up.  She smiled, set the barrow down, and stripped off her gloves.  A stranger climbed out and her smile faded.  Riley’s face was a mask of concern, and the added presence of the stranger suddenly brought butterflies to her stomach. 
She remained fixed in place, waiting for them to come to her.  “Riley, what’s wrong?” she asked, taking his hand. 
“Van, this is Mike Garwood, he’s a longtime friend of mine.  Mike, this is Vanessa Beaumont.  Van, Mike’s with the FBI.” 
Vanessa’s heart skipped a beat.  FBI? 
“He has information you need to know.  Leave that stuff.  Let’s go inside.” 
Riley wrapped an arm around her waist and guided her toward the house.  Since her legs suddenly felt like jello, she was thankful for his support.  Once inside she began to busy herself.  “Can I get you something to drink?”  Vanessa asked.
Mike took a seat at the table.  “No, thank you,” he replied.
Riley shook his head and held out his hand to her.  She took it and allowed him to guide her to the chair. 
“Ms. Beaumont—” Mike began.
“Call me Vanessa.”
“All right, Vanessa.  Riley called me last week and asked me to look into your situation.”
She nodded.  “I know.  He told me.” 
“Right.  Well, after looking into the activities of your ex-husband, the FBI has taken over this case.”
“Why?”
“We have reliable sources who tell us your ex-husband may be involved with drug runners and extortionists.  Do you know if he had any drug or alcohol problems?”
She nodded.
“Gambling issues?” 
She nodded again.
“Were they bad?” 
“Not at first.  After we married, he started going to these all-night poker games, then a few months later he began betting on horses at the track.  I knew he was in trouble when this man started leaving threatening messages on our answering machine.”  She shifted uncomfortably in the hard wooden chair while Mike scribble on a notepad. 
“Do you know who he owed money to?”
“No, but I never asked.” He gave her a quizzical look and she shrugged in response. “I didn’t want to be involved.”
Apparently satisfied with her answer he continued. “Have you heard from Mr. Bigby since you left his place?” 
Glancing between the two men, Vanessa thought about the caustic message Trevor left on her voice mail.  
Maybe there was more to the message than she realized and maybe she should have told Riley about it before now.  She nodded.
Riley’s eyes went wide.  “When?”
“The Monday after the accident.  I was checking my cell phone and there was a message from him.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Because I thought he was just being his nasty self and I didn’t want you to have to get involved.  I thought I could handle him when I returned to Pinewood.”
“Did you happen to save the message?”
She nodded and went to her purse to retrieve her phone.  Once she brought up the message, she handed the phone to Mike. 
Vanessa leaned against the counter in front of the sink, while Mike passed the phone to Riley.  He listened to the scathing message and his face grew red. 
Once he was finished, he pushed end and set the phone on the table. “Bastard.”
“Vanessa, was Trevor ever violent toward you?”
Riley’s eyes locked onto her she could see the pain in them before she could reply.  He knew her answer and it hurt him.  She swallowed hard and nodded.
Upon her affirmation, Riley closed his eyes and took a deep breath.  She knew her answer wasn’t easy for him to hear, but she wanted to be as honest as she could with Mike. 
Mike continued with the questions. “When was the last time?”
She took a deep breath to steady her nerves.  Talking about it wasn’t easy, especially since it embarrassed her to admit that she’d cowered to him.  “About a month before the divorce was finalized.  He showed up drunk at my apartment, demanding I give him my horse, Ransom.  When I refused, he…”  She paused.  A shiver raced through her.  The images of that night were still fresh in her mind, still woke her some nights from a sound sleep.
Mike urged her on.  “What did he do?” 
She hesitated and struggled to choke back the tears.  “He…he threw me into a wall.  He was screaming at me about how the money for Ransom would get him out of debt, and since I bailed on the marriage, I owed him.” 
She paused, pushing her hands to her eyes, willing away the sick feeling in her stomach.  
Riley’s face had turned red with rage, and he nearly growled as he spoke. “You told me he put you in the hospital before you filed for divorce.”
“He did,” she nearly whispered. 
“Why didn’t you tell me about the other incident?”
 The anger on his face had her scrambling for the right words.  The last thing she wanted was for him to be mad at her. “I…I…I don’t know.  I guess I was embarrassed that I’d let him hit me a second time.  I should have known better.”
Mike cleared his throat.  “What happened this last time?”
Knowing he’d want all the story, she continued. “When I told him he wasn’t getting Ransom he punched me, and before I knew what was happening, I was curled in a ball trying to protect myself from his kicks.  Thankfully, my landlord lived beneath my apartment and heard me scream.  He called the police.”
“But you never pressed charges.”
She shook her head.  “I couldn’t.  Trevor’s father is a powerful man.  It was easier to let it go.”  Furious at herself for crying, she quickly wiped away her tears and frowned.  “I still don’t understand what any of this has to do with why you’re here?”
Mike sighed and leaned back in his chair.  “It seems after your ex-husband reported you missing, he disappeared himself.  Two days later, the Pinewood Police Department, while conducting a missing person’s search for you, found instead the body of one Leo Dunbar, buried in a shallow grave on his property.  According to the medical examiner, he’d suffered a broken neck, possibly from a fall.”
Vanessa gasped and her hand covered her mouth.  “Leo’s dead?” 
“I’m afraid so.  I take it you knew Mr. Dunbar?”
Her shaky knees threatened to give out and she tried hard not to collapse into a puddle on the floor.  
“Yes, he was a good friend of my father and our stable manager.  I’ve known Leo since I was a little girl.”
“I’m sorry you had to hear about his death like this, but it’s important for us to get all the information we can.  Does your ex-husband own a gun?”
“Yes.”  She shifted against the counter and reached for a tissue.  “He bought a handgun, a .38, I think, right after we were married.  He said it was to protect his interests.”  She paused, glancing between Riley and Mike.  “Did Trevor kill Leo?”
“We’re not sure, but the ME did find a bruise on his face that would be consistent with an assault prior to his death.  We also found traces of blood on the barn floor directly below the hayloft.  It is possible Trevor pushed him over the loft railing to his death.”
She stood in silence for a moment, absorbing the information.  Her chest hurt to the point of not being able to breath.  “It’s my fault,” she whispered.  “He killed Leo because of me.” 
The room suddenly seemed smaller and continued to close in on her.  She needed air.  Pushing from the counter, she ran out the back door to the edge of the porch.  Her hands gripped the railing and she openly wept. 
A gentle hand slowly grasped her shoulder and she looked up to find Riley standing next to her.  Her body wracked with sobs, and she collapsed into his arms. 
For several minutes, Vanessa could do little more than let him hold her.  “Leo called me when he overheard Trevor talking about selling Ransom.”  
She cried into his chest.  “He helped me take Ransom away.  I told him Trevor would be furious when he found out, but Leo said he could handle Trevor and told me not to worry.  Oh God, it’s my fault.”
“It’s not your fault,” he murmured against her ear.  “Trevor’s a desperate man, baby.  If you’d have stayed, he might have killed you too.”
She didn’t reply, couldn’t.  All she could do was to weep against his shoulder for the loss of her friend. 
“Listen,” Mike began.  “I think we’re done here for now.  Generally, I would say you needed to let the authorities and your family know you’re all right, but under the circumstances, it might be best if you stay here and keep yourself hidden until we can find Trevor.”
She pulled away and glanced over Riley’s shoulder, her eyes blurry from crying.  “Then he is coming after me?”
Mike nodded.  “I think Mr. Dunbar’s murder was probably done in a fit of rage.  Now that Trevor’s on the run and a wanted man, he has nothing to lose by killing you.”
Fear skidded through her as she thought about her brothers, parents, and niece.  “What about my family?”
“I don’t think they’re in any danger.  If he’d wanted to kill them, he’s had plenty of time.  I think he’s after you because you’re the one who’s caused him problems.  Nobody knows you’re here, do they?”
She shook her head.  “Nobody but my friend Charlotte, but Trevor doesn’t even know she exists, and she’s promised not to say a word to anybody.” 
“Good.  Then my advice stands.  Stay with Riley and wait for us to catch Trevor.  We’ll let your family know you’re safe.  Remember, Vanessa.  No contact of any kind.”
She nodded.  “I understand.”
* * * *
It was almost lunchtime, and the stationhouse was deserted.  Bored, Courtney started cleaning.  Working her way around the room, she vacuumed, dusted, and washed the dishes in the sink.  Riley’s mug.  She went to his office to retrieve his coffee cup.  She sometimes wondered if he ever noticed how his cup was always clean and waiting for him when he came in to work or how she kept his office neat and tidy for him. 
She paused in the doorway and sighed.  
There were papers strewn across his desk, masking the oak top in a sea of white.  His trashcan overflowed with waded balls of paper.  Stacked atop each other against the wall they backed up through the mini basketball hoop mounted above it. 
Courtney started with the pile of papers on the corner of his desk and began sorting.  Halfway through the task she paused and studied the paper in her hand. 
“Hello, what’s this?”  Lowering into Riley’s chair she quickly scanned the information and her eyes widened.  Unlike the missing person’s report, which only listed the Pinewood PD’s number, this paper not only listed Trevor’s home address and phone number, but his cell phone number.  She scrambled for a pen and a piece of scrap paper and scribbled down all the information she could, then folded the paper and slipped it into her pocket.
“It looks like Courtney is cleaning again.”  Riley’s voice carried through the open door.  She scrambled for the trashcan and held it in her hands when Riley and his guest walked into the room.
“Hey, Court.  I see you’re straightening my office again.”
She smiled.  “I was bored, and you have to admit this place could use a good cleaning.”
He chuckled.  “Yeah, I’d drown under my own paperwork without you.”
She moved to the door, giving him a nervous laugh.  “Well, if you don’t mind, I’ll dump this trash and then I’m going to lunch.”
“That’s fine.  Thanks, Court.”  He waved.
She pulled on the door, leaving it open by the narrowest of inches and leaned against the wall, letting out a long breath.  Leaning her head to one side, she listened to the men talking. 
“Do you always leave your office door unlocked?”  Mike asked.
“Yeah.  Why?”  Riley replied. 
“You shouldn’t.  You have sensitive paperwork in here and you don’t want anybody walking in and rummaging through your desk.”
Riley’s chair squeaked and she pictured him leaning back to prop his feet on the edge of his desk.  “This isn’t the big city, Mike. Our biggest crime in the past couple of weeks was some stolen farming tools.”
“Still,” Mike argued, “You can never be too careful.  Trust me when I tell you, Ry, when you think you know people, they will go and do something completely unexpected.” 
Courtney’s gaze shifted to the front pocket of her jeans where she’d stuffed the crumpled paper.  Before Riley got any ideas to interrogate her, she’d better dump the trash and head out for lunch.  Besides, she had a phone call to make.
* * * *
Trevor rolled over and looked at the clock on the bedside table.  Nearly noon.  No wonder he was hungry.  Since the motel didn’t have room service, he would have to venture out to get a bite to eat. 
He’d been lucky to find a cheap motel, even luckier to find some suckers to hustle at pool. Their money paid for the room, and finally a decent bed for him to sleep in. Of course, lifting that drunken guy’s wallet at the bar didn’t hurt matters either.
He punched the button on the remote and the television flickered to life. After searching through the channel selection, he finally settled on the NASCAR pre-race show. At least it wasn’t horseracing. 
His phone beeped at him from the bedside table, and he reached over to pick it up, surprised when he saw the message. “When in the hell did this ring?” he asked out loud, flipping open the phone to check his messages. 
“Hello. I’m looking for Trevor Bigby. My name is Courtney Newberry. I’m calling from Jessup, Ohio and I have information pertaining to the missing person report you filed on your wife. I believe I know where she is.” 
Trevor gazed down at the phone and smiled. He could kiss this Courtney chick. With her number in his phone’s queue and his finger hovering over the send button, he contemplated his options. It might be best to work out what he was going to say to the girl, considering it was possible she’d have questions. 
He set the phone on the nightstand and skulked toward the shower, the scenario playing out in his head. He stripped down and stepped under the less than stellar spray of water. Nearly out of money and worried about being caught, he could use a place which would provide sufficient cover.
 Maybe when he called this Courtney chick back, he’d convince her to let him stay at her place. If Vanessa was truly in this Ohio town, then he could take his time and plan out how he was going to snatch her and the horse. Hopefully, with a plan in place, he wouldn’t have to ride his instincts and nobody else would die. 
He stepped from the shower and wrapped a towel around his waist, then padded back to the bed. Picking up the phone, he sat and scrolled through the incoming numbers list until he found hers. His finger hovered over the send button when a thought occurred to him. What were the odds that the police were monitoring his cell phone? Probably a better than good chance. He wrote her number on a piece of scrap paper. Just to be sure, he’d find a pay phone.
Chapter 15

Courtney sat in a booth at a diner on the outskirts of Jackson. She studied the front door, evaluating each person who came in. What was taking him so long? She wiped her sweaty palms on a napkin. Although the diner was far enough away from Jessup to give her some comfort, she still worried about being seen by people she knew.
Finally, a good-looking, yet slightly disheveled man with strawberry blond hair entered. His grim expression led her to believe he was the person she was waiting for. He looked around as though he was searching for someone. That’s him, she decided and rose from the booth to wave him over. 
“You Courtney?” He walked toward her. 
“Yeah, have a seat, I’ll buy you lunch, and we can discuss your wife.”  She motioned to the red vinyl seat across from her. “So, what took you so long to get here? I called you over two weeks ago.”
Trevor slid into the booth and picked up the menu. 
His brow wrinkled in disapproval. “If you must know, I had some business dealings to attend to. What’s it matter? From what you told me on the phone, it’s not like she’s going anywhere.”
A waitress with short hair and a whole lot of curves appeared next to the table. “What can I get for you?” 
Trevor smiled. “I’ll have the chicken-fried steak, mashed potatoes, corn and a biscuit. Oh, and a large glass of iced tea.”
She nodded and turned to Courtney. “I’d like a garden salad with light Italian dressing on the side and a glass of lemon water, please.”
The waitress nodded, scooped up the menus, and walked away. 
Courtney turned her attention back to Trevor. “I would think if you were worried enough about her to file a missing person’s report, you’d be a bit more anxious to get here.”
Trevor rested his elbows on the table and glared at her. “You’re awful nosy. Why did you call me instead of the Pinewood PD?”
Deciding it was probably best not to fight with him in a public place and draw unwanted attention, she leaned against the seat back and glanced down at her blood-red nails. “I have my reasons for not involving the police.”
The waitress returned with their drinks. Courtney watched Trevor pour, what she could only guess was a half a cup of sugar into his glass. 
“How do I know it’s even Vanessa you’ve found?” He stirred his drink. 
“She has long curly blonde hair? Goes by the name Vanessa Beaumont?” 
Trevor slowly set the spoon back on the table. The hurt look on his face not only made her curious but told her she’d been right about Vanessa running from her husband. Damn, she wished Riley had listened to her. Then she could have avoided getting Trevor involved. 
“Beaumont is her maiden name. Where did you see her?”
“Like I told you before, she had an accident and is staying out at the Sheriff’s house until her truck is repaired.”
The waitress returned a third time and set the plates of food in front of them. 
Trevor promptly ripped the biscuit in half and forked up a glob of potatoes. “So?” he replied, his mouth half-full of food. “Why call me? I’m sure you wouldn’t be doing this out of the goodness of your heart?”
“You’re right.” She smiled, lifting her glass for a drink. The man seriously lacked manners. Then again, if he rid her of Vanessa, what did she care? “I want her away from the Sheriff. I haven’t dedicated the last year of my life working toward marrying him to have a tart like her come in and ruin it for me.”
He arched a brow at her. “Tart, huh?” 
“Yes, tart. I hate to be the one to tell you this, but she’s sleeping with the Sheriff, and I want her gone. That’s why you’re here, to take her back to her own life so she’ll leave mine alone.”
He leaned back against the booth and stretched out his arms. “You’re sure she’s screwing the Sheriff?” His question was loud enough to make patrons around him glance in their direction. Courtney smiled politely at the other customers, waving their curious stares away with her hand. “I saw them with my own eyes,” she whispered, leaning over the table. 
“Well, sweetheart,” he replied leaning forward to catch a strand of her hair between his fingers. “Why don’t we go back to your place, and you can demonstrate for me exactly what you saw.”
She cringed. “You can use my place to crash, but I am not sleeping with you.”
He pulled away and shook his head. “Well, that’s a damn shame, honey, cause I’m betting you’d be a spitfire in bed.”
* * * *
Vanessa scanned her surroundings and glanced from the woods in the distance to the open space past the hill on her right. “So where are we going?” she asked, holding onto Ransom’s reins. Riley nodded, steering his palomino gelding near her. “Over the hill is a lake. I have a small boat and a little one-room cabin up there. I thought if Mac could take you on a picnic, then I could too.” 
She smiled, “First of all, my picnic with Mac was over a month ago, and second, you didn’t pack any food, only a blanket, and some drinks.”
The palomino sidled up against Ransom, their legs brushing. “The kind of picnic I’m planning doesn’t require food.” 
Her grin widened. “Oh, really? That sounds intriguing. So, tell me, how’s the terrain between here and there?”
“Smooth, why?”
“No gopher holes or dips?”
“No,” he replied slowly. “Why do you…”
She loosened Ransom’s reigns and with a click of the tongue and a kick of her heels, they sped off like a bullet. 
“Catch me if you can,” she called over her shoulder. Ransom ate up ground, opening the distance between them.
Riley laughed. “Come on, Dutch. We’ll never catch them, but let’s at least look like we tried.”
When they crossed over the top of the hill, Vanessa waited next to her horse while he took a long cool drink from the edge of the lake. “Slow poke, what kept you?” She grinned. 
He slipped from the saddle, letting the reigns drop to the ground. “That’s one fast horse you have there.” 
She stroked Ransom’s mane. “He loves to run, but he’s not all that good at it against other horses.”
“I find that hard to believe after what I saw.”
“Once they find Trevor, I’ll pull his racing record and let you take a look.” With reins draped over his neck, Ransom ambled off to graze. “He was an inconsistent runner. You know, win one race then come in dead last in the next. I think that may be part of the reason he ended up the way he did.” She walked to the small dock, sat down on the edge, stripped off her shoes, and dipped her feet into the water. 
Her sadness settled over him, and he gave her a moment with her thoughts before moving to join her. “Why do you get so sad when you talk about Ransom? You should be happy you were able to save him.”
“I am happy. Still, it hurts to know there are people like Martin Victory. He doesn’t care about his horses’ well-being, only how much money they can make from him. Plus, when I think back to how sick Ransom was, it makes me mourn for all the horses I can’t save.”
“You really don’t like horse racing, do you?” 
She shook her head. “No. You don’t know, Ry. It’s a cutthroat sport. It’s all about the money and when horses don’t win, they’re sold to slaughterhouses for meat. Horse meat is a delicacy in some countries.” 
She glanced back over her shoulder at Ransom. “I can’t even imagine my baby getting sold off like that. The idea sickens me.”
It hurt him to see her so sad. For a woman who’d apparently grown up with the world at her fingertips, she carried a lot of scars. He scooted closer to her, allowing her to lean back against his chest. “It can’t all be bad, there has to be some good things about it. 
“You’re right. It’s not all bad. The bigger farms treat their horses a lot better. Even my father, who refuses to have a loser in his stable, will make sure the horse is going to a good home and not to some two-bit dealer looking to make a quick profit.”
“So, the infamous Walter Beaumont does have a heart?”
She laughed. “It’s not an ethical issue. He doesn’t want or need any bad press from having one of his horse’s ending up a statistical casualty. It’s so easy to sell off the less desirable horses to unscrupulous dealers. They run the horses until they’re lame or winded and then sell them for dog food. Worse yet, they sometimes break down on the track and are euthanized. The last thing my father wants is to be connected to any of those type of people. It’s not that he has a heart. It comes back to his bottom line, what’s best for the farm.”
“Well, you have a good heart. That’s a wonderful trait.”
“Tell that to my father. He thinks I’m weak. He was furious when I spent my savings to buy Ransom. He said he couldn’t understand why I would want to waste my money on a horse who couldn’t earn his keep, and he thought he had taught me better.” 
Riley’s anger flared. What was it with the men in her life constantly doing her wrong? Couldn’t they see how special she was? “He actually told you that?”
She nodded. “Leo even tried to talk to him for me, to make him understand…” Her voice shook and her sentence trailed off. She shifted to one side and looked up at him. 
“I still can’t believe Leo’s dead. He was a good man, Ry. He didn’t deserve to die like that. If Trevor did kill him, I wonder how my dad feels. Leo was one of my father’s best stable hands and a good friend.”
She put a hand to his cheek. “I don’t want to talk about this anymore. Talking about home makes me sad. What I want to do right now is forget about home. You said something earlier about a picnic?”
Riley smiled. “I sure did.”
“Then let’s go.”
* * * *
Riley inched away from her, stood then helped her to her feet. Vanessa laced her fingers through his and began walking with him toward the cabin. Movement from the tree line caught her eye and she stopped short. She squinted at the image disappearing into the forest. Her heart beat loudly in her ears.
Riley’s hand came down on her shoulder and she jumped. 
“What’s wrong?” 
“I…um.” She glanced between him and the woods. “I thought I saw someone.”
He frowned. “Someone or something? Plenty of deer and wild animals roam around here.”
She shook her head. “It looked like a person.” Like Trevor!
Riley turned his attention to the woods. “I don’t see anything. Still, I’d rather be safe. Why don’t we head back to the house?”
Ten minutes later they walked through the back door to find Jesse preparing dinner. “Good, ‘bout time you come back. That cell phone of yours has been beeping like crazy for the last hour.”
“Mine or Vanessa’s?” Riley asked.
“Vanessa’s.” He motioned to the table in the hall where her phone sat. “Damn thing made a funny noise and has been beeping ever since.”
“If it’s beeping, then somebody left a message.”
She retrieved the phone and discovered a text message. She read the message, the one word sending chills up her spine. “Oh my God.”
Riley stepped forward. “What is it?”
“He text messaged me.”
“What’s it say?”
She lifted her gaze from the phone to him. “Charlotte?”
Her hands shook. She handed the phone to Riley and looked at the message. “I thought you said he didn’t know about Charlotte.” 
“I didn’t think he did. Oh God, what if he’s done something to her?” Vanessa grabbed the phone from him and began scrolling through her numbers. 
His hand came down over hers. “You can’t call her from your cell, Van, especially if something’s happened.”
She looked up at him, tears brimming. “Why?”
“Because you’re still missing, remember?”
“But I have to make sure she’s okay.”
“Then we do this. Use my phone to call and give them a fake name if anybody besides Charlotte answers.”
She nodded, picked up his cordless phone and dialed. Three, four, five rings and Charlotte’s answering machine picked up. For a second Vanessa contemplated leaving a message but decided against it. She hung up and redialed the number again getting the same result.
“She’s not answering. I have a bad feeling about this,” she said, looking up at Riley.
He glanced at the back door then turned toward the staircase.
Vanessa raced to follow. “What are you doing?”
Taking the steps two at a time, he rushed up to his room. “I want you to stay here with Jesse.”
“Why? What are you going to do?”
Riley pulled his service revolver from the desk, removed the safety lock, and loaded it. He strapped on the holster and sheathed his gun. “I’m going back to the woods.”
Her heart raced and she grabbed his hand when he walked by her. “Riley, no. Trevor’s trying to mess with me. I’m sure what I saw in the woods was nothing more than deer like you said.”
He leaned over and kissed her softly. “If you truly believe that you wouldn’t be trying to stop me. If he has found you, then the quicker we catch him the better.”
“Okay, but why do you have to go alone?”
“I want to be the one to catch the bastard. There are a few things I want to do to him that aren’t quite legal.” He shook free of her grip and hurried down the steps. 
“Riley, please be sensible about this. Remember he’s armed too.”
“Good, then it’s a fair fight,” he replied.
By the time they made it back to the kitchen, she was in a full-fledged panic. She looked up at him and wiped the tears from her eyes. “I’m begging you, please don’t go alone. You could be in danger.” 
With one hand on the back door, he stopped, then turned back and pulled her into a hug. “This is my job, honey, and I’ll be damned if I’m going to stand by and let that son-of-a-bitch harass you. Now stay here with Jesse, so I don’t have to worry.” Before she could protest further, he walked out the back door to the barn. 
She stood on the porch and watched him ride Dutch through the pasture before disappearing over the ridge. What about your safety?
* * * *
Riley neared the cabin and slowed the gelding. He scanned the tree line for any signs of life. Riding into the woods on Dutch probably wouldn’t be the best idea. He’d be an easy target on horseback. Hell, if he were being honest, he was an easy target right now.  He dismounted, left the horse grazing by the cabin, and made his way toward the woods. If it had been Trevor watching them, then he was going to be ready. 
He unsheathed his revolver, stepped into the woods, and began surveying the underbrush. What he found had his pulse increasing. Fresh limbs of small saplings and brush were bent and broken, lying on the ground. With two hands on his gun, Riley followed the trail, weaving his way deeper into the underbrush. 
He looked from one direction to the other, all the while his heart pounded in his ears. It wasn’t so much fear plaguing him, but a preparation for a battle. The moment sparked memories of his time back in Cincinnati, when chasing down suspects nearly became a daily occurrence.
A twig snapped. Raising his gun to eye level, Riley spun toward the sound only to find three deer staring at him from several feet away. 
He sighed and lowered his weapon. Unsure if he was disappointed or relieved to see the animals, he turned back and continued his journey. 
The far end of the woods came into view, followed by the access road leading to the upper cattle pasture. He stepped out of the woods and knelt next to the dirt road to observe the tire tracks. They looked fresh. A vehicle had been on this road within the last 24 hours. 
Riley picked up a handful of dirt and let it sift through his fingers. He stared down the road. Had Vanessa been right about being watched, or was it all simply a series of coincidences? 
Obviously, there wasn’t anyone still here. It was time for him to head back to the house and regroup.
He made his way back through the woods, paying close attention to his surroundings. No matter what had or hadn’t taken place here, there still was the issue of Trevor’s message. Maybe Vanessa was right, and he was simply trying to screw with her head, but if she was wrong and he had found her… 
Riley took a deep breath, gathered up his horses’ reigns and mounted the gelding. One thing for sure, he’d been derelict in bringing her out here in the open for his own pleasure.  From now on he needed to be more vigilant.
Chapter 16

“So, what did you have to do to get the day off?” Vanessa asked, climbing into the passenger seat of Mac’s Explorer. She glanced back at the house and waved to Jesse standing on the back porch drinking his cup of coffee.
Mac chuckled. “First, I had to switch days with Andrews, so I have to work tomorrow. Then I promised Riley I’d work overtime Wednesday and Thursday.”
The ignition turned over, Mac put the Explorer in gear, and they started down the drive with an empty horse trailer in tow.
“This fair security stuff is a big deal, huh?”
He looked both ways before pulling out onto the road. “Yep. You can’t imagine what people will try to get away with if they think they can.”
Vanessa laughed. “I don’t even want to know.”
 He smiled. “No, you probably don’t. Let’s say that working overtime is a necessary evil, when it comes to this week.”
“I bet Riley will be happy when this week is behind him.” Vanessa would certainly be happy to have it over. She’d grown accustomed to falling asleep with his arms wrapped around her and the past two nights had been a little lonely without him.
“Yeah, we go through this every year. He’s all pissy the week before the fair, miserable the week of, then it’s over and things go back to normal. Speaking of normal, I bet you’re happy to finally have your truck back,” he said. 
Vanessa smirked. “I still can’t believe it took them six weeks to repair all the damage. I mean, it wasn’t like I’d wrapped the damn thing around a telephone pole and turned it into a pretzel.” 
“Well, the good thing is it’s finally fixed, and you have it back.”
She shook her head. 
“For all the good it does me. You’d think they would have found Trevor by now.” Vanessa leaned against the headrest. She wasn’t feeling well and was having second thoughts about skipping breakfast. 
“Riley told me about what happened on your picnic last week and the nasty message Trevor left.” 
She nodded. “I would have sworn somebody was watching us, but all Riley found were deer. I don’t know, maybe I am being paranoid. I mean it’s been so easy for me to get comfortable here, I think I forgot what my reasons were for running.”
“Getting caught up in your surroundings can be dangerous, Van. It can cause you to lose perspective.”
Now there was some advice she could have used the first week she was here. “I’m aware of that, Mac, but it may already be too late.”
He made a left and glanced at her. “You’re in love with Riley, aren’t you?”
“I don’t know...I think I am.” She sighed. “With the FBI out looking for Trevor, it’s been easy for me to pretend my life is here. But what do I do when he’s found and it’s time for me to go back?”
“I guess the question you have to ask yourself is, do you have to go back? I mean, if you’re so happy here, why would you want to?”
He pulled off the side road and parked in front of the auction house. They climbed from the cab of the truck and headed to the entrance. The sick feeling that kept her from eating breakfast was slowly growing worse with the heat of the day. When Mac went inside to register, she sat on a bench under a shade tree to rest and contemplate what might be wrong with her. Could it be food poisoning or some sort of weird summer flu?
“Van, are you all right?” Mac stopped in front of her. 
“I’m not sure. I’m not feeling well.”
“You’re real pale. Maybe we should go home.”
She shook her head. “No, I’ll be fine. We can’t disappoint Hannah. She has worked hard for this. Let’s go see what they’ve got.”
They walked around the grounds, with Vanessa eventually deciding on three possible mounts. 
After speaking to the owner of the first horse, Vanessa asked him to put the gray gelding through its paces. The horse walked, trotted, and cantered around the exercise area, then she ran an expert hand along its withers and down all four legs, ending with a thorough inspection of each hoof. 
“From what I can tell, this horse is in good physical health. I am concerned about his age, though. He’s twelve and that could end up being a problem in a couple of years. Let’s go look at the others.” 
“You’re in charge. I’m only along to pay for whatever you choose.” Mac smiled and followed Vanessa to the next horse. She put the second one through the same paces but rejected the three-year-old when he nipped at his owner.
By the time she’d inspected the third horse, Vanessa was struggling to stay in control of the sickness creeping over her. She bent down to check the leg of the chestnut mare and her vision blurred. Dropping the mare’s hoof, she lost her balance and stumbled into the horse. “Vanessa?” Mac grabbed her by the shoulders, and she nearly collapsed into his arms. “I’m okay, but I do think I need to get out of the heat and maybe get some water.” 
“I think I should take you home,” he argued, easing her onto a nearby bench. 
“No, Mac, this is the horse you want. She’s only seven years old, has a good disposition and is sound. She’s perfect for Hannah. We’ll go inside and wait for the auction to begin.”
He started to protest, but she held up a hand to stop him. “I promise I’ll behave and rest, but you have to promise me you won’t tell Riley.”
Mac wrinkled his brow. “He’s not going to be mad if you’re sick.”
She shook her head. “I’m not worried about him being mad. I don’t need him hovering over me like some nursemaid. He has enough problems this week without worrying about me.” 
Mac frowned. “Well, I don’t agree, but if you promise to stay put until we’re ready to leave, I won’t say anything.”
“Deal.”
Hours later, they pulled down the drive to Riley’s farmhouse and stopped outside the barn. Jesse and Riley met them. “Well?”
Vanessa smiled. “We bought her a seven-year-old, chestnut mare. Her owner says her sire was a quarter horse. She has a great disposition.”
Jesse was already unhooking the trailer’s gate. “Looks like a little beauty,” he said, backing the mare out of the trailer. 
“Well, isn’t she pretty?” Riley took the reins from Jesse and led the horse to the empty stall. “What’s her name, Van?” 
“Skye.” She followed Riley into the barn in time to see Ransom stick his head over the stall door and whinny. She smiled at his greeting. “Hey, boy, did you miss me?” 
Once they were sure the mare was comfortable, the four of them went inside for dinner. “Jesse made pork chops,” Riley said, sitting down at the table. 
Vanessa stared down at the plate of food and a wave of nausea wash over her. The different smells mixed and drifted up to her nose. There was no doubt about it. She was going to be sick. “Excuse me,” she murmured and pushed away from the table. Racing for the upstairs bathroom, she took the steps two at a time. 
* * * *
Riley looked at the empty chair Vanessa vacated, then turned his attention to Mac. “What’s wrong with her?”
“I promised I wouldn’t say anything, but she has me worried, Ry. 
She’s been feeling ill all day and she nearly passed out on me at the auction house today.”
He glanced at the doorway leading to the stairs. Too much time had passed for her to still be suffering the effects of her concussion, so what was wrong now? Riley threw his napkin on the table, stood, and headed for the bathroom. He found Vanessa on her knees, in front of the toilet, her face white, her skin clammy. “Van, you okay?” Slipping in behind her, he gathered her hair and held it up. 
She started to answer, but instead vomited again. With his free hand, Riley rubbed her back until she had nothing left but dry heaves. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what’s wrong with me.” She flushed and moved to the sink. 
He held her around her waist, keeping her steady. “Maybe you ate something bad?” 
She shook her head, then rinsed with mouthwash, and spit. “I don’t know. But I really don’t feel well.”
“Come on, baby, you’re going to bed.” He guided her out of the bathroom and down the hallway to his bedroom. Tucking her under the sheets, he kissed her forehead. “I’ll be right back.”
Ten minutes later, he returned carrying a small tray with a glass of warm Sprite, tissues, a thermometer, and a small bowl with a washcloth. He dipped the washcloth into the bowl, wrung it out, and placed it on her forehead. 
“I’m a big girl, Ry. I can nurse myself.”
“I know you can, but I want to.” For a moment, the thought occurred to him that maybe she was pregnant. But from the little he knew about pregnancy, women had morning sickness and she’d been sick all day. He dismissed the thought and quickly settled on the idea of food poisoning. If she wasn’t better in a day or so, he’d take her to see Doc Sorenson.
She reached for his hand. “Don’t worry. I’m sure it’s nothing serious. You’re right. It was probably some bad food or something like that. Please go on back down and finish your dinner, I’ll be fine.”
“I can always throw my plate in the microwave, honey.”
“Please, Ry, go eat.”
Against his better judgment, he stood to leave. “I’ll be back in a little while to check on you.”
Her lips tipped up into a small smile. “I’ll be here.” 
* * * *
Courtney stared at Trevor sitting on her couch, eating a slice of pizza, and watching television. The frustration she’d experienced over the last week was starting to boil over. He’d been here well over a week and hadn’t made any effort to go after Vanessa.
She took a deep breath and held the beer over his shoulder, dangling it in his face. 
“Thanks, doll.” He snatched the bottle from her and set it on the table. 
Pursing her lips, she walked around the couch and sat across from him. “Listen, Trevor. I was wondering if we could talk about Vanessa.”
He pulled another bite off the slice and glanced at her. “Yeah, what about her?”
“Well, I was wondering when you were going to take her away? I mean, you’ve been here for a week now and not that I mind having the company, but you told me you would take care of her.”
Trevor set the remaining piece of pizza back in the box and motioned for her to join him on the couch. She moved and sat down next to him, keeping a little distance between them. “Vanessa isn’t going to leave with me because I want her to.” He twined a piece of her hair around his finger. “I know you’re in love with this Sheriff of yours, but this needs to be planned out. She has my horse and getting her and the horse out of this town without anybody else being involved isn’t going to be easy.”
“So, what’s your plan?”
Trevor let go of her hair and shifted, picking up his beer and taking a drink before he spoke again. “I’ve been driving by there, staking out the place and the surrounding area. Once I get their routines down, I’ll make my move.”
“I guess I need to be patient then?” Courtney asked. 
He smiled. “Exactly. Once your precious Sheriff has left for work and I know she’s alone, I’ll show up and take her and the horse away. Problem solved.”
Courtney cocked her head and folded her legs beneath her. “But you said she isn’t going to go willingly. How will you be able to convince her?”
“I have my ways. I can be very convincing when I need to be.” He leaned over and brushed a kiss along her neck, below her ear. Courtney shivered at his touch and pushed him away. She wasn’t going to get mixed up with Trevor like that. What he had in good looks was lost in his actions. The man had the manners of a goat and cussed like a trucker. She thought about Riley and the way he carried himself. Always putting the needs of others ahead of his own. “I told you, Trevor, I’m not going to sleep with you. I love Riley.”
* * * *
Vanessa hadn’t intended to stay in bed for two days, but every time she tried to get up, exhaustion took hold and wouldn’t let go. 
She knew Riley’s concern was mounting, still when he’d pushed the idea of taking her to see Doc Sorenson, she refused. 
On the third day, still feeling weak, she struggled to get out of bed, determined to feel better. She managed to keep down some dry toast and Sprite and by lunchtime was beginning to develop an appetite. 
She was sitting at the table eating a bowl of chicken noodle soup when Riley walked through the back door. 
“What are you doing home? I thought you had to work today?”
“I came by to check on you.” He dropped his hat on the counter. “You’re eating. Does that mean you’re feeling better?” 
She nodded. “A little. I still feel really tired and a little weak, but better than the last few days.”
“Well, don’t get any ideas about doing anything strenuous. I let Ransom out into the paddock before I left this morning. He has plenty of food and water and Jesse will clean out his stall. You stay in the house and rest until we’re sure you’re over this.”
“Yes, dear.” Vanessa rolled her eyes. She knew his pushy attitude stemmed from his concern for her, still she couldn’t help feeling a bit irritated. 
He frowned and crouched down next to her. “I’m serious, Van. You have no idea how worried I’ve been about you. If I had my way, you would have seen the doctor days ago.”
Feeling a little guilty for being so snippy, she brushed a hand along his cheek. “I’m sorry. I know you’ve been worried, but I wish you wouldn’t. Whatever it is will pass and I’ll be fine.”
He paused for a moment. “Van, you don't think that...” His sentence trailed off and he shook his head, apparently dismissing the thought. 
“What?” she asked.
“Nothing. I don't know what I was thinking.”
Silence fell between them before she spoke. “Since you're here, why don’t you let me fix you something to eat before you head back to work?”
He leaned over and dropped a light kiss on her cheek. “You stay put. I'll make my own lunch. This way I can make sure you go up to bed before I head back to work.”
Vanessa tensed. Her irritation returned. Even if she was sick, she’d be damned if he was going to treat her like an invalid. 
“I don’t need a keeper, Riley. I’m perfectly capable of taking care of myself.” 
He slipped in the seat across from her and frowned. “That may be, but for however long you’re staying with me, I’m going to take care of you, so you can either deal with it or leave.”
No way was she going to take that from him. 
“Convenient for you to say, since you and your FBI buddy told me I shouldn’t leave,” she snapped back. “If I had my way, I would have been gone weeks ago.” 
He shoved his plate into the middle of the table. “You want to leave?” he grumbled. “Go ahead.” He stood and snatched his hat off the counter. “It’s your life, Vanessa. You want to take on your murdering ex-husband alone, go ahead. I won’t stop you. Forget there are people here who care about you. You go right ahead and do whatever you want. I’m going back to work.”
The door slammed shut, her body jerking at the explosive sound, then she broke into tears. 
* * * *
Riley returned home from work that evening with a heavy heart. Since Trevor’s cryptic text message to Vanessa about Charlotte, Riley had sent out inquiries on the girl while Vanessa made daily, almost hourly calls to her friend, only to get the answering machine. 
Today, a phone call resulted in the report he’d hoped against. He still felt bad about their fight at lunch, and now he’d have to tell Vanessa her friend had been murdered, probably at the hands of Trevor. Riley walked in the house and found Jesse sitting at the table drinking a cup of coffee and reading the paper. He glanced up from behind the newsprint then continued reading. “Evening.”
“Evening. Have you seen Vanessa?”
Jesse set the paper on the table and looked up at him. “Yep, and you ain’t gonna be happy.”
Riley froze. His first thought was she’d done exactly what he’d suggested and packed up and left. “Why? Where is she?”
Jesse shook his head. “I tried to stop her. Told her she was still too damn weak to be going out on a ride, especially alone, but she’s stubborn like you and wouldn’t listen to reason.” 
Panic struck like a bolt of lightning. An image of her lying unconscious and injured flashed before his eyes. 
“She took Ransom for a ride?” He was already heading for the back door. “Which direction did she go?”
“She rode in the direction of the lake up over the back pasture.” 
Uttering curses under his breath, he raced to the barn. What was she thinking? He saddled Valentine, stopping long enough to grab a lead rope. If she wouldn’t come back willingly then he’d bring her home by force. 
“Hah.” Riley urged the big, bay mare on. She raced across the back pasture, her hooves thundering against the ground. The anger he’d felt earlier returned and right at the moment, he wasn’t sure if he wanted to gather her in his arms and make love to her or turn her over his knee for the spanking she deserved. 
They came up over the ridge to the lake and he spotted Vanessa sitting on the dock, her feet dangling in the water. Despite being relieved to see her unharmed, she still looked ill and his fury at her for pulling such a stupid stunt overrode his common sense. 
He dismounted and stalked toward her. She started to stand, but before she was completely on her feet, Riley yanked her up against him. “You really have no brains at all, do you?” he growled. 
“Nice to see you too,” She pushed away from him with some force. 
He stepped back and ran a hand through is hair while he worked to calm his rattled nerves. “Damn it, Vanessa. I thought I made it clear at lunch you needed to rest.”
She slid her shoes back on her feet then stalked past him. “You also made it clear you didn’t give a damn what I did. You told me if I wanted to leave, I could pack up and go. So why are you so concerned about me taking a ride by myself?” 
Taking up Ransom’s reigns, she mounted the stallion then turned to look at Riley. 
“I came out here to think, to decide if I should leave and get out of your hair. 
You’ve just made the decision for me. I don’t care if they haven’t found Trevor. I’ll be gone by the time you get home from work tomorrow.” 
Chapter 17
By the time Riley made it to the barn to put Valentine away, Vanessa was already in the house.
“What the hell did you say to her?” Jesse scolded, before Riley could make it through the back door. 
“Why?”
“She came through here all in tears. Didn’t want to talk. Just shook her head at me when I asked what was wrong.”
“Did she go upstairs?”
“Why, you wanna make her cry again?”
Riley frowned. “I’m going to talk to her. I feel like a real jackass.”
“I’m guessing by her tears you were a real jackass.” 
Riley started to pass by only to have Jesse grab his arm. He looked back and came eye to eye with the elderly man. 
“It’s been a long time since I’ve given you any advice, but I’ve been watching you over the last few weeks and I think you need some.”
Riley refrained from rolling his eyes and Jesse let go of his arm, motioning for him to sit. “I’ve known you since before you were born, and I’ve seen you and your family go through a lot over the years.” He settled back into his seat with a groan. “I’m gonna tell you this only once, so listen and listen good. I think it’s about time you made a family for yourself and stop trying to be a loner.” 
When Riley started to speak, he held up a hand. “I’m not done, so keep your mouth shut and listen, damn it! Now that pretty lady up there is about the best damn thing that’s ever happened to you. She loves you. Why, I don’t know, but she does, and if you let her leave, then you’re a bigger jackass than even I pegged you for.” 
“You’re right,” Riley said, slapping his hands on the table to stand. “You’re absolutely right.” Before Jesse could say anymore, Riley rushed past him and up the stairs. 
To his disappointment, he found his bedroom empty. He walked across the hallway to the guest room, started to knock, but before his knuckles contacted the wood, her sobs reached his ears.
His shoulders dropped and he sighed. Now he did feel like a heel. He lifted his hand and knocked lightly. “Vanessa?”
“Go away.”
He’d expected that response, but no way was he going to make this easy on her. “Vanessa, please. I need to talk to you.”
“I said go away. There’s nothing for us to talk about.”
Ignoring her order, he opened the door. “Van?”
She looked up from where she sat, defiance written across her face. “I didn’t say you could come in.”
He shrugged and smiled guiltily. “I know, but I wanted to say I’m sorry, and I didn’t want to do it through the door.”
Tears streamed down her cheeks and the hurt in her eyes was clear. “Good for you, so you’re sorry. I suppose you want me to accept your apology, so you can feel better. Well, it’s not that simple.”
“You think this is simple?” He replied as he took a tentative step into the room. “It’s not, honey. It used to be simple. Then you came and turned my world upside down.”
“Well, I’m sorry I’ve been such a pain. Tomorrow, I’ll be gone, and you can go back to living your simple life.”
The thought of her not being a part of his life made his heart ache and he forced himself to breathe. “You know, ever since you arrived, my head’s been going in a million directions and each one of them is different than what my heart is telling me.” He took another step into the room and sat down on the edge of the bed. “I don’t want you to go. I want you to stay right here, at least until Trevor’s found. If you left now and something happened to you, I don’t think I could handle it.”
She looked up at him, started to speak, then broke into tears again. 
“Come on, honey, you’re making me feel like a real heel.” He moved to her, gathering her in his arms. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean all those horrible things I said earlier. I was worried, that’s all. You’ve been so sick, Trevor’s still on the loose, and this afternoon I finally heard about your friend Charlotte. 
Coming home to find you’ve taken off on a ride by yourself, I panicked. It’s not a feeling I like having and I tend to not be very nice when I get that way.” He tipped her chin with his finger, forcing her face up so she had to look at him. “All I could think about was something bad happening to you and how I couldn’t get there fast enough to protect you. I went through that once before, and I can’t bear the thought of losing you, too.”
She sniffled and for several seconds remained silent. “Okay, I forgive you. Now you said something about Charlotte?”
He pulled her back to him, gave her a gentle kiss, then brushed a tear from her cheek with his thumb. “I’m sorry, sweetie, but she’s dead. Murdered.”
Grief streaked across her face and a loud sob rushed from her lips. “Trevor?” she gasped, before she collapsed against his shoulder and cried.
Riley held her, wishing more than anything he could have given her better news. It was hard enough watching her suffer with her guilt over Leo’s murder. This one would probably be much worse. “We think so, honey. I spoke to Mike this morning and he’s put the Bedford police in contact with Pinewood PD. If Trevor is the killer, they’ll find out. I’m so sorry.”
She cried against him, her gut-wrenching sobs slowly subsiding with time. Eventually, she pulled away and wiped her eyes. “I should have let Trevor have Ransom. People are dying because of me.”
He gathered her hands in his. “People are dying because of Trevor, not you. This is not your fault.”
* * * *
Vanessa started to speak when the honking of a car horn interrupted her words.
Riley jumped from the bed and crossed to the window. “Damn, I forgot.”
“What?” 
“That Allison was coming.”
Vanessa’s spine straightened and she stared at him. She couldn’t have possibly heard him correctly. “Your ex-fiancée?” 
“Yes. She visits every year on her way to a convention in Columbus for her work. With everything that’s happened over the last few weeks, it completely slipped my mind. This is the last thing we need right now.” He bolted from the window, raced out the door and down the stairs, shaking his head and muttering under his breath along the way.
Vanessa started to follow, then realizing she must look like a mess, instead stopped at the bathroom. She splashed cool water over her face and stared at her reflection in the mirror, all the while her nerves continued to dance. Puffy, bloodshot eyes stared back at her. 
Damn! 
She didn’t want to look a mess when she met the infamous Allison.  Maybe a little makeup would help. After quickly leveling out her blotchy skin and dolling up her eyes, she took a deep breath and went downstairs. 
Finding the kitchen empty, she moved on to the back door, but paused just inside the screen. The woman stood at the bottom of the porch steps. Her long blonde hair pulled into a ponytail, swung high on her head. 
Despite the setting sun, she sported a pair of sunglasses, and her bright red lipstick matched the crimson heels she wore. Her entire persona screamed sophistication and elegance. The blonde smiled when she saw Riley. “Hey, you.”
“Back ‘atcha,” Riley replied. 
She scanned him from head to toe. “You’re looking good, Ry.”
“Yeah, you too.” He took her hand in his. “I don’t see a ring, though. I take it your good news wasn’t that you were settling down?”
Her gaze fell away. “No.”
“Still haven’t found Mr. Right yet, huh?”
“Oh, I found him, but I was too stupid to hold onto him.”
Vanessa’s skin prickled with awareness. This woman’s visit wasn’t some social call. She wanted something, or more accurately, someone. Feeling territorial, she opened the door and stepped out onto the porch. “Riley, you want to introduce me to your friend?”
Allison looked up and removed her sunglasses. She met Vanessa’s stare and her gaze turned dark. “Yes, Riley, please introduce us.”
He glanced over his shoulder, let go of Allison’s hand and reached for Vanessa. “Vanessa, I’d like you to meet Allison McKinley. Allison, this is Vanessa Beaumont.”
“Nice to meet you,” Vanessa said. 
“And you,” Allison replied.
Riley slipped an arm around Vanessa. “Um…Why don’t we head back inside and get something to drink?”
“That sound’s great. It was a long drive and I’m a bit parched,” Allison said.
Once they were all inside, Vanessa moved to the cabinet and removed three glasses, filled them with ice and poured out some fresh lemonade. 
Riley took a long drink, then pushed his glass aside. “It’s awful late for you to be getting here.”
Allison shifted in her seat. “I know, but with the convention starting on Sunday, if I’d waited until morning to leave, I wouldn’t have had much of a chance to see you.”
“Well, at least we have tonight,” Riley replied. “I’ll get your bags and take them to the guest room.”
“Oh, it’s not occupied?” Allison glanced at Vanessa. “I mean if it is, I could sleep on the couch.”
Riley shook his head. “Nonsense. There’s no need for you to sleep on the couch.” 
Vanessa pushed away from the table. “I’ll go put some fresh sheets on the bed.”
Before either could reply, she hurried out of the kitchen and up the stairs. She quickly moved the rest of her things into Riley’s room, then retrieved a clean set of sheets from the closet and made the bed. Having Riley’s ex there was more than a bit disconcerting, but at least she would be the one sleeping in his bed tonight.
By the time she’d returned to the kitchen, Jesse had joined Riley and Allison at the table and was sipping on a cup of coffee. He smiled at Vanessa when she entered. “There’s my girl. How you feeling, darlin’?”
She patted Jesse on the shoulder “Not too bad right now.”
“Have you been sick?” Allison asked.
Vanessa nodded. “Food poisoning, we think.” 
“That stinks. I had a bout with some bad Chinese food a couple of years ago. To this day I still can’t eat it.”
“Speaking of which.” Riley stood up and slipped an arm around Vanessa. “I know you’re still not one hundred percent, so why don’t you turn in and get some rest?”
The last thing she wanted was to leave him alone with Allison, but he was right. Her body ached, and it was everything she could do not to curl up on the couch and go to sleep. “That’s probably a good idea. Do you want help getting Allison settled in?”
He shook his head. “No, I can manage.”
She eyed Allison, trying hard to keep her expression cordial. This wasn’t her house, and she had no claim to Riley.
 The fact was, she shouldn’t be thinking about staying anyway. She still had a life outside of Jessup. Putting roots down here would only get in the way. Still, thoughts of home didn’t ease the ache in her heart. 
All she had ever wanted was somebody to love and to be loved by. Riley could easily be that someone. 
Her emotions dueled inside her head when she gave Riley a gentle kiss, then turned to Allison. “Good night.”
Allison nodded. “Good night. Hope you feel better.” 
* * * *
“I’ll be right back, Ali.” With a hand on Vanessa’s back, Riley followed her through the house and up the steps. When they reached his room, he tugged on her arm, stopping her forward motion. 
She looked up at him, wariness registering in her eyes. 
“Are you okay with this?” 
The crease in her forehead smoothed over. “Of course, I am,” she replied. “I mean, it’s not like I have any say, anyway. This is your house, Riley. You can have whomever you want spending the night.” She tugged her arm free from his grip and walked to the other side of the room. 
He wasn’t buying her cool attitude. “Van, I don’t want to do anything that’s going to make you uncomfortable.”
Without looking back at him, she began changing out of her clothes. “I’m fine, Ry. You don’t owe me any explanations.”
“You’re sure?”
She turned to face him with what he knew was a forced smile. “Yes. Now go tend to your guest.”
For a moment, he toyed with the idea of leaving her alone. It was obvious that having Allison here bothered Vanessa, but if she wasn’t going to be honest with herself, how could he possibly get her to be honest with him? “I won’t be long.”
“Take your time.” She called as he walked back down the hall.
He returned to the kitchen to find Jesse gone and Allison standing at the sink, looking out the window. “I forgot how peaceful it can be here.”
“You used to complain how the silence was annoying.”
She looked over her shoulder at him, her cheeks carrying a faint blush. “I was hoping you wouldn’t remember that.”
He crossed to the table and picked up his glass. “I remember a lot of things. Why don’t we go into the living room where it’s more comfortable and you can tell me what you’ve been up to?”
Riley waited for her to sit. When she chose a place on the sofa, he sat in the chair flanking it. 
“I see you still haven’t changed anything,” she said. Her eyes scanned the room while she spoke. 
He took a long drink of his lemonade then set the glass on the coffee table. “Why change what works?”
She snorted at his words. “I suppose. Of course, you always were the sentimental type.”
“I believe in preserving my heritage, Ali. This is my family’s home, and I never want to forget the people I love.” His words sounded bitter even to his ears, but damn if he was going to let her come in here and trash the things most dear to him. For the life of him, he couldn’t figure out why he was so angry with her. Hadn’t he been looking forward to her visit? So, why now did he suddenly have the urge to send her packing?
Her eyes narrowed. “You mean, unlike me, who could callously walk away from the past?”
He let out a sigh. “I didn’t mean for it to sound like that.”
She shook her head. “No, but you meant the words. You’re right, Ry. I walked away and you may think didn’t look back, but that’s not how it was.”
“Oh really? Then, what was it?”
She scooted closer to the edge, leaned forward, and took his hand between her palms. The feel of her skin against his sent chills up his arm. Her touch was still soft like butter, and she smelled of roses. 
“I thought we’d been over this already. I’m sorry for making you choose. I was wrong and I’ve been paying for that mistake ever since.”
Realizing he felt too comfortable with her touch, he snatched his hand away. “Weren’t you the one who said a couple of years ago you had no regrets?”
She nodded. “Yes, and you have every right to be angry with me, but I want you to know, I was wrong. I’ve changed. I’ve done a lot of growing up over the past few years, and I’ve been thinking about you a lot more recently.”
“Obviously not enough for you to pick up a phone and call me or drive up here to see me. You’ve had almost five years to make things right, so why now?”
“Actually,” she slid off the sofa onto her knees and placed a hand on his thigh. “I was hoping you might find it in your heart to give me a second chance.”
Riley arched a brow. “Oh, you were? And why would I do that?”
“Because I still love you and I’m ready to try and make a go of our relationship.”
He shook his head, trying desperately to clear the confusion from his brain. Why now, when he’d finally found someone else, would she walk back into his life asking for a second chance? “You’re telling me you’re finally willing to move from your condo in Cincinnati to live here on this ‘God awful’ farm?” he air quoted the words with his fingers. 
She nodded slowly. “I’m taking a transfer to the bank’s headquarters in Columbus. I could live here and drive in to work every day.”
He studied her features while he considered her words. After nearly five years, she kept her luscious full lips painted a cherry red, a sexy color which used to drive him insane. 
Mascara rich lashes helped to accentuate the dark green in her eyes. There was a time when he could get lost in her eyes, immersed in the opulent jewels staring up at him, but not now. 
All he saw when he looked at her was the woman who’d broken his heart. How could she possibly expect him to believe her when she said she wanted another chance? 
“That’s an hour’s drive, each way. You’re telling me that you’d be willing to do that?”
“If it meant having your love back, I would.”
Her lack of concern for Vanessa bothered him. “In case you’ve forgotten, Vanessa is sleeping in my bed upstairs.”
She sighed and moved away, resuming her place on the couch. “I’m not stupid, Ry. I realize you have needs and I couldn’t possibly expect you to stay celibate until I decided what I wanted.” 
“Vanessa is important to me, Ali. You can’t reappear and pick up as if the last four and a half years never happened.”
“I’m not, but let’s be honest here. I know you’re not married because she’s not wearing a ring. You didn’t introduce her as your girlfriend, so how important is she?” 
He opened his mouth, then promptly closed it again. How could he argue his case when he wasn’t sure himself what he wanted? Vanessa was important to him. That fact he wouldn’t deny, but how important, and in what way? Did he love her? He had a history with Allison, albeit a rocky past, but a past all the same. Wouldn’t it be easier to pick up from where they’d left off? After all, Vanessa would be leaving before long, and he’d be alone again. Maybe giving Allison another chance wasn’t such a bad idea.
He pushed off the chair. “I need to think about this, Ali. You can’t just waltz back into my life, drop this bomb in my lap, and expect an answer right away.”
“Of course. Take all the time you need.”
He nodded. “You know where the guest room is. I need to check on the horses before I turn in. I’ll see you in the morning.”
Before she could reply, he turned and walked away. With all the chaos now going on inside his brain, he wasn’t kidding when he said he needed to think about things. The problem was, he wasn’t sure he’d like the answers he’d finally reach. 
Chapter 18

Vanessa lay curled in the fetal position, sobbing against the pillow. It wasn’t any of her business, and she shouldn’t have snuck back downstairs to listen, but curiosity got the better of her. She wasn’t sure what hurt more— hearing Allison plead her case to Riley for a second chance, or knowing he was considering taking her up on it. Either way, it didn’t matter. It was time to face facts. She might be sharing a bed with Riley, but another woman still held his heart.
Footfalls echoed on the stairs. She wiped the tears from her eyes and pulled the covers up far enough to hide her face. She didn’t want to face Riley and have to explain why she was crying.
The door across the hall closed with a soft click and she waited for Riley to enter. When he didn’t, the tears she’d been holding came flooding back a second time. Obviously, he’d made his decision. He was going to give Allison a second chance. Her hand slid down over her belly. Would it matter to him that she might be carrying his child? She closed her eyes and drew in a deep breath. If she was pregnant, she’d keep it to herself. Raising a baby on her own wouldn’t be easy, but it would still be better than trapping her child’s father into a loveless marriage.
The weight of the day’s events slowly descended over her, and sleep began to take hold. She let out a yawn, rolled over and nuzzled into the pillow, drawing in Riley’s scent on every breath. At least she’d have a small piece of him to take with her when she left.
* * * *
When Vanessa awoke the next morning, Riley’s side of the bed remained empty. She stared at the blank space. Pain welled deep in her chest as the ugly reality stared her in the face. 
She’d lost him to his past and no amount of tears would change that fact.
 Maybe it really was time for her to move on, even though Trevor was still on the loose. 
She climbed from the bed, dressed in a pair of blue jeans and a T-shirt, and went downstairs. The decadent aroma of freshly brewed coffee filled the deserted kitchen. Wondering where Riley was, she poured herself a cup. Muffled voices drifted through the screen door from outside. Curious, she moved quietly to investigate. Riley sat on the step next to Allison, their bodies touching at the hip and knee. 
Vanessa pushed away the churning sensation in her stomach and listened. 
“I don’t know why I feel this way, I just do.”
Allison placed a hand on his knee. “When it’s right, it’s right and no explanation is necessary.”
He rested his hand over hers and let out a sigh. “I think I didn’t want to admit my feelings because I knew the situation was only temporary.”
“You can’t deny love, Ry. It strikes without warning and knocks you off your feet.”
He laced his fingers through hers and kissed the back of her hand. “I’m glad you understand.” 
Vanessa watched him lean over to give Allison a kiss. When their lips met, she turned away, set the mug on the table, and raced through the house to the bathroom. Her stomach violently contracted, and her eyes burned with tears. She barely made it to the toilet in time.
Sitting with her back against the tub, she rested her head on her knees and waited for the nausea to subside. All she had to do was make it through the next two days. When Riley went to work on Monday and Jesse left to check on the crops, she would leave. 
Once she was on the road, she’d head…where? Charlotte’s house was no longer an option, and she couldn’t possibly go home and put her family’s lives in jeopardy.
 Maybe she could head east and get work on one of the racing farms out that way. 
Sulky racing was different than thoroughbred racing and few people would know the Beaumont name. If things worked out, she could find a place to stable Ransom, have a steady paycheck, and start fresh.
Leaving her family behind wouldn’t be easy, but for their own safety, it was necessary.
She looked up at the soft knock on the door. Riley peeked around the edge. “Van? Honey, are you all right?”
She struggled to her feet. “I’m okay.”
“You look flush. Did you get sick again?”
“Yeah, but I’m okay now.”
The frown he wore deepened. “I think it’s time I took you to see Doc Sorenson.”
“I’m not going to the doctor, Ry. Besides, it would be rude to leave your houseguest.”
“If you’re referring to Allison, she left already.”
Vanessa felt her brow knit as confusion clouded her thoughts. “But I thought you had some catching up to do.”
His frown twisted into a smile. “Turns out, her work is transferring her to Columbus, so she’s moving up this way. We’ll have plenty of time to catch up later. Now let me help you back to bed. Mac and Maureen will be here soon with Hannah and I’m sure you want to be well enough to help with her birthday present.”
* * * *
“Okay, Hannah, now close your eyes and no peeking.”
Hannah waited impatiently for her present, her face a twisted mix of emotions. Vanessa hurried into the barn to retrieve the mare from her stall. She took the horse’s reigns and waited by the door for her signal.
With a heavy heart, she watched Riley tease Hannah and was thankful that at least she had the chance be part of this special day. 
“Are you sure you can’t see?” Riley asked.
“No, I can’t see. Come on, Uncle Riley, what’s my surprise?”
Riley nodded to Vanessa, and she led the chestnut mare out of the barn, stopping a few feet from where they stood with a sign reading ‘Happy Birthday Hannah’ attached to the saddle. 
“Okay, Doodlebug, open your eyes.”
Hannah’s eyes flew open, followed quickly by her mouth. She stared at the mare, then glanced at her mother and father, and then at Riley before letting out a scream. 
“Oh, is she really mine?” Hannah asked, running to the mare.
“She’s yours, honey,” Mac replied. 
“Oh, thank you, Daddy. Thank you.”
Mac turned his daughter to face him. “It wasn’t only my doing, honey. Mommy and I paid for your horse, but Uncle Riley is letting you keep her here and Vanessa was the one who picked her out.”
“And Jesse has agreed to take care of Skye when you’re in school and can’t get out here to do it yourself,” Riley added.
Hannah looked from one to the other before turning back to Vanessa. “Can I ride her?” 
“You sure can, honey.” She boosted Hannah into the saddle. She took the mare and led her into the paddock. “Okay, now take it easy with her. She doesn’t know you yet, so she’s not going to react like Uncle Riley’s horses did.”
“I will, Vanessa,” she replied, urging the mare into a trot. 
The five of them stood next to the fence, watching Hannah put the mare through her paces. 
Riley’s hand came to rest on Vanessa’s back, and she glanced up to see him grinning down at her. She forced herself to return his smile. He pulled her back against him and slipped his arms around her waist. Mac made the same move and Maureen accepted his arms. It was a perfect scene; too bad she now knew her part of it was nothing more than a lie.

* * * *

Maureen pulled into the Wal-Mart lot and parked in the first empty space she could find.
“You have no idea how much I appreciate you inviting me along,” Vanessa said. 
“It’s not a problem. I figured after days on end out there alone, you could use a little girl time.”
She smiled. “Jesse’s not bad company, when he’s there. Usually he’s out in the fields, so I’m left to my own devices.”
They walked into the store, each taking a cart. “It’s not the mall, but it gets us by,” Maureen commented, then slowly turned to make her way through the clothing department. Vanessa wandered behind her, casually glancing at the racks of clothing along the aisle. 
She caught a glimpse of the maternity department and felt her heart jump. Would she need new clothes soon? At the moment, she couldn’t check out the clothing anyway. Instead, she wandered into the intimate apparel department. Maybe a new nightgown would be in order. Another something she could have that would always remind her of this place. 
Busy contemplating the purchase of a satiny pink gown, she didn’t hear Maureen coast up behind her. 
“Is that for you or Riley?”
She turned and smiled. “Me, but I don’t think I’m buying it. I don’t see a need for it.” She replaced the garment on the rack, Maureen grinned at her.
“What?”
“Nothing. I’m trying to decide if you don’t see it necessary because there’s nothing going on between you two, or if it’s because you don’t plan on wearing it long enough to make the purchase worthwhile.” 
Vanessa’s face flushed. She cleared her throat and grabbed her cart. “I need to buy some more deodorant.”
Maureen laughed. “Uh huh.” She followed Vanessa to the Health and Beauty department. “Hannah needs more vitamins and I need toothpaste.” Maureen stopped behind her, then pushed her cart further down the aisle. 
Vanessa continued up two aisles. Pausing, she scanned the boxes of pregnancy tests on the shelf before picking one up and flipping it over to read the back. She could wait until after she left to take the test. That way, if it were positive, she wouldn’t be tempted to tell Riley. Still, if she was pregnant, it was probably best that she knew sooner than later. She was squatting in front of the cart reading the back of a pink box when Maureen rounded the corner. 
“Van?”
Vanessa glanced up to see Maureen standing next to her. 
“Oh God, Van. Tell me you’re not.” Maureen crouched next to her, resting a hand on her back. 
“I’m pretty sure I am,” she replied. “I’m nearly two weeks late and I’ve been sick.”
“And I take it you have reason to think you are.”
She nodded. “You could say we haven’t exactly been responsible.”
“You’re not on the pill?”
Vanessa shook her head. “I don’t sleep around. Trevor was my first, and the last time we were together was over a year ago. There wasn’t any need for me to be. Things with Riley…well, they got out of hand and now…” she sighed.
“Well,” Maureen replied. “First things first. You need to buy that test and find out if you are. Then, you can decide how you’re going to tell Riley.”
Vanessa sniffled, throwing the box into the cart. “I don’t know if I can tell Riley.”
Maureen’s brow knit. “Why not?”
“Because it would only screw up his life. I’d be better off raising the child on my own.”
The confusion on Maureen’s face slowly morphed into a frown. “I know for a fact Riley would love to have kids. He’s always wanted them, so I’m pretty sure you’d make Riley’s day if you were.”
“But he doesn’t love me, Maureen.” 
 She could feel the tears threatening and let out a deep breath.  Hormones!  It had to be hormones that were causing her to act like a whiny baby. 
“Okay,” Maureen took the test from Vanessa and tossed it into her cart.  “This is not the place to continue this conversation.  I think it’s time we get out of here.”
“I still need deodorant,” Vanessa protested.
Maureen led the way and quickly found the isle with deodorant.  Without really looking Vanessa grabbed her brand and they headed for the check out. 
After paying for their items, they returned to Maureen’s Durango, tossed the bags in the back, and eased inside the vehicle.  “Okay,” Maureen sighed.  “Now what on earth makes you think Riley doesn’t love you?” 
“Because he’s still in love with Allison.”
Maureen wrinkled her nose. “Allison? Honey, that was almost five years ago. He’s long since over her.”
Maureen hadn’t been there last night to overhear their conversation and she hadn’t been there this morning when Riley kissed her. “You’re wrong, Maureen. He still loves her.” She paused. A shiver rippled up her spine out of nowhere.  Suddenly, she felt as if someone was watching her. She glanced around the parking lot finally spotting a man in the lot across the street looking their direction. 
“How can you be so sure?” Maureen asked. 
Vanessa fastened her seatbelt her gaze never leaving the man. “She stopped by last night on her way to a business meeting in Columbus.”
Maureen put the truck in gear and pulled out of her parking spot. “Allison was here?” Her voice laced with shock. 
Vanessa nodded; her eyes remained fixed on the person across the road. “After I was supposed to have gone to bed, he stayed up with her. I know I shouldn’t have eavesdropped, but I couldn’t help myself. She asked him to give her a second chance.”
“She did?” Maureen turned out of the lane and headed for the side road. “Well, I still don’t think you have anything to worry about.  After what she did to him, I doubt he’d even consider the thought.” After a moment, she slowed the vehicle and pulled to the side of the road. “What are you staring at?  Is something wrong?”
Vanessa shook her head.  “I don’t really know. That man in the parking lot across the street. He’s looking at us.”
Maureen squinted hard before apparently spotting the man “The one standing next to the blue and white pick-up truck?”
“That’s the one,” Vanessa replied.  She had an eerily bad feeling about this.
“I see him, but he’s so far away. How do you know he’s looking at us?”
Vanessa shook her head. “I don’t know exactly, but I feel it. I was climbing into the truck and suddenly had the feeling that I was being watched.”
Maureen glanced from the man to Vanessa and back. “Is it the same kind of feeling you got when you and Riley were on that picnic?”
“Yeah,” Vanessa replied, her eyes still locked on the figure. “I know I’m being paranoid again, but from this distance, he looks like Trevor.”
Maureen frowned. “I don’t know if its paranoia or not, but let’s get going. If you’re right, I’d rather have Mac and Riley’s protection than to try and take him on alone.”
They arrived home in time to find Mac, Riley and Hannah waiting. “What took you guys so long? I thought we were going to the fair?” Mac said, helping pull the bags from Maureen’s truck. 
“Oh, stop complaining.” Maureen leaned over and brushed a loose lock of hair from Mac’s face. Their eyes locked and he pulled her to him. Vanessa could feel the sexual tension radiating between them and wondered why they didn’t give into their desires. 
It was obvious they not only were still attracted to each other but loved one another deeply. Vanessa smiled, watching their embrace. 
“Jealous?” Riley asked, peeking over her shoulder. 
“No.” She turned into him, catching a whiff of his cologne. 
He grinned. “I think you are, but I can fix that straight away.”
Before she could protest, his mouth descended over hers. She knew how easy it would be to lose herself in his kisses, but she also didn’t want to pull away and cause a scene. Doing the only thing she knew; she wrapped her arms around his neck and allowed the sensations to consume her. 
“Oh, yuck! I thought we were going to the fair. Stop kissing and let’s go already,” Hannah said.
Voices filtered through the fog of desire. The sound of chuckles coming from somewhere behind her, but she was too lost in Riley’s embrace to care. 
“Ah hum.” 
She pulled away to find Mac and Maureen smiling and Hannah, arms crossed, giving them a dirty look. 
“I want to go to the fair.” she pouted. 
“Okay. Okay, Doodlebug we’ll go.” Riley pulled on her ponytail. 
“Ouch, Uncle Riley,” she yelled, giving him an even dirtier look. 
“Listen, I have to run to the bathroom, then we can go.” Vanessa explained and started for the house when Maureen’s voice stopped her. 
“Hey…don’t you think we should tell the guys what you saw?”
Riley’s expression turned serious. He glanced between Maureen and Vanessa. “What did you see?”
“I’m thinking now it was nothing, but when we were putting the bags in the truck, I got the distinct feeling we were being watched.”
“And?”
“And I saw a man standing in the parking lot across the street looking our direction. He was so far away I couldn’t see his face, but I think it might have been Trevor.”
Riley stepped forward and took her by the arm. “Trevor? Are you sure?”
Vanessa shook her head. “No, I’m not sure. Like I said I couldn’t see his face and Trevor doesn’t drive a blue truck. I told Maureen I was probably being paranoid again. I think I’m letting his messages get to me.” 
Riley drew in a deep breath and held it for a second. “Okay. Since we don’t have any evidence it actually was Trevor, we’re going to proceed as normal, but I am going to wear my firearm to the fair. Better to be wrong and be safe.”
He followed Vanessa into the house and disappeared into his room for his gun. She locked the bathroom door and set the bag on the counter. She’d intended on waiting, but now that she had the test the not knowing was driving her crazy. 
She held the box, her hands shaking. What if the test was positive? What if it was negative? The second question bothered her more than the first. They would be off the hook, but did she want to be? If she were pregnant, at least she’d always have a part of Riley with her. 
She closed her eyes and drew in a deep breath. Speculating would get her nowhere. Either way, she needed to know for sure. Poised to rip open the box, a knock at the door froze her in place. “Honey, are you about ready.”
Vanessa scanned the bathroom, looking for a spot to hide the box, finally settling on the cabinet above the toilet behind the extra rolls of paper. 
“Coming,” Vanessa called. She flushed the toilet and ran the water in the sink, giving the illusion she was washing her hands. 
She opened the door to find Riley waiting next to the door. “Ready?” 
She forced a smile. “I’m ready. Lead the way.”
* * * *
From the edge of the woods, Trevor could see Vanessa and the others climb into the vehicle to leave. The old man needed to go and now would be the perfect time, when he was home alone. 
He pursed his lips and considered his next move. A bullet wouldn’t work in this situation. In order not to raise suspicion, this had to look like an accident. Trevor shivered at that thought. He didn’t want to hurt anybody else, but what choice did he have? There was no guarantee the man would be gone on Monday and stay gone long enough for him to escape with Vanessa and the horse. 
With the elderly man out of the way, and the Sheriff at work, could finish his plan. Once Vanessa realized that in the end, she’d still have that stupid horse of hers, she’d hopefully be willing to give him another chance. 
He waited patiently until the light in the sky grew dim, then slowly trekked through the cornfield toward the house. He slipped behind the barn and discovered an old piece of fence post. Weighing the timber in his hand, Trevor played the scene out in his head. If he could sneak up on the man, it would only take one, maybe two blows to the head to incapacitate him. His stomach churned at the thought, but Trevor pushed away the sick feeling and summoned up the courage he needed to continue. 
Careful not to make any sounds, he edged across the drive and slipped up the back steps. Through the screen door he watched the old man shuffle about the kitchen making a sandwich. 
When he finally settled into the chair with his back to the door, Trevor made his move. He flung open the door. Before the man could turn to see his attacker, Trevor swung, contacting the back of his head. The wood vibrated in Trevor’s hand, sending a sick feeling through his body. The man fell forward, slumped in the chair.
He pulled the unconscious man from the chair, letting him fall with a thud to the linoleum. Thank God, there hadn’t been any blood. He rolled the elderly man over and positioned him face down on the floor, then ripped a paper towel off the holder and placed it in the man’s hand, making it look as though the man had keeled over in the middle of his dinner. 
He stepped back and surveyed his work. Something wasn’t right. Trevor knelt and rearranged the man’s limbs, making him look more askew. Better, he decided, taking a seat at the table. He needed a minute to gather his thoughts and consider his next move.
Chapter 19

“I think you made out better than Hannah.” Riley smiled; his hand clasped in Vanessa’s. They walked toward the back of the house from the vehicle. 
“Maybe,” she smiled and held up the black and white stuffed dog. “Here, Hannah, let me see your bear for a minute.”
“No way.” She coveted the bear, keeping it out of Vanessa’s reach. “Daddy won me this bear.”
“Now, Hannah, is that anyway to behave?” Maureen scolded. 
“It’s okay, Maureen. I was only joking with her.”
“Hey, Doodlebug, I think you still owe Jesse a thank you for watching after your new horse,” Riley ruffled her hair. 
“Yeah, you’re right.” She took off running for the house. 
“I can’t thank you enough for allowing her to keep a horse out here,” Maureen said. 
Riley shook his head. “It’s nothing, really. I don’t know why we didn’t think of it before.”
Maureen opened her mouth to reply but was interrupted by Hannah’s terrified scream filling the night air.
“Hannah!” Mac dashed for the kitchen door, followed closely by Riley, Vanessa, and Maureen. 
Vanessa gasped as she stepped inside the door and found Jesse lying face down on the floor. Hannah stood next to him sobbing uncontrollably. 
“Vanessa, get Hannah out of here,” Riley ordered, stepping over Jesse. “Mac, get to the phone and call an ambulance.”
Vanessa grabbed Hannah by the shoulders and led her into the living room out of the way.
“He’s breathing, but it’s real shallow,” Maureen said. Her voice blended with Mac’s while he relayed information over the phone to emergency services. 
“I found a faint pulse. He may be in shock. Grab a blanket off the sofa,” Riley instructed. 
Maureen darted past Vanessa into the living room and back. 
“Jesse, can you hear me?” Riley asked. “Squeeze my hand if you can hear me.” 
From the hallway, Vanessa cradled Hannah against her as she willed Jesse’s hand to move. When it didn’t, her heart sank, and Riley let out a string of curses. “God damn it, where’s that ambulance?”
“They’re on the way.” Mac rejoined Riley and Maureen in the kitchen. 
“Don’t you die on me, you old coot,” Riley held Jesse’s head in his lap. “Hey, he’s got a real bad knot on the back of his head.”
Riley lifted Jesse’s head slightly so Maureen could check. “Yeah, you’re right. Now how did he get that?”
Sirens in the distance carried through the air and slowly grew closer. Maureen checked Jesse’s pupils with a flashlight, first looking at one eye, then the other, her movements precise. Vanessa could only guess that being a nurse gave Maureen the ability to remain calm when everybody else was on the verge of losing their cool. 
“His left pupil is fixed and dilated. I don’t see any blood in his ears or nose, but he could be suffering from some sort of intracranial bleed,” Maureen said.
The sirens drew closer, and Mac raced outside, returning only a minute later with paramedics hot on his heels. Riley and Mac moved out of their way and Maureen relayed Jesse’s condition to the paramedics. 
Once he was placed on the stretcher, they hurried out the door. Vanessa let go of Hannah’s shoulders and ran after Riley, following him to his truck. “I’m coming with you,” she said, grabbing at the passenger door. 
He skirted the front of the truck and took her by the hand. “You need to stay here,” he said. 
“But I want to be with you.” She could see the fear in his eyes and wanted to be there to comfort him. 
“I want you to stay here. I need to focus on Jesse, and I can’t effectively protect you if I’m concentrating on him.  Mac will stay with you until I get back.”
She lowered her eyes and backed away. There wasn’t much of a chance Trevor would infiltrate the hospital when he wanted the horse, but she supposed in Riley’s current state he wouldn’t think of that.  Maybe he was suddenly afraid to share his pain, or he simply didn’t want her around. “Call when you know something.” 
“I will.” He slipped back around the truck, jumped in, and sped off down the drive. She turned, walked back to the house, and found Maureen sitting on the back step rocking Hannah in her arms. Crouching next to her, Mac did his best to sooth his daughter. He glanced up at Vanessa.
“Riley wanted me to stay with you guys,” she said, slapping her hands to her sides. Mac stood, walked around Maureen and Hannah and down the steps to Vanessa. 
“I know you want to be with him, but this is something he needs to do by himself.”
She fought against her building tears, then gave in. “I know it sounds crazy, because I’ve haven’t known him that long, but I love him, Mac.”
He stroked her hair. “It’s not crazy, Van. We can’t help who we fall in love with.” 
“I want to be with him. He looked so scared. I want to be there for him.”
He pulled her to arm’s length and brushed a tear from her cheek. “Honey, you have to understand something. Jesse has been part of Riley’s life since he was little. When Riley’s dad passed away, Jesse stepped up and took his place. He’s like a father to Riley. He’s the only family Riley has left.”
Vanessa stared at Mac for a moment, then glanced over at Maureen and Hannah. “You need to go take care of your family,” she whispered, backing away from him. 
Nodding, he let go of her and she turned to head to the barn. “I’m gonna go check on the horses,” she called to Maureen and Hannah. 
Hannah’s head popped off her mother’s shoulder. “Can I come with you?”
Vanessa forced a smile. Right now they both needed a distraction. “Of course, you can.” She waited until Hannah was by her side, then together they made their way to the barn with Mac and Maureen not far behind. 
* * * *
Hours passed and Vanessa was out of her mind with worry. It was nerves she told herself when her stomach began to sour again. “Excuse me,” she murmured and raced upstairs to the bathroom. She’d barely had time to lift the lid before all the junk she’d eaten over the course of the night came back to haunt her. 
When she was sure nothing else was coming up, Vanessa flushed and closed the lid. She shivered in the air-conditioned room then opened the cabinet door above the toilet to retrieve another roll of toilet paper. There, behind the roll, was the pregnancy test. Now was good as any other time, she supposed. If nothing else, it would get her mind off Jesse. Vanessa ripped open the box and retrieved the test. After following the instructions, she set the test on the counter, and watched the liquid filter through the screen. The control line slowly turned bright pink, her stomach lurching and rolling in backlash. She gazed toward the ceiling. It would be easy to knock the test into the garbage and not look, but then that wouldn’t solve her problem. If she was pregnant, the sooner she knew the better. Drawing in a deep breath, she looked down at two solid pink lines staring back at her. 
Her stomach dropped. Somehow, deep down, she’d known all along. The test was only confirmation. 
“Vanessa?” 
“In the bathroom,” she replied, not moving from her seat. “You can come in.”
The bathroom door slowly opened and Maureen step inside. “Are you okay?”
“I don’t know,” she replied, holding the test stick up for Maureen to see.
Maureen’s eyes grew wide, and she took the stick for closer inspection. “What in the world made you think to take this now?”
Vanessa shook her head. “I came up here to throw up. When I started to replace the empty roll of toilet paper, I found the test. This waiting was killing me, so I figured why not take it? Now I have something besides Jesse to worry about.”
Maureen crouched next to her. “What are you going to do?”
“Have it.” 
“Are you going to tell Riley?”
She wanted to…God she wanted to in the worst way.  After a moment she slowly shook her head. “I can’t. I won’t ruin his life. After I find out about Jesse, I’m leaving. I don’t care if they haven’t found Trevor yet. I can’t stay here any longer.”
Maureen frowned. “What about the baby?”
Vanessa shrugged. “If my brother can raise his daughter by himself, surly I can manage. Besides, after the horrors I went through with Trevor, I never really wanted another relationship. I barely know Riley. Even thinking about something more serious with him is stupid. He loves Allison. He has a history with her. All I can offer him is a life he hadn’t planned and probably wouldn’t want.”
Maureen’s frown morphed into a deadly seriously expression. “You don’t know that. Now listen to me. If you love him even a little, you have to talk to Riley before you go. You owe him that much. I mean he is the father and at the very least he has a right to know.”
Vanessa dropped her head into her hands. “I don’t know,” she sighed. 
“If I tell him about the baby, how do I know he’ll be honest with me? I don’t know him well enough to tell if he’s lying. The last thing I want is for him to end up resenting me because I trapped him into a life he didn’t want.”
Maureen grabbed her by the hand. “I’m telling you, Van. Riley isn't like that. He wouldn’t marry you if he didn’t love you, but he would love and support his child. You owe it to yourself to settle things with him before you leave, otherwise, you’ll spend the rest of your life wondering what if?”
“Hey, are you girls alright?” Mac’s voice echoed in the hall outside the bathroom door. 
“We’re fine.” Maureen moved to intercept Mac and Vanessa quickly stuffed the contents inside the box and shoved the entire package into the trash. 
* * * *
It was after one when Riley walked in. Mac, Vanessa, and Maureen were sitting around the table drinking coffee. Vanessa jumped from her seat. “How’s Jesse?” 
“Stabilized.” He ran a hand through his hair. “They thought he may have had a stroke, but the MRI results came back negative. So now, they seem to think maybe he slipped or somehow lost his balance and fell. The doctor kept saying that if he didn’t know better, he would have thought Jesse had been hit with something.”
Mac made a face. “But why would anybody want to hurt Jesse?”
Riley leaned against the counter, his hands resting on the edge. “I don’t know. Hopefully, they’ll know more when he wakes up.” He pushed off the counter. “Well, I’m exhausted. Thanks a lot for staying, you guys.”
Mac stood and patted Riley on the shoulder. “Think nothing of it. I’m glad he’s going to be okay.” He went to the living room, scooped a sleeping Hannah off the couch, and carried her from the house. 
Vanessa followed Mac and Maureen out. “Thanks for everything.”
“It wasn’t a problem, Van. Now, why don’t you go back inside? I bet Riley could use a little support right now.”
She didn’t have the heart to tell Mac this would be the last time he’d see her. Maybe it would be easier not to say goodbye. “Okay, good night.”
She returned to the house, closed, and locked the back door. She shut off the kitchen light and ambled toward the stairs. With one foot on the bottom riser, she glanced into the living room and found Riley sitting on the couch, elbows on his knees and head in his hands. “Are you okay?” she asked, taking a tentative step into the room.
When he lifted his head to look at her, she knew he wasn’t. Tears welled, threatening to spill over, magnifying his irises. Slowly she crossed to him, then knelt in front of where he sat. He pulled her into an embrace so tight she could barely breathe. 
He shuddered and she knew he was trying his best to hold back a sob. 
Together, they sat tangled in the dark for several minutes before he spoke. 
“I’m sorry about earlier,” he whispered. 
“You don’t have to apologize. Mac explained everything to me. I understand.”
She searched his eyes, seeing the pain behind the sea of blue. 
“Jesse is the only family I have left. I never thought about it before, but tonight, when I didn’t know if he was going to survive. I realized if he dies, I’m all alone.”
Panic swelled in her chest, and she worked to contain it. “You’re not alone. I’m here.”
“But you’re not staying. Once they find Trevor, you’ll go home, back to your life in Pinewood.”
His words made her realize how unappealing that idea was. Despite the situation with Allison, even though she didn’t know him well, she did know he had some feelings for her. He’d showed them repeatedly over the last few weeks. 
It was scary for her to admit it, but she didn’t want to go home. She wanted to stay, make a life with him, and have his baby. It was a long shot, but maybe Maureen was right. Maybe he did love her and was simply afraid she didn’t love him in return. If that’s all it was, she could fix it right now. “It doesn’t have to be temporary. I could stay here with you. We could start a family of our own, make a life for ourselves. I don’t have to go back. I love you.” 
Riley shook his head and brushed his knuckles along her cheek. “You’re not thinking rationally right now. Neither of us are. Why don’t we wait until they find Trevor, then we can decide what’s best for us?”
Disappointment washed over her. His failure to say he loved her only confirmed her fears. Still, she wanted him to know her feelings would be forever. “How I feel won’t change, but if that’s what you want, then we’ll wait.”
Chapter 20

Trevor kicked off his dirty shoes at the front door. 
“Where in the hell have you been all night?” Courtney snapped. 
Tired and frustrated at finding Vanessa in the arms of another man, he shot her a warning look. He’d spent most of the night hiding out and setting his plan in motion, the last thing he wanted to deal with was her bitchy attitude. “I had some business to take care of,” he grumbled. “What are you, my wife?” 
“No, thank God, but we do need to talk about her. You’ve been here for over two weeks now, eating my food and sleeping on my couch. So, when exactly are you going to get that bitch out of my life?” 
Her demanding tone snapped his already taut nerves. The little snot needed to learn when to keep her mouth shut. He grabbed her by the wrists and threw her against the wall. The impact forced the air from her lungs with a grunt. 
With a fistful of hair in one hand, he yanked her head back and looked her in the eye. “I told you before. I had to scout out their routine. She’s not going to come willingly. The last thing I need is your precious Sheriff involved. Don’t you worry your pretty little head. She’ll be gone today, out of your life forever.” He sneered. “Now, how about a going-away kiss?” 
His mouth came down hard over hers, plundering the soft skin of her lips. 
She shoved against him, trying to fight him off, push him away. He easily overpowered her, only letting go when she bit him on the lip. “Bitch,” he snarled.
“Stop it! Get off me,” she yelled, digging her nails into his arm. 
“Ouch. Damn you!” His slap came fast and hard, sending Courtney reeling. 
She stumbled away from him but didn’t get far before he snared her by the hair. She twisted away from him, turned, and fell over the ottoman, landing face first on the glass coffee table. Glass shattered beneath her, and she went still.
An image of Leo lying on the barn floor flashed through Trevor’s mind. Damn!
“Courtney?” 
When she didn’t move, he bent down to check her pulse and found a weak beat beneath his fingers. He weighed his options, finally deciding it was time for him to go. If she died, she died. He already had two murders under his belt, what was one more? Hopefully, by the time somebody found her, he and Vanessa would be long gone, or, at the very least, Vanessa would be dead, and he’d be gone with the horse.
* * * *
Up for over an hour, Riley hoped for some good news about Jesse. He called the hospital, but Jesse had yet to regain consciousness. The news did little for his mood and he barely choked down a breakfast of eggs and toast, before tossing the remainder of the food into the trash.
Massaging his temples, he stood. Time to get to work. Upstairs, he checked in on Vanessa, still curled in his bed, then went to the bathroom to shave. Leaning over the sink, he stared at his reflection and drew the razor over his chin. “Damn it.” The razor clattered into the sink as blood began to ooze from the fresh wound. He grabbed for a square of toilet paper to staunch the blood flow and knocked the can of shaving cream into the trash. 
Retrieving the half-full can, Riley’s gaze landed on a long pink box. What is that? His eyes widened with realization.
He glanced at the door, thought about Vanessa sleeping soundly in his bed, then back to the box. Had he been right when he wondered if she might be pregnant? 
He shook out the contents and held the test stick in his hand. Two faded pink lines confirmed his suspicions.
Shock registered first, followed by sheer panic. 
When Vanessa never insisted, he use protection, he assumed she was on the pill. Still, he should have asked. He caught sight of his reflection in the mirror. His half-shaven face stared back. 
“Responsibility, Ry,” he chastised himself. He was the Sheriff after all, and that title carried with it a certain amount of responsibility. While reprimanding himself for acting like a teenager, somewhere in the back of his mind the question formed. Could he make a good father? Considering the idea, he set the test stick down on the counter and finished his morning shave. He’d always wanted kids. 
His brows knit. How long had she known about the baby and why hadn’t she told him about it? He didn’t want to consider the possibility that she would think about aborting it. 
Taking the test stick with him, he walked back to the bedroom. Stretched on her side, Vanessa remained sound asleep. He stopped inside the doorway and leaned against the frame to watch her. She’d been so sick over the last few days, and he’d been worried. After everything last night with Jesse, finding out she was pregnant was almost a relief. 
‘Last night…’ His mind replayed the previous night’s conversation. “I could stay here with you. We could start a family of our own, make a life for ourselves.” She’d known then, and more importantly, she’d been telling him, in her own subtle way, she wanted to stay. She could have left without saying a word. Instead, she begged him to let her stay, to let her love him.
Staring down at the stick, he realized everything he’d ever wanted in his life started with those two pink lines. Despite the shock and his own silly fears, he was thrilled with the idea of having a baby. Riley crossed the room to his nightstand, opened the drawer and set the test inside. There would be time later to talk about this. Right now, she needed to sleep, and he needed to get to work. 
He rounded the bed and knelt next to her, gently placing his palm over her stomach. 
Beneath his hand, a life was growing, one he helped to create. “Honey, I’m leaving. I’m going to lock the doors on my way out. I want you to stay inside until I can make arrangements for some sort of protection for you when I’m at work.”
Her sleepy eyes opened slightly, and she smiled. “I’ll be fine.”
“I know, but in case Trevor is lurking around, I don’t want you here alone. I’ll have somebody here before ten, Okay?”
She nodded, her sleep-filled eyes drifting closed once again. “Okay, you have a good day.” 
“You too.” He dropped a kiss on her cheek. “I love you.” 
He turned and left the room without looking back.
All the way into town, her words replayed in his head while an image of her holding their child formed in his mind. Jesse was right. It was time he stopped being a loner.  It was time he put his past behind him and started a family. During his lunch break, he’d head over to Hillman’s Jewelry Store and pick out a nice ring, maybe a marquee or better yet, something in a heart shape. First, he needed to talk to his deputies and see who’d be willing to pull duty at his farm. Without Jesse there to protect her, he simply didn’t feel comfortable leaving her there alone.
When he entered the station house, he noticed Courtney’s empty desk. “Where’s Court? She sick?”
Mac responded with a shake of his head. “Not that I know of, but then I just got here myself.”
Riley frowned. Courtney might be idealistic and meddlesome, but she was always responsible when it came to her job. “Steve, I need you to drop me off at Pete’s to pick up the new squad car. On the way back, we’ll swing by Courtney’s apartment and find out what’s going on with her. We’ll leave in ten minutes.” He turned his attention to Mac. “I need to talk to you in my office.”
“Is Jesse okay?” he asked, closing the door.
Riley slowly sank into the chair behind his desk, looked up at his friend. “Yeah, there hasn’t been any change in his condition. Actually, I wanted to talk to you about Vanessa.”
“Vanessa? What, you want to pump me for more info?” Mac joked. 
“She’s pregnant.”
The words hung in the air between them like a thick fog, and Mac stood in place staring blankly at him. “Pregnant?”
Riley nodded and motioned for Mac to sit. “I found the test in the garbage this morning when I was shaving.”
“Well.” Mac slid into the seat across from him. “I guess that explains why she’s been so sick. Didn’t you guys take precautions?”
Riley wrinkled his brow. 
“Okay, stupid question. So can I assume by your goofy grin you’re happy?”
“Happy? I think thrilled would be a better word. I love the idea of being a father.”
“What did Vanessa say about all this?”
“Nothing yet, I put the test stick in the nightstand and left her sleeping, but she did tell me last night she wanted to stay here and make a family with me.”
“That’s great, Ry. So, what are you going to do?”
“Marry her.” He grinned, standing up from his chair. “Hell, Mac, she’s the best damn thing that’s ever happened to me. I love her and she’s going to be the mother of my child, so why not marry her?”
Mac stood and slapped him on the back. “Congratulations, Ry, it’s about time you had some happiness in your life, but what about Allison?”
Riley cocked his head to the side, wondering just what Allison had to do with his decision. “What about her?”
“Maureen said Vanessa told her Allison was in town the other day.”
“She was, but what does that have to do with Vanessa?”
“Um…she also told Maureen she saw you and Allison kissing.”
“Damn.” Riley lifted a hand and rubbed the back of his neck. “I kissed her goodbye, Mac. I told her I was in love with Vanessa and that we could still be friends, but she needed to move on with her life.”
“Well, pal. I think you might want to tell Vanessa that, because she thinks you’re still in love with Allison.” 
Riley nodded. “I will. Thanks for telling me.”
* * * *
After picking up the new squad car at Pete’s, Riley was on his way to Courtney’s apartment when his cell phone rang. “Sheriff Whitaker.” 
“Riley, its Mike”
“Hey, Mike. Why are you calling my cell?”
“I tried the station and they said you were out. Listen, Ry, we have reason to believe Trevor Bigby is in Jessup. We traced a call to his cell phone from a Courtney Newberry, made about a month ago.”
At the sound of Trevor’s name, a surge of adrenaline rushed through Riley’s veins. His heart skipped a few beats trying to catch up. He knew Courtney had been jealous of Vanessa, but he never thought she’d do something so devious. “A month? Why in the hell am I hearing about it now?”
“I’m sorry, Ry, I finally finished another case and when I was looking over the info my men collected, my assistant missed her call on our sheet. It was only one call, and it was under a minute, so he thought it was probably a wrong number and dismissed it. I know I don’t have to remind you, Bigby is a wanted man and he’s dangerous. Be careful. My men and I are on our way, but it will be a couple of hours before we can get there.”
“Hopefully, by the time you do he’ll already be in custody.” Riley pushed ‘end’, and threw his phone into the passenger seat, then queued his radio. 
“Mac, I need you and Steve to meet me at Courtney’s. Trevor Bigby is in town and may be hiding at her place.”
“Copy that. We’re on our way.” 
Riley pushed the accelerator and the car sped up, its velocity matching the pumping of his heart. How could she have done something so stupid? He only hoped she was alright, and Trevor still didn’t know exactly where Vanessa was.
The cars came to a stop within seconds of each other. Riley raced from his vehicle with Mac and Steve right behind him. 
He banged on her door. “Courtney, it’s Riley. Are you alright?” He heard what he thought was the muffled sounds of a woman’s voice but couldn’t be sure. “Come on, Courtney, open up.” Riley hammered on the metal door. When she didn’t answer, his concern grew. “I’m kicking it open.” It only took one kick for the flimsy lock to give way and the door to swing open. Gun drawn, he eased inside the room and found her sprawled in the middle of the broken table. 
“Courtney!” He sheathed his weapon and raced to her side to check for a pulse as Steve and Mac cleared the apartment. When he rested a hand over her back, she barely moved, and his fear ratcheted up a notch.
“All clear,” Mac called and holstered his weapon. 
 “Mac, grab me a blanket. Steve, call for an ambulance. Riley gently brushed the hair from her face. Her eyes were open, and she mouthed his name. 
“Shhh…It’s okay. We’re going to get you help.”
Mac returned from her bedroom with the comforter from her bed. 
Riley took the blanket and spread it over the broken glass, while Mac dragged the table base out of the way. “Let’s move her onto the blanket,” Riley said.
Mac nodded. Holding her head steady, Riley helped Mac and Steve shift her onto the comforter. 
Several tiny cuts on her face trickled blood, but the gaping wound in her chest concerned him more. 
He inspected the large piece of glass protruding from the wound. By the position of the glass, he’d bet anything the shard penetrated her heart.  “Steve, find out where in the hell that ambulance is.” 
She tilted her head to look at Riley through her swollen eyes. “I’m sorry,” she gasped, blood trickling from her mouth. “Just wanted him to take Vanessa away.”
“Where is he now, Court?” Riley prayed she wouldn’t say his farm.
“Don’t know...probably gone to your place,” she whispered. “Stop him, Ry... he’ll kill her.”
She hadn’t even finished her sentence before Riley was at the door calling orders over his shoulder. “Steve, go with her to the hospital and call in Jessup PD to secure the scene. I want all the evidence you can get. Mac, you’re with me.” 
“Right behind you, Ry.”
Riley hopped back into his squad car, started the engine, and pulled out on the road.  He sped through town, panic flooding through him. With Jesse in the hospital, Vanessa was alone at the farm and unaware Trevor was stalking her. 
He thought about the positive pregnancy test he’d found in the trash an hour ago. She was carrying his baby and he’d do anything to protect her and their child. 
Riley finessed every bit of speed he could get from the car. He was not going to let another deranged sicko steal somebody he loved. It was hard enough when he lost Sonya and watched his mother and father grieve. He’d be damned if he would live through that again. Vanessa was his now and Trevor would have to deal with him if he wanted to get to her.
* * * *
Vanessa awoke with a start. She pushed her hair from her face and glanced at the empty space next to her, then at the clock. Eight-fifteen meant Riley was indeed at work. 
He’d told her he loved her, or had he? Was it nothing more than her own wishful thoughts infiltrating her dreams? Still, she was sure he’d said something about sending out a deputy to watch over her. If she wanted to leave, she needed to be doing it now. Shaking her head, she swung her legs off the bed and planted her feet firmly on the floor. Nausea swelled, and she scurried to the bathroom. How long would she have to deal with morning sickness? 
It would all be worth it, she reminded herself as she dropped her hand to her still flat belly and closed her eyes to picture their child. Would it be a boy, with curly dark hair and deep blue eyes like Riley, or would she give birth to a girl? She smiled at the thought and found herself looking forward to the day when she’d get to meet her child.
Fifteen minutes later, she was downstairs, doing her best to eat a piece of dry toast. All she wanted to do was go back to bed, but this wasn’t her life anymore and it was time to move on. Thankfully, she didn’t have much to pack, though it wasn’t going to be easy getting the trailer hooked up by herself or getting Ransom inside. She’d worry about that later. Right now, she needed to pack her bags.
Her hand trailed over the furniture in his room, and she picked up the T-shirt she’d worn the morning after his accident, when they’d made love. It would be the one and only thing of his she’d take with her. Before placing the garment in her bag, she stopped at his dresser, picked up his cologne and sprayed the shirt. The smell wouldn’t last forever, but that was okay. She’d remember. 
Carefully, she carried one bag to the bottom of the stairs, then returned for the second, repeating the process between the house and her truck. 
She tried not to think about the finality of the situation, the fact that once she pulled out of the drive, this chapter in her life would close. It simply hurt her heart too much to contemplate life without Riley.
She stepped into the barn. The tension in the air was palpable. Something wasn’t right. All four horses snorted and pawed at the ground inside their stalls. Had a wild animal strayed into the barn? Ransom nervously cribbed at his stall door, and she knew the problem was more serious than a stray animal. The only time he’d ever chewed the wood on his stall was when Trevor was around, but that couldn’t be the case now. “Whoa, easy boy. What’s wrong?”
“Hello, Nessa.”
She knew that voice. 
The tiny hairs on the back of Vanessa’s neck stood at attention. She turned and faced the .38 Trevor leveled on her. 
“Surprised to see me?”
Her throat vacuumed shut as the snorting and pawing from Ransom’s stall escalated. “What do you want, Trevor?” she choked out.
“Oh, I think you know what I want.” He stepped toward her. “It was bad enough when you filed for divorce, but then you had the nerve run off with my horse. I’m afraid I can’t let you get away with that.”
His twisted mouth and glassy eyes should have frightened her even more. Instead, her anger began to build. “Ransom belongs to me.”
“Don’t push me, Vanessa. I need that damn horse. Victory is willing to pay a good price for him.”
“Why? He’s too old and out of shape to race. What does he want with Ransom?”
He waved the gun in the air. “He’s starting his own stud farm and Ransom’s going to help him achieve that goal.”
Vanessa’s eyes narrowed. “Ransom wasn’t some great champion. Victory wouldn’t pull a big stud fee on him. Which means he’d only be breeding horses to keep the underbelly of horse racing thriving. No way will I allow Ransom to be used like that.”
“What Victory does with him isn’t my concern. Or yours. All I’m worried about is getting out of debt.”
Her temper rose. “Then what? You staying out of debt is no more likely than a heroin junkie staying clean. I’m not letting you sell him to save your sorry ass.” 
Ransom whinnied and reared up in his stall.
“Shut that animal up,” Trevor snapped, waving the gun at the horse. 
“He knows a snake when he sees one,” she shot back.  
“I’m warning you, Nessa. You’re going to give me that horse.” “Over my dead body.” She stepped back against the closed stall door. 
Trevor’s smile was wicked, almost sinister in nature. “I’d be happy to arrange that, you whore.”
Prickles of fear played against her skin. Still, she was tired of being afraid. Tired of worrying about what others wanted and thought. She’d played by others’ rules long enough. No more! “What’s wrong, Trev, did your latest slut finally discover what kind of pond scum you really are and leave?”
“Don’t try to change the subject.  You don’t think I know you’re screwing the Sheriff, Nessa? I’ve seen you two holding hands and kissing.”
Her eyes widened. “You’ve been watching me?”
“You look surprised. It’s a shame my little plan didn’t work out last night. If it had, we wouldn’t be here right now.”
“Last night?” Her anger simmered before it slowly surfaced, boiling over in rage. “Then Jesse was struck in the head,” she said, through clenched teeth.
Trevor’s laugh was pure evil. “For somebody who graduated top of her class, you can be dense sometimes.”
“Why, Trevor? He was an old man. He didn’t do anything to you. He, didn’t even know you.”
“Yeah, well, that Sheriff of yours doesn’t know me either. You think that’s gonna stop me from killing him for screwing you? It makes me sick to think my wife would sleep with a stranger instead of taking care of her husband.”
“Ex-husband, Trevor, and you brought it on yourself. You think I wanted to have sex with you after I found out you were sleeping with prostitutes?”
His face twisted with anger. Droplets of saliva dribbled from his mouth, reminding her of a rabid dog. He looked sickly, and thinner than the last time she’d seen him, furious. No, she thought, he was deranged. 
“I wouldn’t have needed to look elsewhere if you would have kept your vows,” he spat. 
Vanessa caught sight of Riley rounding the corner, his service revolver drawn. 
“Drop the gun, Trevor.” 
Trevor’s next move was so fast Vanessa barely had time comprehend what was happening. He snatched her by the arm and pulled her in front of him. The muzzle of his .38 dug into her temple, sending a biting pain through her head. 
“Don’t think so, Sheriff. This is none of your business. This is between me and my wife.” 
Chapter 21

With his gun trained on Trevor, Riley stepped into the barn and slid sideways to the stack of baled straw. Knowing Mac had his back, he fought through his own fear and continued forward. “You’re a wanted man, Bigby. There’s no way I’m going to let you walk out of here.”
“Well, Sheriff, the way I see it, you don’t have much of a choice, especially if you want to keep her alive. Tell you what, you let me leave with the horse and you can have my slut of a wife.” 
Riley gritted his teeth, pushing down the flare of anger Trevor stirred. He was smart enough to know Trevor was just trying to get under his skin. “This isn’t about Vanessa, Trevor. This is about the murder of Leo Dunbar. Now, put down the gun before anybody else gets hurt.”
Shaking, Trevor continued to hold the gun to Vanessa’s head. “I swear I never meant to kill the old man, but if you don’t let me go, I will kill her!”
Riley held his pistol at eye level, willing away the sick feeling in his stomach. Composure, Ry, don’t lose your head here. “That wouldn’t accomplish anything, Trevor. You’d only go to jail for two murders. That is, if I don’t take you down where you stand. You have a choice here. Let Vanessa go.”
“No!” Trevor yelled. Backing away, he nearly pulled Vanessa off her feet. “Since you’re not willing to make a deal, then I’m leaving with my wife and my horse.”
Terror flared in Vanessa’s eyes while she pleaded with Trevor. “Please, Trevor, I know you don’t really want Ransom or me. It’s cash you need, and I’ll get you the money. Please, let us go.”
“Shut up!” he screamed, showering her with saliva. “This isn’t only about money, Nessa. You belong to me. You always have and always will. I’ll forgive you for sleeping with him, but you’re coming home with me.” He jammed the muzzle of the gun into her temple.
“No, she’s not.” Mac stepped into barn from the other side, his gun directed at Trevor.
Trevor backed toward Ransom’s stall. When he hit the wall, he pulled the gun away from Vanessa’s head and aimed at Riley. 
“No!” The concussion of the gun all but silenced Vanessa’s scream. One—two shots rang out through the barn. Sending all four horses into a panic. Shrieks and whinnies combined with the thud of stalls being kicked until the sound was deafening. 
The first bullet whizzed by Riley’s head, but the second one collided with his shoulder. The impact nearly knocked him off his feet as fire bloomed in his shoulder. Unable to return fire for fear of hitting Vanessa, he dove for cover. Pain rocketed through his arm, and he landed against the bale of hay. 
“Hold your fire,” he yelled through a shaky voice, knowing Mac would also be taking cover. 
“What’s it going to be, Sheriff? If I’m going down, I’m not going alone, so which one do I kill first?”
Riley struggled against the burning in his shoulder as blood spurted from the wound. Probably caught an artery.  Not good. If he didn’t get medical attention soon, he’d lose consciousness from blood loss. He only hoped he could hang on long enough to finish this. “You can have me, Bigby,” Riley called out. “I’ll be your hostage. Let Vanessa and the horse go.”
“No, Riley,” Vanessa cried. 
“I said shut up.” Trevor jabbed her head with the muzzle of the gun. 
The sound of her whimpering brought Riley up on his knees. He couldn’t let this son-of-a-bitch get away with hurting her. He peered over the top of the bale. 
Vanessa’s gaze moved from one end of the barn to the other. Was she looking for something in particular? 
He readied himself, knowing if she gave him an opening, he’d have to work through the pain. 
With her free hand, Vanessa reached around to a hook on the wall and grabbed a metal pail. She swung, catching Trevor in the face. Screaming in pain, Trevor released his grip on her, and she ran. 
Trevor took aim, but without a hostage, he was a clean target. Riley pulled himself up over the bale and opened fire, creating a diversion, and giving Vanessa the opportunity to dive in behind him. 
Trevor staggered against the impact of the bullets. Red splotches appeared on his shirt. He lifted his hand a second time in an attempt to fire the weapon. Riley fired first, emptying his clip. A gurgling sound filled the air and blood trickled from Trevor’s mouth. His hand went limp, and the gun dropped to the ground. The force of the gunshots held him against the wall.  When they stopped, he toppled forward, landing face first onto the dirt floor. 
Despite the searing pain in his shoulder, Riley held his position and Mac crept forward. Kicking the gun away from where Trevor lay, he then checked for a pulse. He looked up and shook his head. Riley let out a sigh, turned and collapsed against the bale of straw. “Are you okay?” he whispered, lifting his good arm gently to her face. 
* * * *
Knowing she needed to be strong for him, Vanessa forced a smile despite her tears, but deep-down fear raced through her. “I’m fine, but, oh God, you’re hurt.”
“Just a flesh wound.” He smiled and his eyes began to glaze over. “Vanessa.”
“Yes, Riley.”
“I love you.” His eyes close and he drifted into unconsciousness. A tight fist of panic gripped at her heart. 
“No... Riley,” she cried, shaking him. “Oh, God. Mac, call an ambulance,” she screamed. Riley slumped over onto this side, and she slipped around, letting his head fall into her lap.
 Bright red blood continued to gush from his wound while she searched the area around her for something to use for a compress. Coming up empty, she stripped off her shirt and pushed it against his shoulder. The fabric quickly soaked with blood. “Please, don’t leave me,” she begged, stroking his cheek with her free hand. 
Mac rounded the corner of the bales and stopped dead in his tracks. “Riley!” 
Keying the mike on his shoulder, he called for help. “This is Sergeant Collins. I have an officer down with a gunshot wound to the shoulder and a fatality. I need medics, an ambulance, more officers, and the coroner to Sheriff Whitaker’s farm, on the double.” 
“Please, don’t let him die, Mac,” Vanessa sobbed.
Mac dropped to his knees next to them. “He’s not going to die. The ambulance will get here in time.” Mac checked Riley’s pulse and breathing before putting his hand over Vanessa’s. “Here, let me hold the pressure to his wound.” He took the blood-soaked shirt from her and pushed hard, attempting to staunch the flow. “Damn it, Riley. Why weren’t you wearing your vest?” he muttered between clenched teeth.
The sirens in the distance grew louder and within seconds, two Sheriff’s Department squad cars pulled up and the deputies appeared. Through teary eyes, she watched Mac glanced over his shoulder and give them orders. “Walt, first get your jacket for Vanessa, then I need you to get Doc Morton out here to check on the horses. Andrews, go in the house, get a clean towel for this wound and another shirt for Vanessa. Then, I want you to finish securing the scene. The FBI will be here soon, and I need somebody to stay with the body until they arrive.”
Mac turned his attention back to her. “Van, stay with me here. He’s going to be fine.”
She rocked back and forth, cradling Riley’s head in her lap, even as Walt draped his jacket over her shoulders. “It’s my fault. He was shot because of me.”
“It’s not your fault. The fault lies with the body over there on the ground. He tried to hurt you and take something that wasn’t his to have. No way was Riley going to let that happen.”
The deafening sound of the ambulance siren ceased outside the barn door. Within seconds, the paramedics surrounded Riley. She needed to move and let the men work, but the thought of separating herself from him was too much to bear. 
A hand landed on her shoulder, and she looked up at Mac. “Vanessa, please. You have to let them work.” 
With tears streaming down her cheeks, she broke contact and stepped away. One of the officers handed her a clean shirt.  She removed Walt’s jacket and quickly donned the shirt before putting Walt’s jacket back on.  God she was cold, frozen to the bone with fear. 
When they rushed to the ambulance with him, she started to follow only to have Mac wrap his arms around her like a vice. 
“Please, let me go with him,” she begged as she fought against his grip. The last thing she wanted was to be separated from him. Her chest heaved with sobs as she watched the medic’s load him inside and slam the doors. 
“You can’t go, honey. They need the space to work on Riley and you’d only be in the way. You can ride with me.” 
Fighting with Mac was a losing battle, and she stopped pulling against him. Loosening his hold, he let his bloodstained hand slip into Vanessa’s, and they raced to his squad car. “Walt, you’re in charge,” Mac yelled over his shoulder.  “If anyone needs me, I’ll be at the hospital.”

Vanessa sat emotionless in a chair across from Mac in the small private waiting room. Maybe it was shock setting in, but she’d finally moved beyond the tears stage. Various scenarios raced inside her head in a vicious circle, each one of them ending with Riley dying on the operating table. 
Thinking like that wouldn’t do her or Riley any good, but with two people dead at the hands of Trevor, Vanessa couldn’t help but fear that Riley would make the third. 
If he died without ever knowing about the baby….  Bile began to build in the back of her throat, and she grabbed a garbage can. Mac pushed off the wall, crossed the room and sat down beside her. “I’m going to get you some crackers and a ginger ale from the vending machines.” He rubbed a hand over her back.
She shook her head then wiped her mouth with a tissue. “I don’t want anything but thank you anyway.”
He slipped a hand into hers. “Van, you need to eat something and try to calm down. All this stress can’t be good for the baby.” 
Her entire body jerked at his words. She looked up at him, her eyes growing wide and her mouth agape “How did you know about the baby?”
“Maureen told me,” he replied.
For a second, she considered his words. It would make sense for Maureen to tell him, especially after the way she’d begged Vanessa to tell Riley. Was it possible that Mac or Maureen had told Riley out of fear she wouldn’t?  After a long moment she nodded. He was right, of course.  She needed to not only try and stay calm but stay nourished and hydrated.  
Mac patted her hand. “I’ll be right back.”
Two hours and two ginger ales later Vanessa paced the waiting room floor. The fear and sadness she felt earlier now replaced with a nervous sense of dread. “What’s taking so long?” 
Mac grabbed her hand and steered her toward an empty chair. “Relax, Van. Haven’t you ever heard the saying; no news is good news?”
“How can you be so calm when Riley might be d...de…” Her voice cracked and tears once again filled her eyes. 
Instead of having her sit, Mac pulled her to him. “It’s a ruse, honey. 
I’m terrified. He’s my best friend, and I can’t imagine my life without him in it.”
The waiting room door opened, and Steve walked in, his lips drawn into a tight frown.
“How’s Courtney?” Mac asked.
Steve shook his head. “She didn’t make it.”
Mac’s arms tightened around Vanessa. “Damn it.” He drew in a deep breath. “What did the doctors say?”
Steve leaned back against the wall and folded his arms over his chest. “Apparently, the glass penetrated her heart. When they removed the shard, her heart stopped beating and they couldn’t get it to start again.”
Still in shock and now confused, Vanessa lifted her head from Mac’s shoulder and looked at him. “Courtney’s dead? I don’t understand. What happened?”
“We don’t need to talk about this right now, Van,” Mac replied, pulling away from her. “This isn’t the time.”
Vanessa grabbed his arm. “I have a right to know.” She glanced between Mac and Steve. “Tell me.”
Mac sighed. “Courtney was the one who tipped Trevor off to your whereabouts.”
Her legs gave out beneath her, and Vanessa sank down into the nearest chair. “He killed her?”
“We think it was probably an accident, but yeah, he had a hand in it.”
Vanessa’s eyes turned to the soft squeaking sound of an opening door and Mike Garwood, Riley’s FBI friend, entered. 
“Vanessa.” Mike took her hand. “How’s Riley?”
Vanessa shook her head. “I don’t know. It’s been two hours and they haven’t told us anything.”
“He’s a strong man. Don’t you worry. He’ll come through this; you’ll see.”
She smiled, but only a little. “I hope so.”
“Ms. Beaumont, Sergeant Collins?”
Vanessa’s attention darted in the direction of the voice and found the surgeon in his blue scrubs, standing in the doorway. “Yes. How’s Riley?” she asked. Her heart lodged in her throat as she spoke.
“The bullet nicked an artery, and he lost a lot of blood, but we were able to repair the damage”
“So, he’s going to be, okay?”
The doctor smiled. “It might take a while, but eventually he’ll be fine.”
“When can I see him?”
“Shortly. He’s in recovery right now. I’ll send a nurse for you when it’s okay.”
* * * *
The steady beat of the heart monitor played like music to Vanessa’s ears, and she thanked both God and the doctors for saving Riley’s life. He was pale and sickly with bags of intravenous fluids dripping into his veins, but he was very much alive. A large white bandage covered his left shoulder, immobilizing his arm and hiding the wound that had torn through his flesh. She laced her fingers beneath his for what seemed to be the hundredth time.
His fingers gripped hers lightly in response.
She jumped to her feet, her heart leaping for joy. “Riley?” 
His eyelids fluttered and he slowly moved his head.
“Riley, can you hear me?” 
He opened his eyes, blinked, looked at her and smiled. “I was dreaming about you,” he whispered, his voice scratchy and faint. 
She let out an exasperated laugh. Tears pooled in her eyes and trickled down her cheeks. “Good dreams, I hope.”
“The best.” He lifted his good hand to brush the tears from her face. “I’m so sorry, Van.”
Her brow creased. “Sorry for what?”
“Allison. It was a mistake to kiss her.”
She exhaled a relieved breath, thankful he wasn’t sorry for kissing her, instead.
 “I don’t care about that anymore. All I care about is you getting better,” she said even as tears continued to stream down her cheeks. 
“Don’t cry, honey. I’m okay.”
Her legs once again felt like rubber, so she slipped into the chair. “I know, but I was so scared.” She pressed his hand to her lips and took a moment to steady herself. “You were bleeding so badly and then you passed out. I was afraid…” She shook her head, unable to speak the unthinkable. 
“Honey, please don’t cry. I hate it when you cry. I’m okay and so thankful he didn’t get the chance to hurt you.”
“He hurt you instead,” she replied on a sob.
“Better me than you.” He replied. “Now stop that crying.”
  “Raising her gaze to meet his, she sniffled and tried to push away the tears. “I’m sorry. I know I need to stop crying, but I can’t help myself.”
“It’s all those hormones,” he replied, his face slipping into a wide grin. 
She opened her mouth but struggled to find the words. “How…how did you know?”
“I found the test in the trash this morning. When were you planning on telling me?”
“I only took it last night and with everything that happened, I didn’t have a chance.” She paused to take in the silly grin on his face.  Even smiling he still looked so pale, so very tired. “You’re happy about it?”
“Come here,” he said. 
She stood and moved next to the bed, where he placed his good hand over her still flat belly. “I love you, Vanessa, and I love our baby growing inside you. I’m more than happy.  Marry me and make me the luckiest man in Jessup.”
Tears she had just managed to stem began to flow again. “That’s no way to get me to stop crying.”
He narrowed his tired gaze. “You’re evading the question.”
“No, I’m not,” she replied through her tears.  “God, I love you so much.”
“So, is that a yes?”
“Yes.”
Epilogue

Vanessa stood outside the stall door, while the mare struggled to give birth. Ransom’s foal. She smiled, offering words of encouragement to the bay. “Come on, Valentine, I know it’s hard, but you can do it.” 
The mare let out a whinny which brought Ransom to look over from the adjacent stall. 
“She’s okay, boy.” Vanessa moved to stroke his head. “It hurts to give birth, but she’ll be fine.”
She turned to see Riley walking toward her. Sweat beading off his brow, his shirt soaking wet. She leaned into him, accepting his kiss. 
“So, how’s she doing?” He nodded toward Valentine’s stall. 
“She’s okay, the foal’s almost out.”
Riley peered over the stall door, and praised the mare, then he turned back to Vanessa. “Watching her give birth making you have second thoughts?”
Vanessa looked over her shoulder at the new addition under construction. “Not at all. We agreed when Aaron turned one and a half, we’d start trying again.”
“Speaking of which, where is he?”
She pointed to the empty stall where Aaron slept soundly inside his playpen. His halo of dark curls damp with sweat from the humid August day. 
Riley peeked over the stall door. “That was smart.”
“Well, with all the racket going on inside the house, it would have been impossible for him to nap. Besides, this gave me the chance to keep an eye on Valentine.”
Riley moved back to the stall and peered inside at Valentine and her new foal. The baby was lying on its side, eyes open staring up at them. Valentine was already on her feet, cleaning the foal. “So, do you think Ransom is a proud papa?” 
“Weren’t you proud when Aaron was born?”

Riley slipped an arm around her waist and thought back to that cold March day. Snowed in by a late winter blizzard, he stayed by her side while she suffered through contraction after contraction.  Relying only on Maureen’s knowledge and fate, Vanessa fought like a warrior to bring their son into the world. Now, almost eighteen months later they were preparing to start the process again. “So, where are you in your cycle?” he whispered. 
She tilted her head, planting a loving kiss on his sweat-slicked skin. “I’m ovulating.”
“Really?” He nuzzled into her neck, dropping kisses along her exposed flesh. “Why don’t we leave the new mother alone with her baby, climb on up into the loft and try to make one of our own?”
Her grin grew wide. “What about the guys working on the addition? Aren’t they going to notice if you’re missing?”
“Nope, especially since I told Jesse to keep them out of the barn for the next half hour.”
“You naughty boy.”
“And you love me that way,” he replied, pulling her against him. 
He rubbed himself against her leg, and she suddenly had the urge to be naughty herself. “You know Aaron doesn’t turn eighteen months until next month?”
“I can’t wait that long.” He ground against her as he took her mouth in a breath stealing kiss.  Her legs grew weak, and she grabbed his shoulders for support.  Even nearly two and a half years later and he still had the ability to reduce her to a puddle of goo.   He pulled back only far enough to whisper in her ear. “Come on, Van, you know you want to.”
As much as she wanted to taunt him a little, desire dictated otherwise. “Well…. he is sleeping.”
“Good, it’s settled.” In one swift move, he spun around and pulled her to the ladder.  “Up you go, sweetheart.”
Once she was over the last rung and into the loft, she turned back to wait for Riley.  He appeared within seconds and immediately pulled her against him again.  
With mouths tangled, they stumbled into the corner of the loft, clothes flying into the straw. They had their moments of lovemaking which were tender and slow. This wasn’t going to be one of them. 
Bodies already entangled, they collapsed into a fresh pile of straw. She wrapped her legs around his waist and threw her head back in pleasure as he slid deep inside her.  She never grew tired of feeling him fill her.  He pulled out, and pushed back in, creating a friction that only served to heighten her need.  Sweat beaded on his forehead and clung to the fine hairs around his face.  
It didn’t take long before the spring in her belly began to coil as his thrusts grew in both speed and intensity.  
Riley’s eyes flared with untamed passion. “Come for me, Van. I love to watch you come.” 
As if waiting for his queue, she toppled over the edge and began spiraling through an amazing orgasm.  Aware of the men working mere yards from the barn, she barely managed to contain the scream strangling her throat. “For God’s sake, Ry,” she panted, her nails digging into his shoulders.
On her plea, he shifted her hips, his face tightened, and he closed his eyes. His head jerked back, and she expected him to let loose a groan of his own. Instead, he quietly held back a grunt then filled her with life before collapsing into the hay next to her. 
She rolled over and draping an arm over him, propped her chin on his chest. Her finger slowly traced the silvering puckered scar on his shoulder. 
He caught her hand in his and kissed it lightly. “You think that was enough to get you pregnant?”
“Well, if it’s not, we’ll have to try again.”
“Again?” He arched a curious brow.
“Uh…huh.” She nodded giving him a wicked grin. “And again, and again. We’ll keep trying until I get pregnant, or you get tired.”
He studied her face, searched her eyes, and found the love he knew was there. “Well, I guess we better make that addition a little bigger, because I don’t think I could ever get tired of making love to you.”

THANK YOU
Coming Soon…

Tangled Hearts
Chapter 1
The pitch of night shrouded the outside world in an eerie moonless dark even as shadows danced along the dimly lit parking garage wall, causing fear to slide through Maureen Collins' system. She shivered and for a moment, wondered if it was from the fear or frigid temperatures of winter. 
The sounds of tiny wheels rolling over the concrete floor blended with the scratching of cardboard boxes being dragged. Cold air weighed heavy in her lungs, and she struggled to regulate her breathing as she hid behind the massive pillar, her position aided by the burned-out light bulb above. Maureen Collins couldn’t believe her eyes. 
The bitter February wind whipped through the massive structure, sending yet another shiver up her spine and she wished she’d taken the time to put on her coat. She’d only planned to be outside long enough to retrieve the food she’d accidentally left in her car. The last thing she’d expected to find were three strange men loading medical equipment and vials of narcotics into the back of the dark colored, unmarked van.
Despite the shock of nearly walking into what she could only assume was some sort of robbery, she managed to keep her thoughts enough to snap pictures of the crime with her cell phone. Without the use of the flash, more than likely the photos would be too dark to be of any real use for identifying the men, but she couldn’t get any closer without the risk of being seen. 
With a mere 50 feet separating them, she could all but feel the tension radiating off the men. For all she knew they were armed and from her vantage point, certainly looked dangerous. If discovered, she could very well end up with a bullet in her head and dumped in the woods somewhere to rot. 
A brief image of her seven-year-old daughter, Hannah, flashed through her mind. She’d do whatever she could to help catch the men, but she wouldn’t do anything that could risk her life any more than she already had.
The tallest of the three men turned to scan the area. “This is taking too long.” His raspy voice echoed through the expanse. “Hurry up and get that last box in so we can get the hell out of here before somebody shows up.”
“No worries,” the short, stocky, balding man replied. “We’ve been doing this for three months and no one comes into the garage at two-thirty in the morning.”
“Still,” the taller one argued. “I don’t want to take the chance. While I’m not against killing anybody who gets in our way, it would create a mess I’d rather not have to clean up.”
“We wouldn’t off them here,” the shorter one replied, only to be smacked in the head by the taller man. 
“Think you idiot. Any disappearance at all in this blip of a town would be enough to bring out every cop and off duty deputy in the tri-county area. It’s not like the dumb ass cops around here have anything better to do with their time and we don’t need that kind of attention.”
“Done,” the third man stated then closed the back doors. “Let’s get the hell out of here.”
Maureen crouched behind the pillar, and wished, not for the first time, that she was thinner.  She pushed her frame into the corner with the hopes that the darkness would completely conceal her presence. Without moving and barely remembering to breathe, she waited for the van to leave. The sound of tires squealing on the concrete slowly faded away, leaving only Maureen’s heavy breathing to fill the cold, heavy silence.
She pulled herself into the light then stared absently at the empty space. No way could she have just witnessed a robbery. Stuff like that happened in murder mystery novels, not in real life. Her attention shifted to the cell phone in her hand.
 The evidence was there, encased within the tiny memory chip, waiting for her to reveal to the authorities. Despite the growling in the pit of her stomach, retrieving her forgotten lunch from her car no longer mattered. Quickly, she shoved the phone in her pocket, then turned to head into the building. 
She pushed the elevator button with more force than necessary, then cast a cautious glance over her shoulder. The men were gone. She’d seen them drive off with her own eyes. Still, that fact did little to comfort her. Never in all her thirty-two years, had she been one to fear a situation...until now.
Her skin crawled as her imagination shifted into overdrive. Ominous visions filtered through her mind, heightening her senses until every tiny sound caused her to jump.
“Come on,” she pushed the button again. “Stupid elevator.”
Taking the stairs wasn’t an option. Too many scenes from horror movies scrolled through her head. Each one ended with the frustrated heroine taking the stairs only to end up in a pool of her own blood, lying akimbo at the bottom of the steps.
Come on Maureen, get a grip! She shook her head. This wasn’t some horror movie, and she wasn’t a damsel in distress. 
Lost in her thoughts, she wasn’t prepared when the doors opened or to find Doctor Doug Lodzinski standing inside. A scream tore from her lungs and echoed through the garage’s vast expanse.
The smile Doug wore quickly faded, replaced by a look of concern. He raced forward. “Maureen, what’s wrong?”
She shot a nervous glance over her shoulder at the empty garage then stepped into the elevator bringing him back in with her. “I think I stumbled across some sort of robbery in progress.”
His attention shifted from her to the closing doors and back. “A robbery? Here? Are you sure?”
Was she sure? She shook her head. “I don’t know. I think so. They were loading boxes of medicine and equipment into an unmarked van and at least one of them had a gun.”
Doug’s eyes widened. “You saw a weapon?”
Still shaking, she nodded. 
“Show me where this happened?”
All she really wanted to do was stay in the elevator and not look back, but she also wasn’t a coward. Steeling her nerves, she stepped back into the garage and took his outstretched hand. “They were parked over there.” She motioned with her free hand toward the now empty parking space.
“The van had no windows in the back. It was dark in color, maybe black or dark blue. I couldn’t get a good look at the license plate, but I think it was out of state.”
 He scanned the area before running a hand through his hair. “Okay, let’s try and think about this rationally. There must be some reasonable explanation for what you saw. Maybe they were some private security service hired by the hospital?”
“Then where were their uniforms?” She challenged as reality slowly began to sink in. “Why was the van unmarked and why were they moving supplies and equipment at two in the morning in the parking garage instead of the loading dock?”
Doug took her by the arm and led her back toward the waiting elevator. “Honey, you’re shaking. Let’s get you back inside where it’s warm.” He pulled her back into the elevator. “Look, you have a point, but I’m still not convinced that you saw something nefarious. I mean really, things like that don’t happen in small town hospitals.”
Hadn’t she thought the exact same thing just moments earlier? Still, the thought of him dismissing her story so quickly sparked her anger. Indignant, she yanked her arm free, then hugged her elbows in an attempt to both warm and steady herself. “I know what I saw, Doug.”
“Okay, okay.” He stepped in front of her and rubbed his hands up and down her arms. “I believe you think you saw something bad, but in your present state of mind I’m not sure anybody would believe you anyway. I want you to go to my office and lay down for a few minutes. Get your bearings about you. I’ll go talk to the head of security and have him check the video feed from the employee level of the parking garage. If you did see something, I’m sure it will be on video and then security can handle it from there.” 
The elevator doors opened, and they stepped into the lobby. The fact that Doug was treating her as if she were some totally inept, hysterical woman grated her nerves. She didn’t need a knight in shining armor to save her from herself. If there was one thing she’d learned after her divorce it was the need to stand on her own two feet. She straightened her spine and held her head high. “I’m perfectly capable of talking to Kent myself.” 
“I know you are, but you seem to forget that he can be a bit of a chauvinist when it comes to women. You won’t accomplish anything if he starts in with his patronizing attitude and you let that temper of yours get the better of you.”
He did have a point. Kent McGovern, head of hospital security, was the biggest male chauvinist she knew. “Maybe I should tell Mac instead.”
Doug arched a brow. “Your ex? He’s a Sheriff’s deputy and the hospital is within the city limits.”
“So?”
“So, he’s County, which means he wouldn’t be able to do anything anyway.” He dropped his hands on her shoulders, holding her in place. “First things first. Let’s make sure you’re okay and stay safe. I’m still not convinced what you saw was a robbery. Honestly, it sounds a little too Hollywood for this small town. Besides, there really isn’t any reason to bother him with something that may be nothing and even if it is, he can’t do anything about anyway.”
The last thing she wanted to do was admit he might be right, but he did have a point. “I suppose your right.” 
“Of course I am. Your ex has enough on his plate already. No need to add more stress to his life. Let me talk to Kent about this and see what he says. Maybe he already knows about it.”
Trying to steady her nerves, she blew out a long slow breath. “Okay, you’re probably right. I’m sure there is a perfectly good explanation for what I saw.” Even as she said the words, her stomach clenched in disagreement and every muscle in her body tightened in response. Every instinct she had screamed at her to tell the authorities. But what if she was wrong? Did she really want to become the butt of people’s jokes because she overreacted to a situation? “I’ll wait to hear back from you before I say anything to anyone else.”
* * * *
Mac Collins rushed across the parking lot of George Washington Elementary with the hope that he wouldn’t be too late to find a seat for his daughter Hannah’s piano recital. 
For weeks, he’d watched the date approach with anticipation and didn’t want to miss a minute of her performance. He had intended to go home first and change out of his uniform, but an impromptu meeting with Riley squelched any hope he had of making it home and back before the recital started.
Never, when Riley called him into his office, did Mac imagine he would hear the words he did. Now, he could barely concentrate for all the information cluttering his brain. He’d known Police Chief Powell was in ill health, but he hadn’t expected the man to announce his resignation after twenty-two years of service. That alone was enough to jolt Mac's system, but to hear his own boss; Sheriff Riley Whitaker recommended Mac as Chief Powell’s replacement, nearly put him into shock.
While he was perfectly happy as a deputy and had even considered the idea of running for Sheriff himself one day, he’d never given the Police Chief’s position much thought. Now as he avoided the patches of ice still peppering the parking lot from last week’s storm, he took a moment to truly toy with the idea. Police Chief Mackenzie Collins did have a certain ring to it. Plus, the raise in pay wouldn’t hurt either.
Paying child support for Hannah ate into most of his check, leaving him with little more than enough to rent a small one-bedroom apartment and still make the rest of his bills. Then there was the prestige of finally being Riley’s equal. Maybe he would talk to Maureen about this new development and get her opinion. Despite their divorce seven years ago to this day he couldn’t think of another person’s opinion, besides his mother and Riley that he trusted more.
Just when he feared he might be late after all, he spotted Maureen waiting for him near the gymnasium doors. Bundled in a heavy wool coat, gloves, and a scarf, she looked as if she were preparing for the blizzard of the century instead of the February cold they were having. “Hey. I’m not late, am I?”
“Not yet. What kept you?”
“I had an impromptu and very intriguing meeting with Riley.”
“Oh?” She quirked a brow. “Was it good news or bad?”
“Good, but it can wait until later. If you have some time after the recital, I’d like to talk to you about something.”
Her quizzical look morphed into something akin to frustration. “That something wouldn’t involve a tall blonde by the name of Shauna Williamson, would it?”
Before he could stop it, his mouth flew open. Never once in all the time they’d been divorced, had Maureen ever brought up the subject of him dating other people. If the angry gleam in her eyes was any indication, it probably wasn’t going to bode well for him that she had now. 
For the life of him, he couldn’t understand why. It wasn’t like he dated many women anyway. His dinner and drinks with Shauna was the first date of any kind he’d had in nearly a year.
“No, and why would you care anyway?”
He knew it was a loaded question, and one that would probably land him in hot water, but curiosity had him asking it anyway.
Maureen sneered. “Because Selma Masterson’s daughter, Kara took great pleasure in telling me how she saw you and Shauna huddled together in a booth at Marty’s last night.”
In an instant, the angry look she wore morphed into one of hurt and made him take pause. The last thing he’d ever want to do was hurt her. Still, he had a right to his life just as much as she did. “First of all, we weren’t huddled together. In fact, she sat across from me. Second,” he ticked off a finger, keeping count. “You know what a huge gossip Kara Masterson is. Hell, Maureen, she’d throw her own mother under the bus for a juicy story.” The anger in him began to grow with each word he spoke. “Third and most importantly, why do you care who I date, when you’re seeing that doctor at the hospital?”
Her gaze left his as she cast it toward the ground and shook her head. “I don’t know. It just hurt more than normal that’s all.”
“Why?”
Her shoulders rose in a shrug. “I said I don’t know, and for the record, I am not seeing Doug.”
Her declaration only served to fuel his building anger, especially when he knew better. “Oh really? Could have fooled me, considering how much time you spend with him.”
She lifted her head and stared at him; a look of incredulity etched into her features. “Now who’s jealous?” 
“It’s not jealousy, Maureen.” He paused and blew out a long breath while he tried to rein in his feelings. How could he make her understand what was going on inside his head?
 Back in the summer, after Vanessa arrived, they’d been getting along so well. Then when they’d kissed at Riley and Vanessa’s wedding, he’d assumed they were going to get back together. Seeing her with Dr. Dreamy hurt more than he wanted to admit.  “I just assumed after Riley and Vanessa’s wedding; we were heading for reconciliation.”
“I never said that-”
He placed a gloved finger over her lips, silencing her. “I know you didn’t. It’s my fault for assuming.”
She moved his finger. “The kiss we shared was nice, but I still don’t think us getting back together is a good idea. It’s true we’ve been getting along much better. Maybe we’re more mature than when we were married or maybe we’ve simply realized the error of our ways. Whatever the reason, I don’t want to do anything to mess up that balance.”
“I understand, but that balance also includes me dating other women.”
“I know,” she said with some resolve.
“So why the question about Shauna?”
She shook her head. “I don’t know, I’m confused, and I have a lot on my mind. If you wouldn’t mind, can we please forget we ever had this conversation?”
He took hold of her gloved hand and squeezed. “Sure. Maybe we should go in now before we can’t get a seat.”
She returned his suggestion with a small smile. “Mom is holding two seats for us, but with a crowd of this size she’s probably getting harassed, so yeah, let’s go.”
Even as he gestured for her to go first, his mind raced with questions. The dark circles under her eyes bothered him. Hadn’t she been sleeping well? Plus, the Maureen he’d known for nearly ten years wouldn’t have made excuses for her behavior or backed down when questioned on her motives. No, his Maureen, the one he still loved despite being divorced, would never have admitted she was wrong…about anything. So, what had her twisted out of sorts? 


