Raven’s Gamble
Written By: Steven Sterup Jr.
Copyright 2018 Steven Sterup Jr.

Legal Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Special thanks to my wife Tammy for her help with editing and pretty much every step of making this book.


Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 1
Fawn crept along the outside of the intricate railing above the meeting hall in Selenthal castle. Her black assassin’s outfit fit like a glove. She didn’t wear her mask nor her hood. The beautiful assassin had her long, brown hair pulled back into a ponytail, and this time, she had remembered her wrist hooks. She looked down at the enormous meeting hall and laughed. It was twenty feet down, at least. Who in their right mind would expect someone to be crawling around the outside of the railing? Then Fawn noticed King Alexander Kurts walking into the meeting room. Beside him was Navia, the head maid for the castle. Alex glanced up at Fawn, winked, then quickly looked away. Who would notice her up here? Alex would, that’s who.
Alex had come a long way in the two years they’d been married. He practically forced Fawn to teach him how to protect himself, what to look for, and how to, as he put it ‘not end up like his father’. What was more, Alex was a very fast learner. The man was beyond brilliant. As far as Fawn was concerned, he was the smartest person she’d ever met. He had no knack for sword play, and he wouldn’t be entering the upcoming tournament, but he could defend himself better than most people.
She stared at her dashing husband and felt a desire to jump down, run up and kiss him. Since becoming king, Alex had started keeping his brown hair shorter and his face more cleanly shaven. To be fair, the clean-shaven face may have been her fault. About eight months ago, Alex had been trying to grow a beard to look older and more respectful. She had just had Ella and one night when Alex bent in to give Fawn a kiss, and adore his newborn daughter Fawn commented on how scratchy his beard was. She hadn’t said she disliked it only that it scratched her sensitive skin, but that was enough for Alex. That night he came to bed clean-shaven and since then she hadn’t even seen him with stubble. To say the man was considerate was an understatement.
Fawn reminisced about how much this unlikely marriage had given her. Things she’d always wanted but was afraid to admit. She now had a last name, something which seemed inconsequential as she grew up. She was even surprised at how much joy it brought her every time people referred to her as Mrs. Kurts. It was less joyful when they insisted on calling her Queen Kurts, but she could live with it. She never wanted to be a queen, but Mrs. Kurts was a title she thanked the maker for every single day.
Then there was Ella, her nine-month-old bundle of annoyance. The constant spitting up, crying, diaper changing and the latest ordeal, teething, produced a sense of love in Fawn which she hadn’t even known was possible. This little biting, pooping, puking machine was Fawn’s world now, and she’d give up anything to keep it that way. She once joked to Alex that she’d even trade him for Ella if it came down to it and how did the annoyingly perfect man respond? ‘That’s the way it should be’ were the first words out of his beautiful mouth.
Alex arguing with Navia, distracted Fawn from her daydreams.
Navia was an attractive woman and close to Alex’s age. Even in her uniform, she looked pretty. Her short black hair encircled a kind face. Her lips were done up in a deep red color, and she wore flattering eye makeup. She was a few inches taller than Fawn and a little heavier, but the woman wore it well. It was doubtful any man in the castle would call her anything but beautiful.
“I just need more help, your highness,” Navia said respectfully.
“We just don’t have the money,” Alex pleaded.
“She’ll work for food, like I do,” Navia countered.
“Fine but on one condition,” Alex said with a scheming grin. “You take that raise I keep trying to give you.”
“I can’t do that, sir,” she protested.
“It’s one silver a week. That’s all I’m asking. You take your normal food but let me pay you one silver so you can save up for your education.” Alex grinned more cunningly this time.
“What do I need an education for?” Navia asked with a wave, as if she was pushing the idea away.
“Ok, fine, counteroffer,” Alex laughed. Fawn saw what Alex was doing. He knew she would refuse. This was all a clever ploy to make her accept the least offensive option. The one he had intended for her to take in the first place. “Join us on Mondays in the library. I teach everyone how to read and write, maybe even a little poetry and math?”
“Fine!” Navia relented as she threw her hands in the air. “But you hire my friend?” Navia looked at him sideways.
“Yes, if she also agrees to come on Mondays as well,” Alex said with a grin then walked away.
“It’s a deal, your highness!” she yelled after him.
Alex stopped before leaving the room and turned to Navia.
“One more thing. Please quit calling me your highness and sir. When no one is here, I’m just Alex.” He lifted one eyebrow and waited.
“Fine, King Alex,” she said with a smirk.
“What am I going to do with you, Navia?” Alex asked as he threw his hands in the air, turned, and walked out.
Fawn felt a twinge of jealousy. Was Alex flirting, or was he just being his usual charming self? Then she realized, her jealousy was stupid, this was Alex. Even though Alex and Navia had been spending quite a lot of time together lately, there had to be a good reason. Alex knew she was there watching. If something was going on, he would be acting nervous or guilty, right? It was just her imagination and their lack of intimacy, which was causing the jealousy. A few hours alone with Alex would fix her insecurities.
Fawn returned her thoughts to the reason she was balancing precariously from the railing. The two guards patrolling the upper floor were finally heading away from her. She let out a quiet giggle as she watched Sidney and Jason walking slowly away from the area near where she was. They were finally getting it.
Due to the kingdom’s dire financial state, they ended up having to hire Alex’s friends as guards. They were not the best guards, but it seemed their training was finally taking hold. In total, they had hired eight of Alex’s friends, two women, and six men, to act as guards. Hired was a strong word which didn’t really fit this situation. Having almost no money left, they offered Alex’s friends food as payment, just like the maids, the cook, and every other servant in the castle. Fawn laughed again. Servant was also a strong word. They were not servants, they were friends, almost family, at this point. Servants would require coin as payment, not chickens, eggs, milk, and whatever else they happened to get as payment from the people of the kingdom. You see, not only was the castle broke, the whole kingdom was severely lacking in funds.
To alleviate the strain on the people of his kingdom, Alex had set a plan in motion. The castle would accept food as taxes, but that wasn’t all. He gave away all the land that previously belonged to the castle. Every citizen of Selenthal owned their land now, and they were only required to pay a small tax, a portion of any food they produced. Many of the citizens thought it was a trick for the first few months, but when Alex stood his ground, they eventually realized King Alexander Kurts was not a normal king.
The kingdom now ran on a barter system, not the perfect system, but a broke kingdom had very little choice. Despite their initial apprehension, the citizens all came to trust Alex. They were more than happy to give the castle a small portion of the food they produced. It was the least they could do since Alex had given them their land. Fawn still remembered the day Alex came up with his new system. He was in his office trying to figure out how to get money from all the land he owned, while still allowing the people living on it to stay. In the end, his only solution was to give it away. The people in the castle would never have to worry about food again, and the people of the kingdom might actually come to respect their new king.
When Sidney and Jason turned the corner, Fawn made her move. She gracefully lept over the railing and hugged the wall along the hallway. As she crept closer to the door she was aiming for, she tugged at her old outfit. It fit so tightly now. She knew she had put on weight, but it felt like her old assassin’s outfit was strangling her. She smirked at her predicament and made a promise to herself. Tomorrow she was getting a larger outfit. Since becoming a mother, she had put on about ten pounds. It wasn’t anything drastic. Her hips were a little wider, her stomach a little rounder and her breasts were definitely bigger. She could always lose a little weight, but why? Alex liked the new her. Truthfully, he would probably like the old her just as well, but she was happy. Why spend all that time training when Alex liked her the way she was? In fact, he had commented a few times about the ‘improvements’ in her shape. If Alex was happy with how she looked and she was happy, why bother? It wasn’t like she even had the time to train anymore. Helping the new guards learn to spot assassins, organizing the help, bartering with citizens as well as taking care of a nine-month old child, took up ninety percent of her day. The other ten percent she spent with Alex at night when he could finally take a break from being the king, and most of it was spent sleeping. They’d had no alone time in a little over a month, and it was wearing on her.
Fawn slipped in the door quietly after the guards turned the corner. She smiled as she looked around the room. Ella was sleeping in the crib, and the only light was from the fireplace. It lit up Sebastian Fox as he paced nervously. Seeing this man pace in her bedroom, many people would have mistaken him for Alex but not Fawn. Although the two looked similar, the same hair color, the same height, Fawn could tell the difference easily, even from behind. Fox was less muscular than Alex and let his hair grow out a little longer. From the front, the distinctions became even clearer. Fox had green eyes while Alex had brown ones, and even though many people thought the two bore a passing resemblance, Fawn didn’t see it. Seeing Fox’s face filled Fawn with warmth and reassurance, just what you would expect from a friend but Alex…that was entirely different. One look at his beautiful face filled her with joy, happiness, and the desire to kiss him. To say she loved the man wasn’t quite enough to express the depth of her feelings for him. After two years, she didn’t just love Alex; she was still in love with him. She still felt the butterflies when he called her by name. She still felt the burning desire every time Alex gave her that look. The look that told her he was undressing her with his eyes and imagining the things he wanted to do to her.
“I did it again,” she said quietly.
Fox jumped and spun to greet her.
“Damn it!” he shouted angrily.
“Shh,” Fawn said, placing a finger to her lips. “She’ll be up all night if you wake her.”
“Shit. Sorry,” Fox replied, much quieter.
“Before you scold them, tell them they did a good job. Their mistake was not looking over the railing.” Fawn pulled at the outfit which was starting to get more uncomfortable by the minute. “Let me change. Then we can go talk to them.”
“It did take you five minutes longer to get here tonight. Maybe they are improving,” Fox mused.
“I actually had to take another route tonight,” Fawn said as she slid behind the changing screen and struggled with her old outfit.
“How did you sneak by this time?” Fox asked. He needed to find all the weak points before the upcoming tournament.
“It was the kitchen. No one is watching the kitchen door,” Fawn said with a huff as she pulled the skin-tight shirt over her head.
“That was Greg’s job. Where the hell was he?!” Fox asked angrily but quietly. He wasn’t about to wake up Ella. The little darling was having a rough time the last week. Ever since she got her first tooth, all the poor thing did was chew and cry.
“Shit. My fault. I forgot to tell you that he and Sheila were going out tonight. I’m not supposed to say anything but you can keep a secret right?” she asked quietly as she emerged from the changing screen with plain brown pants and a white button-up shirt on. “Much better,” she said, looking at her regular clothes.
“You know I can keep a secret,” Fox replied.
Fawn took a step closer to Fox.
“Don’t tell anyone, and you better act surprised.” Fawn waited until Fox looked intrigued. “Sheila is pregnant.”
“That’s great!” Fox said a little too loudly. “Shit. Sorry.” He looked over at Ella who stirred but didn’t wake up.
“So don’t fault them for the kitchen door. That’s my fault, and everyone did a great job. I had to wait several minutes while they checked the upstairs tonight. They were actually doing very well,” Fawn beamed.
“Well, I suppose we better go gather them for training and to tell them how they messed up,” Fox sighed. “We really should just use the last of our money to hire professionals. There will be hundreds of people at the tournament.” He turned and started for the door, but Fawn grabbed his arm.
“I’d rather have people I trust, who make mistakes, than the best soldiers in the world, whom I don’t even know. We’re talking about our friends and family. Our guards would give their lives for any one of us. You can’t buy that.” Fawn looked at Fox seriously, and he understood.
“You’re right as usual, my queen,” Fox snickered.
“Quit that, you ass,” she said as she slugged him in the shoulder.
Fox laughed before opening the door and heading out.
A moment later, Catherine opened the door and peeked inside.
Catherine Kurts looked stern and uncaring to most, but Fawn saw through it. Although the woman kept her feelings a closely guarded secret, Fawn could see the love in her eyes. The love for her granddaughter, her son, and her new daughter-in-law. Her neatly braided, brown hair and flattering makeup led most to believe the woman was in her forties, hardly old enough to be Alex’s mother but she was in her sixties. Fawn hoped she could look that good at her age. 
“She asleep?” Catherine whispered.
“Yes,” Fawn replied sadly.
“It will be fine, dear,” the older woman comforted. “We’ll be back in a few weeks.”
“A few weeks? You said two?” Fawn looked frantic.
“That’s what I meant. Two weeks.” She said it again, to hopefully ease Fawn’s mind.
“Am I doing the right thing? I should go with you,” Fawn fidgeted.
“That’s impractical. Ella needs to be safe, and you need to find out who wants to kill your husband.” Catherine put her hand on Fawn’s shoulder. “It’s only two weeks.”
“I know, but she’s teething. What if she misses me?” Fawn walked closer to the crib and looked down at Ella.
“Of course she’ll miss you, but part of being a mother means you have to think of what’s best for her. You did that when you asked me to take her on a trip. Now you just have to figure out who wants our Alex dead. Then she will be safe at home too,” Catherine said in a soothing voice.
“Did you ever have to leave Alex?” Fawn asked, her eyes begging for support.
“Three times,” Catherine replied.
“Three! I’m not sure I can live through one!” Fawn said a little too loudly, and Ella woke. Fawn bent down and picked up Ella. She rocked her back and forth while Ella fidgeted and fussed. “Shhh, shhh. Mommy’s sorry. I didn’t mean to yell.”
“She’ll be fine.” Catherine reached out her hands to take Ella.
“I have all her stuff packed in the corner.” Fawn motioned with her head while handing Ella to Catherine.
“Jensen will be in shortly to gather all her things. You go teach those guards how to protect our Alex.” Catherine took Ella and started to rock like Fawn had. “We’ll be fine, right, Ella? We’ll be happy and safe while mommy takes care of the bad men, right?”
Fawn smiled and kissed Ella on the head, then hurried out the door before she changed her mind.

Chapter 2
When Fawn got to the training room, she noticed the apprehension in all the guards. Fox was standing in the middle of the room, and every guard was standing at attention, waiting to be yelled at. When they noticed Fawn, they all saluted.
“Oh come on guys. It’s just me,” Fawn laughed. “Relax.”
“At ease,” Fox said sternly.
Fawn walked to the middle and started pacing with her hands behind her back.
“So, you did better,” she said, looking at the floor. “Sidney and Jason, nice job double-checking the second floor. You took your time tonight and almost got me.” She smiled at the two men, and they returned the smile.
“Sheryl, John. Good job on the front door. I had to come in the back.” She smiled at these two then moved to the next.
“How did you get in?” one of the smaller and younger guards asked.
“The kitchen,” she replied. “You walked right by me, Kirk.”
The young man looked down at his shoes.
“To be fair, the kitchen wasn’t your station. Nice job on moving around to cover blind spots. But…keep your eyes off Navia,” Fawn scolded. “When you are on duty, you are on duty. Navia will understand,” Fawn smirked. “I snuck by you when you were watching her bend over to wash the table.”
All the guards started teasing Kirk.
“I can’t help it. My wife has a nice ass,” Kirk said with a red face.
“The rest of you, I didn’t encounter so you were either in the wrong place, you were not spreading out, or you had your station locked down enough that I had to go around. You all know if you did your jobs. If not, improve. We have two days.” Fawn walked to the side of the room and let Fox speak.
“The only one who did their job right tonight was Fawn. She didn’t get noticed, and she got to me in less than thirty minutes. That’s sad people. You have to do better.” Fox paced with his arms crossed.
One of the guards stepped forward.
“To be fair we won’t be guarding the king from Raven,” Kris, the other female guard said, giving Fawn a knowing look.
“True,” Fox replied. “But the assassins you will be guarding him from will not hesitate to kill you if you get in their way. Which means…if they see you first, you’re dead.”
Kris took a step back and her smile faded.
“Fox may sound harsh, but he just wants to make sure you live through this. This isn’t a game or an exercise. I could have killed any of you at any time, because you didn’t see me first. That is your best defense against an assassin. That and a sword,” Fawn laughed.
The guards all let out a small laugh then returned to their somber looks.
“Now pair off and spar,” Fox ordered, and the guards all started talking and muttering while they paired off.
Fawn looked at Fox and raised both eyebrows.
“You want to kick my ass again, don’t you?” Fox asked with a laugh.
“You are a better fighter than I am. You should win,” Fawn scolded.
“You are a world-famous assassin. I’m just Fox,” he countered.
“I’m a better assassin. You’re a better fighter.” Fawn took her stance, and Fox readied himself.
Fawn kicked out toward his knee and Fox easily evaded. She left her right side open while she jabbed with her left hand, and Fox didn’t take his advantage. Fawn stopped and put her hands on her hips.
“I left you an opening,” she scolded.
“I noticed too late,” Fox replied.
“Liar,” she reprimanded.
Fawn put her hands under her breasts and pushed them up.
“It’s because of these. You’re afraid to hurt a girl.” Fawn stared at him intently and watched as the pink made its way onto his face.
“I don’t like hitting women,” Fox explained.
“Hey, guys! Come watch this!” she yelled to everyone, and they gathered around. “I’m going to kick Fox’s ass because he can’t hit a girl. If any of you have a problem hitting a girl, you might as well quit now. One in four assassins are women. That means you very well might have to kill a woman.”
Fawn hit Fox in the face hard, and he stumbled backward.
“Women are faster than men but don’t hit as hard.” She lifted her leg and put her foot behind Fox’s head then pulled him forward. As he was getting back up, she smashed her knee into his forehead, and he fell backward. “We are also more flexible and have better balance. We’re bottom-heavy, and men are top-heavy. That’s not sexist, it’s just biology.” She spun, landed behind Fox and tried to kick him in the ass but he turned and tripped her.
Without taking a breath, she was back on her feet. “We are also more devious.” She pretended to punch Fox again then stepped on his foot. He grunted then she kneed him in the groin. “A woman will not think twice about smashing your nuts, because we know it’s your weakness.”
Fox tumbled to the ground and started to get a little angry. He stood up and wrapped his arms around her to put an end to the onslaught.
“Men are stronger. That’s not up for debate.” She looked at Kris and Sheryl. “If you get caught like this, you have very few options.” She pushed her head back and smashed it into Fox’s nose. “If you’re lucky he will put his face too close.” Fox didn’t let go. “If you’re not.” She let her body go limp, and Fox struggled to hold up her weight. He released her. She spun on the floor and kicked him in the nuts again. “Play dead, then strike! Biting also works, but I didn’t want to leave a scar.”
Fox hit the floor and didn’t get up this time.
“Sorry, Fox. You have to learn how to fight a woman.” She knelt down beside him but spoke to everyone. “The point is. This is not a match. This is not a fair fight. Don’t fight fair. If you fight fair, you will die, and so will Alex.”
Everyone went back to their sparring and Fawn held her hand out to Fox.
“Thanks for that. Not only did you kick my ass, you embarrassed me,” Fox said snidely.
“They aren’t the only ones who need to learn,” she admonished. “You will fight women at the tournament also. You have a weakness, Fox. Fix it.” She released his hand after he was on his feet, walked back to her spot, and took her stance again.
She didn’t give Fox a chance to even catch his breath before she hit him again, this time in the ribs. He angrily grabbed her wrist, so she spun underneath his arm and flipped him.
“Getting mad doesn’t help you. Stay focused and forget I’m a woman. I’m going to kill you. I’m going to kill Alex. I’m going to kill Ella.” Fawn almost cringed saying it, but Fox needed to understand. The kindhearted man had many weaknesses, and perhaps Ella was his greatest. At times she thought Fox spent more time with Ella than she did. He was, after all, her bodyguard.
Fox got up, and his anger subsided. He looked calm now, almost emotionless. Fawn struck at his left side, and he caught her wrist again. She tried to go under his arm to flip him, just like last time, but Fox countered by sticking his knee out. Fawns face smashed into it, and he flipped around behind her. He hit her in the small of the back, and the pain nearly floored her. She spun and kicked high in the air, aiming for his head, but Fox was ready for it. He hit her behind the knee which threw her off balance, and she came crashing down, flat on her back.
“Oh shit! That move is painful!” Fawn exclaimed while holding her back.
“That’s kind of the point,” he gloated. “Back, kidney, groin, neck. All weak points if you leave them exposed.”
Fawn got to her feet, still in pain but glad Fox was taking this seriously.
“Don’t go for the groin on a woman. It hurts but not quite like a man.” She circled around Fox, while giving him tips. “Women are less muscular. Ribs and stomach, much less muscle than on a man. Meaning, it will hurt more.”
Fox faked at her shoulder, and she grabbed for his wrist. He retracted it before she made contact then kicked the inside of her thigh. She staggered, and Fox used two fingers bent at the knuckles and jabbed them into her ribs.
“Fuck! That one hurt!” she exclaimed and put her hand to her side. “I shouldn’t have told you that one.”
Fox circled around her, and she had an idea. She wasn’t about to lose. She wanted Fox to be good, but she wasn’t just going to let herself get beat up. Fox faked again, but she was ready for it. Instead of grabbing for his wrist, she went at him with her elbow out and hit him in the abdomen. When he tried to catch his breath, she slid behind him, brought her elbow up, then smashed it down between his shoulder blades. When he was low enough, she lept onto his back. She wrapped her legs around his neck then squeezed until Fox fell to the floor. When he tapped the floor to give up, she released her grip.
“I almost forgot. When I say, women are bottom-heavy. I mean, my legs are stronger than your arms. Never let a woman get her legs around you. Especially around your neck.” Fawn limped over, holding her side and held out her hand for Fox.
“I’d say it was a pretty good workout,” Fox said doubling over. He was trying to catch his breath, hold his groin, and relax his stomach all at the same time. She had beaten him up pretty good, but for a change, she was also bruised.
“Now remember those things. I don’t want to see you getting beat up by a woman again,” she said with a laugh. “I need a fucking bath, and I’m going to be bruised for days.”
“Night Fawn,” Fox said. “Tell Alex, I’m sorry.”
“What for?” Fawn asked as she continued toward the door.
“If he had plans for tonight, I think I just ruined them,” he replied with a laugh.
“Don’t worry about it. I’ve been stabbed, cut and bruised much worse than this and still managed to give Alex a night to remember.” She winked at Fox then left.

Chapter 3
Fawn limped toward the bed in her burgundy, spaghetti strap nightgown and slowly slid in beside Alex, who was deep in thought. She sighed loudly as she pulled the covers up to her neck then realized Alex wasn’t paying attention. It had been a ploy to get him to ask what was wrong so she could make him kiss the bruises, but something else was on his mind tonight.
“What’s wrong?” Fawn asked, concerned.
“I’m worried about your plan,” Alex mused. “And yes, I caught the sigh.” He turned and smiled at her. In return, he got a timid look.
“You worry about king things, and I’ll worry about queen things,” she teased.
How had this become normal for her? Just two years ago, she would have taken one look at this life and wanted no part of it. She had never felt so happy and so loved. Perhaps she hadn’t dared to dream this life was possible, or maybe she had just been too stupid to realize how good it could feel.
“We have two days then…” he didn’t want to finish.
“Worry about tomorrow. We have to meet Jessup tomorrow. Worry about how to fix the kingdom. You let me worry about Fox and his women.” She said this with a smirk which put Alex at ease.
“Maybe I should start getting bruised,” he said as he pulled the covers down then slid his hand up the side of Fawn’s nightgown.
“Nah,” she rebuked. “I don’t need an excuse to kiss you.” She cringed as his hand brushed across her ribs. “I’m starting to worry. You spend all day around the pretty help. When are you going to get tired of boring old me? I put on weight, and my boobs are starting to sag. All the pretty girls who help Mary cook must be quite tempting,” Fawn teased.
“Mary has girls helping her?” Alex asked with a laugh. He knew what Fawn was doing.
“You speak to them every day. I swear she has a different niece or granddaughter each time,” Fawn said.
“Ohhhh! Those girls!” he said, his grin growing wider. “I don’t even remember them.”
“You don’t remember any of them?” Fawn asked, her devious smile almost as wide as his.
“Well there was this one girl,” he said, looking at the ceiling.
“Tell me about her,” she said, still grinning.
“Oh man, she was hot! That long brown hair and those hips. Oh, you should have seen her ass. Damn was she built!” Alex looked at Fawn and lifted one eyebrow.
“You damn well better not be talking about Mary!” Fawn said angrily while sliding herself up to sit.
Alex pushed her down gently and slid her nightgown up so he could see her ribs.
“I think her name was Fawn. What I wouldn’t do to see her naked,” he teased while kissing his way to the bruise.
“Probably wouldn’t take much,” she gasped as Alex kissed her.
“I don’t know. I think she’s way out of my league,” he snickered. “You really took a beating tonight.” He reached the growing bruise and kissed all around it.
She gasped louder and gripped his hair.
“Fox…decided…he could hit a girl,” she said. She leaned her head back with her eyes closed, enjoying the feel of Alex’s lips on her skin.
“Good, because if you’re right…” he started, but she interrupted him.
“I’m right,” she said.
Alex didn’t argue. He kissed lower, and she giggled.
“Hey, I’m ticklish. He didn’t bruise down there,” she said.
He kissed lower until he reached her hip bone.
“How…about…here?” he asked between kisses.
“Well it does feel a little sore, but the problem is more to the left,” she snickered.
“Here?” he asked, kissing closer to her navel.
“A little lower,” she laughed then let out a moan as he kissed lower.
A loud knock came at the door. Alex lifted his head, and his frustration was clear.
“If we’re quiet, he’ll go away,” Alex whispered.
Fawn rolled her eyes then pulled her nightgown down angrily.
“No, he won’t. He’ll keep knocking until you answer,” Fawn stated. The frustration in her voice was evident.
“I’ll be back in five minutes. Don’t move a muscle. We haven’t spent any time alone in a couple weeks,” Alex said as he got up and found a shirt.
“It’s been over a month,” Fawn corrected.
“No wonder I’ve been in such a bad mood. I nearly snapped at Greg earlier, and I can’t even remember why.” Alex slid his pants on, then headed for the door. A loud knock echoed through the room once more. “I’m coming!” Alex said angrily. He turned back to Fawn. “See what I mean. We better get some time soon, or I might hurt someone.”
Fawn watched Alex walk out the door and greet his best friend, the captain of the guard, Gregory. Fawn let out a sigh of frustration as she saw the large, picturesque man usher her husband off to yet another pressing problem. Although most would consider him more attractive than Alex, even Fawn did at one point. This was no longer the case for her. His blond hair and blue eyes, coupled with his dashing smile and rugged looks made most women melt in his presence. The man was gorgeous, but Fawn no longer saw it. Standing next to Alex, Gregory could have been a street bum for all Fawn cared.
Fawn got up and made her way to her dresser. Alex wouldn’t be back in five minutes, he probably wouldn’t be back for an hour at least. This was their life now. If it wasn’t royal business, it was a crying baby. If it wasn’t a crying baby, it was Fox wanting her to go over security. They had very little time alone, except when they were sleeping.
Fawn put on her normal pajamas and slid back into bed. She thought about all the ways Alex might wake her up when he was back but doubted he would. Her husband would be worn out, and even though he might want to, he would be too tired. If Fawn could change one thing about this new, almost perfect life, some time alone with Alex was the only thing she didn’t have.

Chapter 4
Fawn woke as the sun was coming through the windows, and noticed Alex was already gone. He was a busy man and probably had a million things to do before their trip to see Jessup. She glanced at the crib and was struck with a sadness she couldn’t shake. It was like a piece of her was missing. It was the first time she’d gotten to sleep through the sunrise in months, and she hated it!
Fawn forced herself out of bed. She would be leaving with Alex in a little over an hour. She didn’t have time to lounge around in her pajamas. It was nice of Alex to let her sleep in, but she could think of many other things which would have been nicer.
She pushed the thoughts from her head as she walked to her closet then searched through her ‘queen clothes’. She would much rather wear her everyday clothes, but the citizens of Selenthal expected a certain level of dignity from their queen. If it wasn’t for her desire to support Alex, she might just call today a sick day and wander around the bedroom missing Ella. She was, after all, the queen. She could take a sick day if she wanted to, but she wouldn’t allow herself to do that today.
After getting dressed and a two-hour carriage ride, she stepped out at Jessup’s farm. She wore a stunning blue dress with long sleeves and a low neckline. Around her neck, she wore a pretty gold necklace with many sparkling jewels. These were, of course, fake but very convincing. Alex had picked it out for her, and even though she knew they weren’t real, it was her favorite necklace because it was from him.
Alex held her elbow as they walked up to the old farmhouse to make sure she didn’t fall in the mud. He had on a dashing blue jacket with shiny buttons and tails which went nearly to his ankles. He looked very much like the king he was.
Alex knocked on the door and waited.
“Come in,” they heard an old man say from the other side of the door, followed by a fit of coughing.
“I came as promised, Jessup,” Alex said after holding the door for Fawn.
“And you brought Queen Fawn,” the old man smiled from his bed. “Always a brighter day when you come around.” He covered his mouth and coughed again.
“You are too kind Jessup. I’ve missed you at the council meetings,” Fawn said politely.
“Did you bring them?” Jessup asked Alex.
“Yes, I said I would. Don’t you trust me?” Alex asked with a grin.
“Of course, I trust you. You remind me so much of your father,” Jessup mused then broke into a coughing fit.
“You sure there isn’t something you haven’t tried yet?” Fawn begged and knelt beside him.
“I’ve tried it all dear. I’m ninety-six. I’m just old,” he replied with a smile. He turned to Alex. “How’s George making out at the meetings?”
“Your son is getting the hang of it, but he’s not you,” Alex replied solemnly.
A tall, thin man walked in the door and stopped. He looked around nervously then knelt.
“My king, pleasure to have you in our home,” George said with his eyes to the floor.
Alex turned to Jessup.
“Think you can teach him to stop doing that?” Alex asked with a chuckle.
“George, don’t you know it’s impolite to disobey your king. He wants to be called Alex, unless we’re meeting other royals,” Jessup snapped then started coughing loudly.
George got to his feet and towered over them. He had to have been at least six foot six and as thin as a pole.
“I’m sorry, Alex. You just looked so fancy…and Queen Fawn. I’ve never seen such a magnificent sight,” he said with a bow.
“I don’t know about that. I’m sure if Cathy was in this room, you’d be singing a different tune,” she smirked.
George’s face went red.
“I brought a gift for you,” Alex said, to hopefully give George a helping hand.
“What kind of gift?” George asked and looked at him appreciatively.
“Follow me,” Alex replied, then headed out the door and toward the carriage.
“We’ll be back next week to visit,” Fawn said kindly while patting Jessup’s hand.
“The tournament is in a few days. I’m sure you’ll be far too busy to visit an old man,” Jessup replied.
“Never too busy for you,” Fawn said then followed George and Alex to the carriage.
Alex opened the door, and George’s face was covered with a mixture of shock and confusion as he stared at six cages with one chicken in each.
“Why chickens? We grow grain here,” George asked.
Fawn walked up beside him and kindly put her arm through George’s.
“We need more chicken farmers. We have tons of grain. Your father suggested that you would make a great chicken farmer and we agreed.” Fawn smiled up at George, and his mood changed.
“I have no idea how to raise chickens, and those four hens and two roosters would cost me a month of grain. I can’t,” George said.
“We’re not selling them to you,” Alex countered.
“And I’m sure Cathy would be glad to teach you how to raise chickens,” Fawn added, raising her eyebrows.
George blushed again then stared sternly at Alex.
“I want to become a guard. Chicken’s take too much time,” George argued. He wasn’t giving up despite Fawn’s tempting suggestion, or maybe because of it.
“George, we have plenty of guards. We need council members…and chicken farmers. You can pay us back in eggs,” Alex laughed.
George’s stark expression cracked, and a hint of a smile started. He turned to Fawn.
“You sure Cathy wouldn’t mind teaching me?” George asked timidly.
“It was her idea,” Fawn winked.
George’s face turned a darker shade of red.
“Ok, I’ll give it a shot,” George conceded.
“Great!” Alex exclaimed. “One new council member and one new chicken farmer. I’d say today has already been very productive, and it’s not even lunchtime yet.”
Fawn released George’s arm and got into the carriage while Alex helped him unload the cages. She hated wearing ‘queen clothes’. She would have much rather helped unload the cages, but not in these clothes. Despite her aversion to ‘queen clothes’ it was important in situations like this to look and act like a queen. Mostly important to Alex, but that was enough to make it important to her.
After unloading the cages, Alex sat down beside her, and they took off toward the castle.
“You know why Jessup wanted us to turn George into a chicken farmer, don’t you?’ Fawn asked. She put her hand on Alex’s arm.
“Sometimes I think you forget who you’re talking to.” Alex eyed her reproachfully then smiled. “We don’t need chicken farmers.”
Fawn laughed then put her head on his shoulder.
“You’re right. I sometimes forget I married such a brilliant man.” She snuggled closer to him while he put his arm around her. “I can’t blame Jessup. George is about as clumsy and shy as you are. I doubt he is quite as brilliant as you, but I also think Cathy would prefer him anyway.” She leaned against Alex for a few minutes, enjoying the closeness then she had a devious idea.
“Carriages are noisy and bumpy. I doubt the driver would even notice. We could…” she sat up and stared at Alex, who was sound asleep. She laid her head back on his shoulder and sighed. She had no idea what time Alex had finally come to bed. Because after about twenty minutes she had fallen asleep. Laying on him would have to be good enough for now. Perhaps later he might have some free time.

Chapter 5
When they finally arrived back at the castle, Alex was woken by Fox rushing into the carriage.
“Guests are arriving early!” he exclaimed.
Fawn patted Alex on the arm, and he groaned, not wanting to let his wife go. He actually missed her. They were both strung out and overwhelmed with their new duties and new daughter. What Alex wouldn’t give for one day alone with his wife.
“Sorry, dear. It’s my turn to be busy,” she said with a smile then followed Fox.
Fawn struggled to keep up with Fox as he walked briskly to the castle’s main door. Normally, she would have had no trouble at all but her dress, although beautiful, was not made for walking around and especially not this fast.
When Fox finally stopped, Fawn stared at the room full of people. There had to be at least twenty people. Fox then ushered her to them, one at a time, and introduced them all. Finally, as she felt she had shaken enough hands to last her a lifetime they reached the only two people she had actually been interested in meeting. Well, not meeting but having Fox meet.
“My queen. This is Silyna and her apprentice…what was your name again?” Fox asked embarrassed.
“Zhara,” the dark-skinned woman replied with annoyance. She was a smaller woman than Silyna. She was about Fawn’s height and size, perhaps a little thinner. She had her hair tied back, and her disheveled clothes led Fawn to believe Zhara had been the one carrying all their belongings.
“Yes, sorry. Miss Zhara. I’ve met almost twenty people, and your name just vanished from my brain,” Fox laughed, trying to cover up his embarrassment.
“I noticed you remembered mine,” Silyna said flirtatiously. She was a large woman, almost Fox’s height but sturdier. She was as muscular as most men and not interested in hiding it. Her long golden blond hair was pushed across one shoulder. Her outfit was more revealing than the other guests, but this was likely because she had been raised in the snow. The beginning of spring in Selenthal felt like a warm summer day to her.
“They come from the north. The first two contestants,” Fox replied, moving closer to Fawn.
“The contestant rooms are in the old servant’s quarters,” Fawn said, pointing to the east door. “The courtyard is open for practice. Fox will show you around.” Fawn was amused at how Silyna barely looked at her. She had her sights set on Fox, and he wasn’t getting away.
“I’ll show you ladies to your quarters,” Fox said with a gulp. He started toward the door slowly, but Silyna was at his side in seconds. He couldn’t help but notice Silyna’s ample cleavage, mostly because she was constantly pushing herself closer to him every time he moved. Fawn almost laughed at the lack of subtlety Silyna possessed. She half expected Silyna to push Fox’s face between her breasts if he didn’t pay her a compliment soon.
“What do you think of my outfit?” Silyna asked. She had given up waiting on Fox. She would force a compliment out of him.
Fox stopped and looked at her strangely attractive outfit. It appeared to be made of one long strap of leather. A strap which circled her arms, then barely covered her breasts before it wound its way down to her legs. The surprising amount of skin made Fox’s face turn pink. He wondered how it stayed in place. Was it just one strap or more than one? How securely was it attached to her? If she moved the wrong way, would it just fall?
“I must say, I’ve never seen anything quite like it,” he replied.
Silyna put her arm through Fox’s and pushed him toward the door. Fox looked like he was being kidnapped. He was stiff as a board and kept looking to Fawn for help.
Zhara huffed, rolled her eyes then picked up both sets of bags.
“Don’t worry. I’ve got the bags. No, no, I’ve got these. No need to help.” She tossed one over each shoulder then followed behind them begrudgingly.
“I look forward to seeing you fight,” Fawn said slyly to Zhara.
Zhara huffed again, said a few obscenities under her breath, then continued on.
“She looks promising,” Alex said from behind Fawn, but she wasn’t startled. She had known he was there. The smell of his soap, the sound of his breath, and she could almost feel his eyes watching her.
“Which one?” Fawn smirked as she turned to Alex.
“Which one are you betting on?” Alex asked.
“That’s a secret. I want to see if you can pick the right one,” Fawn said with a laugh.
“My bet is on Silyna. Fox is so preoccupied. It might take someone like her to rescue him from himself.” Alex crossed his arms and looked at his wife full of confidence. She just stared up at him. He suddenly looked very self-conscious and decided to change his answer. “But Zhara is more his type. She’s reserved and a little snarky. I could see Fox falling for her.”
“Is that your pick then?” Fawn ran her finger across his cheek as she turned to greet more guests.
“Wait. Which one is it? You really aren’t going to tell me?” Alex asked as he chased Fawn down, but she ignored him playfully.

Chapter 6
“We have to share a room?!” Silyna complained.
“I’m very sorry, but we’re overbooked,” Fox groveled.
“It’ll be fine Mistress,” Zhara said as she tossed the bags onto the far bed.
“We travel all this way, and we have to share?” Silyna went on. She looked around the room then noticed the tub. “And this is your idea of a tub?”
“I’m really sorry,” Fox replied. “We just had too many royals attending. We had no idea we would get so many people.”
“It’s fine, Fox,” Zhara assured him. “She’s always like this.” Zhara turned to speak to Silyna. “It’s not like we had to pay an entrance fee. We’re basically getting free room and board.” She turned back to Fox. “We do get free food, right?”
“You can have as much food as you like,” Fox said with a gracious smile.
“See?” Zhara asked Silyna. “Free food, free room. What’s not to like?”
Silyna turned and eyed Fox like a piece of candy.
“There’s no…privacy,” she said as she lifted one eyebrow.
Suddenly Fox was very grateful they had to share a room. He doubted he would have made it out if Silyna had been by herself. Not that he would have minded. She was incredibly attractive, just a little too forward for his taste. He eyed Zhara as the two spoke.
“Which bed do you want?” Zhara asked.
Fox noticed how gracefully Zhara moved compared to Silyna. Silyna was a powerful woman, a warrior who could probably take on anyone head to head but Zhara was just as dangerous. He saw the way she held herself and wondered if Zhara was picturing all the ways she could kill her self-absorbed mistress.
“I want neither, but if I have to choose one I’ll take that one,” Silyna pointed at the bed closer to the door, the one which appeared slightly larger due to Zhara covering the other with their belongings.
Fox watched Silyna move toward the bed she had picked and was once again taken in by her shapely figure. Her pearl white skin and luxurious blonde hair were very appealing. For a moment he almost wished she’d had her own room. It wouldn’t be so bad being abducted and ravaged by this woman. In fact, it would probably be quite enjoyable.
“As you wish, mistress,” Zhara said as she winked at Fox.
Fox realized what she was doing. She had maneuvered Silyna into taking the bed by the door. This woman was very mysterious and acted a lot like Fawn. He watched her as the two woman passed each other. Zhara’s dark skin was a sharp contrast to Silyna, as was her dark hair. The two women couldn’t have been more different, but Fox found himself wanting each of them. Though his attraction to Zhara was because of the way she handled herself and Silyna’s despite it. Zhara was cunning and graceful but reserved. Silyna was blunt and forward. Silyna probably would have ravaged him if they had been alone. While Zhara was not the type of woman to ravage a man. She would instead convince him that it was all his idea.
“If you need anything, just ask one of the guards to find me. I’ll be around,” Fox said then turned to the door.
“Are there any rules about contestants fraternizing?” Silyna asked with a grin.
“Not that I know of,” Fox replied before he caught the look on her face.
“Night, Fox. I’ll try to keep my mistress busy tonight. Tomorrow you’re on your own,” she replied with a wink.
“Night ladies,” Fox said with a bow then left.
When Silyna was sure he had gone, she turned to Zhara angrily.
“What the hell was that?!” Silyna yelled.
“I was trying to help you. Quit trying so hard. Can’t you see you’re making him uncomfortable?” Zhara replied.
“That’s the point. He needs to dream about me. You made me out to be an oversexed hussy.” Silyna stomped over to Zhara angrily then rethought her actions. Although Zhara was her apprentice, it was in name only. She very much doubted she could take the woman. Something about Zhara made her wary. Although the two had never seriously fought, Silyna got the distinct impression that Zhara was holding back in their training sessions.
“He’s a nice guy. Just be kind to him. A little flirtation goes a long way. You were practically flashing him your tits.” Zhara ignored the large woman’s threatening pose and started unpacking her bags.
“I was not!” Silyna argued. She turned and headed for her own pack. Something told her Zhara wasn’t afraid of her. It was unnerving.
“Tomorrow, just ask him out to dinner or something. Start small,” Zhara said while she folded her clothes neatly and put them in the dresser beside her bed.
“I think I know how to get a man,” Silyna countered. She grabbed all her clothes and shoved them in a drawer then flopped on the bed. “I think I will ask him to dinner,” she mused. “Think you could be scarce tomorrow night?”
“Again. Take it slow. You want him on the hook. Make him want you first. Don’t sleep with him on the first date.” Zhara barely looked at Silyna who was eyeing her vindictively.
“What would you do then?” Silyna asked. She propped her head up on her arm and stared.
Zhara finished with her clothes and stood up straight to address her mistress.
“Let him order the food. In fact, ask him if he will. Men like that. Tell him you don’t know what is good here because you are from so far away. Let him show off.” Zhara saw the look of disbelief on Silyna’s face, so she crossed her arms and glared. “You want my help or not?”
“Fine. What else?” Silyna asked.
“Do what he wants to do. Don’t be so forceful. In the bedroom, that’s a different story,” Zhara winked.
Silyna smiled, and Zhara realized she had misspoken.
“I don’t mean sleep with him right away, sheesh.” Zhara threw up her hands and eased her way on to her bed.
“Did you see him? Are you blind? He’s gorgeous.” Silyna smirked and looked at Zhara. “This job will be rewarding on so many levels.”
“Yes, I saw him. He’s ok,” Zhara lied. She wasn’t about to admit that the man was incredibly handsome, and especially not to Silyna.
“So, how long do I have to wait?” Silyna asked.
“Wait for what?” Zhara asked as she stared at the ceiling. She was imagining fighting Fox then Fox grabbing her and kissing her. He was, after all, gorgeous, just like Silyna had said.
“To get him in bed,” Silyna said with a smile.
“Sheesh, is that all you think about?” Zhara asked with a little guilt. To be fair, it was all she could think about too. She had spent the last few months with Silyna and only Silyna. It was no wonder Silyna was acting this way. She was being paid to seduce a fine specimen of a man. Why wouldn’t she want to sleep with him?
“Well?” Silyna asked again, more forcefully.
“I’d say, third date,” Zhara said. Truthfully, it depended on the man and the situation. How could she explain it to Silyna? She felt guilty again. Was she just trying to keep Silyna from sleeping with him? Maybe a little.
“Well, shit. Fine! I’ll just have to be patient.” Silyna rolled onto her back and stared at the ceiling.
They laid there for a while just thinking until Silyna broke the silence.
“You’re right. I suck at this. I’m used to men throwing themselves at me. This one acts like I’m not even there. Will you help me?” she asked.
Zhara groaned quietly then rolled over to face her mistress.
“I’ll help you on one condition.” She waited for Silyna to ask.
“Ok, what’s the condition?” Silyna asked.
“You have to listen to every word I say. Don’t go making stuff up, and quit suffocating him.” She rolled over onto her back then realized she had forgotten something. She quickly rolled back to face her mistress. “Ok, so that’s more than one condition…and I get to choose your clothes.”
“Deal,” Silyna relented. “Just make sure he wants me.”
“If you listen to me he won’t be able to keep his hands off you,” Zhara smiled cunningly then rolled onto her back once more.
Zhara didn’t like the idea of helping Silyna. She really wanted the job of seducing Fox, but she had another job to do. A job very different from Silyna’s and from a different boss. In fact, it was the whole reason she was with Silyna. She didn’t have time to waste on a man, no matter how amazing he looked.

Chapter 7
Over the next two days, contestants and royals streamed in until it seemed like there was not a single empty room. This new influx of guests kept Fawn running constantly and Alex busy meeting with royals. As the opening event drew near Alex and Fawn sat down at their table, the first time they’d even seen each other awake aside from longing glances across crowded rooms in days.
“How is the tournament shaping up?” Alex asked.
“I think it will be a hit,” Fawn replied.
“It was a very good idea. I’m just sorry we had to use all your savings to pay for it,” Alex said guiltily.
“Our money,” she scolded. “And what am I going to do with it? I’d just blow it on silly outfits for Ella. I’m retired. What do I need money for?” Fawn asked with a smile.
Fox came rushing up.
“It’s about to start. Are you ready?” he asked, staring at Alex. The man looked like he might have a heart attack.
“Calm down, Fox. Everything’s going fine,” Alex said as he stood.
He walked to the edge of the arena and adjusted his crown. He hated wearing it, but royals were expecting King Alexander Kurts, not Alex, the husband of Fawn and father of Ella. He needed to look the part.
His lavish white coat was over the top, and his pants felt stiff and unmoving as he stood, waiting for the gong to get everyone’s attention. When Fox signaled, a loud gong sounded through the arena. Everyone in the stands got quiet.
“Thank you all for coming to the first annual Tournament of Selenthal!” he said loudly. “The rooms are free but remember to tip your wait staff,” he laughed, and many people chuckled. “Also would the owner of the speckled stallion please make it quit eating my wife’s roses?” This provided another round of laughter. “Seriously though, I would like to thank all the people fighting. A portion of all the money collected from the food and drink will go toward the winner. Right now we have…” he looked to Fawn. She mouthed one thousand forty-six. “A little over one thousand silver for the winner. For those of you not good at math, that’s ten gold.” There was another round of laughter. “This is day one, the pot will only grow, so please. Drink up!!” He lifted his cup of wine, and everyone cheered.
The man at the gong rung it again loudly, and everyone quieted again.
“This tournament is double elimination, and no weapons are allowed. Our first two contestants are Silyna from the snowy north.” The crowd cheered as Silyna stepped out of her side of the arena. “And…” He bent over, and Fawn whispered in his ear. “Nagasha. I hope I said your name right.” The crowd cheered again, and a huge man, larger than Gregory stepped out of the opposite side.
“Knock out or three count, and you lose the match. Fighters…To Battle!” Alex yelled, and the crowd roared.
Silyna walked slowly toward the huge man. He looked mean. He wore no shirt and only a pair of short pants which were worn and stained. His curly beard was a mix of reds and browns, and his head was shaved. When she was ten feet from him, she held out her fist. He politely held his out and strode forward. When their fists met, the gong went off again.
Nagasha backed away and held up his fists. Silyna did the same except her stance looked more relaxed. He may have been a large man, but he didn’t look like he knew what he was doing. The giant lunged at Silyna, and she skillfully dodged then slapped him on the ass.
“Have to do better than that, big guy,” she teased.
The crowd cheered and laughed.
He turned and growled then lunged again, trying to catch her in his large arms. She ducked underneath then kicked him in the calf. The giant fell to one knee, and she bashed him in the shoulder blade with her elbow. He dipped then swung his arm widely, which Silyna also skillfully dodged, then he was back on his feet. This wasn’t going to be easy. He was very large and very tough.
He rushed her again, but this time he adjusted his angle and caught her around the shoulders. He lifted her up in the air and squeezed. For a minute, she looked panicked as she stared down at him then she kissed him on the lips. He dropped her, unsure what had just happened and she punched him squarely in the jaw. The giant fell back in the sand. He was out cold.
The crowd went crazy, and Alex struggled to shout over them then the gong went off two times.
“With an unconventional move. Silyna is the winner!” Alex shouted, and the crowd went nuts again.
As Alex sat down a short, stout man with fancy clothes came up to their table. He looked furious.
“That move was illegal!” the man shouted.
“There are no rules against kissing,” Alex laughed. “I thought it was funny. It’s not like she took her top off.”
“Fine!” the man said, then stormed off.
“Men and women fighting. I think we’re going to get a lot of new and unusual complaints,” Fawn laughed.
“I didn’t expect her to kiss him,” Alex added then took a drink of his wine.
“Not too much, dear,” Fawn said with a smile. “I don’t want you to pass out.”
“Ok, ok. I’ll slow down,” Alex said with a smile.
“I need to check on the kitchen, and stuff like that. Tell me how Fox does,” Fawn said as she stood.
“And I’ll pass on the next refill,” he winked at her, and she rewarded him with a coy smile, then she turned and left.
Fawn squeezed through the crowd and finally arrived in the kitchen. Mary, the castle cook, was flying around the kitchen yelling, cursing and slamming things down.
Mary Riemann was an older woman in her mid-seventies. Despite her age, she moved around the kitchen faster than most of the teenagers she had for assistants. The woman was taller than Fawn with short black hair. Although it was dyed, few people noticed, or perhaps they were just afraid to bring it up. Mary was a stubborn and aggressive woman who no one dared correct, no one except for Alex.
“I’m here, Mary,” Fawn said loudly.
Mary stopped, stared at Fawn, then motioned to a tray of empty drinking glasses.
“It’s about time! I thought I was going to have to send Cheryl out with the wine!” Mary snapped and turned back to the oven. She pulled it open then slammed it shut. “Where the hell are the rolls?!” she screamed, looking at Cheryl.
“I’ve almost finished them,” the young, strawberry blonde replied meekly.
Fawn grabbed a jug of wine and started pouring.
“My granddaughter thinks this is an art exhibit or something,” Mary said with a smirk directed at Fawn. Mary calmed down and addressed Cheryl kindly. “I’m sorry, dear. I don’t mean to snap, but we have to make five hundred of these. You have twenty.”
“I’m sorry, Grandma. I’m really not good at this kind of thing. I’m not sure why mom sent me here today.” The petite girl, who couldn’t have been more than seventeen, looked terrified and completely lost. Cheryl Riemann was a pretty young girl but completely out of her depth in the kitchen. Her long curly hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and she was covered with flour and drops of oil. She had smudged something across one cheek and looked completely pathetic. The amount of flour in her hair and on her body could probably have made at least one or two more rolls. “Well crap!” the young girl exclaimed as she dropped the roll she was working on, and it splatted on the floor.
“It’s because your mom knows, a good cook makes a good wife,” Mary explained while rolling her eyes.
Normally Fawn would have balked at this kind of remark, but it was Mary. Not only was Fawn a little afraid of contradicting Mary, Fawn also understood her. Mary was raised in a time when women cooked and cleaned for their husbands while the men worked. That simply wasn’t the case anymore, but Mary was old and stuck in her ways. Cheryl would probably end up with a job or maybe even running her parent's farm one day, but knowing how to cook wasn’t a bad thing. Sometimes Fawn wished she’d learned how to cook. Maybe she could surprise Alex with a lovely meal and guilt him into spending some time with her. But that was not her life. She could kill a man in under ten seconds, but the intricacies of making a chicken dinner eluded her.
Fawn’s elbow hit one of the glasses, and it spilled all over the counter.
“Fawn?! What the hell are you doing?!” Mary exclaimed and rushed over with a towel to stop the wine from hitting the stove.
“I’m sorry, Mary. I’m just a little distracted. Alex…” Fawn started.
“Say no more. Men!” Mary chuckled.
“No, no, he didn’t do anything wrong,” Fawn argued.
“Problems in the bedroom?” Mary asked inquisitively.
“Not exactly,” Fawn winced. “We haven’t had any alone time in a month. So, I guess nothing could be a problem.”
“Although I can’t say we ever went that long, Gene and I had our dry spells,” Mary said with a chuckle as she wiped up the last of the spilled wine.
“He passed five years ago. Are you telling me you were ‘active’ until the end?” Fawn asked, a little shocked and a little envious.
“Gene died in a freak accident. He was healthy as well…as healthy as a horse,” Mary laughed.
Fawn understood the joke but was surprised at it coming from Mary. Gene had been the castle stable master. He had died in a freak barn fire while trying to save the horses. Something Fawn suspected was caused by the man who wanted Alex dead, but she never told Mary. Mary was finally at peace with her husband’s death. There was no need to let her know that it was anything but a freak accident.
“In fact, we had some ‘alone’ time the night the fire took him,” Mary said with a smirk, emphasizing the word.
“Grandma!” Cheryl objected.
“What?! You’ll be lucky if you find a man half as energetic and interested as your grandfather. Trust me. You’ll see in a few years,” Mary admonished. “I was lucky. Just like Fawn. Pray you find a man like Alex or Grandpa.”
“I don’t know if I’m so lucky. All these pretty girls around the castle. Maybe Alex isn’t that interested after all. It’s been a month,” Fawn complained.
Mary laughed loudly.
“You’re telling me you don’t see him watching you? The man can’t take his eyes off you. These girls might as well be goats wandering around the castle, for all he cares. Believe me, the problem isn’t interest. He’s just busy,” Mary scolded.
“You’re probably right,” Fawn replied reluctantly.
“I’m right, Fawn. Don’t doubt it for a second. I’ve never seen a man so smitten, except for Gene,” Mary smiled.
Fawn smiled warmly at Mary. For such a strict, forceful woman, she could be very kind when she wanted to. Fawn felt better after talking about it. Mary was right. Alex had never shown any interest in the girls around the castle. His eyes were on her the moment she entered the room, until the moment she left. She was worrying for no reason.
With renewed hope, she grabbed the tray of glasses and headed out. When she was nearly at the door, she tripped on a rag and almost toppled the tray. Luckily, she balanced herself as well as the tray, and none of them spilled.
“You would think you, of all people, would be better at balancing glasses,” Mary said with a grin. Cheryl looked at her grandmother, then at Fawn with confusion. Mary knew all about Raven, but Cheryl had no clue.
“Balancing glasses isn’t quite what I’m used to,” Fawn replied with a wink then left the kitchen.
After a few more matches, it was time for Fox to enter the arena. Alex had made good on his promise. He had passed on the wine and drank water. He wasn’t about to get drunk and pass out. Tonight would be the first time they would get to be alone and awake since the guests started arriving. Unless some new emergency came up.
Across the stands, Fawn helped with passing out drinks and other snacks while watching the crowd closely. She hadn’t seen anyone suspicious, but whoever wanted Alex dead must have been in the crowd. How was she going to get this person to reveal themselves?
Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed an older, thin man talking to Zhara. She needed to get close. She knew Zhara was an assassin and this man might be the one paying her.
Fawn made her way through the crowd, and when she was close enough, she fiddled with her tray and waited.
“Not tonight?” Zhara asked.
“No, to conspicuous. Wait a day or so. Let them relax,” the man said.
Fawn had no idea who the man was. She got a little closer as the crowd cheered, so she could hear the conversation more clearly.
“Where should I do it?” Zhara asked.
The crowd roared. Apparently Fox had just won.
“Really?” Zhara asked.
She had missed the important part of the conversation. Where Zhara was going to try to kill Alex.
The man stood up and headed toward the other side while Zhara made her way up front.
“Next up, Zhara!” Alex yelled, and the crowd cheered. “She comes from the island kingdom of Morletha.” The crowd cheered again loudly.
Fawn made her way back to the kitchen, disappointed. She had missed where the assassination attempt was going to occur. At least she had some time. She would try again.
“And Zhara’s opponent. The Red Assassin!” Alex yelled, and the crowd just started mumbling to themselves. “He hails from the desert kingdom of Baltesh!”
Down in the arena, Zhara walked out of her door and adjusted her wrist straps. She’d never heard of this ‘Red Assassin’ and she thought she knew all the assassin names. Perhaps someone was trying to hide their assassin name to keep their opponents from knowing who he really was.
“Zhara is a master of over a hundred combat styles!” Alex yelled, and the crowd cheered while Zhara held out her hands.
After a few moments, The Red Assassin walked out of his door. His face and every part of his body except for his eyes, was covered in red fabric. He didn’t look too large. His chest was wide and his arms decently sized, but he was an assassin, he didn’t need to be big to be deadly.
“The Red Assassin wishes to keep his real name a secret to protect himself and everyone here!” Alex shouted, and the crowd murmured. “He is rumored to have killed nearly a hundred men in his career before he retired, and doesn’t wish for anyone to get caught in the crossfire!” Again the crowd was mostly silent, apart from quiet murmuring.
The Red Assassin walked forward gracefully and held out his fist. Zhara walked to the center apprehensively and held out her fist. She had no idea how to fight this man. Was he really an assassin like she was, or was it just a clever gimmick? Nothing about how he moved gave her any clues. If he was an assassin, he might very well have been the best one she’d ever met. Not giving away a single clue took a tremendous amount of concentration and effort.
When their fists touched, the gong went off, and Zhara took her stance. Strangely, the Red Assassin didn’t. He put his hands to his sides and waited.
Zhara came in cautiously at first, hoping the man would give her some sign of what to expect but he still didn’t move. She flipped, trying to kick him in the face or at least get him to move, but he held his ground and barely moved his head back as her kick whizzed by his face. She grew impatient and threw a punch aimed at his head. He moved his head to the side then stuck out his hand and tapped her right between the eyes. It startled Zhara and made her back away, but it was just a tap, maybe a test to see how she reacted.
Zhara eased closer once more, but the Red Assassin still didn’t take up a fighting stance. He just stood there unmoving, uncaring. She swung widely to catch his attention. As he ducked she tried to catch him with her knee, but he gracefully pushed it away, dropped to the floor and tripped her. Before she registered his movements, the man was on his feet beside her as she lay on the ground. Why didn’t he take his advantage and finish her off?
She got to her feet, while the Red Assassin walked away with his back turned. He didn’t seem nervous or even worked up. Zhara had been right, this man was the best assassin, no, the best fighter she had ever seen.
Zhara lunged at him, trying to catch him off-guard but the Red Assassin knew she was coming. When she tried to hit him in the kidney, he spun and hit her full force, between the eyes.
The unmistakable taste of metal filled her mouth. Zhara thought someone was dimming the torches until she realized it was just her vision, then the arena went black. Before anyone realized what had happened, Zhara fell to the ground, out cold.
The silence from the crowd slowly built to a roar, then the gong rang out twice.
“The Red Assassin has won!” Alex yelled, and the crowd cheered.
The Red Assassin didn’t bow, he just turned and left, causing many in the crowd to whisper. Who was this man no one had ever heard of? Who was he really? Many people knew the names of famous assassins. There was Wolf and Stallion from Selenthal then there was Scorpion and Wasp from across the ocean in Morletha. Some even remembered Cat and the mysterious Raven, who had both just vanished, but no one had ever heard of The Red Assassin.
After the crowd’s mutterings died back down to a dull roar, Fawn slid her arm around Alex’s waist.
“Did you see that?” Alex asked.
“Yes, it was very impressive,” Fawn said uninterested. “How did Fox do? I was busy watching Zhara and some strange man.”
“You’re not interested in the assassin who took out Zhara with one strike?” Alex asked.
Fawn looked up at her husband with a kind smile.
“If the Red Assassin was the one sent to kill you, you’d already be dead,” she said then kissed him on the cheek.
“You know him?” Alex asked.
“I’ve heard of him,” Fawn said then returned to her previous question. “How did Fox do?”
“He took a few hits, but in the end, he won,” Alex replied.
“Did he fight a woman?” Fawn smirked.
“No, it was a fast guy who did flips and stuff,” Alex responded.
“Then he hasn’t really shown anything yet. Wait until he fights Zhara,” Fawn laughed.
“She got taken out in one strike. I don’t think Zhara will give Fox any problems,” Alex said with a smile.
“Don’t confuse her losing to The Red Assassin with her being weak. He’s just out of her league. She’s a very dangerous woman,” Fawn said seriously.
Alex looked at his wife and realized how serious she was.
“Good thing I have Raven watching over me,” he whispered.
“We barely see each other. I might not be there to protect you. You need to take this seriously, Alex. Someone is here to kill you. I think it’s Zhara, but something doesn’t feel right. There’s something I’m missing.” Fawn looked up at him, and he saw worry on her face. Fawn didn’t get worried, not about things like this.
“I’ll be more serious. I’m sorry,” Alex said somberly.
“Thank you. I just want you to be safe,” she added.
She turned and walked away, presumably to find out more of what was going on, and Alex was struck by how often he was without her. She may have been worried, but he wasn’t, he just missed her. He smiled at the vision of his lovely wife walking away. She was trying to scare him, but her efforts had backfired. He would never be worried while she was his wife. It didn’t matter if she was across the room or across the castle. If he needed her, really needed her, she would be there. Chances are, the person would probably never even get close to him. Fawn was always a step ahead.

Chapter 8
After the first day’s fights, Fox sat at a table eating his supper. He was tired. He’d had four fights that day. He had won, but it had taken a lot out of him. These fighters were good, and he still hadn’t even faced a woman. What if he had to face Silyna? What if it was Zhara? Zhara had lost her first bout but had won three more with ease. She was very good, better than Silyna, even though Silyna had won all of hers.
In all fairness, Zhara had only lost to The Red Assassin. A man who had taken out all of his opponents with one precise strike. The Red Assassin had also had four bouts today and won all of them in a matter of seconds. To be fair to Zhara, his fight with her had lasted the longest. This man was not someone to take lightly. If Fox got unlucky and was paired with him, he wasn’t sure he would win. The man was absolutely terrifying to watch. He was calm and sized up his opponents quickly.
Silyna sat down next to Fox then Zhara sat on the other side of him. This was uncomfortable for Fox on many levels.
“You did well today,” Silyna said, trying to tone back her flirtations. She had promised to listen to Zhara. She wore a modest blouse and a skirt which went to her knees. Not quite what she usually wore but it seemed to be getting Fox’s attention.
“Thanks, you did as well,” Fox replied kindly. He turned to Zhara. “Sorry you got paired with The Red Assassin so soon.”
“My ears are still ringing,” Zhara laughed, and Fox smiled at her.
“I could take him,” Silyna said, trying to regain Fox’s attention.
“I hope you’re right,” Fox replied. He knew it was just bluster. When it was her turn to face the man, she would lose. If he took out Zhara in one swift strike, Silyna didn’t stand a chance.
“What’s good here?” Silyna asked, leaning on her hand to get closer to him.
“You should try the pork special,” Fox said, leaning back a little. “It’s one of Mary’s best dishes, if you ask me. As long as they listened to her recipe.”
Zhara let out a small laugh, and Fox turned to her. Silyna sneered at Zhara.
“I’ll give it a try, but I’m not real fond of pork. Prefer fish. Island kingdom and all,” Zhara said then caught Silyna’s death stare. “What do you eat up north?” she asked Silyna, trying to get Fox’s focus back on to her mistress.
She wasn’t trying to steal Fox, he was just easy to talk to. Also, he was very good looking. It was hard not to talk to him, but she would try.
“We have fish up north but probably not the same fish,” Silyna started.
“What kind?” Fox asked, and Silyna’s face lit up.
“Our fish are huge. Bigger than a cow. One could last a family a week or two,” Silyna gushed. She enjoyed talking about her home.
“How do you prepare it?” Fox asked. He seemed genuinely interested.
“We put some spices on it then we fry it. I could explain it in more detail, but I’m sure you’re not that interested.” Silyna sat back and tried to give Fox some room. Zhara had been right. Fox was different than most of the men she’d met. He didn’t like pushy women, and he seemed interested in cooking. Silyna looked bored already.
“Yeah, I usually just put it on a stick and put it over an open fire,” Zhara said with a laugh.
“Not a cook?” Fox asked.
“No,” she said with another laugh. Silyna gave her another death stare. She’d done it again. “Well, I’m going to head back to the room,” she said as she got up.
“You haven’t eaten yet,” Fox complained.
“I’ll have some sent to my room. I’ll try the pork surprise,” she said with a laugh.
“Pork special,” he corrected.
“Right,” she said, then headed off.
Fox watched the beautiful island woman walk away and pondered his predicament. Why was Zhara so interesting to him? She didn’t cook, whereas he loved to cook. She was a little stand-offish, as well. Not that he was outgoing, but she seemed like she was in a hurry to leave. He turned to look at Silyna and suddenly realized why. Zhara was giving them time to talk. Fox’s stomach sank. It wasn’t that Silyna wasn’t gorgeous, he was just in the mood for friendly conversation, and Silyna always sounded like she was hitting on him. Even the way she talked about fish sounded like a proposition. Was it the tone of her voice or just the way she enunciated the words? Why was he so attracted to the woman who didn’t want him, when the woman who did was sitting right beside him?
After about ten minutes of Fox feeling like he was in a sparring match with words, the food finally arrived. Why did he always feel like he was dodging and weaving when Silyna spoke? Every word, every topic was a struggle. It wasn’t even that he didn’t like her. She was nice, when she wasn’t trying to do whatever it was she was doing. The words ‘pork special’ didn’t sound so sexual when they came out of anyone else’s mouth. Why did it sound dirty coming out of hers?
“This is very tasty,” Silyna said while wiping her mouth.
She was kind and polite, even funny at times, but something about her just put Fox off. He couldn’t put his finger on it, but something just seemed wrong.
“It’s one of my favorites,” Fox added.
“What are you doing after dinner?” Silyna asked.
“I have to make my rounds and check in with the guards for status reports, boring stuff,” Fox said, relieved he had a valid excuse to avoid being alone with this woman. He felt horribly guilty. She was beautiful and even a little interesting but there just wasn’t any spark. What was wrong with him? Was he an old man already? Not interested in a gorgeous woman like Silyna? Maybe he was sick or something.
“That’s ok. I need to rest. I might face ‘The Red Assassin’ tomorrow,” she smirked.
Something about the way she said the man’s name annoyed Fox. She sounded so confident about facing him, yet Zhara had been taken out in one punch. Did Silyna really not see that Zhara was a much better fighter? Was this why he was annoyed? Was it just because she was so arrogant? No, it wasn’t even her arrogance. He’d been interested in boisterous, arrogant women before, there was something else, but he was too tired to even give it much thought.
“I’d better head out. I’m pretty tired. Some of those guys were really good,” Fox said with a bow then headed out.
“Dinner tomorrow night?” Silyna asked, and he turned to answer.
“Sure. If I can walk after another day of this,” Fox laughed, and Silyna nodded with a smile on her face.
As soon as he was gone, her demeanor changed drastically. She got up from the table angrily and stormed back to her room. Once she was there, she threw the door open and glared at Zhara who was picking at the pork special.
She looked up at Silyna and didn’t recognize the anger at first.
“This isn’t very good. Fox’s taste is kind of strange, if you ask me. He should try some of your fish,” she said with a small laugh, then she caught the look on Silyna’s face.
“What the fuck was that?!” Silyna fumed and slammed the door behind her.
“What was what?” Zhara asked, bewildered.
“You took over the conversation. I’m the one who is supposed to be seducing him!” she yelled.
“Keep your voice down, or everyone will know it,” Zhara said quietly.
“Why couldn’t you just leave us alone? You didn’t have to sit right beside him either,” Silyna fumed, but quieter.
“I was hungry, and I wasn’t taking over any conversation. I was just talking to pass the time. Figured I could help you out,” Zhara said with a shrug.
“Well, quit. Help me figure out what to do but sit somewhere else when I’m with him,” Silyna said angrily.
Silyna was annoying Zhara, and she needed Silyna. She couldn’t tell her what was really on her mind. The frustration started to boil up inside her, and she knew it was best to go walk it off. Killing Silyna or even fighting her would blow her cover. She wasn’t Silyna’s friend and certainly not her apprentice, but everyone here needed to think she was.
“You know what? I didn’t do anything but try to help you. I’m going to go walk around and…and…cool off.” Zhara struggled to contain herself. She headed to the door, but Silyna stepped in her way.
“I’m talking to you. You don’t get to just leave!” Silyna was starting to yell again.
“Move Silyna,” Zhara said firmly while looking right into her eyes. Even the smug look on Silyna’s face might make her snap. She couldn’t take another second of this annoying woman.
Silyna got a little nervous. She had a funny feeling again. Like Zhara was holding back, only this time it seemed more serious. Silyna stepped out of the way, and Zhara walked by. She felt she needed to say something just to let Zhara know who the boss was.
“I’m going to dinner with him tomorrow. Just so you know,” she said angrily then sat on the bed.
Zhara walked out into the moonlight, happy to be out of the room. She breathed in the air and was pleasantly surprised at the temperature. It wasn’t exactly warm, like at home, but it was nice. Especially after spending time in Silyna’s home, where it snowed almost constantly. The air was a little damp, and she could hear the frogs chirping. It was calming.
She started toward the door leading out of the courtyard. The area around the castle would be less crowded, and she might get a little break from people for a while. Not that the courtyard was crowded. There were about ten people enjoying the evening and talking. She just wanted time alone. Time to think.
As she approached the door, someone slammed into her and knocked her to the ground. She cursed herself for not paying attention. People didn’t sneak up on her. She was an assassin. If any of her assassin friends saw her, they would never let her hear the end of it. The infamous Wasp, being knocked down by some buffoon running in a courtyard. Why was this situation with Silyna and Fox so frustrating to her? She lifted herself up and dusted herself off, then looked at what idiot had just slammed into her.
When she turned around, it was Fox who was brushing himself off, just like she was. He looked into her eyes and just stared for a moment, unsure of what to say. Why was he so damned attractive? He was Silyna’s job, not hers. Also, this kind of entanglement always spelled trouble. The tension built until she couldn’t take it any longer. If someone didn’t say something soon, she might just kiss him.
“What’s going on?” she asked, pushing back her desire. Surely Fox had a good reason for running into her. It was Fox, not some stupid kid.
“I’m sorry, Zhara. I was watching the rooftop and didn’t see you. I could have sworn I saw a man up there sneaking around,” Fox said.
Zhara turned and looked around the rooftops of the courtyard.
“Why were you running then?” Zhara asked, still searching the rooftops. She caught a glimpse of someone and decided not to tell Fox. She recognized the way the man moved. She would confront him first then tell Fox if it was something to worry about. Wait? Tell Fox? Had she really just considered telling Fox? She was an assassin. Why would she tell Fox anything? Arg! The man was so frustrating!
“I was trying to catch up to him,” Fox explained. “I swear I saw a man up there.” He looked around but didn’t catch what Zhara had seen. The form that was all too familiar to her.
“Well, watch where you’re going next time,” she said with a smile then headed off.
“Sorry, again,” Fox apologized. He watched Zhara walk away. How was Silyna annoying and Zhara pleasant? She hadn’t said much to him and seemed uninterested, to say the least. Why did his heart start racing every time she looked at him?
He spoke quietly to himself as he walked away, still looking at the rooftops.
“You would pick the one not interested in you. Are you trying to sabotage yourself? Of course, you would pick her. You want to end up alone.” He shook his head as he walked on. Frustrating and uninterested, sometimes even unavailable. That was the perfect woman for him. He laughed quietly to himself. Of course, he’d like Zhara she was just the type of woman he always ended up liking. The ones he couldn’t have.

Chapter 9
The stealthy assassin snuck over the rooftops. He peered down once again. He’d lost Fox. How had he been so careless? It was a rookie mistake, and he was no rookie. Loose shingles. He should have seen them. He was just a little distracted. This was a big job. His mark was very important, and so was the man who had hired him. If he messed this up, it would mean his death for sure.
The assassin froze. Someone was following him. He listened closely. He slid down against the roof and waited. She was close. He knew it was a she by the footsteps. She wasn’t very heavy, and she was very good, just not as good as he was. He heard her gate and relaxed.
“Hello, Wasp,” he said as he stood up.
“Scorpion,” she said respectfully.
“Nice outfit,” he said as he pulled his hood back to reveal his face. He had the same skin tone as Zhara, the same eyes, nearly the same facial shape, and his hair even seemed to match hers, only it was much shorter. He was a muscular man, slightly bigger than Fox, but not by much. He didn’t look very ominous but, in this case, looks were deceiving. He was one of the deadliest assassins in the world. People in this part of the world had barely heard of him, but the point was, they had heard of him. Someone from across the ocean was in a list that included Wolf, Raven, Stallion, and Cat. That was saying something.
“I don’t need a disguise. It’s not that kind of job,” Zhara answered.
“What kind is it?” Scorpion asked.
“You’re going to tell me yours?” she asked slyly.
“Good point,” he replied.
“It’s not Sebastian Fox, is it?” she asked, then regretted the question immediately. Why did she care?
“No, it’s not him, but that’s all I’m saying,” he smirked.
“Good, cause he’s part of my plan,” Zhara lied. She didn’t want her slip up to make Scorpion suspicious. She couldn’t tell him the real reason for her question. She wasn’t even sure if she knew the real reason. Why did it matter so much to her that it wasn’t Fox? Fox being distracted or dead. It really made no difference to her boss, only to Silyna’s. Her boss would still get the result he wanted. The sense of relief she felt when Scorpion said no was very confusing.
“I won’t pry, just stay out of my way,” he warned.
“And you stay out of mine,” Zhara replied. Hers was a bluff, his was not. She seriously doubted she could take Scorpion. In fact, she knew she couldn’t. Fox was impressive, but Scorpion was deadly in a way that made Fox look like a novice.
She watched Scorpion slip away and vanish, then made her way back to the outside of the courtyard. At least Fox hadn’t seen her up there. She slapped herself in the head. Why did it matter? What the hell was wrong with her?
She quietly slipped back inside the courtyard and was soon in her room. Where she was free to be confused and frustrated by Sebastian Fox with only a snoring Silyna to bother her.

Chapter 10
The next day Alex stood in front of the crowd at the arena once more. He was cranky and tired. He had waited up until after midnight for Fawn to come to bed but, in the end, he had fallen asleep. He knew her work was important. She was, after all, protecting his life as well as Ella’s. It was just that he missed her. They had barely spoken the day before and today was turning out to be worse.
A smile filled his face as he caught a glimpse of Fawn handing out drinks across the crowded stands. She stopped and smiled back at him before heading out of the room, presumably to get more drinks.
“As I was saying.” Alex addressed the crowd again. The sight of his beautiful wife had made him lose his train of thought. “Today will be the last day for many of our contestants. As with all contests, someone has to lose for someone to win.” The crown laughed quietly.
“Our first bout of the day will be starting soon. Please find your seats and get your orders in.” Alex sat down. A scowl formed and Gregory, who was sitting across from him, leaned in.
“A couple more days, man,” Gregory comforted.
“I know, it’s just so damn frustrating.” Alex’s scowl grew.
“She’s a busy woman,” Gregory said, trying to cheer Alex up but doing a horrible job at it.
“And I’m a busy man. That’s the whole problem!” Alex said and slammed his fist into the table.
“You guys need a vacation or something,” Gregory laughed.
“I’m working on it,” Alex said, raising one eyebrow.
“The tournament is almost half over. Just get through the next couple of days,” Gregory comforted.
“You’re right, Greg. I can get through this. It’s just a couple more days,” Alex relented then picked up his glass of wine and downed it in seconds.
Across the crowded stands from Alex, Fawn slipped behind a crowd of people. She eyed the mysterious man whom Zhara had spoken to the day before. The man was tall, about Alex’s height but didn’t look anywhere near as nice.
Fawn smirked. How lucky was she? To have such a kind and caring husband who looked like he did? The creator himself must have picked Alex for her. She couldn’t ask for a better partner. Now, if only, she could actually spend some time with the man. It was a cruel irony that protecting the man she’d do anything to spend time with was the very thing keeping her from him.
The man she was following sat down and Fawn quickly turned to offer drinks to people passing by. Over her shoulder, she made sure the man was going to stay sitting, then made her way to a table close to his. She handed out drinks while she waited, then Zhara sat beside him. There was no bout going on right now. Maybe she would get to hear the whole conversation this time.
“There is another assassin here,” Zhara started.
“I know, I hired him,” the man said.
“Gerald,” Zhara started.
“We are not friends. You will call me Sir Norvent,” Gerald Norvent scolded.
Why did Fawn not recognize the name? Who was he? What did he have against Alex? Fawn walked very slowly to the next table. She was running out of drinks, she needed to make them last until the conversation was over.
“As you wish, Sir Norvent,” Zhara apologized.
“His target isn’t your target. Don’t step on each other’s toes,” the man explained.
“Fine, but I’m not sure about this,” Zhara started.
“What’s not to be sure of? You have your money, and the target needs to die,” he said matter-of-factly.
“The target has a small child. I don’t hurt children,” Zhara scowled.
“If you don’t think you can do the job I’ll have Scorpion do it…and then he’ll deal with you.” Gerald leaned in and stared at her menacingly.
“I’ll do the job,” Zhara yielded.
“Good, do it tonight. In the bedroom. Just like we planned.” Gerald got up and walked away, while Zhara sat there with her face buried in her hands. This was not what she signed up for. To orphan a little girl? This went against her personal code. The assassin’s code be damned! There had to be a way around this.
“Everything all right?” Fawn asked as she took the seat across from Zhara.
The island beauty shot a worried look at Fawn then forced a smile.
“I’m fine. It’s just…personal problems. I’ll be fine to compete,” Zhara said confidently.
“I wasn’t worried about you competing. I was worried about you.” Fawn stood up and looked down kindly at the woman. “If you ever need someone to talk to. I’m around.”
As Fawn walked away, Zhara hid her face again. Queen Fawn being so kind, was not helping her with her decision. Then it hit her. Zhara’s head shot up, and she watched Fawn walk away. Maybe Fawn’s kindness was helping her decide after all. In fact, it was the very thing she needed.

Chapter 11
Silyna stepped out into the arena, and the crowd roared. She lifted her arms in the air, and the sound was almost deafening. She had quickly become a crowd favorite. Her unconventional fighting style and her skimpy outfits attracted men and women alike. She looked across the arena and saw her opponent. The one opponent she had hoped to save for the final day of the tournament, but that was not her luck.
Zhara stepped out on to the sand, and the crowd’s cheers lowered to a murmur. Although Zhara had won a few matches, she had lost to the Red Assassin. Silyna hadn’t lost a single match yet.
“No hard feelings. No matter what happens,” Silyna said with more confidence than she felt.
“Agreed,” Zhara said. “It’s just a match.”
Zhara held out her fist, and Silyna did the same. Silyna’s feet wouldn’t move. She was terrified. She could take men twice her size, but this small woman frightened her. Fighting the men was actually fun. This was serious.
As their fists touched, the gong sounded, and the crowd cheered loudly.
Silyna backed away with her fists up, and Zhara carefully followed.
Zhara spun and threw a kick at Silyna but didn’t intend to make contact. She could sense Silyna’s fear and was just trying to enforce it. Silyna took another step back then saw her opening. As Zhara righted herself, Silyna lunged and hit Zhara in the stomach. Zhara let out a grunt then elbowed Silyna in the jaw. Both women took a step back to assess the other.
“You’re better than you pretended to be,” Silyna said as she sidestepped while keeping a close eye on Zhara.
“How’s it going with Fox?” Zhara laughed. She needed to avoid the subject Silyna was trying to bring up.
“Going pretty well, I’d say,” Silyna said then lunged at Zhara. Zhara dodged then kicked Silyna in the side.
“Going out again tonight?” Zhara asked.
“Yes, and I’m thinking tonight is the night,” Silyna sneered. She knew that her sleeping with Fox was an annoyance to Zhara. She had seen the hidden glances between the two. The longing in Zhara’s eyes when Fox wasn’t looking. It was clear to her. Zhara wanted Fox for herself.
Zhara lunged then rolled to her side before elbowing Silyna in the back. Silyna stumbled forward and barely caught herself before she ended up face first in the sand. Zhara saw an opportunity and came at Silyna again, but the blonde warrior was ready. She spun and grabbed Zhara with both arms. She lifted up the small woman and squeezed tightly.
“Would kissing you produce the same bewilderment it did with Nagasha?” Zhara smirked.
Silyna just stared at her for a second then Zhara smashed her forehead into Silyna’s nose, causing the larger woman to stumble backward. Both hands covered her face, and soon blood trickled between her fingers.
Silyna’s anger grew. She dropped her hands and rushed at Zhara, but Zhara was ready for it. It was just what she had intended. When Silyna reached Zhara, the smaller woman spun and planted her foot squarely between Silyna’s eyes. The loud crack and Silyna crumpling to the ground made the crowd gasp.
Alex stood and raised his hand, then the gong sounded to signal the end of the match.
“And Zhara is the winner!” Alex shouted. The crowd was stunned at first. Then cheers started to rise.
Three men rushed to Silyna and carried her out of the arena while Zhara walked solemnly to her side. She didn’t want to hurt Silyna, but she wasn’t going to lose either. And Silyna had asked for it. She made the comment about Fox with the intention of making Zhara mad, and it worked.
“The next contestants are Sebastian Fox and…” Alex stopped when Fawn grabbed his arm. She whispered something in his ear. Alex bent down and searched through the names quickly. “Sebastian Fox and Nathaniel Duranthal.” The crowd cheered, but Alex was far more interested in what Fawn had told him.
“What do you mean the Red Assassin refuses to fight Fox right now?” Alex asked confused.
“He said it should wait until the last day. Fox is his only real competition, and I would have to agree,” Fawn explained.
“Still…can he do that?” Alex asked.
“There’s no rule against putting off a fight. It doesn’t actually hurt anyone’s chances.” Fawn got a silly grin on her face. “Actually it builds suspense. It’s good for the tournament.”
“I suppose you’re right. Other than Silyna, they are the two most popular opponents,” Alex mused. “Besides, I don’t think Silyna will be competing any longer.”
“I’m pretty sure Zhara broke her nose. That kick in the head will take some time as well,” Fawn stood up, and Alex rose with her. He looked lost and scared.
“Leaving already?” Alex asked desperately.
“I’m sorry. You know I’d give anything to stay and talk to you. Anything except what’s at stake.” Fawn looked at him sadly. He was the perfect man for her. The look on his face told her everything she was feeling was shared. This situation was just as frustrating to him as it was to her. If it wasn’t his life on the line, she would much rather have stayed, but that couldn’t happen, not right now.
“I’m glad you said that. I was starting to think you were going to leave me,” Alex replied.
Fawn stood on her toes and kissed Alex gently on the lips.
“What kind of idiot do you think I am?” Fawn asked with a smile.
“I’m the idiot,” Alex said quietly as he plopped back down on his seat. “I should just give this all up. Take you and Ella and run away.”
“Don’t go talking like that,” Fawn comforted as she put her hand on his shoulder. “We’ll get through this. What you’ve done for this kingdom is also important. Ella needs a safe place to grow up. It’s inconvenient for us, but we’ll get through it.”
“Well, you better get back to finding out who wants me dead…and I better get ready to announce Fox’s victory,” Alex said with a sad laugh.
“This guy doesn’t stand a chance. It’s just a formality,” Fawn smirked then headed back toward the kitchen.
Fawn picked up the pace when she entered the kitchen and headed for the back door. When she flung the back door to the kitchen open, she was surprised to find Zhara standing on the other side, waiting.
“We need to talk Queen Fawn,” Zhara said dejectedly.
Fawn looked around anxiously.
“Can it wait until later tonight? I have a million things to do, and I’m running very late,” Fawn lied. She wasn’t late, but she did have a million things to do.
“Tonight would be fine. After today’s bouts?” Zhara asked.
“Actually, can it wait until bedtime? I probably won’t be back until then,” Fawn waited impatiently. She wanted to talk to Zhara, but now was not the time. She had the man’s name, the one who wanted to kill Alex, but she didn’t know why.
“Ten sound ok?” Zhara asked.
“Ten sounds great,” Fawn replied with a smile. “Again, I’m really sorry. And you don’t have to call me queen. I’m not your queen.” 
“Thank you, Fawn. I’ll see you at ten,” Zhara said and walked away with her head down.
Fawn watched the island assassin walk away and wished she’d had time to talk to Zhara. Whatever was on Zhara’s mind must have been more than she’d thought. Fawn figured it was about Fox, but this seemed more serious. She’d make it up to Zhara. Fawn’s blank expression turned to a devious grin as she walked away. She’d more than make it up to Zhara. After she was done researching Gerald Norvent, it would be time for Silyna’s boss to reappear. His new instructions might make Zhara a very happy woman.

Chapter 12
Silyna walked into her room with a bandage wrapped around her face. Even with the large bandage covering her nose, Zhara could see her black eyes that were growing.
“I’m so sorry, mistress,” Zhara said as she walked to meet Silyna.
“It was a match. You did what you needed to in order to win. I don’t hold grudges for things like that,” Silyna sat on her bed and cradled her head. “Besides. This will give me more time to work on Fox.”
“What do you mean?” Zhara asked as she looked down at the beaten woman holding her head.
“If I couldn’t beat you. I’m not going to beat Fox, and I won’t stand a chance against the Red Assassin. I’m arrogant and sure of myself, but I’m not stupid.” Silyna eased back on her bed and stared at the ceiling. “And you can quit calling me mistress. We both know you don’t need any training.”
“Sorry about that too,” Zhara said and sat down beside Silyna.
“Don’t be sorry. I’m glad you didn’t kill me.” Silyna smiled, then cringed as her head started to throb.
“I would never kill you,” Zhara laughed.
“You’re an assassin. I treated you like shit. Thanks for not killing me,” Silyna said remorsefully. “Like I said…I’m not stupid.”
“Umm…you’re welcome?” Zhara asked with a grin.
Someone knocked at the door, and Zhara got up to answer it, but no one was there.
“Who is it?” Silyna asked without getting up. Her head was pounding, and her whole face hurt.
“Nobody,” Zhara said then noticed an envelope sitting on the ground. “You expecting a letter?”
Silyna shot up, and the blood pounded in her head.
“Shit!” she yelled as she grabbed her throbbing head. “It’s my boss. That creepy guy. He said he’d send a letter when it was time for an update.”
“Want me to open it?” Zhara asked. It was strange how her beating up her mistress had caused the two of them to find a common ground of sorts. Zhara felt sorry for Silyna and didn’t even mind that she would be sleeping with Fox tonight. Well, she minded, but it was none of her business. Fox was just not meant to be with her. Silyna was beautiful, even with a broken nose. Fox would be happy with her if she could quit coming on so strong.
“Sure. I don’t think I can read. Everything’s a little blurry still,” Silyna said with a forced laugh.
Zhara opened the letter carefully and read the words twice to make sure she wasn’t the one with blurry vision.
“This doesn’t make sense. It’s just nonsense,” Zhara said confused.
“Just read it,” Silyna said impatiently.
“It says ‘20 N Seven Night’. What does that mean?” Zhara stared at Silyna, who now looked angry.
“Of course, he would choose tonight!” Silyna slammed her fist on the bed then cringed as the motion made her head pound.
“What about tonight?” Zhara asked, still not understanding the code.
“Twenty miles north of town at seven o’clock tonight. Exactly when I was supposed to meet Fox.” Silyna ignored her throbbing head and stood up. She paced around the room, looking like she was strangling an invisible person. “How the hell am I supposed to do my job when I have to go meet him?!”
“Tell Fox you need a rain check. How long will it take you? Maybe do it later in the evening?” Zhara offered. A knot formed in her stomach as she said it. She didn’t want Silyna meeting with Fox. Not tonight, not ever. Silyna was just using him. After the tournament was over Silyna would never see him again. The man deserved better than a one night stand and a brush off. He was a soft-spoken but powerful man. He deserved someone who actually liked him. Someone like her? Zhara immediately slapped herself in the head.
“What was that for?” Silyna asked, staring at Zhara strangely.
“Thought I felt a bug,” Zhara lied. Why the hell would she even say that to herself? What did it matter if she liked Fox? She was an assassin. She couldn’t just settle down and have a normal life. Assassins didn’t get that option.
“Oh…oh…that’s it!” Silyna said, and Zhara was afraid to ask but did anyway.
“What’s it?” Zhara asked. She wasn’t sure she wanted to know the answer. The tone of Silyna’s voice told her she’d hate it.
“You keep Fox busy tonight. Talk about…whatever…but keep him busy until I get back. I shouldn’t be more than an hour or two.” Silyna looked at Zhara and Zhara could swear the muscular woman was pouting.
“I have an appointment tonight, and I can’t miss it,” Zhara replied.
“I’ll be back by nine, maybe earlier. Just keep Fox from going to bed. Let me do that,” Silyna smirked.
“Fine,” Zhara relented. Nine would still give her plenty of time to talk with Fawn. The earlier talk with Fawn had helped her make up her mind, now it was just a matter of figuring out how to handle it. Orphaning a young child was not part of the original contract. There was no question left in her mind, she wouldn’t do it. This only left one problem. Scorpion. He would pick up her contract and probably try to kill her as well. This would also lead to the child becoming an orphan. There had to be solution, and perhaps some time with Fox would help her find it. It wasn’t like she could just tell Fawn the truth…could she?
“It’s settled then. You keep him busy. I’ll be back as soon as I can.” Silyna grabbed her sword from under the bed, slung it around her waist then headed to the door. At the door, she turned and decided to not leave anything unsaid. “Just to be clear. Fox is mine. Don’t you go sneaking off with him. Understand? Just keep him busy, but not too busy.” Silyna lifted both her eyebrows, and it was clear that it caused her pain.
“I won’t go sneaking off with him.” Zhara’s stomach sank a little. Had she planned to sneak off with him? It was always a possibility. That was, if he initiated it. Strangely she didn’t feel guilty about stealing Fox either. Silyna had no real intentions toward the man except to sleep with him and keep him distracted. Silyna had no interest in the man beyond those two things. In fact, it seemed Fox annoyed her. If it wasn’t for the job, Silyna wouldn’t have given Fox a minute of her time.
“You better get going too,” Silyna said and started out the door. “He’s expecting me in about twenty minutes. Don’t stand him up.”
Silyna slammed the door as she left and Zhara sat there wondering what to wear. Was it formal? Was it casual? Maybe she should just come as she was, still in her fighting clothes. It wasn’t like she was trying to impress Fox, quite the opposite. She needed to disinterest the man as well as hold back her own desires. This was not going to be an easy night.

Chapter 13
Silyna walked down the dark road and saw a dim light in front of her. There appeared to be a short, round man with a cane holding the torch. It was her boss. She didn’t even know the man’s name, but it was how he wanted it. He had paid upfront so what difference did it make to her? He wore the same outfit he had on last time. A dark coat, a hood, and mask which kept his identity a secret. A part of Silyna was glad she didn’t know anything about him. She certainly didn’t feel like dying for such an unsatisfying job. She hadn’t slept with Fox, and he didn’t even seem the slightest bit interested.
When she got closer, the man noticed her. He shifted his weight and started walking toward her with a limp.
“I’m here but let me tell you. Your timing is horrible. I was just getting ready to head out to dinner with him. I think I’ve almost got him,” Silyna said as she drew near.
“Well, you can stop. I’m no longer interested in you seducing Fox,” the man said with a low, gravelly voice then started to cough.
“What?! All this work! What do you mean you’re not interested?!” Silyna stomped toward the man angrily.
“Watch your tone. I found a different way to achieve the same goal. You have your money. Do whatever you want with it,” the man said, almost gasping for air.
“All that time!” Silyna yelled and reached for the man’s coat. Her hand was intercepted by his cane on her wrist then he swung his cane and stopped it just short of her nose.
“Would hate to have to harm you. You seem to be in enough pain already,” he hissed.
Silyna looked at him full of fright. She had lost her temper, and this man was not to be trifled with. Even in his state, she got the distinct impression he could kill her easily.
“My apologies. Yes, I have already been paid. What would you like me to do?” Silyna groveled.
“You’re job has been fulfilled. Do whatever you want. Date Fox…don’t. I don’t really care,” the man said then turned to leave.
“There was this one guard who was eyeing me,” she said mostly to herself, but the man heard.
“Don’t care!” the man yelled and lifted his cane. “Have a nice life, Silyna. We won’t see each other again.”
Silyna smiled as she headed back to the castle. She was free. Free from the frustratingly uninterested man, Sebastian Fox. She didn’t have to pretend to be interested in all his talk about cooking and security any longer. When she got back, she’d just break it off with him. At least the guard seemed interested in her.
As soon as the man was out of sight, he pulled off his hood. A grinning Fawn tossed the hood aside, then removed the pillow under her shirt. She patted her horse.
“This was much easier to pull off when I was pregnant,” she laughed. “But you don’t really care about that, do you, Chuck? You just want to be back at the stables with all the pretty fillies, don’t you?”
Fawn jumped on Chuck’s back and raced back to the castle. She, not only, wanted to beat Silyna back but she also had to be there before anyone noticed she was gone. Everyone but Alex. She was pretty sure, even with their limited communication, Alex had known she was missing. He didn’t always know what she was doing, but he ALWAYS knew when she was gone. She smiled to herself as she spurred the horse to go faster. Damn, she missed him.

Chapter 14
Sebastian Fox sat at the table beside Zhara, unsure of what to talk about. Why was he so nervous? He hadn’t been this nervous around Silyna. Why was Zhara different? She seemed uninterested, but that didn’t keep him from feeling like she was watching his every move.
“Anything look good?” Fox asked then felt stupid. How would she know what looked good? It was just words on paper. How could those words describe the food well enough?
Zhara put down the menu and looked at Fox.
“I’m not really hungry,” Zhara cringed. Why did it feel like she was disappointing him? Why did it matter?
“Want a tour of the castle?” Fox asked, his spirits lifting. Truthfully, he wasn’t hungry either. Perhaps it was his nerves, or maybe it was something else, but even though he should have been starving, he felt like he was going to vomit.
“That sounds good,” Zhara replied. Finally, something to break the tension between them. Sitting here, wanting to talk but not knowing what to talk about was torture. What had changed to make talking to Fox so difficult?
Fox stood up and offered her his arm.
“What would you like to see first?” Fox smiled down on her. She took his arm but knew she shouldn’t. The swaying in her stomach and the feeling like she was sweating, even though she wasn’t, was not helping her to ignore the gorgeous man.
“Where are the living quarters for the king and queen?” she asked.
“Oh, so you want to see the bedrooms?” Fox said with a wink.
“Wait, no. That’s…I wasn’t implying…” Zhara stuttered.
“I didn’t think you were, Zhara. It was a joke,” Fox laughed nervously. The joke had sounded like a good idea in his head. That was, until her reaction caught him off guard. She was supposed to laugh and tease him, not get embarrassed and tongue-tied. It was difficult to be friends with Zhara. He had feelings for her. Not that he would ever do anything about them. What made it harder was the woman he was supposed to be with was…not at all what he wanted.
They made their way up the finely crafted staircase without a word to each other. When they reached the top of the stairs, Fox spoke first.
“Which room would you like to see?” he asked kindly.
“Which room is which?” Zhara asked.
“The first one is King Alex and Queen Fawn’s room.” He pointed at the room then kept walking down the hall. “This one is Catherine’s room.” He motioned to the door then continued on. “And this is my room.” He put his hand on the door and smiled.
Zhara looked around nervously. What was she thinking? Somehow she had convinced herself that this was all innocent curiosity, but she knew better. She had lied to herself. The room behind this door was where she intended to be. In Fox’s arms, in Fox’s bed.
“Umm…Can I see the royal bedroom? Is that allowed?” she said, trying to cover her attraction and nervousness.
“Sure,” Fox replied. He sounded a little disappointed, which made Zhara smile.
Fox led her to the royal bedroom and opened the door. Zhara peered inside, afraid to go in.
“It’s ok. I’m their bodyguard. They won’t mind,” Fox urged.
Zhara cautiously walked in, then Fox slid passed her and found a lamp on the fireplace. He lit it, and the room came to life. He was amused at the stunned look on Zhara’s face.
“I was expecting…I don’t really know what I was expecting,” she said as her eyes took in the room. There was a modest bed in the middle of one wall. It wasn’t fancy, and the blankets looked…ordinary. The trinkets along the shelves looked more meaningful than expensive, and even the chairs in the room looked like they were functional instead of decorative. “I guess I was just expecting more.”
“Fawn and Alex aren’t normal for royalty. I’ve met a few royals. I know what you were thinking.” He grinned and walked to the middle of the room. He felt he was a little too close to Zhara, so he leaned back on one of the chairs. “There are no milk bathes and gold napkins. They don’t sleep with jeweled pajamas and pearls on their heads. Fawn and Alex are just normal people.”
“That just figures,” Zhara said, exasperated.
“What do you mean?” Fox asked and stood up straight. He could feel the electricity between him and Zhara, and his heart was pounding.
Zhara turned to him, intending to confess everything but looking up into his eyes she forgot what she was going to say. They stared at each other for what seemed like hours but was only seconds, then Zhara threw her arms around his neck and kissed him deeply. Fox was caught off guard and stumbled backward. When Zhara released him, he fell back over the chair behind him. Zhara reached out to grab his hand but was pulled along with him. The chair under Fox collapsed, and he hit his head on the other chair, causing it to shatter. When Zhara came crashing down on his chest, the force smashed the rest of the chair under Fox, and a piece flew up, cut across his cheek then whizzed by Zhara’s face.
Fox stared up at her for a second then started laughing. Soon Zhara joined him. The door to the bedroom came open with a crash, and the ominous Gregory stood in the doorway, sword in hand.
“What’s going on?!” Gregory asked, panting.
“Umm…” Fox started.
“We kind of…” Zhara added.
“We’re both sort of…” Fox continued.
“Are you two drunk?” Gregory asked angrily.
“If I was drunk this would be much less embarrassing,” Fox laughed. “We fell.”
“I can see that. The question is, why? If you’re not drunk. What is it?” Gregory asked, still furious.
“I tripped and umm…smashed into Fox. He fell backward and tried to catch himself on the chair then I tried to stop him and well…we ended up down here,” Zhara said giggling.
“You’re bleeding Fox. Is that what really happened?” Gregory asked.
“I’m laughing, Greg. Yes, it’s what happened. Don’t be so uptight,” Fox said, smiling at Zhara.
“Me uptight. Look who I’m talking to. You sure you’re not drunk?” Gregory asked, still not quite sure he was getting the whole truth.
“I’m not drunk, Greg. I just have two left feet this evening,” he said, staring at Zhara. He wasn’t ready to get up yet. The chair was pushing into his back, and his face was bleeding, but there was nowhere else he would rather be.
“Fine. I’ll be out watching the hall if you need anything,” Gregory snapped.
“I won’t need anything, Greg,” Fox scolded.
Gregory slammed the door, and they both heard him mumble something about broken furniture, then he huffed and walked off. They both broke out laughing as soon as Gregory’s footsteps went off down the hall.
“Now that was embarrassing,” Zhara laughed.
“You have no idea. I’ll never hear the end of it. The kingdom’s best hope at winning this tournament tripped and fell. I got beat up by a chair,” Fox laughed. He looked up into Zhara’s eyes, and his smile faded.
“To be fair it was two chairs and a clumsy woman,” Zhara said with a smirk then caught the look on Fox’s face. She pushed herself up and crossed her arms.
“Shit, I’m sorry,” Fox said as he got to his feet.
“No, it’s not that. I kissed you, remember?” Zhara asked.
“Oh, I remember quite well. I mean about Silyna. I need to break it off with her.” Fox crossed his arms as well and looked across the room at Zhara. The longing in her face was clear, but it was also clear that nothing could happen tonight. He was not about to mess this up by having another woman. Despite the fact that he had no feelings for Silyna, it needed to be settled first.
“You’re smarter than I gave you credit for,” she said with a smile.
“Shall we continue with the tour?” Fox asked.
“Why not,” Zhara said and held out her arm for him. “What about the chairs?”
“I’ll get Navia to clean them up.” He looked at Zhara, who gave him a silly look. “I won’t be telling her exactly what happened either. I will get teased enough for what we told Greg. If people know how I really fell…it would be worse.” 
“Perhaps our first stop should be the infirmary? That’s going to leave a nasty scar,” Zhara said, pointing at his cheek.
“All the fights I’ve been in to protect Alex and Ella, and this is how I get my first scar?” Fox asked with a laugh. “I’ve fought assassins, thieves, bandits, and murderers, and a beautiful woman is the one that leaves a scar.”
“Sometimes a woman can be far more deadly,” Zhara winked.
“You don’t have to tell me twice,” Fox said as he headed to the door with Zhara on his arm.
Zhara pondered Fox’s words as they headed out into the hall. He had either made a mistake or maybe she was reading too much into it, but he didn’t say he protected Fawn. Why was that? Did she not need protecting? Was someone else protecting her? Or was it just an omission? Either way, it gave her the answer to her question.
She needed to talk to Queen Fawn. She couldn’t keep this up any longer. The answer was one she had barely considered. She didn’t have to run away, and she didn’t have to kill her mark. All she needed to do was tell Fawn the truth. Fawn had people willing to fight to protect Ella. Surely Fox would, and now so would she. Protecting Ella was the answer she was searching for, it was a motive she could get behind. Gerald Norvent should never have left that part out. He would regret putting a child in danger. Even making Ella an orphan was putting her in danger, and it was the one thing Zhara wouldn’t stand for.

Chapter 15
Zhara crept carefully along the decorative ledge leading to Fawn and Alex’s room. It was late, and hopefully, Queen Fawn was in her room, preferably alone. Zhara had noticed how Alex didn’t often go to bed before eleven, and it was only ten. She had no idea about the queen’s habits, the woman was hard to spy on and mostly just hard to track down. Fawn was everywhere in the castle, rushing from one end to the other to help the servants serve food and drinks. Zhara felt pity for the woman as she reached the window leading to the royal bedroom. The woman must be worn out after all the things Zhara had seen her do.
Zhara slipped into the window, and the room was pitch black. The fire in the fireplace wasn’t lit, and the lamp on the mantle was out as well. She slid her feet carefully toward where she remembered the mantle being, and as she reached for the lamp, it lit.
“Glad you came, Zhara,” Fawn said with a caring smile.
“What? How?” Zhara asked.
Fawn didn’t answer, she just walked toward one of the two new chairs which replaced the ones Zhara and Fox had broken.
“Have a seat. We have a lot to talk about,” Fawn said and patted the seat beside her.
Zhara was a little confused, but she was here to confess. Talking was exactly what she had on her mind, so she sat.
“I know you’re here to kill Alex,” Fawn started, but Zhara interrupted.
“I’m not here to kill King Alex. I was sent to kill you,” Zhara explained.
Fawn let out a loud laugh then realized she needed to explain.
“Gerald Norvent is either stupid, or he hates you,” Fawn smirked.
“What do you mean?” Zhara asked. And how did Fawn know about her boss? Who was this woman?
“You were never going to kill me. So, either Sir Norvent didn’t know who I really was or, he did know and wanted you dead.” Fawn crossed her legs and sat back.
“I don’t think you understand. I’m an assassin. I’m…” Zhara started, but now Fawn was the one interrupting.
“Wasp. I know who you are,” Fawn said and crossed her arms.
“How? Who are you?” Zhara asked.
“I think you know me as Raven,” Fawn smiled.
Zhara’s mouth fell open. She had so many questions but didn’t know how to ask them. Raven had just disappeared at the same time Wolf and Stallion’s bodies were found. It was assumed that whoever killed them had killed Raven. Or Raven had gone into hiding to avoid the same fate. Then anger took the place of her surprise.
“That fucking bastard!” Zhara yelled. “He used me to distract you!”
“What do you mean?” Fawn asked.
“Scorpion must be the one who was sent to kill King Alex,” Zhara mused. “I was a token to placate you. You kill me and think it’s all over.”
Fawn looked less relaxed now and stared intently at the empty fireplace.
“You’re probably right,” Fawn said, deep in thought. “I’m just sorry it’s him.”
“I know. He’s the best. What can we do?” Zhara asked.
“He’s not the best,” Fawn laughed. “Cat is the best.”
“But Cat is dead,” Zhara argued.
“No, Cat is Alex’s mother. She’s just on vacation with my daughter,” Fawn smiled at Zhara who looked like she was lost.
“What will we do?” Zhara asked anxiously.
“Scorpion is a good assassin, but I know he’s coming. He won’t get Alex,” Fawn said confidently. She turned to look at Zhara. “Thank you. I missed that. You just saved Alex’s life.”
Somehow Zhara didn’t buy it. The woman in front of her was not acting like someone who just found out an assassin was coming for her husband. In truth, she didn’t even seem surprised at who it was, just disappointed. Almost like she pitied Scorpion for being the poor fool to take the job and Zhara agreed. There was no way Scorpion would win against Raven. Not if she knew he was coming.
“What do you want me to do?” Zhara asked.
Fawn stood up and held out her hand for Zhara.
“Actually, I do have a job for you. Someone of your obvious talent and compassion deserves a very special job,” Fawn pulled Zhara along as they left the room.

Chapter 16
Fox knocked on the door then fumbled with his hands outside of Silyna’s room. He hoped Zhara wasn’t here. This was going to be difficult, but Zhara would make it nearly unbearable.
Silyna opened the door with a sheet wrapped around her. Fox took a step back.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t realize you were sleeping.” Fox looked down at the ground to avoid staring at the beautiful woman who was nearly naked. Despite everything, Silyna was still gorgeous.
“I wasn’t sleeping,” Silyna said seductively.
“Oh…Umm,” Fox stammered.
“Spit it out, Fox. I have something I need to do,” Silyna said with a strange smirk.
“Who’s there?” a man’s voice asked from inside Silyna’s room.
“Ok, not something…someone,” Silyna said, lifting one eyebrow.
Fox’s apprehension turned to joy as he realized whose voice was coming from her room.
“Thomas? Is that you?” Fox asked, peering into the dark room.
He heard fumbling then a loud smack on the floor. Soon Thomas came to the door. He saluted with one hand while holding a pillow over his naked body with the other.
“Shit, sorry, sir. Didn’t know it was you.” Thomas looked silly, and Fox felt like hugging the man.
“You’re fine, Thomas,” Fox said with an ever-growing grin.
“Please don’t tell Greg. He said any guard caught with a contestant would have to run twenty laps around the castle,” Thomas pleaded.
“Don’t worry. I won’t tell your brother,” Fox said and turned to leave. Thomas returned inside, but Silyna just stared at Fox.
“Why is it the first time I see you smile is when I’m with another man?” Silyna asked.
Fox turned and looked at her, his smile even wider. He didn’t want to answer that question, not directly.
“I guess we both found what we were looking for after all,” he said then walked off.
Silyna watched him walk away and found it strange, but she didn’t even care. She didn’t care that Zhara had basically stolen Fox. Zhara had admitted it to her only an hour ago. She didn’t care that Zhara had hidden her attraction to Fox. She didn’t even care that Fox had secretly wanted Zhara the whole time. A fact she figured out on her own. She was just happy this job was over. The job she thought would be so simple, only to turn out to be the most frustrating job of her life. The reason she didn’t care was because she really hadn’t been interested in Fox in the first place. It was just a job. She was even glad she’d never slept with Fox. She didn’t hate Fox. She just wasn’t interested in him. He was a nice enough guy, and sleeping with him would have only made it harder for him and Zhara. Something which was strangely important to her now. After all, this time was Zhara now her friend?
Silyna smiled as she turned away and headed back inside. It would have also made it complicated for her and Thomas. Thomas was the kind of man she wanted. The kind of man who worshiped her.
She dropped her sheet and watched as the man’s eyes grew wide with lust. Yes, Thomas was exactly the kind of man she was looking for.

Chapter 17
Fawn made her way through the crowded stands while searching for Gerald Norvent. She needed to keep him away from Zhara. Zhara had not completed her mission last night and was still alive. This would probably make the man very angry. If she could just keep him from talking to Zhara, perhaps she could prolong this plot long enough to find out what was really going on.
Despite her best efforts and several called in favors, she had learned nothing of importance about the man. He was born and raised in Selenthal to a modest family. They moved east to the small kingdom of Donal when Gerald was just ten years old. Little was known about the boy until he was eighteen. This was when he signed up with Donal’s military and quickly became a very powerful man. There was no indication in any of this about why he wanted Alex dead. By all accounts, Gerald Norvent was an ordinary man who had grown to power. Perhaps his ambitions were to become a king? But why go all the way to Selenthal? Why not try to assassinate his own king? Nothing about this made sense, and Fawn was sure there was more to it.
Fawn noticed Zhara and panicked. Norvent couldn’t be allowed to talk to her. She was a good assassin and a decent person. What if she told him the truth about what had happened last night? Norvent would have her killed. Zhara was too important to let her die. Not to mention she was nice, and Fox seemed happy for the first time in as long as she’d known him.
“Zhara, you’re not supposed to be here,” Fawn said anxiously as she ushered Zhara to the kitchen.
“I needed to talk to you about the job offer,” Zhara said. “I can’t accept it.”
“What?!” Fawn asked loudly. “Why not?”
“I was sent here to kill you, and you do this for me?” Zhara argued.
“We’ll talk about it after the tournament. You have to fight Fox today. I want you to kick his ass. Or at least give it your best shot.” Fawn gave Zhara a sinister grin. “The man needs to get over his fears.”
“He damn well better fight me for real, and he better win,” Zhara said, sharing Fawn’s sinister grin. “So help me. If the man lets me win, he’ll never hear the end of it.”
“I knew I liked you for a good reason,” Fawn patted her on the back then pushed her into the preparation halls.
“Now stay here, even after your match. We can’t have Norvent talking to you. He may make a mistake if he’s trying to figure out why we’re both still alive.” Fawn gave her a serious stare and Zhara saluted.
“Yes, boss,” Zhara smirked.
“At least you’re not calling me queen,” Fawn giggled and left.
Fawn made her way back across the crowded room. She saw Fox looking nervous and sitting with Alex. A huge grin filled Fawn’s face. Both of the men she had been looking for in one place. How fortunate.
Fawn slid in behind Alex and kissed him on the cheek.
“Better watch out. My wife is the jealous type, and she’s mean,” Alex laughed.
“Damn right she is…on both accounts,” Fawn laughed and sat next to Alex. She held his hand while she spoke to Fox.
“You ready for this?” Fawn asked.
“I’m not sure,” Fox replied nervously.
“Do your best and don’t go easy on Zhara. If you do, she’ll hate you for it,” Fawn said.
“This is stupid. I’ll just forfeit,” Fox said, frustrated.
“If you let a woman like her win, she’ll be pissed. The best thing you can do is beat her,” Fawn said seriously.
“Maybe I can just let her win without her knowing it?” Fox asked, scrambling for a way out of this situation.
“She’ll know,” Fawn scolded. “She knows she’s going to lose. That’s not the point.”
“Then what the hell is the point?!” Fox exclaimed.
“She wants to take third place, fair and square. Getting beat is much better than someone letting you win,” Fawn looked at him, and a silly smile started on her face. “She’ll love you for it.”
“She’ll love me if I beat her up?” Fox asked, rolling his eyes.
“No! Not for beating her up. For not letting her win. There’s a difference.” Fawn leaned on Alex’s shoulder and sighed. “Do you hear Alex giving in to me all the time?”
Fox scowled and looked at Fawn.
“Yes. He gives in all the time,” he replied.
“Not when it comes to something he actually cares about,” Fawn said hugging Alex’s arm.
Alex looked at Fox condescendingly.
“You think I’m some kind of wimp?” Alex asked.
“No…I’m sorry…I just meant…” Fox stammered.
“I give in when it’s clear the issue means more to her than it does to me. Or when it involves the bedroom.” Alex winked at Fox. “But if it is about the kingdom…let’s just say, we’ve had our share of heated discussions.” Alex looked down at Fawn.
“Don’t sugar coat it, dear. They were arguments.” She turned her attentions back to Fox. “Point is. Fighting is important in a relationship. Maybe not the kind of fighting you are doing today, but this is Zhara. The way you let her win is by doing what she wants and beating her.” Fawn laughed as she said this. It sounded silly, but it was the truth. 
“Fine. I’ll give it my best shot,” Fox relented then stood up. “I should go get ready. I swear I’m more afraid of fighting Zhara than I am The Red Assassin. The Red Assassin might hurt me, but Zhara might never speak to me again.”
Fawn stood up as well. She had a million things to do today. As much as she wanted to, she couldn’t sit with Alex for long.
“Good, I’d say you are seeing this correctly. The real test is if you can fight Zhara and try to win. The Red Assassin is just another fight. Now go kick her ass,” Fawn laughed.
Fox rolled his eyes and walked off.
Alex stood to say goodbye to his wife. He put his arms around her and squeezed. She didn’t want this moment to end, but it had to. They both had things to do today.
“I picked wrong,” Alex said with a laugh as he released his wife.
“You really picked Silyna?” Fawn asked, her head still against his chest.
“I guess I’m not a smart as you think I am,” Alex said with a laugh. He could feel Fawn’s smile on his chest then she looked up at him.
“You knew it was Zhara this whole time, didn’t you?” Fawn said with astonishment. “You’re just patronizing me.”
“What can I say? I didn’t want to ruin all your fun. You were having so much fun teasing me,” Alex said.
“Oh, buddy, you and I are going to have to sit down and have a serious talk about letting me win. You heard what I said to Fox.” Fawn took a step back and put her hands on her hips.
“Maybe sometimes it’s not so bad when someone lets you win?” Alex asked rhetorically.
“We’re still going to talk,” Fawn said, giving him a serious stare.
“I was sort of hoping there wouldn’t be a lot of talking when this is over. Maybe some moaning?” Alex asked with a raised eyebrow.
“You…just…you just keep those thoughts to yourself, mister,” Fawn said, shaking her finger at him. “I can’t be distracted today. No matter how much I want to be.” Her seriousness faded to a coy smile then she left.
As Fawn walked off, Alex smiled and prepared to announce the match between Zhara and Fox. 

Chapter 18
“We’re down to the last two matches!” Alex yelled to the crowd, and they cheered. After the cheers died down, he continued. “Now I didn’t expect this, but two of our contestants are undefeated, and the third has shown real promise.” The crowd cheered loudly again. “The first match will be the deadly and beautiful Zhara!” The crowd went crazy, shouting her name. “And the ever serious Fox.” The crowd cheered just as loudly. “All that’s left is the fighting. To Battle!” Alex shouted, and the cheering rose to a level that nearly made everyone deaf.
Zhara was the first to step out, followed by cheering, then Fox entered the Arena followed by more cheering.
While the crowd cheered, Fawn sat in the back and watched Norvent. The man’s expression barely gave away anything until he saw Zhara. Had he not believed she was alive? Did he think Alex was lying? Norvent stood up and rushed out of the stands, and Fawn followed him.
Zhara held up her fist and walked toward Fox who did the same.
“If you beat me, I’ll give you another kiss,” Zhara teased.
“What will you do if I really kick your ass?” Fox laughed.
They moved closer.
“I’ll let you ponder that yourself…but it will be more than a kiss,” Zhara said with a seductive smile.
Their fists met, and the gong rang out through the arena. The crowd fell silent as the two of them backed away from each other.
Zhara held out her fists and did a spin, followed by a few thrusts.
“Do you think anyone has ever just thrown a punch right after touching fists?” Zhara asked as she moved closer.
“Not really sure,” Fox replied and walked cautiously toward her with his hands up, palms facing her. This wasn’t as awkward, nor as scary as he’d imagined. It was like practicing with Fawn, it was very comfortable.
Zhara swung, and Fox parried. She kicked, and Fox ducked.
“Just making sure you’re not being a wuss,” Zhara smiled.
“Did you really think I’d fall for that? Even if I was trying to lose, I’d not have let you hit me with those,” Fox joked and bounced back and forth.
He lunged forward and jabbed at her side. She dodged easily but didn’t see his other hand grab her around the waist. He threw her to the ground, but she tumbled backward and got to her feet.
“You’re fast,” she complimented.
“So are you,” he countered.
She stepped forward, and Fox saw an opening. He snapped his hand against her ribs, but her punch hit his cheek. The wound on his face reopened, and blood ran down.
“Oh shit! You’re bleeding again!” Zhara exclaimed.
“That was bound to happen,” Fox said then hit her in the stomach.
Zhara let out a grunt and stumbled backward.
“You said I wasn’t supposed to let you win. Don’t hurt my feelings by letting me win either,” Fox teased as he stepped backward. Going in now wouldn’t do anything but leave him open. Zhara wanted him to win. So he was going to win!
“Smart move. Maybe you are taking this seriously,” Zhara said and spun. She kicked out, but Fox ducked and landed another blow in her stomach.
Zhara fell back on the ground.
“That ‘more than a kiss’ sounds pretty inviting,” Fox joked.
Zhara put her hands on the ground in front of her and acted like she was getting up then propelled herself forward, flipping, and landing both feet squarely into Fox’s chest.
Fox fell backward into the sand. The wind knocked out of him. He stared up at the sky for a second then he saw Zhara coming and rolled out of the way before her foot came down on his chest. As he got back to his feet, he used his arm to knock her off of her feet, and soon she was the one flat on her back.
This time Fox didn’t back away, instead he straddled her and trapped her arms with his legs. Zhara struggled, but Fox was too heavy. She tried to kick, but he was sitting too far forward on her chest. There was nothing she could do. She was trapped.
“You said I had to beat you. You didn’t say I had to hurt you,” Fox laughed as he looked down on her.
“Fine, you win, smartypants,” Zhara laughed. She barely registered the gong sounding twice, and the crowd’s thunderous cheers sounded very far away as she stared up at him, deep in thought. This had been the most enjoyable fight she’d ever been in. Maybe the job offer from Fawn would turn out to be a blessing in disguise. She could see herself falling for Fox. He was kind and funny. He was also handsome and caring. She could do worse. She had picked worse men, many times. Taking Fawn’s offer would mean she would spend a great deal of time with Fox. This job was sounding more interesting the longer she pondered it.
“What are you thinking about?” Fox asked as he got up and offered her his hand. “How you are going to kick my ass later, when I’m not paying attention?”
“Something like that,” Zhara said with a smirk.
She had made up her mind. She would accept the job from Fawn. Spending time with Fox sounded fun. Her other option was to go back home and forget about him. Not an easy task. This job would be frustrating and tough, but interesting at the same time. This would be something completely different from what she was used to, but maybe it would be fulfilling.
Her new job would give her time to figure out if this thing with Fox was just a passing whim or if it was something more. She looked up at Fox and took his hand. The new job would give her exactly what she needed right now, time to think, time to decide, and time to figure out what she really wanted.

Chapter 19
Fawn crept along behind Norvent as he made his way through the castle halls. This man, who shouldn’t have had any clue where he was going, seemed to know the castle like the back of his hand. Fawn heard cheers far away and realized she was missing the fight she’d most wanted to see, but Alex had to come first. Surely everyone would regale her with tales of how Fox had beaten Zhara. At least Fawn hoped Fox would win. If his fears took over and he lost, then all her planning to get Fox and Zhara together would be for nothing. Fox needed Zhara and Zhara needed Fox. They were perfect for each other, now if she could only make them see it.
Norvent rounded the corner, and soon Fawn came around the same corner. She stared blankly at the empty hall with no exit. How the hell had she lost him?! There was nowhere to go. Fawn scoured the empty hall. There was a statue at the far end depicting the first king of Selenthal, and the entire hallway must have only been twenty feet long. The pictures which hung along the wall were of kings who were long dead. Nearly all of them were of the Selenthal line and one of King Howard, Alex’s dad.
Fawn looked at King Howard and noticed the similarities to her husband. Howard was kind of cute when he was younger. Maybe not as handsome as his son, but she could see what Catherine had seen in the man. While she was admiring her husband’s father, she heard a strange noise. It sounded like scraping then a soft thud. She had been in this hallway a hundred times. The maid cleaned this area every day. How had they missed it?
Fawn got closer to the statue and felt all around. When her fingers were in the back, right below the man’s neck, she felt an indentation, and something clicked. Slowly the statue slid forward, and behind it, a hole opened up. It was a secret passage, but where did it lead? There was no missing space in the castle. No rooms without doors. When Fawn peered inside, she noticed that there were stairs leading down. The castle had a basement?!
As Fawn eased into the hole, she looked around. She needed to make sure there was a way out. If she got shut in, how would she move the statue? She felt around the dark walls until she felt another indention, just like the one behind the statue’s neck. When she pushed it, the statue started to slide back into place. Clever. No wonder no one had ever found this place. It was hidden very well. Someone would have to know it was here to find it. How had Norvent known?
As Fawn made her way down the stairs, she heard the gong go off twice then loud cheering. She desperately hoped Fox had won. Zhara would never take him seriously unless he had. Fox needed someone. He was so lonely and serious all the time. Zhara was exactly what he wasn’t looking for but desperately needed. All the two required was a small push in the right direction, and Fawn hoped she had provided it.
Fawn stopped at the bottom when she heard voices. They must have been twenty feet underground, maybe more. She couldn’t quite be sure. Everything was pitch black. She noticed a light coming from the end of what appeared to be a long cave. Slowly and quietly, she crept toward it, and the voices grew louder. As she got closer, she could make out what was being said.
“Why does it have to be tonight?” Scorpion was arguing.
“Wasp has failed. I need you to kill her tonight,” Norvent said angrily.
“What do you mean failed? Wasp doesn’t fail,” Scorpion responded.
“Ok, she didn’t fail. She took up with the enemy. She sympathized with the mark.” Fawn couldn’t see Norvent, but the tone of his voice told her his face was full of anger.
“I’ll kill the queen and deal with Wasp, then I’ll kill the king. Wasp broke the rules. It is my duty,” Scorpion replied coldly.
“How much will it cost me?” Norvent asked.
“Nothing. I’ll kill her and return your money. That is the code,” Scorpion said, his voice had a hint of remorse. Fawn had no misunderstandings. Scorpion would kill Zhara. He just didn’t want to.
Why did it have to be Scorpion? There were many other assassins. Many she didn’t have to kill. She doubted Scorpion would see reason, but she had to try. She owed it to herself to at least try. Despite this, she readied herself for the possibility that she might have to kill Scorpion.
He was no innocent and had probably killed many innocents himself, but Fawn didn’t want to kill anymore. She had left that life behind. It was no longer a part of her. Why did it have to be Scorpion? She’d known she could talk Zhara down, in fact, she didn’t even have to. Zhara’s conscience did it for her. Scorpion was a wrench in her plan. She hadn’t wanted to kill anyone, but now it looked unavoidable.
Fawn had heard enough. She wearily made her way back to the exit and quietly left the secret basement. She was lost in thought as she made her way back to the arena and was startled as Navia walked up to her with tears in her eyes.
“Queen Fawn,” Navia said sadly.
“Just Fawn, please,” she replied.
“Fawn, Jessup died,” Navia cried.
“Oh, no. Is George here?” Fawn asked, grief hitting her like a brick.
“He’s with Alex. They are making plans for the funeral tonight.” Navia wiped a tear from her eye and looked at Fawn.
“It’s only fitting. All council members and staff should be allowed burial on the castle grounds,” Fawn said solemnly. “Jessup was both.”
Navia just stared at Fawn again.
“Is there something else?” Fawn asked.
“The final match is rescheduled until tomorrow,” Navia said.
“I understand. A council member has died. It makes sense,” Fawn replied and gave Navia a hug. “I’ll see you tonight.”
Navia walked down the hall, wiping her face. Fawn understood Navia’s sadness. Jessup had been the one to get Navia her job at the castle, years before Alex became king. Navia had only met her husband because he was a guard and she a maid. This she also attributed to Jessup’s kindness. Jessup treated Navia like the granddaughter he never had, and she appreciated every moment of his doting.
Jessup hadn’t always been a council member. It was only after Alex took over that the man’s genius was given public recognition. He had been the butler for the castle for many years and was present for every council meeting before Alex became king. The hunt for traitors was really only possible because of Jessup’s information. As Catherine made her way through the duplicitous council members, it was Jessup she would call on for confirmation of their stories. The man had been a fixture in the castle, who all the high powered nobles took for granted. They often had their secret conversations in earshot of Jessup, believing him to be too stupid or too afraid to repeat them. They were very wrong, but only Catherine paid enough attention to the man to realize how intelligent he was.
This man deserved a large funeral. He was a hero, not only to the people but to the crown. A tear streamed down Fawn’s face as she caught sight of George. He towered above everyone, and Cathy was beside him. Alex was talking seriously with George, probably about the arrangements when George noticed Fawn.
“You’ve heard?” George asked sadly.
“Yes, George. I’m sure the whole castle knows by now,” Fawn replied. She threw her arms around the large man’s waist, and he hugged her back uncomfortably.
Cathy was a stout woman. She was a little taller than Fawn and much rounder. She had dull brown hair, and her clothing told of the fact that she was a chicken farmer. Fawn turned to her next and hugged her as well. Cathy cried as she spoke.
“I loved that annoying old man. Things won’t be the same without him,” Cathy said.
Fawn glanced up at George and realized. If anyone else had called his father annoying it would have come to blows but Cathy saying it was different. Cathy had known George and Jessup since her own parents had died nearly ten years ago. She had eaten supper with them, shared holidays, even taken Jessup to his council meetings a time or two. If it weren’t for George’s shyness, they would probably already be married.
Cathy turned to George and smiled sadly.
“Let’s go, George. We have to write your speech,” Cathy said and pulled the large man behind her.
“Yes, ma’am,” he replied and stumbled after her.
Fawn scooted in closer to Alex.
“He may not have gotten grandchildren during his lifetime, but his name won’t die with George.” Fawn looked up at Alex, and he smiled.
“Not if Cathy has any say in it,” Alex said.
“And if you ask me, she has all the say in it,” Fawn said and put her arm around Alex’s waist then hugged him tightly.
“We should go get ready,” Alex said solemnly and started toward the stairs to their room.
Fawn walked along, not wanting to release him. She was sad. Jessup was her friend and had spoken to her daily until he got sick. His absence from the castle hit everyone hard, but they all expected him to return. The shock of finding out he had died took everyone by surprise, even Fawn and Alex. All of them expected the old man to be too stubborn to die.

Chapter 20
After the funeral, Fawn returned to her room. Alex stayed behind to show support for George and tell tales of Jessup from when he was a young boy. Fawn was glad Alex had something to do tonight. She didn’t want him in the bedroom, at least not right now. She had an appointment to keep.
She slipped off the black dress and put on her comfortable pants and a worn shirt. She normally would have put on pajamas but not tonight. Tonight she expected company. As she walked over to the mirror to take out the hairpin, which held her hair up, she got another sad look on her face. There had been enough death tonight, but there was also a good chance there would be more.
“I know you’re there Jacob,” Fawn said sadly. “No use hiding.”
“How did you know my name? And how did you know I was there?” Scorpion asked as he walked out from behind the changing screen.
“I heard you breathing when I came in and as for your name…I’m good at what I used to do,” Fawn replied without turning around. She twisted her hair up and put it in a ponytail then turned to face him.
“This will be quick,” he said and walked toward her.
When he reached her, she snapped her hand around his wrist and flipped him into the mirror. It shattered, and glass fell all around him, as he hit the floor.
“You don’t have to do this, Jacob. There is another way out of this,” Fawn said.
Jacob shot to his feet, dazed by what had just happened. How did a queen outmaneuver him so easily?
“I don’t have a choice. I’m very sorry,” Jacob said. “For what it’s worth, I don’t want to do this.”
“For what it’s worth. I really hope you are as smart as your sister. I really don’t want to kill you,” Fawn said, taking her stance a few feet in front of Jacob.
“Don’t bring Zhara into this,” Jacob replied angrily. “You convinced her to break the rules, and now I have to kill her too.”
“Some rules are meant to be broken. There is a greater rule that supersedes the rules of the assassin, but most ignore it.” Fawn moved sideways slowly, trying to get Jacobs back to the empty space. He was a good assassin, maybe one of the best, but his fighting skills were severely lacking. Perhaps she could just incapacitate him somehow?
Jacob followed Fawn’s lead, edging sideways to keep her from getting too close. When Fawn’s back was to the mirror again, she stopped. Jacob grabbed a dagger from his belt and threw it at Fawn. She spun to catch the dagger as it whizzed by her and continued the momentum in a full circle and released it when she was facing Jacob. Jacob dodged it easily, just as she expected.
“You’re not just a queen. Who are you really?” Jacob asked while trying to pull another dagger from his belt without alerting Fawn.
“I used to be known as Raven,” Fawn said. She kept her voice calm and even. She didn’t want to project any anger, nor did she want to come off as superior. Jacob was a proud man, implying that she was better than he was would only cause him to stop paying attention. And that would end with her being forced to kill him.
Jacob’s eyes were as wide as saucers, and the hand reaching for the dagger stopped.
“You’re Raven?” Jacob asked, astonished. “Raven died with Stallion and Wolf.”
“Raven died shortly after she killed Wolf and Stallion. Now I’m just Fawn. Mother of Ella and wife of Alex. I was done with that life. I didn’t realize it, but that life wasn’t done with me,” Fawn said, relaxing her arms. Jacob was listening, she needed to show restraint and trust.
“Why did you kill them?” Jacob asked, his hand grabbed the throwing dagger but didn’t pull it out. He was uncertain.
“They thought I’d broken the rules…but I hadn’t. They had been fooled, probably by Gerald Norvent, or one of his men. They wouldn’t listen to reason, and I couldn’t let them kill me. I had to save Alex.” Fawn relaxed her shoulders and saw Jacob’s hand twitch. He wasn’t ready to throw, but he also wasn’t ready to give in.
“So what is this rule that supersedes the assassin’s code?” Jacob asked.
Fawn smiled. Jacob was listening.
“As assassins, we hold the power of life and death. We have skills that give us advantages over others. That power and skill should never be used to kill the innocent and benefit the corrupt.” Fawn waited.
Jacob sped into action, throwing one dagger then another, then two more, then three. Fawn gracefully dodged them one after the other until Jacob had none left on his belt.
“My turn,” Fawn grinned. One at a time she quickly removed the daggers from the wall and threw them at Jacob. One caught his arm, the other his cheek, the rest missed completely.
“I’d say this is a stalemate, wouldn’t you?” Jacob asked.
“I’d have to agree,” Fawn replied.
“So, what do you have in mind? Kill my employer?” Jacob asked. His question was baited. If she answered yes, she wasn’t who he hoped she was.
“No, I need more information about him. I still have no idea why he wants my family dead,” Fawn answered.
“You’re telling me the truth, aren’t you? You believe assassins should only kill the guilty.” Jacob looked at her full of hope. This was a fantasy many assassins had, after realizing what the life they chose would mean. Many of them started out full of misconceptions. Believing that they would be hired by honest men to right the wrongs of the world. Only to find out it was often the criminals who had the money to hire assassins.
“I even have a plan,” Fawn laughed. She dusted the broken glass from her dresser and leaned back. She didn’t cross her arms, nor her legs. This was still a very volatile situation. She needed to exude confidence, compassion, and the willingness to listen.
“What did you have in mind? You have a name for this…organization of assassins that only kill the guilty?” Jacob asked with a smirk. He crossed his arms and looked at her.
“The Blades of Truth, is my current working title. What do you think?” Fawn said and lifted one eyebrow. It was a little flirty, but men often responded better to flirtation.
“Not bad. What do we do about the other assassins? The ones who don’t join?” Jacob asked. He was taking this proposition very seriously.
“We leave them alone. It’s the people who hire them. Those are the ones we want. Not the ones carrying out the jobs. Without rich, corrupt clients, maybe they will be forced to take on the honest ones. They might even prefer it.” Fawn’s smile grew, and Jacob’s matched it.
“This isn’t just a pipe dream. You’ve thought this out. Will you be in charge of it?” Jacob asked skeptically.
“Oh no. I have far too much to do. I will be on the council, but I have someone much better in mind to run the organization,” Fawns smile grew even larger, and Jacob couldn’t stop his from growing as well.
“That’s why Zhara didn’t finish the job,” Jacob laughed.
“You’re sister is the perfect person to keep everyone in line. She’s more than compassionate. She’s more than fair, and she’s very smart.” Fawn waited for Jacob to agree.
“She’s perfect,” Jacob said, throwing his hands up like he wished he’d thought of it. He spun around and walked toward the door. “I’m going to go ask my sister for a job.” He gave one more look at Fawn, then opened the door.”
Alex stood in the doorway with a smile.
“Glad you’re with us, Jacob,” he said as he passed the man.
After Alex closed the door, he looked at the wall full of daggers then at his lovely wife.
“The left eye is a little bit low,” he laughed.
Fawn walked passed him and slapped him on the shoulder, then proceeded to pull the daggers out of the wall. They formed the shape of a smiley face on the wall…and Alex was correct, the left eye was a little lower than the right.
“It’s Jacob’s fault. He had his arm in the way. I didn’t want to hit him,” Fawn laughed.
“You’re something else, you know?” Alex mused.
“What kind of something else?” Fawn smirked while looking over her shoulder at Alex. She pulled the last two daggers from the wall and let them fall to the floor with the rest. She walked up to Alex, who was leaning on the foot of the bed and put her hands on his chest. She pushed him gently, and he let himself fall. “Bad something else or good something else?” She asked flirtatiously.
“Very good,” he replied.
Fawn climbed up on top of him and looked down at her husband.
“You weren’t supposed to know about this…organization yet. How did you find out?” she smiled down at him seductively as she undid his shirt.
“Umm…we’ve met before right? I’m Alex. You’re husband,” he smiled.
Fawn pursed her lips and rolled her eyes.
“Smartass!” she said with a grin, then kissed him deeply.
A loud knocking rang out in the bedroom, and Fawn lifted her head up. Alex’s grin turned to a scowl.
“Who is it?!” he asked angrily.
“It’s Greg. We have a situation. We need you in the dining room,” Gregory said.
Fawn let herself fall to the side as Alex got up. He looked as frustrated as she did.
“Who the fuck do I have to hurt to get one fucking night alone with my husband!” she grumbled, loud enough for Alex to hear but not Gregory.
“I know the feeling, dear,” Alex comforted. “I swear I’m going to strangle the next person that interrupts us…even if it’s Greg.”
Fawn’s scowl softened. She stared at her gorgeous husband as he buttoned up his shirt, and felt relief. At least he felt the same way. Her jealous thoughts were stupid. Alex didn’t want someone else. Mary was right.
“A couple more days,” Fawn said, as much to herself as to her husband.
“A couple more days,” Alex agreed with just as much frustration in his voice.

Chapter 21
Fox walked up the stairs to his room, deep in thought. Tomorrow was the big fight. Him versus The Red Assassin. He wasn’t sure he could take the man. He hadn’t even been touched once, the entire tournament. Zhara got the closest but even she was beaten. Fox laughed to himself as he reached for the door. It could have been worse. The Red Assassin could have been a woman.
“Something funny?” Zhara said from the shadows.
“Shit! You startled me,” Fox said.
“That’s sort of why I’m here. I need to talk to you,” Zhara said somberly.
“Come in,” Fox said, opening the door for her.
Zhara walked in and waited in the middle of the room for Fox to shut the door and light the lamp.
“What’s on your mind?” Fox asked and sat on a chair in front of the fireplace. Beside him was a small table and another chair on the other side of it. “You cold? Want me to start a fire?” he asked nervously.
“No, I’m getting used to the cold. At least it’s better than where Silyna lived,” she said with an apprehensive laugh.
Zhara took the other seat and fiddled with her hands in her lap.
“This must be serious,” Fox said with a laugh. When Zhara looked up, she wasn’t smiling, and Fox’s smile left. “It really is serious.”
“Where do I start? Oh, this sucks,” Zhara said.
“Hey, if it’s about beating you up. I’m really sorry, but you told me to,” Fox said. He still had a jovial quality to his voice, hoping it wasn’t as serious as Zhara was making it out to be.
“No, it’s not that.” Zhara smiled briefly, then fear replaced it. “I’m not who you think I am.”
“Let me guess…You’re some assassin sent to kill Alex,” Fox laughed. Zhara looked up at him with remorse all over her face. “You’re an assassin?!” Fox jumped out of his chair and put a few feet between them.
“Yes, but I wasn’t sent for Alex. I was sent for Fawn,” Zhara said as she stood. She waited for Fox to hit her, arrest her, something. What she got in return surprised her.
A smile started on Fox’s face then he let out a laugh.
“You were supposed to kill Fawn?” he asked, his smile growing. “Who’d you piss off?”
Zhara just stared at the silly grin for a few moments then felt slightly embarrassed.
“You know who she is?” Zhara asked, staring at Fox with disbelief.
“Yes,” he replied.
“Shit! He sent me into a viper’s den!” Zhara put her hands on her head and turned toward the dead fireplace. “I didn’t stand a chance.”
“I’m sorry,” Fox said compassionately.
“Why are you sorry?” Zhara asked with frustration.
“That it happened to you.” Fox took a step closer to Zhara, and she turned toward him.
“I’m not.” The look on her face was hard to read but, then again, almost everything this woman did was a mystery to Fox.
Several moments passed while they just stared at each other awkwardly.
“Worried about tomorrow?” Zhara asked. She had no idea what to talk about. The upcoming championship seemed to be the easiest topic. Fighting was easy. What was happening between her and Fox was confusing, to say the least. She wasn’t even sure what it was.
“A little. You were tough, and he beat you. I don’t think I’m going to win,” Fox admitted. He stared into Zhara’s eyes, looking for some sign that she felt the same way he did. Why was this so hard? He’d had girlfriends before. He wasn’t completely inept around women, just this one. It was like he felt so strongly that he couldn’t dare let any of it show.
“You’re giving me too much credit,” Zhara said and looked down at the floor. When she looked back up, Fox was still staring at her. “You’re way better than I am.”
“Flattery really?” Fox laughed. Joking was easier. It gave him a buffer.
Zhara gave him a push.
“Want a rematch?” Zhara teased.
“I could use the practice,” Fox laughed. “Think you can take me this time?” Fox took a step back.
“Here?” She held out her hands and motioned to the room. Fox nodded. She gave him a seductive grin. “I’m sure I can take you.”
Fox’s smile left, and panic took its place. Was she still talking about sparring? Somehow he didn’t think so. His heart pounded in his ears, and he felt the sweat on his forehead. Absentmindedly Fox took another step back.
“Scared?” she grinned, her confidence growing.
“Maybe,” Fox said with a nervous grin. “What are the stakes?”
“What do you want? If I win I want to finish that kiss from the other day,” Zhara said with a seductive look.
Before she finished her sentence, Fox blurted out. “I forfeit!” He walked quickly across the room and grabbed Zhara’s face gently and kissed her passionately. Her hands found his hair, then made their way down his back. She maneuvered him toward the chair and pushed him into it. She pulled away from him just long enough to straddle him, then kissed him deeply again. Fox’s hands caressed every part of her body. She pulled back again, smiled, then pulled open his shirt. He sat forward, not wanting to be away from her lips for long, then they both stopped when they heard a creaking sound.
“Oh shit! Not again!” Fox exclaimed. Zhara tried to jump off, but before she could, the chair beneath them collapsed. Fox landed flat on his back, and Zhara smashed down on top of him. Her forehead collided against his chin, and she shot up holding her head.
“Damn it! We’re cursed!” Zhara laughed.
“Maybe we should quit trusting these damn chairs,” Fox said, rubbing his chin and laughing.
Zhara got up, embarrassed and paced while Fox got to his feet.
“Maybe we should just quit altogether,” Zhara said with a cringe
“Are you kidding?” Fox asked. He stared at her and realized she wasn’t kidding. “I’m having the most fun I’ve ever had. I get hurt on a daily basis. This is nothing. Fawn kicked me in the nuts…twice…in the same fight, and she’s my best friend.”
“Really?” Zhara asked skeptically.
Fox pointed to the cut across his cheek.
“I really hope this leaves a scar. Want to know why?” Fox asked. He looked serious but still playful.
“Why would you want a scar?” Zhara asked.
“This will remind me of our first kiss.” Fox waited for her to respond.
“You’re serious, aren’t you?” Zhara asked, still a little skeptical.
“I am. If I have to get hurt every time I kiss you, I’ll count myself lucky,” Fox took a step closer and put his hands on her shoulders.
“Why?” she asked.
“You remind me of Catherine, a woman I’ve always admired. A little of Fawn, my best friend. And there’s something else there too. Something I can’t quite put my finger on, and maybe that’s why. You’re mysterious and interesting.” Fox pulled her a little closer and looked down into her eyes.
“Mystery fades. Interest dulls.” Zhara countered.
“Tell that to Fawn and Alex. Two years and they are still tearing each other’s clothes off…believe me. I sleep two doors down, and they’re not quiet.” Fox laughed, and Zhara smiled.
A look came across Zhara’s face again, the same look Fox couldn’t quite place. Then it was replaced with another one he knew very well.
“Maybe we should just be a little more careful?” Zhara smirked.
“To hell with that!” Fox said then scooped Zhara off the floor, walked to the bed and threw her onto it. She bounced twice then fell back and laughed. Fox lept onto the bed and pulled his shirt the rest of the way off then threw it on the floor. “This stuff is supposed to be fun.”
“This stuff?” Zhara asked and brushed the hair out of her eyes. She stared up at him with a look that told him she knew what he meant.
He smiled down at her and put his hands on his hips.
“Now if you’re not interested, that’s one thing.” He put one hand on either side of her and leaned in. “If you’re just scared of getting hurt, I’m going to call you a wuss.”
Zhara grabbed him behind the neck and pulled his face in. She stopped when his lips were inches from hers and whispered. “I’m not scared. I’m just worried about you.” She put a hand on each shoulder and pushed him off then got to her knees and forced him down. She straddled him, then leaned in to kiss him. She kissed down his neck and started toward his chest.
“Now that’s more like it,” he grinned.
He sat up, but she didn’t stop kissing him. He fumbled with the buttons on her shirt, and she stopped. She undid the top button then lifted her arms up. Instinctively he knew what to do and pulled the shirt over her head. He grabbed her left breast and put his lips over the right. He nibbled lightly, which produced a moan from her that encouraged him as she grabbed his head and pulled it in tighter. His hands found their way to the clasp of her pants and, yet again, he fumbled around without success.
She pushed him back on the bed then stood beside it, undid the clasp and her pants fell to the floor. He didn’t say a word. He just smiled and admired the tantalizing sight. After a few seconds, he realized she was waiting for something. She lifted one eyebrow as his eyes found hers, and he realized why. Quickly he undid his pants and removed them. She straddled him but didn’t put him inside her. She nibbled on his ear while she rubbed herself against him.
“Oh, that’s just mean,” he laughed.
“I know,” she replied and kissed his neck. She made her way back up to his ear. “What are you going to do about it?”
“Oh, you want me to do something about it?” Fox laughed. He put his hands under her arms and rolled until he was on top of her. He kissed down her neck, just like she had done.
“So? What are you going to do?” she asked while her fingers ran through his hair.
He eased himself inside her, and she gasped loudly. With another loud gasp, she wrapped her legs around his hips and forced him the rest of the way in. He started out slowly. Feeling every motion while he kissed down her neck and continued to nibble on her ear until her sighs and moans grew louder. As he picked up speed, she bit her lip to quiet herself. Her moans and cries were getting louder, but Fox heard them as a jumble. Her legs encouraged him to go faster, and he obeyed. Her hips arched up to meet his over and over, faster and faster while her panting picked up speed. Zhara dug her nails into his back and held on tightly as explosions went off in her brain, but Fox didn’t notice. His body tensed, and he lost all thought. The only thing that registered were the cries of passion coming from Zhara.
When the assault of pleasure subsided, Fox rolled over onto his back and stared at the ceiling while Zhara did the same. Neither spoke while they each tried to catch their breath. After a few minutes, Zhara was the first to speak.
“That was something,” she said with a self-satisfied grin.
“You’re not kidding,” he replied.
Zhara rolled over and ran her fingernails across his chest. He slid his arm under her head, and she relaxed as he pulled her in tighter.
“I’m glad we didn’t call it quits,” she said with a laugh and looked up at him.
“That makes two of us.” He kissed her on the forehead and smiled.
After a few more moments, Zhara looked up at him again, and he caught her glance.
“What do we do now?” she asked.
“What’s wrong with what we’re doing?” he asked with a smile. “I’m pretty content.”
Zhara nuzzled into his chest while Fox pulled a blanket over them. Before long, they were both asleep.

Chapter 22
Fawn made her way through the crowd and caught a glimpse of Gerald Norvent sitting with another man she didn’t recognize. The crowd was too noisy for her to catch what they were saying, but this new man didn’t look like an assassin. He looked like a military man. His short hair and neatly trimmed mustache gave the impression of a general or someone used to taking orders as well as giving them out. The only words that came to her mind were stiff, obedient, and focused.
Fawn tried to inch closer, but the military man got up and left. Just as she was about to follow him, Alex grabbed her arm. He had a gentle hand when he touched her. She knew it was him before she even turned around. No one had ever touched her like that before, and she doubted anyone else ever could. Her smile was as wide as her face when she turned and put her arms around his neck.
“Now that’s what I call a greeting,” he said with a smile to match hers.
“What did you need?” she asked cheerfully.
“Just wanted to make sure you were doing ok. The championship fight is starting soon. I assume you’ll be watching Norvent?” Alex said with a smirk.
“You sneaky little…do you have spies following me?” Fawn asked.
“I just listen when my wife speaks. Even if she’s in another room. Even if she’s across a crowded arena. I listen.” Alex squeezed her tighter and kissed her passionately.
“Ok, that’s enough. We both have jobs to do,” she said regretfully. “Later.” She winked and pulled herself away while she still could.
“I’m going to hold you to that,” Alex said as he watched his wife make her way through the crowd.
Alex turned and headed to his seat at the head of the arena. He didn’t bother sitting. The fight would start in moments. He raised his hands and looked down at the gongsman who rang the gong until the crowd quieted.
“I know everyone is excited, but I just wanted to say a few words before the championship match begins.” Alex waited for the murmurs to die down again. “We’ve raised about fifty gold in prize money,” he said looking down at the numbers written on a notepad at his table. “That means Zhara, for third place, will receive five gold.” The crowd all cheered, and Alex motioned for Zhara to come forward. She was sitting at a table with Fox, which made Alex smile. He gave Fox a knowing look and Fox looked back at him uncomfortably.
“Third place is very impressive. Nice work.” Alex said.
“Thank you, sir,” Zhara said and curtsied.
“You’re going to have to start calling me Alex if you’re going to hang around a while.” Alex looked at Fox, who was heading down to the arena. He handed Zhara five gold then added. “And I think you’ll be sticking around a while.” He returned his gaze to Zhara, who looked like she might be blushing a little.
“Yes, Alex,” she said with an embarrassed smile.
“And now for the final match!” Alex yelled, and the crowd roared. After the cheering died down, Alex continued. “Second place will get fifteen gold, and first place will get thirty.” The crowd cheered and clapped. “Now for the final match! To battle!” Alex yelled, and the crowd went wild.
After a few moments, Fox made his way into the Arena and shortly after, The Red Assassin entered from the opposite side. The cheering dulled as the two opponents approached each other in the center.
“Good luck,” said Fox and The Red Assassin simply bowed his head in response.
Fox put out his fist, and The Red Assassin met it with his own, then they both took a few steps back. The gong rang out, and Fox started shifting from side to side, bouncing on the balls of his feet. He was prepared. He had never felt more prepared for anything in his life.
Fox was the first to make a move. Over his twelve matches, The Red Assassin had only struck first once, and it was to knock out his opponent before the man even knew what happened. Fox jabbed at his opponent, and The Red Assassin blocked each jab then took a step back. He watched Fox carefully as Fox threw a punch then a kick, each blocked, then threw several punches of his own. The first two Fox blocked with ease, but the third got Fox in the ribs. Fox took a step back to catch his breath and rubbed the spot he’d been hit.
“You’re quick,” Fox complimented and The Red Assassin nodded.
Fox spun and threw a kick high in the air, aimed at the man’s head, but the skillful assassin ducked and spun, hitting Fox in the leg, which was still planted on the ground. Fox stumbled backward and limped away to think of another strategy.
“You’re very quick,” Fox complimented again, this time with no response.
The crowd was nearly silent, waiting and watching, hoping Fox could somehow succeed where all others had failed.
Fox moved in cautiously and threw a series of quick punches aimed at his opponent’s abdomen. The Red Assassin blocked all of them then tried to retaliate with a punch to the ribs, but Fox was ready this time. He blocked the man’s punch and returned with a punch of his own, right on the man’s thigh. The Red Assassin limped backward while the crowd’s cheers rose. Fox didn’t let up. He approached quickly, hoping to take advantage of his opponent’s shock and pain. He kicked high again, careful to watch the man’s response. When The Red Assassin dropped, Fox did a backflip, catching the assassin in the jaw with his foot.
This didn’t stop the assassin for long. He shook off the blow and made his way toward Fox full of determination. The assassin threw a punch at Fox’s stomach, which was blocked skillfully. Fox returned the blow, and to his surprise, it hit The Red Assassin in the ribs, but this was intentional. The Red Assassin didn’t even flinch at the blow, instead spinning and throwing his foot high in the air, aiming for Fox’s head. Fox ducked just in time to hear the foot fly over his head then the assassin dropped to the ground and swept with his leg, but Fox saw this one coming as well. Fox lept over the assassin’s leg and prepared for a counter, but the assassin didn’t react as he’d assumed. Instead of standing to face him, the assassin lept from a crouching position and spun in the air, landing his foot solidly on Fox’s jaw. The arena spun, and the gasps of the crowd seemed miles away as Fox fell face-first into the sand. The crowd grew so quiet that even the people far in the back heard the dull thud of Fox’s head hitting the sand. Fox was out cold.
The crowd was silent for a full ten seconds, trying to figure out if it was over. Then, like a blast of cold air coming in as a door opens, the crowd all shot to their feet and cheered for the new champion.
“The Red Assassin wins!” Alex yelled at the top of his lungs, trying to be heard over the roar of the crowd. The gong sounded twice, then the crowd went silent. The Red Assassin did something uncharacteristic for the man. Instead of leaving, he walked over to Fox and lifted the man to his feet. He headed toward the exit and only stopped to hand Fox over to the attendants, then he left the arena.
After about ten minutes, Fox, groggy but conscious, returned to his table and sat beside Zhara. The crowd waited impatiently for the final awards to be presented. When Alex stood, they all quieted down to hear him speak.
“This tournament has been truly amazing,” Alex started. “Not only did we see some world-class fighting, but the finale will be something people will talk about for years. Two of the most talented fighters in the world, both undefeated, met on the field of battle…but only one person can be the best.” Alex motioned for Fox, and he wearily made his way over.
“Sebastian Fox is our second-place winner. No small accomplishment. Completely undefeated until the final match. Around here we call him Fox. Take a bow, Fox. You deserve this prize.” Alex handed Fox a bag of gold coins, then Fox turned and bowed to the audience. The cheers continued until he took his seat, then Alex spoke again.
“And where is our winner?” Alex scoured the crowd, but The Red Assassin was nowhere in sight. Soon he saw Fawn walking up to him briskly. In her hand was a note. She handed Alex the note and whispered in his ear. Alex opened the note while the crowd waited.
“It seems our winner is shy,” he said with a laugh. “The Red Assassin left a note stating that his winnings should be used to pay for next year’s tournament. He wishes to thank everyone and says he will not be returning to defend his title.”
The crowd clapped respectfully, and Alex waited patiently for them to quiet down again.
“I’d like to thank everyone for coming, and I hope to see you next year!” Alex shouted, and everyone in the audience stood and cheered one final time.
As everyone was making their way out of the area, Fawn sat beside Fox to give him some encouragement.
“You did amazing, Fox,” she said, beaming with pride.
“Thanks, but I lost,” he replied dejectedly.
“I don’t think I could beat The Red Assassin. You got a few good hits in. That’s more than anyone else can say,” Fawn said. She patted her friend on the shoulder then got up.
Fox noticed her limping as she walked away.
“What happened?” Fox asked.
“Oh, I’m so clumsy in the kitchen,” Fawn said with a laugh. “Mary was rolling out the next cart of food while I was paying more attention to the glasses of wine I was pouring than what was going on around me. I took a step back and BOOM, I’m flat on my ass. At least I only spilled one glass of wine.” Fawn pointed down at her pants and Fox smiled. Her right leg was covered in wine.
“I guess we’ve found your weakness,” Fox laughed.
“Yeah, Mary with a cart. She’s freekin vicious. Maybe she should enter next year,” Fawn said with a laugh, patted Fox on the shoulder one more time, then headed off to find Alex.
Fawn caught sight of her husband as the people passed by her. She squeezed behind a large man and felt something hard in her back.
“Don’t make a sound and do as I say,” a man said. She recognized the voice right away. It was Gerald Norvent, and he had a dagger pointed at the small of her back.
“Let’s head to the roof,” he ordered and nudged her in the direction of a door leading to the roof.
“This is a bad idea,” Fawn warned.
“Your husband will be joining us shortly. The man watches you like a hawk. He’s probably already noticed,” Gerald growled.
Gerald pushed Fawn toward the door. When she opened it, he pushed the dagger harder, and she walked up the stairs. When they were on the roof, he directed her to a corner with a good view of the door they had just left. The roof was wide open and surrounded by a three-foot high, stone railing except for the one door and a huge bell hoisted up beside it.
Within a few moments, the door opened, and Alex came out, followed by Gregory and Thomas. Alex continued on toward his wife while Gregory and Thomas leaned against the structure holding up the bell.
“Well, since none of my high priced assassins could get the job done, I’m going to have to do this myself. And I want you to watch,” Norvent said disdainfully.
Alex crossed his arms and leaned against the railing. He smiled at Fawn then looked Gerald in the eyes.
“You are the most confusing man I’ve ever met,” Gerald stated. “You watch over her like she might break, but when someone threatens her life, you seem not to care.”
Alex chuckled.
“You mistake me admiring my wife for watching over her.” Alex pushed himself from the railing and faced Gerald. “You’re just lucky she’s retired, or you would be dead by now.”
Gerald pulled the knife out to point it at Alex, but Fawn hit him in the wrist, and the dagger went flying off the roof. It landed below in the courtyard with a loud clang. Fawn walked calmly to Alex and slid under his arm. Alex squeezed her tightly then addressed Gerald again.
“Now, can you explain what this is all about?” Alex asked angrily.
Gerald was flabbergasted but quickly regained his composure. He whistled loudly, and the military man from earlier pushed open the outer gates. He was followed by nearly a hundred armed soldiers. Alex and Fawn watched as the men all filed in and stood, waiting for orders.
“You have ruined my kingdom. I sat by and watched as your mother slowly plunged MY kingdom into poverty, but when you took over. It sank straight to the bottom.” Gerald looked furious. For a moment, Alex thought the man might bust a vain.
“Your kingdom?” Alex asked with a laugh.
“My mother’s maiden name was Selenthal. I am the last of the Selenthal line. This kingdom rightfully belongs to me. I will whip this place back into shape in no time. The peasants will pay taxes, or they will lose everything,” Gerald spat. He still looked red and furious.
Alex released Fawn, and she leaned against the railing. Alex crossed his arms, then walked slowly toward the furious man.
“First of all, we don’t have peasants. We have citizens. Second of all, this kingdom doesn’t belong to you, and it doesn’t belong to me…it belongs to them.” Alex turned and nodded to Gregory, who grabbed a large mallet and struck the bell producing an ear-shattering ring.
After everyone could hear again Gerald laughed spitefully.
“Are you calling all eight of your guards to stop us? I’d like to see that.” Gerald crossed his arms and tapped his foot.
Alex bent down closer to the man’s face.
“Take a look outside the castle walls,” Alex said with a grin.
Around the castle, the citizens of the town were gathering. Some with pitchforks, some with spears, others with swords and shields. As a whole, they weren’t very well armed, but they at least doubled the soldiers in number.
“You think a few hundred ‘peasants’,” he said it deliberately and with hatred. “could stop one hundred well-trained soldiers?”
“A few hundred? You misunderstand. These are the citizens from the town around the castle. In less than an hour, a thousand more will be here. That bell carries for miles.” Alex sneered back at the man and Gerald’s confidence waivered. “And that is just the nearest towns. The towns to the north and the east will soon hear about this, then the ones farther away. This is a large kingdom full of many free people who will fight for their land. Land which I gave them.”
Alex didn’t wait for a response he turned and looked over the railing. The soldiers below looked well trained but young. Some of them were looking around nervously. They could all see the people crowding in the doorway, waiting for Alex to signal them.
“Put down your swords now, and no one will harm you.” Several of the soldiers dropped their weapons, but most stared at the man in charge. “He’s not going to save you.”
One of the soldiers who hadn’t dropped his sword, yelled up to Alex.
“We have no choice! If we retreat, they will kill our families!” the young man yelled.
Alex smiled and looked at Fawn, who smiled in return. He then looked back at the soldiers.
“Anyone who wishes, can have free land. These two men,” Alex pointed at Gerald and the man in charge of the soldiers. “won’t be leaving here today. By the time anyone figures out what has happened, it will be too late. You will be citizens of Selenthal and under our protection.”
The rest of the soldiers immediately threw their swords to the ground and walked out. Alex yelled after them.
“Get your families quickly and return here! Your property deeds will be ready when you return!” Alex then turned to Gerald, who looked terrified.
“You can’t kill me. People will look for me. I’m very important and very rich. I will be missed,” He scrambled.
“This is true,” Alex replied. He watched below as two of his guards struggled with the military man and eventually forced him inside the castle. “But not right away.” Alex sneered at Gerald, and his fear rose. Alex nodded to Gregory again, and the large man moved toward Gerald.
“You can’t do this!” he screamed as Gregory lifted him up and carried him inside.
Thomas followed his brother inside while Fawn waited beside Alex. When they were alone, Fawn looked at Alex full of sadness.
“He’s right. We can’t keep him here. People will come for him. As long as he lives, we will be in danger. Ella will be in danger.” Fawn looked down at the rooftop and sighed. She knew what she had to do.
“I’ll meet you in our room after I have them both secured in the dungeon and we can talk. There must be another solution,” Alex said with kindness.
Fawn looked up at him and nodded sadly, then walked with him toward the door.

Chapter 23
As Fawn made her way through the castle, she watched the citizens of Selenthal celebrating, but she felt a cold emptiness filling her. She was retired and no longer wanted to kill, but the world wouldn’t let her stop. No matter how hard she tried, there would always be someone who threatened her family. These people, like Norvent, would not stop until they were dealt with. There was no escape for her. She was an assassin and always would be. Alex couldn’t see what needed to be done, but she could.
Fawn plodded along, faking a smile and nodding to whoever passed by her. She made her way slowly up the steps as she thought of her beautiful daughter. She would take this burden for Alex and for Ella. It had to be done.
Fawn wearily opened the door to her room and went straight for her dresser. She opened the bottom drawer and looked down sadly at her black assassin’s outfit. This would never end. This outfit would be her responsibility for the rest of her life. As long as she wanted to keep her family safe, she would need to kill those who threatened them. Alex didn’t understand this, he couldn’t, he was too kindhearted, but she understood.
Fawn finished dressing and put her blades on her belt then attached the wrist straps. She sighed as she looked at the peaceful looking bedroom, then she slipped out the window. She slid effortlessly along the decorative railing and fondly remembered the first time she saw Alex on this very ledge. How had she ever seen this kind, handsome man as boring and stupid? As she reached the doorway leading to the kitchen, she lowered herself. It was still pretty high, but she was Raven. She pushed off the wall, did a flip in midair, and landed on the ground. She even impressed herself. She wasn’t sure she could still do this, but she was Raven, how could she forget?
Fawn slid inside the kitchen and watched Mary humming and stirring a wonderful smelling stew. Fawn slid from the back door of the kitchen and around to the door leading to the walkway between the kitchen and the dungeons.
Selenthal’s dungeons weren’t large. In fact, there were only three cells. The area for the guards watching them was just as large as the area for the cells. Perhaps this was because they rarely had to resort to putting prisoners in the dungeons.
As Fawn reached the guards’ area, she noticed Thomas standing by the lit fireplace talking to Silyna. Silyna was laughing, and Thomas was doing his best to impress her with silly jokes and tales of his battles with bandits. Fawn smiled, then the smile faded as she eased the keys to the cells off the table. Thomas and Silyna didn’t even notice her. They were too busy being happy. This made Fawn feel worse. She was tired of killing. Why couldn’t she have a simple life, free from this burden? No one understood the price she paid for what she needed to do. Every life was another piece of her soul, gone forever.
Fawn snuck into the hallway leading to the cells and made her way passed the first one. The military man was locked in handcuffs, sitting on the far wall, but he didn’t even look up as she walked by. The second cell was empty, and when she came to the final cell, she heard voices.
Damn it. Alex was still in there talking to Norvent. She would have to wait. She snuck by the doorway and saw Alex, Jacob, and Zhara all staring at Norvent. She slid by the door and hid in the back corner, where she could still hear and see everything happening.
“Gerald. Can I call you Gerald?” Alex asked. His hands were down to his sides, clenched into fists. He was frustrated and furious. Fawn pitied and envied her husband’s innocence. He was not prepared to deal with this kind of threat.
“You will call me Sir Norvent,” the man said with arrogance.
“Then you will refer to me as Your Highness or King Alexander,” Alex replied spitefully, clenching his fists even harder. Fawn could see her husband’s knuckles grow white.
“I will never call you anything of the sort!” Norvent balked.
Alex lost his temper and punched the man in the jaw, then in the stomach.
“How dare you!” Norvent said, but Fawn could see the fear on his face. He tried to act brave, but he was not.
“Speak to me like that again, and I’ll kill you with my bare hands!” Alex said through gritted teeth. Alex took a few steps back and put his fists at his side, took a deep breath, then tried again. “Sir Norvent. Who else knows you’re here?”
“I won’t tell you,” Norvent replied obstinately. “There are many people, and you will never get their names from me.” He put his nose in the air.
“That means no one knows he’s here,” Zhara said kindly and respectfully to Alex.
“How dare you call me a liar!” Norvent yelled.
Alex took a step forward and hit Norvent in the gut. Norvent doubled over, and it sounded like he was starting to cry.
“You will not speak to her like that either!” Alex yelled and stepped back once more.
Fawn was impressed. She didn’t think Alex had it in him. She had never seen this side of him. Well, that wasn’t entirely true. Once, when he killed Gorett, but that was a fluke, wasn’t it?
“So, we’re good to go with your plan?” Alex asked.
“I believe so,” Zhara answered.
“I’ll leave the details up to you, but I just want to ask that you make it look completely unrelated to Selenthal castle. Maybe bandits or something like that?” Alex asked.
“Jacob and I have a very good way to make sure that none of this blows back on you in the slightest,” she said with a grin then looked at Jacob.
“Mr. Janthal, in the other cell, is going to commit suicide after writing a heartfelt letter about how he cheated on his wife with another woman,” Jacob said with a sneer.
Alex looked shocked.
“Is that true?” Alex asked.
“No, but it works. His wife will be devastated, but her anger will see her through it,” Zhara reassured him.
“And Norvent,” Alex said with hatred as he looked at the man who appeared to be crying.
“He is going to have his throat cut by a whore after he refuses to pay her,” Zhara said deviously. Then she looked at Alex. “We’ll pay her handsomely for her cooperation and silence. He pulled the knife first. It was self-defense.” She said with a laugh.
“You can’t do this!” Norvent said, clearly crying.
“We already have,” Alex said as he nodded to Jacob who headed out. Zhara grabbed Norvent and pushed the sniveling man out of the cell.
Fawn crouched down tighter in the corner. She waited as Alex left the cell. Jacob was pushing Mr. Janthal out of his cell and joined Zhara, then they headed out. Alex stopped after leaving the doorway. He shut the cell door then turned to leave. He took one step then looked over his shoulder and spoke.
“You don’t have to kill anymore. The Blades of Truth can handle these types of problems from now on,” Alex said, then waited for Fawn to respond.
“How did you know I was here?” Fawn asked, astonished, as she stood up. “And how did you know I don’t want to kill anymore?”
“You’re my wife. You walk into a room, I notice. You speak, I listen. You feel sadness, and my heart breaks.” Alex turned to face her. “Everything you do matters to me. You matter.”
Fawn felt the tears, but she couldn’t let Alex see her cry. She was Raven. She didn’t cry. She quickly wiped the tear from her eye before it fell.
“I’ll be up to our room in about twenty minutes. We need to talk. I’m tired of hiding things from each other.” Alex turned and started to walk away.
Fawn fought back the tears as she spoke.
“You shouldn’t have had to do this. This is queen business,” Fawn said, her voice cracking a little. She quickly stopped another tear from falling.
“There is no queen business. There is no king business. There is just our business. We’re a family. Everything that is mine is yours. Everything that is yours is mine. Even our problems.” Alex didn’t move, he waited patiently for Fawn to respond.
“Ok,” was all she could say. The tears were coming, and she couldn’t stop them. She looked up at the ceiling, but it didn’t help.
“Don’t worry about sneaking. I told Thomas and Silyna to look the other way. They know you’re in here,” Alex said, then started toward the door.
Fawn didn’t move. She fought back the tears, and when she felt she wouldn’t break down in front of anyone, she headed out. She pulled off her mask and hood as she left the guard’s area and headed out the other door, back toward her bedroom. When she passed Thomas and Silyna, they didn’t say a word. They both smiled kindly, and Thomas nodded as she passed.
She didn’t deserve a man like Alex. How could she? She was a killer. She had killed hundreds of people. Most guilty, but not all of them. How could she justify being married to such a kind, caring man? He deserved so much better. Fawn hid her face as she passed Navia in the hall. She was certain her eyes were red from crying, and Navia would notice. Once she was clear of Navia’s inquisitive gaze, she bounded up the steps, hoping to avoid anyone else she knew. She was Raven, a cold-blooded killer. She didn’t cry!
Once in the room, she closed the door and took off her assassin’s outfit. She threw it on a chair and put on her normal pajamas. She was too upset to try and tempt Alex with the maroon spaghetti-strapped one he loved so much. Besides, she didn’t feel she was worth his attention. She felt like a spec of dirt on the floor. Not even worthy of her husband’s time.
After about ten minutes of sulking on the edge of the bed, Alex opened the door with a smile. His smile faded when he saw his wife’s red eyes and sad posture. He quickly shut the door, and a sneaky grin spread across his face as he picked up her black assassin’s outfit.
“Should I put this in your dresser or…should I put it behind the dresser with your red one?” he grinned wickedly.
Fawn looked up, and her mouth fell open, then she stood to face him.
“Mary told you!” Fawn yelled.
“Mary knew?” Alex asked sincerely.
“I had to have someone help me with that thing.” She pushed her breasts up. “The girls are a little large to hide like I used to. Had to put more padding in to make me look like a guy. Wait…how did you know then?” Fawn asked.
“Did you honestly think I wouldn’t know my own wife? The way you move. The way you walk. Ok, at first it was just a suspicion. That first match I had my doubts. But after you started fighting, I knew.” Alex took a few steps and held out the outfit. “We could just burn it.”
“What if I need it again?” Fawn asked.
“We have The Blades of Truth for that,” Alex comforted.
Fawn stood and looked up at her husband.
“You keeping the red one for next year? Is The Red Assassin going to come back to defend his title after all?” Alex laughed.
“No,” Fawn laughed. “I think The Red Assassin and Raven are both retired.”
“Good,” Alex said and threw the outfit back on the chair. “I’m much more interested in Fawn Kurts.” He put his arms around her waist, and she looked up at him inquisitively.
Alex saying her full name filled her with joy. Had any words ever sounded as good as Alex saying her full name?
“How are you so damn smart?” Fawn asked.
“Practice, lots of practice. I have to keep up with you somehow,” Alex replied.
“I don’t deserve a man like you,” Fawn admitted.
Alex eased her toward the bed and pushed her playfully. She fell back and bounced then Alex flopped down beside her. He propped up his head and used his other hand to push the hair from her eyes.
“I don’t deserve you…but I guess that’s why we are so good together. Each feeling the other is too good for them and hoping one day they will be worthy.” Alex leaned in and kissed Fawn gently. He pulled away and looked down on her curiously. “Aren’t you going to get bored?”
“What do you mean?” Fawn asked.
“You were the world’s best assassin once, and now you are the world’s best fighter. What the hell are you going to do all day? Help your pathetic husband mediate farming disputes?” Alex asked with a laugh.
“Well…I was thinking.” Fawn shut both eyes and cringed. She pulled her shoulders up, then opened one eye. “Maybe Ella needs a little brother or sister?”
Alex’s face lit up.
“Are you serious?!” he asked. She had rarely seen him so happy.
“Is it ok then?” Fawn asked, she relaxed a little but was still waiting to make sure he was sincere.
“Is it ok? It’s wonderful! I’ve been thinking about how much I miss Ella and how fun it would be to have another little one running around…” Alex said, but Fawn interrupted.
“Pooping, puking, crying and biting?” she asked with a laugh.
“Sure, beats putting up with plots to have you and I killed,” Alex replied.
“When would you be wanting this new addition? Next spring?” Fawn asked.
“Why don’t we start right now?” Alex asked and leaned in. He started kissing her neck.
“Right now works for me,” she laughed and laced her fingers through his hair.
A loud knock ran out through the bedroom.
“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me!” Fawn exclaimed.
A silly grin came over Alex’s face.
“I can fix this,” Alex said and raised his eyebrows.
“So, help me, if you answer that fucking door I’m going to beat whoever is on the other side,” Fawn said angrily.
“Don’t worry. I can fix this. Trust me,” Alex grinned.
“Ok,” Fawn whined and rolled her eyes.
Alex made his way to the door and gave Fawn another stupid grin.
“This is the last secret I promise,” he said. “Except if I’m getting you a present or something,” he added.
Alex opened the door, and Gregory stood on the other side.
“Al…” he started, but Alex didn’t let him finish.
“I’m taking two weeks off to spend with my lovely wife. If you need anything, bring it to our new steward, Navia,” Alex said confidently.
“But…” Gregory started, but Alex cut him off again.
“Unless Navia herself knocks on this door I’m not opening it again.” Alex slammed the door and locked it.
“Navia is our new steward?” Fawn asked.
“Why do you think I’ve been spending so much time with her?” Alex asked as he walked quickly back to bed.
“I don’t know,” Fawn replied.
“You didn’t think…?” Alex started.
“No,” Fawn argued very unconvincingly.
“You did!” Alex exclaimed. “I would never do that!”
Alex plopped down on the bed beside her.
“How could you even think that?!” Alex asked.
“We haven’t really been…alone…in quite a while,” Fawn replied.
“How can I make it up to you? Did Fox leave any bruises?” Alex lifted his eyebrows and made a silly face.
“Oh, tons. I don’t think you can see them, but they’re everywhere,” Fawn laughed. “You know how dangerous bruises can be.” She smirked at Alex.
“Oh my! I better get to work right away.” Alex leaned in and pulled the collar of Fawns pajama’s down. He kissed her below her neckline then looked up at her. “You’re right. They’re everywhere. This might take all night.”
“That’s what I was hoping for,” Fawn replied with a laugh.
The End


If you enjoy my work, please leave me a review. Indie authors, like myself, need reviews to keep doing what we do. I appreciate the feedback and enjoy hearing from my readers, whether it be compliments, suggestions, or criticisms.
Want to know when my new books are coming out? Sign up for my mailing list to receive a head’s up when my books will go live.
I'm looking for a few reviewers.
Interested in receiving free books for an honest review with no commitment? You will receive copies of my new books for free but only review the ones you want to review. If this sounds like something you would be interested in, sign up for my mailing list and enter REVIEW as your name.
You can also check me out on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/StevenSterupJrAuthor/ or on my website at www.StevenSterupJr.com.

MOUS Investigations Series
Cassy Mousman and Zach Nielson each grew up with their adoptive parents, knowing nothing about each other nor why, as adults, they are inexplicably linked. The murder of Cassy’s father causes her to trick Zach into becoming her unwitting partner in her search to find out what they really are. She knows they are not human, but nothing in her father’s books can explain her unusual abilities nor why countless orphans were deposited on human doorsteps the same day she was.
Perhaps with Zach’s help, she can finally discover what they really are and why everything seems to revolve around the unassuming accountant, Zach. In the meantime, all she can do is help the supernaturals like her father had and piece together the clues to this puzzle.

    
  
Case of the Docile Dhampir Book 1
The Ghoul from Galveston Book 2
Deceptive Dragons and Duplicitous Sisters Book 3
A Wendigo in Wisconsin Book 4
Ogres in Oakland, Oh My! Book 5

The 21st Curse Collection
The 21st Curse is not a standard series, but rather a collection of stories about werewolves and witches.
The lives of witches and werewolves are entwined in an age old curse. The witches need the werewolves to protect them and the werewolves need witches to salvage their sanity.
A book handed down for generations spells out the terms of their contract in a way that none with the curse can deny.
At the twenty-first hour on the twenty-first day of the twenty-first year, a child will become a beast. Such is the legend that is handed down, mother to son and father to daughter. On that fateful day, a choice must be made. One of consequence and importance. For on that day, a child who has transformed must choose between the evil of the curse and the responsibility of protecting their chosen. For no creature is as feared as the werewolf. A creature without conscience nor fear. It will feed on whoever is unlucky enough to cross its path or protect its charge until it ceases to draw breath.

  
The 21st Curse Book 1
The 21st Day Book 2


Asuune Series
Angels and vampires are real. In the world of the Asuune, half angel and half human, there is a secret war that has been going on for as long as man has walked the earth. Unbeknownst to Kathrine, her father is one of the war's soldiers, but what is even more surprising is that she is the war's only hope. Follow the life of Kathrine Albet and her father, Mark, as they fight the evil of fallen angels and vampires to save humanity. It would all be much easier if each Asuune didn't have one true love they couldn't ignore. Fighting the forces of evil may be hard, but resisting your true love is all but impossible.

  
Curse of the Asuune Book 1
Deception of the Asuune Book 2 (Conclusion)


Demonic Temptations
Samantha Lujuria is a therapist who specializes in disorders she calls Demonic Temptations. The desires that everyone harbors that are so distasteful or embarrassing that we can't even admit them to ourselves. Follow her as she tries to use her expertise to help half-demon offspring. Because for a demon, love is the biggest taboo of them all.
Set in the world of the Asuune several years after the events of Deception of the Asuune. Join Samantha as she gets help from many of your favorite characters from the Asuune series in her quest to keep half-demon offspring from destroying their lives as well as the people around them.


Demonic Temptations - Incubus Tormented Book 1

Lascaria Series
In the world of Lascaria, the evil king Lascar rules his kingdom through fear and intimidation. His magic is without equal. The worst part is that he grows stronger every year. No one can stand up to a man that is over 1,000 years old until his grandson Dhrel is born. Explore the world of Lascaria alongside Dhrel as he works to become the man everyone thinks he is.

    
  

Lascaria - Evil Reborn Book 1
Lascaria – Sins of the Ancestors Book 2
Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen Book 3
Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar Book 4
Lascaria – The Shadow King Book 5 (Conclusion)

Morven’s Legacy
Evil demons are trying to make their way into the world, and only the descendants of Morven have a chance at stopping them.
Christopher Morven is over three hundred years old and tired of fighting to keep the demons at bay. The magic that kept him alive has taken its toll, but finally, after all these years, he sees hope in his two granddaughters. They aren't ready, but they are very powerful. If anyone can bring this to an end, it will be them. They can succeed where he has failed, but they will need help.

  
The Fire Maiden’s Desire
To Seduce a Sorceress

Raven
Fawn, although most people know her by her code name Raven, is one of the best assassins in the world. When she takes on a very lucrative job to kidnap, then kill the prince, she realizes that the bumbling fool isn’t the cruel womanizer she’s been led to believe. She thought assassins were deceptive, nobles and Royals are worse. Can she find her way through this web of lies before it is too late? Despite his roguish charm and possible innocence, she has a job to do, and Raven always kills her mark.

  

Raven’s Embrace Book 1
Raven’s Gamble Book 2 (Conclusion)

The Order of Human Purity
The books in this category are not intended as a series. They are grouped together because they all happen within the same universe where The Order of Human Purity (known simply as 'The Order') is trying to rid the world of monsters.
They are written with the intention of making them similar but completely separate stories. There are no cliffhangers or continuations. The only things these books have in common are the world they take place in, The Order and the mischievous, immortal wraith Miraven who is neither good nor evil. She is simply bored of her immortal life and to spice things up she likes to toy with the lives of others, or so she would have everyone believe.

  
Kiss of the Lamia Book 1
Werewolf Bane Book 2


The Alpha Predator

When Adam Lance witnesses the attempted murder of a man, he becomes the only known witness to a serial killer who has gone unchecked for nearly five years. Special Detective Cheryl Torren soon realizes that Adam might be the one person who can help her catch the killer. With Adam's help, Cheryl finds out that the person they are hunting isn't a serial killer after all. The killer is a vigilante who only targets predators and soon gains the nickname 'The Alpha Predator'. Despite Adam's reluctance to catch this killer, it's still their job, and with his help, Cheryl might finally put an end to the killing spree, that is, if the killer doesn't find them first.


Auctor – Vengeful Intent

Disclaimer: This book contains a considerable amount of violence and dark emotions.
When Kaya Nichols' step-sister turns up dead, the apparent victim of a mugging, Kaya leaves behind her job as a foreign journalist to find out what really happened to her step-sister. At least that is the job everyone thinks she has. In reality, she is a fixer for a variety of powerful European mobs.
The men who killed her step-sister, Trish, think they've handled the problem until Kaya arrives back in the United States for her sister's funeral. Kaya isn't willing to let a single man responsible for her step-sister's death escape justice, even if it kills her in the process. She is a woman who has lost everything, so nothing matters other than revenge.
Explore the nightmare that has become Kaya's life as she tries to work through her anger and grief. And, as if, Trish's death wasn't enough. The man who ruined her life, her step-sister's husband, is a constant reminder of what she has lost and the secret she dares not tell anyone.


Immortal Consequences

When Kal Johnson, an immortal gargoyle, is attacked by an ancient vampire and framed for the murder of a human, his quiet life is thrown into chaos. But the universe, with its perverse sense of humor, has decided that now would be the perfect time for the punch line. Kal’s human wife, Brianna, has done the impossible. She is the first human in history to become pregnant with a gargoyle’s child.
This vampire is stronger and more cunning than any he has fought. The wife he adores and the child he never hoped for, give Kal something he has never had before, a weakness. Can Kal stop this ancient vampire before it takes everyone he loves? Taking his wife and child might accomplish what no vampire has ever been able to do. It might be enough to defeat the immortal Kal.



