Raven’s Embrace
Written By: Steven Sterup Jr.
Copyright 2017 Steven Sterup Jr.

Legal Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Special thanks to my wife Tammy for her help with editing and pretty much every step of making this book.


Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Epilogue 


Chapter 1
Fawn didn’t think of herself as a small woman. She preferred to refer to herself as petite. At five foot four, she wasn’t tall, but she also wasn’t short. She was very average, and that is exactly what she wanted to be. The mask she wore hid her face quite well, and Fawn’s shoulder-length, brunette hair was neatly pulled back in a small ponytail which she had tucked underneath her cap. She needed no distractions. This stupid test must go off without a hitch.
Fawn looked down at her feet on the narrow decorative ledge that traced the castle walls. It was, at most, four inches wide. How had the designers of this place not realized that someone might be able to use this to gain access to the royal bedrooms? The question came and went as more pressing matters filled her mind. One of them being her frustration with herself. This would have been much easier if she had remembered her wrist hooks. She had made them herself. A simple strap of leather that fastened to her wrist with a hook that could be used to hoist herself up when her fingers couldn’t find a hold. The metal for the hook and the leather for the strap were strong enough to hold her weight. She was, after all, petite.
Fawn laughed at herself silently. What kind of assassin thinks about such things at a time like this? At least she was wearing her leather shoes. These particular shoes were made for stealth. Instead of a hard sole, they had a quarter-inch thick sole made out of suede. Not the best thing for situations that required her to have waterproof shoes but for climbing and silent movement, they were perfect.
She laughed again in her head, this time at her previous thoughts, as she turned a narrow corner. The designers hadn’t considered this as a potential security breach because most assassins were men, and there was no way a man could get into the prince’s room like this. Fawn stretched her legs until she was almost doing the splits to get across a gap in the ledge. Fawn’s foot slipped, and she looked down at the ground. Three stories was a long way to fall. Even she couldn’t survive that. She chastised herself again for forgetting her wrist hooks. To be fair with herself, she hadn’t realized that there would be a test before the actual job. The more she thought about it, the more she realized that a try-out was a more accurate term for what this was.
The queen insisted that all the potential assassins be able to sneak into the prince’s room and steal one silver coin the queen had placed on the prince’s nightstand. She didn’t care how the assassin got the coin, but the prince was not to be harmed, and he couldn’t catch them. The prince’s death inside the castle would cause the queen many uncomfortable questions, as well as dangerous accusations. Since the king had died nearly six years ago, everyone in the kingdom, from lowly peasants to the royal advisors, suspected the queen had something to do with it.
Fawn didn’t care about the politics, nor the queen’s problems, she only cared about the money. And there was a lot of money on the line here. Twenty gold coins as a retainer with more to come as the job went on. This wasn’t going to be an easy stab and run. This had to be planned meticulously, so the queen was free from fault and even removed as a suspect in her husband’s death. There would be a patsy and a foreign conspiracy once it was all said and done. The pieces were laid out like a chessboard, and Fawn was a rook. At least she wasn’t a pawn. Her safety was not guaranteed, but, at least, neither was her death. The poor sucker that was going to take the fall for this, would suffer dearly at the hands of the royal court.
Fawn neared the window and checked it quietly. It was unlocked, just as the queen had promised. Not that she wouldn’t have been able to unlock it. She was quite possibly the fourth-best assassin in the whole kingdom. This was saying something, the kingdom of Selenthal was very large. In fact, it was by far the largest in the world. Even the three assassins that were considered better than her, wouldn’t have been able to pull off this stunt. Ok, well, to be fair, Cat probably could have, but she was either dead or retired, no one knew for sure. Fawn hoped for retired but in this line of work it was a pipe dream. Assassins never retired.
Fawn laughed quietly outside the window and quickly covered her mouth. What kind of narcissist names a whole kingdom after themselves? And what kind of name is Selenthal? The king who had named this place was long dead, and the current rulers were not his descendants. The current ruling family name was Kurts. Not a particularly ominous-sounding name but people don’t get to choose their names, not unless they were an orphan like she was. Truth be told, Smith was not her real last name. She didn’t have one. It was just the one she was using this month. She was raised by two very loving people, but these were not her parents. The loving couple that had adopted her died over ten years ago. Being an old couple, there was nothing outrageous nor devious about it. They had simply been too old to keep struggling with this rough world. Her adopted father died first, what seemed like a heart attack, while he was out plowing their one field. Her adopted mother died a week later. Fawn thought her mother might have died of a broken heart. These two loved each other very much. Her mother simply had no reason to keep living once her husband had passed.
Fawn, however, was her real name, as far as she was concerned. Her adopted mother and father had named her and told her the story of it as often as they could. She was named Fawn because her father had taken one look at her and made a comment about how she looked like a newborn fawn. She was so thin and frail, hardly making a sound as she sat on their doorstep wrapped in a blanket. Someone had left her at the old couple’s house, presumably her real parents. Fawn’s new mother decided then and there that her name would be Fawn. Her adopted parents never gave her a last name, and they didn’t force theirs on her either. They told her that if she ever found her real parents, she could decide if she wanted to take theirs, until then she was just Fawn.
Fawn pulled back from the window. A shadow moved across the dimly lit room and then she heard the door open. Two men stood inside, one a striking man with broad shoulders and a breathtaking face. This was the kind of man she could have a wonderful night with. His blond hair and blue eyes were almost mesmerizing, not to mention that body. The single candle in the room lit his face and his gorgeous body, making every ripple of his muscles stand out against his tight fitting shirt.
“Quit it Fawn,” she chastised herself quietly. “There will be plenty of time for pleasure later. After you have the gold.”
The second man looked rather ordinary. He wasn’t large, he was somewhat muscular, but he looked more like a stable hand than a prince. He was shorter than the man she assumed must be the prince by a good four inches. This man had brown hair that was neatly trimmed and brown eyes to match. He had a kind face that looked soft and caring. This was the type of man you wanted for a father or a best friend, not a one night stand. A sharp contrast from the beautiful man who had to be the prince.
Fawn stifled another laugh. She was having way too much fun with this job. Not having to kill someone filled her with a sense of relaxation. If only thieves made better money, she might have been one of those, but that was not the case, at least not in this kingdom. A thief would be lucky to get one job a month, barely enough to put food on the table, but assassins worked non-stop. There was always someone wanting someone else to end up dead, and they were willing to pay through the nose to have it done right.
Fawn felt a little warm staring at this specimen of male perfection. He was absolutely kissable, though that was not what she wanted to do to him. She thought for a moment and adjusted the cloth that was wrapped tightly around her breasts. Perhaps it wasn’t the man making her warm after all. Maybe it was just the cloth she used to hide the fact that she was a woman. She giggled quietly, as she looked back into the room. No, it was definitely him!
Fawn was a master of disguise or so her mentor, Wolf, had told her. She was also good at manipulating people and ‘out conning the conmen’ as Wolf put it. She never went on a job unprepared, the one exception being this try-out. Often times, Wolf made the joke that if she wouldn’t over-prepare, she would be able to take on more jobs. These were the reason’s her code name was Raven. The epitome of death, its dark outline stalking you, just waiting for its chance to steal your life. Most people didn’t realize it, but Ravens were also very intelligent and cunning. Fawn loved her code name. It made her feel smart and deadly.
Each assassin had a code name to protect their identity. It was hard to get a job without a name, but using your real name could get you killed. Cat was the woman considered to be the best assassin in the world, let alone this kingdom, despite the fact that she had been missing for ten years now. Wolf, currently second to Cat, was Fawn’s mentor and occasional lover. She sometimes thought of Wolf as a friend, but as Wolf always said, ‘Assassins have no friends other than their blades.’ Then there was Stallion, number three. This blustering buffoon loved his codename, probably because he thought it meant he was some kind of stud. In reality, he was given this name partly due to his womanizing but mostly because he couldn’t sneak up on a passed out drunk. He was heavy-footed, almost like he had hooves, but damn the man could fight, and he was strong as a horse. One on one, no one stood a chance against him.
None of the assassins knew the other’s real names. In fact, the only time their real name was used was when they took a contract with a client. This was the first and most important rule of being an assassin. Well, after the ‘Don’t get dead’ rule but that one went without saying. Giving the client their real name meant there was no backing out of the deal by either party. Knowing an assassin’s real name and going back on the deal, or even trying to short the payment was a death sentence. After the job was over the client had their name, but there was rarely an occurrence of them using it. The few times a client had been stupid enough to use an assassin’s real name outside of the contract, ended very quickly and very badly for the client.
Fawn watched the two men with interest, mostly the one she was positive was the prince. They needed to leave the room. It was getting cold out here. The wind had picked up, and soon, this entrance would not be a suitable exit.
The two men finally moved to the doorway. Her curiosity got the better of her, and she cracked the window to hear what was being said.
“I didn’t say I slept with your sister,” the short brown-haired one said.
“You didn’t say you didn’t?” the pristine specimen of manhood replied.
Wait, the prince didn’t have a sister. Was the unimpressive and boring man the prince?
The larger man smacked, the shorter one on the shoulder, and he tripped backward then fell flat on his ass.
“Are you alright, my prince?” the large man asked with concern.
Damn it! He was the prince!
“I’m fine, Gregory. If I had a silver for every time I fell down, I’d be rich.” The prince picked himself up and dusted off his pants.
“Sir, you are rich,” Gregory replied, confused.
The prince smacked the large man on the chest and laughed.
“See, I told you so.” The prince put his hand on Gregory’s shoulder, then ushered him out of the room.
“Did you really sleep with Mina?” Gregory asked again. Gregory didn’t sound overly concerned, just curious.
“Why don’t you ask her,” the prince replied with a laugh. “I’m sure she will tell you all about it at dinner.”
The door to the prince’s room slowly closed then Fawn heard a click.
“Finally!” Fawn exclaimed, frustrated with the imbecilic prince. Knowing he was the prince, instead of the gorgeous man, made her even more frustrated with the inept fool. How could that delicious specimen be a bodyguard? Men that looked like him were supposed to be princes.
Fawn pushed the window open angrily and silently slipped inside, the single candle blew out. The room was now completely dark, just the way she liked it. Before she could even look for the coin, the door came flying open. Luckily the prince was facing away from the room. Fawn quickly slid under the bed and pulled herself up, using the boards that supported it.
Great, the first place any sensible person looks for an intruder is under the bed. What the hell was she thinking? She could have chosen the closet. Even a dark corner was better than under the damn bed. She hated jobs where she couldn’t properly prepare, but the queen had said it was part of the test. No wonder she never became a thief, she really sucked at it. Improvisation was not her strong suit. There were times she wished she sucked as an assassin. She hated the jobs where she was required to kill innocent people. These jobs made Fawn hate herself a little, but what else could she be? She was good at killing people and getting away with it. There were not many jobs where that skill was useful.
The prince turned and looked into the room, puzzled.
“I could swear I left the candle burning. Gregory, I think I’m getting senile as well as clumsy,” the prince laughed then turned back the way he had come. The door slowly closed again.
Fawn breathed a sigh of relief when the door clicked shut and scolded herself again. Never, never hide under the damn bed. Her easy, nonlethal job had become complicated and frustrating thanks to him. What a complete moron, and who sleeps with their bodyguard’s sister? That’s a sure-fire way to get yourself killed. Gregory would have every right to look the other way while someone killed the halfwit prince.
Fawn eased her way back onto the floor, rolled out and looked around the room. She had been too busy to notice the room when the two men had been in it. It was far too much fun to imagine herself with Gregory. Even the name elicited heat in places she’d rather not think about right now.
She shook her head and chastised herself again.
“Get the coin and get out, you horny schoolgirl,” she whispered to herself.
It was no wonder she couldn’t stop thinking about Gregory. She had just come from a job for the queen right before starting this one. She had spent a month tracking down a man who beat his wife to death, leaving their son an orphan. The man got what he deserved, and Fawn enjoyed every minute of his torture and eventual death. However, traipsing around the woods for a whole month didn’t exactly give her time to indulge her womanly desires. Hell, at this point, she might even consider sleeping with the dimwit. It would at least be a warm body beside her. Well, hopefully not beside her. Inside her would be preferable.
Fawn covered her mouth when she realized her giggle was a little too loud this time.
“Enough, I need to find that coin,” Fawn whispered to herself.
The petite assassin scoured the room. She was surprised at how messy it was. This dolt of a man had clothes everywhere. She doubted that she had ever even had this many clothes. A slob, a clumsy oaf, and his sense of timing was absolutely horrible. What else could she find to loathe about this prince who looked more like a stable hand?
Finally, she found the coin on the end table, just where the queen had said it would be. She picked it up and started toward the window. When she had almost reached it, she heard voices getting closer.
“Gregory, come on. She’s fibbing to you. I didn’t kiss her. She’s embellishing. Come on, Greg,” the halfwit was pleading.
Fawn slipped out the window and gently pushed the window until it was almost closed. She left it open just a crack because this conversation was just too good to miss. The halfwit deserved to get his licks. Who sleeps with their bodyguard’s sister? A moron, that’s who.
In came Gregory, holding the dimwit up by his shirt collar. The prince struggled to touch his toes to the floor. Gregory threw the prince onto the bed, and the prince laughed. The moron thought it was amusing. She was almost hoping to see Gregory strangle the buffoon, but he didn’t. He just slammed the door with enough force that the window beside her was blown open.
“Gregory, listen to me,” the prince called after his guard. Then the prince noticed the open window. “I am getting senile. I don’t even remember opening this.
Fawn slid her foot away from the window and adeptly did a cartwheel, gracefully landing across the gap she had traversed before. She pulled herself tight against the wall, making use of the shadow that was cast in this corner of the wall.
The prince opened the window the rest of the way and looked out. He looked back and forth, then pulled his head back inside.
“Man it’s cold out there. Why would I leave the window open?” The prince shut the window, and Fawn sighed.
The stupid oaf had almost caught her. At least he was stupid, or he would have noticed the white skin above her mask. Was the prince also nearsighted or just that stupid? Anyone with half a brain could have seen her. In her line of work, it was not really possible to get a tan. Her skin was as white as the moon above.
“What a twit,” Fawn said quietly as she continued her return journey to the queen’s chamber window.
The petite assassin slipped back into the queen’s chambers. Truthfully, this was the king’s chambers, but because of the king’s untimely death and the prince’s obvious inability to lead a herd of lemmings off the side of a cliff, the queen was in charge of the whole kingdom. Fawn liked that a woman was in charge for once, but she didn’t like this queen. This queen came off as cruel and vindictive. It was no wonder people thought she had killed her husband. She was kind to no one, at least not from what Fawn had seen.
Fawn straightened out her clothes and was startled by a voice behind her.
“Did you get it?” the queen asked spitefully. “You weren’t gone very long.”
“Yes, ma’am, I have it.” Fawn forced her voice to a lower octave. She didn’t want to give away the fact that she was a woman. At least not until she was actually hired. Fawn reached inside her jacket pocket and pulled out the coin before dropping it into the queen’s impatient hand.
It was funny that the queen didn’t already know her name nor that she was a woman, even though she had done one job for the queen already. The reason for this was that Fawn hadn’t directly accepted the previous job from the queen. Some servant had approached her with a bag of gold and a story about a man that beat a woman to death. This was all Fawn needed. She bent the rules a little and accepted the job without giving her name. The money was already in hand and the client couldn’t very well back out now. It was strange that the queen didn’t require any assurances, nor did she even want to meet the assassin, but then again, this queen was nothing if not strange.
“I’m pleased.” The queen turned from Fawn and looked at the older man beside her. This man must have been in his late sixties. The queen was probably in her early forties maybe late thirties. Then Fawn did the math in her head. The prince was going to be thirty, and the queen had him when she was thirty-one. She added it up in her head and realized that the queen was actually much older than she looked. Damn, that made her sixty-one. She didn’t look a day over forty.
The queen had braided dark brown hair and a complexion that most women would kill for. Her cheekbones were high, and the makeup made them look even more striking. Despite her youthful appearance, she had a hard look to her. Perhaps it was intentional, perhaps not, but every time the queen looked at Fawn, it was like she wanted nothing more than to see her die.
“Put this back in my son’s room for the next applicant,” the queen said cruelly to the kind-looking old man.
“Are you sure? I think we have found our man,” the elderly man said cringing.
Fawn quickly learned the reason for the man’s demeanor as the queen slapped the old man hard enough to send him stumbling backward.
“I said put it in my son’s room!” the queen yelled then turned to Fawn. In a moment, she returned her gaze to the recovering servant. “Wait, I think you might be right, Jensen. I’m sorry I struck you.”
Jensen straightened his clothes and stood facing the queen again.
“No need to apologize ma’am. I spoke out of turn. Won’t happen again.” Jensen was then quiet and looked at the floor. Maybe he was afraid that even his kind words were spoken out of turn.
“Yes, yes, you always did forget your place. I will let it slide this time.” The queen studied Fawn’s face, the little she could see of it above the mask that covered her nose and mouth. “Quite delicate for an assassin,” the queen commented.
“I can get the job done.” Fawn used the deep voice again, trying to sound like a man.
She hated trying to imitate a man’s speech. She never quite got it right, and her normally high voice, slipped through once in a while.
“Show me your face,” the queen demanded.
“If you see my face the contract is binding,” Fawn lied in her deep male voice.
The queen suddenly laughed, and Fawn was puzzled as to why.
“Don’t play me for a fool. I would need to know your name first, my dear.” The queen turned and waved for Jensen to leave the room, and he did as quickly as he could. When the door was shut, the queen continued. “And you can quit with the fake voice. I’m sure your throat must be pretty sore by now.”
Fawn lowered the mask from her face and looked at the queen. She needed to be more careful with this one. The queen knew about assassin rules and had figured out that she was a woman. That had never happened in all the years she had been an assassin. Truthfully, she hadn’t spoken much, grunts, yes, no, simple one-word answers, but still this woman had a devious intelligence that she needed to be wary of.
“That’s better, now what is your name?” the queen asked.
“This means I have the job?” Fawn asked, just to make sure. She wasn’t about to break this rule.
“Yes, my dear. You have the job,” the queen replied, then sat in the large chair behind the enormous desk. She looked out of place in it. Such a small woman in such a large chair. It almost made her look like a child. Fawn thought that the queen might only be an inch or two taller and maybe ten pounds heavier than herself.
“My name is Fawn,” she answered.
“Good, then the deal is struck, all that remains are the terms.” The queen reached into one of the drawers of the huge desk and pulled out two bags of gold. She set one on the table. “Here is your down payment.” She placed the second on the table. “This is your first week’s pay.”
“Week?” Fawn asked, confused.
“Yes, the terms I spoke of. You are not to kill the prince until I say so. If you do, the next bag of gold will be for your head on a platter. Do you understand?” The queen looked menacing and evil. Fawn didn’t doubt that the queen would have her killed. She was a good assassin, but how long could even the best survive when there was a bounty on their head?
“Yes, ma’am,” Fawn replied.
“You are to capture my son when he goes to the tavern tomorrow night. He will be with Gregory. You will drug them both then take my son to a cabin I have prepared for you in the woods. Instructions and a map are in the second bag. No one and I mean, absolutely no one is to follow you or even know where you are going. If you are found with my son, you will become the patsy. Do I make myself clear?” The queen leaned on her hand and raised one eyebrow. She was less menacing now but looked just as deadly.
“Yes, ma’am, no one,” Fawn added to clarify that she was keeping up.
“Good, you will meet with me every Friday at exactly seven forty-five at night to get further instructions and your next week’s pay.” The queen stood and walked around the desk to shake on the deal. She held out her hand, but as Fawn reached for it, she pulled back.
“One more thing, this wasn’t really a concern until I found out you were a woman. Under no circumstances are you to have sexual relations with my son. He will try to con your pants off before he tries to con his way out of the cage. Believe me, he has a way with women. They just fall over and spread their legs like he is…,” The queen paused, trying to find an appropriate word to stress her point. “Well, like he is the prince.” The queen laughed evilly at her own joke then continued. “His silver tongue has gotten him into more trouble, and more beds, than the boy is worth. And if he’s not conning the panties off of princesses, he’s in the village around the castle, abusing the peasants and deflowering their daughters. Don’t let him fool you. He is not what he pretends to be. Believing his lies for one second could cost you this job and your life.” The queen held out her hand again.
“Yes, ma’am, I would never. There are strict rules against relations with marks.” Fawn shook the queen’s hand and loathed the dimwit prince a little more.
“I know about the rules, but you don’t know my son.” The queen turned and waved her hand. Fawn grabbed the two sacks of gold and was out the window before the queen could change her mind.

Chapter 2
Fawn watched closely as Gregory and Alexander, the prince, entered the run-down tavern. She finally had the halfwit’s name. The queen had slipped it to her, along with the instructions and the drugs required, inside the second bag of gold. Even the halfwit’s name was annoying. What kind of spoiled brat was called Alexander? No wonder the queen’s son had turned out to be such an ass. With a name like Alexander, what else could he become?
Along with the instructions was a detailed map of where to find the cabin, although Fawn wouldn’t call it a cabin. How many cabins were twenty feet wide by thirty feet deep? This place had no furnishings except a changing screen, a cage to keep the prince in and a bed for herself. There was, of course, a fireplace and a counter to prepare food but, other than that, it was empty space. How was she going to be able to stand sharing the same space as prince dimwit for a whole week? It was like the queen was not only sentencing her son to death but punishing Fawn as well.
Fawn straightened out her rags, or rather, ruffled them even further. She had messed up her hair and put a few sticks in it. She covered her face with dirt as well as her hands then put on a ratty, dirty, brown dress that she found at the cabin. This was a full-length winter dress with a matching long-sleeve jacket, which had holes in it. She finished off her outfit by tearing an old sheet to shreds and wrapping her hands in it. She looked the part of a beggar.
Fawn opened the door to the tavern and spotted her mark right away. He and the magnificent Gregory were sitting at a table right next to the bar. There was a moderately attractive waitress flirting with the both of them as she poured them some concoction that resembled ale. The waitress was a medium-sized woman with long blond hair, full hips, and breasts to match. Fawn couldn’t help but notice, because they were practically falling out every time she bent over to flirt with Gregory.
Fawn smirked as she made her way to a back table. That woman was in for some fun if she kept going. Gregory looked like the type of man with stamina to spare, and he sure seemed to like his waitress. He was making silly, flirty faces at her and smiling every time she looked his way. The man seemed to be trying as hard as possible to get her attention, but the waitress was playing hard to get.
Then Fawn noticed something, her preconceptions were wrong. This woman wasn’t playing hard to get. She was teasing her husband. Gregory was married to the waitress!
Fawn’s face sank. Her dreams of ravishing the sturdy man dashed. Why did he have to be married? One of Fawn’s most important rules, her rules, not the assassin’s, was that she never messed with a married man. She wouldn’t want it done to her, so she wasn’t going to do it to another woman. That is, if she ever did get married. Assassins didn’t get married. They barely had time and energy for a one night stand, let alone years of devotion to one person.
“Well, there goes that idea,” Fawn frowned as she looked down at the dirty, half-empty plate of something on her table. It looked like it once had been a pork chop, maybe a slab of beef. It was so seasoned and burnt that all she could smell was the spices, and in the dim light of the tavern, it was hard to tell what it once had been. “Great, now I’m sick to my stomach as well,” she whispered as she pushed the plate to the opposite side of the table.
Fawn raised her hand, and the waitress walked up slowly. It was plain to see that Fawn’s disguise was working. The woman gave her a dirty look then looked at the plate. To her surprise, the apparent beggar hadn’t gobbled down the remnants of the meal that sat on the plate.
“What can I get ya, hun?” the almost attractive waitress asked with a snide look. What she was saying without saying it was. ‘There are no handouts. You’d better have money.’
Fawn caught on to this right away and tossed five coppers on the table.
“What can you get me with this?” Fawn asked and suddenly realized that she had forgotten to speak like a beggar. She quickly rethought her role. She would now be a down and out woman, left by her husband for another woman. This was even better, it would garner sympathy. This was exactly why she hated improvisation. One mistake and you had to rethink everything, luckily the waitress didn’t look too bright.
“Not much, hun. Maybe a bowl of soup? Or I could get you an ale to warm your body?” the waitress asked a little nicer than the first time, but not by much.
“My husband took all my money and left with my little sister.” Fawn put her face in her hand and pretended to cry. “Just the soup, please. If you have some stale bread that doesn’t cost too much, I have a few more coppers.” Fawn looked up, after rubbing some of the dirt in her eyes. It was quite easy to fake crying.
“You poor dear. Let me see what we got back there,” the waitress grabbed the plate and walked quickly back to the kitchen. Now was her chance. While Gregory’s wife, even the word made Fawn mad, was walking back, she could slip the drugs into their drinks.
Fawn got up and walked cautiously toward prince dimwit’s table. She pretended to trip and dropped the drugs right into their cups, a double dose for Gregory.
“Apologies good sirs. I’m just tired. Been a long few days.” Fawn said, acting weak.
Gregory quickly grabbed her wrists and turned her hands over to check for weapons.
“Greg, please, this woman looks like she’s had it rough. Give her some slack,” Alexander said. This surprised Fawn. Was this an act? The prince was supposed to be a womanizing creep.
Alexander shoved his hand into his pocket and got out a gold coin. He put it in the palm of one of Fawn’s hands then closed her hand over it.
“Please get a room here, for the night at least. Use the rest for food. I’ll stop up on my way out to make sure you are ok. I’m sorry for your troubles ma’am.” The prince looked kind and caring. Surely this was an act. Then Fawn got it. ‘Check on her later.’ This was his grand plan. That was code for I’ll come sneak into your room and you had better not say no. He was a manipulative jerk who took advantage of peasant women, just like his mother said.
“Thank you, sir. I’m sorry again for the trouble.” Fawn walked weakly back to her table to watch and wait.
Within a few minutes, the waitress brought her some soup and a bun. Since she was hungry, Fawn ate them. It wasn’t the best soup, and the bun was indeed stale, but it also wasn’t the worst food she’d eaten. It was a damn sight better than the pork chop, beef thingy that stunk like burnt pepper. She watched the two men carefully, and they soon started acting very drunk. They added more ale to their bellies, and in no time they were both passed out.
When Gregory’s wife headed to the kitchen with another load of empty plates, Fawn made her move. She snuck out the back door and found a puddle of water. First, she washed off her face and her hands then pulled off the strips of sheet on her hand and pulled the dress over her head. Within two minutes she had makeup on and a bright red dress with a white undershirt. It wasn’t as revealing as the waitress’s, but it had a decent amount of cleavage. When she was done with this, she straightened her hair and put all her supplies inside a bag she had hidden under her beggar's dress. Now she looked like a moderately rich patron.
Fawn reentered the bar and sauntered up to two men at the table next to hers. She had seen them down at least four ales in the time she was there. It was doubtful they would remember her. She walked up to them.
“Would you kind sirs help me get my boyfriend to his horse? He’s had too much, and I’m not strong enough to move him.” Fawn batted her eyelashes at them and bent in so they could look down her shirt. It was doubtful that the men would even remember her face. Her breasts, they could probably pick out of a lineup, but not her face. Men were so easy.
These pitiful simpletons helped her get the prince out to a horse she had ready. She even tipped them a silver each. They continued to stare at her chest until she was on the horse with the prince in tow. Then they went back inside arguing about which one she had been flirting with.
This was almost too simple.
She rode for about an hour and finally arrived back at the cabin. She pulled the dimwit off the horse and drug his heavy body into the cage, then locked it tight.
He had been slightly heavier than she thought and, to her surprise, he was in really good shape. Even though every muscle in his body was limp, she could feel that there wasn’t an ounce of fat on the man. He may have been an idiot and a despicable human being, but at least he took care of his body. She might get a little eye candy. He would eventually need to bath himself. They would, after all, be there for a whole week.
Fawn slapped herself on the forehead.
“What are you thinking?” she asked herself. She pulled the dress over her head and stood there in her underwear and the white shirt she had on under the dress. “It’s been way too long. Don’t go ogling the womanizing moron. Sheesh.”
“What’s that?” Alexander slurred and then fell on his face as he tried to get a better look at his surroundings. He looked up from the floor of his cell and saw Fawn just as she turned to meet his gaze. “Damn! Am I in heaven?”
Fawn looked down and realized what she was wearing. She grabbed the dress from the floor and covered her bottom half. She was just lucky it hadn’t happened a minute later, or she would have been topless as well.
“You’re sturdy. How are you awake already?” Fawn asked rhetorically. The dose the queen gave her should have lasted another hour, maybe two. Combined with the ale he had imbibed, he should have been out all night.
“Night, pretty lady,” Alexander said, then his face smashed into the floor with a thud.
“Oh, that’s gonna hurt in the morning,” Fawn laughed.
At least there wasn’t blood. He hadn’t broken his nose. The floor was packed dirt, very packed. It was nearly as hard as stone. The drugs, the ale and now the face planting into the hard floor, would give prince dimwit a hell of a hangover.
Once she was sure the prince was really asleep, she finished undressing and slid into bed. She needed to be wide awake in the morning. She would have an angry prince to deal with, and she wasn’t entirely sure about the cage the queen had provided. She didn’t even get the chance to test the bars or anything. She hated being unprepared. This whole job just sucked. Soon Fawn drifted off to sleep cursing prince dimwit and his cruel mother.
In the morning she was woken by the sound of clanging against the bars. Then came the yelling.
“Hello?! Are you in there?! I think there’s been a huge mistake!” the prince yelled. Then he put his hands on his head. “What the hell did I drink?”
“What the fuck are you screaming about?!” Fawn yelled back.
“Sorry, miss. I think there’s been a mistake. I’m Prince Alexander Kurts. I’m not sure…” the prince started, but Fawn quickly cut him off.
“There’s been no mistake you idiot. You’ve been kidnapped, and when my client is ready, I will kill you.” Fawn sat up in bed and kept the sheet close to her chest. She always slept nude. She hated the feeling of clothing as she slept. Even in the dead of winter, she felt better with her bare skin against a warm blanket.
Alexander stood there, mouth agape then plopped onto his bed. He put his hands on his forehead and pulled his hair back. His head pounded like someone had stomped on it, and his new reality wasn’t helping.
Fawn wrapped the sheet around herself and grabbed some clothes from the pile beside the bed before walking to the changing screen. Why did it have to be on the other side of the room? Her bed was bolted to the floor on one side, and the changing screen bolted to the floor on the other, right next to the cage. The cage, of course, also could not be moved. Who had designed this place?
Once behind the screen, she dropped the sheet and got dressed.
Out of the corner of his eye, Alexander registered what was going on. He cautiously watched the silhouette of a thin, beautiful woman put on clothes. Thin wasn’t the right word. She had curves, damn she had curves. She was just small, but not where it mattered. Her hips and breasts, even her ass looked amazing. Through the nearly translucent screen, he could see almost everything, at least in outline. The light coming from the window on the other side made it even easier.
Why had this beautiful woman kidnapped him? Then her words registered with new urgency to him. When her client was ready, she was going to kill him!
“Why are you going to kill me?!” Alexander yelled.
A completely dressed Fawn stepped out from behind the screen, and Alexander’s jaw dropped. She wore tight leather pants and a white, button-up top that had the top three buttons undone.
“Sorry for the look. My client provided me with clothes. At least they fit but sheesh, did she think I was a streetwalker or a pirate?” Fawn looked down and did up another button. It quickly undid itself. “And half the buttons don’t work right.”
Alexander heard the word and put it away for later. She. The client was a she, but that wasn’t important right now. He needed to figure out more.
“So, are you an assassin or a kidnapper?” Alexander asked, still sitting on his bed.
“This week, I’m both,” Fawn snapped at him, then walked outside through a door in the back. “Aha!” she exclaimed and came back in with two chairs. She set one outside the cage and the other she put in the middle of the room facing the cage. Then she walked quickly back out the door and reappeared with a small table. “They do have furniture.”
“So,” Alexander started slowly. “I’d guess that you won’t tell me who hired you.” Fawn nodded as she sat on the chair facing the cage. “Can you at least tell me why?”
“Don’t know, don’t care. Maybe because you abuse peasants who trust you. Maybe because you prey on helpless girls. Maybe because you’re a halfwit jerk!” Fawn fumed.
Alexander laughed, and Fawn looked at him curiously.
“I thought you said you didn’t care? Seems to me like you care a lot. You’ve got it all wrong, but you do care.” Alexander was trying to engage her in conversation. This woman, whoever she was, was not experienced in kidnapping. He, however, had been trained from a young age about how to deal with kidnappers. First, you had to engage them in conversation. Next, you had to get them to see you as a person. This woman saw him as a person, a person she loathed, but a person nonetheless. It was a start.
“Fuck you!” she yelled, then walked out the back door again and slammed it.
“If that option is on the table, I’d take it,” Alexander laughed quietly to himself then cradled his aching head.
At least he had been kidnapped by a goddess of a woman. It could have been a smelly, vile man with bad teeth and a bad disposition. Bad disposition, check. The rest, not so much.
Alexander put his hands behind his head and sprawled out in bed. This was going to suck. The getting killed part was also going to suck, but at least he had time to find a way out or at the very least, talk her out of it. He wasn’t overly worried. Getting upset and frantic wasn’t going to get him out of this. He needed to think clearly and listen to every word this woman said. She had already given him one clue.
Now was not the time to try to escape. He could still hear the woman yelling and hitting things outside the cabin. No, he would wait until she was gone to get food, or off to meet her client. Sometime when he was completely alone. Then he would test the bars, the locks, and anything else he could.
The prince shot up in bed as revelation struck him. He knew where he was! His father had brought him here as a boy. This was the fishing cabin. The furnishings were all gone, and this cage had definitely not been here before, but the walls, the floor. This was the fishing cabin. He now had his second piece of information. Very few people even knew about this cabin. Gregory, his mom, the royal council, and that was about it. Oh yeah, Jensen, he also knew. That narrowed the search…he couldn’t finish the thought. Out of them all, there was only one woman, his mother.
Horror struck him as he thought. He put his face in his hands and tried to come up with a logical explanation for this. Maybe the gorgeous woman had mistakenly said she. Maybe there was another woman who knew about this place. His mother couldn’t want him dead. It just wasn’t possible. Why?
Fawn walked back in with an armful of firewood.
“Can’t have your stupid ass freezing to death. I’d never get my money if you died too soon.” She tossed the logs into the fireplace then struggled with a flint and tinder set, trying to light it.
“I could help you with that if you like,” Alexander offered.
“Nice try, I’m not an idiot. The fireplace is over here, and you’re stuck in there.” Fawn glowered at him and waited for his response.
“No, I didn’t mean let me out. Well, I wouldn’t mind that, but I wasn’t trying to fool you. I also don’t want to freeze my ass off. I have a week to live. I’d rather not spend it shivering and coughing.” Alexander gave her a half-smile and cocked one eyebrow.
“Then what did you have in mind?” Fawn asked curiously.
“Umm, get me the tinder, small sticks, and maybe some leaves. Set them outside my cage and give the flint to me. I’ll make a small fire right here, and you can transfer it to the fireplace. Sound like a deal?” Alexander asked. Ingratiate yourself with your captor, check.
“Fine,” Fawn growled. She piled up sticks then threw leaves on them before setting the tools outside the cage.
Alexander stretched his arms through the bars, and soon he had a small fire going.
“All set,” Alexander stated. “I don’t suppose I get to know your name.”
“Thanks,” Fawn said snidely before pushing the small fire over to the fireplace with a longer stick. Once the burning pile of sticks was in the fireplace, she answered his query. “I suppose it doesn’t break any rules to tell you my name since you will be dead Friday. I’m Fawn.”
“Wait!” Alexander shouted. “You said I had a week. That is only three days!”
“Shit, you’re right. Sorry about that.” Fawn said, almost kindly.
Alex plopped back on his bed and struggled with his thoughts. He needed to move more quickly. Three days wasn’t a lot of time. He looked at Fawn and smiled.
“Now that’s a name.” Alexander stood and walked to the bars.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Fawn asked.
“Fawn, it’s pretty, feminine, and quite suiting.” Alexander smiled, hoping she would look at him, but she was more interested in checking what food was in the cabinets.
“Suiting because…?” Fawn asked. Her irritation grew as he spoke.
“You’re small and thin. You have light brown hair. It suits you.” Alexander said this proudly.
“I’m not small. I’m petite.” She turned and looked at him, angrily.
“Yes, that’s what I meant. Small and thin, petite. I…” Alexander struggled.
“Shut up.” Fawn said exasperated. She returned to her searching and then put her hands on her hips. “Great! I’ll be back in an hour or so. We have no food.”
She grabbed a jacket from the pile of clothes beside the bed and headed out the door. Alexander sat there for a second and when he was about ready to start testing the bars Fawn flung the door open and looked at him with contempt.
“You’d better be here when I get back. If you cheat me out of my money, I’ll hunt you down and kill you in your sleep.” Fawn looked at him and waited for a reply though she hadn’t asked a question.
“I’m sorry?” Alexander looked at her, confused. What else was he supposed to say?
“You’re sorry? For what? For thinking about escaping? For being a bastard? What the hell are you sorry for?! You’re supposed to say that you won’t try to escape.” Fawn put her hands on her hips and stared at the halfwit annoyance she was required to take care of.
“I won’t escape. I promise. And if you’re going to come to me in my sleep, I’d rather it not be for killing.” Alexander joked.
“What the hell does that mean?” Fawn got angrier.
“Sorry, ma’am. It was just a joke. A little harmless flirtation.” This wasn’t going to be easy. She clearly hated him for some reason.
“Well stop it. And my name is Fawn, not ma’am,” she reprimanded before stomping back out the door and slamming it.
What the hell had she gotten herself into? The queen was right. He was trying to charm her pants off. She stomped harder as she approached the horse. Why did he have to be so frustrating and so…charming?
Alexander flopped back on his bed. His training had not prepared him for this. This wasn’t a normal kidnapping. This woman, beautiful as she might be, was a deadly assassin. Escaping was not a valid option. He didn’t doubt for a second that she would kill him in his sleep. There had to be other options. He thought back to his training. He remembered the instructor covering situations where escape was not possible.
The prince got to his feet and shook the bars. He could easily knock this cage down, but that wouldn’t allow him to escape. No, he wasn’t trapped here by a cage, the cage was just a deterrent. He was trapped here by the deadly beauty that could probably snuff out his life before he lifted a finger. She didn’t look like much, but he had noticed the way she moved. Fawn was graceful as well as beautiful. Every motion was like a dance step, this woman moved with purpose even when she didn’t mean to. There was no doubt about it, she was his prison.

Chapter 3
Fawn moved deliberately along the ledge leading to the queen’s chambers. It was Friday and finally this annoying job, and the frustrating dimwit would be a distant, although unpleasant, memory. She had already spent three days with the annoying jerk of a man and hated him even more than the day she met him. He didn’t seem afraid of his impending demise, just sad. What kind of man doesn’t beg for his life at least once? He hadn’t even tried to make a deal or con his way out. The most annoying thing was that he was constantly joking and flirting. Did he not understand that he would be dead tonight? The more she thought of the bumbling idiot, the more she wanted to strangle him. Not to death. Just to see the look on his face. Maybe he would finally show some sign of fear.
Fawn slid in the window gracefully and looked around the queen’s chamber. She couldn’t see anyone, but she could sense that someone was sitting in the large chair. The queen was punctual at least.
“You are one minute late,” the queen scolded.
“Yes, ma’am. Apologies. Your son… Well, he’s annoying, to say the least.” Fawn walked around the desk to the front of it so she could see the queen’s face. Strange that the queen would leave her back to an assassin. Was the queen as fearless as her son?
The queen sat in the large chair and had her hands folded neatly on her lap. She looked angry. No, Fawn thought, not angry, annoyed.
“Well, don’t let it happen again,” the queen admonished.
“No, ma’am,” Fawn replied quietly. Then it hit her. Again?! This job wasn’t over. “What do you mean again?”
The queen pulled out a bag of gold from the side drawer of the desk and set it on the table, looking even more annoyed.
“You’re still willing to kill him?” the queen asked.
This was a strange question. Of course, she was still willing to kill him. She was an assassin, hired to kill the prince. Why wouldn’t she be willing to kill him?
“Yes, ma’am,” Fawn replied.
“No reservations? He hasn’t been able to get to you yet?” the queen asked in more detail.
“No, ma’am. All he has done is annoy the hell out of me, so far.” Fawn wasn’t lying, but she was slightly hurt that the queen thought so little of her professionalism. What kind of assassin sympathizes with her mark? Who did the queen think she was, some first year, wet behind the ears, kid?
“Good, because this might take a while. You need to be in for the long haul.” The queen stood and started pacing. She held her hands in front of her and made a triangle with her fingers then pushed them to her chin. “One more week and hopefully things will be in place.”
“Yes, ma’am. Anything else?” Fawn asked.
“No, Fawn. Keep up the good work. As long as nothing happens to my son until I have everything in place, you stand to become a rich woman. I’m glad I picked you. You are perfect for this job.” The queen almost sounded nice for about five seconds, then the cruel woman returned. “That will be all,” the queen said with a wave then the queen looked at the door. “Jensen!” she yelled.
As Fawn left through the window, she saw the cowering old man enter. Something about this seemed off. She wasn’t quite sure what it was, but something bothered her about this. She decided to stick around, outside the window, and listen in.
“Are things going well?” Jensen asked, his fear had vanished.
“Actually, not as well as I’d hoped, but they are moving in the right direction.” Fawn could see the queen pacing.
“Don’t worry so much, my love. It will work out. She is the perfect one for the job. I studied her for a very long time. She won’t let you down.” Jensen grabbed the queen’s arm and stopped her pacing. She looked at him with a kindness that Fawn had rarely seen. She loved this man.
This was all a trick, but which part of it? Of course, they needed to hide their love until the prince was dealt with. What would the royal court say about a queen marrying a servant and proclaiming him king? As long as the prince was alive, it was not possible. The only way to keep her power was to kill the prince. Then the court would have no choice. This was how royals dealt with things. Jensen would become king, and they could have a new son. One that would keep them in power until he was old enough to be king. By that time they would either be dead or very old. Was this the reason the queen murdered the previous king? Was she having an affair?
Great, now her simple job grew more complicated by the day. She needed to watch her back. This queen was a formidable woman. If Fawn wasn’t careful, she would be dead, alongside the dimwit.
She adeptly climbed down from her perch and rode back to the cabin. What was she going to tell prince doofus? Wait, why did she care? She didn’t have to tell the imbecile anything. He was her prisoner, not her friend.
Fawn screamed into the night. Why did this job have to be so damned frustrating? Why did prince moron have to be so annoying? Why had she ever agreed to keep someone a prisoner? Never again! No, she would never kidnap anyone, ever again!
When she arrived back at the cabin, she pushed the door open angrily, and it smacked against the wall. Alexander jumped up from his bed and looked at her with anticipation.
“Am I still going to die?” Alexander asked. Now he seemed a little afraid, but not as terrified as he should be.
“Aren’t you scared?” Fawn asked as she slammed the door shut.
“Of course I’m scared but what good does it do me to act like a coward? If I’m going to die I’ll take it on my feet, thank you very much.” Alexander stood and faced away from the bars.
“What are you doing?” Fawn laughed.
“Waiting for you to kill me. Can you just answer one question first? Who hired you? I’m going to be dead anyway. What does it matter?” Alexander waited, but Fawn didn’t reply. “It’s my mother, isn’t it?”
“How the hell…” Fawn stopped. Damn it, she had just admitted it without meaning to.
“So, it is mom. Why would she want me dead?” Alexander sunk to his knees, still facing away from the door.
“Are you crying?” Fawn asked.
“No!” Alexander replied angrily.
Fawn walked around the cage so that she could see his face. He wasn’t crying, but he did look lost. Apparently he hadn’t wanted to believe it was his mother. How did he even figure it out?
“How did you know?” Fawn asked kindly. This poor man didn’t have a clue what his mother was really like.
“Don’t be mad at me. It wasn’t your fault either. You accidentally said she when you were talking about your client. One plus one equals two…” Alexander trailed off.
“You figured out that it was your mother by me accidentally saying she?” Surely there was more to it than that?
“My mother is the only woman who knows where this place is. You could have misspoke, and maybe some other woman found out about this place, but my mother was the most logical choice. I just needed you to admit it. Actually, I was hoping you would deny it but spilled milk…” Alexander stood again. “Let’s get this over with.”
“You sure like your idioms don’t you?” Fawn mused.
Alexander let out a small laugh.
“Spent most of my time reading in the royal library. Had few friends. You would be surprised at how lonely it is being the prince.” Alexander put his hands behind his back and pushed them against the bars of the door. He assumed he would be bound before he was killed, to avoid any struggles.
“The princesses and other royal women must have been throwing themselves at you, though. Right?” Fawn asked as she made her way to the door of the cage.
“Yep, every last self-centered, egotistical one of them. Not a brain cell among them. They would rather talk about makeup and parties than the dire state of the kingdom. I mean the peasants are starving, and our kingdom is going broke, and they go on about what princess so and so wore to the last ball. I think my mother has maybe a hundred gold to her name. I guess that’s why she wants me dead. One less mouth to feed.” Alexander was starting to get angry, and Fawn could hear his desperation behind the rage.
“We can’t keep feeding our guests such extravagant meals when the peasants are starving. I told mother that we could share our livestock with the village. At least that would be some show of support. That’s why she’s doing this. It must be. I’m the squeaky wheel.” Alexander turned, and Fawn jumped back from the bars.
“Shit, sorry, didn’t mean to startle you. This just gets me so angry. How can we expect the peasants to support us when they are starving? I don’t think the royal court gets it. Our kingdom is broke. We need new ideas, and some of the villagers are pretty inventive. I’d dare say they are smarter than some of the nobles.” Alexander laughed forcefully at this. “Sorry.” He turned away from the door again.
Fawn stared at the man before her. Was his mother lying about the kind of man he was? Of course, she was! Fawn was being played! This was turning into one of the jobs she hated. She was going to have to kill an innocent man. She had one consolation. She didn’t have to kill him this week. The poor man had a week left. Fawn pushed herself against the bars and leaned in to speak softly.
“She told me not to kill you today. You have until next Friday.” Fawn felt better. At least she had a week. Maybe she could find out more about what was really going on by then.
Alexander spun, grabbed Fawn’s face, and planted a big kiss on her lips. Fawn reacted swiftly and hit Alexander in the throat. When he stumbled backward, she kicked him in the groin, then she grabbed his shirt collar and smashed his head into the bars. Alexander fell backward on to the hard floor with a thud.
“Oh shit!” Alexander writhed in agony. “I guess I don’t have to worry about getting so turned on when you change. Not for a while anyway.” Alexander held his groin and curled up on the floor. He was laughing but very much in pain. He wasn’t sure what part of his body to hold, it hurt everywhere.
“What do you mean?!” Fawn demanded.
“Shit, I shouldn’t have said that. You’re going to take away the only fun I have left.” Alexander opened his eyes, he was a little dizzy and Fawn looked like she was swaying back and forth to him.
“Tell me!” Fawn ordered more forcefully, putting her hands on her hips.
“Come on, don’t make me. It’s the simple pleasures that get me through this. I have another week, don’t take that away. Please.” Alexander tried to stand, but the most he could manage was to sit on his bed.
“I’ll make you a deal. From now on, we tell each other the truth. I won’t lie to you, promise, but you need to be honest with me at all times. Is that clear?” Fawn’s request wasn’t optional, and Alexander knew it.
“Fine, honesty. I can respect that.” Alexander bent over, still cradling his groin. “The changing screen is translucent.” Even his voice sounded pained.
“What the hell?! Who in their right mind makes a see-through changing screen?!” Fawn stomped behind the screen. “How many fingers am I holding up?”
“Three,” Alexander grunted.
“I might as well be changing in the middle of the damn room! To be clear, I did not give you permission to ogle me while I changed clothes! What kind of prince are you?! Staring at a naked woman through a screen! You did NOT have my permission!” Fawn stomped back over to her bed and grabbed a sheet. She tossed the sheet over the changing screen and then held her hand up again. “How many now?”
“I can’t see anything,” Alexander replied in agony.
“Honesty, remember?” she scolded.
“I’m telling the truth,” he replied.
“Good. Now I’m going to go to bed. See you in the morning.” Fawn stomped around the room and blew out all the candles. It was decently dark, but the fire spread a pale light. She could see Alexander stumbling to remove his shirt.
She didn’t mean to hurt him. Why had he done that? He was lucky that she hadn’t stabbed him. What the hell was that man thinking? She couldn’t bring herself to call him dimwit anymore. He was clearly very bright, just clumsy. Fawn smirked under her blankets then peeked out to watch Alexander in agony as he got ready for bed. He was kind of cute, in a dorky sort of way. The fireplace lit up Alexander’s body, and Fawn could see every muscle as he laid down. Maybe cute was the wrong word.

Chapter 4
Fawn woke before Alexander for a change. He had been up late, moaning in pain and talking to himself about why his mother had done this. She dressed under the blanket, just in case he might wake up. Although, what was the point? Apparently he’d gotten quite a show from the changing screen the many times she had changed.
Fawn laughed to herself. He could have lied. He could have kept his little secret and gotten off on her changing for a whole week more, but he didn’t. He had told her the truth. This prince was nothing like she had assumed last week. She wondered what else the queen had lied about. The deflowering of peasant girls? She needed to find out. If she was going to kill this man, she wanted to know exactly who she was killing.
Fawn walked over to the cage and shook it. Alexander jumped from his bed, panicked. Suddenly he felt the pain again and bent over, cradling his groin.
“First you abuse me, now you’re trying to scare me to death,” Alexander smirked. “At this rate, I’ll be dead before Friday.”
Fawn tried to keep a straight face, but she couldn’t hide the smile, so she turned away.
“Am I mistaken or was that a smile?” Alexander laughed.
His mother hadn’t lied about one thing. He was incredibly charming. Fawn forced a frown then turned back to him.
“I’ve been told that you like your women.” She looked at him intently, studying his reaction.
“Of course, I like women. I like all women. Objectively speaking, mind you. There is no greater work of art than the curve of a woman’s body.” Alexander smiled up at her. He grabbed the bars and forced himself to stand. “Walk it off, Alex. Walk it off.”
Fawn couldn’t take the guilt any longer. She had caused him some serious pain.
“Sit on the floor, face the door and put your arms behind you, through the bars,” she ordered.
“Yes, ma’am,” Alexander replied and did exactly as he was told, although he did it slowly and with considerable pain.
“Quit calling me ma’am. My name is Fawn. I’m not a noble. For fuck’s sake, I’m an assassin.” Fawn walked to the back side of the cage and tied his hands behind his back through the bars. When she was sure it was secure, she walked to the front and unlocked the door. She placed the chair inside then locked it back up before untying him.
“Feeling a little guilty, Fawn?” Alexander quipped.
Maybe it wasn’t such a good idea for him to call her Fawn. She hadn’t had sex in a long time, and she didn’t like the feelings she got when he used her name. Well, to be honest, she liked them too much.
“I can’t take you to a doctor, so I figured I should at least make you comfortable.” Fawn looked almost embarrassed by this admission.
“Thank you, Fawn. My nuts also thank you. Actually, no, they probably hate you, but they’ll come around.” Alexander smiled deviously at his captor.
Why had she told him to use her name? What was she thinking? Also, this conversation was getting way too personal. She didn’t want to hear about his genitals. She needed to stop this right now. This was getting out of hand.
“So, I hear you are quite a hit with the ladies.” She got back to her previous conversation and tried to make it more clear this time.
“Yeah, right. Prince two left feet? You must be joking. The only women that will give me the time of day are the ones after my assets, and I’m not talking about the ones in my pants.” Alexander raised an eyebrow.
“So, you’re saying that you don’t get around?” Fawn was even more confused now. Why would his mother lie about this? Did she hope that Fawn would hate him even more?
“Get around?” Alex asked innocently.
“Gregory’s sister?” Fawn asked.
Alex laughed loudly until he was forced to stop by the pain in his groin.
“His sister is twelve,” Alex laughed.
“Twelve?!” He was worse than she thought. He took advantage of little girls!
“She has a crush on me. It’s funny. The only one who likes me for who I am is a little girl that doesn’t know any better,” Alex laughed, but it had a sadness to it that Fawn caught.
“You didn’t sleep with her?” Fawn asked, confused.
“While reading her a book, I fell asleep beside her. She’s twelve! What do you think I am!?” Alex corrected, clearly disgusted by the accusation. “Hell, I’d still be a virgin if my friend hadn’t taken pity on me.” Alexander laughed slightly and looked uneasy about his own admission.
“Who?” Fawn asked.
“Shit! I have to tell you the truth. This was supposed to be a secret.” Alexander wrinkled his forehead.
“Yes, you have to tell me the truth. A deal with an assassin can never be broken.” Fawn grabbed the second chair and put it in front of the cage. It was far enough to be out of reach, but close enough that she could hear him clearly.
“Right. You better keep up your end of the bargain. Just saying. The agreement goes both ways.” Alexander smiled at her, and she liked the feelings it invoked way too much. Fawn looked down and steadied herself.
“I know the rules. I must stick to my vow, just like you.” Fawn looked up again and was thankful that Alexander was no longer staring at her.
“Ok,” Alexander started. He needed to mentally prepare himself. “Before Gregory and Sheila, that’s his wife. Before they got married, Gregory went on a trip. He was going with my father to some boring meeting in another kingdom, don’t remember which, not important. Anyway. Sheila and Gregory were engaged. She wanted one more fling before settling down with one man for the rest of her life. She took pity on her friend, the virgin. I was not her first choice, but she always did have a kind heart.” Alexander seemed to be remembering this fondly. Fawn was surprised at the emotions visible on his face. He cared for Sheila, not love, but she was important to him.
“Well, I really messed up. I had no idea what I was doing. I tried some things, but I just couldn’t get anything right. She seemed like she enjoyed some of it, but I can’t be sure. I was just too nervous. She couldn’t look at me for weeks afterward. Just another bumbling mistake. I really wish she hadn’t wasted her last fling on me.” Alexander’s worried expression had faded into regret. He was either a really good liar, or he really felt bad for Sheila.
“And after that?” Fawn asked.
“What do you mean?” Alexander shook off his sadness and looked at her.
“Did you get better?” Fawn was strangely curious, and she didn’t know why. What difference did it make? She just couldn’t stop herself from asking.
Alexander laughed then held his groin again.
“I’ll let you know when I get to try it again,” Alexander replied. The pain and laughter combined to make him look pitiful in Fawn’s eyes.
She really needed to find out if this story was true. If he was lying about this, she would make him pay. His sore nuts would be the least of his worries. No one goes back on an agreement with an assassin. Not to mention, she was feeling sorry for him. If he was playing her like the queen was… Oh, would he pay dearly. She put the chair back by the table and collected her things without even acknowledging Alexander’s words.
“Where are you going?” Alexander asked.
“Heading to town. We need some supplies if we will be here for another week. Bye, Alexander.” She headed to the door.
“Call me Alex. Nobles, call me Alexander. My friends call me Alex.”
Fawn stared at him. Did he think they were becoming friends? Were they? She wasn’t sure. She was still going to kill him. She had no choice. She didn’t want to, but she had to.
“Bye, Alex, back in a few hours,” Fawn said sadly.
“Bye Fawn,” the prince flopped on his bed and sighed.
Fuck! Why did she have to tell him to use her name?! She hated and loved the feelings in her stomach every time he said it. What was happening to her? She needed sex badly. That would solve her problem. She was just horny, nothing more.

Chapter 5
Fawn walked into the tavern that she had taken Alexander from. Alex, she corrected herself. Could she get used to calling him Alex? Did she want to get used to it?
The waitress waived at her when she walked in.
“Pull up a seat, hun. Be with you in a sec,” the shapely blonde woman said before grabbing a rag. She wiped down the bar and made her way to Fawn.
“You’re Sheila, right?” Fawn asked.
“Yep, that’s me. You know Greg?” Sheila asked innocently.
“No, what makes you think that?” Fawn replied apprehensively. What did this woman know?
“Sorry, you just look like a fur trader or hunter or something.” Sheila didn’t look up from the bar she was cleaning, she just kept talking.
Fawn looked at the outfit she was wearing. Yeah, she did look like some type of hunter. Whoever had picked out clothes for her must have thought she was a size smaller because everything she had was skin tight. There were also only a few dresses. Mostly it was pants, mainly cloth, some leather, and even one suede pair. The shirts also were all button-up shirts with the top three buttons damaged or missing. These shirts were also tight on her chest. She was petite, but these clothes all seemed to belong to a teenage girl with no chest and no hips.
“Actually, I know Alex. He’s kind of my boyfriend,” Fawn clarified. Knowing that his friends called him Alex had been helpful in the end even if the mere mention of the name caused unwelcome feelings.
“Oh, how is he? Have you heard from him yet? Are you really his girlfriend?” Sheila asked, talking a mile a minute. Wasn’t she worried that he was missing?
“What do you mean?” Fawn asked, trying to be sneaky about it. She wasn’t sure what Sheila knew.
“He’s on a trip to visit some other kingdom. Figured he’d write letters. You are his girlfriend, right? I mean his girlfriend should know that. Well, you must be his girlfriend. Why would you lie about it and why else would you ask? He’s not the type to go out hunting or trapping, but he does love his books.” This admission produced a strange reaction on Sheila’s face. It almost looked like lust.
“Books?” Fawn asked. There was more to it, Fawn was certain.
“Yeah, oh, you two haven’t…I mean.” Sheila looked at Fawn, hoping that she would finish the sentence.
“Haven’t what?” Fawn asked.
“Enjoyed each other yet,” Sheila said, raising her eyebrows as a smirk covered her face.
“Oh, no, we haven’t known each other long. What does that have to do with books?” Fawn was now totally confused. Did he use books? She had heard of strange sex toys but never books.
Sheila looked around the room, but it was just them. She leaned in closely and whispered.
“Can you keep a secret?” Sheila looked ready to burst. She was dying to tell someone.
“Yes,” Fawn replied. Now she was dying to hear it.
“Ok, never tell anyone, especially not Greg. He knows, but he doesn’t know. If you know what I mean?” Was Sheila talking in code? Fawn had never spent much time sitting around with other women gossiping, but it sure seemed like code.
“So, he doesn’t know all of it,” Fawn tried to clarify.
“Yeah, and I want to keep it that way. Just knowing that I slept with his best friend caused us so much trouble. If he knew how good Alex was at it, he might strangle the man.” Sheila winked at her knowingly, but Fawn still couldn’t see how books figured into it all.
“What about the books? What did he do with them?” Fawn asked.
Sheila laughed and playfully slapped Fawn’s shoulder.
“He read them, silly. Oh, the things he learned. Let me start over.” Sheila put down her rag and leaned on her hands, only inches from Fawn’s face.
“Me, Greg, and Alex have known each other since we were kids. Greg and I were always flirting and carrying on. It was pretty clear that we were going to end up married. So, we eventually got engaged. Greg went with Alex’s father to some royal something or other, and Alex stayed behind. I’d always wondered what it would be like with Alex. He was cute, kind, and gentle. What harm could it do? He could lose his virginity, and I’d have my fling.”
Sheila’s eyes got wider, and a self-satisfying smile covered her face.
“Well, I was wrong! Alex, not having any girlfriend, had spent quite a lot of time studying exactly what to do, should he ever get the chance to have sex. The things he did, I didn’t even know people did that. I’m a simple tavern owner’s daughter.” Sheila leaned in and whispered again. “He did stuff with his tongue and his fingers.” Sheila straightened up and adjusted her top. “I’m used to normal stuff. Man and a woman, bumping uglies, you know, normal sex. The stuff he did. Well, let’s just say I wish he’d make Greg read some of those books. I couldn’t look the man in the face for weeks. I was just so embarrassed. I didn’t expect to like it!”
Fawn shifted in her seat. She didn’t like the way her body was reacting to Sheila’s story, especially the feeling between her legs. Well, she liked it, but not when it was about Alex. And what had he done with his tongue and fingers? Gah! Why was she thinking about it? Fawn asked the next question before she had time to think it through. It just fell out of her mouth.
“Was he big?” Fawn asked and immediately wished she hadn’t.
“No,” Sheila waved her hand as if she was pushing the idea away. “He was average. Not big, not small. That didn’t matter one bit. If it had just been normal sex then maybe, but the things he made me feel.” Sheila got a lustful look on her face as she trailed off in thought. Then she leaned in for another whisper. “I never came so many times in my life!” She giggled and pulled away.
Fawn just sat there, the ever-mounting heat between her legs urging her to do something about it. What the hell had she been thinking? When had this become a good idea? She was now wanting to fuck the daylights out of her captive. Oh, this job was getting worse and worse. The worst part was that there was no sign of it letting up any time soon.
“Did he have any other girlfriends? Does he get around a lot? I want to know what I’m getting myself into.” Fawn needed to know the answers. If he had lied, then these feelings were stupid, and anger would make them go away.
“Alex?” Sheila laughed. “No. You’re the first. Well, after me.” Sheila looked like she was blushing, and this made Fawn even more irritated with herself.
That was it! She needed some kind of release. She had suffered enough.
“I’ve never been to this town. Do you guys have umm, men that umm service women?” Fawn asked, embarrassed.
“Men? Like hookers, but men?” Sheila asked, shocked.
“Yes,” Fawn replied, feeling even more embarrassed.
“No, hun. We have plenty of men willing to do it for free. If you don’t mind them older. All the young ones are up in the castle training. You could come back tonight though. Surely a woman like you can get a healthy one. Wait, what about Alex? He’ll be back soon. Surely you can wait a few more weeks. He’d be worth it!” Sheila was serious, and Fawn’s hope sank. She couldn’t wait til the evening. She had been gone too long already. She figured she would enjoy a quickie then go back to Alex and be less apt to take out her sexual frustrations out on him. This sucked bad! She would just have to wait for another night.
“Yeah, you’re right. I’ll just wait for Alex,” Fawn lied.
Fawn walked out of the tavern feeling worse than when she’d arrived. Not only was Alex nice, he was humble and apparently very good in bed. Why had she taken this job? She continued to mope as she got food enough to last a week, then a few other supplies that they might need. When she was finished, she drudged her way back to the horse and plodded along back to the cabin. This whole job just sucked. There was no better word for it. It just sucked!
She thought about Alex and the job all the way back to the cabin. She had been gone for a little over two hours. She couldn’t go back to town tonight, nor any other night. She needed to see this through, her reputation and life were on the line here. There was no time for personal indulgences. She would just have to tough it out. If anyone found him while she was gone, or if he escaped. What would she do then? Run for her life. That’s what she’d have to do. Her career would be over. She would spend the rest of her life looking over her shoulder, begging for food. No, sex wasn’t that important. At the moment, it felt like hunger, and she hadn’t eaten for a month, but she could get through it.
She wearily brought in the bag of supplies and plopped them on the counter. Alex was strangely quiet. He was sitting on his new chair, thinking.
“What’s on your mind, Alex?” she asked. She was annoyed with him, but the man hadn’t lied. In fact, he had undersold the truth. He had been with one woman and given her a night she would always remember. That was what was annoying her so much. Why did he have to be the exact opposite of how the queen had portrayed him? The only thing the queen hadn’t lied about was the fact that Alex was very charming.
“I’d wager you talked to Sheila. I’m just waiting for you to tease me. I’m sure she gave you all the horrid details.” Alex was a sharp man. Fawn regretted calling him the dimwit prince. He was smarter than most of the people she’d met in her life.
“Why do you think I went to talk to her?” Fawn asked innocently. It wasn’t a lie. She just avoided the answer.
“Do you think I’m slow or something? You asked some pretty pressing questions before you left, and it didn’t take you that long to get groceries. Also, you sure seemed like you were in a hurry and we have enough for at least two more days. You went to talk to her.” Alex waited. The teasing would start soon.
“Did you know that there are books on how to make a woman happy in bed?” Fawn’s smile was apparent in her speech.
“Why, yes. I did know about them.” Alex cheered up a little. She was going to tease him, but not in the way he expected. “Why do you ask?” Alex played along.
“Sheila tells me that you read some books, and she had a wonderful time.” Fawn almost wanted to tell him how Sheila had blushed and carried on about him, but something stopped her. She thought about this for a second while she heard Alex’s retort.
“Oh, really? So, why did she avoid me?” Alex asked.
Fawn felt like someone was squeezing her chest. Why was she having this horrible feeling? She didn’t care that Alex had given Sheila the time of her life. Why couldn’t she tell Alex this?
“She felt guilty because of Gregory.” Also, not a lie, a misdirection. It had been implied in their conversation, but never said out loud.
“Well, I guess I feel a little better. At least I wasn’t a complete idiot. For once,” he added, digging at himself yet again.
Why couldn’t she bring herself to tell Alex how wonderful he had been? What was stopping her? The constriction of her chest got worse. She felt like she was being smothered. Why couldn’t she tell Alex the whole truth?
“Good, now I can get back to my life.” Fawn didn’t like being so brusque with him, but she needed to keep her distance, and there was still something else. Something she couldn’t quite admit.
“Fuck!” Fawn yelled as she dropped the basket of eggs on the floor.
“That’s ok, Fawn. I don’t really care for eggs.” Alex said kindly.
The feeling she got when he said her name. That was the reason. That’s why she couldn’t tell him the truth. She was jealous. She was jealous of Sheila. She couldn’t tell Alex how good he was, because she didn’t want him to think about Sheila. She didn’t want Alex to want Sheila. Fawn wanted Alex to want her.
Fawn stomped out the back door and looked up at the sky. She pulled her fingers through her hair and screamed at the futility of it all.
“What the hell did I ever do to deserve this?!” she yelled at no one.
Why had she accepted this job? She kept coming back to that one simple truth. What did she do to deserve this? She asked for it. She practically begged to get this job. Who was to blame? She was.
Fawn came back in and returned to cleaning up the mess.
“I’m sorry,” Alex said softly.
“Why are you sorry?! You didn’t break the eggs,” Fawn replied. Her tone was angry, but Alex could hear the frustration beneath it.
“I know this job sucks. I’m just sorry it had to be you,” Alex replied.
Fawn stomped back to the front of the cage.
“You sure are angry,” Alex teased. “Always stomping around. Must get tiring.”
Fawn looked at the stupid…no not stupid, he was anything but stupid. He was annoyingly nice, humble to a fault, and damn sexy but not stupid. Shit! She was doing it again!
“It’s just that I’m not a kidnapper.” Fawn scowled even harder. She needed to be mean. He was getting attached to her. This was not good. And she wanted nothing more than to tie him to the bed and have her way with him.
“I can see that,” Alex laughed.
“I’m an assassin. I do my thing then move on to the next job. I don’t sit around on my ass, babysitting a spoiled brat.” Fawn looked at Alex as his face fell. She had never felt anything so horrible, so hollow. She hadn’t meant to insult him. She just wanted him to stop being so nice all the time.
“I understand,” Alex said, defeated. He slid onto the bed, belly down and propped his chin on his hands. “You didn’t ask for this. I’m sorry. I’ll quit.”
What had she done?! She just wanted him to stop being so nice. Now, all she wanted was to see his smiling face. What the hell was wrong with her? She got what she wanted, and now she was mad at herself? Fawn pushed her fingers through her hair again and pulled until her eyes felt like they were going to burst. She had never been this frustrated, ever. Everything she did made it worse.
She tried to push it from her mind and went back to cleaning up the eggs. Something gnawed at her gut. She needed to say something. She couldn’t keep silent. He deserved better than this.
“I’m the one who should be sorry, Alex.” Fawn didn’t look at him, she continued her cleaning. “You didn’t ask for this. You’re the victim here.” Alex didn’t say a word. She cleaned up the rest of the eggs and looked through the bag for something else to make.
“It’s ok, Fawn. I understand. You’re just mad at the situation. I get that.” Alex rolled to his side and propped up his head. He watched Fawn intently as she put the food away. Damn, she was sexy. Too bad she was going to kill him.
“I don’t think ‘mad at the situation’ quite covers it. This is the biggest, screwed up situation that has ever existed.” Fawn stopped putting away the food for a minute and turned to Alex. She looked into his brown eyes, the eyes she wanted to stare at for hours. “I don’t want to kill you, Alex. I just don’t have a choice. I hope you understand.”
“Understand?” Alex asked rhetorically. “That’s great!”
“It’s great that I have to kill you?” Fawn asked, confused. This man was so strange. How could he think this was great?
“No, it’s good that you don’t want to kill me. It means I have a friend. I can die with someone who cares about me. You will never forget me, that’s enough.” Alex rolled back onto his belly and stared at the fire.
“Why haven’t you tried to escape? I was gone for over two hours. You didn’t even try.” Fawn looked at the kind, humble man. She really didn’t understand his motivations. She would have left as soon as her captor was out of sight.
“What was the point? You’d catch me, or you’d end up paying for my escape. I couldn’t do that to you. I’d probably end up dead anyway. My mother will find someone else to kill me. At least you’re nice.” Alex continued to stare at the fire.
Nice? She’d been called many things before but never nice. Was she nice to him? She hadn’t intended to be. She even tried very hard not to be nice.
“What would you like for supper?” Fawn asked.
They spent the next few hours talking about nothing important, avoiding the subject of Alex’s death. After supper, they talked more while watching the fire. Fawn on the outside of the cage, Alex inside it. When the sun was completely down Fawn begrudgingly headed for bed. Before she started taking off her clothes, she heard something outside. It wasn’t much, and if she hadn’t been trained to notice such things, she probably wouldn’t have given it a second thought.
“Alex, be very quiet,” Fawn whispered. Great. He was going to start screaming for help. Just what she needed. Why did she treat him like a friend? He was her captive, not her friend.
Much to her surprise, Alex laid quietly on his bed and whispered back.
“What is it?” Alex looked afraid. Much more fearful than the first day she’d captured him. Was she not intimidating?
“I don’t know. No more talking.” Fawn hit the floor and listened.
Footsteps, quiet footsteps, it was an assassin. He wasn’t particularly skilled at stealth, but that didn’t mean he was any less dangerous. Fawn crouched and slinked her way to the front door. She watched the nob slowly turn.
“Fawn look out!” Alex yelled just in time. A hand broke through the window beside her, and a large man tried to hit her in the head. When he missed he grabbed the back of her shirt and pulled her out the window. If Alex hadn’t warned her, she would have been knocked out by the man’s fist or at least dazed. Alex stood in his cage. He could get out, he could help her, but maybe he would just be in her way. They were here to kill him. The two men, one at the door and one at the window. No, it was better to stay out of her way. The way Fawn moved, even when putting away food, she was so far above his level that he would only get her hurt. That outcome seemed worse than them hurting him. He had already been sentenced to death.
Fawn elbowed the large man in the groin and rolled away from him. When she was a good distance, she looked at both of them, and her face fell.
“Wolf? Stallion? What are you doing here?” Fawn thought she knew why they were here but needed to hear it. It could be only one of two reasons. To kill her or kill Alex. Neither was something she was going to let happen. She had left her blades inside the house. She quickly glanced at both of them. They were much better prepared.
Wolf was a man about Alex’s height but more muscular, and his face was much crueler. He had a scar across his left cheek, and his long black hair was tied back in a ponytail. Stallion was large and very muscular. Not like Gregory, but close. She had heard Stallion’s footsteps. She hadn’t even been aware of Wolf.
“I’m sorry, Raven. I don’t like taking these jobs, but you broke the rules.” Wolf replied solemnly.
“I didn’t break any rules!” Fawn shouted back. She quickly scanned her memory, had she forgotten something?
“You were supposed to kill that fool. Instead, you shack up and play house? You’re losing your touch, Raven.” Stallion chimed in. He circled around her and drew one of his blades. It was nearly a foot long. Too long for a dagger but too short for a sword. It had no cross-guard, only a hilt, and the blade. It was an assassin’s weapon, used for killing, not fighting. That was not going to be the case tonight. Fawn had no intention of letting them kill her.
“I am doing exactly what my client told me to do. Now stop this before it gets serious.” Fawn warned them, but neither seemed to care.
Wolf stood up straight, and so did Stallion.
“My name is Charlie,” Wolf said reverently.
“My name is Gustaf,” Stallion stated.
Fawn looked at both of them. How could they do this?! They knew her! They knew she would never break the rules, not this rule. She stood up as tall as she could, and hatred filled her face. If that’s how it was going to be, then they were never really what she thought they were. They were not friends. They were not family. They were barely acquaintances. She didn’t know them at all.
“My name is Fawn, and you will not live long enough to regret this,” Fawn replied angrily.
Fawn ran at Stallion, he would be the easier of the two. As she approached him, she hit the ground at full speed and slid between his legs. She shot to her feet behind him, and before he could turn, she relieved him of his second blade.
She sank back down, and with one quick slice behind the knee, Stallion toppled. Wolf caught her as she was coming back up. His blade got her in the thigh. Luckily he had misjudged and stabbed instead of sliced. The pain was nearly unbearable, but the muscle in her leg hadn’t been severed. Fawn retaliated with a slice aimed at Wolf’s neck, but he tumbled away before it connected.
Fawn paced, blood gushing from her leg.
“Waiting for me to pass out? Cause it’s not going to happen before you are dead,” Fawn glared at Wolf.
Wolf’s eyes flickered to where Stallion lay, and Fawn saw the reflection of a blade in his eyes. Fawn hit the ground and pulled herself between Stallion’s legs again, this time slicing through the back of his other knee. Again Stallion toppled to the ground, but Fawn wasn’t going to make the same mistake twice.
“Goodbye,” Fawn said and stabbed Stallion through the chest. He sputtered blood for a few seconds before he fell silent.
Wolf came at her again, but she was ready this time. As he lept for her, she spun sideways holding out her blade. It cut deeply into Wolf’s left arm, and he tumbled to the ground. She got to her feet just as he did.
“It didn’t have to be this way, Wolf.” Fawn tried to reason with him, but Wolf wasn’t listening.
“You broke the rules,” Wolf rebutted.
“I broke no rules! The queen asked me to keep him prisoner until she was ready for me to kill him.” Fawn was done with Wolf.
“You just broke another rule. You gave away your client’s name.” Wolf scowled.
“Not that it will matter. You will never get to tell anyone.” Fawn ran at Wolf, and he ran at her. Wolf attacked just as Fawn knew he would. She had trained with him for years. She knew every one of his moves by heart. It was too bad he hadn’t paid as much attention to her. He slashed at her chest, expecting her to jump back. She took the strike right under her breasts, it cut deeply into her chest, but her ribs stopped the blade. Wolf thought he had won, but it wasn’t until he felt the cold blade across his throat that he realized what had happened. He had been outsmarted.
“Stab at the chest, don’t slash, you fucking failure.” Fawn stumbled backward. The blood she was losing was making her dizzy. She dropped the blade and crawled toward the cabin. The last thing she remembered was Alex picking her up. She remembered how comforting it was to see his face, how strong and warm his embrace was, then nothing.

Chapter 6
Fawn woke to pain. Pain in her leg and pain in her chest. Alex wasn’t in the cage, and he was nowhere in the cabin.
“Fuck!” she yelled. He had saved her then ran away to tell the authorities, or the royal guard or someone. He had lied to her. He didn’t care if she died. Wait, then why save her at all? She was as good as dead. If he had wanted her to die, he could have left her there to bleed out.
Alex walked into the cabin calmly. He had an armful of what looked like food and medical supplies.
“Where were you!? And how the hell did you get out?!” Fawn yelled at him.
“You’re awake!” Alex ignored her questions and dropped everything. The excitement on his face filled Fawn with a warmth that she didn’t want to feel. This wasn’t the heat of lust. This was something else, something much more dangerous.
“I asked you where you were,” Fawn said again.
“Sorry, I was getting supplies.” Alex pulled up her shirt and looked at the bandages. Fawn slapped his hand away.
“What are you doing?” Fawn asked.
“I bandaged you up, and I’ve been applying salves to your wounds. They look almost healed. Well, good enough to walk around anyway.” Alex looked at the wound on Fawn’s leg. “You’re lucky. I studied the healing arts when I was bored one summer. There’s tons of herbs around here that stop infections.”
“You bandaged my chest?” Fawn looked worried, and Alex replied immediately.
“I didn’t peek. Not going to do that again. I learned my lesson.” Alex looked scared but not scared of her, scared of her reaction.
“Again?” Fawn wasn’t sure when the first time was.
“The screen. Looking at you without permission. No, not going to do that again.” Alex looked at her seriously. He meant it.
Permission? Was he twelve? Men looked at her all the time without permission. Then she remembered what she had said. Did he take everything she said so seriously? She knew he was trying to be nice, but still. She was younger than he was, but it was only by two years, and he was acting like a kid who had misbehaved. Despite this, she found it endearing. She didn’t want to, but the feelings didn’t listen to her, they just came anyway.
“Thank you for patching me up. I’m really sorry, but I have to ask you to go back to the cage.” Fawn said solemnly. She didn’t want him to get back in the cage, but she had no choice. She had been accused of breaking the rules. She could never do that. They should have known better.
Alex walked slowly back to the cage and pulled the door open then closed it and sat in his chair.
“You just opened the door. The lock is still on it.” Fawn winced as she sat up in bed.
“Sorry about that. I saw it all through the window. Damn, you were impressive. I wasn’t going to get out, but you fell and didn’t move. I panicked and broke the cage.” Alex looked like he had just informed someone that he had accidentally broken their favorite toy.
“You broke…the cage? Seriously?” Fawn got to her feet and limped over to the chair in front of the cage.
“It’s not a very strong cage,” Alex admitted. “I didn’t want to get in your way. I’m really bad at fighting. I just got so worried when you fell down that I forgot I was the prisoner.”
Fawn laughed then held her ribs. He had done an amazing job of patching her up. It hurt, sure, but it wasn’t bleeding. He had a gift. Then Fawn realized that if the wounds had healed this much, she must have been out for days.
“What day is it?!” she asked frantically.
“It’s Friday. I was going to get you up. I just figured you could sleep in a little more before you met with mom.” Alex said this like it was the most ordinary thing in the world. What the hell was wrong with this man? He had walked around the place for days, free as a bird. He had cared for her and healed her. The stupidest part, he was going to wake her up to meet with his mother, the woman that wanted him dead. Something was seriously wrong with this man, either that or he had a death wish.
Fawn looked at the clock on the wall.
“Is that right? Did you wind it? I only have two hours?!” she asked.
“Yes, Fawn. I’m not an idiot. I know you have to meet mom at seven forty-five sharp.” Alex replied.
“How do you know that? I never told you what time.” Fawn scoured her memories. Had she told him and forgotten?
Alex had a huge grin on his face, and he tried to push it back.
“You talk in your sleep.” Alex tried to make his voice higher, but he just couldn’t hit the same pitch as Fawn’s. It sounded ridiculous. “I need to meet the queen at seven forty-five sharp. Don’t let me miss it, Alex. Oh Alex, you’re so handsome.”
Alex burst out laughing.
“I didn’t say that!” Fawn argued.
“Ok, you didn’t say the second part. I made that up.” Alex contained his laughter.
“Jerk! You’re lucky I’m healing, or I’d kick your ass.” Fawn let a smile sneak out, and Alex caught it before she pushed it away.
“I have no doubt that you would. I don’t think my nuts can take a rematch,” Alex laughed loudly again.
“So, how are my wounds?” Fawn asked more seriously.
“Mostly they’re healed. I wouldn’t go doing anything too strenuous. That leg wound was pretty deep, but the chest wound seems to be nearly healed up. Don’t go doing any acrobatics or anything.” Alex added. There always had to be a joke or quip with him, but Fawn thought it was cute. At least until she realized that it was cute, then it just annoyed her even more.
“How the hell am I going to climb the castle to meet with your mother?” Fawn asked, not really expecting an answer.
Alex thought for a minute, then he had it.
“I know. Use the red dress and do your hair up in a ponytail, then put on some makeup and walk right up to mom’s chambers.” Alex seemed excited.
“Are you just trying to get me behind the screen again?” Fawn teased.
“No,” Alex laughed.
“There will be guards. Gregory?” Fawn rebuked.
“Not at supper time. The guards aren’t there when the queen isn’t there. They go with her to supper. You’ll be early, but that’s better than late. Am I right?” Alex looked at her, begging for a scrap of praise.
“Ok, that’s my only option at this point.” Fawn resigned herself to this and painfully went to find her clothes.
“Those herbs are almost miraculous,” Fawn said absentmindedly over her shoulder.
“You’re telling me. I never thought they would work that fast. I was getting worried that you would miss your meeting with mom,” Alex stated.
“You do realize that I might come back with bad news. Your mother won’t keep you here forever. This has to end sometime.” Fawn sounded sad, but it was the truth.
“I know. At least I get to spend my last days with you.” Alex said, lost in thought.
“What’s that supposed to mean?! Don’t tell me you got that mental thing where you latch on to your kidnapper. Cause that would just be sad.” Fawn desperately hoped that Alex would say no. She didn’t know why, but she wanted Alex to like her for her.
“No, I’m not idolizing you or something. I have two friends. Greg and Sheila. I guess now, I have three. You.” Alex looked at her, and she could tell it wasn’t friendship. He had that look in his eyes. He was falling for her. She couldn’t let this happen, but she also couldn’t stop it. She felt horrible every time she tried to make him hate her. Why did she let it go this far? She was going to have to kill him. Perhaps it was mercy? He was going to die, but at least he could experience some kindness before the end.
Fawn took her clothes to the changing screen, and she giggled as Alex turned his chair to face away.
“Not taking any chances this time,” he laughed.
“Not until you have permission, right?” Fawn laughed with him.
“Exactly.” Alex sat there looking at the counter. He desperately wanted to look.
“You can look now,” Fawn announced when she was dressed. “Will this work?”
“Wow! This might not work.” Alex stood and walked to the bars.
“Why? I look ok. I should fit in.” Fawn looked over her dress and thought it was nice.
Alex could see the disappointment on her face.
“You are supposed to blend in. Every man in the place will be looking at you. You’re gorgeous. You need to tone it down some. You’re just too beautiful.” Alex sat down and tried to think.
Fawn looked at him. Did he not realize what was coming out of his mouth? She couldn’t remember the last time a man had said something that nice without expecting sex in return. Alex had just said it because it was how he felt. He didn’t expect anything. Fawn really didn’t like how she was feeling now. The heat between her legs was starting again. It was a damn shame she couldn’t have sex with him.
“I know!” Alex shot up, saving Fawn from torturing herself further. “Grab the jacket.
“Which one?” Fawn looked at him exasperated.
“The brown one. The long brown one.” Alex pointed at a nice, plain, brown winter coat. “Put that on.”
Fawn put it on and did a twirl.
“Nope still too sexy.” Alex flopped on the bed again. The man didn’t even realize what he was saying sometimes. Fawn’s stomach tied in knots.
“I know!” he shot up a second time. “Take one of the white shirts, turn it around backward and put it on under the dress. No one will look at you with a high neckline and a brown coat.”
Fawn retrieved a white shirt, went behind the screen and put it on backward. The neckline was uncomfortable, but after she put the dress on over it, it seemed to work. She popped back out, limping the whole way.
“How’s this?” Fawn asked, holding her arms out wide.
“Still a little too pretty but that’s about as good as it gets. You really can’t hide all that natural beauty.” Alex waved his hand up and down toward Fawn, and he actually looked disappointed that he couldn’t make her look less beautiful. Fawn’s stomach was doing flips now. He really had no idea what he was doing to her, and he wasn’t doing it on purpose.
Fawn decided to leave early. She said it was so she wouldn’t be late, but she hid part of the truth. She didn’t want to spend any more time with Alex right now. At least not in this dress since all he could do was go on and on about how hard it was to hide her ‘natural beauty’.
While she walked from the front door to the horse, she noticed that Alex had taken care of the bodies. The blood from the three of them was still visible in the grass, but the bodies themselves were gone.

Chapter 7
Fawn did just as Alex suggested. She waited until the guards all followed the queen to supper then slipped into the queen’s chamber. She giggled to herself once she was inside. Alex had been right. Even with the brown coat and the backward shirt, she still got quite a few looks from the men she passed. She felt like she was floating. She couldn’t remember a time she had felt so pretty, so much like a woman. She made her way to a chair and sat down to wait, grinning to herself.
What was she going to do about Alex? He was falling for her. She had seen it many times. Even used it to get close to a mark, but this was different. She already had Alex. He was her prisoner. She didn’t need him to fall for her. She wanted to let him down easy, but every time she tried, it just ended up pulling him in deeper.
Fawn put her face in her hands. Then she heard the door click. She sprang to her feet, ignoring the pain in her leg and chest. She had a blade under the dress and grasped it through the cloth to make sure it was still there. It would take her two seconds to lift the dress and retrieve her blade. Unless the person was ready for her, it would not go well for them.
“I thought I saw you in the hall, Fawn,” the queen said matter-of-factly, as she shut the door.
This queen, she didn’t miss a thing.
“I had to come early. Something happened,” Fawn started.
“Is Alexander alright?” the queen asked, and Fawn sensed a hint of worry.
“He’s fine. The two assassins were after me,” Fawn said angrily.
“Good, I wouldn’t want to have to kill you. You’ve proven to be so useful. Smart, cunning, and resourceful.” The queen walked to her large chair and pulled a bag of gold from the side drawer.
“Another week?” Fawn tried to hide her excitement. She wouldn’t have to kill Alex tonight. They would get another week together.
“Yes, another week. I have to ask again. If I tell you to kill the prince. Will you be able to do it?” The queen studied Fawn and caught the slight hesitation. A grin spread across her face.
“Yes, I will do it…if you command it,” Fawn answered. 
“Good, and I will look into these two assassins. Someone must know where you are. This isn’t good for either of us.” The queen looked worried. Fawn had never seen her worried. This was new and strange coming from the complicated woman.
“So it wasn’t you then?” Fawn had to ask. The question burned inside her.
“No, dear. If I wanted you dead, I would get Cat to do it. Two amateurs are not likely to take you out. People underestimate you, but not me. I see how good you are.” The queen rose and started around the desk. She handed the bag of gold to Fawn. “Remember, no sex.” The queen added.
“Yes, ma’am. And I’ll be better by next Friday. No need to get Cat. I can do this.” Fawn was reassuring herself more than the queen.
“Send Jensen in on your way out.” The queen walked back toward her chair, and when Fawn opened the door, Jensen was standing outside waiting.
“She wants to see you,” Fawn said. Jensen went through the door and shut it behind him.
Curiosity overwhelmed Fawn, and she put her ear to the door.
“Did everything go ok tonight? Is she ready?” Jensen asked.
“No, but she’s getting there.” The queen paused, then started again. “We have a problem. Someone sent two assassins to kill Fawn. Find out who knows.”
“Yes, ma’am, right away,” Jensen replied to the queen.
Fawn scrambled to get down the hall, but she heard one last thing on her way to the steps.
“Jensen, you were right. She is the right one for this job.” The queen sounded menacing and cruel.
Fawn limped down the steps as fast as she could. When she was at the bottom, she concentrated on walking normally again. The pain in her leg was still there but bearable. She would only draw more attention if she limped.
What was the queen up to? She hadn’t sent the assassins, but there seemed to be something else going on here. The prince’s death wasn’t the end goal, that was clear, but what was it she was after?

Chapter 8
Fawn walked back into the cabin, even more confused than before she left. She was so happy to have another week with Alex, but at the same time, she knew it couldn’t last. Eventually, she would have to kill this kind man.
She noticed that all the candles were out. The pain in the ass had snuck out and put out all the candles before he went to bed. She smiled and pictured him sneaking around on tiptoes snuffing out the candles. It looked like he was already asleep too. It could wait til tomorrow to tell him that he had another week to live.
Fawn walked over to the table and put down the bag of gold coins. She noticed that Alex was on his side, facing away from her. She also noticed some movement but wasn’t quite sure if it was his breath or something else? She forgot about it and went to the screen to undress. Since he was asleep, she would just grab the sheet and cover herself for the walk back to her bed. As she lifted the dress over her head, ignoring the twinges of pain in her chest, she heard a curious noise. It sounded like scratching.
She walked around the screen, holding her dress around her waist. If the annoyance was awake she wasn’t going to give him a free show. She still had the shirt on to cover her top, it was just her bottom that was exposed. She hadn’t worn underwear that night.
“What are you doing? Do you have fleas or something?” Fawn asked jokingly. It looked like Alex was scratching himself.
“Umm, nothing.” Alex stopped scratching and turned to her.
The look on his face, coupled with her mind realizing what he was doing, forced her to look away.
“Oh, come on! I’m not cleaning that up!” Fawn yelled.
“Give me a break! I’m a dead man, stuck in a cabin with a beautiful woman. Let me have a little relief.” Alex had a point. It wasn’t like he was old. He was a twenty-nine-year-old guy that had only had sex once. Who was she to deny him the simple pleasure of masturbation?
“Fine, but you’re cleaning it up. And keep it down. I need to think.” Fawn walked away, and then a devious thought crossed her mind. She couldn’t have sex with him, but that didn’t mean she couldn’t help him enjoy himself.
She let the dress slip to the floor. Alex stared at the sight of her, bottomless and walking away from him. She pulled the shirt over her head and covered her chest. She could hear his breath quicken. She looked over her shoulder and bit her lip.
“At least you have something to think about now,” Fawn said then walked to her bed slowly, enjoying every step. Once she was at the bed, she dropped the shirt and quickly slipped under the covers.
“Night, Alex,” she said seductively, from across the room.
“Night, Fawn,” he replied.
His sharp breaths and muffled moans told her that she had helped. Now she had another problem. While trying to turn him on she had accidentally gotten herself hot. If he could do it, why couldn’t she?
She slid her hand lower and gasped as she touched herself. Alex heard this and Fawn could hear him pick up speed.
“Slower, Alex,” Fawn said seductively. He obeyed, and she let out a high pitched moan as reward. She rubbed herself slowly, and Alex matched the speed of her panting. “Yes,” Fawn called out, more for him than herself. She heard Alex gasp and peeked over the covers to see that he had taken his covers off. She watched as he stroked himself up and down, slowly in time with her breath. She let her covers fall from her chest and moved her hand up to her perk nipples. She let out a sigh as she pinched one and heard the sharp intake of breath, a reply from Alex. “A little faster,” she said almost whispering, but Alex heard her perfectly. Alex moved his hand faster, and Fawn did the same. “Alex,” she said softly. “Not yet, I’m almost there.”  Alex stopped and watched her. Fawn rubbed herself more purposefully. She wanted to finish at the same time as Alex. She rubbed her breasts and Alex watched. “I’m close,” she said, looking into his eyes. She pushed the covers off, so Alex could see everything as she climaxed. “Now!” Fawn screamed as her mind exploded in pleasure. Alex’s body jerked, and she watched him with satisfaction. It wasn’t sex. She hadn’t broken any rules.
She pulled the covers back up and bit her lip. She stared into Alex’s eyes and whispered seductively. “Sweet dreams.”

Chapter 9
Fawn woke in the morning feeling horrible. Not from her wounds, but because of what she let happen the night before. What kind of idiot encourages a man who would follow you to hell and back? Then she realized she hadn’t told Alex yet.
She quickly dressed under her blanket, why she didn’t know. Alex had seen everything last night. Maybe she didn’t want to invoke any more feelings. It couldn’t happen again. She hadn’t broken a rule, but she had gone right up to the line and spit across it. It wouldn’t stop there. She needed to quit encouraging it.
“Alex?” she asked when she was fully dressed. He didn’t move. His eyes were open, and he was awake, but he just sat there. “Alex? Didn’t you hear me call you?”
“I heard you, Fawn. Just not in a great mood today.” Alex uncovered and stood. He had pants on but no shirt. Fawn bit her lip at the sight of his body. He may not have been all that muscular, but damn, he looked good. What muscles he did have were all in the right spots. Fawn turned away. This wasn’t helping.
“You should be in a good mood. We get another week together.” Fawn just realized what she said. She was acting like a child. ‘We’? There was no we. It wasn’t possible for them to be a we. Why was she doing this to herself?
“Really? I thought you were going to kill me today.” Alex’s mood picked up.
“If I had orders to kill you, I would have done it last night. Maybe in your sleep.” Fawn felt giddy. She got to spend another week with him. She knew she shouldn’t be happy, but she was. “Can you put a shirt on, please?”
“Umm, yes, but after last night I thought things might be different,” Alex started. His tone fell.
“That can’t happen again. I was given strict orders not to have sex with you.” Fawn needed him to understand. It was going to hurt him, but she saw no alternative. He needed to turn his attentions to things that he could control, and this wasn’t one of them.
“That wasn’t sex,” Alex laughed.
“It was close enough. I’m not going to risk having you killed early because I couldn’t keep my pants on. Do you understand?” Fawn still wasn’t looking at him. She wanted to look at him, but she knew it would only break her resolve.
“I understand.” Alex sounded heartbroken, but he soon became strangely happy. “At least we get another week together. Can’t beat that.”
“You’re a strange man, Alex. I tell you we can’t have sex and you are going to die in a week, and you’re happy?” Fawn rolled her eyes as she turned to look at him. He had a shirt on, but it didn’t help much. It was still him. She could still picture him last night. She had wanted to get in the cage and help him. Hell, she wanted his help as well. Maybe touching each other wasn’t sex either? Fawn turned around again. Great, she couldn’t even look at him now. Every thought that filled her head was pictures of what they might do, what they couldn’t do. She was going mad.
“I’m going into town today to see if I can find out who sent those two men.” Fawn remained facing away from him.
“You can’t even look at me? Is it that embarrassing? And I know you knew them. You can refer to them by name. They were your friends, weren’t they? I’m not deaf.” Alex scolded.
“Yes, I knew them, and no, I’m not embarrassed. They were once my friends, or at least I thought so. Someone paid them to come here, and it wasn’t your mother.” Fawn turned and looked at him. She struggled to contain the images in her mind.
“If you’re not embarrassed, then what is it?” Alex grinned.
One side of Fawn’s mouth tipped up. He could tell she was trying to stop a smile. She turned around again.
“I just keep seeing you, and I want more, but we can’t have more. Do you understand?” Fawn’s smile was almost as wide as her face. It felt good to admit it.
“Good, then I’m not alone in that.” Alex laughed. “We’ll find something else to do. You could pick up some cards while you’re in town.”
“Why? So we can play strip poker?” Fawn laughed.
“Good point, not my best idea.” Alex plopped on his bed. “Just see if you can find something non-sexual that we can do together. No touching or innuendo, just something that will engage our brains. Oh, how about a board game?” Alex’s understanding of the situation made it even harder on Fawn. Now she wanted to have sex with him even more than before. Why did he have to be so understanding?
“I’ll check,” Fawn walked to her bed and grabbed a long leather coat from beside it. “Think you can clean up the place while I’m gone? We both know that cage isn’t holding you.”
“Sure, what would you like for supper? I assume this is an all-day thing.” Alex looked upbeat again.
“Yes, it’s an all-day thing. And make whatever you want. You’re the one that’s going to die next week.” Fawn walked out the door and tried desperately to keep from looking at him. When she opened the door, she just had to sneak a peek. Alex was cleaning up his cage first. Damn, he looked sexy. Her stomach did a flip, then tied itself in knots. Why couldn’t he have been a woman? Or old? Or even just ugly? No, it was her luck that she was stuck with one of the most attractive men she’d ever met.
Fawn closed the door and got on the horse. She headed into town and thought about the strange situation she found herself in. She and Alex were acting like they were married or something. He was cooking and cleaning while she went out to work. This whole thing was just plain stupid. They were fooling themselves. What would she do next week when he was gone? She doubted she would ever forget him. He had become very important to her.

Chapter 10
As Fawn approached the town, she remembered how she had become an assassin. It was a fond memory, the bad ones came later. When she realized she would sometimes have to kill the innocent.
It all started when her adopted parents took her to a traveling show. She must have been about ten years old, and she fell in love with it. The excitement, the adulation, all of it was so enticing. The women bent and did flips. The dancing was flamboyant. From that day on, she practiced at home as often as she could. Her father even made her a balance beam from an old tree. She learned to flip and spin, do cartwheels, and everything else she had seen those women do. When her parents died, she set out to find her fortune. Fawn went town to town in search of one of the traveling shows to join. She had the skill, and she was now old enough to join.
That was when she met Cat. The mysterious woman had dyed her hair and wore makeup to disguise her face. It was doubtful that Fawn would even recognize her without the costume, but that was the best part. The mystery of it all. While Cat was waiting for her mark, she noticed Fawn sitting by herself, cold and broke. Cat took the girl in for the night after she had killed her mark. Fawn was enamored with the glorious life that Cat explained to her, and before the night was over the young, wannabe acrobat was set on becoming an assassin. Cat sent her to meet an acquaintance of hers, Wolf. Wolf agreed to train her and shortly after, Cat disappeared.
If only she had known then what she knew now. Assassins were not honorable, they killed without conscience. The only thing that mattered was the gold. Fawn had tried to steer herself away from those kinds of jobs, but life was messy, and sometimes it was hard to tell who was the victim and who was the predator. All in all, she was glad she had become an assassin, without it, she would not be with Alex. Come to think of it, if she hadn’t become an assassin she might not even be alive.
Fawn saw a few men milling about by the tavern where Sheila worked. This was probably the best place to start. These men gave her a funny feeling. They were trying too hard not to look at her. Maybe she was being paranoid, but maybe not. Either way, she would not lead them back to Alex. Assassins, trackers, or whatever they were, Fawn made a mental note of them.
She left her horse and noticed that a few sprinkles were coming down. It would soon be raining. She wore a full-length leather coat, pants that would not restrict her movements and a short-sleeved shirt. Today, she was ready for a fight. She walked inside, pleased to see that Sheila was working again. She was a kind woman, and she already thought Fawn was Alex’s girlfriend. It would be easy to get information from her.
“Hey, Sheila,” Fawn waved as she sat at the bar. Again the bar was completely empty, the middle of the day was a time for cleaning and preparing.
Sheila turned and smiled. Then the smile turned to a playful scowl.
“You got away without giving me your name last time, hun.” Sheila walked toward her, rag in one hand, both hands on her hips, trying very hard to look upset.
“Sorry, I completely forgot. My name is Raven.” Fawn wasn’t about to put this kind woman in any danger. She deserved a happy life. If only she could have left Sheila out of this.
“What you need, hun? Hear from Alex yet?” Sheila started wiping the bar in front of Fawn and continued the full length, while Fawn tried to figure out how to ask it.
“Did you see two men in here? Probably a week ago. One large like Greg, well almost as big as him. The other small like Alex, but rough and muscular.” Fawn didn’t want to give out too much information. She just needed to know who they were with.
“Hmm, sounds familiar. We get a lot of strangers through here though. Anything that might help me remember them?” Sheila asked.
Fawn slid a gold coin onto the counter, and Sheila slapped her hand.
“What’s that about? You’re my friend. Don’t insult me.” Sheila looked at her contemptuously.
“I’m really sorry. Where I’m from, that is code for ‘give me money’. I didn’t mean to...” Now Fawn felt horrible. She had insulted this sweet woman who considered her a friend.
“I understand, hun. Just remember, I’m your friend. I don’t want your money. Well, unless you want a drink or a meal. I kind of have to charge you for that.” Sheila laughed and returned to her cleaning.
“Understood, won’t happen again.” Fawn looked at this kind woman. Did she really want to get her tangled up in this? The answer was no, but she had no choice. Endanger Sheila or risk Alex’s life. There was no choice to make. Alex came first.
“Let me see. The short one had long black hair and a scar on his face. The big one walks around like he owns the place, hitting on every woman in sight.” Fawn saw a gleam in Sheila’s eyes. Stallion had tried to hit on her.
“Oh, them. Yes, a little over a week ago. They came in to meet with a guy. Didn’t get a good look at the guy but I clearly remember slapping the big one. He’s just damn lucky Greg wasn’t here that night.” Sheila had confidence in her husband, but Fawn thought Greg was the lucky one. He might be a very competent fighter, but Wolf would come to Stallion’s rescue, and Greg wouldn’t see it coming.
“Did the other guy have anything out of place? Anything that stood out? His clothes, his hair, any scars?” Fawn probed.
“Well, he had black hair that was turning grey. He was a little shorter than the short one and quite round,” Sheila laughed. None of these would help Fawn. She had just described about a fourth of the adult male population for this town.
“Anything funny about his clothes?” Fawn asked again.
“He did have a shiny ring. It was big and gold. It didn’t fit with his clothes. He was dressed like one of us, but that ring would buy a year’s worth of food. Heck, by the size of it, it might even buy this tavern,” Sheila mused.
“That actually helps a lot. You don’t see the nobles from the castle much down here, do you?” Fawn asked to make sure her assumption was right.
“No, they have their own tavern inside the castle walls. I mean, the guards come down because the ladies here are more friendly. If you know what I mean.” Sheila winked at Fawn.
“Is that how you met Greg? Wait, no, Alex said you knew each other in school.” Fawn didn’t need to sell her cover anymore, but she was curious about Alex’s life. What kind of man was he really? And talking with Sheila was nice. She didn’t have to lie. Well, not much anyway.
“Yes, we went to school together. It’s been the three of us for as long as any of us can remember. So funny that Greg and Alex are still friends, Alex being his boss and all. I see Alex once in a while, but not as much as I used to.” Sheila seemed sincerely sad about this fact. It wasn’t lust for him like the other day. She honestly missed her friend.
“Yeah, Alex is so busy. I hope he gets back soon.” Fawn had to lie about this one. It was time for her to go, and acting upset was the easiest way to end a conversation.
“Maybe the four of us can fix that,” Sheila added with enthusiasm.
“Maybe,” Fawn lied. There was going to be no ‘four of us’, but Fawn had decided one thing. She was not going to let Alex die!
Fawn headed to the door, and it flew open. She was greeted by a smiling, soaking wet Gregory. He looked at her and with a puzzled grin asked. “Do I know you?”
Damn, this man was sharp. He might have made a good assassin if it wasn’t for his size. Stallion was proof of that and Gregory was bigger.
“I don’t think so.” Fawn tried to walk by him, but Sheila yelled from the counter.
“That’s Alex’s girl!” she yelled.
Gregory grabbed her on both shoulders and picked her up. Then the large man hugged her. Fawn realized that curiously, it did nothing for her. Only weeks ago, she would have been wet with desire for this man, but today the only thing wet was his coat. What had Alex done to her? Her new standard for men was surprising. When she was done with all of this, how would she find a man like him? Would she spend the rest of her life alone? No, this was just a crush, it would wear off. It had to.
“So, what’s up with Alex?” Gregory asked as he put her down.
Fawn looked out the open doorway and saw the men from earlier. She saw a flash of steel in the dim light and the intent on their faces. Even the way they moved was telling. Fawn leaned in and pulled Gregory’s head to hers.
“Alex is in danger, and so is Sheila.” Fawn released him, and Gregory instinctively followed Fawn’s eyes.
“They won’t lay a hand on either of em,” Gregory flew into a rage and Fawn put her small hand on his muscular chest. Gregory stopped and looked at her hand. The cuts and scars startled him. Such a beautiful woman with so many scars. He knew right away that she was more than she pretended to be.
“You need to protect her.” Fawn’s eyes looked at Sheila, who was trying to figure out what was going on.
“You need help. There’s five of them,” Gregory argued.
“You’re not ready for them.” Fawn reached both her hands into the opposite sleeves of the coat and undid the latches. She pulled a foot long blade from each sleeve while Gregory watched in awe.
“They’re assassins, aren’t they?” Gregory asked, afraid to hear the answer.
“I’m an assassin. They just wish they were.” Fawn walked out the door, and Gregory kept an eye on Sheila while he watched a determined woman walk out into the pouring rain against five assassins. For a second, he was jealous of Alex. This woman had a fire that could not be tamed. Then he looked at his wife and realized that he could never be with anyone but her. Besides, she was Alex’s girl, and for once in his life, Alex deserved someone like this.
Fawn walked slowly out into the pouring rain. The five assassins circled her and drew their blades. None of them made a sound. Fawn sensed that they were ready to attack and halted it by speaking.
“My real name is Fawn. Leave now, or it will be the last name you ever hear.” Fawn threw one blade into the mud in front of her. She stuck out her left hand, palm forward and pulled the other blade back with her right. She was ready.
The assassins paused for a minute and looked to one another. Fawn could tell that at least two of them wanted to leave but feared what their brothers would do to them. She heard the one behind her start to sprint as the rain lessened. When his blade was a foot behind her back, she dropped to her knees and swept his feet out from under him. The one from in front of her ran at her. Before she could stab the one on the ground, the new one slashed her arm. The coat protected her from some of it, but he had still drawn blood. Fawn kicked backward and caught the new one in the groin, sending him to the ground. Two came from her sides, and the fifth disappeared. This was the one that worried her.
“Greg, one is coming for her!” Fawn yelled.
When the two new assassins reached her, she held out both hands. They instinctively grabbed them to subdue her, but she used them as leverage. She pulled them closer and flipped into the air, landing a few feet from them while they tried to stop from stabbing each other. Neither had been hit, but her move had confused them. The two on the ground got up, one still holding his groin.
“Last warning!” Fawn yelled.
The one in the middle lowered his mask and directed the other three to spread out.
“Where are Wolf and Stallion?” he asked.
“They were stupid, and now their dead,” Fawn replied angrily.
Fawn bent down and cradled her arm. She wanted them to think she was wounded. She reached inside her coat and grabbed a throwing dagger. With speed, the leader didn’t expect, she sunk it into his forehead. He fell backward, dead and bloody, onto the rain-soaked ground. The one behind her lept and hit the blade from her hand. This one and the other two remaining assassins charged her at once. She needed to get them separated and fast. She could hear crashes coming from inside the tavern. Gregory needed help.
She ran away from them, toward her blade that was still sunk in the mud. Halfway there she turned and threw three daggers at them, one after the other. One of the assassins was hit in the arm, and he fell. One of the others stopped to block the dagger and slowed down. The third was still running full speed, blades ready. Fawn took off for her blade again, did a summersault and a spin, without touching the ground. When she landed the third lifted his blades high to stab her while she pulled hers from the mud and impaled him through the heart. The young man looked at her blankly then died.
The one who hadn’t been hit got to her next. He stabbed at her chest, but she rolled to the side. Then he kicked at her and slashed widely. She scooted across the ground backward trying to kick at the blades aimed for her legs. This one was at least smarter, he was trying to maim her and slow her down. He was the patient kind that could wait for the killing blow.
Fawn spun and threw mud at his face, blinding him temporarily. She got to her feet and ran for the blade that had been taken from her. She passed the one with the throwing dagger still in his arm. She had thrown it hard enough that it imbedded into his bone. He stuck out his foot to trip her, but she flipped over his attempt and landed only a few feet from her blade. She threw a dagger at the man for his troubles and caught him in the throat. He sputtered for breath, but it was no use.
The last remaining assassin, the patient one, came at her. He pulled out two throwing daggers and launched them in her direction. She blocked one with her forearm while dodging the second. Then she pulled the one from her arm and aimed for the man’s leg. He dodged but lost his attention on her. She ran and slid in the mud, and before the man knew what was happening she had stabbed him through the gut. He tried to stab her back, but she blocked it with her arm. He grabbed for her throat with the other. She released her blade, still in his gut and wrestled with the man. He was determined, if he was going to die, so was she. He was heavier and stronger than her. He pushed her onto her back, and the hilt of her own blade dug at her hip. The metal ground against her hip bone, and she yelled in pain. He was pushing her head down, trying to drown her in the inch of water that had collected on the street. She reached for the handle of her blade, allowing him to force her face sideways, her mouth under the water. She twisted the blade in his gut, but the man didn’t give up. She held her breath and pushed the blade in farther. This still didn’t stop him, so she raised her knee into his groin. It didn’t faze him long, but it was long enough. He recoiled for a second and Fawn grabbed the blade from his hand and shoved it into his chest. This persistent man still didn’t give up. With his last breath, he tried to strangle Fawn, but the fight was over. His grip was weak. He could barely hold onto her as she stood and pushed him off.
She heard a crash from the tavern and remembered that Sheila, and possibly Gregory, were in danger. She threw her coat off. It was soaked and heavy. Fawn grabbed one of the blades and ran inside.
Gregory was throwing pots and mugs at the assassin because he couldn’t catch him.
“Fight me, you coward!” Gregory yelled.
It almost looked like they were dancing. The assassin would go left, and Gregory would follow. A pole stood between them, and every time Gregory would try to grab him, the assassin would dodge. Gregory had several cuts on both arms. The assassin couldn’t face him head-on so he was trying to weaken him. Gregory grew tired of this dance and charged through the pole. The assassin was thrown off guard, and Gregory caught the assassin with his body on the way through. They continued on until Gregory slammed him into a wall. The assassin was hurt but not out of it. He pulled a dagger and stabbed it into Gregory’s leg then took off toward Sheila.
The assassin looked at Sheila with surprise as he reached her. She could almost see the word on his face ‘How?’ Then he reached for his throat as blood covered his hands. Fawn had slit his throat halfway between Gregory and Sheila. He turned to look at Fawn then fell to the ground.
Gregory hobbled to his feet and made his way to Sheila, who tried to hold up her large husband.
“I need to get to Alex. If anything happens to him…” Fawn didn’t finish her sentence, she didn’t need to. She sprinted to the door.
“I can help!” Gregory yelled.
“No, Greg, please. Protect your wife. You can’t fight these people.” Fawn looked at him with concern. The wounds would heal, but Gregory was going to be weak. He had lost a lot of blood. She turned to open the door again.
“What if they come back?” Gregory asked, and Fawn turned back one more time.
“Just dance with them until I get here,” Fawn smirked, and Gregory laughed. The laugh made him light-headed, and he grabbed for a chair while his wife guided him. Fawn was out the door before he could say another word.
Fawn grabbed her soaked, muddy coat and threw it on the back of the horse. She was already soaked, so she didn’t bother putting it on. The weather was chilly but not cold. Perhaps it would be like taking a bath? She might be clean by the time she got back to the cabin.
“Get yourself nice and clean for Alex,” she laughed to herself. She took off on the horse, and the rain picked up.
When Fawn came up to the cabin, she was soaked and freezing. Maybe it had been a bad idea not to wear the coat. Fawn limped inside the cabin. She had torn the wound on her leg open again, and the ones on her arms were bleeding almost as much.
Fawn opened the door, and Alex turned to see a soaked, bloody, freezing but beautiful Fawn struggle inside. Alex dropped everything and rushed to her.
“You were going for information. What happened?” Alex was frantic.
“Five assassins. Greg got hurt. Sheila is fine.” Fawn moved toward her bed, and Alex helped her. She started taking off her clothes, and Alex looked away.
Alex turned his gaze as far as he could from her and took her soaking clothes. When he heard her pull up the covers, he looked at her again.
“Stick your arms out of the covers. I need to bandage those before they get worse.” Alex tossed her wet clothes on the floor near the fire and went for his medical supplies. “It’s a good thing I got more than I needed last time. You just keep getting beat up.”
“You should see the other guys,” Fawn laughed weakly.
“I don’t think I want to. Last time was pretty bad. You nearly cut that guy’s head clean off.” Alex walked while looking through the supplies in his hands.
“It’s so cold…” Fawn shivered then passed out.
Alex carefully cleaned and bandaged her arms before he slid the blanket up and restitched the stab wound in her leg. The pain caused her to wake. He stared at her, and she smiled up at him, half dazed.
“My hero,” she smiled weakly.
She was soaked, and her lips were blue. The loss of blood and the freezing rain had taken all her heat and strength.
“So cold,” she shivered.
Alex quickly got the blanket from his bed and put it over her.
“Hold me please,” Fawn mumbled. “I’m so cold.”
Alex slid into bed behind her and wrapped his arms tightly around her small cold body. He laid there for hours while she shivered. He finally fell asleep when the color returned to her lips, and he could see that she was out of danger.

Chapter 11
Fawn woke up and realized she was naked, and Alex was behind her. She shot out of bed and grabbed the blanket to cover herself.
“What the hell did you do to me?! Did you drug me?!” she yelled. Alex tumbled to the floor and tried to rub the sleep from his eyes. He looked up at her with a quirky smile on his face.
“You don’t remember anything?” Alex asked, he was almost laughing. He thought about making a joke, but he saw the look on Fawn’s face. She was livid.
Fawn searched her mind. Surely she would remember having sex with him. If she was going to break the rules, at least she could be rewarded with a nice memory of the deed. What had she done? What had he done?
“Fuck!” Fawn yelled and stormed over to the cage. She stomped around in a small circle, trying to remember anything that might have led her to ending up naked in bed with the perfect man. Wait. When had Alex become the perfect man? When this all started, she wanted nothing to do with him, and now he was perfect?
Fawn turned to Alex, still as furious as before. Not just for ending up in bed with him but for the feelings he was causing. This was his fault! If he wasn’t so damned perfect!
“Just fucking tell me.” She plopped on the chair and pulled the blanket tightly around herself.
“I’m very tempted to spin you a tale of passion and lust, but I don’t think you would find it very funny. You seem pretty mad,” Alex said, standing up. He walked toward her and could tell that she really had no clue what had happened.
“You’re damn right I’m mad! Just tell me the truth! You promised me you would tell me the truth.” Fawn’s demeanor softened, but she was still very upset with Alex, and she wasn’t entirely sure why. Was it because she had sex with him or because she couldn’t remember it?
“Yes, I did.” Alex seemed a little guilty about this admission. Was he hiding something from her? “Nothing happened. I didn’t have permission.” Alex laughed.
“So? Plenty of men take advantage of women in compromising situations. You’re telling me that it didn’t even cross your mind?” Fawn looked at him, trying to decide if he was being honest. He seemed to be. Why hadn’t he tried anything?
“Of course, it crossed my mind. Do assassins not have mirrors? I mean, look at you.” Alex motioned to her, and she felt a little self-conscious. “But I’m not like that. You said I need permission. I tended to your new wounds, and then you said you were cold, so I covered you with my blanket too. Then you told me to hold you. You needed the warmth.” Alex started blushing, and nervously pushed a hand through his hair. Fawn thought it was cute, more than cute. “So, I held you to keep you warm.”
“All night?” Fawn asked.
“For a few hours, until you stopped shivering, then I fell asleep.” Alex admitted. His face had lost some of the redness.
“You mean to tell me that you had the perfect opportunity to use me and you did nothing?” Fawn stood up angrily.
“Wait. You’re mad because I didn’t take advantage of you?” Alex looked perplexed. Fawn was complicated. What did she want him to do?
“No. You are just so frustratingly naïve. You act like I’m the most trustworthy person in the world. I could tell you to walk off a cliff, and you’d do it. Why is that?” Fawn stared at his face. There was the guilty look again.
“I’m not sure what to say. I just trust you.” Alex was starting to look even more nervous.
“Get in your cage,” Fawn ordered.
“Why?” Alex asked, confused, and terrified. What had he done wrong?
“Because I said so. Sit in the chair. Put your hands out behind you through the bars.” Fawn ordered. The look in her eyes told Alex not to ask why again. She was serious.
Alex did as he was told and Fawn tied the blanket under her armpits to keep it from falling. She grabbed a rope and walked to the back of the cage.
“Make your hands into fists,” Fawn commanded, and Alex obeyed.
She wrapped the rope around his wrists and pulled them tight. Then she walked back to the front of the cage and brought her chair inside. She sat right in front of him.
“Do you think this is some kind of game?” Fawn stared at him and pulled the knot out of the blanket. It hung loose around her now, but she kept it in place with her hands.
“No, Fawn.” Alex was worried. He had done something wrong, but what was it? Whatever it was, he wanted to take it back.
“Someone wants you dead, and they want me to do it. I’m not sure what’s really going on, but your mother didn’t send the other assassins.” Fawn dropped the blanket, and Alex shut his eyes. “You have permission to look.” Fawn smirked.
Alex slowly opened his eyes and stared at the stunning woman in front of him. He had seen it before, but only in the dim light of the fire. Alex shifted himself in his seat.
“Getting uncomfortable?” Fawn asked seductively.
“A little,” Alex answered, swallowing hard.
“Let me see if I can help with that.” Fawn moved closer and started to unbutton his shirt.
Alex didn’t move, this was far better than any fantasy he’d ever had about her, and he’d had many. He wasn’t sure what was going on, but he wasn’t going to mess it up by talking.
“You are far too trusting of me. I could do whatever I want to you.” Fawn finished the shirt and pulled it open. She drug her short fingernails down his chest. “I mean if the roles had been reversed. I’m not sure what I would have done.” Fawn smiled at the way his stomach muscles twitched when she touched them. She started undoing his pants, and he took in a deep breath.
“Ah, I think I’ve found the source of your discomfort.” Fawn looked into his eyes, and Alex met her gaze. He wanted to kiss her, but he was stuck. She was in complete control.
Fawn pulled his pants down to his knees and stood up to look at her prize.
“Yes, I think that is your problem right there.” Fawn looked Alex up and down. Damn, he was remarkable. Fawn sat on his lap, inches away from his frustration and put her elbows on his chest. “Now, what should we do about your problem?”
Alex gulped again. He wasn’t sure how to react. He stared at her, waiting to be told what to do, what to say, what to think.
“I know.” Fawn grabbed him with one hand and lifted herself up, then slowly eased her way on top of him. As he slid inside of her, they both gasped. Alex tilted his head back and banged it on the bars of the cage.
“Ow,” he complained, but Fawn just laughed. He was clumsy and far too trusting, but he was the most attractive man she’d ever met. She wasn’t sure when it had changed, and she didn’t care. It was a fact now, she wanted him more than she could remember wanting anything.
Fawn slowly took him inside her until she was stopped. The insides of her thighs met with his hips. Why had she made him sit? She should have put him on the bed. She wanted more, and he had more to give, but the position wouldn’t allow it. The frustration caused her to tense her muscles, and she heard Alex gasp and roll his eyes.
“Oh, you like that?” Fawn asked.
“Y…yes,” Alex could barely control his breath to speak.
Fawn squeezed again, and this time it wasn’t just Alex that gasped.
“I have been training for years to have complete control over every muscle in my body,” Fawn relaxed, and Alex exhaled. Using her legs, she slid up the length of him then very slowly let herself slide back down. It was a pleasant torture for Alex as well as herself. She could see the agony on his face as he tried desperately to hold on.
Fawn repeatedly slid up and down slowly, over and over. Alex’s breath was getting faster, and so was hers. She squeezed hard again, and the sound coming from Alex caused a reaction in her. She wasn’t sure she could hold off much longer either. She could feel the heat in her body rising, starting from where they were joined. A tingling sensation started in her fingertips and toes. She slid up him very slowly, trying to hold on. She grabbed the bars beside his head and watched as her knuckles went white. She had to hold on just a little longer. This couldn’t end so quickly.
“Hold on, Alex,” Fawn whispered in his ear.
“I…don’t think I can,” Alex replied, breathing as heavily as if he’d run a mile.
“One more,” Fawn whispered more as encouragement to herself than him. She slowed even more and let herself slide down, feeling every inch inside her, second after second until her inner thighs rested on him and then all she saw was white. She held onto the bars tighter and wrapped her legs around him and the chair. She barely registered the cracking sound of the chair. All his muscles tightened under her, which caused him to push himself in farther, which made her cry out. She felt him explode, but everything was a jumble of blinding light, pleasure, and confusion.
After what seemed like an eternity of pleasure Fawn released the bars and lifted herself off of him. She tossed a blanket over his lap and walked to her clothes slowly, just to tease him even further.
“I’m sorry,” Alex said.
“Why?” Fawn stopped and looked over her shoulder, seductively.
“You didn’t get to finish. Let me loose and I’ll…” Alex started.
“Who says I didn’t?” Fawn bit her lip then continued to her clothing.
“You did?” Alex asked, surprised. He had been so consumed by her torturous pleasure that he couldn’t tell. His mind had registered nothing but the intense pleasure that wiped it of everything but the feeling of being inside her. A smile formed on his lips.
Fawn dressed while Alex waited to be released. She smirked at him occasionally, and it drove him mad.
“Are you just going to leave me here?” Alex begged.
“I might want seconds,” Fawn laughed.
“Let me go. I’ll…” Alex started, but Fawn cut him off by lifting a finger to her lips and crouching down. He knew that she had heard something.
Fawn quietly lifted her hands. Two fists placed together then straightened her fingers and tucked in her thumbs. Then she pulled them and moved them apart. Alex understood. He struggled but managed to free his hands just the way Fawn had shown him.
Fawn grabbed one of her blades and snuck toward the door. She pointed at Alex and then at her bed. Alex didn’t waste a second. He was behind the bed and slowly tipped it up before she had to clarify what she meant. Fawn smiled at him to show her approval as he peered over the top of the upturned bed.
She cautiously opened the door and snuck out. It was broad daylight, but that didn’t help her. Assassins could hide in plain sight, if they were good. She noticed movement to her right and rushed out the door then headed toward it. When she reached a bush, she caught sight of a man running. He tried to hide behind a tree, but it was too late, she had already seen him. She followed him silently then struck from behind the tree. Her hand was caught, and the man hit her in the wrist, causing her to drop her blade.
Fawn lept for the blade, but the man kicked it away from her and stood in her path. She raised herself up and struck for his side. The man caught her fist and twisted it then put his foot behind hers and forced her backward. She fell and then tumbled backward before getting to her feet again. She held her fists out ready.
“There’s been a misunderstanding. I’m not here to hurt you.” The man wore all black and had green eyes. His hair was hidden beneath a cap, but it looked brown, a similar color to Alex’s. He didn’t have a mask like assassin’s wore, but he was clearly dangerous. He was about Alex’s height, maybe an inch or two taller, but less muscular. He was lean and agile, not an assassin but most certainly a fighter.
Fawn stepped forward and kicked at his face. The man dodged, as she hoped, and she punched downward catching his knee. The man stumbled backward, but didn’t give up. He again waited for her to move. Fawn faked with her right then tried to catch him in the groin with her left. The man caught her fist and twisted it again. This time he released her wrist and thrust two fingers into the joint where her shoulder met her arm. The pain was nearly blinding, and when it was over, her arm felt limp.
“Please, I don’t want to harm you. You are giving me no choice.” The man seemed sincere, and Fawn stopped. She wasn’t going to win anyway, not with a limp arm. This man could fight like no one she had met before.
“What do you want?” she asked.
“Name’s Fox. I’m just here to protect Alex,” the man replied.
Fox shot his hand out to the side, and Fawn cringed, waiting for it to collide with her, but it didn’t. She saw an arrow sticking out of the man’s hand.
“I missed one.” Fox was confident and skilled. He was amazing, but he was no Alex. Why this thought registered at this very moment was beyond her. What was Alex doing to her?
Fox held out his hand palm up. At first, Fawn didn’t understand then she saw his eyes dart to her belt. He wanted a throwing dagger. She handed him one quickly, and Fox turned. With precision, he threw it at a tree. Seconds later an assassin fell from the tree, the dagger squarely in his throat.
“Thank you, I guess.” Fawn looked at him curiously. Who was he? Why had she never heard of an assassin named Fox and where were his blades?
“The pleasure is mine,” Fox bowed.
“I’m glad you’re on his side,” Fawn said, referring to Alex.
“I’m glad you are so tired. If you hadn’t been worn out and hurt, this might have gone very differently.” Fox smiled and winked at Fawn.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Fawn asked.
“I’ve seen you fight. If it wasn’t for the wounds from the two men the other night and fighting off five assassins in town last night. You would have killed me before I had time to explain.” Fox grinned at her.
“So, why didn’t you help me with them? Why start now?” Fawn wasn’t sure, but she sensed something much bigger was going on here. This was more than a queen wanting to murder her son.
“I was given explicit orders not to interfere with your past. The ones in town, I simply wasn’t there for. I was here watching over Alex.” Fox looked sure of himself and his duties.
“My past? What about these guys then?” Fawn struggled to make sense of this.
“These guys were your future. You needed to confront your past alone. The queen’s orders.” Fox looked worried now, he had said too much. “I’m sorry, if you want to know more you must ask the queen.”
“Why would the queen send me to kill Alex and you to keep him safe?” Fawn’s confusion deepened. None of this made sense anymore.
“I can’t tell you that. Please speak to the queen,” Fox replied. He had said far too much. She wasn’t getting any more information from him.
“So have you been spying on us?” Fawn asked. She hoped that Fox hadn’t seen what just occurred.
Fox blushed and started to fidget.
“I’m sorry. You were yelling, then everything went quiet I peeked inside. I didn’t see much but…” Fox was afraid to say it.
“What did you see?” Fawn was getting angry. She had been told specifically that she was not to have sex with Alex. This could cost them both their lives. Maybe? Even that was unclear now.
“I saw you had disrobed, so I quickly averted my eyes. I didn’t see much. I sincerely apologize.” Fox looked down in shame, and Fawn laughed.
“You saw me naked, and that’s what you’re so embarrassed about?” Fawn felt relief. No one knew, at least not yet.
“Yes, I’m very sorry. It won’t happen again,” Fox apologized profusely.
“See that it doesn’t,” Fawn grinned as she turned away from him and grabbed her blade. She headed back to the cabin and rubbed her shoulder. The feeling was coming back now. She really needed to learn that trick. It could be quite useful.

Chapter 12
Fawn returned to the cabin and Alex was searching through her clothes.
“What are you looking for?” Fawn asked with a giggle.
“Ah ha!” Alex held up her other blade.
“It’s already over,” Fawn tossed her blade onto the pile of clothes.
“What happened?” Alex asked while setting the blade he had picked up beside the other.
“I’m not really sure, but I need to go talk to your mother.” Fawn knelt down and looked through the clothes to find something appropriate to wear.
She was aware of Alex’s silence and felt a sadness fill the room. When she looked up at Alex, he was staring down at her.
“Are you wanting this to be over?” Alex almost looked like he might cry. Fawn felt a pain in her chest. Just looking at him in this state caused her pain.
“No, I’m going to find a way to save you.” Fawn stood and put her hands on his shoulders. “There must be some other solution besides your death.”
“We could run?” Alex suggested.
“They would find us.” Fawn released his shoulders and continued her search for a dress.
“What are you planning?” Alex asked. His tone had lost its sadness, and now it almost sounded hopeful.
“I’m not sure yet. I need to find out what is really going on here. None of this is making any sense.” Fawn found it. The red dress from the last time she visited the castle. Although this time she wasn’t going to wear a shirt under it. Now she wanted to be noticed.
“What should I do?” Alex asked.
“Make us some food? Good or bad, this will be our last night together. Make something special,” Fawn grinned at him. She saw his face fall, and the pain returned in her chest. She wanted to reassure him, to tell him it was a lie but it wasn’t. Even if she saved his life, the prince couldn’t be courting an assassin. There was no place for her in his life, no matter how much she wanted it.
“Anything you want?” Alex tried to hide the pain, but his voice trembled.
“Surprise me,” Fawn grinned, but it was fake. She had told him that she would always be honest with him, but she couldn’t keep that promise. He didn’t deserve the truth. The truth that she would always remember him fondly. The truth that it might be years before she felt like being with another man. He had so ruined her for other men that she couldn’t picture wanting someone else, not like this.
No, he deserved to hold on to his fantasy for one more night. She also wanted to believe in it, pretend that tomorrow would never come, but it would. Tomorrow it would all come crashing down, one way or another. Tomorrow she would be gone, full of fond memories that would last her years, but she would be gone.
Fawn thought about her plan. It was idiotic at best, but it was all she had. Tonight would be reconnaissance. She would find out as much as she could about what was going on and strike tomorrow. She would kill the queen herself if she had to, just to save Alex. She would probably die in the attempt but, at the moment, this was her best plan. Hopefully, she could uncover something to keep her from going on this suicide mission, but Fawn was not hopeful. She would have done it tonight, but the mysterious person behind the assassins at the tavern was still out there. This person was still a threat to Alex. She could not die knowing that there was still someone out there planning to kill him. She would find this person and kill them first, then deal with the queen tomorrow.
Deep inside, she realized that she was also lying to herself. She was waiting until tomorrow because she wanted one more night with Alex. Her last meal before execution, shared with the perfect man.

Chapter 13
Fawn pulled her leather jacket tighter around herself. It was cold tonight, and wearing this dress without a shirt underneath was quite chilly. It had a plunging neckline, and it was sleeveless, but it had the desired effect. The men at the entrance couldn’t take their eyes off her, even with the jacket over top.
When she went inside, she handed the coat check boy her jacket and headed toward the crowd. It was late afternoon, and the festivities, whatever they were, were just starting. Tables were lined up with food and wine covering almost the entire surface of them all. Nobles walked around, picking at the food and downing the wine as fast as the servants could replace it. There were many noble men that could match the description Sheila had given. At least ten she could spot from the entrance.
Fawn walked in, and most of the men stared at the beautiful single woman that was unknown to them. She felt an arm wrap around her own that pulled her to the side of the room and recognized the voice before she had a chance to look at her abductor.
“I dare say that you are the most beautiful woman in this room,” the queen complimented.
“I find that surprising coming from my only competition,” Fawn replied kindly.
The queen laughed and continued to a dark hallway. When they were away from the guests, the queen’s voice changed from the forced cheerful tone to one of worry.
“What are you doing here? Is Alexander, ok?” The queen sounded strangely upset. How many people are so concerned with someone they wanted dead?
“Alex is fine,” Fawn replied, and the queen gave her a strange look that Fawn couldn’t figure out. It almost seemed like a look of relief.
“You call him Alex now?” the queen smirked.
“I’m sorry, but I can’t kill him. I don’t care what you do to me, but he doesn’t deserve to die. He will make an excellent king. He is…” Fawn was cut off when the queen put her finger to Fawn’s lips.
“Finally.” The queen smiled. “But try to keep your voice down. We don’t know who is listening,” the queen looked around and caught some nobles giving them strange glances. “Go protect Alexander and bring him to the castle tomorrow. We will speak when there are not so many ears.” The queen started back toward her guests, and Fawn caught her arm. She was almost certain now that the queen no longer wanted Alex dead.
“There is someone trying to kill Alex and myself. I have a description from Sheila at the tavern.” Fawn whispered.
“I know Sheila, Gregory’s wife. What did she say he looked like?” the queen whispered back.
“Heavy with black hair that is turning grey and a big gold ring.” Fawn saw revelation flit across the queen’s face.
“The royal council have large golden rings. They are seals for signing official documents. That narrows the search to four men.” The queen looked suspiciously over the crowd of guests.
“I need to find him,” Fawn said urgently.
“Perhaps you should stay after all. The two of us together might very well find the man responsible for my husband’s murder. The one planning Alex’s, mine, and possibly yours.” The queen smiled at Fawn.
Fawn looked at the queen astonished. Something much more complicated was going on here. The queen was using her to protect Alex, not kill him. The feeling of being used was soon erased by the sense of relief that Alex’s own mother didn’t want him dead. Alex would be fine if Fawn could just find out who really wanted him dead. A smile snuck its way onto her face, and the queen noticed.
“You’ve become quite fond of my son, haven’t you?” the queen asked.
“Yes, ma’am. He is an amazing man.” Fawn suddenly realized that her statement was far too enthusiastic.
The queen raised an eyebrow and looked at Fawn. Did the queen know? Had she just admitted to sleeping with Alex without meaning to? This queen was far from stupid. She had broken the queen’s rule. What punishment was in store for her tomorrow?
Fawn pushed these thoughts from her mind. She deserved to be punished for disobeying. As long as Alex was safe, she would accept her fate. Right now, she needed to concentrate on finding the man who was sending assassins at Alex. This had to be her only concern tonight. She would worry about the rest after Alex was safe.
Fawn and the queen parted, giving each other a knowing nod and mingled around the room. She spent the next hour flirting with men matching the description from Sheila. The queen was right, there were only four men that matched the description and wore a large gold ring, but none of them were surprised by her appearance. She had hoped that she might make the man nervous by talking to him, but whichever one he was, he was very good.
Fawn watched the queen, who seemed to be doing something similar. The queen hit up the same four men, but she had the same response as Fawn, no reaction. Out of the corner of her eye, Fawn caught sight of one of the potential murderers grabbing a glass of wine and dumping something into it. She watched this man carefully, as he crossed the room, heading straight for the queen. Had their gamble worked?
The man offered the queen the glass, and Fawn got closer. She looked at the queen, but it didn’t seem like her warning came across. If only it had been Alex. Alex would have punched the man in the nose with a simple glance from her. Was she putting him up on a pedestal now? What was she thinking? He was wonderful and funny, sexy and cute, but not hers, and he never would be.
“Would you toast with me?” the man in front of the queen asked.
“Why yes, High Councilman Gorett. I’d be delighted to.” The queen raised her glass, and Fawn was out of options.
“Let us toast to your son becoming king next week. May his glory outshine even King Harold.” The man raised his glass and kept his eye on the queens.
The queen put the glass to her lips. Fawn pretended to trip on her dress and fell into the queen, knocking it from her hand. The wine spilled on the floor, and the queen looked at her perplexed.
“My apologies, ma’am. I just can’t get used to wearing a dress this long. I will get you another glass.” Fawn hurried to the table to grab another glass of wine.
“No need, my dear. I think that is my cue that I’ve had enough. When the wine starts spilling, I should head to bed.” The queen turned her face to obscure it from Gorett and winked at Fawn. “Please come see me tomorrow and bring my dear Alexander. I’ve missed him lately.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Fawn curtsied then headed to the coat check to retrieve her jacket.
She could hear heavy footsteps behind her. Gorett was following her. She grabbed her jacket and walked swiftly out into the cold night. The heavy footsteps drew closer as she reached her horse then stubby fingers grabbed her arms. She let the man turn her without reacting. Killing the High Councilman on the castle grounds would definitely ensure her execution. She was so close to keeping both her and Alex alive. She couldn’t screw it up now.
“You vile woman. What do you think you are playing at?” Gorett asked angrily.
“Whatever do you mean High Councilman Gorett?” She chose to use his full title in hopes of easing the man’s anger.
“You are interfering in things that you can’t possibly understand. You are a highly paid whore for the prince, nothing more.” The man spit out the words with such distain.
“I am not sure what you are referring to, my lord,” Fawn said innocently. Her anger was growing. Was she a whore procured by the prince’s mother? Surely Alex didn’t know. Did he? He was so trusting of her from the very beginning. Perhaps this was the real reason? He had been hiding something in the cabin. Was this his secret?
“The queen is senile. I was giving her the medicine that keeps her level until her son can take the throne.” The man said this with conviction. He was either very good at lying, or he was telling the truth.
Fawn did recall the queen slapping her servant Jensen, then the next time confiding in him.
“Alexander wanted one last fling before he becomes king. To sow his wild oats. We hired you to do that for him under the pretense that you were to hold him hostage. You were to await an order that was never coming. It was a risk, but the prince enjoyed the danger of it,” Gorett went on.
Fawns stomach fell, and she felt like she was going to vomit. All of this, had been a joke? A way for a royal prick to get off, one last time before taking over the kingdom?
“I bet the boy didn’t even bother to be afraid of you. He is not very bright, but he is going to be our king. We have to indulge his less than admirable fetishes. We will be happy to pay you extra if you give him a night to remember. It is important that our king be at his best next week when he takes the throne.” Gorett held out his hand and slipped a bag of gold to her.
Fawn didn’t know how to respond. Her world, as she knew it, had been pulled out from under her. She spent so much time thinking about Alex that she forgot to suspect him. The first thing she learned was to trust no one, not even your friends. No wonder Alex had been so calm, he wasn’t afraid of dying because the order would never come from his mother.
Fawn wearily got on her horse, and the vile Gorett walked back to the party. She rode slowly as she thought.
It all made sense now. He was seducing her. The warning from his mother was to make her a more entertaining catch. What fun was it to bed a woman who was paid to do it? When he could pay someone not to and work his charms until she submitted? Fawn laughed sadly. She was the ultimate conquest. An assassin forbidden from having sex with him. She suddenly felt like killing him herself, but this would not make her feel better and only get her imprisoned or worse. No, she wanted nothing to do with him. She had her money, she could just leave. Never see him again. Never think of him again.
She went over all the items at the cabin. The clothes weren’t hers, the supplies she had bought with the gold she received from the queen. The gold. It was still there. Suddenly, she didn’t care about the gold anymore. It would be worth the lost gold to not have to face him. She had been played for a fool. Then she remembered her blades were still there. She couldn’t leave those. An assassin never left their blades. Fawn turned the horse toward the cabin.
She had to retrieve them. Maybe she could sneak in to grab them and possibly the gold before Alex knew she was there. A confrontation with him might make her do something she would regret. If she killed him in anger, after he admitted his duplicity, she would be hunted for the rest of her life. It would be better to avoid him if at all possible.

Chapter 14
Fawn arrived at the cabin late. The moon was barely above the horizon and just a sliver. She could see the dew on the grass sparkling in the dim light but not much else. The light coming from the cabin flooded out of the windows but reached only a few feet. She knew that Fox was around here, but she didn’t want to see him either. He was in on the whole thing. It all just made too much sense now.
She dropped from her horse and moved to the window. Alex was preparing something for their last supper together that looked complicated. The lengths that he went to for this deception was sickening. A combination of disgust, hatred, and total loss filled her. She felt like someone was stomping on her chest, and her heart was in a vice. She could barely breathe. Fawn wanted to cry and scream at the same time. How had she fallen for this? Why had she let herself fall for him?
Alex had his back to her and was concentrating on his meal. Now was her chance. She silently opened the door and slipped inside. She slid off her fancy shoes and snuck toward her pile of clothes. Her gold and blades were hidden at the bottom. She could retrieve them and be out of there before the loathsome bastard knew what had happened.
She reached the pile and slid her blades out. Anger filled her as she looked at the lying excuse for a man. She could so easily kill him, and he would deserve it. Despite her anger, she slid them into a pair of pants and picked them up. He wasn’t worth the trouble. She grabbed a warmer coat and a warm shirt. When she was grabbing the bag of gold, it jingled, and Alex turned to look at her.
“Fawn?” he asked, unsure why she was sneaking around.
The anger boiled up inside her, and she couldn’t contain it any longer.
“You fucking bastard! You lied to me!” Fawn started walking toward him. She threw her clothes, gold, and blades down. She wasn’t about to kill him, but she could kick his ass.
“What?” Alex was terrified. He had no idea what he had done to instill this much anger.
“Your mother never wanted to kill you! This was all a setup!” Fawn ran at him and grabbed him by the collar. She wanted to beat him, but she was afraid she wouldn’t be able to stop.
“She didn’t?” Alex asked as he cringed.
“Just stop! I know everything! Drop the act!” Fawn hit him in the stomach, and Alex flinched but didn’t fight back.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about. I’ve lied to you only once,” Alex begged.
“Of course, you would say that.” Her voice was quieter, but still full of hatred. “Do you think I’m stupid? I’m not a fucking whore you can just pay to be your plaything. If you weren’t the prince, I’d kill you right now. You are just lucky that I don’t want to spend the rest of my life running.” Fawn released his collar and held her fists at her side, fighting the desire to beat him senseless.
“I don’t think you’re a whore. That’s ridiculous. I only lied about why I trusted you,” Alex tried to explain.
“I know,” Fawn punched him in the stomach again. Alex doubled over.
“Let me explain,” Alex groaned.
The front door of the cabin flew open, and Fox stood in the doorway.
“Are you ok, sir?” Fox asked.
“Fox?” Alex asked, puzzled by his appearance.
“Sorry, sir. I’ve been outside.” Fox looked slightly embarrassed at the admission.
“You’ve been outside this whole time?” Alex looked a little upset. He pushed by Fawn, who seemed confused by his reaction to Fox.
“Umm, yes, sir. I was not to interfere unless your life was in danger. I saw her enter the house and she looked very upset. I heard the shouting and umm I peeked inside.” Fox looked down at the floor. “I’m very sorry, sir. Please don’t tell the queen.”
“Oh, mom is going to hear about this!” Alex stormed to the front door then turned to look at Fawn. “Were you in on this?” He seemed hurt.
Fawns face turned ghost white, and her jaw dropped open. What had she done? She was ready to kill Alex on the word of a man who hired assassins to kill her. Fawn stared at Alex. He appeared upset and angry. Either he was the best actor on the planet, or he was just as upset as she was.
“No, I wasn’t in on this!” Fawn replied, still angry, but now her anger turned toward the situation and the vile man who had so easily turned her against Alex. Alex returned his gaze to Fox.
“Tell me what’s going on, Fox,” Alex demanded.
“I’m sorry, my lord, but I cannot. Your mother will explain everything in the morning.” Fox continued to look down. He couldn’t leave until he was released, but he also couldn’t tell Alex what he wanted to know.
“I’m your charge. You have to listen to me.” Alex moved a step closer, and Fox cringed.
“I’m sorry, my lord. I can’t tell you. Next week, when you are king, then you are my boss. Until then the queen is, you are only my charge.” Fox was in a sticky situation. Refusing Alex a week before he became the king was dangerous. He only hoped that in the week to come, Alex would forgive him.
“So, help me if my mother…” He stopped as he remembered what Fawn had said and turned to her. “You’re not a prostitute are you?” he asked her for confirmation.
“No!” Fawn replied, her exasperation was clear.
“So, you had no idea about this then?” Alex’s anger was growing, and Fawn could see it on his face. She had made a horrible mistake. Her perfect man was still perfect. He didn’t have a clue as to what was going on. It was his mother that had set this up, and Gorett played on her lack of knowledge about the plan, as well as her insecurities.
Alex clenched his fists and looked back at Fox. He stood there for a moment, trying to throttle his anger. He was angry at Fox for his knowledge of this plot, but his mother had planned it. It was his mother that deserved his contempt.
“I will be king next week. Keep that in mind. If you ever lay a hand on her, I will beat you myself.” Alex pointed at Fawn. He was dead serious and extremely angry. He controlled his voice and his temper but his outrage at the situation, as well as his words, elicited new respect from Fawn.
“I understand, sir. I’ll be outside if you need anything,” Fox said and waited to be excused.
“Your job is to protect me, Fox, but never from her. Even if she kills me, she is still your charge. As of right now, she is more important than I am. Do you understand?!” Alex lost his grip on his anger for a moment. “You’re dismissed.”
Fox nodded and backed out the door before closing it.
Fawn started toward Alex but stopped halfway there. She could see his frustration and anger. It was her fault.
“I…I…” Fawn couldn’t find the words to express her regret.
“I feel the same way,” Alex said angrily. “I’m sorry I asked if you were…” He couldn’t finish. He had jumped to conclusions and felt guilty. It seemed that she was just as much a victim as he was.
“How do you know Fox?” Fawn was still lost. She wanted to change the subject to avoid this awkward and horrible conversation, at least for now. She didn’t belong in this world, but she needed to figure out who the players were, who they really were. The world of nobles was deceitful and impossible to keep track of.
“He’s Jensen’s son.” Alex took a few steps toward her
“Jensen’s son is an assassin?” Fawn asked.
“No. He’s a protector of the royal family. Sebastian has been my protector since he could throw a punch,” Alex explained.
“Sebastian?” Fawn was completely lost.
“Sebastian Fox, Jensen Fox’s son. We call him Fox because it’s hard to get a good nickname from Sebastian.” Alex walked toward Fawn’s bed and sat down.
Fawn was ready for the conversation now. Their mutual frustration and anger had dulled to a simmer. She walked over to the cage and grabbed a chair. She put it in front of her bed, a few feet from Alex, then sat down to face him. Her dress was cumbersome. She wished that she had changed.
Alex looked up. His irritation softened when he looked at her.
“You don’t have to stay. I know you had nothing to do with this. Fox is outside, and mom doesn’t really want to kill me. I understand if you just want to get your things and go.” Alex sounded depressed, unsure of what to say.
“I wouldn’t say I had nothing to do with this.” Fawn’s guilt for believing he was as duplicitous as the rest of them weighed on her.
“What do you mean?” Alex asked inquisitively.
“I was willing to kill you…at least at first,” Fawn admitted.
“Not that I want to die, but you didn’t lie to me. Somehow lying to me seems worse.” Alex held out his hands like he was waiting for her to agree.
“I don’t know about worse, but I did tell you the truth.” Fawn looked at him sympathetically. “That was before I knew you.”
“Do you really know me? You thought I saw you as a prostitute or something.” Alex looked at her, his face begging for her to save him from all of this. He wanted things to go back to the way they were before she had left, but he knew it wasn’t possible now.
“You asked if I was a whore.” One side of Fawn’s mouth raised and her face softened.
“Hey, now. What was I to think?” Alex’s mood lifted a little more.
“Your mom set us up, and Gorett played us against each other.” Fawn looked frustrated, but no longer with Alex. He was still the man she thought he was. The kind, generous, perfect man that she had hoped he was. If she could do this over again…but that was not possible now.
“Gorett? High Councilman Gorett?” Alex was still not in on this part of the elaborate deception that he was the center of.
“Yes, your mother thinks he killed your father. I know he tried to kill her. I saw it. He tried to fool me. Telling me that it was her medicine for her senility. Ok, he did fool me. I bought every word he said because…” Fawn couldn’t admit to him why she believed it. She wasn’t even ready to admit that to herself, part of it, but not completely.
“Why would you believe him? Is mom ok?” Alex asked.
“She’s fine,” Fawn answered.
“You didn’t answer my first question,” Alex looked at her with one eyebrow raised.
Fawn cringed but forced herself to tell him.
“There’s no place for me in your world. I don’t fit in. All this running around fooling people into doing things you want them to do. All the deceit and lying. I’m just not cut out for this. It was easier to believe that you were fooling me too.” Fawn looked at the ground and picked at her nails. It was embarrassing to admit, but it was half of the reason. She still held on to the other half like a child with its favorite toy. If she said it out loud, Alex might take it from her as well. At least this way she could always wonder, what if?
“This coming from an assassin. A very good assassin.” Alex laughed quietly.
“So, it’s settled then. I’m staying until this is finished.” Fawn looked at Alex waiting to judge his reply.
“Why?” Alex asked.
“They lied to me too. Gorett tried to make me hate you. Your mother…I have no idea what your mother was trying to do, but she lied about why she hired me.” Fawn still had no clue what the queen had intended. Of all of them, she was the worst, or the best, depending on how she looked at it.
“So, I guess we’re in this together. At least for one more night,” Alex sounded depressed by this admission.
“It’s not so bad. You made us a lovely dinner, right?” Fawn was trying to cheer him up. Things couldn’t go back to the way they were before, but maybe he still thought of her as a friend.
“Oh shit!” Alex shot up from the bed and ran to the kitchen.
“Something wrong?” Fawn teased. This was more like it. Everything may not have been the same, but this was what she wanted. Alex being clumsy and her teasing him. It felt normal. It felt safe. It felt good.
“Umm, I was making you…damn it!” Dishes crashed to the floor, and Fawn laughed. He was trying very hard, but he was still as uncoordinated in the kitchen as he was anywhere else. “Do you like soup?” Alex cringed, his perfectly planned meal was all over the floor.
“Actually, soup sounds nice. I’ll get something to clean that up while you make it.” Fawn got up and realized she was still in the beautiful, but out of place, dress. “As soon as I get out of this thing.” Fawn looked down, and Alex turned.
“It is quite pretty but not the kind of dress you wear to clean and eat soup,” Alex laughed.
“No peeking,” Fawn scolded, and Alex quickly turned away.
“Sorry, forgot that I don’t have permission,” Alex teased.
Fawn pulled the dress off and slid on a pair of tight-fitting pants, since those were the only pants she was supplied with. Then she found a blue shirt that, like most of the rest, had the top three buttons missing. When she was done, she headed to the kitchen and started cleaning up the mess Alex had made. It was a shame. It actually smelled quite good. She wasn’t sure what it had been, but there was a hint of beef, and some type of gravy with mushrooms.
“How long did you spend on this?” Fawn asked as she scooped up the mess and headed out the back door.
“I only spent about an hour or so on it. It took me longer to make up my mind, than to actually make it.” Alex laughed, and Fawns stomach started to do flips again. She scolded herself. Friends, just friends. He has no interest in you and never will. It’s better this way. What you saw before was in your head. Again, Fawn scolded herself for believing she could have more with Alex than was possible for someone like herself.
Alex finished the soup while Fawn finished cleaning up the mess, then Alex placed two bowls of soup on the small table. He had gotten both chairs and even put out silverware for each of them.
“I’m sorry, but we don’t have any wine. It’s just water,” Alex apologized.
“That’s ok. I had enough wine earlier.” Fawn laughed a little to herself. She was glad it wasn’t wine. Wine would only make this awkward situation more awkward. What they had done earlier still lingered in her mind. Wine would only embolden her and cause her to ask for the seconds she had referred to earlier. She couldn’t take his rejection, not now.
Fawn and Alex ate their soup silently. The tension in the air kept them from making small talk. Even talking about their dubious situation seemed unimportant as they both sat and thought about what they had shared earlier.
When Fawn was finished, she stood up and took her dishes to the kitchen. Alex followed behind her, and as she turned to head back, he bumped into her side. Fawn winced in pain as the bruise on her hip was jabbed by Alex’s elbow.
“Are you alright?” Alex asked, concerned.
“I’m fine.” Fawn laughed. “I get stabbed in the leg, cut across my chest, and the one that causes the most pain is a bruise. Go figure.” Fawn held her hip and walked toward her bed.
“You know, I’m sort of like your doctor. I should really take a look at that.” Alex looked at her longingly, but she didn’t turn around.
“I’ll be fine. It’s just a bruise.” Fawn continued to her bed.
Alex put down his dishes, and hurriedly walked to catch her.
“Bruises can be deadly. Especially if they bleed beneath the skin. You could have broken a bone, injured an organ, you just never know. I really should look at it,” Alex forced the point playfully.
Fawn turned to look at him and saw that it wasn’t concern on his face, it was something else. Something she had hoped to see before.
“I suppose you probably should look at it,” Fawn simpered.
Alex got on his knees and undid the clasp on her pants. He tried to ease the fabric down to see the bruise, but Fawn inhaled sharply as he touched it.
“I can’t get a good look at it without hurting you.” Alex looked up at her and was surprised by the flirtatious look on her face.
Fawn reached down and finished unbuttoning her pants then pulled one side to give him a better look.
Alex pushed lightly on the large bruise.
“I think I know what the problem is,” Alex said softly.
“What is that?” Fawn replied playfully.
Alex leaned in and kissed the bruise.
“This is serious. You are going to need some special treatment.” Alex kissed beside the bruise, closer to the middle of her stomach. “Yes, this is much more serious than I imagined.” Alex kissed in the middle of her stomach then kissed lower, and she let out a gasp.
“I would, of course, need permission to begin treatment,” Alex smiled up at her.
“I’m not sure. Can you explain the treatment first,” Fawn teased.
Alex kissed a little lower, then a little lower. He kissed one more time at the edge of her hairline then looked up at her once more.
“I think it is one of those things that I would need to demonstrate.” Alex pulled lightly on the hips of her pants, and they slid down to reveal more of her womanhood.
“You have permission,” Fawn giggled.
“Are you sure you consent to the treatment?” Alex leaned in and traced a line along her hairline with his tongue.
“You…have permission, Alex,” she gasped.
As he stood, he put one arm behind her knees then the other behind her shoulders and carried her petite body to the bed. He laid her down gently then pulled her pants off, careful not to hurt her bruise, nor the stab wound in her leg.
Alex kissed up her leg after her pants were out of the way, and she unbuttoned her shirt. Alex glanced upward and took a break from kissing to take in her beautiful body.
“I think you will need a lot of treatment. Lay back and relax miss. This might take some time.” Alex kissed inside her inner thigh until he finally reached the spot he was aiming for.
Fawn let out a loud gasp as his tongue pierced her. She giggled a little. This is what Sheila had meant. Fawn ran her fingers through Alex’s hair.
“I want you inside me,” she whispered, but he ignored her. She gasped again. “Alex,” She whispered, the sound of his name caused the pleasure to increase. His tongue darted back and forth, almost making a design, and she released his hair to grab the edges of the bed. “Alex!” she yelled loudly.
Alex lifted his head.
“Not so loud, Fox will come barging in again,” Alex scolded then went back to his duty.
“I…I don’t care….who hears!” Fawn shouted between gasps.
She felt Alex smile, then nibble on her. She felt like her body was on fire, and she was getting close.
“I need you inside me,” Fawn protested, but Alex ignored her. He sucked and licked until she was bucking against him.
“I…” Fawn lost all knowledge of how to speak. She grabbed the back of his head and held on tightly as he led her to an orgasm like she had never experienced before. She clenched every muscle in her body and wrapped her legs around his shoulders. She arched her back so that it was no longer on the bed. She was so lost in this passionate moment that she forgot how to breathe.
When it was over, she took in a large breath and let herself fall onto the bed. After taking a moment to catch her breath she reached for Alex’s head and lifted it up. To Alex Fawn looked beautiful and satisfied, he was right about one.
“My turn!” she grinned seductively.
“Tonight it’s all your turn,” Alex replied, then pulled his shirt over his head. Fawn struggled with his pants, but she was short of breath and still a little bit giddy. He stood beside the bed and removed them. She grabbed for his manhood, but he pushed her hand away. He gently grabbed her and lifted her up before turning her around and easing her back down. He got to his knees behind her and leaned her over the bed.
“It’s my turn,” she protested.
“Yes, it is,” Alex replied as he slid inside her.
Fawn grabbed the blankets and held on tightly. She relished the feeling of every inch slowly filling her. Alex placed his hands on her shoulders and pushed hard into her.
“Yes!” she yelled with a breathy voice.
Alex slowed, pulling it almost out then driving it back in quickly.
“You have your tortures. I have mine,” Alex grinned deviously. Fawn pushed against him.
“Don’t stop!” She yelled.
He eased it out slowly and quickly slid it in as far as it would go. He repeated this over and over, ever so slowly. It was torture, but she loved it.
“Harder,” Fawn pleaded.
“Are you close,” Alex asked as he pressed against her.
“Yes, don’t stop. Please, don’t stop!” Fawn begged.
Alex gave in. He thrust into her harder and harder, again and again until he felt the pressure building in himself as well. Her fevered cries of pleasure spurred him on, making it impossible for him to stop. One final thrust and he held onto her shoulders tightly as all his muscles stiffened. She saw the blinding light once more and welcomed it. She held the sheets tightly and bit down on the bed to keep herself from screaming as the explosion of pleasure consumed her.
Alex pulled himself away, panting, and Fawn crawled into bed. She covered herself and bit her lip as she stared at the man who had just shown her a new level of pleasure. She lifted the blanket and waited. When he looked confused, she decided that being direct might be the best way to get what she wanted.
“You should sleep here tonight,” Fawn said softly.
Alex didn’t need to be told twice. He got into bed beside her before she could change her mind. She sprawled out on his chest and laid her head on his shoulder. She kissed him on the cheek, and he slid his hand into the small of her back.
“So, doctor?” Fawn asked with a grin.
“Yes, patient,” Alex played along.
“I’m not feeling any better. I don’t think the treatment worked.” Fawn bit her lip and tipped her head down.
“Well then, I guess we’ll just have to keep trying until it does work.” Alex pulled her closer and held her tightly. He wanted to forget everything going on in his life and stay here forever. Somehow he thought Fawn might be thinking the same thing.
They laid together for almost an hour, sometimes talking, sometimes just thinking. Neither of them wanted to let this moment go. When Fawn eventually fell asleep on his chest, Alex let himself drift off as well.

Chapter 15
Fawn woke and looked down at Alex. She laid there for a moment wondering what he was dreaming about. Then she thought of everything that had happened. Alex started out as a bumbling halfwit that she couldn’t stand. Then he became a friend whom she didn’t want to be without. What was he now? A lover? Something more? Only he could answer that question, and she wasn’t going to ask. She would finish helping him today then head off to her next job. He didn’t need her. He had a kingdom that he would soon be in charge of. The king didn’t need an assassin tagging along with him asking questions about what was going on.
Fawn forced herself to get out of bed and put her clothes on. She didn’t want this to be over, but prolonging it hurt. She had come to expect this crushing sensation in her chest. Every time she thought of her life without Alex, it felt as if the world itself was coming down on her.
“Morning, beautiful,” Alex said as he sat up in bed.
Fawn smiled, and this time didn’t shy away from the feelings he produced in her. She liked these feelings. She had struggled so hard to fight them, but she wanted them now. They would help her remember him. They would be replaced with sadness and loneliness soon enough, but right now, they were wonderful.
“Morning,” Fawn replied. “You should get dressed.”
Alex got out of bed and stumbled as his foot got caught in the blankets. Fawn watched the naked man struggle to stay on his feet and laughed. This was the man who had changed her view of the world. Everything looked different now. Happiness was a possibility, just not with him. The weight pressed down on her again. The pain of wanting to be with someone you can’t have.
Soon they were both dressed and heading off to the castle. Fawn enjoyed the ride. With only one horse she was forced to sit behind him and cling to him. She even thought that he might be going a little slower than he should. Maybe he wanted more time as well. She could hope. There was one thing that she was sure of. She was not about to complain. Every minute they spent on the horse brought her one minute closer to losing him. Fawn hoped that he would remember her fondly, as she would remember him. She almost groaned as the castle came into view and strangely, as she thought this, Alex did groan.
“Here we go,” Alex complained.
“Not looking forward to this?” Fawn asked.
“Why would I? My mother has some evil, twisted plot going on. The man who killed my father is probably in there now and the worst part…” Alex stopped as if he wasn’t sure if he should say it or not. “You will probably be leaving today.”
Fawn felt like she was floating. He would remember her. He did care. Her stomach flipped, and her hands shook. She squeezed him tightly, and he put one hand on her arm to let her know he enjoyed it.
They went through the castle gates, and someone took their horse to the stables. Fawn walked beside Alex and worried. When they approached the door to the inner castle, the guards stood in their way.
“Sorry, sir, but she is not allowed,” one of the guards said sternly. “The queen ordered that only the royal family and high council are allowed.”
Alex flew into a rage, and Fawns stomach fell. This was what she had been afraid of. She didn’t belong with a prince. This would always be the way it was. She was nobody, just an assassin.
The doors flew open, and Gregory pushed his way through the guards. They stood at attention at his arrival then he bowed low before Fawn.
“My apologies, Miss Raven. My guards,” he looked to the right then the left with disdain. “Don’t recognize a lady when they see one.”
“Your guards?” Fawn asked.
“Greg is the captain of the guards. I thought you knew that.” Alex looked at her, and confusion filled his face.
“I thought he was your bodyguard.” Fawn looked at Alex as if to ask for help.
“Fox is my bodyguard,” Alex laughed.
No wonder Gregory hadn’t been overly concerned with Alex’s disappearance. It wasn’t his job. This explained so much. They didn’t spend time together because Gregory was his guard. He was Alex’s friend.
Both guards followed Gregory’s lead and bowed to Fawn.
“Now if you don’t mind, Miss Raven, the queen has been waiting for you.” Gregory held out his arm, and Fawn put hers in it.
Alex tried to push his way up with them, but Gregory almost knocked him over.
“Get your own lady, Alexander,” Gregory quipped.
“But…” Alex stammered. “She is mine.”
The words had an immediate physical effect on Fawn. His? Did he really mean it? Fawn shot him an appreciative look and Alex’s frown softened.
There was no one in the castle today. The festivities from last night were a distant memory. The only thing that even hinted at the size of it was the clean, empty tables that hadn’t been taken down yet.
Gregory led Fawn up the steps to the queen’s chambers, and Alex followed. The large captain of the guard held the door open for her, and then after Alex went inside, he walked in and leaned on the door. Another man who looked like Gregory, but smaller, stood beside the door.
“This is my brother, Thomas,” Gregory said to Fawn.
“Pleased to meet you, Thomas,” Fawn curtsied and then turned to face the queen. The queen sat in her husband’s chair, Fox on one side and Jensen on the other. Both men looked serious. Beside the large desk stood Gorett. He appeared very nervous and kept looking at everyone in the room.
“Have a seat please, both of you,” the queen ordered.
Fawn took the seat away from Gorett and Alex, the one closer to him. Alex gave him an angry look, and the man almost visibly shook. When they were both seated, the queen began.
“I would like to thank Fawn for her help in finding the man responsible for my husband’s murder.” The queen looked at Fawn kindly.
Suddenly Fawn realized that the queen had used her real name. She looked frantically around, but no one seemed to care. It was as if they already knew.
“Don’t worry dear. They already know who you are. That information will not leave this room. I can promise you that. Unless…” the queen paused and Fawn got even more nervous.
“Unless what?” Fawn didn’t understand, was this some kind of blackmail. What did she have to do next to keep her secret? If she was suggesting that she kill Alex, the queen had better watch her back.
The queen saw the look of anger on Fawn’s face and laughed.
“Unless you want them to.” The queen chuckled and pulled a dagger from her drawer, then set it between Alex and Fawn. “A gift.”
“A gift for what? I won’t kill Alex.” Fawn stood up.
“Calm yourself, dear. No one is going to kill Alex.” The queen smiled, and Fawn sat down. “This gift is for the both of you. Alex,” the queen started.
“Yes, mother,” Alex replied respectfully.
“Fawn never told you who the assassins were after, did she?” The queen looked deviously at her son.
“I just assumed…” Alex started but then looked at his mother, puzzled.
“Gorett sent them to kill Fawn.” The queen leaned back and steepled her fingers.
Alex grabbed the dagger, stood and thrust it into Gorett’s chest.
“How dare you!” Alex shouted.
Fawn stared on in amazement and shock. She thought Alex was the kindest, gentlest man she’d ever met. She had never seen him so furious. Angry enough to kill.
Gorett choked on his own blood then the queen motioned to Gregory and Thomas.
“Please get rid of him and round up the rest that he named. Eventually, we’ll be rid of the lot of them,” the queen leaned forward and rested her elbows on the table. “Would you all please give Fawn and myself a moment alone?”
Fawn looked nervously to Alex, and he looked back. She needed to do this. There was something else going on here. Alex fidgeted and still held the bloody dagger.
“It’s ok, Alex. You’ll be right outside.” Fawn smiled at him, and he nodded.
A smile spread on the queen’s face.
Alex, Jensen, and Fox followed Gregory and Thomas then shut the door.
“Why are you so happy?” Fawn asked curiously.
“I just realized how smart my son is. He was making sure you were ok, but more importantly, he was asking your permission.” The queen leaned back again and put her hands in her lap.
“He does that,” Fawn laughed, and a smile of contentment spread across her face.
“If only my Harold had been that bright. I warned him that something wasn’t right, but he dismissed my suspicions and got himself killed. How I miss that poor stubborn bastard.” The queen laughed, and Fawn was impressed. This was honesty, not quite what she had expected. She had gotten used to the queen’s schemes and misdirections, but this was nice.
“I have a story for you. One I think you will find quite familiar. Do you mind indulging an old woman?” The queen asked, as if Fawn had a choice.
“You’re the queen, you can do whatever you want,” Fawn replied snidely.
The queen laughed at her remark.
“Only for another week. Next week we’ll have a new queen…I hope,” she stood and walked around the table.
Was the queen hoping to marry off Alex already? She must have had someone in mind. Fawn almost laughed. She doubted Alex would take it well. Then she remembered. She was just an assassin. Surely the queen would have some rich princess that Alex would be forced to marry, and eventually, he would grow to love her. Fawn’s depression reached a new low. He would forget her, someday.
“My story begins quite a while ago. I was an assassin, just like you,” the queen started, and Fawn’s mouth fell agape. “I can see you are surprised by this. It pleases me that I can still keep my secrets.”
“I was hired to kidnap a prince and hold him for three weeks. After the three weeks were up, I was to deliver his head in a bag to the castle unless a ransom demand was met.” The queen watched the emotions flood Fawn’s face. “The ransom got paid, but my client decided that the prince should die anyway, so he never sent word for me to release the man. Well, this man was a charming one. In the first week, he had me in his bed, or rather him in mine. He was irresistible and funny. I fell in love the week after. The third week came around, and we devised a plan. I knew who had hired me. The man was executed shortly afterward. My Harold ruled longer than any king had ever ruled before. I continued my work for a while, until Alex got old enough that I thought the little devil might catch me. That was when I finally quit. Just about ten years ago.”
Fawn looked at the queen, her mouth falling farther open.
“So, I decided that my son should meet someone worthy of him in a similar fashion. Since he was dead set on dying alone. I’m not sure if he lacks the courage or the skills to get a woman. Either way, he is just a total basket case whenever a beautiful woman is around. I’m sure you noticed. He probably latched on to you in a matter of days. He can’t help it. He’s trusting, almost naively so. He just can’t say no to a pretty woman. You probably even thought he was trying to pull something over on you. I heard all about what Gorett told you.” The queen laughed loudly and walked back to her chair.
“My son would just as soon have me banished if I ever did something like that. He’s not that kind of man. This was all my idea, he had no inclination about any of it. Please, don’t be cross with him. Whatever happened between you was real.” The queen steepled her fingers again and leaned back in the large chair.
Fawn wasn’t sure how to respond.
“I’m almost done with my story, then hopefully you can find it in your heart to forgive a mother for trying to match her son to the perfect woman.” The queen waited for objections, but Fawn couldn’t find anything to say. It was all so overwhelming.
“I realized how inept my son was with women and decided that he needed a push in the right direction. Two years ago, Jensen and I found twelve women. All of them pretty and set in their ways. All of them rough and able to take care of themselves. One of them an assassin. They were all given jobs that would bring out the true person they really were. You see my son deserves nothing less than a woman as vicious and cunning as his mother.” The queen laughed, and Fawn tried to smile.
“I’ve been your employer for the last two years, dear. At first, you were our worst candidate. You killed anyone, and everyone set before you. Jensen convinced me that we needed to start out slower. So, I put a few jobs that were, clearly wrong, in your path. Some of the girls started to fail their tests but not you.” This time the queen waited for Fawn to speak.
“The girl. The one that slapped the noble.” Fawn realized that the queen needed her to acknowledge it, so she did.
“Yes, finally you pulled your head out of your ass and did something.” The queen looked pleased, but Fawn felt guilty.
“You let that girl go and faked her death. You gave her all your money too. After that, it was plain to see that you were the right choice. The jobs got harder, but your sight got clearer. You started to be able to tell who was the real victim and did as your conscience told you. Finally, I had found the perfect woman for Alex. Actually, I had found you years ago but thought you were too tough and focused to ever be worthy of him.” The queen got up and walked to the front of the table again and stood in front of Fawn.
“You see we know each other, Fawn. I knew your name before you even told me. Back in my day, before Wolf came up with those ridiculous animal code names we all just used nicknames.” The queen stuck out her hand, and Fawn recognized her smile. A shiver ran down Fawn’s spine. How had she missed this? The hair was different, the eyes were older. Even her voice was lower and raspier, but that smile, she would never forget that smile. “My real name is Catherine, but I think you know me as Cat.”
Fawn stood and put her hand in the queens, still shocked and unable to find words to describe the emotions swirling in her head.
“Umm, what do we do now?” Fawn asked. She had no idea what Cat had planned next. She had been manipulated and pushed in a direction that she never would have chosen, but she was grateful. All of it was worth it. She was happy the queen had done this. Before this job, Fawn thought happiness was impossible for an assassin. Love a pipe dream.
“Well, hopefully, I haven’t misjudged my son’s intelligence. If he’s even half as smart as I think he is. He will ask you to marry him before you get the chance to disappear, but we’ll see.” Cat turned to the door and yelled. “Alex! Can you come here please?!”
Alex opened the door and peered inside, expecting to see blood and signs of fighting.
“Everything ok?” Alex asked.
“Shut the door, please. This is a private moment. Royalty only.” The queen sat in the overly large chair and waited.
“I need to tell you something,” Fawn started.
“Before you tell me, let me tell you something.” Alex looked at her, full of guilt. “I lied about why I trusted you so much. At first, I thought I had a crush on you. You were just so beautiful. So focused and stubborn. You talked to me like no one has ever talked to me. You saw me as a person, not a prince. As the days went on, I realized that it wasn’t a crush. I love you, Fawn.” Alex got on one knee. “I would like permission to ask you a question.”
“Yes,” Fawn smiled down at him.
“Would you…” Alex started, but Fawn cut him off.
“I mean, yes, I will marry you.” Fawn put her arms around his neck, and he stood, lifting her into the air.
“I guess it went well in here?” Alex quipped. “And what were you going to say?”
“I was going to tell you that I also lied. Not only to you, but to myself. I realize now that I love you too. I have since the first week. I just couldn’t admit it.” Fawn kissed him passionately and then pushed herself away. Alex let her down.
“What now?” Alex asked.
Fawn looked up at him and bit her lip. She grabbed his hand and headed for the door.
“I’d like to see your bedroom in the daytime.” Fawn giggled.
“Oh, would you now?” Alex laughed, and she pulled him down the hall.
Jensen walked back into the queen’s chambers and smiled at her.
“You did a good job, Jensen,” the queen said.
“What now? You will be retired in a week.” Jensen smiled at her knowingly.
“Fox isn’t getting any younger now, is he? My grandchildren will need bodyguards. Yes, I think Fox is next.” The queen stood and gave Jensen a devilish smile.
Jensen smiled and nodded, then held out his arm for her.

Epilogue
A decorated carriage pulled by four horses stopped in front of the large circular house. The sounds of swordplay could be heard as the heavyset man stepped from the carriage. His clothes spoke of a wealthy background. He wore a mask and cap which didn’t fit with his clothes, but they were for secrecy, not fashion. His gloved hands held his cane tightly as he slowly hobbled to the door. He knocked on the door, and the sounds of swords clashing stopped abruptly. The warm ocean air kept the winter cold at a minimum here, but the man was bundled up from head to toe.
A dark-skinned woman with silver eyes opened the door. Her dark brown hair neatly pulled back in a ponytail, and her body glistening with sweat. Her look suggested that she was not from this part of the world. Her appearance told the man that she was born on one of the many kingdoms across the ocean. Where the weather was warm year-round. The man bowed to the woman, and she led him inside.
“My mistress is expecting you,” the exotic woman stated as she pointed toward a larger, muscular woman with long, straight blond hair tied in a braid. This woman had very pale skin. She also did not hail from this part of the world. Her look and large frame suggested that she had been born in the far north where the snows fell most of the year. The sun was scarce there, and life a difficult existence.
The fire warmed this open house that seemed more like an overly large tent, once he was inside. There was little for comfort inside. Except for the two beds along the back wall, it was mostly for training. The racks of weapons that lined the wall were clean, most likely kept that way by the dark-skinned apprentice.
The larger woman was practicing swordplay against an invisible opponent but stopped when the overweight man stepped closer.
“Zhara, would you get our guest a drink? He has traveled all the way from Selenthal. I’m sure he is thirsty.” The woman threw the apprentice her sword, and the smaller woman caught it with a graceful twirl. The larger woman was a masterful fighter, but the man couldn’t help but watch the graceful apprentice.
“As you wish Mistress Silyna.” Zhara walked away quickly, only pausing to return the sword to its designated place on the rack.
“I have no need for drink,” the man said in a low gravelly voice.
“I usually wish to see my employers,” Silyna said as she eyed the man curiously.
The man pulled a bag of gold from his pocket and held it out for her.
“I expect this will rid you of that concern,” he said, his voice cracking as he spoke.
“All this to seduce a man? It hardly seems worth your money.” Silyna argued but didn’t refuse the gold.
“Sebastian Fox must not win the tournament in Selenthal. I’m not particular about who wins, as long as it is not him. The Kurts must lose their own tournament.” The man attempted to laugh, but ended up coughing instead.
“You don’t seem well, sir…?” Silyna waited for the man to finish her query.
“My health is not your concern.” The man ignored her request for his name. “Your only concern is that Sebastian Fox is too preoccupied to win.”
“I don’t understand? Why do you want this? What are you going to do? Is this a distraction for the king’s bodyguard so that you might do away with him?” Silyna was asking too many questions, and the man looked agitated. What little she could see of him.
“That is not your concern!” the man shouted, his voice cracking again. This caused another coughing fit. When he caught his breath, he spoke softer. “If I have this much to pay for a seduction, how much do you think I have to pay assassins? Don’t disappoint me, or there will be a price on your head.”
Silyna laughed.
“I do not fear assassins,” she turned and walked toward Zhara, handing her the gold. She took the cup from Zhara, took a drink, then returned her attention to the mysterious man.
“One assassin, sure, but five? Twenty-five? How long can you hold out against my wealth?” The man’s eyes looked at Silyna with burning intensity, and she got angry.
“Mistress Silyna, wait,” Zhara warned. She knew her master well, and Silyna’s temper was a force even she couldn’t subdue.
Silyna grabbed the man by the collar, dropping the cup. He swiftly placed two fingers in the joint of her shoulder, causing her arm to go numb. She released him when her hand could no longer support his weight. Then the man elbowed her in the throat, causing her to stumble backward, gasping.
“Don’t take my illness as a sign of weakness. I was an assassin once. I could still kill you without a second thought. Never touch me again!” the man growled.
Zhara walked up to him and bowed.
“Apologies, my lord. My mistress’s temper sometimes clouds her judgment. We will do as you ask.” Zhara stood, and her features caught the firelight, making her look warm and welcoming.
“It is forgotten. Just make sure your mistress follows my instructions.” The man held out an envelope to Zhara who took it eagerly. “Sebastian Fox is not to be harmed. If he even catches a cold because of you, it will be your death.”
“Yes, my lord. It will be done.” Zhara bowed, and the man headed for the door.
Silyna walked angrily to the door, passing the man, then held it open for him to leave. The man hobbled back to his carriage while the two women who contrasted each other, one large and muscular one small and athletic, watched him agonize his way up the carriage ladder. Once inside, he shut the door, and the carriage was off.
The man pulled off the hat and mask. Fawn’s smiling face met with Alexander’s concerned look.
“I really don’t like you doing this in your condition.” Alexander frowned at her.
She continued to smile while she pulled off the heavy coat to reveal her round belly. She placed both hands on her unborn child and smiled.
“I will be fine. I’m not due until next month.” She looked at her husband lovingly, and he couldn’t help but smile back at her. “This one is important, someone is going to try to kill you during the tournament. I quit with the strenuous jobs, but this one needs to be done correctly. This isn’t like the others. Someone very powerful and very rich wants you dead.”
“Yes, I know, dear. Don’t think I don’t appreciate what you’ve done. I’d be dead twice now if it wasn’t for you, but that isn’t your job. You are going to be a mother soon. I thank the Lord each day that you are in my life. Mother’s deception has brought me more happiness than a man deserves.” Alexander looked at the opposite corner of the carriage. Out of the shadows, Catherine leaned forward.
“You’re welcome,” she smiled then turned to Fawn. “How was she?”
“She’s perfect for Fox,” Fawn smiled deviously.


Raven’s Gamble, the conclusion to Raven’s Embrace, is now available.


If you enjoy my work, please leave me a review. Indie authors, like myself, need reviews to keep doing what we do. I appreciate the feedback and enjoy hearing from my readers, whether it be compliments, suggestions, or criticisms.
Want to know when my new books are coming out? Sign up for my mailing list to receive a head’s up when my books will go live.
I'm looking for a few reviewers.
Interested in receiving free books for an honest review with no commitment? You will receive copies of my new books for free but only review the ones you want to review. If this sounds like something you would be interested in, sign up for my mailing list and enter REVIEW as your name.
You can also check me out on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/StevenSterupJrAuthor/ or on my website at www.StevenSterupJr.com.

MOUS Investigations Series
Cassy Mousman and Zach Nielson each grew up with their adoptive parents, knowing nothing about each other nor why, as adults, they are inexplicably linked. The murder of Cassy’s father causes her to trick Zach into becoming her unwitting partner in her search to find out what they really are. She knows they are not human, but nothing in her father’s books can explain her unusual abilities nor why countless orphans were deposited on human doorsteps the same day she was.
Perhaps with Zach’s help, she can finally discover what they really are and why everything seems to revolve around the unassuming accountant, Zach. In the meantime, all she can do is help the supernaturals like her father had and piece together the clues to this puzzle.

    
  
Case of the Docile Dhampir Book 1
The Ghoul from Galveston Book 2
Deceptive Dragons and Duplicitous Sisters Book 3
A Wendigo in Wisconsin Book 4
Ogres in Oakland, Oh My! Book 5

The 21st Curse Collection
The 21st Curse is not a standard series, but rather a collection of stories about werewolves and witches.
The lives of witches and werewolves are entwined in an age old curse. The witches need the werewolves to protect them and the werewolves need witches to salvage their sanity.
A book handed down for generations spells out the terms of their contract in a way that none with the curse can deny.
At the twenty-first hour on the twenty-first day of the twenty-first year, a child will become a beast. Such is the legend that is handed down, mother to son and father to daughter. On that fateful day, a choice must be made. One of consequence and importance. For on that day, a child who has transformed must choose between the evil of the curse and the responsibility of protecting their chosen. For no creature is as feared as the werewolf. A creature without conscience nor fear. It will feed on whoever is unlucky enough to cross its path or protect its charge until it ceases to draw breath.

  
The 21st Curse Book 1
The 21st Day Book 2


Asuune Series
Angels and vampires are real. In the world of the Asuune, half angel and half human, there is a secret war that has been going on for as long as man has walked the earth. Unbeknownst to Kathrine, her father is one of the war's soldiers, but what is even more surprising is that she is the war's only hope. Follow the life of Kathrine Albet and her father, Mark, as they fight the evil of fallen angels and vampires to save humanity. It would all be much easier if each Asuune didn't have one true love they couldn't ignore. Fighting the forces of evil may be hard, but resisting your true love is all but impossible.

  
Curse of the Asuune Book 1
Deception of the Asuune Book 2 (Conclusion)


Demonic Temptations
Samantha Lujuria is a therapist who specializes in disorders she calls Demonic Temptations. The desires that everyone harbors that are so distasteful or embarrassing that we can't even admit them to ourselves. Follow her as she tries to use her expertise to help half-demon offspring. Because for a demon, love is the biggest taboo of them all.
Set in the world of the Asuune several years after the events of Deception of the Asuune. Join Samantha as she gets help from many of your favorite characters from the Asuune series in her quest to keep half-demon offspring from destroying their lives as well as the people around them.


Demonic Temptations - Incubus Tormented Book 1

Lascaria Series
In the world of Lascaria, the evil king Lascar rules his kingdom through fear and intimidation. His magic is without equal. The worst part is that he grows stronger every year. No one can stand up to a man that is over 1,000 years old until his grandson Dhrel is born. Explore the world of Lascaria alongside Dhrel as he works to become the man everyone thinks he is.

    
  

Lascaria - Evil Reborn Book 1
Lascaria – Sins of the Ancestors Book 2
Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen Book 3
Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar Book 4
Lascaria – The Shadow King Book 5 (Conclusion)

Morven’s Legacy
Evil demons are trying to make their way into the world, and only the descendants of Morven have a chance at stopping them.
Christopher Morven is over three hundred years old and tired of fighting to keep the demons at bay. The magic that kept him alive has taken its toll, but finally, after all these years, he sees hope in his two granddaughters. They aren't ready, but they are very powerful. If anyone can bring this to an end, it will be them. They can succeed where he has failed, but they will need help.

  
The Fire Maiden’s Desire
To Seduce a Sorceress

Raven
Fawn, although most people know her by her code name Raven, is one of the best assassins in the world. When she takes on a very lucrative job to kidnap, then kill the prince, she realizes that the bumbling fool isn’t the cruel womanizer she’s been led to believe. She thought assassins were deceptive, nobles and Royals are worse. Can she find her way through this web of lies before it is too late? Despite his roguish charm and possible innocence, she has a job to do, and Raven always kills her mark.

  

Raven’s Embrace Book 1
Raven’s Gamble Book 2 (Conclusion)

The Order of Human Purity
The books in this category are not intended as a series. They are grouped together because they all happen within the same universe where The Order of Human Purity (known simply as 'The Order') is trying to rid the world of monsters.
They are written with the intention of making them similar but completely separate stories. There are no cliffhangers or continuations. The only things these books have in common are the world they take place in, The Order and the mischievous, immortal wraith Miraven who is neither good nor evil. She is simply bored of her immortal life and to spice things up she likes to toy with the lives of others, or so she would have everyone believe.

  
Kiss of the Lamia Book 1
Werewolf Bane Book 2


The Alpha Predator

When Adam Lance witnesses the attempted murder of a man, he becomes the only known witness to a serial killer who has gone unchecked for nearly five years. Special Detective Cheryl Torren soon realizes that Adam might be the one person who can help her catch the killer. With Adam's help, Cheryl finds out that the person they are hunting isn't a serial killer after all. The killer is a vigilante who only targets predators and soon gains the nickname 'The Alpha Predator'. Despite Adam's reluctance to catch this killer, it's still their job, and with his help, Cheryl might finally put an end to the killing spree, that is, if the killer doesn't find them first.


Auctor – Vengeful Intent

Disclaimer: This book contains a considerable amount of violence and dark emotions.
When Kaya Nichols' step-sister turns up dead, the apparent victim of a mugging, Kaya leaves behind her job as a foreign journalist to find out what really happened to her step-sister. At least that is the job everyone thinks she has. In reality, she is a fixer for a variety of powerful European mobs.
The men who killed her step-sister, Trish, think they've handled the problem until Kaya arrives back in the United States for her sister's funeral. Kaya isn't willing to let a single man responsible for her step-sister's death escape justice, even if it kills her in the process. She is a woman who has lost everything, so nothing matters other than revenge.
Explore the nightmare that has become Kaya's life as she tries to work through her anger and grief. And, as if, Trish's death wasn't enough. The man who ruined her life, her step-sister's husband, is a constant reminder of what she has lost and the secret she dares not tell anyone.


Immortal Consequences

When Kal Johnson, an immortal gargoyle, is attacked by an ancient vampire and framed for the murder of a human, his quiet life is thrown into chaos. But the universe, with its perverse sense of humor, has decided that now would be the perfect time for the punch line. Kal’s human wife, Brianna, has done the impossible. She is the first human in history to become pregnant with a gargoyle’s child.
This vampire is stronger and more cunning than any he has fought. The wife he adores and the child he never hoped for, give Kal something he has never had before, a weakness. Can Kal stop this ancient vampire before it takes everyone he loves? Taking his wife and child might accomplish what no vampire has ever been able to do. It might be enough to defeat the immortal Kal.



