
RAVENSWYND LEGENDS


BY
SHARON RICKLIN 



Ravenswynd Legends
Copyright © 2013 by Sharon Ricklin 
Smashwords Edition
No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the written permission from the author.
For Pam.  Her encouraging words started it all.



ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

The author’s profound gratitude to…
My awesome editors: Amy Secklin and Barbara Secklin
My fantastic beta-readers: Laurel Johnson and Lisa McFerren
An enormous thanks to my sister Pam - who one day told me
that writing might be therapeutic.  She was so right.
I will be forever grateful to my granddaughter Rachael -
Not only does she love my stories, her enthusiasm always
motivates me to keep writing.
I love you all.


A special thanks to Amela M.B. at Madhoshi Arts for her
gorgeous cover artwork.





†

Licking his lips slowly while gazing at my neck; his eyes began to appear metallic.  A sudden dreadful feeling came over me - a feeling of utter fear and repulsion at the same time.  Heart pounding, I swallowed hard . . . Easing farther away from him; I geared up to flee - sensing his impatience with me at once.  His hand brushed over my cheek sending unwelcomed gooseflesh down my spine and then he swept my hair back - I assumed to get a better view.
“You have a delectable looking neck, I must say.”  He cocked his head to the side – fixated, as though he could see through to the pulsing artery, and he sniffed deeply.  His eyes: now dark pools of molten lava. 

†



Chapter 1
Dock of the Bay
The sound of blood rushing past my eardrums echoed the roar of my pounding heart.  What the flaming hell was I thinking?  My only solace came from knowing I wasn’t the only idiot waiting on a dark pier on Friday the thirteenth at exactly seven-thirteen.  There were twelve others.  Had anyone else noticed all the thirteens?  Although I hoped that this was only a series of coincidences, an icy chill coursed through me as I tied it in with everything that my best friend, Fiona, had been saying all along about the secret party.  Without question, something strange and frightening was about to take place. The air bristled with a weird intangible energy.  And this weirdness was only a taste of what was to come – the party is the main entrée.  I didn’t even want to think about dessert.
The three of us had arrived at the Marina just before sunset, but drove around the block twice before finding a parking spot.  By the time we had joined the small group of people already gathered on the dock, all traces of daylight were gone.  None of us spoke, but more than a few of the people shifted about, tugging at a zipper or fiddling with a cell phone, waiting to be ushered onto the boat.  The water lapping rhythmically against the creaking pier rippled through the otherwise eerie stillness of the night.  My twin, Melinda, linked her arm through mine, making me wonder if she felt as uneasy as I did. 
“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this,” I whispered, leaning my head toward my friend Fiona and fighting the urge to grab my sister and run back to the car.
If Fiona felt any similar impulses, she hid them well as she shrugged.  But of course she didn’t.  Fiona was glad to be here and she smiled at the person next to her, a young man she had dubbed Random Guy because he had invited her as if on a whim.  She had no idea who he was.  I had accepted her invitation with little forethought – quite an uncharacteristic move on my part.  And I had allowed her excitement to blind me to any possible risks involved - something she completely disregarded. 
“Lizzy.”  Her tone was soft.  “Everything will be fine.  Just try to enjoy yourself for a change.”  Her fearlessness baffled me.
I kept both of my trembling hands in my pockets - a good place to hide my jitteriness.  We stood silent for about ten more minutes.  A gentle breeze blew through our hair, damp and briny and, fortunately, warmer than usual for this time of the year.  My legs would have been frozen in my short dress if not for global warming.  I glanced at the time on my cell phone and then peered over my left shoulder just past Fiona’s Random Guy and, in the faint light of the rising moon, I counted again. Yep, thirteen idiots.  
This so-called party was by invitation only, and invitation was by word of mouth.  Even the location was undisclosed to most, if not all, participants.  All we knew was that the only way to get there was by boat and that we were supposed to 
know the person who invited us.  We were each allowed to invite one guest, and once I had decided to go, nothing could stop me from asking my twin sister - not the strangeness surrounding the invitation and not even the possibility that the local vampire legends might be true.  And if those legends were true, as Fiona had believed her whole life, we could be opening the door to an unimaginable outcome.  Or - in my sister’s crude way of putting things - we might end up in some deep shit.  
Melinda and I had been inseparable all of our lives, and even if my decision to go was misguided, I knew she would’ve been forever angry if I hadn’t invited her in the first place.  And the keyword here: forever.
I glanced toward the boat docked at the end of the pier, now realizing by its size that it was, in fact, a yacht.  There was just enough light at the bow to see the name: Aeternus Corvus.  I certainly wasn’t fluent in Latin, but I could make out a few words.  While musing about the name, thinking it had something to do with eternity and crows my thoughts were interrupted when I noticed someone climbing aboard a smaller boat docked directly to the front of the yacht.  I stifled a low chuckle - we weren’t the only mindless idiots preparing for a nighttime boat trip.  
I gazed up into the night sky.  A thin cloud passed in front of the full moon, and I spotted the silhouette of a large bird flying through the shadow of the cloud.  It was a beautiful autumn evening, and if I forced myself to believe that everything would be fine, perhaps I could truly enjoy it. I took a few deep breaths, willing my body to relax. It worked for a bit, but the false sense of peace was momentary at best.  A voice coming from aboard the yacht jolted my reverie and drew my attention to the strange sight ahead.  Electrified goose bumps prickled my skin, topped off with a tingling shudder.
A woman stepped off the yacht and glided down the pier, phantom-like.  Surely my mind played tricks on me now.  I turned my head to Lindy.  Her wide-eyed gaze told me my mind was fine, but my churning stomach said that we had, indeed, made a colossal mistake.  I looked back at the woman.  Following close behind her came a short man dressed all in black - also gliding.  He held in his arms what appeared to be a long, shiny, red over-coat.  The way he hung behind and kept his head low and eyes downcast suggested he was some sort of servant.
The woman came closer.  Her eyes gave off a vacant look as though she was quite bored.  Although she never referred to it, she carried a large notebook hugged tight to her chest.  Her dark brown hair was slicked straight back, wet looking, as though she had just stepped out of the shower. She stopped directly in front of Melinda.  The woman stared into Lindy’s eyes, took a deep breath, licked her lips, and began her interrogation. 
“Tell me who invited you and state your full name.”  Her soft voice did not match her look in the least.
With an easy nod toward me, Lindy said, “My sister, Elizabeth, invited me.  My name is Melinda Anastasia Rose.”  The woman sighed, still straight-faced, and Lindy flicked her 
long hair back - an obvious attempt to appear unimpressed at the woman’s deliberate, yet impassive demands.
The woman edged in front of me and repeated herself.  Here under the streetlight I could see all of her tattoos and piercings and a thick highlight along the side of her hair - the color of a bright copper penny.  The ring in her eyebrow was glossy red and the one on her lip was silver and red.  Just above her high cheekbone, to the right of her eye, was a tattoo of a tiny red spider.  Silver skull and cross-bone earrings with glaring red eyes dangled from her ears, and the Gothic black and silver setting of her necklace held a huge garnet.  Her full lips were painted such a dark red that they looked black and her skin was beautiful - not pale like I had imagined. The woman was tall - I had to look up to make eye contact.  The thick blackness outlining her blue-gray eyes made them appear nearly white.
“My friend, Fiona, invited me,” I said, pointing to Fiona with my thumb.  “I am Elizabeth Amarande Rose.”  
Except for a slight raise of one eyebrow, her face continued to be without expression, but this time she said, “Indeed.”  
She touched a finger to her nose, a finger with a super long and brilliant red fingernail.  I would have expected to see them painted black.  And if she had allowed a smile to part her lips, I was quite positive that I would have spotted a set of fangs.  Perhaps that was why she remained so indifferent.  Why take the chance of frightening your next meal away?  Another chill shot through me as she lingered a moment longer - her eyes fixed on mine.
Frantic whispering came from my left just before the woman pulled her gaze from me, and she stepped in front of Fiona.  
“And, who invited you?” she asked, with a slight mocking tone.
Fiona’s shudder reverberated onto my arm when she leaned into me for a second, and her voice came off shaky as she said, “My friend, Steven.”  She cleared her throat and hurried on loud and clear: “My name is Fiona Ameretat O’Conner.”
It dawned on me then that, until the whispering had taken place, the harsh reality was that Fiona had no clue what his name was.  She had called him Random Guy for a good reason.  No wonder she was so nervous; this small technicality could have gotten her booted off the pier.  Fiona breathed a sigh of relief as soon as the woman said, “Very well, then.” 
Before the woman moved to the front of Random Steven, I was able to get a closer look at her other tattoo - a gigantic red serpent which wrapped around her upper arm.  As it twisted and turned from her shoulder to her elbow, its under-belly was visible, a lighter shade of red.  I couldn’t help but wonder if her preference to red was that it reminded her of blood.
She then continued down the line asking the same questions of the rest of our newly formed coven.  Letting my imagination run amok, I envisioned our group now being inducted into the army of the thirteen immortals, and Red here would be our captain.  I hoped we weren’t too dressed up for our covert operation into the murky waters of the Providence River.  Muffling a nervous giggle, I thought that since we were about to board a boat, this would make us the Navy of the thirteen immortals.  It was good I was able to make fun of all of this.  If not, I would be screaming bloody murder. 
It was no one’s fault but my own, I reasoned as we stood there under the one lonely streetlight.  I certainly could have said no to Fiona. But I was intrigued by the possibilities she had placed before me.  And I was tired of the routines of life, always choosing familiar things and making choices that included no surprises.  I wanted something new, something different.  I suppose, now looking back, this had been my intention when I had made up my mind to attend the party in the first place.  Little did I know, that even before being invited or deciding to go, the gentle winds of change were billowing into raging storms that would ultimately alter my destiny.  
What had started off as just another casual celebration turned out to be the catalyst for a chain of events which led to the most monumental turning point in my life.  As I stood on that dark pier waiting for who-knows-what to happen next, I thought back to all the events that had led up to this evening.
* * *
About a month prior to my invitation to the party, Melinda and I had decided to celebrate our birthday by making a day of it: shopping, dinner and a movie, though not in any particular order.  Our best friend, Fiona, even managed to get the day off to be with us.  It had been ages since the three of 
us had had the chance to get together.  We knew it would be a fun day, and we were excited.  However, when I first realized I was running late, I should have known it was going to be “one of those days.”
“Elizabeth!”  Melinda called through the door.  “Let’s go already!”  Her tone left no doubt of her increasing agitation with me.
I wasn’t quite ready and, just like everyone else I hated to be late, but even more so, if it meant arriving after the coming attractions started.
“Fiona is here!”  Melinda called once more, even louder.
I opened the door a crack and said, “Give me a minute!”  I felt rushed and now wished I had followed my own advice to get an earlier start.  
I heard Fiona say, “It’s a good thing she wears her hair straight, or we’d be waiting another fifteen minutes.”  Her loud chuckle echoed into the bathroom.  She was well aware of how often my sister had been late for appointments and events.
“Bite me!”  Melinda came back in her most irritated tone.  “You know I only made us late one time since I started curling my hair.  This time it is not my fault!”  I imagined Fiona’s cheeks flushing now.  She was so easily intimidated, and sadly, it sometimes came by way of sharp words hurled by my twin.
They both flashed a wide grin when I finally came through the door - an obvious pretense; I knew it bugged them that I had taken so long.  As it was, it hadn’t been easy to talk them into this outing, and now because of me, we’d be late.  Sometimes trying to get those two to cooperate was like pulling teeth.  And I hated dentists.
“Ready!”  I said cheerily.  I gave a bright smile back and took a quick glance at their outfits, hoping I wasn’t too overdressed in my favorite leprechaun green sundress.  The look on my sister’s face showed me her impatience and nothing more as she picked up her purse.  
Fiona, on the other hand, reacted exactly the way she always did.  “Lizzy!  How cute!  I didn’t know we were dressing up.”  She looked down, putting her hands into the pockets of her black Capri pants and asked, “Do I look okay?  
She was so insecure.  I sometimes felt like I had spent all my time in high school building her self-esteem and here we were in our final year of college and she was still at it.  I always had to be sure to compliment her outfit.  
“Yes, you look great, Fiona!”  I said with a smile, eyeing her cranberry tank top.
Melinda edged closer to the door.  “Come on, you guys,” she said.  “Who cares how we look anyway?”  She could be such a phony at times.
“Get real, Lindy,” Fiona snapped.  “You know how good you look.”  
Melinda liked to be the center of attention and she sometimes wore quite revealing outfits.  Her tiny, red, low-cut top and 
her tight fitting jeans were no exception. 
“Look at your hair! It’s perfect as usual,” I said, shaking my head.  “You’re not fooling anyone.” 
Melinda rolled her eyes at me, flipped her head back and opened the door.
Fiona drove as usual, and after speeding up and down several aisles we found the whole parking lot jam-packed.  Melinda, annoyed and frustrated, pointed toward the street and belted out, “Just park out there, Fiona!”  Finally parked way out at the farthest point of the lot, we grabbed our purses, and ran.  Dodging cars and people, we arrived at the glass doors slightly out of breath.
“I hate being late too, you guys,” I said with a short gasp, “.... I’m really sorry!”  
“We should have bought the tickets online.”  Fiona’s voice was breathless.  She cleared her throat and said, “At least that would have saved a few minutes.”
After buying our tickets we hurried to the concession stand.  I sighed and rolled my eyes when I realized there were only two people behind the counter waiting on dozens of customers, and the two at the front of our line couldn’t seem to decide what to order.  Why they never seemed to have enough staff working was beyond me.  I shook my head in disbelief after glancing at the huge clock on the wall.  Only 5 minutes before the movie started.
“Flaming hell!”  I muttered angrily, feeling my cheeks flush.  
“Why can’t they get more people behind the counter?” 
Several minutes later, our arms loaded with popcorn, candy, and drinks, we hurried down the hall to find the number four movie screen.  I pushed open the swinging door with my backside and turned into the theater.  Holding the door for Lindy and Fiona, I then followed them into the darkness.  We had to move slowly due to the temporary blindness, inching our way down the aisle while our eyes adjusted.  It was nearly impossible to see anything, but somehow Melinda spotted three seats in the row we had just passed and when she stopped short, Fiona bumped right into her, stubbing her toe on the metal base of a seat.
“Ow!”  Fiona yelped a bit louder than necessary, quite agitated at spilling some of her popcorn.
Someone in the next aisle said, “Shush!”
“It’s the coming attractions!”  Melinda hissed, turning to the shushing person and added in a sharp, disgusted tone, “Get a life!”
Uneasy laughter came from a few people in the area, and even though Lindy was right, I was a little embarrassed at her short rant.  The movie had not started; that person was completely unreasonable.  But I heaved a sigh, wishing for once Lindy could control herself.
We edged into our row sideways, trying not to step on any toes or spill our popcorn and drinks.  When we finally arrived at our seats, I was hot and sweaty and quite agitated.  I sat down hard only to hit my head on the back of the seat.  
“Oh, that’s just great!”  I grumbled through clenched teeth, wondering if anything would go right this day.
“What’s wrong?” Lindy asked, leaning forward on the other side of Fiona.  Always the motherly type, she watched out for me like a hawk.  Being ten minutes older than me, she never let me forget it.  I shook my head as I rubbed it, nearly dropping my popcorn in the process.  
The movie might have been more enjoyable if the people in our area had been more considerate.  The couple in front of us talked continuously, and the people behind us left the theater several times, somehow, always pushing into my seat with all their comings and goings.  Every now and then, the person behind me would rhythmically kick my seat and I had to resist the urge to turn around and tell him to knock it off.  At one point, someone behind Melinda got up to leave, and right as he edged along behind me, something sharp poked the back of my neck just below my hairline.  I’d had enough and couldn’t contain myself any longer.  
“Flaming hell!” I snarled, jolting forward in my seat and grabbing my neck.
“Sorry,” came a soft, deep whisper.
I mumbled a few curse words under my breath while rubbing my neck.  I had taken all I could stand and was ready to confront a few rude people, but when I turned around I was surprised to see most of the row was empty.  I took a quick glance toward the exit thinking I’d catch a glimpse as he left, but there was no one in sI watched the rest of the movie feeling strangely agitated, and was relieved when it finally ended. We decided to wait until the theater emptied out before getting up to leave.  This was a mistake.  As we sat there waiting, at least three more people either bumped my head or snagged my hair, but I bit my tongue to keep from saying things I’d only regret.  I couldn’t get over how rude and clumsy everyone seemed to be.
“You’d think people could keep their hands to themselves and watch how they swing their purses in the wind!”  I whispered to Fiona. 
She giggled and said, “Yeah, there sure was a lot of commotion in here today.”  
Finally, the torture was over and, as we left the theater, we deposited our trash in the receptacles near the exit and headed into the mall.
“Let’s go shopping!”  Melinda called out with a giddy laugh.  Apparently, she was as happy for that ordeal to be over with as I was.
After wandering around the mall for a few hours, we’d worked up an appetite and headed for the food court.  All the different smells wafting through the air made my stomach growl.  We chose the taco place, though this may have been another mistake. As luck would have it, the napkin container was empty and we three girls had to share one little piece of tissue between us.  After a while, it actually started to be comical, and our giggles echoed in the huge dining area.  We had bits of tomatoes, lettuce, and taco sauce flipped and dripped all over the place, and at one point Lindy spilled half of her lemonade. 
“Oh, that’s just wonderful!”  Her sarcastic remark was loud and she jumped up, knocking over her chair.  The surprised look on her face was hysterical.  Fiona and I burst out laughing when Melinda became even more animated as she stood her chair upright with a loud clang.
“Between taco sauce and tomatoes, I’d say you should think about wearing a bib next time, Fiona,” Melinda said snickering as she settled back into the chair.
“I wouldn’t talk, Lindy,” Fiona said with raised eyebrows.  “At least I didn’t spill my drink!”  Her comeback was good, but now Fiona’s face matched her red hair.
“I can’t believe you two!” I said, shaking my head. “You can barely act like adults.”  
Watching the two of them making faces at one another, I chuckled, “You guys always crack me up.  And look at this mess!”  We all started laughing at once.
It looked like we just had a food fight at our table, but it felt good to laugh with my best friend and my dear sister.  We picked up as much of the bits of lettuce and tomatoes we could without the benefit of napkins and threw our wrappers into the trash.  
“Yuck.”  Lindy let out a groan, wiping her hands together and said, “Let’s go to the ladies room so I can wash my hands.”  
Our laughter echoed as the three of us walked through the long corridor side by side- Melinda in the middle.  I tilted my head to the right and, as I started to say something, someone 
swept by my left side, brushing my arm with a strange electric tingle.  
I turned to look - and my breath froze.  It was a man.  A beautiful man.  An astounding man.  I stopped dead in my tracks.  My feet were iron; the floor a magnet, holding me in metallic silence.  I couldn’t blink, couldn’t pull my gaze away. Time solidified.  I could only focus on him as he walked away.  Away from me.
“Lizzy?”  Came a quiet question. 
I couldn’t answer.  I just kept watching.  His gait was smooth and refined and effortless.  His long dark coat drifted, weightless.  He held his head high and steady.  I never saw his face.  Just the back of him, but it was enough to leave an impression.  An impression of grandeur.  Of elegance.  And his hair!  It flowed far past his shoulders.  Long and straight and shiny and black.  It was breathtakingly beautiful.
“What?”  Melinda’s voice broke in loudly. They were back at my sides again.  “Put your eyes back into their sockets, Elizabeth!”
Still mute, I raised my arm and pointed at the precise moment he turned the corner and disappeared from view.  I took a deep breath and let out a slow sigh.
“Wow.”  
“There’s no one there, Lizzy,” Fiona said glancing down the hallway. 
She eyed Lindy with a puzzled look and asked, “Did you see anyone?”
“Nope,” Lindy’s voice snapped after a quick glance.
I couldn’t believe they had missed him.  His hair was nearly as long as mine was. There was an absolute resplendency about him.
“Are you two blind?”  My voice was subdued by unexplained sadness.
Melinda raised her eyebrows and shrugged, saying, “I wasn’t paying attention.  I gotta get this stuff washed off my hands.  I’m all sticky.”  She took a few steps backwards, pushed open the door to the ladies’ room and left us standing alone.  
“Who did you see, Lizzy?”  Fiona asked.  “Close your mouth, you look silly like that.  And stop pointing!”  She reached over and with a soft touch, eased my arm down to my side.
More often than not, my friend was kind beyond measure.  I wondered why she acted so mean now, and why they seemed to think I had been seeing things.  I knew what I had seen.  
“I don’t know,” I said, still gazing into the empty hallway. “But…he…was… amazing.”  I sighed.  “It doesn’t matter; he’s gone.”  I closed my eyes trying to shake off his image from my mind, but it didn’t work.  He was there to stay.  I glanced at Fiona.  She looked puzzled and her eyes narrowed in confusion.  I glanced down the hallway again.  It was more than empty now; it was hollow.  What the flaming hell was wrong with me?  And what was it about him anyway?  I hadn’t even seen his face!  
I stood there for a few more minutes, dazed, waiting.  But for what?  I started to feel a bit foolish.  Finally I said, “I guess he’s gone.  Let’s go.  I have to get up early tomorrow.”
My brain did not agree with my mouth.  I turned and we went into the restroom, but the whole time we were in there, all that was on my mind was how I hoped that we would catch up to that man before we left the mall.  I had to get a look at his face.  If it was at all like his presence, or his hair, it would be magnificent. 
I did not get my wish.

Chapter 2
Invitation
That evening I had a nightmare.  It was one of those dreams that just hang around forever and pop back into your mind at only the least bit of prompting. The funny thing about it was that, when I first woke up and thought about it, I knew there was a lot more to it, but I could only remember a small but blurry scene:  I was petrified and cold, and my heartbeat was wild and furious.  It was dark, and everything looked fuzzy. Two men were in the midst of a ferocious fight.  I heard the crackling slug of knuckles colliding on a jaw and seconds later I saw a body being flung across the room and landing with a bone-crushing thud.  Vehement shouting came next, but the exact words were muffled and unclear.  And then I saw feet running up a flight of stairs, one set chasing the other.  The man in pursuit had long black hair.  Nothing else in this dream seemed familiar or real.  The fear I felt was paralyzing, and one thing stood out that was indisputable: the smell of blood was all around me. 
***
A few weeks went by and I couldn’t stop thinking about the man in the mall and several times a day I recalled the dream.  I recognized my fascination with the man, but for the life of me, I couldn’t figure out why this particular dream chose to haunt me.  I could not make any sense of it.  Not much seemed to make sense in my world anyway.
My twin, Melinda and I had spent most of our lives isolated.  All we ever had was one another.  When we were three years old our parents died in a plane crash and because neither had any siblings or any other living relatives, the state placed us in an orphanage.  Two years later we were placed in a foster home together.  Melinda says she has no memory of our parents at all. The only memory I have of my mother is when I was sick with a fever, and she held me in her arms all night long as I fell in and out of consciousness.  I believe the memory stayed with me because every time I opened my eyes I saw the frightened look on her face. And any time I’ve ever been sick since that day, I’ve been haunted by her fearful look.  
The little we knew about our parents came in bits and pieces through the years from our foster mother.  She had told us they were originally from Peace Dale, Rhode Island, and they moved to Providence just after their marriage.  The few pictures we had of them revealed how much we resembled our mother, especially around the eyes.  I would like to believe our foster parents took both of us in after falling in love with our cute little heart-shaped faces and dark, sapphire-blue eyes. But the reality of it is more likely due to the fact that we refused to be separated.  If and when anyone ever tried, our blood curdling screams caused them to re-think their actions immediately.  
Even our teachers learned their lessons quite fast.  One time in grade school, the teacher tried to make my sister sit on the other side of the room, farther away from me.  It only took five minutes of stereophonic, high-pitched screaming for that teacher to change her mind.  It didn’t matter how much reasoning was used: we never gave up; we would not be separated - period.
It wasn’t until our senior year in high school that we attempted to become two separate individuals.  We determined together that eventually we might want to go on a date alone, possibly even kiss a boy, and we were sure none of the boys at our school would feel the inclination to ask the two of us out together.  So it was then, in our last year of high school we told our guidance counselor that we both wanted to try taking a few separate classes.  Melinda took the initiative to enter his office alone and told him about our decision.  He just about fell off of his chair, and of course, he had to check with me first before he could change anything.  By the look on his face when I entered his office, sans my sister, he was almost positive Lindy had just changed her clothes and re-entered. 
He put his pen down; a puzzled look wrinkled his face, and said, “Melinda?”
After extensive persuasion, he finally believed I was indeed Elizabeth, and not my twin.  We had decided we would try two separate classes: English and History.  These two subjects being our easiest, we could study and do our homework alone, finally not relying on one another for help.  
This arrangement worked out so well that we even decided to make a few changes in our appearance.  There was no one acquainted with us besides Fiona who had the ability to tell us apart, including our foster parents - not that they would take any notice even if one of us had shaved her head.  We were quite sure the only reason they became foster parents was for the money.
Halfway through our senior year, Lindy started to curl her hair.  Not frizzy curls - not spiral curls.  She just took a curling iron and sort of twirled the ends a little, which was not much of a change, but enough so people had at least a small clue as to who was who.  We had raven black hair that hung down to our waists - pitch black and pitch straight, thick and full with no bangs.  While growing up, if anyone ever tried to cut our hair, we gave them our infamous scream.  After one or two tries, our foster mother gave up the idea.  We trimmed one another’s ends once or twice a year once we were old enough to handle a scissors, trusting only our love and passion for what we hoped to be our most attractive quality.  It seemed like a constant struggle for me; and so much work went into keeping my hair tangle and frizz-free.  Although we both invested in so many products that our bathroom overflowed into our closets with straighteners, dryers, creams and conditioners, I was convinced that Lindy’s hair was much thicker and prettier than mine was.  We ended each night in our room brushing our hair together.  We once read that brushing it nightly like this would make it shiny and beautiful - a crown of glory - and we knew it had to be the first thing anyone noticed about us when we entered a room.  And even though we sometimes did get those envious looks, so often the only thing I liked about my hair was its length.  And after Melinda took to curling hers, not only did we begin to receive more attention as individuals, but now my hair even looked longer than hers.  Fellow students started to treat us like human beings instead of some sort of untouchable, inseparable twosome.  It was a big change.  And it was a little sad.  But all in all, it had been a good decision - a decision which marked a turning point.  We became less reliant on one another, and we made friends - some alone and some together.  We even went out on dates with boys - separate dates that never amounted to much in the way of real relationships. We enjoyed our last year of high school learning to grow apart while still remaining best friends. 
Fiona had been our closest friend since just before junior high school. We grew even closer when she told us that she, too, had spent time in foster care, but her life seemed far sadder than ours.  She had been bounced from family to family, and without any siblings, she had to endure it alone.  We understood exactly how she felt; we at least had each other.  Being such a dreamer and superstitious sort, Fiona had always been a huge fan of the local legends and would keep us well informed and entertained with her stories, sometimes keeping us awake at night during sleepovers, shivering as we imagined all the ghosts, goblins and vampires.  She never relented.  Her face would become as red as her hair if we ever acted amused or disbelieving.  These fantastic stories, which she swore she had not made up, went on past high school, slowing down only a bit once we started college.  But we loved our crazy, little dreamer and would not have wanted her any other way.  We were wrong to think we’d spend all our college years together.  Instead, we ended up with another roommate and were not able to see Fiona as often as we had hoped.  She simply could not afford full tuition plus the cost of a dorm room, so she lived at home, working and going to school only part time.
The day I was invited to the party is one I’ll never forget.  I had just left my building and started down the sidewalk.  The sudden winter-like chill in the air went right through me and, once again, I had the strange haunting dream on my mind, which in turn, brought back the memory of the beautiful man in the mall.  Weeks later and still he was in my head.  I was just about to Gage Hall when Fiona stopped me mid-jog, interrupting my thoughts.
“Lizzy!” she shouted, out of breath from trying to catch up to me.  She took a deep breath, blew out a huge plume of steam that seemed to float in slow motion from her mouth into the frigid air.  “Brr.  I can’t wait for winter to be over,” she said as she wrapped her arms around herself with a shiver, “and it hasn’t even really started yet!”
“Fiona, I don’t want to be late.  What’s up?”  I attempted to sound sincere, but was sure she noticed the tone of impatience in my voice.
She appeared to be searching for the right words and stumbled over them for a few seconds - seconds that irritated me more and more.  Why couldn’t she hurry up and just spit it out already?  At this rate I’d end up missing my exam!  My impatience smoldered as I felt my cheeks turn red with more than just the cold wind.  I wrapped my scarf around my face pretending to be cold and I stamped my feet a few times, feigning my chill.  
“What is it, Fiona?  I can’t be late for Anthropology.  We have an exam today!”  
“Well,” she started out slow, “I’m wondering if you’d like to join me this Friday night.”  She pulled her hood tighter and tucked in some stray wisps of red hair.  “There’s a party I’ve been invited to,” she paused and seemed to struggle to get the words out, “and I’d like you to come.  Everyone is allowed to invite one other person.”  She raised her eyebrows and widened her green eyes.  She tried to sound calm and collected, but I had known her long enough to know she was anxious.  Her extreme blinking gave her away.  At first, I couldn’t understand the obvious nervousness at her invitation, other than the fact that she knew I hated parties and seldom went to anything that even closely resembled one.  Before I could object and run toward the building, she grabbed my arm with her brown-gloved hand.  
“It’s not what you’re thinking either, Lizzy,” she said and then lowered her voice. “This is the party of the decade.  THE Party!”  The way she emphasized the word sent serious chills up my spine.  “The party I’ve been telling you guys about for years.”
The wind stopped for a few seconds, and I heard the faint sound of a siren in the distance.  Fiona’s face was all screwed up: partly a smile - partly a fearful grimace.  I didn’t know if I should believe her or if she was trying to pull a fast one on me.  After all, this coming Friday was also the thirteenth.  How convenient.
I thought back for a minute while we stood there silent as statues listening to the wind picking up again - now an eerie howling sound.  This party she spoke about had to do with a vampire legend.  Supposedly, once every decade there was a gathering of vampires from all over the world.  No one knew for sure what they hoped to achieve by including humans, but it was rumored that they came peacefully and only privileged humans were invited and sworn to secrecy.  
“I’ve heard that if you are invited to this party, you can actually join them if you want to!”  This had always been one of Fiona’s favorite stories, and she never showed one ounce of fear while telling it - almost as though she wished it was true.  And it always led to another:  Bram Stoker himself had researched the history of our town before he wrote his famous book, Dracula, simply because of all our legends.  One night when she talked about the vampire legends we had been camping out in our backyard in a tent.  I can still hear Fiona’s voice as she went on and on in her excited, pleading tone. 
“They do exist, you guys! Why else do you think he would bother researching our town?  I believe he found the truth, and then wrote about it in his book.”
She then told us another more grisly, yet famous vampire story.  “It was a bitter cold winter in 1892 when Mercy Brown died of a mysterious disease.  So cold, in fact, that the grave diggers couldn’t get through the frozen ground.”  Fiona spoke in hushed whispers as we huddled together in the small tent.
“They had no choice but to place her body in a crypt and then, afterwards, people reported seeing her walking about town.  Soon after her death her brother, Edwin, became deathly ill too.  Their father feared the worst: that Mercy was a vampire, and he got permission to exhume her body.  When they did, Mercy still looked alive and seemed to have moved inside of her coffin, and when they cut out her heart they were horrified to find it full of fresh blood!”  
I remember the look on Melinda’s face at this point in the story.  She always pretended she wasn’t afraid, but her wide eyes told me that she felt the same goose bumps crawling up her spine as I did. 
Fiona’s face glowed in the thin beams of our flashlights as she finished her story.  “After Bram Stoker died, guess what they found among his papers?  Clippings from the Providence Journal about Mercy Brown!”  
The sound of a siren brought me back to the moment.  Fiona’s eyes were glued to mine as she waited for an answer. My mind whirled with memories of her stories through the years. How could she still be so gullible?  Providence: home to vampires?  This idea bordered on the ridiculous.  Who would believe such nonsense anyway?  I supposed people in the old days did.  After all, they believed anything that went bump in the night had to be some sort of evil entity.  Surely not now, in this present age of science and knowledge.  And surely not now when I was already late for my exam!
“Listen, Fiona, I’ll have to catch you later.  I’m sure you understand that I have a few questions for you before I can give you my answer.  Okay?”  I took a few steps backwards toward the building as I spoke.  A furious wind started to whip up around us now, no doubt, surprising all the meteorologists with this sudden burst of winter-like weather in mid-October.  Crisp orange and red leaves rustled and twirled around my feet as I eased my way toward the glass doors, hoping beyond hope to avoid my redheaded friend, at least until Saturday.
Her freckles seemed to stand out even more in the daylight as she smiled and said with a note of sadness in her voice, “Sure, Lizzy.  Don’t forget though.”  She took a quick glance around and added in a tone much like she had a huge secret, “There are rules that can’t be broken.  Don’t mention this to anyone until you give me your answer.  If the rules are broken, we won’t get to go.”
I wondered how “they” would know if I did bother to mention this silliness to anyone, but I nodded my head as I waved, turned and jogged the rest of the way to the doors.  I smiled to myself and tried to forget about Fiona and her ridiculous party.  I had to gear myself up for the exam and force myself to focus on that, and nothing else.
Fifty minutes later I dropped my exam off on the professor’s desk and left the building.  The instant the howling wind slapped me in the face it reminded me of Fiona's invitation.  I pulled my coat closer to my chilled body and tucked my hair down into my hood as I ran to the Café to meet Lindy for lunch.  Immediately upon entering, I spotted her black hair.  The sunlight coming through the window made it look radiant with hues of dark blue streaking through the blackness.  I had no doubt that my hair appeared smashed down flat from my hood after running through the wind.  I pulled off my hood, shook my head, and untangled it with my fingers.  I couldn’t help but notice a few eyes glance my way and then back to my twin. We were an unusual sight, I supposed, identical in every way.  But I was sure, too, that they noticed how much nicer Lindy’s hair was.
I glanced down at the rest of Melinda’s lunch when I joined her at the table and realized we had purchased exactly the same meal: a turkey club sandwich wrap with bacon, a large gourmet cookie, and a bottle of water.  We both reached for a napkin at the same time and laughed as our hands touched.  Her giggle echoed mine.  Even our voices were identical, especially on the phone.
I set my things down on the table and hung my coat on the chair behind me.  We exchanged smiles as I started eating my sandwich, and she finished hers.  
“Did you see Fiona today?” she asked, brushing some crumbs off her lap.
It was an innocent question, but I had hoped to avoid all talk about Fiona until later.
“Yeah, but we didn’t get to talk much.  I didn’t want to be late,” I mumbled, sounding vague.  After all, what if I decided I did want to go to the party?  I’d have to wait to tell my twin about it and ask her to come after I gave Fiona my answer.  Actually, the whole concept of vampires had started to intrigue me.  Maybe it would be fun... and enlightening.  Maybe it would finally put to rest the whole idea of the crazy, unbelievable legends once and for all.  Or maybe I’d find out my crazy friend had been right all along!  Nah, that was impossible.  Although the more I thought about it, the more fascinated I became.  
Melinda tapped her fingers on the table to get my attention.  I looked up into her almond shaped eyes, mirror images of my own.
“Lizzy!  You’re a million miles away.  What in the world is churning in that mind of yours?”  She stopped tapping and rested her chin on her hand.
I put my sandwich down, half-eaten and all but forgotten, flipped my hair back away from my face and said in a voice as monotone as possible, “Nothing.  Just wondering if I passed my exam.”
“Sure you are.”  Sarcasm radiated on her face as well as in her voice as she picked up her cookie and took a large, crunching bite.  “You’re hiding something from me!”  She chewed with a deliberate slowness as she narrowed her eyes and then dabbed the paper napkin on her now pouting lips.
“Ok, you got me.”  I tried to keep a straight face.  “I can’t talk about it just yet, but I’ll tell you later, I promise.”  I held out my hand, holding up my pinky finger.
Lindy reached across the table as a smirk touched her face.  She linked her pinky to mine, saying “I knew it!  It’s a guy, isn’t it?”  Her voice became soft and inquisitive.
“I said I’ll tell you later.  You know my pinky promise is good, sis.”
She flicked back her hair, mimicking my earlier show of aloofness.  Her blue eyes twinkled as she stood and said, “Alrighty then.  Later it is.  I have a class in five minutes.  See you back at home.”  She grabbed her coat and backpack in one hand, her empty wrappers with the other, and kissed the top of my head.  She didn’t say another word.  As she hurried off I enjoyed the slight scent of her jasmine perfume in the soft trail of wind that followed her away.
I had to admit I was glad she had to rush off.  If not, she would have pestered me with questions right up until the time I had to leave.  As I thought about our brief sisterly tiff, my mind went back again to the party.  As if on cue, Fiona appeared before me.  I cringed at the sight of her heading straight to my table.  I still hadn’t quite made up my mind, and, even though I flirted with the idea of going, I didn’t feel like dealing with it right this minute.
Her curls bounced like springs now that they were freed from her hood.  Her red hair was short in comparison to ours - only to her shoulders.  She smiled as she approached my table and then placed her salad down across from me.  
“Hey, Lizzy,” she said as a hopeful look washed over her face.
“Hi, Fiona.  No, I haven’t said anything to anyone.  Sit down and relax!”  I smiled at my fantastically loony friend.
“Thanks, Lizzy!  I so want to go.  I have been waiting for this for years!”  Her whole face beamed relief.
“So, refresh my memory about the secret bash,” I said in a sweet voice.
“Okay.”  She sat down and dropped her book-bag on the floor, and then leaned forward.  “The only way to get an invitation is by word of mouth.  No one is told where it’s held, and the only way to get there is by boat.  Each invited guest is allowed to invite one other person.”  Subdued fervor filled her voice as she went on. “Once your invitee says yes, you can tell them where to meet, but not one minute sooner.”
I had to ask the obvious question. “Who asked you to go?”  
“Oh, just some random guy I met at the coffee shop. It was so strange.  He just came up to me while I stood in line and handed me a slip of paper with his number on it.  He asked if I might be interested in going to a party and, if so, I was not allowed to tell anyone else about it, but I could invite one other person and give them the same instructions.  I knew immediately this was the party!”  Her eyes were large, and her face was flushed with excitement.
“Fiona, in all seriousness, do you believe all this?  How could a true vampire keep himself away from such easy prey?”  
She leaned closer still and whispered, “The vampires will not feed on humans during the party; it is forbidden.  And in no way can they change a human into one of their own, unless specifically asked to do so by the human. The humans are sworn to secrecy about the party regardless of their outcome - what they decide to do.  These rules cannot be broken.”
I could only assume that after the party all the rules were suspended and worse yet, if a human spilled the beans, the only recourse would likely be death.  And not the kind that was enjoyed by these so-called undead beings, such as having eternal youthfulness, being forever healthy, and basically, immortal.  It probably meant really dead.  Dead without benefits!  
Fiona remained calm as she went on. “Of course, it’s likely there are more rules and regulations that we will learn about once we attend the party...”
I interrupted her, “If we attend.”
“I am going, Lizzy!”  She picked up her fork and stabbed at her salad.  Fiona had been a vegetarian for years and she eyed what was left of my sandwich with disdain.  “Are you sure you didn’t say anything to your sister?”
“I swear!  Although it wasn’t easy.  You know Melinda.  She can tell if I’m hiding something from a mile away.”  I winked at her trying to lighten the increasing sense of mistrust she now showed me.
“But you did manage to keep your mouth shut, Lizzy?  Not a word?”  Her voice was hope mingled with doubt.
“Not a word.”  I echoed her question.  At the same time, something else had dawned on me.  I had always been interested in local history, though I never did find anything in my research regarding these legends and I supposed, if there was any truth to them, nothing would be written down anyway.  Stories passed down from generation to generation would have kept the legend alive.  But, during one of my family history searches, I did uncover something a bit strange and I decided to share it with Fiona now. 
“Did I ever tell you what I found the last time I researched the Rose family?”  
She knew how obsessive I could be regarding my ancestry.  Her chewing slowed down as she shook her head.
“Well, it’s quite interesting!  There was an article online about the Rose family from Peace Dale, Rhode Island that took place in 1874.  Now, don’t get me wrong.  I have no proof that these people are my ancestors.  Anyway, somehow the patriarch of the Rose family decided that his deceased daughter was a vampire and he took it upon himself to exhume her body and cut out her heart, burning it afterwards!”
Fiona’s mouth fell open and she became saucer-eyed.  “For real?  Awesome!”
“Awesome?  She was already dead!  What will burning her heart do?” I asked rhetorically as I shook my head and continued.  “I know you’re probably comparing it to the Mercy Brown legend, but listen! The freaky part about this story is - our paternal grandmother’s name was Ellen…Ruth…Rose.”  I paused a moment and then said in a more excited tone, “Fiona, the story I found said the heart-less exhumed body was none other than Ruth… Ellen…Rose.”  I said the names slowly for effect, somewhat pleased I could finally offer Fiona a creepy story for a change.  But then, I reconsidered and continued with less enthusiasm, concerned I might be fueling a dangerous fire.
“There wasn’t much more, but I remember the father’s name was William G Rose, and there was no mention of any other children, living or dead.”
“This is no coincidence, Lizzy.”  Fiona’s eyes were wide as she shook her head back and forth.  “I bet you and Lindy are related to these people!  I’d bet my life on it.”  As usual, the stranger the story, the more fantastical and attractive it was to Fiona.  “You simply must come too!” she said, starting to stab her salad again.
It hit me then, exactly how much Fiona had been looking forward to this party and how very important it was for her to have me come along.  I knew, too, that she would still go, even if I didn’t.  Worried that her excitement would end up getting her into trouble, I decided she’d be much safer if I went - if we went with her.
Slowly but surely, I had talked myself into going to the party, and now, I’d have to invite my twin.  Even though we had learned to be apart more often, something this huge had to be shared.  I could already picture Melinda rolling her eyes in disbelief, but at the same time, I knew how she loved a good party.  She’d accept the invitation, I was sure of it.
“Yes.  I’ll go with you,” I said without another thought.
“Oh, thank you.  Thank you, Lizzy!”  Fiona’s smile was wide.  “I wanted you to come so badly.  And as much as I do want to go, I think I’d be afraid to go alone.”  Her salad stabbing increased in speed as she finally started to eat again.  Her furious eating made me think it was good she was a vegetarian.  Surely she’d choke on meat as fast as she stuffed her face.  At least in her frenzy, she had the common courtesy to keep her mouth closed.
“Do you want to stop home with me later so I can ask Lindy?”  I snickered.  “I hope she doesn’t think we’ve gone completely mad!”
Fiona was not at all surprised by my choice to ask my twin.  But she looked at me with a question in her eyes, and then she frowned like a child caught in the act of making up a story.  
“Lizzy, you do believe me, don’t you?  I mean, about the legends and all.  It really is true.  You’ll see.” 
“Fiona, all I know for sure is that I’ve agreed to go out on Friday night.  I have no idea where, or who else will be there other than you and my sister if she says she’s even interested.  And that I plan to have some fun.”  I felt like I had succeeded in avoiding the question quite well, but then I saw the look of hurt come across Fiona’s face.  Her eyes became moist with tears, and I thought she’d lose the battle to hold them back if I didn’t add anything more.  I reached across the table and touched her pale hand.  
“Oh Fiona, I think you’ve wanted the legends to be true for so long that, to you, they are.  Don’t get me wrong.  I think it would be cool if they were true.  I’m just not so sure I can have as much faith in the legends as you do, but I’m willing to find out first hand.  That’s got to mean something, right?”  
With a heavy uneasiness, I flipped my hair behind my shoulder.  I hated to hurt people’s feelings more than anything.
“I knew all along you didn’t believe me, Lizzy,” she sighed.  “But you’ll see.  You’ll finally find out for yourself.  I don’t know about you, but if some of the other stories are even remotely true,” she said lowering her voice, “I mean the stories about being able to ask one of the vampires to change me.  Well, I’m planning to ask!”  Her face, usually the shade of paper, became pinkish around the edges –alive, and more determined than I’d ever seen her.  Her freckles all but disappeared completely with this new color in her cheeks.  It was quite becoming.  I had always wondered why she didn’t try just a little makeup but, for some reason, she refused to even consider it.  Just a tad of blush would go a long way on so pale a face.
During my musings about her cheek color, her statement struck me like a lightning bolt.  She wanted to become a vampire!  I was at once completely appalled and, at the same time, fascinated with such a thought.  Being immortal?  I had never seriously considered such a thing.  Immortality only happened in movies or pertained to angels or something akin to God.  I wasn’t able to wrap my brain around the whole idea of it.  I blinked back the ever-increasing sense of darkness as my mind wandered toward the meaning behind these thoughts of living forever:  Immortality – life without end.
“Did you hear me, Lizzy?”
“I...um... yes, I did hear you.”  I had turned into a stammering fool.  “I don’t know how to respond to that.”  
Dumbfounded at both her statement and my sudden and unbelievably agreeable impression of the very idea of it all, I could barely breathe.  It seemed like such a wonderful concept.  I had no idea I wanted to live forever.  I never imagined it could be possible.  Why now?  Was it just the truth behind my red-headed friend’s face, or could there be something lurking in my family history that I never was aware of until this exact moment in time?  My heart jumped as though given a shot of adrenalin, and then began to hammer so hard and fast I thought it would burst. As the pounding increased I started to freak out, and I had to force myself to take some deep breaths…in and out… in and out - in a slow, methodical way.  It didn’t help.  I put my hand on my chest and was even more alarmed when I could feel the pounding!
“What’s wrong, Lizzy?  You look like you’ve just seen a ghost.  You’re as pale as me!”  
Fiona’s words echoed in the back of my mind.  My ears started to ring and then plugged up as if stuffed with cotton, muffling Fiona’s words.  My head spun. My vision blurred.  Everything evaporated into blackness.  The next thing I knew, Fiona’s frightened and now bright red face loomed above me as I opened my eyes.
“Lizzy!  Lizzy, are you okay?  Oh my God, what happened to you?  I thought I lost you for a second!” she said, as her hands fluttered from my cheeks to my forehead feeling for a temperature.  “Can you get up yet?  I think you fainted!”  
Fiona helped me sit upright with a soft hand on my back.  Immediately feeling self-conscious, I looked around to see if there were other people still in the general area.  My sigh sounded more like a moan.  Someone in a black hooded sweatshirt had just gone out through the glass door leaving The Café nearly empty, except for one flannel-clad individual slouched in the corner facing away from us.  I felt my head for bumps or blood.  There was none.
“I think I’m okay,” I said in a mumble, and smoothed out my hair.  
My heart rate had slowed considerably while I sat on the floor for a few more minutes and then took Fiona’s hand.  She helped me stand back up and ease myself onto the chair.  I glanced up at the clock and realized I had already missed half of my next class.
“Oh, flaming hell!”
Fiona’s eyes followed mine to the clock, understanding at once what I meant.  “Sorry, Lizzy.  I guess it’s my fault.”
“No, that’s okay.  I don’t know what that was about, but I’m guessing maybe I’m a bit anxious about Friday night, is all.  I mean, if you’re right, and the legends are true, we would be taking quite a risk, wouldn’t we?  Who’s to say they just don’t lure us weak-minded humans to their so-called party, pretending all is fine for a few hours, just so they can do whatever they want to do with - and to us?”
“I know,” she sighed, “I’ve thought of that too, but a part of me totally believes the legends, and that’s what I’m clinging to.  I don’t want to spend my life wondering if it was real, only to end up like my foster mother.  Old and lonely.  If it is true, I plan to be twenty-two forever.  And, with any kind of luck at all, I will meet my soul-mate.”  Fiona raised her eyebrows and gave me a quick smile before going on.
“I heard that if you meet your perfect someone at one of these parties, you’ll be together forever...for all eternity...just like all the silly fairy tales we heard when we were little...happily-ever-after.  Only, in this life here as humans, happily-ever-after is more like hardly-ever-happens.  And, even if it does, it only means you’ll have but a few years here on earth with your loved ones, and then bang, you’re gone.”  She shook her head back and forth so slow and sad; it made me want to cry.  
I took another deep breath, mulling over what she’d said.  “Well, let’s hope it is true then.  Since you’ve painted such a bleak picture of my future, I have to hope you’re right.”  I studied her thoughtfully and then smiled.  “Now, let’s go ask my sister if she’d like to go to the only party I know of where you get to have your cake and eat it too, eternally speaking.”
Fiona laughed at what I knew was my feeble attempt to be funny.  But I could tell it was a nervous laugh, and I assumed it had to be due to her increasing fear of my brand new ability to faint without any known reason. Most likely her fear centered on me fainting again and hitting my head once we were outside, thereby making me unavailable to enter the realm of the secret world of vampires she so hoped to witness.  I had to chuckle at my own crazy musings now as we buttoned up to head out into the early winter breezes.  It surprised me when Fiona held my arm and carried my backpack.  She was truly worried for me.  
All of a sudden I was struck with another question for my nutty vegetarian friend.  I was sure she’d already have an answer for this, and although the cold wind whipping in our faces made it hard to breathe, much less talk, I still had to ask.
“Fiona,” I started with caution.  “How in the world can you consider becoming a creature who consumes blood when all these years you’ve refused to eat meat in any form?”
“That’s an easy one, Lizzy,” she snickered and put her hand on her chest as she continued, “No animals will be harmed in the making of this vampire!”  
I had a good chuckle at that one too.  “Imagine that,” I giggled. “You may become the first vegetarian vampire!  Oh!” I said in a quick shout.  “I’ll make you a new bumper sticker to put over your animal rights one. Instead of P.E.T.A. we can replace the P with a V.”  All but in hysterics now, I could barely spit it out, and then finally between snickers and snorts I said, “Vampires for the Ethical Treatment of Animals!”  
Fiona scowled at me and my silliness as I continued to laugh at what I thought to be quite witty.
“Whatever you say, Lizzy,” she said shaking her head as she pulled me toward the sidewalk.  
When I saw the determined look on Fiona’s face I realized again just how serious she was about this.  The sudden chill crawling up my spine coupled with her sober look ended my laughter with an abrupt snort.  I could see that she had made up her mind, and no amount of teasing would sway her.  In the midst of an unsettling shudder, I realized that drinking human blood wasn’t going to bother her in the least.
We eventually made it to my building without any negative happenings, other than the fact that my face was frozen and I could barely move my lips.  
When we walked into Sweet Hall in silence, Fiona was still clutching my arm, apparently not taking any chances with me.  I was deep in thought about the upcoming weekend and what it might entail; Fiona was probably sending up silent prayers that nothing would prevent us from going through with our plans. 
Rubbing a sore spot on my head, I hoped that my sister didn’t have the same reaction as I had.  My plan was to talk to 
her while she sat on the bed, pillows all around us, just in case. 


Chapter 3
Vampire Blues
We found Lindy lying on her bed flat on her stomach, reading, and so engrossed in the book, she didn’t hear us when we walked into the room.  Her hair flowed down onto the bed all around her like a delicate shawl, and, as she always did while reading, she absentmindedly twirled a lock.  Once she realized we were there, she acknowledged our presence with a quick grunt, and with a sigh, she licked her finger and turned the page. I glanced over at the bathroom.  Light shone from underneath the door, and the sound of running water from the shower could be heard through the thin walls.  Lindy had obviously been enjoying the silence while our roommate showered.  Placing a finger over my lips, I motioned to Fiona to keep as quiet as possible.  More than anything, Lindy hated to be interrupted while enjoying one of her Romeo readers, as she so lovingly called her romance books.  I assumed she was finished with her schoolwork for the day; she was an obsessive yet brilliant student who only allowed herself to delve into personal pleasures after all her work was done, somewhat like I was myself.  I hung up our coats and dropped my backpack next to the closet.  It landed with a thick thud, reminding me of unfinished work I had to do.
Fiona and I sat down on the tiny sofa and picked up magazines from the end table.  It would only be a matter of time until our roommate finished in the bathroom, and then Lindy’s treasured silence would be shattered no matter how hard we tried to keep quiet.  Kathy was a spirited sort who just could never find it within her powers to maintain low tones.  She was always loud and always bouncy; there was no peace when she was in the room.  I said a silent prayer that her plan for the evening included a date with her boyfriend who was a nice enough sort but, in general, hated being around too many people in too small of a space, which to our benefit, meant they always met at his place or somewhere away from our little crowd.  
Within a short time Kathy sailed out of the bathroom freshly cleansed, powdered, and blow-dried.  She had fresh makeup on which meant she indeed would be leaving soon.  I didn’t have to look up to know Lindy had already entered the foul mood era of the day.  I heard her book slam shut as soon as Kathy began her hellos and how-are-yous.
Fiona could barely tolerate Kathy’s insane level of happiness and, other than a quick, “Hey Kathy,” she kept her nose in the magazine that I knew she wasn’t even enjoying.  I saw her peer over the cover once to see what Kathy was wearing and thought I heard a note of pleasure as she turned the page of her magazine.  
“Do you have a date with Will tonight, Kath?”  I asked, even though I already knew her answer.  
She went into a ten-minute explanation about how they planned to go meet his parents at a local restaurant for dinner, and then head back to their house to meet the rest of the family.  And how she thought he had to be planning to propose any day now since she and his family would finally be meeting.  And since it was her birthday this weekend, maybe she’d even be getting a diamond ring.  And on and on until our ears began to ring with her singsong voice.  None of us were ever mean to her, but it wasn’t a secret: Kathy might possibly be the most annoying person alive.  She meant well, most of the time, but her never-ending giddiness and happiness and constant chattering would drive even Gandhi insane.  Somewhere in the middle of her monologue I heard my sister flop over on the bed, and when I looked up she had a pillow covering her face.  I had to stifle a laugh and pretend to cough instead.
Kathy stopped and frowned at me.  “Please tell me you’re not coming down with a cold, Lizzy!  I certainly hope not, because I can’t afford to catch anything right now, not just before my engagement to Will.”  
At the mention of his name, her eyes glazed over and she went on in another direction: “I suppose we’ll have to plan an engagement party before this semester is over then.  Maybe my favorite twins will be able to help me plan it, or maybe my future mother-in-law will think it’s a grand gesture to welcome me into their family.  Oh, I do hope we get along greatly!  It would be so disappointing to find that she’s anything but what I always hoped my future mother-in-law should be.  Will seems to think she’s wonderful, so I guess I’ll just have to believe him, at least for now.  Well, what am I talking about?  I’ll be meeting her in less than an hour.  Oh my God, an hour!  I better get going.”  She ran back into the bathroom and then popped her head back out with an opened tube of lipstick in her hand and said, “Oh, by the way, what’re you guys doing this weekend?  Let me guess!  Studying, right?”
It frustrated us to no end how she would carry on a one-man conversation, answering all her own questions and never leaving room for anyone else to speak.
During the three seconds of silence, in which one could only assume Kathy must be applying her lipstick, Lindy peered out from under her pillow and glared at Fiona and me with such a look of exasperation that, if it were possible, one could imagine her deep blue eyes blazing into a dark burgundy with flames of red oozing out from them.  How ironic that our lives depended on Kathy leaving in order for us to have any semblance of normalcy.  And yet, the question I had to ask my sister wasn’t exactly a normal every day question either.
I somehow managed to steady my own voice, despite my sister’s frustration driving her back under the pillow and Fiona’s panic as she elbowed me not to say anything about our weekend, and I said, “We don’t have much planned.  Maybe we’ll order a pizza or something while we study.  Or maybe rent a movie for Saturday night.”  I had to cough again to hide my laughing.  
Of course, Kathy peered out of the door once again and had to add, “Maybe you should run to the drug store and grab some vitamins and Echinacea while you’re at it, Lizzy.  I think you’ve picked up a bug of some sort.  Just stay away from me, puhleeeze.”  She elongated the last word to at least four syllables.
I rolled my eyes at Fiona who now had the magazine on top of her head like a hat, her deliberate attempt to make me laugh.  She was determined to get me in trouble for some reason; although it was quite possible she felt a bit anxious about the upcoming weekend and tried to cover these emotions with her goofy behavior.
Kathy retrieved her long blue coat from the closet and slipped into it in one swift movement, and as she buttoned it up she flitted around the room asking us all how she looked.  “I hope Will is proud of me; I certainly hope I don’t bring any shame or embarrass him in any way.  What do you ladies think?  Do I look okay?”  All of a sudden her loud, somewhat obnoxious voice turned soft and worried, leaving us no doubt over why she acted so boisterous most of the time.  Trying to hide her deep-seated insecurity, she pretended to be cheerful and giddy.  As she zipped back and forth, we all nodded our heads and made positive comments trying desperately to bolster her self-esteem, enough to at least get her to gather enough courage to go and meet with Will’s family. 
“Oh come on, Kath, you know they will love you.  How could anyone not love our Kathy?”  I stood and gave her a quick hug, stepped back and placed my hands on her shoulders after brushing a stray blonde hair away from her face.  “You look stunning, your outfit is perfect, and you have one of the bubbliest personalities I’ve ever known.  I’m serious! William will be completely proud of you, and his parents will love you.  Just try to be calm and smile a lot while they talk to you.  You tend to over-think things when you get nervous.  Relax, have one glass of wine with dinner, but only one.  You don’t want them to think you’re a lush.”  
I smiled as she stood silent for once in her life, and listened to me.  It must have been the fact that I had been looking her square in the eye and didn’t remove my hands from her shoulders while I spoke.  She wasn’t used to me touching her at all, since my normal self would rarely touch another soul other than my sister - at least certainly not a hug and a shoulder grab in one session.  She was stunned, her head nodded up and down as she stared into my eyes.
“Okay.” She stopped nodding and regained her voice, “Be calm, have one glass of wine, smile and relax.  I can do this! Thanks, Lizzy.”  She took a deep breath and flitted out of the room in a swoop of blue material, the air behind her so suddenly silent that I swore I could hear crickets chirping in the distance.
“Wow, Lizzy, you’ve outdone yourself this time.”  Fiona’s face was just about as red as her hair, and I couldn’t help but wonder if she was a bit jealous of my pep talk to Kathy.
“Thanks Fiona.  I just can’t imagine how nerve-wracking it would be to meet your boyfriend’s parents.”  
“Well, she must be nervous all the time then because she never shuts up!”  Melinda complained with a snort.  
Fiona smiled as she glanced over at Lindy and then she turned back to me.  “Are you ready?”
Lindy sat up and tossed the pillow behind her, smoothed out her messed hair, and asked, “Ready for what?”
“Elizabeth has a question to ask you.”  Fiona’s formal use of my name meant she was serious for a change.  “You have to say yes, Melinda.  Please, don’t make me beg.”  It was obvious Fiona understood I would never go without my twin.
A frown formed on my sister’s face and her eyes lowered as she heaved a heavy sigh.  “Now what?”
“Melinda,” I started.  I stood and took a few steps to her bed. “There’s a party this Friday.” 
She interrupted me before I could go on:  “Oh, really?  Where is it?  Who’s all going?  Please tell me Kathy is not invited!”  Melinda’s disdain for her was much more apparent when she wasn’t home.
“Listen, Melinda!  If you don’t hush up, I’ll never get it out.”  
Lindy flicked back her hair and studied me.  “Oh, this is what you wouldn’t tell me at lunch, isn’t it?” she exclaimed in a singsong, accusatory way. 
“Well, if you’ll be quiet for one minute, you’d find out, wouldn’t you?”  I flipped back my hair now and waited for her to be still.
“Fine, I’ll listen.”  She folded her arms across her chest and cocked her head to the side.
I wasn’t sure how to begin.  I wondered if she ever thought about the way we used to talk.  It had been a long time since it had come up - not that we talked much about the vampires.  But we used to say we could never leave each other, always include one another in whatever came our way, and jump at any opportunity that brought us together rather than apart.  We needed to stay together, no matter what.  We even hoped our future husbands would be twin brothers so we could share in-laws.  Perhaps it was childish, but we had been dead serious back then.  Did she still feel the same way?
“Remember the legends?”  I glanced over at Fiona who was now perched on the arm of the sofa, biting a thumbnail, eyes anxious and wide.  “Remember the stories Fiona used to tell us, especially the one regarding the vampire parties?”
Lindy raised an eyebrow, alert and listening.
“Well, there’s a slight chance they may be true.”  
Fiona cleared her throat in an obvious attempt to get my attention.
“Fiona believes they are completely true, more so now than ever, as she has been invited to attend this Friday.”
I waited for a reaction.  Lindy stared at me.  In all truth, I couldn’t be sure if it was in disbelief, or if she was on the verge of hysterics – hysterical laughing, that is.  She blinked several times, her face empty and blank.  Confusion creased my brow.  Why wasn’t she responding?  This was worse than a negative reaction.  Finally I forced a smile at her, and yet she still did not respond.  It was horrible, not being able to read her face.  Something had changed in me.  I sensed something different and unexpected, like the pep talk I gave Kathy; it was so unlike me to be anything new at any time.  I had always been so compulsive about my life.  Nothing changed - ever.  I began to fear Fiona could be right and that there might be something on the horizon that was supposed to happen to me at this exact time in my life.  My heart began to play that familiar drum roll again, and I somehow managed to make it to the edge of the bed and sat down solid and harder than planned.
“Elizabeth?”  I heard my sister’s voice from a distance and Fiona raced up behind me just as I started to slump forward onto the floor, although this time I felt myself falling and couldn’t stop.  She caught me before I hit my head - at least that’s what they told me afterwards.
“Lizzy?”  Lindy leaned over the edge of the bed, searching my eyes, her hair hung down like a canopy.  I craned my head back and saw Fiona standing above, bent over and head to head with Lindy.
“Not again?”  Fiona had her cell phone in her hand poised to dial 911.
“What do you mean, ‘not again’, Fiona?”  Melinda yanked her head up and glared at our friend.
Fiona’s answer came quick: “She fainted at lunch today.  I think she’s going through a spell of unnatural phenomenon.  It’s quite remarkable actually.  Every time she thinks of the legends this happens.  It’s almost like she knows something deep in her subconscious but her brain won’t let it out.”  She spoke as though she knew exactly what she was talking about.
“What the hell are you blabbering about, Fiona?”  Lindy growled. 
Fiona shrunk back a step or two.  She always did like me better, though we had all been friends since the seventh grade.  Lindy could be downright brutal in her honesty, sometimes to the point of bitter harshness.  I tended to be the softie, yet completely repulsed by change.  And this new change or even the possibility of it made me dizzy.
Melinda’s eyes squinted at me when she asked point blank,
“Elizabeth, are you pregnant?”
“Oh my God, no!”  I nearly shouted at her.  
At this point, Fiona started giggling until she saw the serious look on Melinda’s face as she kept asking me ridiculous questions.
“Are you sure?  Because you’re sure acting weird lately.  And now you’re fainting?  Maybe we better make a doctor appointment and see what’s wrong with you.”
Her motherly act could only go so far with me.  “You’re freaking kidding me! Pregnant? Melinda, that hurts!  You know damn well the promise I made myself.  It is completely impossible for me to be pregnant!”  I frowned up at her from the floor.  “Unless of course the world is ready for another I.C.”
Fiona piped up, “What’s an I.C., Lizzy?”
“Immaculate conception...you know, no husband, no man, no nothing.  That’s me, no nothing.  I’ve been saving myself… and my hypocrite sister asks me that question!”
Melinda squirmed as she spoke, reserved and quiet now, “Well, some of us don’t know how to keep promises, even to ourselves.”  She hung her head.  I wasn’t sure if she felt more embarrassed about accusing me or more ashamed of herself and it seemed like the right time to just drop it.
“I’m sorry, Lindy, but I’m not pregnant or sick.  I’m completely fine.”  I reached for Fiona’s extended hand. “I am a bit thirsty though.”  
I sat up with Fiona’s help, and smoothed out my hair.  I had to move over and lean on the foot of the bed to keep myself steady as I finished asking my twin the question at hand.  “Well, I’m going with Fiona, and we are allowed to ask one other person to go.  So, I’m asking you, Lindy.”  I turned my head back to her and smiled.  “It might be fun, and I wouldn’t dream of going without you.”  As I spoke I managed a few deep breaths in between sentences.  Then I waited again for my sister to react.  
She slipped down off of the bed, sat right next to me and put a hand on my thigh.  She then glanced up at Fiona and said, “Can I ask why you want to go?  I mean, what’s so special about these people?”  
“You’re asking me?”  Fiona’s face grew pink again.  I could get used to her being this color.  All of a sudden I had a thought - if she became a vampire, would she be even paler?  How could that be possible?  I laughed out loud and both of them looked at me like I was the insane one now.
“Yes, Fiona, why do you want to go?” 
“You want an honest answer, or something frilly?”
“Skip the frills.  I expect honesty.”  My sister had gotten sick of Fiona’s evasiveness. Lindy closed her eyes in frustration and threw her head back onto the edge of the mattress with a soft thud.
“I want to become a vampire,” Fiona stated firmly, her face brilliant red now.  Partly from embarrassment, partly anger, I was sure.  “Why do you want to know anyway?”
Melinda lifted her head off of the bed and licked her lips. “Well,” she started, and then enunciated each word deliberately, not quite condescending, “I just want to know what to expect if I do go, and if the legends are true...”  She couldn’t finish the sentence, and she clasped her hands together and placed them in her lap. 
“And you, sis,” Lindy finally spoke again, turning to me, “do you want to become a vampire as well?”  We were face to face again, and I found it hard to believe Lindy wasn’t laughing at Fiona and what she had just admitted.
I had no answer for her.  In truth, I was afraid to say a word, not sure what might come out if I opened my mouth.  Nothing seemed normal any longer.  Why had I been getting these weird feelings? Where was my compulsion to finish things I started? How could I let myself skip a whole class for no reason?  And what about all my school work that I hadn’t even thought about since returning home?  It was so strange how I didn’t care all of a sudden, and how I was so sweet and compassionate to Kathy when, in reality, all I wanted to do was push her out the door and scream at her to shut the hell up!  And Fiona:  why wasn’t it driving me nuts - all this talk of becoming a vampire?  Any other day I would have reacted like Melinda had, and I would have had to fight the urge to tell her to grow up, stop all the crazy fantasy talk.  Instead, all I seemed to be able to do when we talk about it...was to fall to the floor in a dead faint.
Lindy started to drum her fingers on her knee while waiting for my answer, looking at me with a raised eyebrow and questioning my very sanity.
“I don’t know, sis.  I honestly do not know.  It is kind of intriguing, don’t you think?  I mean, what if it’s true?  Just...what if?”
“Well, I don’t want to be a vampire, that’s for sure! I would like to get married someday and have babies!  I want my husband to grow old with me, and my children to have grand babies for me!”  Her voice was shrill and harsh. “That’s normal.  You guys are nuts.”  She shook her head.  “Besides, if there is a remote chance that this is all true, how can you trust them?  Where is the law book on vampires?  All the legends through the years point to them being human killers, or at the very least human users.  Even if I let myself believe for one minute that they could be real, I wouldn’t want to become one!”  The distaste in her voice was evident as she clamped her jaw down and tightened her mouth into a thin line.
I licked my dry lips as I contemplated her unhappy face.  Could I do this without my sister?  I wasn’t sure.
“Well, you can still come to the party,” Fiona offered.  “You just have to be sworn to secrecy - to never speak of us again.”  
Fiona’s words pierced my heart as though a knife had gone through me, one with an icy cold and razor-sharp blade.  My body began to shiver uncontrollably and my heart began to race again.  I took a deep steadying breath, put my head between my knees and closed my eyes.  It didn’t help.  When I sat back up there was dizziness again, spinning head, spinning world.  Out of order, out of time.  Out of air.  When I fainted this time, I flopped down onto my sister’s shoulder.  When I came to, Fiona had a glass of water in her hand and Lindy held my head in her lap.
“You must be dehydrated.”  Fiona thrust the glass at me.  “Drink!”  The way she ordered me with such authority made me believe I was dehydrated.
I took the glass and found my lips dry as a sunbaked desert.  I guzzled down half of the water in a few gulps realizing how thirsty I was, now that she mentioned it.  I glanced at the clock on the wall; it was after five.  I never did finish my lunch and had just a few sips of my water and one coffee earlier in the morning before classes.  I supposed I could be dehydrated.  There was only one way to find out for sure.  I tipped the glass up and drank every drop.  Fiona grabbed it and refilled it in a flash.  When she returned, I downed the whole glass without coming up for air.
“Okay.”  I stifled a belch as I covered my mouth with a hand.  “The dizziness is pretty much gone.  Maybe you were right.”  I smiled at Fiona, but her fearful grimace had suddenly returned again.  “What?”  I asked. 
Before she could answer me, Lindy chimed in, “Maybe we need to get you to the doctor.”  
I shook my head.  “No, this will pass.  I feel better already.”  I fixed my eyes on Fiona and asked again, this time more demanding, “Out with it!”
“Nothing.  I just hope you aren’t coming down with anything.  I really, really want to go Friday.  It’s the only thing that’s important to me.  I don’t care about school or my job.  I don’t have a family to speak of.  Trust me, I’m dead serious.”
Lindy straightened up and crossed her legs out in front of her on the floor.  She seemed more relaxed and resigned all of a sudden, and I wondered what was going through her mind.  Funny, I had been worried about her fainting - what a joke.  All this time it was only me.  
She turned toward me and said, “Well, sis, I suppose you won’t go without me, and that’s why our little red-headed friend here can’t seem to sit still and relax.”
Fiona crossed her arms and curled her upper lip at Lindy. 
“And I suppose I’ll have to keep an eye on you so you don’t crack your head open with all this fainting.”  Lindy took her time now in an obvious attempt to irritate our friend.  
Fiona held her breath, waiting.
“Okay.  I’ll go with you guys - but do I really have to ask someone to go?  Because it’s pretty stupid, if you ask me.  I’d rather not, to be honest with you.  And by the way, if any of these legends are true, and if there are any so-called vampires there, if I’ve got a choice in the matter, just remember one thing:  I do not want to get bitten.  Not by anyone.  Remember that!”  
She warned us in a stern voice, but hidden beneath the sternness was a laugh only I could detect, only because I’d always been able to understand my sister better than anyone else on the planet, mostly because we came from the same mold. Well, the same egg anyway.  Identical twins had a secret language all their own and always knew what their other half was thinking.  Except for the moment when I had first asked my sister about this party.  I could not remember another time I was unable to read her.  Was that what freaked me out – enough to make me faint?  I wasn’t sure.  Possibly though, and I kept myself thinking that, rather than the impossible -  rather than the probable truth - that deep down, perhaps I did want to be a vampire.  I hid my secret thoughts even from myself.
“I don’t think you have to ask anyone,” Fiona said, finally taking a breath.  “It’s just one of the rules:  if you do ask someone, and if they give you a positive answer, then they can be told where to meet everyone.  My inviter already told me where to go, and now, since you’ve both agreed, I guess I can tell you.”  Fiona’s face was pale again, freckles visible in the dim evening light.  
Lindy reached over and turned on a lamp.  The sudden brightness in the room was harsh; we blinked in unison for a second or two and then looked back at Fiona for the rest of the details.
She cleared her throat, glanced around as if to make sure no one could hear us, and then whispered, “We have to meet at the Marina downtown on Water Street exactly at sun set.  That’s it.”
“That’s it?”  I was sure there had to be more.  “What do we do then?”
“Wait for further instructions,” Fiona said, beaming.  “I believe we have to stand next to our inviter, which I guess makes for one long chain of people if you think about it.”
Lindy rolled her eyes and flicked back her hair.  “Alright, whatever you say.  I’m getting in the shower.”  She stood and left us before anyone said another word.
We sat there for a few minutes listening to the sound of the water through the walls.  I rubbed my aching temples and looked up to see Fiona staring at me.  
After a few moments she said, “I think you’d make an excellent vampiress.  If that’s what they call the female ones.”
I chuckled at her.  “Is it my hair?”  I ran my fingers through the black strands, fanning out the ends up onto the bed.  “Or is it my eye teeth?”  I ran my tongue along my front teeth and smiled a sinister grin.
“Sure.  I hear they’re real beautiful.  I haven’t heard much about the males, but I can only assume they’re good-looking too.”  Her voice turned thin and frail, sounding as though the magnitude of her decision hung on her assumptions.  “But, even if they’re not, I don’t care.”
“Sure you do.  Who wants to imagine some old ugly man gnawing at their neck?”  I teased her.
“If it means I can stay this age forever, I seriously don’t mind!” she assured me.
“If you say so, Fiona, but I doubt that will happen.”  As soon as the words came out I regretted them.
“Why would you say that, Lizzy?”  Fiona started to gather up her belongings.  “I can’t believe you mean that!”
“No, I mean, what’s probably not going to happen is that some ugly old vampire will change you.  You’ll get a young, good-looking one!”  I hoped the save worked.
“Oh.” She looked relieved, but continued to get ready to leave.  “Well, I have to get something to eat.  I’m starving.  So, do you want me to pick you guys up here on Friday, then?”
“Sure, about five o’clock?” I asked.  What on earth do you wear to a vampire gala?  My mind started wandering again and I didn’t hear what Fiona had said.  She came and stood right above me, peering down over her nose.
“Lizzy, what’s up with you not listening to me?” she asked as she shifted her foot and tapped mine with a light kick.
“I am listening!”  I frowned at her and pulled my leg back.
“No, it’s like you’re in another dimension or something,” she said shaking her head.  “I said - I’ll be by to get you both at four-thirty.  I do not want to miss the time.  I can’t wait another ten years for this opportunity.  I’ll be an old lady by then.”  She tried to smile, but it was plain to see she still wasn’t sure she had my full attention.
“Okay, four-thirty.”  I repeated the time to prove my hearing ability.  But sometime later I realized I had not even said goodbye when she left.  What exactly was I thinking?  Vampires, parties, meeting at a dock after dark?  Insane.
I got up from the floor feeling quite silly and rather stiff from sitting so long in one position.  I went to our tiny cupboard, then to the microwave and threw in a bag of popcorn.  I needed salt and I needed it now.  After the popcorn was ready, I sat down on the couch and found an old Dracula movie on the television.  How appropriate and...how weird.  I watched for a few minutes and then realized that more than anything I wanted to stop thinking about the coming weekend and just concentrate on absolutely anything else.  I turned the channel to a comedy, and it worked for a while but eventually, half a bag of popcorn later, I found myself imagining what it would feel like to be bitten, wondering if it would hurt much, how long it would take to change.  I had a lot of questions that no one could answer.  Kind of rude, if you asked me.  How could anyone make that decision in one night, without nearly enough answers?  They should give you at least a week after all your questions are answered.  I laughed at myself and the idiotic thoughts going through my head.  
Lindy finally came out of the bathroom. I was surprised to see her hair was blown dry, and she had on fresh makeup.
“What’s happening?” 
“I’m meeting Mark.”
“Why didn’t you mention it earlier?”  I felt out of sorts, kind of left out.
“Wanna come?” she asked as she flicked her hair over her shoulder, the curly ends bouncing in shiny twists.
“For real?  Where’re you going?”
“The usual place down on Metcalf.”  She pointed out the window, absorbed in the contents of her purse as she rummaged through it, finally pulling out a lipstick.
“Wait for me to get ready?”  I was already headed for the bathroom to freshen up, thankful the dizziness was gone.
Lindy called after me, “Hurry up!  I’m supposed to meet him by six.  He said he’d be bringing a friend too.”
My heart skipped a beat.  Nothing worse than a blind date that wasn’t even planned.  Or was it?  It wasn’t like Lindy to plan these things; she knew I hated blind dates.  The guys were always losers.  I felt like just staying home, but then something told me to keep getting ready.  My heart started beating faster than normal again.  Deep breathing helped this time, that and most likely all the water.  Finally, without realizing it, all thoughts of vampires had left my mind.  Here I was, getting ready to go out on a Wednesday night, so unlike me.  But I was excited and didn’t even know why.  

Chapter 4
Eye of the Beholder

We walked into the pub together like matching bookends: Lindy in her full-length black leather coat, jeans, and a red sweater; me in my white leather coat, jeans, and a blue sweater.  Okay, not matching.  Her hair curled; mine straight.  All eyes turned to watch the twins.  We smiled at everyone we knew, and they all smiled back.  On the other side of the room, we could see Mark as he stood and waved us over to their table.  He was more Melinda’s friend than mine but not a boyfriend.  In her words: just a guy friend.  Although it was easy to see how Mark felt about Lindy.  His whole face smiled whenever he saw her.  She just didn’t feel the same about him.  Her excuse was that he was too tall for her.  He was at least six feet two, and he did tower over our short slight frames of five feet two.  But he was such a sweet guy.  And I often told her I thought they’d make such a cute couple.  I figured she just wasn’t ready to get serious about anyone that seemed too interested.  
As I pondered these thoughts while making my way across the pub, a man with long, black hair sitting in a booth a few sections away caught my eye. Oh my God! That had to be the man from the mall!  I would recognize his hair anywhere!  Goose bumps rushed up and over me, and I shivered.  I tried to get a good view of his face, but the room was too dark to make out his features.  In the candle-lit dimness, his hair glowed as black as a moonless night, riveting my gaze so that, just as I reached our table, I tripped over someone’s purse on the floor.  Mark caught me, and laughed as he introduced me to his friend, Tyler.  I felt like such a klutz.  Way to impress new people, Lizzy.
It was so hard to pull my eyes away from the man with the long hair, but I forced myself to look at Mark and then Tyler.  When Tyler stood to shake hands, I hid my shock with a smile: he was much shorter than me.  I remained cordial and tried desperately to act interested, but from the start of the evening I knew this was all a big mistake: I had sat at the wrong table.  Lindy got up to dance a few times; I declined.  To me, dancing was a waste of energy.  I just couldn’t flail myself around the way everyone else did, in part, because of my fear of resembling an idiot.  After watching me refuse several offers from Tyler, my sister jumped up and volunteered to dance with him, no doubt in an effort to ease my obvious rejection of him.  
We ordered a few beers and then a pizza.  The whole time we sat and chatted about school and what the future held, I tried to catch a glimpse of the man with the jet-black hair.  Someone or something always got in my way and blocked my view.  I even made a trip to the ladies’ room when I didn’t feel the need, just in hopes of being able to see the face of this mysterious person - though why he seemed mysterious was beyond me.  Most likely, all the crazy conversations with Fiona.  As I walked past his table, he tilted his head down.  Still no view of his face! Was that move on purpose?  My frustration level soared to the moon!  And when I shoved through the bathroom door in a most reckless manner, I bumped into another woman.  I let her pass, saying a quick “sorry” as she left.  I just stood there.  I stayed in the bathroom for a few moments, staring at myself in the mirror.  I needed to calm down; I was on the verge of being ridiculous. 
I shook my head, and whispered, “What the flaming hell is wrong with you?”  I’d never been so unnerved by anyone before. Especially a complete stranger.  I combed through my hair, dabbed at my eye makeup, and smeared on some more lipstick. Straightening my posture, I forced myself to gear back up for the walk past him: so what if he didn’t acknowledge me?  It wasn’t like my life depended on it or anything.  I took in a large cleansing breath and blew out slowly.  Holding my head high, I left the bathroom.
My gaze immediately fell in his direction – I couldn’t help it!  He stood at the table, leafed through some bills, then set down a tip.  His back was to the room.  Again facing away from me!  He now wore his long, black trench coat that came nearly to his ankles.  I shook off the compulsion to stare like I had at the mall and headed off to my own table.  While walking behind him and trying to stay focused on the group I belonged to, he adjusted his coat, pulling his long hair out from under and letting it fall over his shoulders.  A few strands flew out in front of me, tickled my right hand and gave me a slight electrical shock on the surface of my skin.  Shivers ran down my spine.  My legs became lifeless, hollow, drained of blood.  Afraid I’d faint again, I hurried to my seat.  I didn’t look at him again until I had safely planted myself in the chair.  And then - he turned.  He stared straight at me. The moment our eyes met a seismic disturbance vibrated within me. Deep inside, something shifted.  My whole world reeled off its axis - upside down and inside out.  All of my ideas, my plans, and my life, now revolved around one thing: this man.  The depth of his gaze captured me.  I stopped breathing.
As he walked toward our table, my view of the room blurred and swirled and faded into the background, so that all I could see were his eyes.  His eyes!  They penetrated to the deepest part of my soul.  Bursting in, fracturing me.  So intense that I thought I would crumble like a building in an earthquake.  They were beautiful and dark; changing color with every step he took.  He made his way closer to our table.  In slow motion, it seemed, still mesmerizing me with his gaze.  My hands trembled as he continued his fixed stare, and yet, I could not tear my eyes away. I stared back as though pulled by his gravity.  He drew me in like a seductive predator.  They would not let me go.  My heart pounded, and my mouth had become dry.  One thing I knew for sure:  as long as I lived, I would never forget those eyes.  They seemed to delve into the core of my being from under those long lashes, so compelling, so consuming.  I was held in profound silence, motionless, a prisoner.  Bound now by one desire.  My only hope: that it was mutual. 
His head turned toward me as he passed by, keeping our eyes locked.  Some hidden part of me wanted to stand up and run to him, to grab him and tell him not to leave - ever.  Then suddenly, he let go, twisting his head so abruptly that his long hair swung back and forth across his back.  Continuing in apparent slow motion, he made his way toward the front of the pub.  The door closed hard behind him.  
And there I was.  On my feet.  Not breathing.  Feeling the world fading away like someone had turned out all the lights.  Tremors shot through me like after-shocks. My heart raced faster than ever before, and I was afraid.  The pounding was so forceful that my chest ached.  I thought for sure he had gone away leaving me for dead.  Yet I still felt his gaze and wondered if he could see me.  Could he still be watching me?  The last thing I remember before I hit the floor was his perfect, beautiful, piercing eyes.
When I came to, Lindy stood over me, fanning me with a menu.  Tyler and Mark pulled me to my feet and when I wobbled forward, they grabbed onto my arms.  I pushed their hands away.
“I’m fine - I’m fine.  Leave me alone.  I just need to get some sleep.  I’m fine.”
Lindy looked worried, her face crumpled and strained.  Her eyes looked blurry -squishy.  I glanced at the two guys hovering near me, and their eyes were also blurred.  I had no clue as to why they looked so funny.  But when I closed my eyes, I saw his eyes.  Unbelievable, piercing, knowing, exquisite, ravishing eyes.  They were overwhelming.  Their expression told me he had learned everything about me all at once - he knew my past, my present, and my future, everything I had ever done, said or felt.  And furthermore, I didn’t think I’d ever get over it.  
Lindy was saying, “We should get her home.”  Mark and Tyler agreed.  Someone helped me slip my coat on and handed me my purse, while firm hands gripped both of my arms and led me to a vehicle.  The air was brisk, but I wasn’t cold.  It stung my nostrils as if the temperature had dipped below freezing, but I was warm to the bone.  I heard people speaking, but nothing mattered anymore.  I needed to see those eyes again.  Why did he leave me there alone?  He looked like he wanted to speak to me, to get to know me.  No, wait, he already knew me, didn’t he?  I think he did anyway.  I was so confused.  The car sped along too fast, dizzy-fast.  I was thirsty again.  Where was my water?  Lindy handed me a bottle, and I guzzled the water down.  I peered into her eyes, the same kind I had seen all my life whether looking at my sister or in a mirror.  They seemed puzzled.  Is that what he saw when he looked at me?  Why didn’t I smile?  I’m such an idiot.  I missed my opportunity! 
“Flaming hell, I should have smiled.”
“Lizzy?  What’re you mumbling about?”  Lindy’s voice was suddenly crystal-clear.
“I should have smiled at his eyes.”  My voice sounded muffled.  I realized my coat was bunched up around my mouth so I pulled the collar away.  Feeling lost, I shook my head back and forth, letting my hair fall forward into my face.  I wanted to run my hands through his hair - take his face into my hands and kiss his eyes.  He could spend all his time staring at me the way he did, and I could live the rest of my days without food and water - all I needed in life was that look.
“Smiled at his eyes?  Lizzy, I think you’ve lost your mind.  Either that or you’re really wasted.”  Lindy wasn’t laughing.
“I’m not drunk.  I didn’t even finish one beer,” I said with a sigh.  “Maybe I am intoxicated, though, by his eyes.  Is that possible?  Can just a look be this intoxicating?  Oh, but it’s so much more than that; it’s the way he looked at me.”  I glanced out the window, wondering.  Will I ever see him again? 
“I have no idea what you’re talking about, sister.  Whose eyes?”  Lindy held my hand now; her fingers were icy.  The car sped down the road.  Trees whizzed by in a blur of browns, oranges, and reds as the streetlights briefly illuminated them.  In between the streetlights, all was a blur of nothingness.  And his eyes.
“Didn’t you see the man sitting to your right?  He was only a few tables away.”  I had started to feel more aware of my surroundings suddenly.  “He had eyes to die for,” I said, feeling more awake, more lucid.  Brushing the hair out of my face, I added: “and hair!”
“Yeah, most people do have hair, Elizabeth.”  Lindy’s voice was flat.
I picked up on her anger then, and added, “He had long...really long...black... beautiful hair.”  I turned my head toward Melinda again.
“I saw the guy with long hair staring at you from the moment you walked into the pub,” Mark called from the driver’s seat.  
“Yeah, I saw him too,” Tyler echoed.  “He didn’t take his eyes off of you all night.” 
I noted a tone of resentment in his voice.  Lindy didn’t say a word.  I had to be sure to ask her later when we were alone, what she thought of the stranger - what he looked like to her.  Had he truly looked at me like I thought, or was it only my imagination?  She’d level with me; she’d keep nothing from me.  Later then, when we we’re alone.  I closed my eyes - only to see his again.
When we got to the dorms, Mark walked us to our door.  Tyler, meanwhile, seemed to fade into the woodwork somewhere between the front door and our room.  I went in and flung myself down on my bed.  From the hallway, I heard Lindy apologizing to Mark, asking him to tell Tyler she was sorry and maybe we’d try again another day.  My heart skipped a beat thinking I’d get another chance to see him. The man with the eyes.  Maybe he’d show up at the pub and I could smile at him.  
When Melinda closed the door, she no longer hid her anger.  She ranted about how mad she felt having to cut our evening short.  She was upset that I treated Tyler so poorly.  After a moment of reflection she added, “And why don’t you make a damn doctor appointment, for crying out loud!”  There was fury in her tone.  I thought for sure the only reason she mentioned the doctor was to humor me.  I lost it.  
I cried and told her I was sorry, and I certainly didn’t ruin her evening on purpose.  I couldn’t help it if Tyler wasn’t my type, and I had no idea what was wrong with me. Through my sobs I said, “Fine! I’ll make an appointment next week.”  But the real reason I had started crying was because I hadn’t even thought to smile at him when I had the chance.
After she finally calmed down and believed I was truly sorry, Lindy asked me about the man with the hair.  
“His eyes were so gorgeous.”  I sat up, sniffed and wiped my tears.
“That’s it?  This is all you’ve got to say?” she huffed.
“That’s all I know about him.  He stared at me like he saw something special, as though he knew me, like he wanted me.  At least that’s how it felt.  But I don’t know why he didn’t say anything or why he left.”  Tears stung my eyes again.
“I wonder why he only looked at you, Lizzy,” she said with a frown.  “Most people stare at both of us.  What did he see in you that he couldn’t see in me?  I mean, it’s not like he talked to us and liked you better.  He’s going by looks alone?  Well, hello! Look at us.  A complete matched set.”  She sounded a little jealous, and jealousy was an emotion we had never experienced before this.
“I don’t have a clue, Melinda.  But I know I have to find him.  I’ll go back to the pub every night for the rest of my life if I have to,” I resolved.
“You can’t bail out on Fiona.  She’s counting on us to go with her on Friday.”  Melinda used her motherly voice now.
I checked the clock - it was past midnight, Thursday already.  “Yeah, tomorrow’s the party.  I won’t bail on her, but I can go tonight and every night after tomorrow then.  I can’t believe you missed him, Lindy,” I said shaking my head.
“And I can’t believe he didn’t look at me!” she added as she turned to leave.
“Don’t be upset, Lindy.  If he saw me, he saw you too,” I said softly.  
But I did not want him to look at her, or anyone else, ever again - as long as we both shall live.  My mind wandered as several wide yawns came one after the other.  I needed some sleep and I needed it badly. I fell back onto the pillow, and imagined his eyes.  I planned to head straight back to the pub after classes later, and stay there until I saw him.  And then, the only plan I had was to smile.

Chapter 5
Beautiful Stranger
That Thursday was the longest day of my life.  Every single class seemed to last three hours, and even lunch with Lindy went painfully slow.  I barely tasted what I ate, though I did force myself to drink plenty of water.  I rushed back home and, before anyone else arrived, I claimed the bathroom for myself.  Just as I turned the blow dryer off, I heard the radio playing.  I stuck my head out of the door and saw Kathy and her boyfriend, or rather, her soon-to-be fiancé, Will.  They sat close together on the sofa looking through a magazine, their heads almost touching.  I closed the door at once with a silent turn of the knob, in hopes they wouldn’t notice me.  I applied my makeup using the most precision ever, making sure the black pencil lined my eyes straight and even, each eyelash sculpted into a perfect curve - long and thick, and finally, my lips carefully painted with the red lipstick, usually reserved for special nights out.  Next, to dress the rest of me: a bright shiny silver chain around my neck that matched my hoop earrings, and my favorite silver bracelet.  I pulled on my white cashmere sweater with a scoop neck line and a pair of brand new jeans.  I gave myself a once over in the mirror, loving how the sweater accentuated my hair; the effect of black on white - so dramatic. 
By the time I left the bathroom, Kathy and Will had moved over to her bed.  They lounged on top of the covers, fully dressed, whispering quietly.  I tried to tiptoe out before they heard me, but the creaking floors gave me away. Kathy turned at the noise, leapt up and bounced toward me extending her left hand.  Her excited giggle came out more like a squeal and she said, “Look, Lizzy! I’m engaged!”
I took her hand and examined the ring.  After all the boasting and bragging, it made me happy to see that her man had finally come through with a ring. 
“Wow!  It’s beautiful.  Congratulations, guys!  Have you picked a date yet?”  I asked turning toward Will when I heard the bed squeak.  He planted his feet flat on the floor as he sat up on the side of the bed, rubbing his eyes.
“We’re going to wait till Will graduates and he lands a job.  So, one year from next June - isn’t that cool?  I am so excited!  I can’t wait to go home and show my parents.  Will decided to give me the ring before my birthday, and we’re driving over to see my folks this weekend.  It’ll be the first time he meets them.”  Kathy’s excitement waned as she added in a much lower tone: “I hope they love him as much as I do.”  When she glanced over at him, her eyes twinkled and she gave him a warm smile.
Will looked at the two of us huddled together by the closet door, raised an eyebrow, and said with a twinge of dread, “Yep, me too.”  
He was a man of few words.  In order to spend the rest of his life with Kathy, he’d have to stay that way. Kathy, now moved by his concern, rushed back to the bed and sat beside him, lost in her own world, allowing me to finally make a break for it. Although I didn’t want any more long, drawn out conversation, I lingered for a moment in the open doorway, just watching the lovebirds.  She took his hand in hers and whispered words of encouragement.  He smiled.  Then they kissed.  It was a sweet scene, but I had far more pressing things to consider.  I closed the door behind me, quiet as a whisper, escaping without another thought of roommates and fiancés.  I had only one thing on my mind as I left the building.
I practically skipped over to the pub, barely noticing the chill in the air.  It was earlier than when we had arrived the previous night.  The sky held huge gray clouds that glowed orange where the setting sun sat low in the sky.  My heart raced, though not out of fear or anxiety.  This time it was out of hopefulness.  I would simply die if he wasn’t there.  I opened the door and was immediately blasted by loud music and the smell of fried foods - pizza and onions - all at once.  I stepped inside to laughter, clinking of glasses and silverware, and instant warmth.  As the door shut behind me, I glanced around, unbuttoned my coat, and fluffed out my hair, untangling it from the wind.  A few couples were already out on the dance floor, oblivious to me.  A man with curly brown hair sat at the bar, his head cranked in my direction, doing his best to get eye contact, but I refused and looked away.  I took my time, weaving through the tables toward the booth where he had sat the night before: it was empty.
I removed my coat and sat down exactly where he had been sitting when I first spotted him.  My thoughts lingered on that moment, centering on his long, black hair. Not too unlike my own, I mused, smiling.  I had no idea if he would even be here again, but I had to find out who he was, why I felt so drawn to him - this stunning stranger.  This was so new and foreign to me, to be venturing out to a bar all alone, deliberately looking for someone – and with such determination.  But I was driven like never before: as though the winds of change had taken me by force and compelled me like a violent storm.  It was his eyes.  They had never really let me go; I was still haunted by those eyes - so dark, so penetratingly beautiful.  Even though we had not exchanged one word between us, I had to come back.
As I waited for the server to take my order, I checked my face in my pocket mirror:  eye makeup good, lipstick straight, nothing in my teeth.  I smoothed out my hair again and slid to the back of the booth for a better view of the whole room and the main entryway.  A minute or two later the door opened, letting in the sounds of the street just as a motorcycle roared by.  A young couple walked in hand-in-hand.  I let out the breath I had been holding.  Not him.
When the waiter came I ordered a salad and a glass of iced tea.  I wasn’t the least bit hungry.  I was far too nervous and excited to think of food.  The door swung open again, and two loud, obnoxious guys came in: one with short, dark hair; the other blonde.  Their whooping and hollering was enough to set my teeth on edge.  As if that wasn’t bad enough, when they spotted me, one elbowed the other as they sauntered toward the bar and made annoying wolf noises. What jerks!  Thankfully, my server came and blocked their view of me.  I picked at my salad for about ten minutes.  I didn’t want to have green things in my teeth when I smiled, so I basically pushed things around with my fork, ate a few croutons, and sipped my tea.
A dismal heaviness crept over me when the streetlights came on - still no sign of him.  I began to wish I had just stayed home and finished my school work.  The two loud men looked my way and the blonde one stood up as though he planned to come toward my table.  I snatched up my purse and headed in the opposite direction to the ladies’ room, my hair swishing behind me.  I spent more time than necessary in there in the hopes that Blondie would take the hint and leave me alone.  Finally, I sneaked back to my table, but kept my eyes on the floor.  I didn’t want to give those guys the wrong impression by any stray eye contact.  Edging my way back, I inhaled a remarkable fragrance that I hadn’t noticed earlier - a cross between something sweet and musky with a hint of spicy smoke.  Someone must have just blown out a candle or two.  
I sat back down, adjusting myself as I slid in, and risked a quick glance toward the bar for my potential stalkers: they were on the other side of the dance floor, shooting pool.  Success!  I picked up my fork and attempted to stab a tomato - which promptly flew up into the air, bounced once on the table and then took flight out onto the floor!  I felt my face burn as red as my flying tomato.  Flaming hell - how embarrassing!  I was glad the lights were dim, and nothing but faint candle flame flickered through the room casting irregular shadows at each table.  I glanced around furtively to see if anyone had noticed my acrobatic food display - and there - right at the booth next to mine, facing straight toward me, looking deep into my eyes, sat the man with the long black hair and unfathomable eyes.  My heart pounded hard and wild within my chest, taking my breath away.  My memory eluded me, my mind now completely blank.  I blinked, trying to catch my breath and gather my thoughts together, feeling dazed and quite stupid. What the hell had I planned to do once I found him?  
The corners of his mouth turned up a little.  Smile!  I had planned to smile!  And so I did. He returned the smile more fully, and our eyes locked.  I wanted to look around so I could get a full view of him, but it hardly mattered any more.  He was here!  And I could behold those wonderful, dark eyes again, though it felt more like he was beholding me; they bore into me so deeply. I wondered how long we would keep this up: smiling and staring.  I blinked again, picked up my glass, and took a sip of tea.  For one second, I glanced away as I reached for my napkin.  When I looked back he had moved and now stood right beside my table.  Not wanting to miss a thing, I took my time studying him, directing my view upwards - slow and easy.  He wore black pants and a black shirt, and when he removed his dark, blood-red scarf, I noticed a silver chain with some sort of medallion.  There was a tattoo on the side of his neck, but from where I sat, I couldn’t tell what it was.  His ebony hair fell down past his shoulders, straight and silky.  He had a strong, square chin with a smoky 5 o’clock shadow coming down along his jaw-line and surrounding his smooth, hard-candy lips; his nose was straight and narrow like a Greek sculpture, and his eyes - my God, his eyes!  They were so dark now that they were purple.  Once again he peered far into me, holding me firmly in place, captivating me by his determination, fascinating me with his stunning, good looks.  The way he gazed at me with purpose and intent told me there wasn’t a thing I could hide from him - ever.  
I cleared my throat, trying to find my voice.  “Please, sit down.”  
Did I just say that out loud?  I must have: he nodded and eased himself in across from me.  I was able to see his eyes straight on now.  It was nearly impossible to speak, to breathe, or to look away.  I supposed we could spend the whole evening staring; I could live with that.  Raising an eyebrow, I pushed my hair back behind my shoulder, wondering if he would ever speak.  
“Your hair is lovely,” he said, as if he had read my mind.  His voice was velvety-deep, strong and sincere. 
“Your hair is...”  I groped for the correct word. What should I say?  Lovely in a handsome way?  It was the length that made it so arresting, so beautiful.  
“Long,” he said, finishing my sentence for me.
“Right, but that’s not what I meant.  What I mean is, I don’t think you should ever cut it... it becomes you.  It belongs where it is, not on some barber’s floor.”  My mouth had gotten ahead of my brain.  I wasn’t trying to be funny and hoped I wasn’t blabbering like an idiot.
“No worries,” he said with a brief smile.
It was then that I noticed his British accent and asked, “Are you from England?”
“Yes.  I am here on holiday.”  His voice was as alluring as his eyes and his hair.  
How insane is this? My mind reeled.  I’m already in love with him and I know nothing about him.  Why did I feel so giddy - like a frivolous young schoolgirl?  I shook my head slightly trying to clear my foggy brain. This is so unlike me, so unnatural.
“It is completely natural,” he said quietly.
I wasn’t positive, but I thought I had kept that last opinion to myself.  Or... was he talking about his hair?
“What?” I asked, feeling a bit perplexed.
“I am sorry, I have been rude.”  He stood and extended his hand across the table and said, “Allow me to make a proper introduction.  My name is Emrys Blake Bertrand.” 
Well, that’s different.  I took his hand and, initially, thought a static shock had just jumped across us, but when he continued with a solid grasp, the sensation became a live electrical current which traveled through my entire body.  He bent his head down as if to hide his smile, but I had already noticed.  I didn’t want to let go of his hand.  The energy flowing from him was startling, yet exciting.
“Elizabeth Amarande Rose.”  I didn’t usually give my middle name, but somehow, it seemed not only appropriate, but also necessary.
“Magnificent.”  He let my hand go and sat again.  His already steamy eyes glowed deeper in the soft light.  He continued to maintain eye contact, but he reached over to the table beside ours and picked up his glass.  It looked like red wine, and after he took a small sip, he licked his beautiful lips and said, “Your name matches your beauty.”
I knew he watched my every move: he saw my eyes move to his mouth, to his hair, and back up to his eyes again.  How was he able to concentrate so fully on my eyes alone?  I even tried to flip my hair a few times, to run my fingers through from scalp to the ends, but still, his eyes remained fixed on mine.
How does one make small talk with someone like him?  I wished he’d speak first.
On cue again, he asked in soft tones, “Tell me about yourself, Elizabeth.  What brings you out on a cold, dark night such as this?”
How do I tell him that I came here to meet him without sounding like a compete fool?  
“I think you know what brings me here,” I said, surprising myself with a new boldness.
My heart raced.  I had never ever been this daring with a man.  I had never wanted a man this badly before, and if truth be told, I hadn’t ever had a man before in my life.
I detected a twinkle in his eyes as a slight grin appeared.  He can read my mind!  Now what do I say?  
“I do know,” he said. “It is the same reason I returned as well.”  His eyes revealed the truth.
Someone dropped a glass near the bar, and it shattered clamorously before I could say anything.  I looked up and saw the two loud men getting their jackets and gawking at me past Emrys’ shoulder.  Then they started making mocking gestures in reference to his long hair.  The one guy grabbed his friend by the head and pretended to stroke his hair as though it went below his shoulders. 
Emrys stood, but never looked back.  Unhurried and with care, he removed his black trench coat.  He smoothed it out and laid it across the back of the seat with slow, deliberate care.  He pushed up his sleeves revealing rather large, muscular arms and a few more tattoos, and as he did, I spotted a silver thumb ring that had bright red designs engraved inside a chain of squares that went all around the ring.  He adjusted his silver medallion and sat back down keeping his eyes on me the whole time. 
“Ignore the insolent adolescents, Elizabeth.  These men are so far beneath you - they cannot even fathom your grace and your undefiled beauty.  It is their jealousy that motivates them, for I sit where they never will.  In addition, they envy and are fascinated with my ability to maintain a rational and reasonable attitude in the presence of their incorrigible and riotous actions.  Just then, when I stood to remove my overcoat, they assumed I would join them in their display of unpolished and unsociable behavior.  I would never dream of such unprincipled reactions.  I could not fathom leaving you here alone while I attend to them and altogether bash their frail little heads together - tempting as that thought may be.” 
That had been the longest string of sentences he had said so far, and I had to remind myself to close my gaping mouth.  He had never even turned around once!
I didn’t look, but I was sure the calm, but perfectly choreographed, little dance that Emrys had just performed had worked.  I heard the door swing open and close, and the whole pub had quieted down.  I didn’t believe that anyone else heard what Emrys had said – but quite possibly just his presence came off as overwhelming and demanding, as though he were royalty. 
I saw his eyes flicker down to my mouth when I licked my lips, but just as quickly, they were back locked again with my own.  
“I think they left,” was all I could say.
“Of course they did.”  Emrys smiled.  “And I am pleased that they have gone.  Shall we return now to our previous conversation?”
“Yes, please.”  I drew in a deep breath, getting another whiff of that sensuous smoky aroma.  Can he hear how fast my heart is hammering inside my chest?
“I had hoped you would return this evening, Elizabeth.  I wanted to be able to speak to you without your friends about.”
“Those people were my sister’s friends.  I mean, I was with my sister and two of her friends.”
“I presumed as much.  You and your sister are very close?”  He had such a velvet voice when he spoke, as soft and as deep as his tangible gaze.
“Yes, we’re twins.  I’m sure you saw that.”  
“I did not give it much thought.  It was you that I wanted... to meet.”  He seemed a little apprehensive as he clasped his hands together, and cleared his throat.  “I have never seen anyone as beautiful as you.”
“My sister and I are identical twins,” I said, ignoring his premature compliment.  “I mean, we’re exactly alike, mirror images of each other.  You didn’t notice her?”  Is he blind?  Maybe that was why he seemed to look so far into my eyes, and how he could sense things around him so well.  No, that couldn’t be right - he definitely looked at me, not through me, not past me.  I decided to test it with a little smile.
He smiled back. 
“I only have eyes for you, Elizabeth.  I did not notice anyone else in the room and I have not been drawn to anyone...let me rephrase that.  When I saw you last evening...”
Even though my thoughts had been consumed by this man for the last twenty-four hours I wondered...where was the small talk; the casual verbal dancing familiar to all new couples?  I started to think he’d been moving our relationship along a bit fast, when he stopped mid-sentence and sat straighter in his chair.  All of a sudden a strange feeling crept over me, not fearful, not apprehensive or anxious.  Nothing I could put my finger on, just strange.
“I must take my time.  Please, accept my sincere apology.  I have been too forward,” he added in an earnest and soft tone.  “I do not wish to frighten you away.”
“I’m okay.  Please, go on - don’t stop.”  Did the expression on my face change to make him modify his wording?  I hadn’t said what I was thinking, had I?
“Very well then. When I saw you last evening, I truly wanted to meet you, but you were with another.”
I stifled a giggle.  “No, that was not a date; he was just a friend of a friend,” I explained.
“I see.  Is there anyone you see regularly?” he asked point blank.
Once again I held back my laugh.  If I didn’t know better, I’d think that Emrys wasn’t at all into the dating scene.  But that could not be possible, not with his great looks and apparent good manners.  Who wouldn’t want to go out with this guy?  I certainly hoped he’d get around to asking me!
“No, I’m not,” I answered, and then added, “I’ve been too busy this semester to even think about dating.  I may be a twin, but I am definitely a single Rose.”
His eyes flew open wide, and he cleared his throat.  He nodded and took a sip of his drink.  I sensed something different - a distinct reaction to my last statement.  I took a moment to analyze his odd behavior, and then it dawned on me.
“Are you married?”  I leaned back into my chair and folded my arms, expecting the worst.  He was too good to be true.  And no wonder, all the good ones are already taken.
“Of course not!” he snapped, shaking his head.  
“I’m sorry,” I said, thinking I had offended his integrity.  But there couldn’t be anything wrong with asking.
“No, you were correct to ask.  It caught me off guard.  I...I never expected this question.  I forget that most people are not as...old-fashioned as I am.  I would never approach a woman if I were married.”  He absentmindedly touched his medallion as he spoke.  “Though I have never been married, I consider it a sacred union.  To be perfectly honest, I have not thought about romance or courtship for a long time.  However, I do find myself feeling new emotions this evening.  I feel as though I have known you my entire life and I do not want this evening to end.  You are quite stunning, Elizabeth Rose – an absolute beauty.
His words, though sweet and generous, made me a bit uncomfortable.  He sure had all the right moves, but could he be real?  Courtship?  Who talks like that? 
I gave him a quick thank-you, but turned to look out the window near our table while reviewing everything he’d said.
“What do you see out there - beyond the glass?” he asked in a soft voice, following my gaze out the window.
I took a deep breath, and let the air out more like a sigh.  “I see someone walking their dog just beyond the parking lot under that row of trees.  I see leaves twirling in the wind.  I can see a few stars in the sky, and I see the lights of an airplane overhead.”  I paused for a moment as I gazed up into the darkness.  “I know it’s silly, but every time I see a plane flying above me I imagine all the people inside, and can’t help but wonder where they’re all going.”
He smiled.
“Why, what do you see?”  I asked, resting my chin on my hand and looking into his eyes.
He turned his head toward me and never looked away.  “I see the face of an angel.  Her eyes are blue oceans of gentle purity.  I see within her mind a sharp intellect - laced with sweet innocent naiveté.  She is a kind-hearted soul with a noble and generous spirit.  I see a delicate garden of loveliness and desire.”
My cheeks burned.
His penetrating eyes softened as he continued:  “A blushing rose, a rare and beautiful flower, a prize of infinite value.”
He paused for a moment.  I attempted to gather my thoughts, to weigh his words.  I licked my lips as a new nervousness set in.  How do I respond to such words of praise, to the never-ending gaze?
“I cannot stop staring, Elizabeth.  Do you wish to know exactly what I see?” he asked in a serious manner.
A tiny whisper escaped my lips. “Sure.”
“The pathway to my future.”
My heart believed that he was genuine and meant every word that he had uttered, but my mind was at war with my emotions.  Did love at first sight actually exist?  Had I started to allow my feelings to rule my better judgment?  He made me feel so special, so beautiful and desirable.  But everything seemed to be happening so fast that my head began to spin.  My pulse raced again, my heart playing inside my chest like a drum roll. 
“I am not quite sure how to respond, Emrys.  No one has ever spoken to me this way.  Your words are sweet, but I just don’t know what to say.”
He sat back into the chair, deep in thought, like he was listening.  Oddly enough, I saw the music in his eyes before it reached my ears.  I recognized the tune at once. You’re Beautiful by James Blunt, was on the radio every day lately, and it was just about at the end.  
Now what?  I thought.  Where do we go from here?  The way he was talking, I had to assume he was about to ask me out, and I hoped he would, but not Friday, any day but Friday.  He sat forward in his seat when the song ended.
“I would be honored to take you out on a proper date.  What might you be doing tomorrow evening?”  His voice seemed to change mid-sentence, not quite a chuckle, but I noted a definite shift, my first inkling that he wasn’t being one hundred percent upfront with me. 
“I have to go out with a friend tomorrow.  I promised her.”  
I wanted to tell him about it:  how silly it was that Fiona believed all this nonsense, and that I had even let myself slip into her fantasy-world for a while.  But I couldn’t.  I had to keep my word no matter what. I couldn’t say a word to him and I had to go to the party.  At the very least, I could make an entrance with her, and then beg for a ride back home.
“I understand.”  He nodded his head.  “Perhaps another day then?”
“We could go out on Saturday.  Or even on Sunday.  Whichever…whenever you’re free.”  I turned into a blathering idiot again.  When would I learn to just shut up and smile?
He reached across the table and took my right hand in his.  Electrical currents ran up and down my spine.  The hair on the back of my neck rose up, and as I became light-headed, there was a vibration in my chest. What the flaming hell was going on?  Never before had I reacted to anyone like this.  My legs ached; my breath came in short gasps. I had to forcefully keep myself from rushing into his arms and consuming his entire being.  I needed to have this man.  It was a demanding, unstoppable, essential requirement – a requirement much like air or water.  I didn’t think I could live another day without him.  I wanted to be with him in every possible way.  I wanted him until the end of time.
His eyes bore into mine as if he had been imagining the exact same things I was, and I shivered at the thought of it.  If I didn’t stay focused and breathe regularly, I’d be on the floor again.  Only this time it would not be due to fear of the unknown, or holding my breath, or dehydration - but from hyperventilating.  
“This is real, Elizabeth. You feel it,” Emrys said, giving my hand a squeeze.  “The connection is strong.”  
“We barely know each other,” I said, stating the obvious.
“We know enough.  We have the rest of our lives to learn more.”  Rich, velvet words. His eyes held me fast.  His touch was warm and gentle.  Would it be just like this when – that is – if we kissed?
He smiled.  Not again!  He had done it again.  He had to be reading my mind!
“I would love to kiss you,” he said with a gentle intensity.  The volts of electrical energy surged through my whole body from head to toe. 
I was at a loss for words for the first time in my life.  I wanted to believe him with every fiber of my being, to believe in love at first sight, for him to be the one.  He seemed so honest, and it felt so right.  I looked at his lips and imagined his kiss. That vivid image was enough to ignite a fire that I wasn’t sure I’d be able to control.  I was slipping away, no longer my own person, more a part of something much larger than myself.  Was this love?  
Or was I a gullible idiot?
“Wait a minute.”  I swallowed hard.  “Didn’t you say you were on holiday?  When do you have to leave and go back home to England?”  All of a sudden I was freaked out and anxious about the future.  Already worried he’d leave me if we let this go any further.
“I will never leave you.  You shall come with me,” he whispered, his voice barely audible.
He’d done it again - he kept answering my thoughts.  I flinched ever so slightly in response, almost pulling away, but he continued his electrified hand holding with a firm grip. This was madness.  What about my sister?  I could just hear her scolding me in her motherly way: telling me I had lost my mind – there’s no such thing as love at first sight.  What about my schooling, my future and my friends?  My mind reeled.  Then it hit me like a bucket of ice-cold reality.  He must be a player looking for a good time with a moronic American.  He had all the right words, eyes that could melt me alive, great looks and hair - the whole package.  I would be taken for a long ride, and the end of the story would be me - sitting in my room in a puddle of tears while Melinda stroked my hair and told me it would all be okay.  
Shaking my head, I pulled my hand back.  The electrical current stopped, my mind cleared, and I tried to look anywhere but into his eyes.  I poked at my now-wilted salad, folded and unfolded my napkin, wiped off my lipstick, and drank the last of my tea.  Out of the corner of my eye I could see he was frowning, but I couldn’t look at him.  
“I should be getting home now.  I have an early class tomorrow morning.”  I tried to sound normal.
“What is it, Elizabeth?” he asked with a puzzled look.
I noted a tone of sadness in his voice.  
“Nothing, Emrys.  I’ll meet you back here Saturday evening - if you want.”  I didn’t look up, but I began to gather up my coat and purse and slide out of the booth.
He took my coat and held it while I eased into it.  His hands touched my shoulders sending small currents through the thick material, and he turned me around to face him.  I was afraid to look up. If I did his eyes would lock me in again.  Instead, I reached for his silver medallion.  I didn’t examine it closely, but it seemed like some sort of black bird. I toyed with it and tried to avoid Emrys’ eyes. 
“Cool necklace.”  I didn’t like the coolness in my voice, but I could not lose myself. 
He touched my chin and lifted my face.  Electrical energy flowed through his finger; my lips quivered, and my eyes started burning.  
He brushed the tears on my cheek and said, “Elizabeth, please.  I do not understand.”  He sounded tortured.
I picked up my purse and buttoned my coat.  I glanced into his eyes for one second, and touched his arm.  Standing on my tiptoes, I brushed his cheek with a light kiss and said, “I’ll meet you here Saturday... at seven.”  
I didn’t glance back as I ran to the door.  Sobbing full-blown tears by the time the wind hit my face, I ran all the way home.  The cold air stung my lungs, but I couldn’t stop running.  If I did, I’d turn and run back into his arms, and then regret it the rest of my life.  I knew it would be a gigantic miracle if he showed up on Saturday.  There had to be dozens of other love-struck women who’d be willing to diddle around with him.  And there was plenty of time to find one between now and then, including Friday night at the pub.  Everyone will be there.  Except for us poor dumb suckers going to the party. 
I slammed the dorm room door behind me and was relieved to discover that Kathy and Will were gone, and only my dear sister was home.  She sat under a blanket watching a movie and looked up as I locked the door.  She knew instantly by the expression on my face that something had gone wrong and, before I had my coat hung up, she stood next to me asking what had happened.  
“Didn’t you find your man with the hair and eyes?”  She touched my shoulder and brushed the hair out of my face.
“He did show up.” My voice quivered. “We’re supposed to meet again on Saturday.”
“Then what’s the problem, sis?”  She touched my cheek with a soft hand.
“I think this guy is too good to be true, and if he meets me back there Saturday night, it’ll be a big surprise.  I’m pretty sure if I had let him, he would have taken me back to his place, which is most likely a motel since he’s on vacation, and he would have had his way with me.”  I wiped my eyes; sure the black makeup had melted down all over my face.
“Lizzy, that’s what any normal American male would do.  What’s so unusual about that?  Did he try anything or what?”
“No, but he went on and on about ‘forever’ and ‘never leaving’ me...as if we had been dating for years.  Oh, and he’s not American.  Emrys is from England.”  I went to sit on the sofa, grabbed the remote and started to flip through the channels.  
“Hey, I was watching that!”  Lindy followed me and wrenched the remote out of my hand and, without missing a beat, said, “So then he’s a normal British male.”  She turned her movie back on, hit mute, and plunked herself next to me on the sofa.  “If he hasn’t forced himself on you, or even mentioned it, I don’t see the problem.”
“You should have heard him.  He said everything any woman would want to hear.  Except usually these things aren’t said until you actually have an ongoing relationship - not on your first night together, which by the way, was not even a planned date.”
“Oh, I see.  Now you don’t believe in love at first sight.”  The sarcasm poured like liquid.  “I thought you did, since you were the one who had to go meet him, as if you knew he was the one.”  She grinned at me mischievously and started playing with my hair.
“I know, I know.  It makes absolutely no sense.  He looks at me like he’s been in love with me for years.  He finishes sentences for me.  When he touches me I feel electrical shocks running through me - his eyes alone speak volumes!  I think he can even read my mind.”  I glanced at her.  “Don’t look at me like that - it’s uncanny how he knows things.”
“Ah huh.”
“Melinda, I swear... if he had kissed me... I would have done it right there in the pub.  That’s how he affects me!”
“Whatever you say, sis.  I’ll be surprised if you do it on your wedding night!”  She had tried to sound playful, but I caught her undertone of sarcasm.
I shook my head.  This happened to be the one subject that I didn’t feel comfortable discussing with her.  I didn’t agree with her choices and she knew it.
“Hey, speaking of kissing - I kissed Mark the other night after we got you up here and into bed.”  She raised an eyebrow and smiled.
“Really?  Did anything else happen?”  I asked, hoping I didn’t sound too judgmental.  It was so hard to keep quiet.  
“No, Elizabeth!”  The answer was emphatic and she tossed back her head.
“So, there’s hope for you yet!”  I chuckled.  I always wondered if, deep down, she wished she had stayed a virgin too.
Melinda asked me to tell her more about my beautiful stranger, and I went over every single detail.  She listened intently as I droned on for over an hour.  She never did go back to her movie.  Talking with my sister brought a familiar calmness.  No matter our moods, we could always make each other laugh and feel better about our situations and ourselves.  I wasn’t sure how to feel about Emrys.  A lot depended on whether or not he showed up on Saturday.  I could still see his eyes whenever I closed mine, but something wasn’t quite right about him.  Maybe it was just me, but he was too perfect.  Too good to be true.  That never happens in real life.

Chapter 6
The Name Game
The next morning when I rolled out of bed and looked in the mirror, I thought my eyes looked different.  I even asked Kathy and Lindy about them.  Kathy just shrugged.  Her morning routine was much quieter than any other time of the day: she had to do her yoga; she had to eat her bran, and then get ready for school.  We loved mornings with our roommate.  
“Well, they may be a little puffy, but other than that, they look fine.”  I stared at my sister’s eyes and then peered back into the mirror as Lindy looked closely at me.
“No, something is different.  They don’t look exactly like yours anymore.”  I pushed at the eyelids; I pulled on my lashes.  “Something is not right.”
“You’re crazy!  Get ready for school, or you’ll be late and then you’ll be in a mood.”  Melinda was right; I hated to be late.
I finished up in the bathroom, threw my things into my backpack and grabbed my coat.  “See you all later,” I called, just before pulling the door shut.
Kathy was still on the floor like some crazy contortionist as Lindy called after me, “Love you, sis.”
Bright sunlight poured in through the outer glass doors nearly blinding me.  But it was great to finally see the sun again after the past week of gray skies, and when I stepped outside, the air felt thick and humid.  Little brown sparrows twittered about chirping with glee.  I watched a squirrel jumping from limb to limb in a red maple tree, and out of the corner of my eye, I caught a glimpse of something black.  I turned to see what it was, but it had disappeared behind the corner of the building.  I shrugged.  My eyes had been playing all kinds of tricks on me this morning, so I didn’t think much of it - until my walk to Anthropology class when I sensed someone watching me.  And even though it was broad daylight, the ever-increasing notion of being followed began to unnerve me.  I wanted to turn around and look, but I just couldn’t; instead I quickened my pace.  I wondered if the unsettled feeling from last night added to my over-active imagination today.  Or was this fear warranted?  I started walking even faster, and just as I broke out into a cold sweat, I arrived at Gaige Hall.  Safe, and feeling somewhat silly. 
After my first class I headed over to the Horace Mann Hall to the walk-in computer lab.  The sun was still bright and high in the sky, and much warmer than it had been in weeks.  I looked down at the colorful, swirling leaves as they crunched under my feet, and noticed my short shadow following me as I hurried along the sidewalk.  Out of the blue, my pulse suddenly quickened and my mouth went dry.  I pulled my water bottle out of my backpack and took a long drink.  No time for fainting spells today, please! 
The lab was all but empty, and I was sure to find an open computer. With so few students hunched over keyboards and monitors, the room was eerily quiet, except for the sound of the familiar clicking and tapping as text was typed.  I claimed an open computer, put my backpack on the floor near the table, hung my coat on the chair, and signed in. 
I had decided to do a bit of research since I had some time to spare.  Names always fascinated me - their meanings, the culture of the people surrounding their origins.  So, of course, I had to look up his name- even though, in all likelihood, I would never see him again.  His name was so different, so unique:  Emrys.  As I opened the search engine, I marveled.  How did we ever get along before we had Google? 
In no time at all, I found a website that listed names and their meanings and included a search-box for specific spellings.  I typed in Emrys, guessing at the letters.  I watched and waited, and when the meaning popped up, goose bumps scurried all over my body and a quick shiver jerked through me.  
Emrys: Welsh form of Latin Ambrosius meaning immortal. 
Was this some kind of sick joke? I took a breath, and then tried his middle name.  Blake: Old English byname for a person with unusually dark hair.  And finally, his last name - Bertrand: Medieval French form of Old High German Berhtram, meaning bright raven.  Okay, so he’s an undying, dark- bright raven. Laughing out loud, I attracted a few glances my way from other students.  I checked the clock and thought - as long as time was being wasted here, I may as well keep going, and punched in my own name. 
Elizabeth: God is my oath.  Since I nearly died at birth, perhaps our mother felt my life was a miracle from God, but I had no clue about my middle name:  Amarande.  I typed it in.  The internet hung, leaving the little hourglass on the screen draining and turning and draining. 
“Oh, flaming hell,” I muttered under my breath. 
I waited, tapping my fingers.  Perhaps I should be doing something more constructive - like looking over my notes for my next class.  I was just about to forget this whole little extracurricular activity when the computer was back in action and the page opened.  The words leapt out at me, nearly knocking me off the chair.  Was this an auspicious omen?
Amarande:  A variation of Amarantha -Greek origin meaning unfading – also the name of a mythical flower that was supposed to be immortal.
Same as Emrys.  Okay, this couldn’t possibly get any weirder.
I remembered that Melinda’s name meant black or dark in modern English, but when I looked it up I was surprised to see the Latin origin meant sweet.  Our only baby picture showed that we both had pitch-black hair at birth, but not many people thought of Lindy as being sweet!  I decided to see about her middle name.  
Anastasia: Feminine form of Greek Anastasios meaning resurrection.
The universe must be toying with me.  In one way or another, all of our names referred to living forever.  Fine - I could play along.  What if all of these coincidences meant something?  And perhaps it also had something to do with our plan to attend the party which would give us specific choices regarding our eternal futures.  It only made sense then, that I should get Melinda to ask Emrys to join us.  Maybe he’d like to live with me forever and ever!  My heart skipped a beat.  What a flaming crock!  This was all so juvenile.  I leaned back in my seat and stretched my neck muscles for a minute.  There was time for one more, I thought with a snicker.
I decided to look up Fiona just for fun.  
Fiona: Irish – Gaelic origin meaning fair-white.  
That was quite appropriate.  I had to think about her middle name for a few seconds.  Oh, yes, it was Ameretat.  Another unusual one.  I frowned as I typed it into the search box hoping I had spelled it right, and noted casually that all our middle names began with an “A”.  After the page loaded and I scrolled down to see the meaning, I went cold.  An acute chill prickled the surface of my skin, and another cold sweat engulfed me.  Was this even possible?  
Ameretat:  Avestan name meaning immortal 
Was this just another coincidence, or was this for real?  But why isn’t Lindy’s second name like ours?  I reached over to the mouse and clicked back a page or two, finding it a second later.  Resurrection is different from never dying, but dying and being brought back was close enough.  My mind reeled as I tried to make sense of it all.  My strange dizziness returned, and I feared I might have another fainting spell.  I pushed my chair away from the desk, leaned forward and put my head between my knees pretending to pick up a dropped pencil - in reality trying to get the blood to return to my head.  I didn’t want to collapse in the computer lab - that was for sure.  What was up with me lately?  I was not usually one to faint.  When I thought things were back to normal, I eased myself up again.  Strange silver slivers darted here and there, evidence that I had not fully recovered.  In fact, my vision had definitely been going haywire today because again I thought I saw a black form - this time, exiting the main door.  Once more I checked the clock and realized I had to get going, so, dizzy or not, I gathered all my things and ran.  
My next lecture was a blur; it was close to impossible to concentrate.  Not only did I have all our names and their meanings running through my mind, I was now consumed with thoughts of the party and how I could get Emrys there.  Surely he’d think I was crazy.  I had no way to find him in time, other than to sit in the pub and hope he got thirsty or something.  That, in and of itself, was weird.  If he is on vacation, why would he hang around a pub that caters mostly to college students and serves only greasy fast food?  Why indeed.  Unless, he was meant to meet me!  What a grand thought.  We were meant to be together...yeah right.
These sarcastic and nonsensical thoughts irritated me like a static radio station that wouldn’t come in clear.  But I couldn’t shut them down no matter how I tried.  Every other turn of the knob brought me back to the party, or to Emrys.  
At lunch, I went to The Café - as usual, but Lindy wasn’t there.  Fiona wasn’t there either, and I had to eat alone.  It was not good for me to be left alone with my own thoughts right now.  I needed a diversion.  As I took a bite of my apple, I looked up and saw Mark stroll in wearing a big smile.  He came over to say hi and I asked him to sit, please.  He’d do as well as any other diversion.  I drilled him with questions regarding my sister and his feelings for her.  
His blonde head bobbed up and down as he answered, “Yeah, she’s something else.  I really like her spunky attitude.”  
I caught him eying me closely.  I would venture to bet that he had been speculating the possibility that I was actually Melinda!  All she’d have to do is not curl her hair; he’d never know.  And if all the questions I asked weren’t convincing enough for him, the surprised look on my face would have revealed the truth.  My mouth dropped open when he said they’d be out of town Saturday and Sunday – he and Lindy had planned a trip to Boston and hoped to return on Monday.  I sat dismayed; she had not even bothered to tell me about it. This was serious; we are drifting apart. I supposed it was inevitable; we couldn’t expect to live together forever.  But it made me sad.
Mark asked me what I had planned for the weekend, and added, “Hey, what’s going on tonight?  It’s kind of driving me nuts that Melinda wouldn’t say much - just that it’s a girl’s night out.”  He looked sullen as his mouth puckered, but it looked cute on him.  
“It’s no big deal.  We’re just hanging out- Fiona, Lindy and me.”  I wished he hadn’t mentioned it; now I couldn’t stop thinking about it again.  My answer must have been comforting.  He gave up with a quick smile, glanced at his phone and said he had to get to Quantum Mechanics.  I wished him good luck as he raced off.
One more hour, and I could get out of here for the weekend.  For the most part, I had enjoyed all my Anthropology and Sociology studies; however, the professor in my next class seemed to have it out for me.  And with all that was on my mind, it would be difficult enough to concentrate without having to deal with her rudeness.  We’d already had a few minor disagreements, but since our last meeting I thought I’d have a hard time showing any respect for her at all.  I wasn’t against constructive criticism by any means, but she had said something to me during class which should have been said in private.  
A few days earlier, as she handed back an essay, she peered at me over her glasses and said in a condescending tone, “Tsk, Tsk, Elizabeth.  I expected better from you.”  
My face had burned - three shades of crimson.  Why would anyone want to embarrass another person in public, anyway?  Just to show their superiority?  I hated that.  I hated my face when it gave my feelings away and I hung my head down hoping my hair covered my embarrassment.
I knew I couldn’t listen to her after she made me feel like a fool.  She had been thoughtless and mean, and I no longer cared about anything she had to say.  I doodled in my notebook and never once looked back up at her.  She had let her profession go to her head, and it made me angry.  I got quite a surprise when I finally turned my essay over after class that day.  I had figured I got a “D” on the paper.  No.  I got a “B”. And now, two days later, I still couldn’t look her in the eye.
I sat down in my seat prepared to ignore her for the next hour, and with everything swirling through my mind, it was even easier than I had imagined it could be. 
When I arrived at home later I was surprised to find Fiona had gotten there already.  Lindy was in the shower, and Kathy was nowhere to be seen, so we’d be able to talk and hear ourselves.  Fiona wore white dress pants and a slinky green tank top with lace all around the chest.  The color brought out her green eyes and made her look less pale.  I didn’t say so, but I thought the top looked more like sexy lingerie - not something I would ever wear, but then, according to my sister, I had always been a prude.  
“What on earth should I wear, Fiona?  I’ve never been to a vampire gala before!” 
“You’re so funny...”  She went to the closet and started rummaging through our clothes - Melinda and I shared everything.  “You could wear this red dress!” she suggested, calling over her shoulder.
She turned to face me and, with the dress still on the hanger, held it up to herself.  It happened to be a fancier dress Lindy had bought for a Christmas party last year.  Even though it was lovely, it was too low-cut for my tastes. 
Before I had a chance to voice my opinion, the bathroom door flew open and Lindy leaned out, wrapped only in a towel, and shouted, “No! I’m wearing the red one!”
Decision made. The bathroom door closed again and Fiona drifted back to the closet.  I had been so busy thinking of a way to ask Lindy if we could stop at the pub to see if Emrys was there, so she could invite him to the party, that I all but ignored the outfits Fiona kept shoving into my face.  Until she brought out the shimmery, cobalt blue dress that I forgot we owned.  It had short sleeves, was trim fitting, and had a low scoop neckline - not so there was cleavage, just low enough to show some skin.  The color was outstanding, and I gave her a wide grin as she held it up to me.  “Lizzy!  This makes your eyes look like sapphires!”
I chuckled, “That’s so funny! I meant to tell you that your top made your eyes look like emeralds!”
Melinda stepped out of the bathroom with her makeup all finished.  All she needed was to get dressed and add a few more curls to her hair.  We both looked at my sister and laughed when she held up the red dress. 
“Yes?” Lindy asked with a huge smile.
“Yes!” Fiona and I chimed together.  
I hopped into the shower and washed as fast as I could.  Of course, I did my hair first so that the intense cream rinse and conditioner could stay on as long as possible.  With our hair, we spent more on hair-care products than we did on food.  As I patted myself dry, I peeked out of the window to check on the weather.  The wind had picked up a bit and I shivered at the thought of what we were about to do.  For a brief moment I felt a dizziness come over me and I stepped away from the window, bent down to let blood flow back into my head, and then stood slowly – this time it worked.  I was able to finish my routine of powder and lotion without another episode of light-headedness or chills.
When we were just about ready, I grabbed Fiona and pulled her into the bathroom.  
“Please, let me do this.  You want to meet the love of your life tonight, don’t you?  Well, he shouldn’t have to see you so pale just yet, right?”  I teased.  
She gave in and sat down on the toilet and let me play makeup artist.  I put a soft layer of foundation on her whole face, a little pink blush on her cheeks, and light green shadow on her eyelids.  I found my medium brown eyeliner and lined her eyes, adding as a final touch, a bit of mascara.  Since she hated lipstick, I handed her some pink lip-gloss, and as I hovered over her like a mother hen, she applied it with a reluctant grunt.
“There! Are you happy now?”  
“You look stunning, Fiona.  If your perfect someone doesn’t fall madly in love with you tonight, he’s blind as a bat!” 
She rolled her emerald eyes at me and smiled.  When she left the bathroom, I heard a low whistle - my nutty sister letting Fiona know how ravishing she looked.
For once I thought my hair had turned out perfect; it hung to my waist in long, shiny strands.  My makeup was good - not too much, not too little - and I put on my red lipstick.  When I walked out of the bathroom, both girls whistled.  I laughed, and then saw my sister.  The red dress was even more revealing than I had realized.  It showed far more cleavage than I’d ever be comfortable with; but she did look fabulous.  Her upper-arms were thin and well toned; and even though we worked out together three days a week doing exactly the same reps, I was positive her arms appeared thinner than mine.  Sometimes I wished I could be as brave as she was, dressing so sexy.  The hem of her dress came to mid-thigh, and her legs were shapely and smooth.  At times like this, it amazed me how different we could be.  She turned toward the mirror, finished her last curl, and unplugged the iron.  We were ready.
“I have to ask you girls a question before we leave,” I announced.  “Would you mind if we stop at the pub to see if Emrys is there?  I thought if he was, then you could ask him to come with us, Lindy.  You didn’t invite anyone, did you?”  
They both glanced at each other like I was insane.  Did they know something I didn’t know? 
“What?”  I asked, doubling the syllables in the word.  I was totally in the dark here.
“I filled Fiona in on your so-called date the other night with Emrys, since you hadn’t mentioned it yet,” Lindy started.  “She asked me what he looked like, because the whole concept of you flitting around a guy you didn’t know was so strange... so I told her.”  
“Told her what?  That he’s tall, dark and handsome?  That he has eyes to die for and he sends volts of electricity through me when he touches me, and I want to ravish him?”  I stood with my hands on my hips.
Fiona’s mouth fell open. “No, she said he had long dark hair and beautiful eyes.  What’s wrong with you, Lizzy?  Why are you so weird lately?”
“I’m not being weird,” I said in defense. This conversation annoyed me and I wasn’t sure why. 
Lindy continued, “When I told her what he looked like, Fiona mentioned she may have seen him that night her random guy invited her to this party.”
I glared at Fiona and snapped, “Explain!”
“Well...”  She took a breath.  “Remember that day when we went to the mall?  After I dropped you guys off, I stopped at the coffee shop for a quick pick-me-up.  I knew I had to stay up late and study,” she added, still guarded.  “You already know how the random guy invited me to the party.  After I said yes, he went to a table and joined a guy that had long black hair.  I saw him glance over for a minute, but I didn’t actually see his face.  I was next in line.”  She shrugged.  “I honestly have no idea if he was your eye man or not.  I never caught any names.  And by the time I got my coffee, he was gone.”
“What was he wearing?”  I had to know if it was Emrys or not.
“I don’t remember, Lizzy.”  She shook her head and flipped open her cell phone to check the time.  “Chances are it wasn’t even him.  Let’s get going, we can’t be late!  And if you want to make a pit stop at the pub, we have to hit it now,” Fiona added, looking flushed.  Or, maybe it was only the blush - I couldn’t be sure.
Most often, we’d walk to the pub, but since Fiona’s car was just outside and we had to drive to the dock anyway, we rode the few blocks in her VW.  Luckily we were all small girls; it was a tight fit, especially all dressed up for a night out.
When we strolled into the pub, there wasn’t an eye in the place that didn’t turn and stare at us.  We heard a few whistles, but ignored all the ogling.  A couple girls that Fiona knew came up to us and asked us where we were headed in our fancy clothes.  
Fiona did her rendition of fast introductions by saying all our names, followed by: “Nowhere, just out, here and there.  We stopped in to see if Lizzy’s new friend was here.” 
I elbowed her hard.
“Ouch!  What was that for?”  She looked at me through squinted eyes.
The chubby girl called Natalie leaned toward me and whispered, “I think I saw him earlier just outside of your building!  Doesn’t he usually wear a long trench coat?”  I could only imagine she’d seen us here together on Thursday night.  My stomach curled into a large tight ball.  I tasted blood – from biting my tongue so hard.  
“I never told him where we lived,” I said using my fake calm voice.  Fiona and Lindy stared at me, waiting for my reaction.  “I guess he must have been looking for me too.”  I said, trying to reason it all out.  I could not, for the life of me, imagine who would have told him where we lived.  I shrugged, pretending this news didn’t bother me, smiled at Natalie and said, “Thanks” just as I realized I hadn’t answered her question about his coat.  “Yes, a trench coat, I think.”
Melinda saw the mortified look on Fiona’s face and said, “Nice meeting you both, but we’ve got to head out now.” 
The girls scooted back to their game of darts after giving us one more round of compliments on our appearance, and as soon as they could no longer overhear us, Fiona grabbed my arm - a little rougher than necessary.
“Lizzy, why would he be looking for you tonight?  You told him you were busy, right?” she asked in a frenzied whisper.
“Yes.  But I didn’t tell him where we’d be going.  You don’t think he would try to follow us, do you?”  I began to feel a bit panicked now - my hands grew sweaty and my head spun. I didn’t want to ruin Fiona’s night.  If you allowed anyone to come that wasn’t invited, the consequences were simple - you would be uninvited.  And I for one didn’t want Fiona to pay for any mistakes I may have made, even unknowingly.  
We hurried out the door after looking around one more time.  No men with long dark hair at all. 
Back in the car again on our way to the Marina, Fiona glanced into the mirror and touched her hair.  “Do you guys think my hair is too curly?” 
“Fiona, don’t be silly.  You’re beautiful exactly as you are.”  I had no patience for any of her insecurity right now, but I was glad she wasn’t concerned with uninvited guest mishaps any longer.

Chapter 7
Don’t Rock the Boat

So there we stood, waiting.  Thirteen idiots gathered together on the dock of the bay, all in a row - in the dark – ready and willing to be whisked off by boat to an unknown location - to a party given by vampires.  And we could call our leader Captain Red!  I couldn’t decide if we humans fit better in the category of fools - or raving lunatics.
As our tattooed and pierced hostess finished her invitation interrogation, I thought again about the chances we were taking.  Glancing up, I watched as the thin clouds grew dense and began to block out what little light the moon had allotted us.  And then, like an omen, the streetlight above us dimmed and flickered off, and even our shadows slithered away into the darkness.  The smaller boat took off with a roar, and once its noise faded into the distance, I heard the distinct screech of an alley cat and then the sound of far off foghorns.  A shiver of alarm shot through me.  All the night sounds seemed to be getting louder now, and the thickening clouds appeared to dip downward bringing with them a misty haze.  All these things did nothing for the increasing spine-chilling creepiness that descended upon me.  I was sure this night would turn into, quite possibly, the most unearthly night of my life. 
I peered at Melinda through the darkness.  As she turned her face to me, I thought I saw the same fear in her eyes that I had been feeling.  We grasped hands.  If nothing else, we would be together.  I took a quick glance at Fiona.  She watched our hostess as she made her way to the last person in the line.  Fiona’s eyes were wide, but with more of a determined excitement than fear.  She had made her mind up a long time ago, and she simply wasn’t going to let all this freakiness scare her.  
My mind kept wandering all over the place and I didn’t hear what Captain Red had just said.  Lindy elbowed me as our hostess and her servant glided toward the ramp that led up to the yacht.  I marveled at their ability to see in the dark.  
“What did she say?”  I whispered.
Someone clicked on a bright spotlight.  It showered us with enough light to see one another and the pathway to where Captain Red stood waiting.
“Just shut up and get on the boat,” Lindy whispered as she pushed me forward.  Apparently she wasn’t as fearful as I had thought.
We had to be careful as we climbed onboard; some of us wore heels far too pointy and tall for an evening stroll on a gangplank.  I was just glad I didn’t trip and fall into the water.  Even global warming wouldn’t have made the temperature tolerable for a swim in October.
One thing I was happy about was the fact that this vessel was large – huge in fact, with a lower deck where we’d be out of the wind.  Once in the lower level we emerged into a luxurious living room with plush sofas, tables, chairs and a bar.  Nothing about this space felt like a boat.  The carpeting was a deep maroon with intricate designs, the furniture - sleek but comfortable, the bar - completely stocked and even had a full sized refrigerator.
At first we sat in silence, easing into our new surroundings - still trying to shake off the edginess of the dark harbor.  I picked at my fingernails wishing I had remembered to paint one more coat of polish.  The nail on my pinky had chipped a little.  Fiona opened and shut her phone three million times and cleared her throat two million times.  Lindy looked bored as she glanced around at all the other passengers, or victims - depending on how you looked at them.  I wondered what could possibly be going through everyone’s mind, now that it was too late to turn back.
Did any of these people have a clue?  Or were we the only ones who had even heard about the legends?  Could there be more than three out of thirteen who knowingly and willingly decided to take their lives into their own hands - risking everything?  I doubted it.  But who was I to judge?  I was one of the biggest idiots of all.  I could be out dancing right now with Emrys, and even though I hated dancing, I would force myself if it meant I was in his arms.  
The boat ride took far longer than I had expected.  Most likely, by my estimation, we had to be well into the Narragansett Bay by now.  Captain Red came below deck to check on us and asked if we needed to use the lavatory.  Fiona raised her hand, and was directed to the door at the end of a short hallway.  
“If anyone is thirsty, please feel free to help yourselves,” Captain Red announced.  “There are drinks in the refrigerator.”  She pointed behind the bar with her long red fingernail.  No longer carrying her notebook, her dress was visible, and all eyes were now on her cleavage.  It was shocking.  The neckline plunged down to her navel, tiny glimmering studs edged the trim- most likely diamonds- and they matched her sparkling blue-gray eyes. I had no idea how her dress stayed on or why her breasts didn’t pop out when she moved.  Maybe she used super glue.  She only stayed long enough to give us this information, and then she glided away.
One of the men stood and went to the stainless steel fridge.  He looked around and asked, “Anyone else want a beer?”
Lindy waved at him, and he tossed her a bottle.  I snickered in relief when she caught it.  If it had shattered at my feet splashing my dress with hops and barley, I would have been pissed.  One of the other women asked if anything else was available in there besides beer.  He pulled out a bottle of white wine, and the woman went to the closed cupboard and pulled out some glasses.  She passed them out to anyone who held out their hand, which was basically me, one other lady, and herself.  We passed the bottle around and poured our own glasses.  The wine was tart and crisp, but had a decent flavor.  After three sips, I realized I hadn’t eaten since lunch, and if I kept this up, I’d be wasted in no time at all.  I wasn’t much of a drinker, and it didn’t take a lot to push me over the edge of intoxication.
I tried to peek out one of the tiny portholes to see if I could spot land.  We zipped along much faster than I had expected and it was far too dark.  There was no way I’d be able to figure out where we were.  A sudden and fleeting moment of fear seized me as I thought about how none of us knew our destination, much less how to get back.  We were now in the hands of our hosts - completely at their mercy if we wanted to make it back home.  My stomach did a little flip-flop - nerves or wine, I couldn’t be sure.
Fiona returned and took a sip out of my glass.  
“Yuck.  I need a beer,” she said making a sour face.
She sauntered over to the fridge and opened a bottle, downing half of it in less than a minute.  I guessed she wanted to get drunk.  
Lindy came and stood near me and whispered, “How long do you think they’ll keep us out here, wherever here is?”
“Not a clue, sis.”  At this point, I didn’t even care; alcohol did that to me.  And since I had no other choice now that we were here, why worry anyway?  I took another sip.  The wine would help to keep me calm.  Maybe I won’t even faint tonight.  That would be a wonderful change.  Lindy stared at me with a glaring question in her eyes.  
“What?”  I asked. I didn’t mean to sound flippant.
“Don’t you want to stay clear-minded and focused tonight?”
“What for?”
“Well, for one thing, if the legends are true, you need to be level-headed to make a decision.  And if they’re not, and we’re all just going to get murdered for no reason at all, you might want to be able to defend yourself for at least a little.”  Lindy looked squishy again.  Her face was squishy now, not just her eyes.  Out of focus - squishy.
I reached over and touched her face, “Melinda, don’t worry about me.  I’ll be fine.  I have a good feeling about tonight.”  A little white lie between sisters was expected now and then; especially if you did it for their own good.  Besides, I was far more worried about her than she needed to be about me.  I glanced down at her cleavage as I took another sip.  I hiccupped.  “Maybe I’ll meet the love of my life tonight!”  
Fiona finally stopped messing with her phone, took a large gulp of beer and smiled at us.  
“I thought you already met him?”  Melinda sounded sarcastic, as usual.
My heart sped up at the thought of Emrys.  I could see his eyes peering into my soul, reading my thoughts.  I could see his long rich onyx hair flowing down from his head and his shoulders.  His red lips, his chiseled nose and chin.  If I were an artist, I could paint him from memory.  If I were a songwriter, I could write poetry about his beauty and put it to music.  If I were a writer, I could write volumes of books about his eyes.  If I were a seductress, I could...
Lindy grabbed my arm.  “Hello!  Earth to Lizzy!”  I blinked at her and took another drink.  Just thinking about him got me all hot and bothered.  I had never even kissed him; for all I knew, he was an awful kisser.  Nah, that wasn’t possible.  I had seen his lips...they were soft and full, definitely kissable lips.
“She’s at it again.”  Fiona laughed.
“She’s toast,” Melinda added with a grin.
Captain Red was back. But she was not alone.  A tall man dressed in a dark metallic gray suit stepped forward. His sandy-blond hair came just to his shoulders.  I noticed that Captain Red now stayed in the background deferring to this man.  They both held their coats in their arms, making me believe we were just about to our destination.  I downed my glass and buttoned up.
“Yippee, we’re almost there!”  I whispered to my girls.  
The man cleared his throat and said in a raised voice, “Good evening everyone.  My name is Larkin and I have to go over the rules with you now.”  He waited until he had everyone’s full attention.  
“First of all, is there anyone here who has never heard of the vampire, or Raven legends?”  Everyone was silent.  Even though I never heard them called that before, I assumed they were one and the same.
“No one...very well then. There may be a few misconceptions surrounding the legends, and I would like to clear some of them up for you.  Number one, and most important of all, we do not go around killing humans at random - we don’t kill them at all.  
“Once every ten years we have a gathering - as you will soon encounter.  During these gatherings, the humans who attend have been drawn to our lifestyle.  Although some of them come for the enjoyment of dining, drinking, and dancing for one evening only, there are often a few of those generous guests who decide to stay on for a while longer - as a donor.  Those that choose to donate their life force are paid in return with free room and board, lavish lifestyles and many extra benefits.  Of course, each human is free to choose any of the latter options.  Occasionally, we encounter a human who wishes to become a Raven who has not been chosen.  I shall explain the term, ‘being chosen,’ in a few moments, but first I must make a few things clear and I admonish you all to pay close attention.  You will not be able to say you were not warned.”
Captain Red had an uncomfortable look on her face. She glanced around, watching us as the man continued loud and clear.
“If a human becomes a Raven, and he or she then mates with another Raven, they will be mated for life - or in this case for eternity.  You must exercise the utmost caution in this matter.  If you should decide to go through the process, be aware that, for some, the propensity to mate can become an extreme temptation.  During transition the mortal body merging into the Raven body tends to short circuit temporarily, making one less inhibited.  This unrestrained attitude is similar to what many humans feel when drinking alcohol to excess.”  I glanced down at the empty glass in my hand.
“In these situations, however, there is so much more at stake, and I cannot overemphasize this point enough.  You must be crystal-clear on this, so let me repeat myself:  If you choose to mate during or immediately after your transformation, it will be for all eternity.  You will have no choice in the matter.  These bonds are stronger than any human marriage you have ever encountered.  Divorce does not exist in our world.”  
He glanced from face to face as though waiting for this information to sink in. The silence in the room made the engine sound louder, and for the first time, I noticed the creaking of the yacht. 
“If you believe that your attendance to our gathering tonight came from a random invitation, you are mistaken.”  He went on in a quieter tone now.  “Each of you has been hand-picked by a single Raven who has either been drawn to you or felt you would be a benefit to our society, and some are chosen through the Veinvedia. Regardless of the reason you are here, you will not be told who did the choosing.  But if, in fact, the Raven has made the wise choice, you-will-meet.  That is the mystery of the Veinvedia: it shall lead you to your chosen one.  As you can imagine, the outcome of these gatherings can be wonderful for all.  As understood, not all of our guests will wish to participate in anything other than the socialization - the actual party.  
“We are the fortunate ones if you should choose to give of yourselves in any way.  There will be no coercing tolerated and no hints given away.  There could, however, be some broken hearts.  When a Raven puts his Signatus on his chosen mortal, the chances greatly increase for both of them to find a perfect love; a love that passes all understanding.  Although rare, it can be a beautiful thing.  If the human wishes to join with us there is rejoicing, if not, well - use your imagination.”  
I peeked at Captain Red just as she licked her dark lips.  I was curious to know if she had chosen one of the men standing here with us, most of which had their mouths hanging open since she entered the room.  If she had, she hid it well.  I also wondered how the Ravens would get their supply of blood if no one ever joined or donated.
“To answer another question: Yes, we need blood to survive, though we can and do eat food as well.  The blood gives us our strength and our ability to do the extraordinary things, which you will learn about in time. Some of you may call these paranormal activities.  Without this life force from humans, we would be weak, though still immortal because of the blood already in our veins.  I understand this is a lot to take in and digest in such a short time. As the evening progresses, you will be free to ask questions of any Raven in attendance, and they will help you in any area of misunderstanding.  For now, if there are any further questions, please check out the pamphlet that you shall receive shortly.  And remember:  the reason these rules are in place is for your own protection.” 
The little man from the dock passed out the pamphlets to us.  Up close he looked completely human, but he never said a word.
Larkin left the room then, followed closely by Captain Red.  It was quite obvious all the men followed her steps with their eyes.  I’d bet each one of them wished she was their secret admirer.
I opened the booklet that was placed in my hand and paged through it.  It listed all the human rules, and then all the vampire rules.  There was even a frequently asked questions page which I scanned through half-heartedly, hoping no one caught me rolling my eyes.  Some of the questions grabbed my attention, but I had no interest in reading the whole thing.  There was a lot I did not understand, and I probably should have read the whole booklet, but after reading number one I skimmed over the first page and then flipped through the rest of the pages at random.  I suppose I was being stubborn, but the whole idea of a rulebook seemed a bit corny to me.  Of course, the cover of the pamphlet was blood red and the title in another language.
Q. What is The Veinvedia?  
A.  The Veinvedia comes through our Prophetess.  It is her blood vision that allows her to know a Raven’s chosen one.
Q.  What is the Signatus?
A.  The Signatus is the mark that the Raven puts on his chosen mortal. Some simply call it the Sign. A human can be chosen by a Raven with or without benefit of The Veinvedia.  The Veinvedia however, gives assurance of the perfect choice.
Q.  How do you know you have a Sign, and how do you go about finding the Raven who put it there?
A.  Some humans are attuned to this mystery.  Their intuition guides them correctly.  Some are drawn to their Raven subconsciously.
Q.  Is this the only time a Raven can find a mate?
A. No, just the only time a Raven can put his Sign on a human mate.  
Q.  Can a human and a Raven mate?
A.  The human must give consent.
Q.  Will a Raven ever bite a human without consent?
A. It is against all our rules during this forty-eight hour period; however, we cannot and do not control all vampires that are not members of our own Raven society.
Q. If we speak of the gathering once it’s over, will we be killed?
A. Absolutely not.  Your choosing to trust us by coming to our gathering requires us, in turn, to trust you to keep our affairs private.  
I closed the book and glanced at Lindy.  Her mouth hung open as she continued reading.  I looked over at Fiona.  Her beaming smile reminded me of a cat in heat.  She winked at me as her grin grew even wider.
Barely able to contain her excitement, she flipped from page to page looking up at me and repeating, “I told you so!” after every page or two.  With this new permanent smile plastered on her glowing face, I found myself hoping she would find her perfect mate tonight.  Although I was sure I didn’t want to lose her friendship, I’d never seen her look this happy in my life.  
I didn’t read any more, but I wondered if anything had been written about leaving your old life behind - forever.  Perhaps we could invite old friends once every ten years, just to show off our youthfulness.  It would be like a school reunion where all your friends got old and crotchety, and you still looked like a million dollars.  That would be fun!
The motors started winding down and the boat began to slow.  Within a few minutes, we’d be surrounded by vampires.  Vampires who called themselves Ravens.  The evening was about to get even weirder.  And they promised us a good time, good food and drink.  All we had to do was trust them to follow all the rules, and we could come out of this quite well.  Or, we could become one of them.  I already knew Fiona’s decision. She’d been waiting for this for years.  Lindy just wanted to party and nothing more.  She had told us that – in no uncertain terms - that she intended to remain exactly as she was.  Me - that was a different story.  I was conflicted, confused, and ambiguous.  Someone else should make this decision for me.  Or I could wait another ten years and hope to be invited again.  Not bloody likely.  Good choice of words, I thought, chuckling softly to myself.  
The boat stopped and began to roll with the wave from the wake it created.  It made me quite nauseous.  I pulled my coat tight around my flimsy, short, cobalt blue dress, took a deep breath, and stepped out into the night air.

Chapter 8
Midnight Masquerade
We walked with great caution down the long wooden pier.  Women in high-heels stepping upon planks of wood with gaps between them make for a slow and careful pace.  Stepping as though I walked on a tight rope, I didn’t dare look up again until my feet were back on solid ground.  In the shadows of the dim parking lot, two large limousines waited with doors already open and motors idling.  Both drivers stood at attention, ready and waiting.  When the fog rolled in, it added to the eerie stillness that already existed.  The clammy mist hid all the sharp outlines of everything around us - visibility reduced to nothing more than vague shapes and movements.  By the look of relief on a few faces, I wasn’t alone in my feelings as we climbed into the lighted vehicle.  
The drive took about ten minutes, although the tinted windows, bright interior lights, and dense fog made any hope of scenic views quite impossible.  All we could do was sit and look at one another- each soul lost in his or her thoughts.  As for me, my thoughts kept on going back to the nagging feeling that, more than likely, we had made a major mistake in coming tonight.
Finally, the vehicles stopped.  When the doors were opened the sound of light Celtic music filled the air.  Melodies from violins, piano and flutes rolled in like waves on the ocean.  The arrangement had such a beautiful and calming effect that within moments the soft dreamy music managed to ease some of my apprehension.  
The air was clear and dry here, farther inland.  A warm, gentle breeze drifted through my hair bringing the aroma of flowers at every movement:  roses, lilacs, lavender.  Each step seemed to fill my senses with another lovely fragrance.
I craned my neck up at the building we were about to enter.  It was massive - at least five stories high and huge pillars lined either side of the entryway.  The two doors of heavy oak were both open and bright light flowed out onto the wide cement stairway.  I counted twenty before we reached the top, and the music became louder at each step.  We followed Captain Red inside to a vast foyer which seemed larger than our entire dorm building.  A massive double stairway on either side, each a half circle, rounded the foyer and led to places unknown.  Hanging from the ceiling in the middle of all this space was a beautiful crystal chandelier the size of Fiona’s car.  Two gentlemen in tuxedos took our coats and we were brought to a parlor on the right side of the stairway.  In this room, there was a fireplace so large a person could stand upright in it.  
A familiar painting hung on the wall above the mantle, and I stared, marveling at its strange beauty:  Brilliant orange streaks burned across the sky as a thin man walked on a pier beside deep blue swirling waters.  Far in the distance, two dark figures can be seen coming toward him. The man appears to be holding his face in his hands, or perhaps covering his ears, but has a most agonizing expression and wide open mouth: the epitome of fear.  I thought this quite ironic, that a painting with the most befitting name, The Scream, would be displayed in a room where vampires and humans would meet.  Perhaps the artist, Edvard Munch, had experienced such terror as the man in his painting did.
After a while, I was finally able to tear my eyes away from the ominous picture and take in the rest of the scenery.  So far - no vampires.  The room was filled with chairs and sofas, soft lighting and elegant decorations.  Women servers dressed in black uniforms edged in crisp, lacy trim and little white aprons started flitting about handing out glasses of champagne to everyone.  After a few moments of nervous mingling, Captain Red entered the room.  It then occurred to me - we didn’t even know her name.
Her bright smile surprised me, and after getting our complete attention, she said, “Welcome to our gathering.  Let me introduce myself.  My name is Amrita.”  
She then went on to explain what would take place for the first half of the evening.  It was to be a masquerade ball where we’d be so disguised no one would be able to tell who was who, whether human or Raven, simply to get everyone to relax.  I saw my sister frown and shake her head.  I could see she wasn’t happy at the thought of having wasted so much time on her hair and makeup, only to mess it up wearing facemasks or wigs.  I personally thought it was a grand idea.  It would help us to relax, and we’d able to talk to the Ravens and not think so much about the fact that they were vampires.  Just because Captain Red - Amrita, told us they weren’t allowed to do certain things here, didn’t mean there couldn’t be a rogue vampire who refused to follow the rules.  The very thought of villainous vampires sent a quick chill all through me.  
Fiona leaned toward me and whispered, “Don’t you just love the way she talks?”
I hadn’t noticed, but now that she mentioned it there was a slight cross between a Scottish and an English accent, although just with some of her words.  I supposed she could be trying to reinvent herself, or maybe she only wanted to blend in with us non-accented Americans.  Regardless, I was intrigued by the idea of costumes- not accents.
Soon we were led one by one up to a large room on the second floor where we were allowed to choose from an enormous selection.  Costumes and evening gowns from every era in time filled dozens of racks.  Wigs and shoes, and jewelry and masks of every sort filled rows of shelves.  There was so much to pick from, it became one of those tasks that I hated.  Finally, I asked the wardrobe lady, who had introduced herself as Constance, to please choose for me.  She was more than happy to help.  As she looked me up and down for size, she explained how she had worked for a wardrobe company that did costumes for movie stars before she retired, and that she’d taken this part time job just for fun more than anything.  I couldn’t help but wonder if she was a vampire.  She seemed very nice and looked normal enough with her silvery white hair and soft gray eyes.  If she was one of them, her transformation must have taken place after her retirement, but there was no way I could ask such a question.  
Ten minutes later, standing in front of the mirror, I could not believe my eyes.  I wore a brilliant red dress from the early eighteen hundreds - so low cut that my breasts pushed up and spilled half way out, and so tight all through the upper half that I was sure if I took too deep of a breath I’d pop all the buttons.  I twirled around to see the back, suddenly feeling very much like a southern bell.  My shoulders were bare; the sleeves began mid-arm and were puffy to the elbow.  Around my waist she wrapped a wide black satin ribbon matching the two large bows on either side of the dress near my hips.  There were rubies and garnets sewn into the material, making it glittery and shiny.  Each time I turned back to face the mirror, the material made a swishing sound like fine satin.  The bodice formed a v in the front, tight to my navel, and the bottom of the dress blossomed out like an umbrella with large satiny ruffles all around and to the floor. I looked exactly like Scarlett O’Hara - dressed for the ball.  Constance then put a black choker around my neck with a giant ruby right at the front of my throat and she handed me a pair of black lace gloves.
“What about my hair?”  I asked.
She opened a drawer and pulled out one wig after the other until we found one I liked.  It wasn’t easy getting all my hair to cooperate and stay under, but we managed somehow.  The wig had brown curls piled up on top in an old-fashioned style.  Constance placed a large red bow in the back.  Lastly, she produced a southern bell mask: pale-faced, pink cheeks and red lips, and was decorated with red feathers on either side.  The only thing visible of the real me were my eyes...and half of my boobs!  I guessed I could pull this off since it was assumed that no one should recognize me.  I stepped into the tiny little slippers of red, put my mask on, and swished down the stairway in an outlandish display of skin and crimson.  Now giddy with excitement, it felt like I was on my way to a real ball.
At the bottom of the stairway another gentleman showed me to a hallway that opened to an actual ballroom!  It was the size of a football field.  There were already people out on the dance floor, the violin music long gone, and in its place a band played from the corner of the far end of the room.  The music was upbeat, similar to what was played at our pub.  
Tables lined both sides of the room; each held vases of fresh flowers and candles.  There were pillars all along each side between the tables, and on each pillar hung old- fashioned kerosene lamps with real flames that burned bright.  They cast light enough to see, but I wondered how safe we could be surrounded by so much fire. 
I made my way toward the tables and was immediately accosted by Captain Jack Sparrow.  This particular man attempted to mimic the way my favorite pirate spoke when he asked me to dance.  Even though he made me laugh, I politely declined.  He scooted across the dance floor and began to pester Cleopatra.  I arrived at a table before another character could bother me with ideas of dancing, but then I realized I had no idea how I’d ever be able to sit in this dress.  If I bent over, I was sure to rip open the seams, and if I tried to sit, the fullness of the dress would surely envelope me completely.  I stood there like a fool not knowing what to do.  I tried to bend at the knees and reach for a glass of wine that was already on the table - with absolutely no success.  Before I could completely grasp the stem, my finger pushed the glass over - spilling the red liquid all over the crisp white tablecloth. 
“Flaming hell!”  I whispered under my breath, embarrassed beyond belief.  But then I remembered I wore a mask and no one could see my blushing red face.  By the time I stood up straight and took a step back, a crew of three servers appeared out of nowhere, whipped off the place settings and the stained linen, replacing everything all in about three seconds flat.  They were good.
Just before they left the accident scene, a man dressed as a roaring twenties gangster came along and stood in front of me holding two glasses of wine.  He wore a pinstriped suit, a black shirt and white tie, a mask that had a big red scar down the side of his face with a scruffy beard painted on it.  He held his plastic machine-gun under his arm until I relieved him of one of the glasses. I thanked him from under my mask, wondering. How did they expect us to drink out of the freaking glasses?  Just then a server appeared with a basket full of straws.  Cute - drinking wine through straws... just what I always wanted to try.  They had thought of everything.
“Hello Madam,” my suitor tipped his hat.
“Hi.”  My muffled words sounded ridiculous.  “Are we allowed to give our names, yet?”
“I don’t see why not.  My name is Steven.  Would you care to dance, Miss Scarlett?  It’s an offer you can’t refuse!”  He used a gravelly voice, trying to sound like the Godfather.
I curtsied and said, “Why, mercy me, Steven, I don’t rightly think so.”  My southern drawl was amateurish, but he chuckled nevertheless.  “I’m not much of a dancer.”  I went back to my normal dialect.  “My name is Lizzy, though I really do feel like Scarlett tonight.”
“Well, that’s a shame, Lizzy.  I would love to twirl you around in that most exquisite of dresses.  You look absolutely ravishing.”  
Of course, I noticed his eyes were mostly on my chest.  Annoyed and bored, I brushed off his compliment like a piece of lint, and began looking around to see if I could pick out either my sister or Fiona and have a real conversation.  There were many more people here now - I guessed about fifty to sixty.  It would be hard to pick them out in a costume.  But I had already figured out that this gangster was Random Steve, the guy who invited Fiona.  Not intriguing at all and a bit of a pest.
“Well, Miss Scarlett, I believe I will venture out and see if I can’t find myself another flower that does enjoy dancing.”
I curtsied again and nodded my head.  And he was gone.  Thank goodness.  I stood with my back to one of the pillars sipping through my straw watching the dancers.  The Grinch and Princess Leia whirled by in a breeze.  Across the room, I saw Pocahontas dancing with Spiderman, and then random Steve, the gangster, tapped his shoulder and cut in.  He didn’t waste any time at all.
There were angels and fairies, cowboys and Indians - all the usual costumes seen at masquerade parties.  I was quite surprised, however, when I saw a man dressed as Count Dracula, considering where we were.  He was tall and wore all black, except for a gold vest.  His mask even had fangs showing blood dripping down the side of the mouth.  His cape was black on the outside with golden threads woven through, and the inside was blood red.  He stood motionless on the other side of the dance floor, leaning against a pillar looking around exactly as I was.  Maybe he wished he hadn’t picked that exact costume and felt stupid, thinking it better to hold still and be seen by few rather than to mingle and be seen by all.
He turned his head to the sound when loud laughter came from his right.  It was a woman dressed as Elvira sitting at a table with a few more people.  This had to be Fiona. Although the laugh was muffled, I recognized it as hers.  It made sense that she’d pick a dark, Goth woman since that’s exactly what she wanted to become.  I toyed with the idea of strolling over to her side of the room to see if I could hear her talking.  I would have to walk all the way around the room to keep from disturbing the dancers on the floor.  Which direction would be shorter?  Left or right?  I examined both routes and decided to go left.  I took a few more sips of wine almost emptying the glass - one accidental spill was enough, and began my journey.  Within two steps I noticed that light-headed feeling and thought I needed to slow down on the drinking.
On my way around the perimeter of the room I spotted Santa Claus, Peter Pan, and Elvis.  I turned my head back over my shoulder when one of the funniest costumes caught my eye: Napoleon Dynamite wearing dorky plaid sweat pants and crazy red hair, and his mouth hanging open wide.  Not watching where I was going, I plowed headfirst into the chest of the scariest and ugliest creature of all time: an evil-looking clown, similar to one I’d seen in a movie.  A killer-clown, no less.  He was beyond hideous.  And I hated clowns.  
I gasped, just as much surprised as frightened, and he grabbed my arm to keep me from falling over.  I felt a twinge of electric current run through my arm, though his hand was gloved to resemble one of those giant fake hands.  And even though his voice came soft and gentle, I couldn’t stand how his face looked with those giant red eyebrows arched up well into his forehead and the huge grin of a red mouth plastered on such a chalky white face.
“I am so sorry,” he said with a slight nod, still holding my arm. 
He had such a deep voice that I thought he should have dressed up as Darth Vader.
With a gentle tug, I eased my arm back saying, “That’s okay.  I wasn’t watching where I was going.”
“My name is Rohan,” he said with a slight bow.
“I’m Lizzy,” I said, clearing my throat and looking past him.  I couldn’t look at his face.  It was just too repulsive. 
“Would you like to dance, my lovely Scarlett?” he asked.  “I haven’t seen you out there yet.”  Another one calling me Scarlett.  How adorable.
“Ah, no thanks.”  I looked down at my hands.
“Oh, come now.  I think we would fit together quite well.”  In his attempt to be seductive, he reached out and stroked my arm using only one finger.  I felt a flicker of goose-bumps travel up my arm, and thought if it wasn’t for his stupid costume, this would be a serious case of temptation.  Something about him seemed familiar in a weird, uncanny way, which made no sense to me at all.  But he was so grotesque - there was no way I could even stand to have a conversation with him.
“I’m on my way over there to speak with another guest, but perhaps later?”  I didn’t want to seem rude just because he was so ugly; he may very well be an awesome guy –without the mask.
“Well then, perhaps I shall see you later.”  He bowed and began to walk away.  Two steps later, he turned his head glancing over his shoulder – totally giving me the creeps and chills all at once.  Damn clowns ruining everything.
I continued on, this time watching and looking ahead at all times, hurrying to the table where I had seen Elvira.  She was gone.  Great, now what?  I looked over the dance floor and spotted her dancing with one of the Three Stooges.  That could be why she had been laughing; perhaps the guy thought he was a real comedian.
A voice from behind me said in a scratchy, annoying way, “It vill not be long now.”
I turned to see that the voice had come from the Count himself.  Still leaning on the pillar looking out at the dance floor, he did not turn his head, nor look in my direction.  His arms were crossed on his chest and, other than his foot tapping to the music, he was mostly still.
“Okay, thanks.” I said, rolling my eyes at his odd comment.  I didn’t know what else to say.  He didn’t seem all that interesting and at first, I wasn’t even sure if he had been talking to me.  Only his head moved as he watched people dance by; he seemed quite bored.
It occurred to me then that perhaps I had been assuming things.
“Are you talking to me?” I asked, and then took a long sip from my straw, now emptying my glass.  
He looked at me for a moment and said, “I saw you glance over vhen you heard your friend laughing.  I saw vhen you spilled your vine.”  His voice came across raspy and low and it seemed like he enjoyed making fun of me and all of my mishaps.  At first I couldn’t get over how strange he acted, but then I realized he’d been trying to sound like he was from Transylvania.  Great, another weirdo.
“What’s with all the interest in watching me?”  Not that he was looking at me now; his eyes were everywhere but on me.
He snickered under his mask before he said, “You are rather hard to miss in that enticing red dress! 
The way he said ‘enticing’ made me want to cover myself up.  His attitude annoyed me to no end, and I didn’t bother to respond to his comment.  
“I also saw you bump into Rohan,” he added.  “Why did you decline his request?”  
“I don’t see how that should concern you,” I snapped. “I don’t see you out there either.  It doesn’t seem like you’re enjoying yourself at all there, Count.  Why don’t you try dancing or something instead of just standing around making fun of people?”
“I do not care much for parties,” he sighed, completely ignoring my question.
He still sounded hoarse and kept on doing the accent, yet he spoke distinctly, sounding out every syllable and word as though he read it off of a script.  The more he annoyed me, the redder my face got.  It burned just as much from anger as from heat.  I wondered how much longer we had to wear these absurd plastic faces.  And why was this guy so evasive and irritating, and how did he know who the hideous clown was anyway?
I managed to keep my voice even and steady and asked, “So why are you even here then?”  
“I did not have a choice.  It is The Veinvedia.”  
I kept an eye on him while we spoke, but his preoccupation in watching out for someone else became obvious; his head continued to scan over the dance floor.  Just then I spotted Fiona dance by and waved at her, calling her name.  She craned her head my way and waved back.  I scanned the room again, looking for Melinda, assuming that she would have, most likely, chosen a skimpy outfit for her costume; she’d be upset having to discard her sexy dress for this insanity.  At first I considered the Hooter’s girl.  No, too chubby.  Then I caught sight of Little Red Riding Hood.  The cute little dress was short and low cut in front; the hooded cape was red and covered her whole head; the mask was of a little girl with a huge grin.  In her right hand she held a little basket.  That had to be her.  I knew those legs.  After all they were the same as mine.
I waved when she glanced toward me, and she waved back and grabbed her partner, pulling him to the side of the floor, and edging closer to where we stood.  I wasn’t happy to see that she had been dancing with none other than my discarded clown.  He stood with his hands on his hips and an air of impatience.
She bent forward and whispered, “Lizzy?”  
“Of course, silly.”  I giggled and then asked, “Have you seen Fiona yet?”  I kept my eyes on Melinda so as not to see the ugly clown.  He was glaring at me now.
“No, where is she?  Did she find her soul mate yet?” she asked sardonically. 
“She’s dressed like Elvira.”  I did a quick scan of the dance floor and then pointed to the far corner near the band.  “See her long black wig?”  I ignored her other question.
“Oh wow! I thought that had to be one of the Ravens the way she was acting.  I guess she’s really ready then; she fits right in!”  Lindy quipped.
I sensed her clown was getting restless, though I still could not bring myself to look at his face.  He remained silent and now had his arms folded across his chest, but his sigh was loud and a blatant sign of boredom.  The Count had been listening to our whole conversation as well, but he had his eyes on the ugly clown man.  I couldn’t for the life of me understand why Lindy danced with him - he had such a horrifying face.  Eventually his throat clearing convinced her to finish their dance, and he whisked her away in a fury.  
A few moments later, Fiona came by to chat.  She brought her new friend, still in Stooge costume.  
“Lizzy?”  She lifted her mask up and peeked out at me.
“Yes, it’s me.” I nodded.
“This is Rufus,” she said as she took his hand in hers.  “Rufus, meet my best friend in the whole world.”  
She was fidgety, excitable, and spoke louder than usual.  It made me think he was the one.  He took my hand, sending a slight shock with his greeting - static electricity from dancing near Fiona, I guessed.  The layers of her dress flowed with black silky material - quite revealing and sexy, and extremely static.
“Hello, Elizabeth.”  As he said my name his eyes inadvertently darted toward the Count, and then back to me, and I wondered if they knew each other.  “Are you with anyone yet?”  He asked in a polite manner, but caught me off guard.
“No, am I supposed to be?”  I knew that came off sarcastic, but the man standing before me could be the guy who’d be taking Fiona away from me.  It would be hard to feel anything positive toward him.
“We don’t force anyone to couple off, but it tends to happen more often than not.”  
He was one of them then - with my Fiona.  Did she realize who he was, or did she plan to keep looking?  I excused myself and pulled her aside for a moment.  
“Fiona,” I whispered softly, “Is he the one?”
She lifted her mask so I could see her face and as soon as she did, I knew the answer.  She had the hugest grin, her eyes were softer than I’d ever seen them, moist with tears, and her head went up and down like a bobble-head.  
“He’s already shown me his face!” she whispered, “and he is gorgeous.  He has the exact color red hair as mine, and after I asked him if he would please change me tonight, we took off our masks and he kissed me!”
I was confused.  How did this happen so fast?  They didn’t even know each other. What’s with the kissing?  I thought he was just supposed to change her, not kiss her.  Maybe I should have read more of the booklet they passed out earlier.  I lifted my mask - it was so humid and hot under there.  I didn’t care anymore, and I knew she saw the puzzled look on my face.
“Lizzy, it’s the thing they called ‘being chosen’ and it makes sense once you decide to be turned.  I had a feeling I was supposed to be here!  If you choose correctly, and find the one who has chosen you and prepared the way for you to be here tonight, you just know.  It’s like it’s supposed to happen.”  
Fiona appeared happier than I had ever seen her and now she’d be getting her cake and, presumably, eating it too.  A small part of me was envious, and I began to wish I could find my perfect someone.  My next thought was about Emrys, and how I wished we had found him and invited him.  I tried to convince myself it really didn’t matter, until I pictured him hitting on some other college girl this exact minute.  I had gotten myself so worked up thinking about it; I never heard the rest of Fiona’s words.  Before I could stop her, she was off to the dance floor on Rufus’ arm.
I stood there dumbfounded, feeling sorry for myself.  I watched Melinda twirl by with the ugly clown.  His head kept turning my way and I couldn’t tell what he was looking at.  It could have been either me or the Count, who still leaned against the pillar.
I thought about asking the Count to dance, more so to erase the feelings of utter depressing solitude than the actual desire to dance.  But when I turned, I realized that he and Captain Red.... Amrita that was it, were in the middle of a conversation.  They seemed to be arguing.  Their discussion was in low tones but the words sounded sharp.  
“I do wish you would re-think your wardrobe, Amrita.  I may be out of bounds now, but this new fad of yours is a bit much.  The least you should do is to cover yourself – even more so when you are around the Newlings.”  He put his hand on his chest.  
“You are out of bounds. The way I dress is not your concern.  Perhaps you could better spend your time in other pursuits.”  She sounded mildly agitated, but kept her composure in check.  My eyes were drawn to the sparkly V of her dress, drawn down and back up; still amazed by the way it clung to her.  At the top near her left breast, peeking out of the dress was a tattoo of a small black raven. 
“Elizabeth!”  She startled me out of my gaze when she turned away from him without warning and focused on me.  She touched my shoulder for a fleeting moment - another static shock.  “You look simply lovely!  Are you enjoying yourself dear?”
“Sure.”  I said, trying not to sound sarcastic.  Although I was amazed she had such a good memory.  I had told her my name hours ago, and my mask... I touched my face; I had kept it off after Fiona left me in the dust.  A jasmine scented breeze blew by, and we both looked to the source; it was Lindy, now dancing with the Big Bad Wolf.  How appropriate.  And, for some strange reason I felt relieved she had discarded the clown.  
“Hey!  Watch out Lindy - he’ll bite you if you’re not careful!”  I laughed at my own joke, but Amrita showed no expression at all.  “Oh, I’m sorry, was that out of line?”  I asked, wondering if vampires had feelings at all like humans.
“No, no, don’t worry your sweet little head off.  It’s perfectly fine.  We understand your ways are not our ways.  We try not to judge.”  She turned a sweet smile toward the Count, and as an afterthought said, “Say!  Why don’t you two go have some fun?”  
She took my hand and then took the Count’s hand and placed them together.  I wasn’t sure if the electrical current started with Amrita or not, but I felt an even stronger surge as his hand closed on mine.  One minute she’s arguing with him, and the next she’s forcing him to dance - another weird one.  I supposed it would be better than standing around like a wallflower or being accosted by ugly clowns, so I allowed him to lead me out to the floor.  I was grateful it was a slow dance; that I could handle.  As we glided around the room, my feet barely touched the ground.  He seemed quite good at this even though his personality definitely lacked any pizazz.  I looked up at his mask a few times, but he kept on looking around, ahead or behind – always searching for someone else.  Now that I had my mask off, maybe he thought I was hideous.  Certainly my makeup looked atrocious after melting in the plastic sauna.  
“My sister is right about one thing.  You do look lovely,” he said softly.  
His compliment took me off guard and, even though he’d gotten rid of his fake accent, his whispering continued to annoy me. And what was this tingly sensation on my back and my right hand? 
“You seem a bit out of character now!”  I said feeling snarky.  “But thanks for the compliment.  You were a little rude earlier.”
“I am sorry.  As I mentioned before, I do not care much for these parties.  I would much prefer to choose my mate on my own.  Some of our practices are quite outdated.  For example, in your world, the two of us could just go upstairs and have our own private party.  I believe we would have a smashing good time of it, and I...”
I tensed up as he spoke, and when I jerked my head he stopped in his tracks.  Not another player, please God!  What made this guy think I’d just run right upstairs with him.  And I had just started to think that maybe he wasn’t such a big jerk after all. So much for the phony compliment.
“I am sorry. I spoke out of line.  I did not mean to assume anything.  I simply meant to give you an example of our differing societies.”  
His whispered apology sounded sincere and I relaxed again.  
Still gliding me across the floor, he glanced down for a moment and said, “Not only are you quite lovely to behold, I am astounded by your beauty.  In all honesty, if I did have a choice, I would fancy someone like you.”
“But because of the rules, you are not allowed to even suggest that, are you?” 
“I do grow tired of these rules and regulations we must abide by, and I often wish things could go back as they used to be - before the Ravens changed everything.”
“You don’t mean to say that…like… when you used to… kill humans?”  My words came out like a stuttering shiver and it traveled all though my body.
“No,” he said stifling a chuckle.  “I am referring to all the rules of the Gathering.  The human must seek you out; they must ask to be turned.  Everything is up to them.  These rules and regulations tend to be so very trying and unchanging.  We used to be able to tell the humans we had chosen them; there was less heartache that way.  I believe our females had too much say in the matter once the feminine movement got under way in the early nineteen hundreds.  It affected us as well as you humans.  I have seen it enough to know: once was enough for me.”
“So you’re saying your heart was broken?”
“It was a long time ago.”  He gave a slight nod as he explained, “She never knew I existed, but the feelings I felt were strong.  I thought I had obeyed all the rules.  I entered her world for a while and I watched her living her life.  But when she came to the Gathering, she chose another. They live in Australia now.”  He cleared his throat.  “I was told it was not meant to be, that I had chosen the wrong girl.  I should have gone to the prophetess first.  This Gathering is my first in over fifty years.”
“But you are over her now?”  I asked, now thinking more about the prophetess.
“By all means.  I would not be able to love another otherwise.”  
It dawned on me then why he had seemed so preoccupied, “So you’ve found another?”
“I have indeed.”  His gravelly voice grated on my nerves.
He glanced down at me for a moment, and then looked away, up over my head.  I wished he would take off his mask so I could see what he looked like before he ran off with his “chosen mate.” 
“What’s your name?”  I asked.
“I go by many names, but until my mate chooses me, I must continue in this masquerade.”  He breathed a heavy sigh.
“This is really stupid, you know.  How can anyone expect to find their perfect mate without even seeing them?  I don’t see why all the secrecy has to be so...”  I stopped myself and said, “Well, maybe I shouldn’t be dancing with you then.  How can she find you, if I’m in the way?”
“They say the two will be drawn to one another.”  His flat tone made me think he didn’t believe it himself.
“Well, then, it’s settled,” I said as I stopped dancing and glanced up at his synthetic face. “I need to get out of the way.”  I certainly didn’t want to be the one to get in the way of his destiny.
“As you wish.”  His subdued whisper emitted a flicker of frustration, but the passive shrug said he wouldn’t argue.  The minute he let go of my hand I felt waves of sadness.
I turned away downcast, went to the closest table and jammed myself down into the chair.  I didn’t care if my dress came up around my ears, I had to get off of my feet and I couldn’t take any more rejection.  I never looked back to see which way the Count had gone, but he definitely had not followed me either.
A waiter came and asked me if I was ready to be served, and that’s when I realized the hollowness in my stomach – partly hunger and partly frustration.  Many others now sat around the tables eating.  A few moments later, Fiona and Rufus joined me and ordered their meals.
As I waited for my food, feeling so much like a third wheel, I noticed that Rufus reminded me of the man in the boat.  Larkin was blonde and clean-shaven, but I supposed they could be related.
Within moments, platters of sizzling hot fillet mignon were brought out along with baked potatoes, salads and baskets of hot buttery bread.  I looked at Fiona, half expecting to see her scowling.  She had already transferred her meat to Rufus’ plate and started eating her salad.  I was reminded of the last time we had eaten lunch together, discussing this party. And here we were - she was right: the legends were real.
I watched them for a while as they ate. With absolute giddiness they fed one another, held hands, giggled and kissed repeatedly.  I couldn’t decide what sickened me more; the lovebirds, or my overwhelming envy.  
I cut into my steak and took a taste; it melted in my mouth.  It was grilled to perfection, juicy and rare, exactly the way I like it.  I guessed they knew everything about us somehow.  Right now I didn’t care.  I just wanted to fill the empty place in my stomach, and I dug into my meal with abandon.
I glanced up and saw Melinda at another table sitting between two men without masks.  How weird.  She giggled and laughed, obviously enjoying herself.  So much for her not wanting to be here.  I enjoyed the meal, but an ever-increasing sense of gloom started to creep up around me like ugly weeds.  Unbelievable as it seemed, I was about to lose my best friend.  And if my sister enjoyed herself too much, perhaps she’d change her mind as well.  I began to wish I had never heard of the damn legends.  I continued eating in silence.
After scanning the entire football field of a room, I noticed only a few people still wore their masks.  What die-hards.  I chuckled to myself - some of them were already dead, more or less.  Rohan, the clown man, sat at a table with one male and two females.  I watched him as he took off his mask to eat. Thank God! As he set the mask down on the table beside his plate he turned his head toward me and gave me a slight nod.  Not a bad looking guy without the disguise.  He had a full head of wavy brown hair that came just past his shoulders, a thin mustache and trim goatee.  Not bad at all, but not my type - as if I had a type. I was kidding myself again.  I didn’t have a clue what I wanted in a guy.  I sighed, and continued looking around the ballroom.  My short-term gangster friend still had his mask on - he danced with Super Woman now.  Hope it works out for them.
My eyes wandered back to the Count.  Why couldn’t he just tell me his name?  I wouldn’t tell anyone.  He cranked his head all around, still watching and waiting. I noticed that he seemed to keep a close watch on the clown man - Rohan, and every now and then Rohan looked up from his dinner and met the Count’s glance.  
When I finished eating, I thought about going to the ladies room to freshen up, though I had no idea how I would do this wearing such a huge dress.  It seemed like the costume session should be coming to an end soon.  Let’s get on with whatever is next.  Shall we?  
Amrita stood at the front by the band, and the music stopped.  She took the microphone and told us we were free to roam about the building, anywhere but the top two floors, and we could change back into our regular clothes if we desired to do so.  She added that we should refer to our booklets for any questions we may have.  I found it easier to ask questions than to read an instruction book.  
I stood up nearly pushing my chair down when one of the bows from my dress became tangled in the backrest.  I yanked at the material, turned around, and made a beeline over to the Count without even thinking about it.
“What’s next...Count?  Will we be getting out of these costumes soon or what?”
“I cannot, just yet.  But feel free to use the dressing rooms at the top of the stairs.  I shall remain here.”
“Fine.”  I took that as another rejection.  What does it take to get some attention around here?  I walked away, feeling dejected and full of self-pity.  Maybe I’ll just find myself another vampire to flirt with then.  I went upstairs and changed back into my blue dress which was much more comfortable.  I used the ladies room, fixed my hair and makeup; now ready to get on with the rest of the evening.  More than anything, I couldn’t wait to get back home.  Tomorrow I could go meet Emrys at the pub.  I had my fingers crossed hoping he’d be there, but I wasn’t holding my breath.
Before I even made it to the top of the stairs, Rohan stopped me and asked me if I’d like to join him for a glass of wine.  Without the hideous mask, he didn’t seem so bad, and I accepted.  He led me to a smaller, more secluded room where a few couples looked to be quite comfortable, and we sat on a sofa and started to drink our wine.  I could only assume that Rohan had not chosen anyone and only wanted to have a good time and maybe even a little human companionship, though not in the way most humans would expect at all.  I wondered what it would feel like to have him chew on my neck.  I imagined that the initial piercing would hurt somewhat.  But what then, pain or pleasure?  The only way I’d ever find out is to ask.  I wasn’t sure how to word it.  I didn’t want him to prematurely begin to draw my blood, still not completely positive if I wanted this life.  I had to admit: all the vampires I had met so far were beautiful, polite, and gifted with grace.  I felt my will power weaken as the temptation grew.  Most likely the only thing that held me back would be my sister not wanting the same thing as I wanted – at least so far.
“Rohan, tell me about what happens when a human is... turned.”  I asked feeling anxious and shaky.
He touched my hand, which sent a little charge through me.  This reaction made me think something was wrong with me.  Every time I came in contact with anyone lately, they gave me varying degrees of static shocks.  Maybe the high wire tower near to our dorm had some strange effect on me.  I had heard stories about that; even my heart rhythm seemed to be off kilter the past few days.  
“I can tell you from personal experience, Scarlett, I believe that you would love it.”  His voice remained calm but his copper colored eyes bore into me with a fierce desire.
At first thought, it was kind of cute how he still called me Scarlett even without my costume on - until I realized the look in his eyes could be more of a bloodlust.  
“It hurts only a little, at first bite, and then as your life force begins to leave you, there is only peace.”  He made it sound so easy, but how much was he sugarcoating it to make it more appealing?  
I took a deep nervous breath and said, “I see.”
“I assume your decision is still in deliberation then?”  Licking his lips slowly while gazing at my neck; his eyes began to appear metallic.  A sudden dreadful feeling came over me - a feeling of utter fear and repulsion at the same time. 
Heart pounding, I swallowed hard and said, “Yes, the jury is still out on this one.”  Easing farther away from him; I geared up to flee - sensing his impatience with me at once.  His hand brushed over my cheek sending unwelcomed gooseflesh down my spine, and then he swept my hair back - I assumed to get a better view.
“You have a delectable looking neck, I must say.”  He cocked his head to the side – fixated, as though he could see through to the pulsing artery, and he sniffed deeply.  His eyes: now dark pools of molten lava. 
“Are you supposed to say these things to me?”  His preoccupation with my neck made me even more nervous now.
“I have not said anything you don’t already realize yourself.  You are a beautiful woman, and I would be delighted if you chose me to turn you - that’s all.  It is of course, entirely up to you.”  
He sounded condescending now. He ran his finger back and forth on my neck, and his vision focused on his tracing of it.  I took a large sip of wine, brushing his hand aside.  
“I’m sorry Rohan; this is too intense for me right now.  If and when I decide, you’ll be the first to know.  I promise you.”  I was extremely frightened of him, and I needed to leave before he tried something.  I did not trust him one bit.
“So, that’s how it’s going to be,” he said as he watched me get to my feet.  His voice came at me like daggers, quiet but angry, and his narrowed eyes matched his tone.
I was dizzy.  I told him I needed to use the ladies room and as I started to turn to leave he grabbed my wrist with a painful grip.  
“Do make sure you return to me, Scarlett,” he commanded.  “I know I can give you exactly what you need.”  He glared into my eyes.
Not only was I filled with sheer terror, but my anger grew even stronger with his unwelcomed touch.  I wrenched my arm away without another word.  I turned fast on my heel and didn’t look back.  I left him sitting there in what had to be extreme fury, and possibly even agony.  It had to take massive amounts of control for them; knowing that fresh, warm blood flowed within striking distance, so close and yet so far.  I couldn’t help but think he didn’t care much for any of the rules.  I rushed away, all the while hoping he wasn’t following me.  I needed to get away from him right now - as fast as I could.  God help me.

Chapter 9
Let Me Count the Ways
I found my way back into the ballroom where the band still played, now soft music.  The tables had been cleared – except for beautiful bouquets of flowers and an amazing-looking assortment of desserts.  I wandered around slowly, trying to remain inconspicuous, but still wanting at least some company for the duration of this thing.  I thought of Count Whatever his name was, and considered him.  Insipid as he presented himself, his lack of interest in me and in the party made him an appealing and safe choice.
I spotted Fiona and Rufus, now changed back into their street clothes, dancing and laughing, and carrying on like lovebirds. Rufus did have the same red hair as Fiona’s, though it was straight and just below his collar.  He was fair skinned, with a narrow nose and short red goatee.  The way he looked at Fiona made it easy to see he was already in love with her.  How incredible!  He chose her!  And she had been waiting for this for so long, knowing exactly what tonight’s outcome would be.  I had to admit to myself that I was envious of what they had together.  
I strolled over to another doorway, opposite from the one I had come in, hoping to stay as far out of Rohan’s reach as possible.  I had no idea where this door led, but we had been told to feel free to wander.  Captain Amrita came to my mind then.  What an interesting character. What was it that the Count had said in reference to her?  His sister?  Hmm, a vampire family.  Were they born from female vampires then?  I chuckled to myself remembering their tone.  By the way they had been arguing earlier, it was apparent that even vampire siblings sometimes had disagreements.  I supposed that she thought he should just get out there and dance while he, on the other hand, was determined to wait for his chosen one. Vampire drama.  I sighed.  Whatever.  My thoughts were sarcastic and skeptical as I wandered around aimlessly.
Pushing another door open, I found myself in a large informal study.  The cozy fire burning bright in one corner and a few candles were all that illuminated the room.  There were lounge chairs scattered about and on two of the walls oak shelves reached the ceiling, filled with hundreds of books: some of which looked to be rather ancient.  Soft music drifted in from the other room and complimented the mesmerizing crackle of the fire.  The scent of the sweet-burning candles reminded me of another fragrance which I hoped to enjoy tomorrow night - if tomorrow night would ever get here.
I walked over to a large window and gazed outdoors.  A pathway wound around the perimeter of a garden which was filled with all sorts of flowers, sculpted bushes and trees, and a small pond that had a short, cement wall around it.  The entire pathway was lit with old-fashioned lantern stands, and here and there, couples walked leisurely along, some holding hands.  
I couldn’t help but feel conflicted about this whole situation.  On the one hand, this appeared to be completely ridiculous: vampires and carefree humans mingling together, couples strolling along as though this was so completely normal.  And the idea of what they called, “being chosen,” by having a Sign placed on you: how absurd.  It was like I had entered the Twilight Zone.  I sighed as my thoughts collided together.  My mind wandered back to the possibility of immortality, being forever young and healthy, having someone care about me with a perfect and genuine love for all eternity - how tempting indeed.  I drifted deeper into my daydream as I leaned closer to the window, peered out into the night and looked up.  Millions of twinkling stars filled the black sky.  I was instantly reminded of last night at the pub…and Emrys - wow, the way he looked into me.  He certainly gave the impression that he was capable of a perfect and genuine love.  Oh, flaming hell.  I doubt if he’ll even show up tomorrow.  If he does, and he truly meant all that he said to me –oh my God!  Now there’s someone I’d like to be with for all eternity.  I made a wish, whispering to myself, “Star light, star bright, first star I see tonight, I wish I may, I wish I might have this wish I wish tonight.”  I took in a deep breath.  “I wish Emrys and I could experience this kind of love like the Ravens seem to have, always and forever together, even if it means we both have to become like them.”  I sighed with an audible wistfulness. 
All of a sudden it hit me!  If I became a vampire, then I could change Emrys!  I hadn’t finished reading the whole rulebook, but I was sure there were vampires who didn’t follow it completely anyway.  No one obeyed all the rules all the time.  I had to find someone to change me!  It would be that simple.  We would be together forever, if he agreed with my idea!  Well, there could be a little problem convincing him, but it did seem as though his interest in me was serious.  He had said something about only having eyes for me - I hadn’t imagined the way he had looked at me.  That was it; my mind was made up.  I knew I’d be able to count on Rohan if no one else was available.  He already lusted after my neck.  I would just have to make sure to stay away from him after I was turned.  That thought repulsed me now.  I had to remember this feeling later.  All I need to do is keep my main goal in mind. I closed my eyes and whispered, “Emrys.”
I opened my eyes just as a dark figure passed behind me in the reflection of the glass.  My first startled thought was that Rohan found me.  With a loud gasp, I twisted around so fast that my head spun and I nearly blacked out.  My knees began to buckle but I was caught before I hit the floor.  My ribs were pressed tight, as though someone had just put a straitjacket on me – one that was plugged into a wall outlet, and then I realized the jacket was, in reality, arms.  They wound around me holding me up.  In the blur of events, all I saw was a black cape lined in red and a silver medallion which brushed up against my arm - heavy and hot.  My rescuer pulled me around and sat me in a chair. Completely humiliated, I leaned forward covering my face with my hands.  
“Flaming hell,” I said between clenched teeth.
“It’s quite alright, Elizabeth.  Everything you’re feeling is entirely normal.  Take a few deep breaths and relax.  I shall return in one moment.  Sit there and do not move.”  
This had to be the Count.  I didn’t recall seeing anyone else in a black cape.  I did as he instructed: blowing my breaths out slowly, trying to get my heart to calm down and return to a normal rhythm.  I leaned back into the chair, kicked off my shoes, and curled my feet up under myself.  Within a few moments, he returned with a glass of water.  I snatched it from his hands, drank a few sips and then handed him the glass.  
“Thanks,” I said, finally glancing up.
It was the Count.  He still had his stupid mask on. 
“I realize you think this is so very unusual,” he was saying, “compared to all the tales and stories about vampires you have heard all your life.  In time it will make perfect sense to you.”  
“Can I ask you a question?” I asked, all but ignoring his explanation.
“Of course you may.”  
He corrected my imperfect English without missing a beat - this guy could be so irritating!
“Can you turn anyone, or must it be only your...mate?”  I flinched at the unromantic word.
“The correct question is: Would I do it if I were asked?” 
“Okay, let me rephrase that,” I said, trying to ignore his irksome habit of ridiculing me.  “If someone asked you to change them, and you knew she was not your future wife, or soul mate, or whatever - would you do it for them anyway?”  I had to give it a try.  At least up to this point, he hadn’t scared me like the creep, Rohan had.
“I must be honest with you, Elizabeth.  If I knew, without a doubt, the person was not to be my mate; I could not do it.  Although it is not against the rules, it would go against everything within me.  I have been assured that tonight’s Gathering will bring me my chosen mate, and I must remain visible at all times.  There are plenty of others who have not chosen yet, who come here for exactly that reason.”
“You mean someone like Rohan.  He comes off as the type who wouldn’t follow those guidelines willingly even if he had put his Sign on another.”  I hoped I wasn’t getting out of line with my suppositions.
“You are very perceptive. The quality of Rohan’s character has been in question for some time.”  He stopped, and after looking around continued, “I should not say such things against one within my society, but he has just recently rejoined the Ravens and has yet to prove himself loyal to us.”  
“Rejoined?  Where was he?”  I asked, not all that interested in his answer.  
I was thinking: This particular vampire is easy to talk to, and didn’t have a one-track mind.  Maybe I could convince him to make an exception this one time.  Then I wouldn’t need to go crawling back to Rohan after being so abrupt with him. 
The way the Count moved his head made me think that without the mask, I would have caught him grimacing just before he answered.
“It is an unpleasant story and I would not want to trouble or bore you with the details.  The long and short of it is that Rohan left when his father...died, and he wandered as a rogue vampire for a good many years.”  
I couldn’t help wondering why he thought he could bore me, and just as quickly, the thought came to me:  maybe he was bored with me.
“Perhaps one day I shall give you the longer version of his story,” he added suddenly as if to halt the topic in its tracks.
I noticed there was an air about him, something I hadn’t paid attention to earlier.  He held himself in such a way that he seemed more than just tall: his posture was straight; his stature erect - even graceful - as a Michelangelo sculpture.  
“Well, should I assume you wouldn’t recommend asking Rohan to change me?  I find myself leaning more and more toward thinking I would like to be turned.”
“I cannot give you the answer.  Only you can choose your own destiny.”  He bristled again.  I took his reaction as a strong dislike for Rohan.
“Destiny... you mentioned earlier, this was your destiny - to be here tonight.  Although I get the feeling you aren’t too happy with the circumstances.  Am I correct?”  I put my feet back down on the floor, slipped into my shoes and stood up.
He took a step or two back, turned slightly to the side and glanced out of the window.  
“I suppose you will leave me now to find someone suitable to turn you?” he asked, avoiding my question completely.
“Well, I’d much prefer it if you would do it for me, but...”
He swooped around and headed straight toward me so fast that I lost my balance and reeled backwards.  His speed made the cape billow out, bringing with it a beautiful, haunting scent.  It was instantaneous.  One second he stood at the window and the next he was in front of me, catching me by my arms, sending strange electrical energy all through me.  I closed my eyes thinking that this was it: he was about to attack.  I pulled free of him and flung myself back onto the chair, crouching, shrinking my neck down inside of my shoulders.  
“Wait!”  I shouted.
“Elizabeth!” he called. “Look at me.”  It was the first time he used a normal voice all night.
I was afraid to look.  What if his fangs were out, sharp and set to pounce?  I didn’t know if I was ready for this yet. 
“Why?” I squeaked, scrunching my eyes tighter, holding my neck.
“Did you just ask me to turn you?”  He sounded rather cool and collected now, and I started to relax.  Still not moving - just breathing, and making up my mind.
Was this my destiny?  It only took seconds, but I thought about my sister and our lives.  For the first time, I understood that we both needed to become more independent of each other, and I could make decisions without her, just as she had begun to do without me.  It would be okay; everything would be just fine.  I thought of Fiona.  For all I knew, she was already changed by now. I even thought about my mother who, quite possibly, knew something about my destiny when she gave me my middle name. Amarande: immortal.  
I took in a deep breath, gathered all the nerve I had into one mouthful, and said, “Yes!”  
“Please, say it again,” he asked with a calm urgency.
“I want you to change me tonight,” I said, feeling bold, and easing my eyes open.  I looked up at him.  He stood directly in front of me, took my hand and pulled me to my feet.  The electricity was powerful now.  His touch sent shock waves up my arm and into my chest.  The feeling of dizziness came back and my legs became weak and lifeless, but I wanted to keep my wits about me.  I refused to let the numbness buckle me down this time.  The Count looked straight at me, still in his mask. 
“Elizabeth, I would be honored.  Please help me off with this beastly thing.”  His hand went up to the mask and he said, “I would love to kiss you.”  
Kiss me?  What does kissing have to do with taking all of my blood?  I thought about the damn pamphlet again.  Wait.  What?
I reached up with my free hand and lifted it off of his chin, then pulled it up and over his face. Seeing.  Recognizing!  The strong chin, those hard candy lips, chiseled nose and yes, finally - his eyes.  His dark unfathomable eyes! Eyes that seemed to tell me how much he loved me already.  Eyes that saw everything about me, that told me he’d never leave me.  I couldn’t breathe or move or think or speak.  Almost voiceless, I could only whisper, “Emrys.” 
His eyes poured love - liquid into mine, and in that swift moment of time, the world as I knew it was swept away as if by a flood - gone forever.  There was no going back.  I had now become a willing prisoner to his eyes; eyes that I wanted – no, needed to behold forever.  They were enough to sustain me - to give me enough boldness and courage to allow my very life to end.  
He pulled me into his arms, holding me close.  Electric bliss traveled through some mystical circuitry - from Emrys to me, looping back, again and again.  The hair on my arms stood on end as the charges crackled all around us.  I was literally in shock - in all aspects of the word.  He loosened his embrace and looked at me as if checking to see if I was okay.  I assumed he didn’t want to overwhelm me with his amazing touch. 
Admittedly dazed, I had opened my mouth to say, “Your hair...”
But he had already started to untie the ribbon that held it back, hidden under the cape.  Free and falling, his midnight hair flowed out all around us like a silk canopy.  I reached up and let my fingers glide through its full length, its vitality and smoothness so soft and real.  Funny, I didn’t know till then how much I had wanted to touch his hair.  Emrys!  I couldn’t get over it.  It was Emrys, and he was a vampire!  He had been here the whole time.  And I had been his chosen one - the one he’d waited for all night.  As my fingers slid down to the ends of his hair, I caught sight of his medallion, the size and color of a silver dollar bearing a silhouette of a black raven with a ruby for its eye.  The raven was encircled by the engraved words:  Tha gliocas an ceann an fhitich.  
He answered my unspoken question, “There is wisdom in a Raven’s head.” 
With extreme gentleness, Emrys brushed my hair back and kissed my neck ever so lightly.  His moist lips ignited a thousand tiny tingling sparks on my bare skin that nearly set me ablaze.  He then lifted my chin with his finger, bringing my face to his face, and bending down, he kissed my mouth.  I was right:  his lips were candy - cherry candy, and they melted soft and warm on mine in a long and deliberate, amorous moment.  Time stood still; eternity became tangible.
He pulled back, his eyes dancing. 
“I thought you would never ask.”  His voice partly scolded, but I also heard notes of deep relief.
“What happens now?”  I asked, feeling flushed and somewhat out of breath.  “How do we do this? And when?” 
“All you have to do is say the word, and let me know when you are ready.”  
“I should go find Melinda and Fiona to tell them our plans first.”  I was excited but not quite ready.  I needed to share this with them first.  And a part of me wanted to put off the inevitable, at least for a little while.  
“As you wish.” 
His voice was velvety soft, his lips invitingly sweet, and his eyes continued to make my heart react in a disorderly outburst of flutters.  I could barely think straight.  I hoped this was not a dream.  He kissed me again - slow, sweet cherry kisses.  I still wasn’t used to the constant current of energy flowing through me, and it seemed to intensify at every point of contact: from my lips to my cheekbone, to my ear, to my neck.  My neck!  A sudden twinge of panic stabbed at me with the reality of my decision.  Or did I just feel some teeth?
“I have so many questions for you, Emrys.”  I spoke on impulse – an obvious attempt at stalling.  Although resigned to my decision, the seriousness of it made me a tad overanxious.  Much like those uneasy moments before takeoff - too late to back down - committed to the flight but, oh please let me make it to my destiny in one piece!
“Yes, you do.  I expected that,” he said in a soft voice, showing me he understood my worries.
Clasping my hand in his, he led me to a brocaded, indigo chaise lounge.  “You want to know about the other night at the pub.  I knew you would be there that first evening, and I only hoped to see you up close.”  Emrys and I settled onto the chaise, sitting close but facing each other.  “I had to see it and feel it before I could believe it was true.”
“What was true?”
“Sibelle – she has been right about everything she told me: she knew your hair color,” he stroked my hair, “your eye color,” using a tender touch he outlined my eyebrow with a finger, “and even your last name.”  Emrys paused and closed his eyes for a moment.  He took in a deep breath of air, as if inhaling the scent of Rose. “Sibelle is our prophetess,” he continued, his eyes meeting mine again.  “She delivered many messages to me: she said when I went to the city called Providence I would meet my mate, and my mate would choose me alone, and that we both had been chosen from birth.”  
Somehow when he said mate, it was incredibly romantic, and it made me smile as I listened to him.  A steady stream of calmness washed over me from the sound of his voice.
“Being chosen from birth is rare, Elizabeth, but when we are attuned to the forces which guide us, we adhere to the calling.  So you see - the Veinvedia showed her this truth.
“Your mother knew while she carried you.  She had attended one of the gatherings that I missed, but she could not become one of us because she had recently found herself to be with child.”
“What?  My mother?”  I tried to picture her at a gala like this.
“Your father was also tied to our brethren.  The Rose family was among some of our best allies.”  He inhaled me again as he leaned toward me, his lips on my cheek, kissing.  He made me feel like a beautiful rose.  
“When we heard about their plane crash, we knew it was not an accident.”
I pulled back a little.  “Not an accident? What do you mean?” 
“Let me just say: some people will do anything to prevent the creation of new vampires.  Even if it means ridding the earth of those whose only crime is that they aspire to turn.”
“My parents were murdered?”  My heart started to pound as I tried to make sense of his revelation.  “How do you know all of this?” I asked.
Emrys sat straighter, no longer leaning toward me, and sighed.  “I should have saved my story for another time.  I can see how upsetting this is for you, and I apologize.  Let me explain something, Elizabeth.  The world is full of evil beings.  Some are human and some are not.  But please believe me when I say this.  I have also lost my parents, and I do understand how you feel.”
“So my mother and father would be Ravens, if not for the fact that my mother was already pregnant?” I asked, with my head starting to spin.  
“I do believe the original plan was for your father to be turned first, to then have a child - a hybrid, who is automatically sealed for change, and then to turn your mother.”
“Wow! And did you know about all of this before you chose me?” I asked.
“I knew about the situation, but I did not put it all together at first, that you were their daughter.  It is plain to see that your mother had plans for you long before I knew who you were.”
I shook my head.  Not so much in disbelief, but more so in a mixed feeling of wonder and reflection.  All the ‘what-ifs’ that went through my mind at warp speed were enough to drive me crazy.
“So I’m here because of a choice my parents made, more or less.”  I stated my question as a matter of fact, not really wanting an answer.  “And you have chosen me.”
Emrys took my hand in his and leaned closer again.
“Yes, my sweet Elizabeth,” he said, whispering so close to my ear that his breath sent chills down my neck.  “You have been chosen to be immortal from before your birth.”
“And you?” I asked with a shiver.
He faced me again, holding me with his eyes.  “I transitioned before the gatherings began.  With me, it is familial.”  I was right: a vampire family.  “My family name, Bertrand, means bright raven - from where our society gets its name.  Emrys, as you know,” he gave me a quick smile, “means immortal.”
I hadn’t mentioned that I had looked up our names the other day, but it was apparent he already knew.  He squeezed my hand in his, his thumb gently kneading back and forth.
“I know my sweet one. I know everything.”
“Can you read everyone’s mind?  Or am I the only one?”  
His smile warmed me like a soft blanket.  “Only yours.”  
I had a sudden thought, but wasn’t sure if I should ask. “What is it?” he asked quickly.
“Well, if you do know everything about me, as you say, then can you explain why I have felt so strange lately?  Things haven’t been normal ever since Fiona asked me to come to the party.  I’ve been having dizzy spells.  I even fainted a few times and I am usually steady on my feet.  Does that have anything to do with all this?”  I asked with a wave of my hand.
“It has to do with me.”  His smile turned playful.  “The physical force you have been feeling has drawn you to me.  Every time I was in the general vicinity, you felt the strongest pull.”
“And then I’d faint dead away?”  I sat there stunned for a moment, recollecting all the times, all the places when I had experienced them.  “So,” I said, struggling to take this in.  “You were there all those times, but I...”
His lips on mine stopped me.  Perhaps I had been reminiscing too long for him because the kisses came on strong and passionate.  I was swept away like a whirlwind of fire, and embraced the storm of infinite possibilities.  He was a thousand volts of electricity; I became a violent tempest – spinning like a windstorm, and together we became a unified force – white hot, yet frozen on the edge of eternity.  Heartbeats like hurricanes.  Time and space would have no boundaries as we thundered toward infinity.  
We both reeled back for air, almost laughing.  Either I was invigorated by all the negative ions we had just created, or that was pure joy. And Emrys – his eyes flashed as bright as lightning!  The sheer force of his presence was majestic. 
“Emrys,” was all I could say.
But somehow speech had not eluded him.  “Being chosen,” he was saying to me through my euphoria, “like you and I are, is most rare.  You from birth; I from the Raven lineage.  It only happens every few centuries.  I have never seen this type of match in my own time, but I am told it is exceptionally strong.  Surely you must feel it.”
I nodded.  “I do, I really do!”  It was more than just strong; it was more powerful than anything I’d ever experienced in my life.  It was full-blown mystical.
He smiled and said, “I, too, had been skeptical like you first were.  Sibelle gave me a riddle that I had to solve before I could look for you.  I humored her and came to America, though I believed her prophetical powers had gone awry.  I first saw you at the pub about five months ago.”  His eyes were afire with me.  “I felt the same electrical power surge through me that you feel when we touch.”
“Just by looking at me?”  I marveled.  
“Yes,” he chuckled.  “Just by looking at you.  This ‘electrical charge’ will weaken somewhat after you transition, but will never go completely away.”  He touched my cheek with a soft tenderness.  “I have never loved anyone as I do you, my sweet, beautiful, lovely, Elizabeth.”
His words brought tears to my eyes.  His love for me held so much strength and depth.  His presence radiated such commanding warmth, safeness, sureness.  And then I knew:  I was home.  Nodding slowly, I looked up into those beautiful, dark, adoring eyes.  
Incredible as it seemed with everything happening so fast, I had to say it.  I put a hand on his cheek and whispered, “I feel exactly the same…I love you too, Emrys - my immortal one.”  
I couldn’t believe I’d just said those words out loud!  I was in complete control and knew that this was not a dream.  Amazing myself once again, I truly believed what I was saying, absolutely certain this was what I wanted, and altogether aware that this was the night I would die. 

Chapter 10
Family Tree
Larkin and Amrita had slipped noiselessly into the room where Emrys and I sat, hearts entwined.  Larkin cleared his throat to warn of their approach as they strolled toward us, arm in arm.  The way Amrita glided over the antique area rug was silky-smooth, eerie as an apparition; I half imagined she drifted in on some ghostly cloud of ice and Larkin pulled her around with an invisible cord. But that was ridiculous; no doubt my own ethereally charged evening had affected my perception.
“Elizabeth and Emrys!  I am so pleased to see that your destiny has found you!”  Amrita’s smile was genuine; her voice warm and soft.  Finding it difficult to figure her out, I stared.  What I saw and what I heard did not match.
They stood directly in front of the chaise lounge, and Amrita surprised me by saying, “Elizabeth - my sister!”  
She reached out to me, and just as I was about to take her hand, I spotted a scorpion stretched across it.  I hesitated a moment while the realization sunk in that the creature was only a tattoo.  Tiny bits of lightning warmed my hand as we touched.
“Please say hello to my husband Larkin,” she announced.  Her voice was sultry and low.
Husband?  I never would have expected this:  they were complete opposites.  He looked so different from her, so clean-cut.  There wasn’t even one visible tattoo on him.
As he shook my hand and gave me a quick nod, he said, “It is a great pleasure to finally meet you face to face.  We have heard much about you these past few months.” Larkin smiled at me as he spoke, but his pale blue eyes turned to his wife moments later.
Amrita and Larkin’s arms were still locked together, and, after our brief handshake, his hand immediately went back to hers, as though he had to be sure she did not release his arm.
I said, “Hello.”  I managed a few words of politeness, but my mind whirled with all the unknowns that my future now held. 
“Amrita, I owe you an apology,” Emrys said as he stood and faced his sister, reaching for her free hand.  “You were correct. I was far too skeptical about tonight’s outcome.  I do apologize for being so moody and argumentative these past few weeks.”  He leaned forward to kiss her cheek and his hair fell forward from his shoulders catching the candle light just right so that it moved in black metallic waves.  I couldn’t believe how beautiful he was in every way possible.  And, he was in love with me!
“My brother, you need not apologize.  Just let me say - I told you so!  As usual, Sibelle was right: our Elizabeth is a true beauty, inside and out, and she is meant to be with you now and forever.  I felt it the minute I saw her on the dock.  I had everything I could do to keep from hugging her myself.”  She looked at me and smiled.  Her lipstick was so dark, and I couldn’t help but wonder if her lip piercing hurt when she moved her mouth.  
Could that be why she seemed so standoffish during our first meeting?  She had to pretend she wasn’t glad to meet me!  I had to chuckle at this thought - which I did, out loud.  Maybe I had her pegged all wrong.  Just because she dressed as she did – wearing the dark makeup, so many tattoos and piercings, didn’t mean she was one of those gloomy, antisocial types at all. She seemed happy and friendly.
Emrys turned and joined me on the sofa, taking my hand in his electrified warm hand.  He spoke to Amrita, but his eyes stayed on me.  “I know, my sister.  I can barely contain myself, even more so, now that she has consented.”
He gazed at me with those mesmerizing eyes again.  Did I look even remotely as in love as he did?  He bent forward and kissed me just then.  I guess I got my answer!
Without hesitation, Larkin advised, “Amrita, my dearest, let us leave these two alone to continue their first evening of the rest of eternity.”  
He turned toward us.  “I know it doesn’t have to be said, but I wish you the best and dearest kind of love imaginable, and may your timeless existence together be blessed.”  Something in his voice sounded a little envious.  
Both Emrys and I glanced up at the mismatched couple and said in unison, “Thank you.”  And we all said our goodbyes.
As they exited the door, another couple entered and strolled through the room - far slower than necessary.  It was Rohan and a young woman, though once I caught his eye I didn’t look at her at all.  He seemed to glare at me through squinted eyes.  Emrys never glanced their way; he kept his eyes on me.  I could not figure out why Rohan seemed so angry, so full of fury, and I averted my eyes as fast as I could.  The couple went straight to the patio doors and walked out, but as I took another brief look, Rohan glowered at me, wrinkling his forehead as if to signal his disapproval.  Could he be jealous?
After they were out of sight, my mind turned back to Amrita, and my eyes back to my beautiful man.  “Are you and your sister close?” I asked, thinking back to their disagreement earlier. 
“Yes, we are.  I promised our mother that I would make sure Amrita was raised within this lifestyle and given the guidance to become one of us.  Her one other request was that we try to remain together - always.  It was even more important to mother after her decision to remain human.”
“Why wasn’t your mother turned?” I asked, frowning.
“How crucial is it for you to hear the entire story now, my sweet?  We do have the rest of eternity to discuss my family’s history.  I cannot stop thinking of the immediate future, myself,” he said with a quick raise of his eyebrows.  
He kissed me again.  Electrified cherry-flavored kisses.  
A bit later, and delightfully dizzy, I pulled back and sighed, “Well then!”  Composing myself, I looked into his eyes and said, “Actually, I would like to hear the whole story.  I don’t know much about my mother, and I’d like to know everything about you and your family.”  I gave him a bashful grin and added, “If you don’t mind.”
He took both of my hands in his.  The warm currents made my hands tingle.  He nodded, and his genuine smile told me he was agreeable.
“My mother had been very poor and she sold herself - her life-force, to my father.”  He started slowly.  “She lived with the Ravens as a donor for many years, enjoying the lifestyle we are so fortunate to have.  My father was a solitary Raven and he fell in love with her the old-fashioned way, before the new rules you see, and this is how I came to be.  Sometime later, before I was old enough to be turned but old enough to understand the ways of the Ravens, my mother was assaulted by a rogue vampire. The problem was - he wanted much more than just her blood.  This is how my sister came to be.”  
My jaw dropped, my eyes opened wide in shock.  He hesitated.  
Taking advantage of the moment, I jumped in saying, “So Amrita is your half-sister.”  I wondered if she knew that she was a product of rape. This could explain a lot, and my heart softened toward her even more.  “But what happened then?”
“My father killed the rogue vampire...but he had to put my mother aside -he had no other choice.”
“What do you mean, he had no other choice?”  I asked incredulously.  
“It is an abomination for a Raven to touch his mate if she is defiled by another.”
Stunned to silence, I just stared, waiting for him to continue.  
“My mother suffered from a broken heart and decided to remain human.  She wasn’t able to fathom an eternity without the love she so desired from my father.  She said she’d rather die.  She stayed on for a few months to give the baby her nourishment, though my father could never bear to look at her again - or the child.”  He frowned as he said, “Then she left.  I never saw my mother again.”  His voice trailed off painfully, revealing his heartache.
“How old were the two of you when your mother left?”
“I was nearly eighteen, Amrita a few months old.”  
I shook my head feeling all the sadness he must have felt and said, “I don’t understand how she could have left you and your sister.”  
“It was not her choice.  Amrita belonged to Idris, and I belonged to my father.  Even though Idris was dead, it was still up to the Raven society to raise her until she was of age.  After all, she had the blood of the Ravens flowing through her as well as the human who mothered her.  Even though we are hybrids, the rules are the same.”
I couldn’t understand their strange ways and my eyes became blurry with tears.  
“That’s horrible, Emrys!  If your father loved your mother so much, how could he do that to her?  Why couldn’t he just...”  Choking on emotion, the words lodged in my throat and I couldn’t finish my thought.
“This is the way it has always been, and to this day, it matters not whether you are  human or Raven, have The Veinvedia or not.  The fate remains the same:  if another touches you the bond ends.  It is irrevocable.” 
I remembered the short explanation we had gotten earlier from Larkin about the transitioning humans mating with a Raven - the part about the possibility that they may be less inhibited. This idea alone should cause one to make a wise choice.  But this was another aspect that was not mentioned earlier.  Flaming hell! I should have read the damn pamphlet!  
Trying to make sense of it all, I asked, “So if anyone mates with a Raven, it’s for life - regardless if they stay human or are changed to Raven.  But if they have sex with another they’re discarded?” 
He nodded, saying, “Yes.”
“Were your parents married?”  I asked, shaking my head.
“Yes.  But even without a ceremony, the act itself is what mates you for life. We are like the bald eagles and the swans.”  He smiled.
Having so many new emotions running through my body, my questions were getting me deeper into unchartered territory.  Feeling unsure and shy, I asked, “Are Ravens often intimate with their chosen human before transformation?”  
He held back his smile as he raised an eyebrow and said, “It is highly frowned upon but it does, on occasion, happen.  And, even if you were so inclined to allow that to happen - which I know you are not…  I would be obligated to wait until the proper time.”  His smile was sweet. “The example I set for my fellow Ravens must be honorable - I must remain faithful to the rules.  I am held to a higher standard because of my place in our society.” 
“Although, if I had my way...” He leaned down and started kissing me again.  The currents flowed even stronger, and I began wishing the rules didn’t exist at all.  But, Lindy was right; I was a Puritan at heart.  I had determined a long time ago to wait until marriage before having sex of any kind.  And now, I was so glad I had saved myself for him.  My beautiful immortal man.  Now, he would be my one and only for all eternity.  If only Lindy could know how wonderful this felt.
Emrys pulled back a little, his face inches from mine.  His eyes pierced into my being, his fragrant breath on my face, “You wish to find your sister, do you not?”
“Yes, I’d like that.”  I reached up and stroked his inky black hair, feeling not only the softness of it, but the electrical current that streamed out on my fingertips.  
“One more question before we look for her,” I felt a sudden braveness well up inside of me, and for the first time, surprised him.  I didn’t think - I just spoke, “Will you marry me?”
It was the first time I heard Emrys laugh out loud.  I hoped he wasn’t laughing at my bold proposal.  My cheeks flared red-hot.
He took my face into his hands making my cheeks even hotter and explained in a loving and soft voice, “My dear sweet Elizabeth.  What do you think The Veinvedia means?  The Veinvedia has drawn us together for more than just you becoming a Raven.  It is our sign that we are to be married, to be mated for all eternity.  If it was not for the Sign, I would only be changing you, not bonded to you forever.  I told you this is different from what others have.  Your friend Fiona has also been chosen, but there are many others here tonight who came for other possibilities at hand.  Some are here for the enlightenment, or simply to become donors and perhaps decide in the future to be turned.  And some wish to make a home for their future children.  There are many reasons.  My sister and Larkin have come to reunite with old friends.  Some,” he said clearing his throat, “like Rohan, are here for selfish reasons. Perhaps searching for another donor to use and abuse.  He will, no doubt, continue his roaming about from society to society - never settling down in one place for more than a few decades. Never contributing to the greater good.”  
“I considered asking him to turn me earlier tonight,” I said with a slight shiver.  
Emrys stood up in a flash and a frozen look settled on his face.  The swishing of his cape glowed with iridescent spots of silvery light.  The very air around us felt chilly.
“Please try to stay away from him.”  His teeth clenched, his eyes turned to steel, and there was a definite iciness in his tone.
“I promise, Emrys.  What’s the matter?”  I was surprised by his sudden and blatant dislike for the man and, as he spoke, needles of ice traveled up my spine.
“He is a rogue vampire and....”  He stopped dead when another couple entered the room and went to warm themselves near the fire.  He gave them a gracious nod, turned and took me by the hand, whisked me out of the room, and led me down the hall toward the sound of the music.
Just as we reached the doorway into the ballroom, we were approached by a gentleman who resembled a butler, though it was hard to say whether or not he was authentic, or just a guest in costume.  
“Excuse me sir,” he said with a short bow.  “May I have a word with you?”
Emrys nodded to him and released my hand.  As they conversed in hushed tones, I took a step into the ballroom and, craning my neck, searched for Melinda.  Before I had a chance to scan half of the room, another man swooped in grabbing my arm as he called out in a bold voice, “My, aren’t you a lovely sight!  Let us dance!”
He tried to coax me out onto the dance floor, but I resisted, trying to pull my arm back.  Before anyone was declared a winner, Emrys seized the man’s wrist, and by the looks of it: a forceful grip.  The man took a breath of protest, turning to see who had grabbed him, and then their eyes met.  Emrys didn’t say a word, he just glared at him.  A second later the man let go of my arm and began apologizing.  
“Oh! Pardon me, sir!  I was not aware.”  His face was ashen, and with a slight bow of his head, the man stepped back a few feet, saying, “I am exceedingly sorry.”  He took a quick glance at me, and said, “Please forgive me, Miss.”  And then, like lightning, he was gone.
Before I had a chance to open my mouth, Emrys had me out on the dance floor whirling and twirling me around once again, my feet barely touching the ground.  Amazing!  No longer cocooned in my fear of looking like a flailing idiot, I had now morphed into a graceful, dancing butterfly. 
As we sailed around the room I went back to our twice-interrupted conversation.  “Emrys, you don’t think I would change my mind about this, do you?”  I observed his eyes growing warmer as I went on, saying, “I don’t have a choice - I belong to you - and you alone.  It’s as though I’ve known you my whole life, and this has always been our plan.” 
“I apologize if I have made you feel the need to defend yourself,” he said. “I trust everything about you, my lovely one.  It is not you at all.  It is the others.  And I do agree with you.  I am grateful that The Veinvedia has guided Sibelle.  She gave me the prophetic riddle and everything came to pass.”  His voice was soft and tender again.  His eyes piercingly delicate: gazing at me with love.
I nodded, taking it all in, thinking:  This was really it!  He truly is my soul mate.  I rested my head on his chest and whispered, “I believe it now.”  As I said the words, an area on the back of my neck began to burn.  I touched my neck, exploring the spot.  Did he bite me earlier when he kissed my neck?  But that made little sense as this sensation was in the back.  I checked my fingers for blood but they were dry.  I could see him studying me, reading my mind.
“Do not worry.  It is only the Signatus.  And since The Veinvedia has guided us together, our bond is more powerful.  My Sign has reacted to your words and thoughts.  Your belief has sealed the Sign.”  His eyes filled me with love and I believed every word he said to be authentic.  Although, I was once again reminded about the damn pamphlet and how I still had so much to learn.
“I had been picturing it more abstract, like an omen. “I said, concerned about the stinging sensation. “Can you actually see this Sign?”
“Yes, it looks like a tattoo.”  He kissed my forehead, and added, “The irritation will last only a few moments longer.”
A familiar laugh sidetracked me from seeking any more details or explanations.  I looked past my dark-haired beloved, and spotted my sister.  Melinda sat at a table with several people, but her attention was directed at a single man.  His striking hair came to his shoulders, long and straight, and white as fresh snow.  I guessed him to be no more than thirty, and he was gorgeous.  On closer inspection I could see that he seemed to be the center of everyone’s attention at the table.  They all laughed at whatever it was he had just said, and I became intrigued with this white haired Raven.  I didn’t know how I knew he was one of them, but somehow, I began to have a sixth sense about everything around me.
Emrys, so good at following my thoughts, bent his head to my ear and whispered, “That is Gavin, otherwise known as White Hawk.  He loves to make people laugh, and I will bet you anything he has been telling his absurd, mediocre vampire jokes.”  
We glided closer - within hearing range.  
“Why does the vampire consider himself a good artist?” Gavin asked.  No one answered, and he came back with: “Because he likes to draw blood.”  
Just about everyone groaned his or her displeasure, but I heard Lindy’s giggle above all the groaning.  Gavin’s face brightened when he saw her smile.  He seemed pleased that, at least, someone was having a good time at his hand.  
Then Gavin directed his gaze to Lindy alone, and asked, “What is the difference between a vampire and a lawyer?”
“I give up,” Lindy said, playing ignorant. I knew she had heard this one.
“A vampire only sucks blood at night!” 
He roared at his own silly joke.  Lindy let out a cackle, laughing with him, and reached across the space between them, touching his hand.  I saw a slight shock in her face when she felt his electrified skin, but she hid it from the others.
We danced past the table, and Lindy looked up just in time to see us.  She stood, put her hand on Gavin’s arm and whispered something to him just before she scooted over to meet us, now halfway on the other side of the room.  “Lizzy!” she called.  “Hold on.”
We came to a stop and waited a few seconds for her to join us.  
“Come, let us sit a while,” Emrys said.  We followed him to the closest empty table.  
“Ooh, chocolate cake!”  Lindy exclaimed as she approached the table, freshly laid with goodies.  I could see now that she was quite inebriated; her eyes barely focused.  What the flaming hell is she thinking?  I didn’t want her to end up doing anything tonight that she’d regret in the morning.  As she lifted the fork to her lips, the dark-fudge chocolate frosting started to drip down and she licked it just in time.  Then sizing-up Emrys with her blurry-eyed gaze, she said, “Ooh, yummy!  And I don’t mean the cake, sis.  Who’s this hunk?  I love your hair!”  She took the mouthful of oozing chocolatey goodness and licked her lips with a slow deliberateness. 
Emrys brushed his hair back away from his face and gave a modest smile.  
“Melinda, this is my destiny - my beloved immortal - my eternal soul mate, Emrys.” 
I put my hand on his as I spoke and, for the first time in my life, felt threatened by my own sister.  I wished there was some way to show her my complete possession of him.  I wanted to stake my claim for the whole world to see.  Could that be the reason why Emrys had reacted so - when I spoke about Rohan earlier?
Lindy’s head snapped up when I said his name.  Her eyes grew wide as it dawned on her that he was the same longhaired man I had yammered about from the pub.  
“Emrys?  Wow! I thought you were a figment of my sister’s imagination.  I didn’t notice you the night she first saw you.”
“You were not meant to notice me.  I was there for Elizabeth.”  His voice came cool and collected.
“Oh.  That explains it.  I never miss a handsome face.”  She took another bite of her cake.
She acted like it made all the sense in the world to her.  It surprised me that she could reason anything out in her current condition, and I rolled my eyes at her.
“What?” she asked wryly.  “I’ve been paying attention all night.  I’ve been asking questions, and I think I understand how this works now.  That’s all.”  She cocked her head to the side and added, “Oh, and don’t think I didn’t notice how you said eternal mate.  So this is it then; you’ve made up your mind and you’ll be staying on here, right?”  Her mood changed in a flash as she pursed her lips and scowled at me.
Before I could answer, Emrys took my hand and said, “Not exactly. The fact of the matter is: we shall be leaving for home next week.”
I turned to him with a jerk, and a question that never left my lips.  Home?
“We leave for England next Friday,” he said.
A pang of sadness welled up inside as I imagined leaving my sister.  But when he looked at me with his loving, deep, dark onyx eyes, this gaze I needed so badly, all I could do was nod my head; I so needed to be with him wherever he went.
“You’re moving out of the country?”  Lindy’s voice came sharp and piercing as she glared at me - astonished and completely sober.
“I guess I am, Melinda,” I said, feeling a lump in my throat.  I’m sorry to upset you, but he is my destiny.”  I glanced back at Emrys.  His expression matched exactly how I felt about him: profound love and adoration.  Turning again to my sister, I said, “But, Lindy, you could still change your mind you know.  You could find yourself an honorable vamp…Raven to change you too, and we’d still be able to be together.”  I gazed at Emrys and asked, “Isn’t that right?”  It was so very hard to peel my eyes away from my immortal black haired man.
His response was interrupted by a loud clang, followed by an angry sigh, as Lindy dropped her fork down on the plate.  She yanked on my arm to get my full attention.
“I told you I want children, Lizzy!”  She sounded miserable, broken and torn.  “I can’t do what you’re asking me to do!”
“You could have children first and then be turned, Lindy!”  Remembering Emrys’ mother now, I announced with confidence, “Raven males can father children!”  That had been her original intention, to have a few kids before becoming a Raven herself.
Melinda grew quiet, staring off into the distance, like she was a million miles away.  I kept quiet, waiting for her response.  A few moments later she grabbed the fork and started stabbing at the leftover cake.  With her other hand she twirled her hair, still deep in thought. 
Finally, with a shake of her head, she said, “I can’t stop thinking about Mark.  What if I’m supposed to be with him?  He’s such a sweet guy, and I feel like I’m just now getting to the point in our friendship where we can take it to the next level.  We have a date later on this weekend, remember, Lizzy?”  Her voice came soft again as she faced me.
“You don’t have to decide right now Lindy.  Think about it for a while.”  I leaned closer, putting my hand on her arm, near enough to notice her jasmine perfume.  As I looked into her sad blue eyes, the lump in my throat turned sharp and jagged.  I swallowed hard, trying to push the pain away.  I couldn’t imagine never seeing my sister again, and I had to hope she’d see that my idea would work.  
Melinda did not speak.  She continued to fiddle with her cake - smashing it into a pancake with her fork - every now and then licking the fork.  I knew she was torn just as much as I had been.  The difference being that I now had the best reason ever to become a vampire and her only reason was to stay with me.  As I thought about the possibility of her not choosing this life, I felt sure the sharp ripping pain in my chest was my heart splitting in two.  Blinking back the tears I turned to Emrys, and heaved a heavy sigh.
Giving me an understanding smile, he put his hand on mine - calming me at once.  His gaze told me he that everything would be fine, he loved me, needed me, and he wanted me as badly as I wanted him.  This thought was enough to make my head spin and fresh goose bumps wreaked havoc on my spine.  Tingling all over, I wondered if I would always get these insane feelings - even after I transitioned.  He squeezed my hand sending sharper volts through me.  He was the outlet and I was the plug.
A movement behind Lindy caught my eye.  I peered past her and caught Rohan staring back at me.  He stood in the doorway of the ballroom leaning on the door jam, arms folded over his chest and a smoldering scowl on his face.  What the flaming hell is his problem? Emrys followed my eyes to the doorway, but Rohan turned abruptly and left the ballroom.  
Just then Lindy jumped up, reached for the linen napkin and wiped her mouth, saying, “Well, right now, I’m just going to have some more fun.  I told Gavin I’d be back shortly, and I don’t want him to think I’ve deserted him.  See you guys later.”  And she was off toward the other side of the room.  Not even bothering to go around; she just dipped and turned to avoid the couples on the dance floor.  I called after her but it was too late, she didn’t hear me - or if she did, she pretended she hadn’t.  
I sighed again as I watched her go, but then I saw how her face lit up when she returned to Gavin’s table.  He stood at once, and quickly pulled the chair out for her.  Within a few moments she was once again laughing, sipping from a glass, and flipping her hair the way I’d seen her do a million times.  I shook my head.  If I didn’t know my sister better, I’d think she could be flirting with this vampire: Gavin.  
“She doesn’t seem to be too worried about Mark right now, does she?” I asked, somewhat concerned. Turning back from checking her out, my eyes returned to Emrys.  His hair flowed all around his head and shoulders like a shiny black waterfall. 
He raised an eyebrow and said, “She will be over her friend in no time at all.  I know Gavin.  We have been friends many years.”  Emrys grinned and said, “He has been known to say he would like to meet a black haired beauty, and that with his pure white hair they would make a stunning, matched set - complimenting each other like ebony and ivory.”
I couldn’t help myself. I laughed out loud at my own thought, and then said it aloud, “Like an Oreo cookie!”  
But then his words hit me.  The part about her being over Mark in no time at all puzzled me, and I asked, “Are you saying that he could choose my sister to be his mate?”
“Technically, not during the gathering.  This one night is set aside for the Signatus, for the chosen ones.  Though it is not to say it could not happen in the future.  Does it please you that he shows an interest in your sister?  Perhaps giving you some hope?”  
After I nodded, he leaned close and pressed his lips against mine, lingering awhile- tasting of cherry.  I thought about nothing for those few moments, but his electrified, and oh-so-kissable lips.  A sudden tap on my shoulder and a barely audible clearing of the throat snapped me out of my glorious kiss.  For a brief second I thought it was Rohan, as I felt a sudden chill within the startling touch.
I pulled back and looked behind, relieved to see Fiona’s friend, Rufus.  He bowed his head down with a slight nod, and said, “Excuse me.”  
I couldn’t help but question why he stood there alone and I asked, “Where’s Fiona?”  
He looked at me for a brief second and then nodded at Emrys.  “Hello, cousin.  I came to give Elizabeth a message.”  His light green eyes flickered to me.
“Well then – out with it!”  I couldn’t make out Emrys’ tone - annoyance or anger.
“Elizabeth, please forgive my intrusion,” Rufus started, sitting next to me and touching my hand lightly.  I felt a brief and slight sense of something akin to electricity, so slight you’d barely notice it if I hadn’t become so aware of Emrys.  His apparent edginess freaked me out a little.  “But I promised Fiona I would come and collect you.  She will be finished transforming soon, and she wanted to see you when she arises, and to witness our ceremony.” 
“She’s gone through with it already?” I asked, surprised she hadn’t even come to tell me.  Still having so many unanswered questions, I was amazed by Fiona’s willingness to move so quickly.  I knew I would follow through myself - all in good time.  But first, I had to go to my friend.  I leapt to my feet, “Where is she?”
Emrys stood up alongside of me and said, “We shall follow you, Rufus.  Lead the way.”
As the three of us made our way out of the ballroom, the band started playing an upbeat tune and I noticed Melinda pull Gavin out onto the dance floor.  She began to move about in a teasing and seductive manner, oblivious to anyone else in the room. What is she thinking? Her behavior only added to the bitter taste already invading my mouth.  Now, on top of being in a state of high anxiety, I also felt queasy, and was quite positive I could smell blood.

Chapter 11
Winds of Change
Emrys took my hand and we followed Rufus up to the second floor, taking the main staircase on the left side of the foyer.  At the landing, I glanced over my shoulder to the other side just as Constance came out of the door.  She nodded to me with a sweet smile and went down the stairs.  It seemed ages ago, and yet it was only hours since she dressed me as Scarlett O’Hara. 
We went down a long hallway, turned left and stopped at an elevator.  The surface of the gold door was polished smooth and shiny, like a mirror. Well, there’s one myth that’s wrong, I thought, observing our reflections.  I glanced down as we stepped into the pocket-sized compartment, noting the deep red of the carpet.  We were silent as the door slid shut.  Closing us in like a coffin!  The scent of blood became so blazing obvious I could almost taste its metallic flavor.  I didn’t mind the smell and wasn’t usually upset by the sight of blood, but I knew that this particular scent was my best friend. Fiona’s blood!  Her actual life force drained out!  I couldn’t help but wonder if all that remained of her was what emanated from Rufus.  My nerves had started to unravel and I couldn’t stop tapping my foot as we huddled together.  The crowded space made me claustrophobic.  
Why is it taking so damn long to reach our floor?  Real panic started creeping in, along with shallow, uneven breaths.  Sensing the increasing level of my anxiety, Emrys wrapped his arm around me, pulling me close, trying to hide the look of concern on his face. I supposed that our very destiny rested entirely on my state of mind, and he aimed to keep me not only safe, but also sane.
He spoke up, breaking my erratic thoughts. “You may be curious how Rufus and I are related?”  
In actuality, it had not crossed my mind and I realized at once his attempt to create a diversion.
“My father and his were brothers.  Perhaps you also observed the similarity between Rufus and Larkin?  They are half-brothers.”  He squeezed me closer and continued, “Think about it, sweet Elizabeth.  Once we are married, you and your friend Fiona will be related as well!”  
He succeeded.  All I could think about now was how this chain of relationships could make my best friend of all time become my...what would she be?  My cousin-in-law? I’d have to sit and write all the names down to figure it out, but I decided to just take him at his word for now.  I nodded, but said nothing.
The elevator car lurched to a stop, giving me a momentary light-headed queasiness.  As the door opened, it occurred to me that I hadn’t even noticed if we had gone up or down.  Not that it mattered much - unless I needed to find my way out once I completely freaked out and ran for my life.  But at this moment, I couldn’t move my legs.  They were heavy, as though the red carpeting had turned to quicksand.  With a gentle hand, Emrys pulled me through the door.  
We walked down a few more corridors, and with each step, I became more unnerved. No amount of deep breathing could ward off the shock of seeing the last hallway; dimly lit with elaborate sconces and wax candles creating an aura of moving shadows. The candles gave off the scent of spicy cinnamon, convincing me the strong fragrance had been chosen in hopes of keeping the smell of blood at bay. But the most disturbing aspect of this hallway was that each room we passed had a padlock on the outside of the door.  
I had now entered the scene in the scary movie where the audience screams at the heroine to go back; but of course, she continues in her stupidity and goes on looking for all the hidden monsters and ghouls.  I took in a long, slow breath, still trying to calm myself, not sure of what to expect next, or how I’d handle it.  Would Fiona look dead?  Would she be even paler?  Would she have the need for blood immediately, or does this craving come later....?  So many things flashed through my mind I couldn’t catch my breath; gasping for air, I nearly blacked out from lack of oxygen.
Emrys stopped short, turned in a flash, and stood right in front of me, clasping my hands.  “I promise to explain everything to you before we begin.  You have nothing to worry about, and Fiona is fine.  Trust me, my sweet Elizabeth.”  
Not only was his voice soft and reassuring, but the minute I looked at him I knew he spoke truthfully.  There was absolutely no deception in his eyes.  He showed me the depth of his love with just a glance.  The breathlessness ended.  His words and his touch calmed me, and I breathed easier.  Nodding at him with gratitude, I said, “Okay.”
We finally reached the door.  Rufus pulled out a brass key from his pocket and after fumbling for a moment, he unlocked the padlock.  As he did, Emrys whispered in my ear, “We must remember to keep our voices low.  Fiona may be a little disoriented, but her senses will be magnified.  Loud noises could hurt her ears - just as bright light will burn her eyes.  It will take a few hours for this heightened sensitivity to dissipate, and then she should feel normal.  Of course, our normal is quite different than yours,” he added, squeezing my hand and sending another flow of electricity up my arm.  With slow and measured steps we slipped into the darkened room.
It took a while for my sight to adjust to the low lighting.  Finally, I spotted Fiona lying on a giant bed surrounded by beautiful pillows and quilts. One lonely candle flickered across the room on a round table.  Standing next to the candle was a large glass decanter, and beside that - a beautiful crystal goblet marked with the remnants of what could have been red wine, although I knew it wasn’t.  Another shiver shot through my body.  Taking soft steps, we made our way closer to the bed, and Rufus sat down on the edge nearest Fiona.  
He took her hand and spoke in a whisper, “Dearest Fiona, I have returned and brought your friend, Elizabeth.”
My eyes fully adjusted to the room; Fiona appeared to be sleeping peacefully.  Her eyes were closed and her cheeks looked flushed.  I couldn’t tell for sure, but she also seemed to be thinner, and she had a healthy glow to her - which completely confused me altogether.  Wow! I certainly wouldn’t mind losing a few pounds myself.  This seemed one sure and easy way to accomplish that task!  I sensed, more than saw, a smile creep over Emrys’ face.
Fiona’s eyes fluttered a little and then she eased them open, shielding them with a hand as though in bright sunlight.  She gave Rufus a loving smile, and then looked past him to where I stood.  
“Come close, Lizzy  I won’t bite,” she whispered with a slight giggle.
Her grin lasted only for a moment, and then she closed her eyes with a thin grimace.  Even in the midst of her transformation, which apparently caused her some pain, she still tried to make me laugh.  I chuckled to myself.  My sweet, silly Fiona: always the comedian.  
Emrys released my hand, and I took Rufus’s place on the edge of the bed.  They stood behind me whispering, though I couldn’t make out a single word. 
“Hi, Fiona.”  Seeing her cringe made me realize I must have spoken too loud.  Quickly, with a much lower voice, I said, “Sorry, I forgot.  How do you feel, sweetie?”
“Mostly wonderful, but just a little tired.  It didn’t hurt as much as I thought it would.  Oh Lizzy, when you go through the transforming, you dream the most beautiful and fantastical dreams!”  
Her voice was so low I had to bend closer to hear her.  She groped for my hand, and for the first time in all the years of knowing my redheaded, pale, freckled friend, not only was she warm to the touch - she felt quite electrified!  She sent nearly the same voltage through me as Emrys did.  I turned to look at Emrys, the familiar furrow in my brows, and he bent to answer my unspoken question.  He whispered close to my ear sending waves of goose bumps down my neck. 
“Quite normal.  Newlings – which are recently turned vampires, are known to be capable of the same phenomenon as those who have recently experienced the Signatus.  Once her transformation is complete, her electromagnetic energy will decrease, though it will never completely leave.  Surely, you must have noticed this in meeting several other Ravens this evening.” 
Of course!  All the Ravens had that electrical phenomenon when I touched them!  Then I remembered the evening in the pub - even Emrys’ hair had given me a slight jolt when all it did was brush over my skin with the lightness of a feather. 
I turned back to face the new vampire that still held my hand - ever so gently.  I was just glad this force didn’t really hurt.  I had almost gotten used to it, and especially enjoyed the exhilarating sensation when it came from Emrys’ electrifying touch.
Fiona smiled at me then and asked in a whisper, “Are you ready yet, Lizzy?  Rufus has told me all about you and Emrys.  How awesome!  We will be able to stay friends for all eternity!”  
Her eyes blinked open for one second, and she licked her lips.  Rufus went to the table and, from the decanter he poured the red liquid into the goblet.  Blood?  He brought it to the other side of the bed and helped her to sit up straight.
“Here you are, my dear.  You need more sustenance for the transformation to be complete.”  He put the glass to her lips.
She took the goblet and peeked over the rim as she sipped.  With each swallow, her face literally became more alive; her eyes looked clearer, her cheeks more flushed, and her whole face less pale.  Even her strength increased as she still held my hand and squeezed it tighter now.  She handed Rufus the empty goblet, and gave him a sweet thank-you.  He leaned down and kissed her forehead, then returned the glass to the table.  Fiona took a large cleansing breath, and I stood, staying next to the bed.
“I feel much better now.”  Her voice was stronger, louder.
“It is quite a privilege to witness this part of the transition, Elizabeth,” Emrys said, now standing behind me.  He placed his hands on my shoulders and continued - his voice low.  “Most of the time it is only the two who are involved in the process.  I think your Fiona must love you very much to want you included on this special occasion.”  He gave a quick chuckle and added, “And yes, it is blood - Rufus’ blood.” 
He patted my arm, calming my shiver.  I leaned back a bit enjoying his touch and savoring his beautiful musky-sweet scent.  I wondered if he had ever witnessed the transformation process before, or if he had turned anyone himself.  A part of me felt a little jealous thinking about it. 
“Only once,” he whispered, leaning close to my ear.
It didn’t make any sense why I would be jealous.  This is what vampires are supposed to do: dine on the blood of humans, right?  And it seemed to be obvious - he had been around a long time.  But this felt so intimate:  being with someone as they literally died, bringing them back from the dead, as it were, and watching them grow stronger and stronger.  And then I remembered the other thing they said could happen. The thing Larkin had warned us about: new vampires could become so uninhibited that they’d end up being intimate with their maker.  The thought of it made me weak, and I slid down onto the edge of the bed again.
My sudden change in position had caused Emrys’ hands to fall from my shoulders, but in one swift movement he dropped down to his knees to be eye level with me. 
Shaking his head and grasping my hands, he gazed into my eyes. “No, that did not happen,” he said with a new intensity.
I smiled then, more at ease, finding relief in his words and his gaze.  I turned to Fiona, and she gave me an understanding grin.  It had become obvious that Rufus already told her of Emrys’ ability to read my thoughts.  I smiled again, this time trying to hide my slight embarrassment.
“Can Rufus read your thoughts as well?”  I asked her.
“No. But he told me all about Emrys: who he is in this society, how far back his blood line goes, and how his father was the Vampire Regent before him.”  
Fiona sat up straighter, smoothing her bright red curls.  It seemed every part of her had become more alive than when she was human - even her hair was shinier than ever.
Then, her words sunk in: Vampire Regent.  That title must mean something more than the position I had thought he held.  Emrys had mentioned a few things in passing regarding his status within this society and how he had to be a good example and such.  I would have to ask him about it later. For now, Fiona was about to stand up and walk in her new vampire body for the very first time.
“Let me help you, my dear.”  Rufus took her hand in his as she let her legs slide over the edge of the bed.  “Take it slow. You may not know your own strength, and you may make yourself dizzy at first.”  
As she stood, I took my place next to Emrys and held his hand, instantly feeling the crackling current.  Fiona faced Rufus, leaned straight into him and kissed him.  I squeezed Emrys’ live-wire hand and glanced up at him, smiling with delight.  
“Fiona got exactly what she wanted tonight,” I whispered.  “She told me this would happen and now it has.  She looks fantastic and so happy!”  
The elated couple turned and looked at us.  Fiona spoke first, “Will you both be our witnesses at our wedding?”  Her eyes were on me, bright and hopeful.
I was thrilled to find there would be a ceremony and nodded my head, altogether excited.
“Yes!” I called out with a wide-eyed grin. 
“Elizabeth, before you can be a witness, you must first be turned yourself.  Only Ravens can be witness for Ravens,” Emrys said, with a note of regret in his voice.  “I am sorry you were not aware of this fact.”
“Was that information in the damn rulebook too?” I wondered aloud, shaking my head.  “There is so much I still don’t know or understand.  I’m so sorry, Fiona.  Would you wait for me?”  The electrical impulses through my hand became stronger when I spoke these words.  I needed to release his hand before mine caught fire from the intensity of it, yet I couldn’t bring myself to let go.  I was so drawn to the unexpected pleasure of it.  It was unreal. 
“I’m sure I can wait as long as Rufus is here with me.  His strength empowers me.  It’s like we were always meant to be together, and now that we finally are, nothing can stop us.”  
She was so radiant, so happy.  A feeling of impatience started growing in me now, wanting what she had, and yet as I realized what I was about to say, my stomach lurched within reminding me of the cost of my decision.  
I turned to Emrys and after a short hesitation, said, “Well, my immortal one, where can we go for some privacy?”  I said it.  Out-loud.  It was too late to take it back. 
“Are you sure you are ready?”  His face was alight with eager anticipation.
As suddenly as the impatience for my new life had come upon me, all the weeds of doubt I had been having took root again.  I had never made a decision that would have so much impact, or be as final as this one.  My life was so deeply intertwined with Melinda’s.  How can I alone decide something that would affect both of us so permanently?  But how could I live without Emrys?  I knew I couldn’t. 
“Yes, I am.”  I nodded, pretending to be brave and telling myself: if Fiona can do this, so can I.
Fiona leapt across the whole bed to get to me, not realizing at first the speed she now possessed, and gave me a warm hug.  Up close as we were, I could see the two little red marks on the side of her neck.  She caught me glancing at her new scars and put her hand over the bite marks.  
“I kid you not, Lizzy, it didn’t hurt.  It was quite pleasurable in a macabre sort of way.”  She took a quick glance at Rufus, but wasn’t successful at hiding her impish grin.  “It’s so hard to explain, but you’ll see.  Send for me when you’re finished transforming.  Alright?”
All of a sudden an overwhelming feeling of concern loomed over me, like dark shadows hovering in the corner, just beyond eyesight.  Would I chicken out at the last moment?  
“Sure.”  I said without pausing, hoping to hide the nervousness in my voice.
We said our good-byes and left them alone, never once letting our hands free from the other’s grasp; we were glued together with a magnetic force stronger than the North Pole.  Walking down a hallway that veered to the left, I admired how the candle light bounced off the narrow walls causing Emrys’ hair to glow with iridescent dark blue streaks.  As we took a sharp turn to the right, we nearly collided with Rohan and a young woman.  I let out a startled gasp, jolted out of my preoccupation with Emrys.  I felt the tension in his hand, but he maintained his composure, as I now had come to anticipate.  
Inspecting this new young face that I had nearly run into, I thought she seemed too young to be at the gathering.  She smiled at me, but her smile seemed contrived.  Instantly, I discerned she was older – much older.  My sixth sense had perked up again; I knew she was a vampire.
I didn’t actually look back at Emrys, but I perceived that he nodded his head in their direction, always maintaining his dignified demeanor.  The woman’s laughter sounded forced and uneasy, and she chirped a quick hello after taking note of Emrys.  I couldn’t seem to speak a word but managed a slight smile.  
Rohan responded to Emrys with a quick and cold, unfriendly nod, and then gave me a sharp, hostile glare.  It would have been better if he had simply ignored our presence. I wasn’t sure if he felt anger toward me for putting him off, or if he was jealous that I’d chosen Emrys, or if my imagination had run amok.  Needless to say, after we passed the hellacious couple and were farther down the hall, I was able to breathe once again.
With a heavy sigh, I said, “That guy gives me the creeps.  What is it about him?”  
Emrys didn’t answer immediately.  Instead, he waited until we had entered the elevator and after he had pushed the button for the top floor.  
“Do you recall when I told you earlier, this was a long story?” he asked.
“Yes, but now I’m even more curious.  Every time we run into him he looks at us like he hates us.  At least he acts like he hates me.”
“It is not you he despises, my lovely one; it is me and all that I am.”  
With a soft touch, he pushed my hair behind my shoulder and bent to kiss my neck, sending smooth velvet volts through me.
“How on earth could anyone hate you?” I whispered through the velvet.  It was the oddest feeling, vacillating between common human conversation and some incredible weightless universe where cosmic waves swept over us.
Like a mild winter storm, he put his lips on my neck, letting the tips of his teeth and tongue touch with an intense lightness.  I lost myself for a moment, until he stood up straight and became more serious.  Back on earth once again.  What had we been talking about?
“I told you the story of my mother and father: how she was defiled by another Raven, and then - my father killed him.”  
Emrys blinked twice, as though he desperately needed to maintain his composure.  He took a deep breath and pressed the red stop button on the silver panel, bringing us to a jerky and abrupt stop.
“Yes.”  I nodded, now feeling his pain, and not sure I wanted to hear the whole story.
He took his time, and with a slowness that showed extreme emotional anguish, leaving long pauses between each sentence he stated:  
“Idris was the vampire who defiled my mother...
“Rohan is the son of Idris...
“My father, Ambrose…killed Rohan’s father…”
I thought about this for a few moments, and as the full extent of this revelation came to me, I was engulfed with a sudden numbing dread.  Frozen with horror, icy chills sent me into a shivering frenzy. This can’t be true!
Shaking my head back and forth, I said, “No!” I did not want to believe it. 
“Rohan and Amrita have the same father?”  
Emrys’ nod was barely visible.
A myriad of thoughts flashed through my mind.  It all began to make more sense now.  Rohan hated the son of his father’s killer.  No wonder he seemed so pissed off.  And, to make matters worse, his half-sister was noticeably close to Emrys, his enemy.  Ah!  
“They have the same father,” Emrys finally responded aloud, “but they are not at all alike.”
But perhaps this explains the dark undercurrent that comes out in Amrita’s appearance. Poor girl! 
“Rohan was newly-turned when his father, Idris, decided he wanted to take my father’s place as Regent,” Emrys said, ignoring my impression of his sister.  “When another male vampire decides he wants to be the leader, he can challenge the Regent to a fight.  If he wins, he becomes the new leader.  Idris lost the battle.  And in his anger and humiliation, he decided to take the next best thing away from my father: the woman he loved.”  Emrys’ jaw tightened; a small indication of the composure he apparently was still determined to maintain.  “Then, my father killed Idris.”
I didn’t know what to say, except, “I am so sorry, Emrys.”
“Rohan was devastated when his father was killed.”  He continued faster now, like he wanted the story to be over with.  “He could not understand the rest of the Ravens siding with my father, the true Regent.  Rohan eventually left, and was gone for over sixty years before any of us heard from him again.”
I then asked the obvious question.  I had wondered about this since he first told me his father had killed a vampire.
“How exactly does one kill a vampire?”
“Decapitation,” he said in a sober tone, as he pressed the button to resume our ascent.  
My hand went up to my own neck involuntarily, and I held my throat, swallowing down a dry chilling shiver as the elevator hitched into action once again.  It was plain to see, Emrys was finished with his story for now. But I still had so many questions to ask him.  I decided to wait until we were settled in the room.
The elevator doors opened, and we stepped out into a small foyer.  Emrys unlocked a door, and we walked into an enormous suite. It was nearly as large as the ballroom, but sectioned off into various sitting areas, and in the far corner I spotted a massive bed with a brilliant white satin comforter and pillows.  Near the bed was a wide spiral staircase.  Emrys guided me to a cozy corner, complete with sofas, lounge chairs and a fireplace, and we sat on a soft pecan-colored love seat.  With all his never-ending affectionate caresses, I understood his reason for choosing the smaller of the two sofas.  
“What a lovely room!”  I said, looking around as we sat close together.  And just as I spoke, the weight of my impending decision settled heavily on me again.  Yes, a lovely room for a - what was that word Fiona had used? - Macabre?  A lovely room for a macabre event.
Emrys nodded but never took his eyes off of me.  He knew my next question before I asked, and I guessed he had to gear himself up to answer.  He gave me a thin smile.
“What ever happened to your father?”  I asked in part to bide my time, but also because I truly wanted to know everything about Emrys.
“I do not know where he is now,” he had started to answer just before I finished asking.  It was obvious he would continue to accommodate my hesitations, though I sensed sorrow in his voice as he continued.  “When I was old enough and had the proper training, he saw to it that I was turned.  This had been my mother’s last wish before he sent her away - it was the one promise to her he managed to keep.  Then a short time later he left us as well.  I presumed he could not bear to be around any longer.  Our existence reminded him too much of my mother.” 
I felt the need to switch subjects; this was just too sad a story.  My God! Was there ever any happiness in this family?
“Was it your father who did it - changed you into a Raven?” 
“No.  I chose the woman who was in charge of Amrita:  Tansy.  She is a loving and kind-hearted woman.  She moved to another society decades ago, although she still visits our home in England.  She kept her promise to my mother and stayed until Amrita was raised, and transitioned.”
“Who....?”  Again, he knew what I was about to ask, when he smiled and interrupted me saying, “Amrita was the one person I turned.”
I was relieved then, knowing now that the only time Emrys had bitten a human was when his sister asked him.  At the same time, I remembered what Larkin had said about inhibitions during this period and wondered about how they managed that.
I raised my hand up to his beautiful long, silky, hair and stroked his head - running my fingers through to the ends, enjoying every single tingle of static I felt.  My eyes met his as I waited to hear the rest.
“I kept Amrita locked up during her transformation and until she was strong enough to stand on her own and take care of herself, and for good reason.  It takes longer and is a much more difficult transition for hybrids than for humans.  From the time she met and married Larkin, she has not stopped thanking me for keeping her pure and safe, so grateful she hadn’t ended up with another.  If only Larkin could realize how very much she loves him.  He tends to worry that my sister will fall out of love with him, and be drawn to another.  That will never happen,” he said with confidence, shaking his head.
“So you know her deepest feelings,” I stated.
“I am not able to read her thoughts, but I could always read her face.  Turning her has caused us to become even closer than we already were.”
I thought about my sister then and felt a heavy blanket of sadness.  I threw my arms around Emrys, clinging to him as tight as possible.  My fingers and arms tangled in his hair hanging far down his back.  “I’m going to miss her so much,” I choked, no longer able to hold back the tears.
“I know, my love, my Elizabeth.  I know.”  His voice came soft and tender.
Losing my sister would be the most difficult thing I had to face.  I knew I’d be grateful for Fiona’s friendship, and there was Amrita, and no doubt, many others I had yet to meet.  But no one could ever take the place of my twin.  How would I live my life without her in it at all, let alone an eternity?  Being more independent from each other wasn’t a bad thing, but trying to imagine never seeing her again – that bordered on the insane.  Flaming hell! How can I do this? I wept even harder.
“In time the pain will ease. I promise I will make you happy, Elizabeth.  My love for you is profound,” he whispered into my hair, caressing me.  “Do not give up hope.  Perhaps your sister will change her mind.  The evening is still young.”  
He continued to hold me close for a long time, and then he pulled back, and using the softest of touches, wiped the tears off of my cheeks.  He kissed my eyes, my cheeks, and then my mouth.  The electrifying sensation was intense.  I felt my whole body fill with it so strongly; the air surrounding us crackled.  Searching deep into my eyes, he pierced my heart and soul, and I knew without a doubt that, somehow, everything would be all right. 
“I love you, Elizabeth.  You belong with me,” he said, with even more passion.
“I know.”  I nodded my head as he continued to peer into my eyes.  “I love you too.”
He pulled me into his arms again and I felt his mouth go to my neck – kissing; velvety, tender kisses, tasting me with his tongue.  Every now and then I felt his teeth as he pulled the skin softly into his mouth.  I took a long deep breath waiting for the initial bite, but nothing happened.
I pulled back, examining his face.  He gazed at me, hunting for my question.
“What’re you waiting for, Emrys?”  I asked, feeling a new braveness welling up.
“Dear, sweet, Elizabeth.  Preparations need to be made.  Your transformation will be far different from the scenes depicted in the movies.  I must prepare myself first so you can receive your initial dose of my life force.  You must drink of my blood right after I drink yours.  Without it, you would die - permanently.  I cannot lose you.”  His voice matched the anguished look on his face.
I thought I saw a shudder run through him.  There was so much that I still did not understand, but at least for now, I felt like I knew what to expect next: before he could drain me, he’d have to take some of his own blood.  I relaxed in his arms again, breathing a temporary sigh of relief.  Now all I had to do was stay brave and wait for him to prepare things.  I had to quit stalling and asking so many questions.  This, I feared, would be easier said than done.

Chapter 12
Calm Before the Storm
Emrys picked up a remote from the table near the loveseat, aimed it at the stereo system, and pressed a button.  Soothing piano music played a pleasing melody as soft violins and flutes mingled with the sound of gently flowing water in the background.  If I had been able to keep my eyes off him, and allowed them to close, I could have drifted off to sleep.  The melody embodied a perfect picture of serenity.
His captivating gaze held me; I was fascinated by his ability to express so many emotions without uttering a word. I felt his undying love for me as it radiated forth.  I sensed his gratitude for the good fortune we had in being guided by The Veinvedia.  I captured his promise to be with me always.  He ran his fingers through my hair and then held my face in the palm of his hands pulling me to him for yet another kiss.  Warm, soft and tender kisses. Always sweet.  I couldn’t believe my good fortune!  It truly would be happening for me, and, it was Emrys! A part of me had hoped he was the one, ever since the first time our eyes met.  And to know, without a doubt, it would be forever - made it that much more exciting.  The passionate way Emrys looked at me and kissed me, made it easy to believe that we would experience a never-ending love.  His warm, yet intense, electrified touches filled me with such exhilaration.  
I marveled at the melody playing in the background.  It seemed to mimic my feelings exactly: gently flowing water - gently flowing emotions, the sweep of the violins and flutes rising to the sweep of electrical surges.  The sound of the soothing piano carrying us down a river of bliss: adrift, and no longer weighed down with worries and cares.  Maybe this will be easier than I had imagined.  I felt stronger, fearless. 
“But first, you have a few more questions for me, don’t you my sweet, beautiful Elizabeth?”
I wondered if I would ever get used to him knowing my every thought.  “I suppose your mind reading could come in handy if I ever lose my voice, but will it always be this strong?” I asked with a slight bit of impatience.
“It could seem even stronger as you experience the quickening - after my blood is freshly consumed.  We will be as one for those few hours until your transformation is complete.  Then it will be... different, my dark haired beauty.”  He put a hand on my head.
My cheeks flushed.  I wasn’t used to hearing so many compliments, not used to the tenderness he showered on me with such great abundance. 
“Oh, but I am the fortunate one,” he said, hearing my thoughts of happiness.  “And yes, I can answer your other question now.”  
I smiled, so grateful he could sense my every need.  
“Before I begin taking your life force, I must remove some of my own and set it aside for you to drink later.  It will give you strength, and supply you with all you need to know about your new life. 
He put his hand on the back of my neck touching the Sign.  It felt hot and a jolt of electricity surged through me.  
“Ouch! What’s that?”
“It is our proof that I am the one who put the Sign there.  If anyone else were to touch you there, you would feel nothing.  You belong to me, and I to you.  Remember when you commented on my medallion, when you touched it that night in the pub?”
“Yes, “I said, recalling earlier this evening how hot it had felt too.  I glanced at it still around his neck.  The raven’s bright red eye glowed in the light.  
“Until that moment in time, the raven’s eye was black.  Now you see clearly, it has turned red.”  He continued slowly, “Your touch has turned an onyx into a ruby.”  
I shook my head, frowning.  “How can...?  Why would my touch...?  I don’t get it.”  
“Sibelle had quoted a line from William Shakespeare’s Cymberline just before she placed this medallion on me.”  He touched the black raven and said from memory:  “Swift, Swift, you dragon of the night, that dawning may bear the raven’s eye.  Then she gave me the prophetic riddle. I did not understand the quote, or what the riddle meant, until the morning after you touched it.  Not only had the medallion been changed, but now when you are near me it becomes hot.” 
I smiled to myself, thinking about how cool and supernatural everything was.  Things kept on happening right before my eyes, which I had never before thought possible.
Emrys went on, saying, “I will be somewhat weakened after drawing my own blood, but your life force will make me even stronger than a normal draft of blood does.  In order to maintain our normal state, we must drink human blood at least every three or four days.  We are never in lack of donors, and there is always a surplus which we keep stored away.  If all else fails, we use animal blood, though the taste is much poorer.  Most agree that lamb is the closest to human blood.  Many of the people you saw here tonight - the doormen, the waiters and other staff members, are human donors.  They are paid quite well and are able to live posh lifestyles.”
“Okay.  I’m switching subjects.  Everyone keeps saying that being turned doesn’t hurt much.  Is this true?” I asked with raised eyebrows.
As Emrys took my hand in his, the electrical surge shot through me - warming me, and as before, calming me.  “I promise you, I will not hurt you,” he started.  “As I explained, I will at first be in a weakened state myself, and it may take some time for my strength to return.  I will be gentle.”  He paused for a minute.  “I love you, my dear sweet one, my Elizabeth.”  His eyes bore into my soul, my life, my eternity.  Without a doubt, he was literally - my immortal.
I took in a long, deep breath, then blew out slowly through my mouth, and finally, in a soft, quiet voice, said, “Okay. Let’s begin then.”  
“No more questions?  Once I begin to prepare myself, there will be no turning back. Would you like to use the rest room, or get something to eat or drink first?” he asked.
Was he the one stalling now?  It had been a long time since he did this himself.  Maybe he felt out of practice.  Perhaps I should give him some time to get himself together.
He chuckled, amused at my silly musings.  For one brief moment, I had forgotten he heard my every thought.
I rolled my eyes at him and snickered, “Sure, where’s the bathroom?”  
“I shall show you, my beautiful one,” he said, taking my hand.
He led me to the far corner of the suite near the bed.  Adjacent to the bed was the spiral staircase, and now I could see that it led to an inviting loft area.  
He walked me up the stairs and pointed to the door.  “Here it is, my love.  I shall begin to prepare things down stairs.  Take your time.”
I kissed his cheek and watched him as he moved down the stairs - quick and light on his feet.  Turning my head back, I discovered a small sitting area which was every bit as lovely as the rest of the suite.  Two wrought-iron chairs stood beside a matching table.  The tabletop was smoked glass and the chairs had black satin pads.  Right in the middle of the table sat a large, white vase containing at least two dozen roses. Here, too, there were wall sconces with candles, all lit and sending out waves of shimmery lights.  I noted the beautiful scent of lavender with a hint of vanilla, all so romantic and calming.  Behind the sitting area I spotted a set of glass doors leading to a balcony which, I resolved, needed further exploring.  But, first things first: I turned to the right and went to use the bathroom.  
While washing my hands, I checked myself in the mirror, assuming this would be the last time I’d see myself as a human.  I touched up my eyeliner and blush, put some fresh lipstick on, and ran a brush through my hair.  I put the tip of my finger on the spot where my sign should be, and felt nothing unusual on my neck at all now. Weird.  Gazing into the mirror, I started daydreaming about the aspect of forever.  It was incomprehensible! Although at that exact moment I knew, without a shadow of a doubt: I was exactly where I was supposed to be.  Of course, I had read that all new relationships started out like this: exciting and wonderful.  Unfortunately for many, the excitement usually wears off in time.  I thought about Amrita and Larkin.  I had seen with my own eyes how she still looked at him after all these years.  And to imagine that Larkin still worried about losing her! How amazing.  The love they shared radiated; anyone watching them would think they were newlyweds.  It appeared that forever actually did exist in this Raven world.  
Blinking back to reality, I took one last look into the mirror, one more deep breath, smoothed out my dress, and opened the door, whispering, “Welcome to forever!” 
I lingered at the top of the steps, listening to the sounds coming from downstairs: glass clinking, plastic and paper rustling, and drawers being opened and closed.  A quick glimpse over my right shoulder, and I remembered my need to explore. 
“Emrys,” I called down the stairs, “Is it okay if I check out the balcony?”  
“Of course.  Take your time; I am not quite ready yet.” I could hear the smile in his voice.
I set my purse down on the table, taking some time to smell the roses. Their delicate sweet fragrance reminded me of a velvety-fresh spring morning.  I inhaled again, enjoying the deliciousness of the moment.  Upon opening the glass door, a cool breeze drifted in; not at all like our freezing wind earlier in the week.  I was flushed from the wine and heat of the fireplace, or possibly the constant rush of electricity that flowed from Emrys to me, and the air felt refreshing on my warm face.  I stepped through the door into the night.  Bright light from the full moon fell on an angle between the trees, lighting up a small section of the balcony.  As I peered over the railing and looked down, I found that our suite seemed to be the highest point of the building.  Far below, a few individuals strolled through the garden pathways, though they looked quite small from this vantage point, appearing to be nothing more than shadows moving among the trees and bushes.  I glanced back up into the sky as a thin cloud passed over the moon, making it appear hazy.  As the cloud moved away, it left a pale, thin ring circling around it.  I marveled at how visible the night sky was here.  With no buildings or streetlights nearby, the stars sparkled brilliantly like a million pieces of glitter tossed across a huge black canvas.  Some of them shone steady and clear, and others blurry and winking.  I spotted the constellation of Orion.  The distinct row of the three brightest stars of his belt made it easy for me to find.  I leaned over the railing and glanced down again taking in a deep breath.  A soft breeze billowed through my hair, clean and crisp, bringing along the scent of fallen leaves sprinkled with dampness.  These aromas mingled with the fragrance of the flowers from below and the candles burning behind me through the open door.  I took another breath, sighing softly.  It was a beautiful autumn night.  I was unbelievably relaxed.  The calmness I now felt was quite unexpected and completely amazing, since I knew full well: this was the last day of my life - my human life.
I spotted someone far below, looking up, and for a moment I thought it was Melinda.  Though it was hard to see clearly, she seemed to be waving at me.  Just then another cloud moved in, blocking out my only light - turning the individual into nothing more than a shadow.  I waved into the darkness wondering if she could see me up this high, guessing we had to be on the fifth floor.  But the shadow just stood there not moving, gazing up - at this point I couldn’t tell where.  Perhaps it was the night sky that caught their fancy and not me at all.  As I continued to peer down trying to see if it was indeed, my sister, all of a sudden the shadow literally vanished into thin air.  It reminded me of watching boiling water turn to vapor.  I shivered as an icy chill spread all through me - whether from the newfound sensation of being watched - or the fact that someone or something had just disappeared before my eyes.  Was that only an illusion brought on by the night, or was I losing it?  I wasn’t sure which thought unsettled me more.  I wrapped my arms around myself and then decided I’d much rather be inside, closer to my long haired vampire as he prepared to take my life, than out here with who knows what.
I pulled the door shut with a slight bang, and grabbed my purse off the table.  As I came down the stairs I could see Emrys; busy at work - his back to me. Just the sight of him calmed me, and I stood for a few minutes in the middle of the stairway; watching him.  Still wearing his black cape, it was so dark that from this angle, his black hair seemed to blend right into it making it look as though he wore a hood.  He stooped down and reached into a drawer, pulled something out and set it on the tabletop.  In the dim light I saw him adding to a collection of various other articles.  At one point he lifted his hair from underneath and pushed it back over his shoulder, and I wondered why he had not changed into regular clothes just yet.
As I continued down the stairs I noticed a new odor, though not anywhere as pleasant as all the floral and candle scents that permeated the room just a while ago.  And that was when it hit me.  This new odor reminded me of the doctor’s office.  It smelled of rubbing alcohol or disinfectant, or a combination of the two. 
Coming closer I realized Emrys was so deep in thought he didn’t hear me.  He finished putting things in order on the table, and then I could see clearly what they were: a syringe and needles, plasma bags, cotton balls, bandages, and yes - there it was: rubbing alcohol.  What?  Since when are vampires concerned about infection?  Behind all this medical equipment stood a large glass decanter and a beautiful, ancient-looking goblet, the only thing there to remind me of our actual plans.
This particular goblet was thick and heavy, made of dark clay on the outside.  The base was carved to look like roots, and the stem formed a tree trunk all intertwined with limbs of brown and tiny intricate leaves of green.  The cupped portion was crafted with a sculpted three-dimensional relief of a huge twisted oak tree, and just below the silver rim, a row of inlaid blue sapphires alternated with engraved stars and moons.  
At this moment in time, I could not fathom drinking actual blood.  Yet as disgusting as it sounded in my own head, overcoming this one tiny problem would be essential; my existence depended on it.  Good intentions aside, my throat closed up – bone dry. Swallowing down the sudden lump, I hoped that Emrys had turned to the sound of my footsteps and not the loud gulp.  He probably heard every thought going through my anxious mind as I glanced around, taking stock of everything in view.
“Elizabeth, my beautiful one - come and sit,” he said turning toward me.  You have only been gone but a few minutes and yet I am glad of your return.”  
He came closer and scooped me up in his electrified arms, lifting me right off my feet. 
How is it that I could be so lucky to deserve all this praise?
“You deserve so much more than you realize.  I have been blessed to spend eternity looking at the most lovely creature ever put in front of me.  I am the fortunate one, my dear.”  
He was so completely gorgeous in every way possible. I absolutely adored everything about him.  I loved his long, black hair and ran my fingers through it.  His face was like a Greek god with perfect features.  I touched his cheek and kissed his nose.  His eyes were so penetratingly perfect, and the way they held me took my breath away.  I simply could not imagine why he had never found anyone else decades ago. He was so warm and kind, so wonderful in every way, not to mention his extraordinary handsomeness.
“Thank you for the compliments,” he said grinning. “Obviously, I had to wait for you, my love!”  
I smiled.  “Well, I’m so happy you waited!”  I had to admit to myself too: I was glad he’d chosen me and not Melinda.  
Still smiling, he shook his head and as the long strands of his hair moved back and forth, they picked up highlights of light from the candle behind him. 
“Truly, Elizabeth, you and your sister are not as alike as you seem to believe.  I see you two as complete individuals, different in so many ways.  I know you, I hear you, and I love every single thing about you; every thought, every nuance, and every blink of your dazzling blue eyes, your perfect lips, and this smile that warms my heart.”  He bent his head and kissed me, holding my face in his electrically charged hands.
I looked up at him, and using two fingers and a gentle touch, pried open his beautiful mouth.  I wanted to get a look at the teeth that would soon be sinking into my flesh.  Were there real fangs involved?
Emrys grinned, raising his chin upwards, and opened a little wider so I could see.  He tilted his head down sideways with a jerking movement, like a tick or a quick nod, and I heard a clicking sound.  Two perfectly pointed and razor sharp teeth popped down through the roof of his mouth, just behind his eyeteeth.  Looking at him straight on, they blended into the front row of teeth so well that the eyeteeth just looked to be longer and sharper.  Retractable fangs, how cool!  I suppose sharper was better than dull; it would hurt less!
“Okay,” I said trying not to sound too anxious.  “How much longer until you’re ready to get on with it?”  My palms were sweating, my stomach fluttered.
“I need a few more minutes, and then it shall be your turn.”  
He went to the table with the medical equipment, sat down at a nearby chair, rolled up his sleeves, and tied an elastic band around his upper arm.  After swiping the inside of his elbow with an alcohol soaked cotton swab, he checked the tubing, fitting it firmly to the plasma bag, and then he inserted the needle into his vein.  The blood began to flow out down the plastic tube, and into the clear bag.  He leaned back and put his feet up on a stool, smiling at me all the while.  As the warm, red liquid drained out, his eyes remained fixed on me.
I sat down across from him on another chair, watching wide-eyed as the blood flowed out much faster than I thought possible.  He started to look a little pale and tired.  He had said he would become weakened, and no wonder, those bags looked like they held a lot; much more than I could imagine drinking, anyway.  I hoped this scene wouldn’t start to turn my stomach.  So far, I had no queasiness, though my head buzzed a bit with the thought of it, and already, my heartbeat accelerated.  Fear or excitement - it didn’t matter now.  It was too late.
“This is for you, my sweet, beautiful, Elizabeth.  All for you, my soon-to-be-immortal one.” And then he added, “You question why we drain the blood this way, do you not?”
I nodded as I stared at the nearly full bag.
“We have tried to become more civilized in the past fifty years or so.  Using the medical equipment is much easier than in the former days when all we had were sharp knives or our own teeth.  It is faster too, and not anywhere near as messy.  We have better control of the flow and the amount of blood let out as well.”
I wasn’t sure if my quick shudder came more from imagining a vampire biting a human or themselves.  And then I tried to imagine the transformation and what it would feel like.
“In the beginning, you will be weak and extremely tired. Your eyes will be sensitive to light and your skin - overly sensitive to touch.  Sounds can seem too loud.  Basically, all of your senses will be heightened.  It takes several hours - somewhere between three to five hours - for the transition process.  New vampires tend to be completely dependent on their makers during this time, and we have been taught to take special care of Newlings, feeding them every hour or so, until they are able to take care of themselves.  It is much like a new human baby - perfectly formed in every way, just lacking the ability to fend for itself.  
“Fiona has already told you about the dreams during resting periods.  These dreams open a link to all that came before.  Everything you desire to know about your maker can be yours.”  He paused for a moment to check the fullness of the clear bag.
“I remember enjoying Tansy’s memories.  They went back to the days of my own father and his childhood home, long before he was turned.  Tansy had been hired first as his nursemaid, and then later as mine.  It was quite strange indeed to see myself from another’s eyes.  It can be a very humbling experience.”  He looked deeper into my eyes then, and added, “I look forward to letting you in on all my memories, Elizabeth.  I have nothing to hide from you, and I want you to understand and know everything about me.  It is only fair, since you cannot hide anything from me, even now before I partake of your life-force.”
“Do all of the vampires do things this way?” I asked.
“No, I am sorry to say, they do not.  There are those who choose to remain closed within themselves, not sharing the intimate details of their lives.  They enjoy their selfish moment of satisfaction, learning everything about the one they turn, but instead of feeding the Newling their own blood, they hire an anonymous vampire.  
“Societies like ours seem to be increasing. Many have now chosen to become more civilized, more careful who they turn, and have ended the use of humans without their consent.  We never kill without good reason, especially just for a blood feast - only to leave the helpless victim with no hope of life.  But, just as there are those who choose not to share themselves with others, there are still those who choose a very different lifestyle.  In just the same way you can compare your human societies;  most humans tend to be rational, generous, loving and humane to others, but still, there is the darker side of humanity; senseless murder, thievery, drug abuse, apathy.  There is good and evil everywhere, Elizabeth.  We are no different.”
This was a lot to think about.  Maybe some of those horror stories weren’t so far from the truth after all.  They say there’s a little bit of truth in every fable.  I was glad I hadn’t run into one of the bad guys, and appreciative that Emrys was one of the good ones.  I whispered a thank you to him and he gave me his brilliant smile, and without a word exchanged, we were on the exact same wavelength.
We sat in silence for a while then; Emrys draining his blood into the three bags, while I sat across from him watching, looking for changes.  He looked tired, and his perfect face paled a little more as time moved on, yet he never took his eyes off of mine except when he needed to change the bags.  He was so adept at this, never fumbling with the equipment; always flawlessly switching the bags over - one could almost believe he did this far more often than he’d said.
I knew he caught that fleeting thought when he smiled and said, “I have helped others during this particular portion of the process, but I make a habit of leaving the room before my fellow Raven partakes of his feast.”  With that, he raised an eyebrow and a look came over his face that I had never seen before: he licked his lips as though he was thirsty.
Something inside of me shifted, and not as I would have expected.  The Sign on my neck, just under my hairline began to heat up and radiated down into my entire being.  I had all I could do to keep myself from jumping up and across the four feet or so to land on his lap and ravish him.  The only thing holding me back was the needle in his arm.  I didn’t want to upset the flow that was soon to be mine, and I started to feel like the amount he removed would quite possibly not be enough.  It was plain to see why the new vampires were locked away as they transformed, for more reasons than one.  All the while these thoughts flew through my mind, and all the while I felt my body beginning to crave this new force, Emrys sat silent and motionless, watching me, feeling me with his mind, tasting my new appetite.  I heard a clicking sound and saw now that his fangs were visible through his smile.  It had to be soon, I didn’t think I’d last much longer in this state.  He was just about finished and I felt waves of excitement, and surges of fear all rolled into one.
“Elizabeth, my sweet, won’t you make sure all the lights and the stereo are turned off while I finish in here?” he asked as he pulled the needle from his arm.
I went all around the room snapping off switches and blowing out candles, leaving the room dim and filled with a lingering scent of smoky-vanilla.  When I came back to Emrys, the only light left was on the nightstand next to the bed, and one lonely candle burned on another table near the foot of the bed.  He had already successfully poured all his blood into the glass decanter, which now sat on the table with the empty antique goblet, and he had disposed of all the equipment leaving the room completely free of disorder.  I looked at his eyes with one more question.
“You may lie on the bed now.  It is time.”
As I walked toward the bed I sensed his eyes on my back.  When I turned down the soft white covers, I felt his breath on my neck as he stood behind me.  When I turned to sit down and remove my shoes, he knelt at my feet removing them for me.  And as I laid my head on the white satin pillow he appeared next to me like an apparition.  I didn’t know if I imagined his fast movements, or if I just moved in slow motion myself, blinking in and out of consciousness.  The whole room seemed to glow with electromagnetic forces, things unseen but felt with intensity.  I glanced over at the glass decanter.  The flame from the candle flickered next to it reflecting its light into the glass making the blood shimmer.  I felt very thirsty - thirstier than I ever remembered feeling in my life.  My life was about to end as I knew it.  But I had a new appetite now, and I reached up and turned off the one light left on in the room.  I laid flat on my back, closing my eyes.  Feeling the heat of him at my side, and our mutual fleshly desires, I said, “Emrys,” so low, so sultry; I wasn’t sure if the voice was my own, and then I whispered, “Emrys do it - now. I give you my life, both now and forever.”  

Chapter 13
From Here to Eternity
And then…nothing happened. 
“What’s going on?” I asked curiously, looking into Emrys’ eyes.  He was inches from my face, leaning his head on one hand, gazing at me with a small grin.  
“If you don’t get on with it, I may have to force myself on you!” I said low voiced. 
Was that silky-smooth voice mine, and did I really just say those words? 
“I want to savor the moment.”  His grin grew wider, revealing his sharp teeth.  “The only other time I had this privilege was under altogether different circumstances.  There were no romantic interests whatsoever, you see; an act of changing a human to Raven, and nothing more.”
“Yes?  Go on,” I whispered, touching his soft whiskers.
“This is completely the opposite: so intimate, so beautiful.”  He touched my face with the back of his hand sending tiny electrical surges through me.  “And, so erotic.  I want to take my time.”  He kissed my neck softly, then pulled back to study me. “I want to taste you, not just take you in,” he said, licking his lips.  “Do you understand?”  
“I think so,” I said, feeling breathless.
His rich, dark hair fell into my face as he leaned down to kiss my forehead.  I inhaled a deep, slow breath - taking in his delicious scent and then, let out a sigh.
“Yes?” he asked, smiling again.
“I know that scent.  It lingered after you left the pub.  I noticed it when I first met you earlier this evening, but I didn’t put it together until now.  It reminds me of something spicy-sweet, and earthy, – a luxurious smoky scent, like rich, aromatic pipe tobacco.  What is it?”  I asked, sniffing again.
“I have a perfumer,” he said in a light tone, “that blends my cologne for me using only the finest essential oils. This combination happens to be....”  he paused to kiss my cheek,  “black raspberry...”  and then the other cheek,  “black currant....”  then he kissed my mouth, and said,  “sweet black licorice....”  His lips went to my neck, lingered a bit and then added, “And patchouli.  Do you enjoy it?”  Before I could answer he kissed my lips again.  
When we came up for air I grabbed a large handful of his hair and put it under my nose.  “Oh, yes.  It becomes you.”  It permeated his skin and lingered on his hair.
Our kisses were deeper now, exploring.  My tongue flicked over his teeth, catching on the razor sharp point.  I pulled away, surprised.  But he drew me back, kissing heavier, accidentally grazing my lower lip with the needle-like tip.  Copper.  Tangy.  Could I ever really desire this taste? He drew my lip into his mouth, and with a gentle suction he sampled a few drops, and licking the lingering driblets, he moaned.  I had no idea if it was me, or the small taste of my blood that caused him such ecstasy.  
“Both,” he breathed, whispery, still kissing.
Wrapping his arms around my back, he gave my zipper a tug.  
“We don’t want to mess up your beautiful dress now, do we?” he asked, his eyes ablaze.  
Tensing up at the new direction he had taken, I wondered if he had changed his mind about the rules.  He didn’t answer this question in my mind.  Instead he pulled me to my side and finished unzipping the dress.  Then he pulled my arms out of the sleeves leaving my top half nearly bare, save for my thin black slip.  
He kissed the hollow in my throat and then moved lower between my breasts, using his mouth - soft and tender; teasing me with his tongue.  His heavenly smelling hair draped down brushing over me, tickling my freshly exposed skin as he reached farther down, pulling the dress completely off and tossing it to a nearby chair.  When he turned back to me, I wasn’t sure if he moved in slow motion on purpose, or if it was just my perception of things, but the whole experience seemed to be taking much longer than I had expected it to take.
“As I just said, sweet Elizabeth, I want to take it slow and enjoy every moment.”  His voice was velvet.  “I want you to remember this as a fulfilling, gentle experience.  I am not the fiend that your movies and books have portrayed me, and I want you to know this first hand.”
Of course I had been more exposed than this when swimming or sun bathing, but the way he looked at me made me much more self-conscious; completely aware of how much he enjoyed the view.  His eyes explored my body, moving slow, taking it all in.  I trembled, anticipating his touch, longing for it, ready to surrender.  Finally, I could wait no longer.  I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him close.  
“Your love, Elizabeth,” he whispered into my ear as he held me tight, “your love shall be the blood that courses through my veins.”  
And as his lips trailed up and down my arms, neck, and face with such a sweet tenderness, it became impossible to imagine him ever being able to hurt me.  When he observed the goose bumps on my arms he pulled his cape over me, and again, I wondered why he was still in his costume.
“I left my clothes back in the dressing room,” he said, answering my questioning thoughts.  “I did not want to leave you even for a moment once you asked me to turn you.  This cape is attached to the shirt and vest.”  He paused for a moment as a sultry look crossed over his face.  “However, I could take it off, if you wish...”  
That comment made me wonder about his past, but I tried desperately not to think about it, not even sure if I wanted to know that part of his life.  But I had to deal with the question he had just put forth.  Did I want him to remove any of his clothes?
It was undeniable - I already desired him in more ways than imaginable and I wasn’t sure if I trusted myself if we were to lie together skin to skin.  My slip was skimpy, barely there at all, and he reacted at once to my silent concerns.  “Do not worry.  I will change later while you rest.”
Emrys eased me over onto my stomach and began to rub my back, kneading the rigid muscles in my shoulders and neck.  Now and then he’d bend to kiss me and his hair would fall forward tickling me each time he moved.  I could only assume that he hoped to get me relaxed before the big event would begin.  It actually worked for a short while, as I found it much easier to relax when I wasn’t looking at him.  He gave a fantastic massage; his touch was warm and strong.  Muscles that had been knotted like an old tree trunk, slowly loosened, however, the steady flow of currents from his hands, his lips, and even his hair, kept me in a heightened state of alertness.  Had it been anyone else touching me, sleep would have been easy.  
After he finished, I rolled over and took him into my arms, finding the same electrical force on my front side.  It was surprising how relaxed I felt; the strange unearthly feelings didn’t seem to bother me any longer.  
Our kisses grew more passionate, and at one point I thought about tearing his costume off myself and tossing away my supposed unwavering plan to remain chaste until marriage.  I knew with every fiber of my being that we’d be together forever.  What difference did a few hours and a little ceremony make?  I had almost convinced myself to give in, and when he moved on top of me I believed it was only moments away.  He seemed quite interested in going along with the idea in my mind, and as he positioned himself firmly in place, pressing his body down on me, I thought surely this was it.  Our lips were still locked together as he took my hands and held them above my head.  He then pressed more of his weight down - pushing me harder into the bed.  My hands were now in a vice grip as he held them tight and I began to get the first inkling of being helplessly trapped.
I realized then that he had been working at getting me immobilized.  Not ready for what I had been so eager to do - that would have to wait.  It was now clear; I had mistaken his intentions.  Oh, he was excited, to be sure, but not in the sense another man would have been.  He wasn’t necessarily trying to arouse me at all.  This was his way to prepare me to give myself to him in a completely different way and I now understood what was really about to happen. 
As much as I knew I wanted this, a deep surging sense of fear crept over me; fear of the unknown, fear of pain, fear of death itself.  It didn’t help when claustrophobia set in as he continued to restrain my arms above my head.  He repositioned his legs and body in such a way as to keep me pinned, trapped; utterly and completely helpless.
My heart hammered - at first only in my chest.  It then radiated its thunderous banging up into my head.  The incredible speed and loud pounding of my heartbeats became deafening in my ears, and at the same time promised to burst through my chest wall in an explosion of searing pain.  My panicked breathing came faster, spasmodic; a frantic panting.  Air pumped in and out of my lungs, rapid-fire, making me dizzy.  I tried to take deeper breaths, but found it impossible to get enough oxygen; the air had turned to thick molasses - suffocating and hot.  My ragged breaths came loud and raspy; as though I was screaming.  
Emrys gazed at me then, and sudden waves of ecstasy washed over me along with an acute awareness of what he experienced at that exact moment:  He savored his supreme sense of dominance while keeping me restrained - powerless and at his mercy.  He urgently hungered for my blood.  And, he was quite noticeably aroused. 
He stared at me, face to face, and I watched in awe as his eyes began to change.  A dark red ring begin to encircle his pupils, and then the entire iris changed colors - first from deep black to brown, and then finally to red.  He became a predator, focused and intense just before leaping for its prey.  He appeared famished, and until that moment I never realized one could emit such a look.  He licked his lips in a slow and deliberate motion, as though he could taste me already, his tongue pausing the shortest miniscule of a second on each sharp tooth.  Closing his crimson red eyes, he eased my head to the left with his free hand, exposing my neck.  Ripples of adrenaline coursed through my veins as I lay pinned down; no escape possible - my throat so vulnerable now, clearly defenseless and open to his attack.  A low growl came from deep within his chest and a shiver washed over him, the electricity surging between us at its maximum voltage.  He moved his head down, unhurried, but with determined intent.  His hair fell forward draping across my face, and he took a long deep breath, inhaling my scent.  Then, in one quick movement, he pierced my skin with his fangs.  It was intense and sharp - but exquisite. The initial pain instantly changed to pleasure as Emrys began to emit murmurs of ecstasy - for now he had savored his first mouthful of my very essence.  
He started out slow at first: sucking and swallowing.  The hold he had on my upraised arms relaxed a bit, though not nearly enough to be free of his grasp.  Amazingly, it never occurred to me to even try pulling away.  Each moan grew deeper and louder as he quickened his drinking.  And now, my heart pounded even more fiercely than before, drumming in my head – echoing, an angry, banging sledgehammer.  My entire body pulsed with its rhythm.  The thumping hammered so hard, so fast, that it was maddening. 
They had all been right, the initial pain was minimal.  Like getting your ears pierced, lasting only a moment or two.  I felt more bothered by my own fears and the fact that I could barely control the strange noises coming from my voice, and the increasing sensation of having to escape.  Yet somehow at the same time, I basked in the heightened awareness of the extreme pleasure that I freely gave to him, and more than that, according to all he had told me, this fresh, pure life force he took from me now would bond us in ways unknown to humans and fill him with more strength and power than ever.  My mind went back and forth as I reeled between light-headed euphoria and the need to escape, from dizziness to claustrophobia. This vacillation would have been enough to drive me insane if the feeding continued much longer.
Finally, as my heart started to slow with the steady rhythm of his drinking, I became aware of a new sound that seemed to be localized in my right ear: a disgusting gurgling sound, followed by his swallowing.  Gurgle and swallow, gurgle and swallow - like the sound of a straw when a thick liquid has almost emptied but for the bottom of the glass.  These sickening sounds of the blood leaving my body were horrific and repulsive.  A moment later nausea welled up and then the sweating started.  All of a sudden I had the feeling that my throat had closed up and I started to choke.  I was suffocating.  Fearing what was next, coldness gripped me - my hands and feet grew numb, and I began to twitch and tremble as an icy emptiness enveloped me.  A dreadful weakness followed - my body heaved upwards, and I knew my life had begun to ebb away.  My heartbeat slowed.  The thumping grew dimmer and slower still.  And then I heard no sounds at all, no more gurgling noise, no breathing sounds.  I felt no pain, fear or angst.  A deep, restful, and unforgettable serenity washed over me.  My entire being relaxed as though I was floating - no longer a prisoner of this world.  One last thing entered my mind, and that was the face of my Emrys as he lovingly caressed my cheek.  And then my body and my mind became tranquil, void of all thought and care.  Everything went absolutely and completely black.
* * *
Within the darkness came a peace I had never felt before.  No sounds, no tastes, no feelings, or scents.  First, only a dim awareness of myself- my spirit or my soul, my mind or my being, it all felt the same - it was still me.  Then, little by little, all of my memories came back.  I traced my whole life:  from childhood to college, as a movie screen in my mind, I saw everything.  And then, Emrys came to my mind’s eye.  Pure, unfathomable feelings of love flowed over me.  I knew he loved me - all of me: my past, my present, and my future.  It was undeniably beautiful.
“Drink, my sweet Elizabeth.  Drink of my élan vital as I have of yours.”  With the sound of his soft whisper came the realization that I was not dead.  As he cradled my head in his hand, lifting it with a gentle touch, I became aware of his sweet, spicy scent.
Something pressed up against my lips and all at once a new aroma filled my senses.  The warm liquid spilled into my mouth.  It was dense and sweet, coating my throat with a velvety smoothness.  It warmed my insides immediately and gave me the sensation of being aware, having life, and waking up for the first time after a long, deep sleep.  I never knew being alive could feel so incredible, so marvelous.  I lifted my hands to his hand, feeling the warmth of his skin as he gripped the goblet.  I pulled his hand closer and tipped the cup up, drinking in more and more of his vital essence, his life force...his blood.
“Not too fast, my love,” he said, whispering.  “Savor the moment.”
I did.  It invigorated me.  This amazing sensation was like plunging into a cool ocean on a sweltering, hot summer day and feeling the water slipping over sun-scorched skin.  There were no words for some of my feelings, but I was filled with images of pleasure;  the joy of seeing the sunshine break through the clouds after a long week of rain, the sky broad and open, light and rich in oxygen.  The delight in seeing the first snow cover of the year, when everything is cloaked - stark white, pure and unspotted.  I felt overwhelming love for Emrys, unconditional and unending.  And I was thirsty for more from the goblet.  This sweet, red, and warm liquid.  I’d found my dessert.  
I eased open one eye, but the dimly lit room was far too bright for my new senses.  This type of pain could cause an immediate migraine.  Emrys placed a soft piece of cloth over my eyes to help keep the light out.  
“There, keep those beautiful eyes covered for now.”  
I knew another pain then: even though he spoke in a whisper, his barely audible words resonated as though I stood beside a reverberating speaker at its fullest volume.  I let my head fall back down into the pillow, pulling the edges up around my ears to block out this noise.  His soft touch on my hand felt as if he used a searing, hot iron and his gentle kiss to my forehead was fiery hot. 
“Rest now, my lovely one,” he said.  His muffled footsteps walking away sounded more like a stampede.  And then, I dreamed.

Chapter 14
Death Is Only a Dream
Discovering the ability to control my dreams was absolutely mind-boggling.  The simple act of thinking of a question would bring me the answer. Some of the dreams came in simple images caught as a bit of a memory, like a photograph of a moment in time, and some came more detailed, as a short conversation or a short, silent film.  There was no rhyme or reason to the order of the dreams, for in dreams - time does not exist. 
* * *
Thinking about Emrys’ mother and what she looked like, I learned that she had beautiful eyes just like his: striking, but darkest amber, with thick dark lashes.  Phoebe was her name.  Her hair was darkest chocolate brown, always worn up as was common for her day.  Her personality was one with a gentle and loving spirit, her smile warm and soft.  I caught a glimpse of Phoebe as she scolded her son when he was unruly, but she never raised her voice.  Sitting him on her lap, she persuaded him with a gentle and quiet voice, explaining the importance of obedience and truthfulness, regardless of the  outcome.  She smiled  while  teaching  him  to  forgive others even when they did not deserve it.  Phoebe’s hugs were generous, and sometimes given without merit.  She taught Emrys to be kind, to love nature, and always use good manners.  I dreamed about their happy times together: trips to the ocean or the big city.  On their walks in the woods she’d point out plants and animals and he helped her gather wild mushrooms.  She read to Emrys every night before bed, showing him the blessing of books.  Some of his favorite memories from childhood started out with the soft-spoken voice of his mother, saying: “Once upon a time…”
At one point an intense pang of sorrow gripped me, and I realized that I now felt all of his feelings. This was his sorrow.  Emrys missed his mother so very much, that I couldn’t bear the pain.  I had to turn my mind away from his sadness.
Emrys’ father was a tall man, large in size and in spirit, strong, even-tempered, a kind and just man.  Ambrose adored his family above all else, but he was a fair and just leader and always made sound decisions that would benefit their whole society.  When Idris challenged his authority, Ambrose was initially shocked; knowing how fair he had always been, and secondly, deeply saddened that one in his own household had become so hungry for power.  It was hard for him to acknowledge that anyone felt the need to take his place.  He had a discussion with Emrys the evening before the fight, explaining to his son what should take place if he lost, and that Emrys should be sure to remain honorable and follow the new vampire Regent with steadfast loyalty as if he were his own father.
“My son,” Ambrose put a hand on Emrys’ shoulder.  “Honor above all else.  If Idris becomes our new leader, you must follow him.  It is the way of the Ravens.  Always remain loyal to your Regent.”
I felt the chaos churning within his young mind, the horrible conflicting thoughts as he listened to his father.  Emrys’ decision was made prior to the battle; he would obey his father’s wishes no matter what transpired, even though the thought of having to respect and honor Idris vexed him greatly.
“Yes, Father.”  Emrys held his head up high.  “I will.”
I watched the battle from behind his eyes.  It was long and brutal, using only wits and fists, no weapons were allowed.  Both men followed the rules of engagement.  The first to fall unconscious would be the loser.  Before long both were bloody and staggering.  Idris succeeded in landing a direct hit to the mouth with his large ring, causing the blood to flow freely from Ambrose.  In his arrogance, Idris allowed this small success to go to his head, smiling and dancing about with a prideful swagger.  Ambrose blindsided him with one quick and powerful fist to the temple.  Idris went down with a heavy thud and Ambrose won. The cheering onlookers moved in and carried their beloved Regent away, leaving Rohan glaring angrily after them, tending to his father alone, his face flushed with shame and rage.
Emrys cheered inwardly, although he contained himself in pubic and showed no animosity toward Idris, just as his father would have expected of him.  When they were alone later that evening, Emrys congratulated Ambrose, embracing him.  He was proud of his father, and relieved at the outcome.  The words his father spoke remained with him. 
“Always remember, my son, there are fates much worse than the loss of your place in our society.”  As it turned out, it would have been a better fate for all concerned, if Ambrose had lost that battle.  
My dream jumped then to the horrific day when their fate turned on them.  I couldn’t see the actual attack on Phoebe; it had taken place out of everyone’s sight.  But the resulting consequences were seen by all.  Emrys watched as his father stormed out of their private quarters, his face wrenched in agony, red and swollen from anger and tears.  Emrys turned an ear toward the door, hearing his mother weeping hysterically and before he followed his father, he sent the woman, Tansy, to comfort Phoebe.
He found his father in the armory as Ambrose took out his sharpest double-edged sword.  Emrys tried to stop him, reminding him of his honor as Regent, but none of his words mattered.  Ambrose had already made up his mind.  “I have already lost your mother!  What does it matter if I lose my own life?”  His voice was cold and raw.
Of all his memories, this was the only one Emrys had in which true fear took hold of him.  He followed Ambrose to Idris’ private quarters and watched as his father kicked in the main door.  In all his life he had never seen his father so full of hatred.  
Ambrose called Idris out with an order to meet in the courtyard, telling him to bring his own sword.  This battle would be to the death, unlike their first one. 
Through the open doorway Emrys saw the surprise on Rohan’s face which immediately changed to a sneer of contempt when their eyes met.  Even though Rohan chose the role of arrogance, Emrys had to believe that, deep inside, he must be feeling the same clutch of fear as he did.  One thing was certain; they were both aware that before the day was out, one of them would be fatherless.
I only allowed myself to see a part of the sword fight.  The ferocity and rage within Ambrose made for the most violent battle Emrys had ever witnessed in his life.  With a frenzied look in his eyes, Ambrose slashed and sliced bits and pieces of his enemy: a finger here, a piece of arm there, and then an ear.  All natural forms of true swordsmanship gone, no holds barred: Ambrose became a monster of revenge.
By the time Idris lost his head, the courtyard was splattered in blood.  Ambrose screamed a long slur of obscenities as he ran about in circles like a raving madman, holding up the severed, bloody head of Idris for all to see.  Of those that watched, only the humans recoiled in disgust and hurried away.  The Ravens stood quietly by as they watched their leader transform before their eyes.  Emrys winced as his father wailed and shrieked repeatedly until his throat went dry.  This was not his father.  Emrys now feared he had lost his father to insanity.
This horrific ordeal would be too overwhelming for anyone to deal with, much less such a young man still in his teens.  My heart broke for Emrys and his family, and I could no longer think about it.  
I willed this dream to fast forward and sought a happier memory; the bittersweet joy of caring for his new baby sister and watching her grow.  Emrys followed his mother’s example, teaching Amrita to enjoy reading and learning.  He taught her to be an honest, respectable person – always setting a good example, and maintaining all the excellent character qualities his mother had imparted to him.  It wasn’t always an easy task to care for this child, but he did his best.  She was all he had left of their mother, and he watched over her like an older brother would, as they were both motherless.  He enjoyed seeing her grow into a lovely young lady, and he loved her dearly.  Being age seventeen when she was born, he was able to relate to her almost as a father would have, and he refused to think that any of the negative traits of her real father,  Idris, would ever be passed on to her.  Once Amrita joined him in the Raven society, they became even closer as he taught her all their ways.  
When Emrys took over as Regent, he sometimes sought his sister’s advice.  It didn’t matter to him that she had the blood of Idris.  As far as he was concerned, their mother gave them the same beginnings: wisdom, intellect and good nature.  Together, they made a good ruling unit, although Emrys alone was recognized as true Regent.  Their relationship changed once she met and married Larkin.  But Emrys was happy for his sister, and more often than not, satisfied with the way she had grown and matured.
* * *
I heard Emrys’ voice calling to me, gentle and subdued.  I felt his warmth, and smelled his sweet-smoky scent as he sat on the edge of the bed.  He helped me sit up, holding my head in his palm.  Small waves of charged particles flowed through his hand into me. 
“It is time for another drink, my lovely one,” he said, keeping his voice low to protect my sensitive ears.
Suddenly feeling a new unquenchable thirst, I was more relieved than thankful when he put the goblet to my lips once more.  It tasted just as amazing as the first time I drank in his life force, perhaps even sweeter.  An unexpected moan slipped out as I sipped the smooth red liquid.  His blood had a heavy, rich flavor - one I was already addicted to and knew I would crave again in no time at all.  I emptied the goblet and licked my lips with a sigh, savoring even the tiny bits that lingered on my mouth.
Emrys eased me back down onto the pillow and then kissed my forehead. This time his lips were only semi-hot, a tangible improvement since the last fiery kiss.  I hoped to open my eyes soon, without the feeling of them bursting into flames.  For now, I made sure they stayed closed, keeping the cloth in place to block out any little glimmer of light.  And then I slept.
* * *
I had more dreams then; visions of partially hidden pathways leading to unknown places.  In the far distance, I saw a castle sitting atop a hillside.  A moment later I found myself closer to the hillside, directly in front of the castle.  Crouching on either side of the large arched entryway to the property, giant ornate statues of lions stood guard.  Perched on the top of the brick archway was a huge carved sculpture of a raven.  His head cocked to the right, endlessly watching over the roadway.  I wondered whose property this was and immediately knew:  it belonged to Ambrose and his family.  At the same time, I realized that this memory came from Tansy, the woman who not only helped raise Amrita, but also turned Emrys.  This was unbelievable!  A memory that had been imparted to Emrys during his transformation!  Tansy had been brought to the castle as a young woman to help care for Ambrose when he was a child, and this was her first vision of the estate.  Seeing only a few images of Tansy’s memories during her stay was enough.  What a good feeling to discover she truly cared about Amrita and Emrys when they were children.  I was glad to know they had not grown up completely without the compassion and guidance of a gentle woman’s touch.  But for now, I much preferred to know more of my one true love, and how he spent his long lifetime before finding me.
A second later, I was in the window seat of an airplane, looking down on the earth.  Far below loomed nothing but endless acres of the deep, dark ocean.  Emrys sat alone in first class.  He seemed apprehensive, unsure of an idea forming in his mind.  He tapped his foot as he thought about it, feeling a bit anxious.  He toyed with the idea of changing the rules that the Ravens had in effect for well over one hundred years.  Although something this big would require a unanimous vote, he doubted that could ever happen.  Too many of the Ravens were set in their ways, unwilling to bend or change; and he felt his hands were tied.  
Leaning to reach for a magazine, his black hair fell forward.  Two women sitting behind him whispered to each other, although not quite soft enough, and he heard everything they’d said.  He chuckled to himself as he listened.  Their remarks, for the most part, sounded positive, exclaiming how handsome or poised he was, how distinguished and elegant he appeared, even though his hair was longer than most women’s were.  Their conversation reminded him of how women often gawked at him and some were even brazen enough to approach him.  But I sensed his disinterest.  He waited for something deeper, something real; at the very least, he wanted a love similar to what Amrita and Larkin seemed to have together.  Or, the same as what his parents used to have.  He remembered the last time he put his sign on a woman, and when she had chosen another, he vowed never to be that gullible again. 
But here he was, on the way to Providence, wondering if he was breaking his own vow.  Would it be worth all the effort it would take to find the one Sibelle had prophesied about?  Sibelle had told him that this one would be different.  She was the one he was meant to be with, that if he had sought Sibelle’s guidance earlier, he would have known that the other girl was not.  He had a lot of doubt, even though this time he had done it differently.  
He remembered watching as Sibelle drank the small vial of his own blood.  She had explained to him the promise of The Veinvedia.  A true Raven prophet was given a glimpse into the future of the individual whose blood she drank.  Blood vision she had called it.  Afterwards, she gave him her prophecy, which came in the form of a riddle.  It was up to him to decipher, and find his true love.  
As he left her cottage her words rang in his head over and over: “May the Veinvedia guide ye, Emrys!”  
And now he found himself on a plane heading for America.  Unbelievable as it seemed, his destiny just happened to live in the same town where the next Gathering was to be held.  He had only a few months in which to locate and place his Signatus on her.  Reaching into his pocket he pulled out a small notebook and started looking for the page where he had scribbled the words as Sibelle gave her prophecy.  He believed he had most of it figured out, and he had re-read her riddle so many times, he knew it by heart.  Nevertheless, he found the entry, and read it once again:

True fortune told with no pretense-
Your fate is sealed in Providence.
Tho’ on this eve ye shall see two-
A single Rose calls forth to you.

Ye shall spy yon dark haired lass-
When ye gaze beyond the glass.
Eyes of blue, hair liquid black-
Flowing freely down her back.

Many eyes shall turn her way-
When she smiles at end of day.
Listen!  Thoughts of innocence-
Still ye seek more evidence!

Have ye seen such beauty; rare?
Fear not when it draws your stare;
For she sees deeply in your eyes-
And knows within you are no lies.
The truth revealed with proof ahead-
When the raven’s eye glows red.
And when ye drink down her last breath-
This lass shall never taste of death.

Trust your instincts, and two shall be-
As one - for all eternity.
Living Immortality.
* * *
At this point, knowing I was dreaming, I thought about how very weird it would be to see myself from Emrys’ perspective.  I pushed further into the future: to his memory of seeing me for the first time.
* * *
It all started on a hot and humid evening late in summer.  He made sure he kept to the shadows, moving only when necessary and then so fast - no one noticed him at all.  He knew she’d be there - at the same pub the girls always met for pizza.  The new term was about to begin, and many of the students had already moved back into their dorms.  
After a little detective work, he found two women with the last name of Rose who were beginning their senior year.  He was intrigued with the fact that they were descendants of his father’s acquaintance from well over one hundred thirty years ago.  Perhaps this did mean something after all.  He began to allow himself to feel some excitement at this new possibility.  What if Sibelle’s prophecy was true?
He sat alone in a dark corner, waiting, watching.  His corner grew darker yet, once he blew out the lone candle sitting in the middle of the table.  The pub began to feel crowded and noisy.  There were too many loud talking, obnoxious people - men and women alike looking for one thing only, someone to hook up with, just for the night.  It sickened him that no one in this generation seemed to be interested in lifetime commitments.  But then, they were only human.
A redhead walked in wearing a pair of shorts and a tank top.  She came with a girl wearing a sundress, her long hair braided and pulled back into a ponytail.  He listened to them chattering as they looked around for a place to sit.  They wondered when Lizzy would get there.  As it was, they chose a table directly across from his, and just as the chattering was about to drive him out of the pub altogether, he saw a movement through the glass window; a woman who had long dark hair walking toward the door of the pub. His mind went back to the words of the prophecy:  a dark-haired lass, beyond the glass.  He knew she had to be the one when he saw that she looked just like the other girl with the braid.  He recalled more from the riddle:  Tho’ on this eve, ye shall see two - A single Rose calls forth to you.  She wore her hair down, flowing long and straight, black as coal, shimmering and shining, and as she came in the doors, she waved at the other two girls.  She wore a pair of black capris and a white t-shirt.  He couldn’t take his eyes off of her.  Even though she looked exactly like the other girl, her twin, there was something different about her. He perceived something pulling him in toward her; connecting them.  He sensed emotions being stirred up that he had never felt before. And, he simply could not get over how beautiful she was.
Her smile lit up the room.  Heads turned to watch as she eased through the mass of tables and chairs.  Her hair glistened in the soft candle light, nearly as black as his own.  Her almond-shaped eyes were dark blue, outlined with black eye liner.  They appeared at once intelligent and yet innocent, intense yet soft, and they smiled along with her mouth which was adorned in ruby red lipstick.  Her mouth!  Lips that were full and sensuous, lips he began to imagine pressing to his own mouth, with long and lingering kisses.
He was amazed at the way she could make even a t-shirt look magnificent; the way it clung to her body, caressing every rounded curve, showing the slightest sliver of bare skin near her navel.  His gaze was drawn then to her throat.  The skin was ivory and silken, her soft hair drifting down around the sides covering up the most appealing area, the side of her neck.  He was enchanted by her beauty, but even more than that, he felt like he already knew her.  Never before had this happened.  His hands begin to quake with electricity, and as he rubbed them together he was filled with a new and unexpected excitement.  
As she approached the table, her smile said she was happy to see these girls, and as she got closer, he realized he could actually hear her thoughts coming through as loudly as if she spoke directly to him!  If he hadn’t seen her closed mouth, he wouldn’t have believed it, but he heard:  I shouldn’t be wasting my time, I should be getting my things unpacked, setting up my computer, and organizing my books for class.  This year is going to be so long, I just know it.  I wish it was over already.  Look at all these people, eating and drinking and carrying on like nothing else is as important in the whole world.  I don’t even belong here, I should be living...Aww, look how cute Lindy looks with her hair in a braid like that, and Fiona looks radiant tonight.  And then he saw her lips moving, and she said, “Hi Lindy, Fiona.  Did you order yet?”  He found her voice to be as entertaining and delightful as her unspoken words.
He sat there all the while the three girls ate their pizza, listening to their conversations and the random thoughts going through Elizabeth’s mind. It never once occurred to him that he could be eavesdropping; the prophecy told him to listen.  
She thought about her classes, and what she’d do when she graduated in June.  She thought about their dorm room and how crowded it would be, and she tried to pay close attention when either of the other girls spoke, but time after time, her mind wandered back to all the work she should be getting done.  She didn’t have one unloving or unkind opinion in her mind regarding her sister or friend.  Even the childish antics of her fellow students were only a slight irritant in her mind.  He could not find one bad, unwholesome, selfish, self-serving idea inside of her.  The closest thing to negative was when she worried about her own looks, which he found incredible, since anyone with at least one working eye could see how ravishingly beautiful she was.  She appeared to have no egotistical or narcissistic thoughts.  What surprised him the most was that he was already convinced: he was absolutely, irrevocably, madly, head over heels in love with this raving beauty.  She was so pure and innocent, so beautiful, everything he ever wanted in a woman, and so much more than he could ever have imagined.  
Still, he stayed back in the shadows, and she did not notice him, but only because he did not let himself be seen.  He needed to observe her to see how she lived her life, to make sure she was genuine and as innocent as he believed her to be, and now, more than anything, he needed to find a time and place he could put his Signatus on her without her knowledge.
* * *
This dream had captivated me, and I wondered if Emrys could see me smiling right now as he watched and waited for me to wake up again. But I wanted to go forward again.  To the day he placed his sign on me.
* * *
He had followed the three girls to the mall and watched as they bought tickets to the movie.  Waiting only a moment, he bought himself one ticket and found a seat a few rows behind them.  Before the movie ended he got up and moved to the row just behind theirs.  He knew he had to time it just right, and not be too obvious in his movements.  He waited until she had leaned forward just enough to reach his hand between her head and the seat and as he placed his thumb on her he felt the jolt of electricity pass between them.  It was stronger than he expected, and she jumped forward and yelped.  He stood immediately and whispered, “Sorry.”  As he exited the theater he chuckled to himself as he heard her complaining about rude people.  Ah, I did have some flaws!
From that time on, his thoughts of possessing the woman became more intense, and even though it was hidden from view, his raven image marked her.  This mystical sign would draw her closer to him and open her eyes up to the truth of what their future should be.  As he walked out into the mall he looked down at his medallion, thinking about what Sibelle had said, and he pondered ways in which to get Elizabeth to touch it.  
He remembered Sibelle’s exact words:  “Once the lass touches it, ye will ken she is the one.  I have given ye many proofs.  Dinna waste them.”  
He realized getting her to touch it would not be an easy task.  He would eventually have to meet and speak with her for the final proof, even though his mind and his whole being had already told him she definitely was the one.  This final proof would be helpful if there arose any doubt in the future.
As he walked through the mall, he recalled some of the stories Sibelle had told him through the years.  He had often asked her questions about her own origins and how she came to have such prophetical powers.  She once revealed to him that, when she was but a babe, she had been given her first drink from the skull of a raven, which gave her powers of prophecy and wisdom. She had told him she was born on an island near the west coast of Scotland over seven hundred years ago.  The place was called Hebrides and it dated back to 6500BC, the Celtic era, when many legends were born.  It housed the Callanish stone circles where mystical events occurred frequently.  Another time she mentioned that this isle of Hebrides was known to inspire many visitors throughout the years, some of them she’d even met in person.  She loved to speak of the famous men she had met throughout all her years there, though no one took it as bragging as she spoke in a quiet, humble manner.  His memories of Sibelle’s voice came through so vivid and real that I almost felt like I had gone with him and heard her speaking myself.
“Mendelssohn composed one o his famed overtures while livin here, and George Orwell wrote his book, 1984, while on the nearby isle of Jura.”  She smiled her crooked little smile, a frail looking woman, with wild, curly brown hair and violet eyes. No one would expect her to be a day over forty, yet he knew better.  “Och, and there wis that lad wha wrote his screenplay while on holiday at Eileen Shona; Barrie was his name, ye micht remember the yarn o Peter Pan?”  Her smile widened then, and Emrys wondered what she was thinking, though these details she kept to herself. 
“William Wordsworth wrote one o his most famed poems wi the setting in the Hebrides.”  She said, “but dear, Emrys, I am doon wi all me memories for now, if ye seek to ken more, ye’ll have to find oot for yerself.”  
I sensed that Emrys did not pay much attention to Sibelle’s physical looks.  I never got a clear picture of her face, even though he knew the color of her eyes and hair.  
Suddenly back at the mall, completely in awe, I saw things from his perspective again.
Emrys stepped out of the bathroom and began to walk down the long hallway toward the food-court.  The three girls were walking directly toward him.  She had her eyes on her sister, asking about sunglasses.  He kept walking toward them prepared to step to the side at the last minute.  A fleeting moment of electrical energy passed between them as they breezed by one another, their arms almost touching.  He kept walking when he heard her gasp. She felt it.  The Signatus had already started working.  He sensed her eyes on him as he walked away and turned the corner.  He knew it was just a matter of time, and he would have to make eye contact.  Then he would know for sure.
I dreamed then of the notebook that Emrys carried with him.  He had written some poetry of his own through the years, intrigued by the fact that Sibelle’s prophecies sometimes came as a rhyme.  He even wrote down some of his favorite poems so he could open a page and now and again enjoy beautiful words.  One of his favorites was called “Solitary Reaper” by William Wordsworth, and he had read it over many times.  One of those times, I was able to read it over his shoulder, so to speak:

Behold her, single in the field, 
Yon solitary Highland Lass
Reaping and singing by herself; 
Stop here, or gently pass! 
Alone she cuts and binds the grain, 
And sings a melancholy strain; 
O listen! for the vale profound 
Is overflowing with the sound. 
No nightingale did ever chaunt 
More welcome notes to weary bands 
Of travellers in some shady haunt, 
Among Arabian sands: 
A voice so thrilling ne’er was heard 
In spring-time from the cuckoo-bird,
Breaking the silence of the seas 
Among the farthest Hebrides.
Will no one tell me what she sings? - 
Perhaps the plaintive numbers flow 
For old, unhappy, far-off things, 
And battles long ago: 
Or is it some more humble lay, 
Familiar matter of to-day? 
Some natural sorry, loss, or pain, 
That has been, and may be again?
Whate’er the theme, the maiden sang 
As if her song could have no ending; 
I saw her singing at her work, 
And o’er the sickle bending; - 
I listened, motionless and still; 
And, as I mounted up the hill, 
The music in my heart I bore, 
Long after it was heard no more.
* * *
Fiona was right.  Most of the dreams were beautiful, and it was plain to see which memories meant the most to Emrys.  They gave me personal glimpses into his mind; all of his desires, dreams, emotions, good and bad.  Now that neither of us had any secrets from each other, there would be no reason to ever think we’d held anything back.  We gave one another everything there was to give - so far.  As I started to wake up again, many of my own thoughts had begun to stir regarding the very near future: the ceremony we would go through making us husband and wife, and the intimate things we would share soon thereafter.  My waking this time brought with it a new hunger as well as thirst.  
Squinting through the smallest possible opening between my eyelashes turned out to be - not such a great idea.  It seemed as bright as the sun on a hot summer day, and my eyes burned as if they had caught fire.  I had to close them immediately and replace the cloth.  Emrys sat near me on the edge of the bed, and though his scent was as delicious as ever, a new tantalizing aroma gave me an unexpected wave of thirstiness and along with it came a quiet clicking sound.  Instantly reminded of what I had become, I ran my tongue over my new teeth, marveling at their sharp, pointy tips.
“Yes!  Give me more!”  Calling out in a dry whisper, my voice cracked; my throat suffered from a drought.  But there would soon be crimson rain.  The liquid gurgled as he filled the cup again, and I hurried to sit up – it seemed a bit easier now.  Emrys was ready and holding the goblet for my groping hands. Drinking with joy, his blood renewed me with an ever-increasing strength.  I knew now without looking that my face glowed just as Fiona’s had.  I wondered how my hair looked and instantly felt foolish, knowing Emrys could hear my thoughts.  After all, I had yet to meet an ugly looking vampire, but couldn’t help being curious about my own changes.
“It is a rather normal question; wondering about the changes taking place within your new self,” Emrys said, helping me hold the heavy goblet to my mouth.  “But believe me; your hair is beautiful and quite lustrous.”  He cleared his throat and then said in a mildly chiding tone, “Elizabeth, it was beautiful before you transitioned; even you know that to be true.”
He was right.  That was one quality I believed in: my long, dark hair.  I would never cut it off - no matter how old I got.  Now that age didn’t matter, well, that made it even better.  I could sense him smiling at my silent acknowledgment.  
“How much longer, Emrys, before I can open my eyes?” I asked in a soft whisper.  I couldn’t wait to look into his eyes again; I missed him so.
“You have one more dose after this one, my dear.  This is proceeding much faster than Amrita’s transformation.  She struggled so with the light and skin tenderness.  I do not recall my transition being nearly as difficult as hers, but then, that was such a long time ago.”  He used his softest velvety voice.
I drained the goblet and licked my lips.  My thirsty craving was abated for now, though quenched only temporarily.  I knew full well that eventually my blood hunger would return forcefully with my new addiction.  
“I do believe each taste is better than the one before,” I mused, lying back down on the soft pillow. 
Emrys got up and I heard his footsteps as he walked away, I presumed, to the table.  His steps no longer a stampede, but more like a distant echo of drumming. 
“I will wait for you to sleep again, my love, and then I will go collect my clothes.  I shall be quick about it, I promise.  I wish to be ready for our ceremony the moment you are,” he said in an excited but low voice, returning to the side of the bed. 
He patted my hand and kissed my forehead - both lips and hand hot on my skin, but the burning sensation had lessened a little.  His touch was electrical as always, but mingled now with heat.  I was falling asleep as he spoke, barely conscious. 
“Hurry back, my sweet Emrys,” I mumbled, no longer able to stay awake.
Seconds later, I fell into dreamland again.
* * *
Amrita sprawled out on a four-poster bed, surrounded by feather pillows.  Her blue-gray eyes looked up at Emrys trustfully, though within her eyes he could see her anticipation of the initial pain ahead.  She would never readily admit it was fear, but she knew he would not deliberately hurt her.  I felt his apprehension coming from deep within as he looked at the glass decanter filled with his blood.  His blood equaled his memories, and he remained hopeful that Amrita’s dreams would consist only of his good memories, and that she would steer away from all he remembered of her vile conception and her equally vile father, Idris.  
When he leaned in and gently pierced her neck, I could taste the blood he drank.  I was touched by the tender brotherly affection Emrys had for her as he emptied her quickly.  He enjoyed her hybrid taste; but he also knew that fresh human blood would be deliciously sweeter.  Although he had never actually tasted it, he managed to deflect those intense cravings with an ample dose of the refrigerated variety. 
He watched her closely when he was finished.  She looked pale and barely breathing as he lifted her head to drink from his cup.  She swallowed in her half-dazed sleep, only a few sips, but enough to begin the transformation process, and then he watched her sleep.
He knew what she wished to dream about, and this was exactly why she chose him to turn her.  She wanted so badly to know their mother, and Emrys was the only one who could give that to her.  It was his gift to her: his seventeen years of memories with Phoebe.
While he sat watching her dream, he thought about their mother.  He especially hoped Amrita would enjoy the memories that took place when she was a baby.  He used to watch their mother as she held her tiny new baby girl so lovingly to her breast.  Though it broke his heart to see them, knowing their time was so short; he saw how she spent all of her time pouring as much love into the child as she could.  It seemed Phoebe held Amrita always, never leaving her side, allowing very little sleep for herself.  She sang to the baby all the time; endless songs of love and hope, her voice ringing out one beautiful melody after the other.  
Tears fell from Emrys eyes as he sat with his sister while she dreamed, and though he tried as hard as he could to release the anger and hate he felt for Idris, it was memories like this that drove his emotions out of control.  He vowed he would never let anyone hurt his family again.  I knew these memories would lead to the last time he saw  his mother, and I only allowed myself the shortest glimpse, feeling the hurt and overwhelming sadness right along with him.  I wasn’t sure if I could stand to see their goodbye, but I let my curiosity take me there.
Emrys stood near the wide brick gateway under the arch where the sculpted raven perched.  He watched his mother kissing her daughter as she slept soundly in her arms.  Phoebe’s silent tears streaked her face.  Blinking back his own tears he looked up into the sky. Thick, gray, threatening rain clouds swirled around them.  Even though it was only noon, the sun remained shrouded like a corpse wrapped tightly in a burial garment, barely visible and giving off no light. The waiting carriage lurched forward as the horse gave a quick kick, breaking the momentary silence surrounding them.  And then in the distance was heard the familiar clicking and cras-cras of the ravens as they hopped from branch to branch in the high trees.  After a deep, heavy sigh his mother placed Amrita into his arms, giving her one last tender kiss on her soft pink cheek. 
“Keep your sister safe, son.  She belongs to you now.  Always remember how much I love you, and please remember to tell Amrita how very much I loved her too.  Forgive your father, for this is the way of the Ravens.”  She looked up into Emrys’ eyes as she spoke; her son now taller than her, and said, “I am proud of you my son.  I know you will make a good home for your sister and become a great and wise leader to your fellow Ravens when the time comes. 
He could not find his voice, except to whisper that he loved her too.  He was sure they had already said all there was to say before they came outdoors.  Afraid if he said one more word he would break down again, he only gave her a thin smile and a nod as she reached up to brush away his tears. This was the last time he ever felt his mother’s touch.  
Through his blurred vision he noticed her forced smile.  This was the smile he would remember forever.  Phoebe pulled her shawl tightly around her shoulders, and turning, climbed into the waiting carriage.  He couldn’t watch as it drove away, but he could not block out her sobs.  He turned, went through the archway, and walked toward his home.  Glancing up at the massive brick castle, his eyes were drawn to the upper floor - over to the far right side.  There, staring out of the window was his father.  His hand flat to the windowpane, his expression tortured, watching as the carriage made its way down the tree-lined drive.  Ambrose stood motionless long after the noise of the carriage could be heard no more. 
Emrys walked slowly carrying his sleeping sister, trying not to look up at his father; forcing himself to concentrate on the noise coming from the crunching stones underfoot - now and then interrupted by the lonely cries of the ravens.  If he looked up one more time, he would snap. 
From this point on, Ambrose was never the same.  He kept to himself more often than not, rarely ever leaving his rooms.  He somehow managed to teach his son all the rules which had been handed down to him.  He taught him the art of sword fighting, and how to use all the weapons known to that era.  As the years went by it became apparent that Ambrose had been preparing Emrys to take over as Regent.  Emrys tried reasoning with him about his premature decision, but eventually it became evident: Ambrose had become incapable to handle life itself, and he could no longer remain in his role.  He argued with anyone who got in his way, found it difficult to make the easiest of decisions, and sometimes he simply broke down and wept in the middle of important meetings.  His heart was broken beyond repair.  Many times Emrys found his father muttering to himself incoherently, and at times, he heard him quoting sad poetry.  Most often, he would repeat over and over again the last three lines of “The Raven” by Poe:  
And the lamplight o’er him streaming throws his shadow on the floor; And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor - Shall be lifted - nevermore!  
And sometimes all he would say was, “Quoth the Raven, Nevermore.”
Before Emrys could be Regent he had to be turned.  Normally, this would have been done by Ambrose, father to son.  But he refused to let his son be exposed during the quickening to the emotions involved in the murder he had committed, or the unrelenting sorrow from losing his mate.  He explained to Emrys that he had already endured enough pain with the loss of his mother.
“My son, please understand my reasons,” Ambrose pleaded, during a few moments of clarity.  “Hate is a terrible emotion, and murder does not reward you with satisfaction of revenge.  It must be painfully clear that it did not improve my life at all.  I would not have you experience these things, even through my memories.”  With a deep, heavy sigh, he whispered under his breath, “Nevermore”.
Emrys was saddened at his father’s decision, and yet a part of him felt that under the circumstances, with Ambrose seemingly in the throes of losing his mind, it was a good decision.  He smiled at his father and agreed with a nod of his head.  “Yes, I understand.”
They chose Tansy to make the transformation.  I felt all the excitement that Emrys had felt just before his time came and watched as he explained to his young, now ten-year- old sister, that he would be busy for the rest of the day, and they would play chess another time.  He had been teaching her for the past few weeks, and she was impatient for her next lesson.  
“Amrita, I will be busy for a while, and you must stay in Zoe’s room until I come for you.”  Emrys patted the top of her head as they walked together down the long hallway.
“But, Emrys!” she said, in a high-pitched voice, “Where shall you be going?  And why is it that I cannot come with you?”  She looked up at him, rounding her blue-gray eyes in her most beseeching manner.
“You know I cannot go anywhere while I transition.  I shall be in my room.  I have explained all of this to you two times already, and you shall have your turn when you are old enough!”  He took in a big breath, exhaling slowly.  Having to repeat himself so often sometimes made him feel exasperated.  “Please behave and do not whine.  That sounds quite unbecoming in a young lady.”  He held out his hand to her.  “It will only be for a few hours, and then we will play chess again, I promise.”
She took his hand and held it, spying his thumb ring.  With her other hand she twirled the ring in circles as she always did, marveling at the bright red designs inside of each square.  He had given her a beautiful silver and ruby-red bracelet for her last birthday, but ever since she was a toddler, she begged him almost daily for his thumb ring.  It had been his father’s, and he never took it off, nor planned to part with it.  
He walked with her to Zoe’s door and gave it a light rap.  Zoe was Tansy’s sister, and she often watched out for Amrita when Emrys was busy.
“Okay,” Amrita said, using her sad voice.  “But does this mean you will be terribly different after you are a full Raven?  Will you still be my Brub?”
“I will always be your brother you daffy little girl!  All it means is that from now on, I shall remain twenty-seven,” he explained.  Wondering now, exactly how different he would feel, he hoped the craving for blood would be as easy to control as his father had told him.
“Eventually you shall be older, and you will choose to become a Raven as well.”  He wasn’t sure how well she understood the whole concept yet.  Explaining eternity to a child was very daunting, and even though the women helped him take care of her, Amrita preferred to be at his side whenever possible.  Perhaps she feared he would change and be like his father.  She was deathly afraid of Ambrose, which Emrys assumed was because he remained a mystery to her.  Since he seldom left his rooms unless everyone else was asleep or away, she had only been able to catch fleeting glimpses of him on rare occasions.  As far as Emrys knew, not once had Ambrose ever spoken to Amrita.  It made him sad to think that his father could hold anything against an innocent child, but he kept those thoughts to himself.
He knelt down so they were face to face and hugged her closely, reminding her that he expected her to behave and act like a lady.  Zoe opened the door; Amrita gave him a sweet grin, and then skipped happily through the doorway, her long brown braids bouncing behind her.  She turned and called over her shoulder, “See you later, Em!” 
Back in his room he watched without fear as Tansy prepared herself. She sat opposite him with her wrist draped over a bowl, and the sharp knife she had just used on her lap. Her chair sat near a wooden table bearing the same goblet from which I had recently consumed Emrys’ blood.  Beside it stood a beautiful candelabra holding four tall candles, only one of which burned.  Each time I had a glimpse of Tansy she was smiling.  Pouring the bowl into the goblet seemed to be the trickiest part of the preparation, but she managed without spilling a drop of blood.  She wrapped her wrist in a clean white cloth and came to Emrys, her sharp teeth already visible.
I felt the peace when Emrys was emptied, and as he drank from Tansy’s cup, the enjoyment of his new immortality was exquisite.  For the most part, his memories were crystal-clear, but even better than being able to see them; the actuality of feeling what he had felt - his senses, his emotions, and his thoughts themselves – were absolutely illuminating.  Eventually, I had the same feeling as I had upon waking up in my new life - that I had traced all of Emrys’ life from beginning to the present.  The movie was over now, the credits were rolling, and soft music played in the background.

Chapter 15
Simple Twist of Fate
When I woke up, I did hear music.  It seemed to be far off in the distance.  Thinking back to my dreams I no longer wondered why they called this transformation process the quickening.  My senses were more acute.  I felt renovated, invigorated.  It seemed the blood flowing through me was electrified and alive.  A cool breeze brought with it a new scent that reminded me of burning candles.  Still afraid to open my eyes, I kept them closed and just listened.  It sounded like the band that had played for the ball - dance music.  I heard footsteps and envisioned the moment when I could open my eyes completely and see my beloved dark-haired beauty of a man.
“Emrys, will it be much longer?” I whispered.
“Shh.”  He placed his finger on my mouth bringing with it a tiny flow of electrical pulses, and he repeated, “Shh.”
The bed moved as he sat down next to me.  I reached out for him, half sitting up, waiting for my last dose of blood.  He put his hand on my forehead, gently pushing my head back into the pillow, placing the cloth back on my eyes. He ran his warm hand down to the hem of my slip, brushing my thigh lightly while pushing the slip up toward my waist. Though his touch sent goose bumps up and down my legs as he rubbed my thighs; I wondered what had happened to his steadfast resolve to wait until after our ceremony.  Now I understood what Larkin meant.  There was no way I could refuse Emrys even if I wanted to; with my heightened awareness, my extreme sensitivity to touch, taste, smell and sound - it would be impossible to stop him.
My skin began to glow with anticipation as he moved his hand from my thighs and caressed me with a light tickle, first on my arms and then in places I’d never been touched before.  I kept my eyes closed as he brushed his hand over my breast, and then drew the straps of my slip down over my shoulders.  Exposed and anxious, I managed to let the excitement of the moment excuse my newfound willingness to allow him to continue.  I reasoned that the sheerness of my slip hadn’t left much to the imagination anyway.  And besides, we would be together forever!  
He tugged at my slip, pulling it down, and I eased myself up as he took it off completely.  He then stripped off my panties, leaving me completely exposed.  I kept thinking that it would be better if I was further into my transformation and I could look into his eyes.  And then I wondered why he wasn’t kissing me…or saying a word.  But he never responded to any of my thoughts… too focused on his next move? 
I felt the bed move again, and when he eased himself down on top of me, I thought he seemed to be moving too fast; what about the gentle petting, cuddling, and kissing?  And when he started spreading my legs with his knee, and something sharp scraped my inner thigh, I knew something wasn’t quite right.  He still had his clothes on - that had to be a zipper jabbing my leg. Why would he do this?  I took a chance and opened an eye, at the same time lifting a corner of the cloth from my face. 
No! This is not happening!  God no! Horrified beyond belief, every fiber of my being screamed out in terror when I saw his hair.  It was not long flowing, black hair.  I saw no adoring eyes gazing at me. No sweet words of love, tenderness or delight at all.  Is this real, or could I be dreaming; having a nightmare?  This was not my Emrys! These eyes blazed copper and this hair was light brown. The hair of Rohan - the eyes of Rohan!  A small sinister smile crept over his face as he saw my terrified look, and before I could scream he covered my mouth with his hand.  Panic set in as I realized I’d never be able to fight him off.  I wriggled and yanked trying desperately to get out from under him, but to no avail.  He was heavier and stronger than me.  I’d never succeed in moving him by myself.  He had smashed his hand down on my mouth making it difficult for me to breathe, and his body - heavy on my chest didn’t help matters.  Scared to death; every part of my body screamed out in pain.  Seeing his leer of anticipation made me think he had actually turned into that ugly, evil clown.
“Come on, Scarlett, you know you want it.”  His deep grating voice echoed in my ears.  He didn’t even have the decency to whisper, knowing full well what I had been going through, how sensitive my ears still were. 
“I’m the one you really want to be with forever,” he threatened.  “We both knew that all evening.  Now that Emrys has done all the preliminary work, I’ll just claim you for my own; though it is a shame I missed out on your tastiness.  I’m sure you would have been delicious too.”  He moved his head between my breasts and started licking and nibbling at me.
Tears burned my eyes.  He eased the pressure of his hand over my mouth a bit, and promised, “If you scream, I will give you even more pain than you can imagine.”  His tone told me he meant it.  He let my face go and I let out a sorry whimper.  My throat was parched and my whole body hurt.  I needed more blood, but he didn’t care about that; in his delusion, his one goal was self-serving.
Then he tried to kiss me.  I turned my head from side to side trying to avoid his mouth.  At first I thought about only Emrys, and how I wanted to keep fighting Rohan off, but it only seemed to egg him on more.  I felt something else against my thigh then, and I was sure it would only be a few more moments until he took from me what he wanted most, the thing I had saved for Emrys all these years.  
I thought about not struggling and pretending to enjoy myself, hoping to stall the inevitable, even going so far as to kiss him back.  But all the while my mind raced with thoughts of Emrys and how he was supposed to be the one.  And then I remembered Emrys’ ability to hear my thoughts!  If only I could hold Rohan at bay long enough, I’d have a chance.  I relaxed, pretending to give up. 
“You could at least try to be gentle, you know.  My skin is on fire,” I whispered.  I lay there, keeping my arms flat at my sides, stifling another whimper.
“Just as I thought - you will be mine, pretty little Scarlett.  You can’t resist me, can you?” Rohan oozed in a triumphant snicker, as he tried to kiss me again.
Could he really be this dense?  I turned my head to the side and his mouth went to my neck.  I needed to concentrate on my thoughts now:  Emrys!  Emrys come quickly!  I need you, now!  I’m being attacked! Please help me, save me from Rohan!
I repeated this thought over and over while Rohan’s hands kept groping and fumbling at me, his lips still searching.  Overwhelmed with disgust, I didn’t know how much longer this could go on; it already felt like an eternity.  Again and again, I mentally shouted the same words, desperately calling out to Emrys.
The burning in my eyes was so intense, I had to keep them closed, but I heard my attacker clumsily undoing his zipper.  My God, Emrys! Hurry!  Rohan’s exposed hot skin now pressed against my leg.  Emrys! I stiffened up again, trying to avoid his attempt to push my legs farther apart.  He rose up a moment and said, “Come on, relax, Scarlett.  It will only hurt for a minute.  Trust me.”
It was only seconds before it would be too late, and I’d lose myself to Rohan.  Just then, I heard the key turning in the locked door.  I pushed frantically, holding him away from my cringing body, willing my legs to close, and opened my eyes.  It was then that I realized he hadn’t heard the door opening, or Emrys’ footsteps; he still hadn’t stopped trying.  He looked at me, puzzled that I now pushed at him with all my strength, instead of lying there like a dead fish.
“What?  Come on, Scarlett.  Quit teasing me now.  You know...”
Before he had a chance to finish his sentence, Emrys yanked him by his hair, pulling him straight up off of the bed.  It had happened so fast and with such force that the very air around his body sucked up like a noisy vacuum, almost pulling me along with him.  Emrys flung Rohan as if he were a rag doll.  He hit the floor hard with a bone-crushing thud, and slid across the room.  He had barely enough time to pull up his pants before Emrys stomped over to him.  The look of shock and astonishment on his face only compelled Emrys to move even faster.  My eyes were burning, and I closed them momentarily as I pulled the covers over my exposed, and now, chilled body.  
“She wanted it, man!”  Rohan shouted.  “Ask her!  She didn’t even fight!”  
I opened my eyes just in time to see Rohan’s body bouncing off the wall, cracking the plaster and sending white pieces of chalk-dust flying everywhere.  Emrys reached him before he was able to stand back up, and grasping his shirt with one hand, threw him up against another wall.  This time a mirror shattered.  Shards of glass arrowed across the room.  My ears felt like someone had rammed pieces of glass into them.  And my eyes were on fire, I had to close them again. 
I heard a loud whack - the sound of a sharp swift blow to the jaw, a body hitting the floor, and a moment later heavy footsteps - running away.  I ventured a peek, and saw the back of Emrys’ black cape billowing behind him as he chased Rohan up the stairs, the golden threads glistening in the candle light.  I had to shut my eyes again then, and lay my head back on the pillow.  My whole body ached; my head throbbed; my eyes watered; my ears buzzed, and I thought for sure I’d vomit.
I heard a door close in the distance and realized it was the door to the balcony.  The cool breeze had now ended.  Through the closed door, muffled shouting flew back and forth - harsh, angry, threatening words. I wondered if Emrys would kill him, and shuddered at the thought, but at the moment, I’d gladly murder him myself.  Rohan was as despicable as his father; in this case the old cliché was a good fit - the acorn didn’t fall far from the tree.
A few minutes later, the door opened and slammed shut again - a loud click confirming that it was now locked.  I knew then that I had left it unlocked. I curled up and began to weep. It was no one’s fault but my own, and I was sure Emrys would blame me for what had happened.  This was not a good way to begin eternity, and I felt horrible.  My skin still hurt, my eyes still burned - as much from the light as from the tears - and my head still pounded.  Emrys’ steps came closer, and he touched my shoulder as I lay with the covers wrapped tightly around myself holding out the air and the light - hiding from the world.
I waited for his anger to come, not moving, not breathing.  I would take it and deal with it.  After all, it was my fault.
“Elizabeth?”  His voice came soft, not angry; concerned, not harsh.
I pulled the covers off my head and held them under my chin, keeping my eyes closed, not speaking.
“Here, you must finish this...now.  You will feel better soon.”  
He must have held the goblet, and even though there was no tone of anger or harshness in his voice, what seemed to be missing felt equally disturbing to me.  He used no endearing words.  He didn’t call me by any familiar pet names.  I was hurt and saddened.
When I sat up to drink, the cover fell down around my middle, but it didn’t matter.  I had already ruined everything; I had let myself be exposed to the evil Rohan.  Emrys would be angry for some time.  And when you have eternity; that could be a freaking long time.  I kept my eyes closed while I drank, trying not to think of anything, certainly not what had just transpired.  I thought about my sister, about Fiona, and about my dreams, forcing out any and all thoughts of Rohan.  Drinking strengthened me and I felt the color in my face returning.  My throbbing head turned to a dull ache, and my eyes were finally soothed.  
I peeked out between my eyelashes.  The dark silhouette before me slowly came into view, the light behind him casting an eerie aura around his head.  I blinked a few times to clear my vision, and finally his face was visible.  No smile, no welcome back, just a vacant look.  Although he seemed to be looking at me I sensed emptiness, almost as though he was trying not to see me.  I could take no more and I began to cry again.  I had forgotten that vampires could cry, but my eyes and cheeks were wet, reminding me of the truth of it.  I had brought all my emotions along with me to my vampire life, to my eternity.  Then I remembered Ambrose, and his sadness at losing his wife.  No matter what you tried to change in this world, there would always be sorrow.  It must be a part of the world we reside in no matter what type of creature we are.  Perhaps without it, we would never understand or appreciate joy.
A frown crossed Emrys’ face, a deep line forming between his brows.  I tried to read him.  He had reacted to my tears, but why didn’t he comfort me then?
We both started to speak at the same time: 
“I’m so sorry I left you alone,” he said.
“I’m sorry I left the door unlocked,” I said. 
I lifted the sheet to wipe my tears, partially covering myself in the process.  For one moment, the tenderness in his eyes returned, but when I dropped the sheet again, the vacant stare was back.  Was I that hideous?  
I looked down at myself.  Everything still looked the same.  My skin was the same ivory; there were no bruises or scars, nothing unusual; unless you took into consideration the fact that I was half-naked.  Suddenly, I felt not only exposed, but also embarrassed and shy, and pulled the covers up to my chin with a gasp. 
Emrys let out a loud sigh.  “Are you alright?  Did he hurt you?”
“I’m fine!  Thanks for asking,” I sobbed. “I was beginning to think you didn’t care!”  I knew that rang out rather sarcastic, even bitchy.
“Why on earth would you think that?” he said, surprised and offended.
“Well, for one, you haven’t called me anything but my formal name, you can barely look at me, and you can’t even bring yourself to touch me,” I sniveled, still hurting.
He instantly returned to his normal, loving, deeply intense self.  
“I have been waiting to see your reaction, to hear your thoughts, and I still do not know if...”
“What?” I questioned.
“Your mind is a whirl of messages, random thoughts of my memories, thoughts of Melinda, Fiona, your own insecurities and anger.  I am not getting a clear view on what happened here tonight.  I do not know how to react to you, and I am afraid to touch you.  You must realize I have been trying not to look upon you with lust.  You have made this quite difficult for me.”  He sounded as confused as I felt now.
“What do you mean you’re afraid to touch me?”
“Elizabeth, you know the rules!  I must see to it that you finish transforming.  That is my responsibility to you as your maker, but I ...”
“Emrys, stop.”  I interrupted him, finally realizing what he had been going through.  It all made sense now, the vacant look, the formal speech, the lack of physical touch. 
I tried to clear my mind then, to help him see what happened after I woke up, thinking he was still here, remembering every detail all the way up until he returned and rescued me.  “It did not happen.”
“No?” he said closing his eyes for a moment.  I wished I could read his thoughts, but he made them clear when suddenly, and with much relief in his voice, he repeated my words.
An eye-blink later, he held me in his arms, kissing me all over my face.  His tears of happiness mingled with my own now as he embraced me.  
“Thank you,” he whispered in my ear, “thank you for waiting for me, for calling to me, for not letting him....” he choked on the last word.
“How could I not think of you?  You put your sign on me.  I have been yours since that moment in time.  I felt you drawing me without words, pulling me, beckoning me to you all this time.  I’ve saved myself for you and you alone, Emrys.  Surely you remember Sibelle’s prophecy! It appears you haven’t trusted your own instincts, my love.  Don’t you remember the ending words of that prophecy?  It was most truly correct: Trust your instincts, and two shall be- As one- for all eternity.  Now kiss me and tell me you love me, and look at me while you say it.  I have missed your eyes.”
“You know I love you, my dear, sweet, immortal, Elizabeth, and I would love to kiss you.”  
He kissed me then, and he held me close for a long moment.  When he pulled back and looked lovingly into my eyes, I knew my Emrys was back. 

Chapter 16
White Lace and Promises
Fiona looked lovely in her gold gown.  The emerald trim brought out the green in her eyes, which were shining brighter than I’d ever seen them before; or perhaps it was due to her new life as a Raven. Rufus wore black pants and a green shirt that matched Fiona’s eyes.  I couldn’t help smiling to myself a bit.  Not too long ago, no one could have convinced me of the existence of vampires, much less that they dress up and get married just like humans!  Emrys squeezed my hand as he listened to my silly thoughts, bringing me back to the moment.
Their ceremony was sweet and to the point.  Latimer, also known as the record keeper in the Raven society, performed the rites.  Rufus placed a ring on Fiona’s left hand, a two-tone Celtic ring with a large brilliant emerald in the shape of a heart.  They exchanged their vows, and Latimer pronounced them husband and wife.  Before we left the chambers we had to sign the papers as witnesses, and then Latimer brought out another very thick, large, brown book where he entered Fiona’s name declaring her an official Raven.  This particular book Rufus signed and dated, proclaiming him to be her maker.
Latimer, a short stout-looking fellow, had gray hair and a long straggly beard with wisps of brown woven in-between the gray.  He wore a pair of round glasses, though Emrys explained to me that he only used them for the studious look it gave him.  He had been turned at the ripe old age of seventy-eight, and even though his eyesight was that of a twenty year old, the habits of his human lifetime remained with him well into his eternal existence.  
Fiona and Rufus kissed each other and, after a few short but sweet exchanges of congratulations from their only witnesses - Emrys and me; they practically ran out of the chambers.  I followed the giddy couple into the hallway.  
“Wait!  Don’t you want to be our witnesses?”  I called after Fiona.
“Sure I do!”  We won’t be too long!”  Fiona giggled over her shoulder as they hurried along hand in hand, their laughter echoing down the hall as they turned the corner.
“Well, I guess we have some time to spare.  We could go find Lindy and invite her to share in our ceremony, couldn’t we?” I asked hopefully.  “I know she can’t be a witness, but she’s my only sister.  She has to be there.”  I gazed up at his smiling face.  
“As you wish,” he said, taking my hand and leading the way.
During our walk to the giant stairway, I couldn’t help but remember the last time I went down these steps and met Rohan.  I wondered where he went after Emrys chased him up the stairway in our suite.  As usual, I didn’t have to literally ask the question.
“I banned him from the rest of the gathering and told him that if I ever saw him again, he would suffer the same fate as his father.  And then - I threw him off the balcony.”  He sounded unbelievably calm as he spoke, keeping his head straight and high.  It didn’t seem to concern him that the fall alone could have killed Rohan.  It didn’t bother me either, but the thought still made me shiver.  
“He may have suffered some bruises and scrapes when his body encountered the wall or perhaps when I used his face as a punching bag,” Emrys said, glancing at me briefly, trying not to grin, “but he is a flyer.  Without a doubt, the only thing that suffered was his pride.”
“A flyer?” I asked bewildered.
“That is his talent.  All vampires eventually acquire at least one talent or strength unknown to humans.”
My surprised look, no doubt, caused him to answer my next silent question.
“I have two talents.  One you already know about, and it proved quite useful this evening; my ability to read your thoughts. Although it would have been even more convenient if I had the gift of precognition.  I would have seen what Rohan had planned ahead of time.”
“What is your other talent?”  I asked, as my mind reeled with ideas of what my talent would turn out to be.
“I am also a flyer,” he said, looking at me as though he wondered if I believed him.  “I do not use it often.  It takes a lot of energy and leaves me weak.  If I consume an extra dose of blood, it takes less effort.”  He smiled at me as we turned into the echoing sounds of the ballroom.
The more I learned about this lifestyle, the more I realized I hardly knew anything.  But right now, we were close to the table where my sister sat, obviously still enjoying her time with Gavin.  His white hair was stunning, and his little white goatee made him look quite distinguished.  Wondering now about the story behind his white hair, I thought he appeared to be only in his mid-thirties - at most.  And then as I watched him sitting near my sister, I had to agree with his fantasy of pairing up with someone who had black hair.  The two of them, side by side, did make for one great looking couple.  Ebony and ivory!  Or was this just wishful thinking on my part?
As we approached their table my eyes were fixed on Gavin’s profile, when suddenly a picture flashed in my mind as clear as if someone had switched on a television screen two inches from my head.  I witnessed Gavin leaning in toward someone, his fangs already visible, and a woman’s slender, ivory throat accessible - laid out like a buffet.  He moved his head slightly to the side revealing her face - my face? 
The almond-shaped eyes were closed, and the normally rosy cheeks appeared pale; lips - dull and dry; black hair splayed out all across the pillow like a fan, completely straight, except for the curly ends.  
“Melinda!”
I hadn’t realized I shouted her name out loud until the vision faded and the room came back into view.  Melinda turned and looked at me, surprised by my outburst.  
“Lizzy?”  She stood and came to me immediately, her surprise now turning to concern.  “What’s the matter?”
I blinked a few times and focused on her face as she spoke.  
“Hey Lizzy, you look different.  Your hair - it’s so - it’s...so shiny!  And your skin – what’d you do, go get a facial?  Where have you been?”  I saw her eyes dart to my neck, and was sure she saw the two puncture marks, still so fresh and new.  “You didn’t!  Oh my God, you did!  I thought you were going to think about it for a while.”  She reached out to touch my neck.  “Did it hurt?  How do you feel?  Eww, did you really have to drink blood?”  Her forehead scrunched up into a frown of disgust.
I couldn’t get a word in while she rambled on, until finally she stood silent, her eyes set in a fixed, questioning stare.
“Well, first of all,” I said, brushing her hair back, taking a peek at both sides of her neck, “Thank you for the compliments, and no, it didn’t hurt; it was kind of nice, actually, and I feel great!”  I didn’t see any marks on her neck at all and was a little disappointed.  I had hoped that perhaps my vision was some kind of ESP connection, and Lindy had been turned tonight too. When my fingertip grazed her neck, I caught her momentary flinch, but she acted like nothing had happened.  I knew her better than she gave me credit for; by now she must have figured out that all the vampires gave off an electrical disturbance to humans.  
“And what have you been up to, sis?”  I asked, taking a quick glance toward Gavin and raising an eyebrow. 
“Not much,” she said, turning to him and laying a soft hand on his shoulder.  “I’ve been dancing, drinking, and enjoying Gavin’s company.”  He stood then, smiled at me, and gave Emrys a respectful nod. 
“The pleasure has been all mine,” Gavin said, taking Melinda’s hand and kissing it.  He bent into a perfect bow, exactly like a gentleman right out of a Jane Austen novel.  Melinda giggled and blushed as she thanked him.  
Then she turned back to me and asked, “So, dear sister, please explain how this happened so fast.  And where the hell is Fiona?  I haven’t seen her around either.”
“Seriously?”  I asked.  “Don’t you remember our last conversation?  I told you earlier I had made up my mind.”  I glanced at Emrys and a fleeting thought went through my mind:  She must have been more intoxicated than I thought!  
Emrys squeezed my hand and gave me a quick smile. 
“The reason you haven’t seen Fiona is because she was recently turned too.  And she and Rufus are probably right this moment…umm… consummating their marriage - if I may speak so bluntly,” I said, with a silly grin, surprised that my face hadn’t turned three shades of red.  
“I see.”  Melinda said with a quick frown. I wondered if it bothered her that Fiona hadn’t invited her to the ceremony, but she didn’t say anything.
This came as quite a shock to me since Lindy was never at a loss for words but now, my news seemed to have struck her to near muteness.  There were a few moments of uncomfortable silence until Emrys finally spoke.  
“Elizabeth, my love, you have something you wanted to ask your sister.”
“Yes!”  I took a deep breath and smiled at her.  “Emrys and I would like you to join us later for our ceremony.”
“Ceremony?  You mean there’s an actual wedding ceremony?  Oh, Lizzy, of course I want to be there.  I wouldn’t miss it for the world!”  Leaning in she whispered in my ear, “Can I bring Gavin?” 
It surprised me that she wasn’t complaining about the fact that Emrys and I had just met.  She didn’t seem as upset as I would’ve expected.  Could she be falling for Gavin, or perhaps thinking about joining us?  I nodded, but before I could speak, Emrys took a step toward Gavin.
Extending his hand to the white-haired gentleman, Emrys said, “Gavin, my friend, you must also join us.  You know where Latimer’s quarters are.  Please, meet us there in one hour, if you can.”
“I would be honored to witness your union,” he answered, shaking Emrys’ hand.  “We shall be there in one hour.”  He turned to face Lindy.  “That is, if you would be so kind as to allow me to escort you, Melinda.”
Lindy nodded and said, “Of course! I’d like that.”  A tiny blush accompanied her smile.
“You will have to excuse us now,” Emrys announced. “We must prepare ourselves.”
Lindy gave me a quick hug, and whispered, “Lizzy!  I can’t believe you’re getting married! I’m speechless.  I’ll see you in a bit.”  She grinned, watching as Emrys whisked me away.  
“Don’t be late!” I called over my shoulder.
Once out of hearing range, Emrys turned a playful smile at me, and said, “I saw it in your thoughts.  Do you know what this means, my sweet?” he asked.  
I had no clue what he meant. “You have a talent already!  And so soon - it boggles the mind.  You, my dear, have the gift of precognition.  You have been given a glimpse into the future - your sister’s future to be exact.”
Now he was boggling my mind.  
“You’re telling me that my sister and Gavin are... I mean Gavin will turn Lindy?  She’s going to change her mind about the babies and all that other human stuff?  When will this take place?  How do you know it’s real?”
“Slow down and relax.  Take a breath.”  He looked amused while trying to get a word in edgewise, and so patient with me, and all my questions.
“Are you quite finished?”  His tone was teasing, but kind.  Anyone else would’ve felt the need to gag me with an old sock.
“Yes,” I said, closed my mouth, and nodded.
“Very well then.  What you experienced was definitely a vision.  I do not know when; I only know that it will happen.  When or where or why are questions only the future can tell us.  But, yes, I do believe it is real.”
“Too bad I didn’t get my talent a few hours earlier, huh?”  I had to say it, even though I knew I could be opening up a can of worms.  “I could’ve had you lock the door to the balcony.”
“It remains to be seen if you will be able to see your own future.  You may find that this precognition is only for others.”
“I already know my future.” I said, teasing.  “I don’t need a special talent to see it!”  I squeezed his hand as we continued up the stairs.  “Wait a minute.  Where are you taking me?”  I noticed we were on the right side of the stairway, heading toward the room with the costumes.
“Just a quick stop so you can choose a dress.  I did not think you would want to wear blue for your wedding, though this dress is lovely.”  He gestured to my outfit.  “Am I correct?”
“Oh.  Right.  A dress.”  I had been trying not to think about all the details.
“Elizabeth, I am sorry.  This will not be the ceremony you have spent your whole life dreaming about: walking down the aisle, bridesmaids, tuxedos and flowers.  Our ceremonies are simple, as you witnessed with Fiona and Rufus. But, as you know, our commitments are eternal.  We do mate for life.”
I turned to face him as we stood in the doorway of the costume room.
“Emrys, my one true love.  Having you standing next to me; that’s the most important thing - not the dress, the flowers, or the ring.  All of that is secondary.  I am so lucky to have found you, though I believe more and more, it was not luck at all.  It is our destiny.  Don’t feel sorry for what I didn’t get to do as a human.  I have the rest of time to spend with you.  That’s all I need.”  I reached up on my tiptoes and touched my lips to his.
“Thank you my sweet, Elizabeth.  No wonder I love you so much,” he said, touching my cheek with his palm.  “Now let us go pick out something beautiful, shall we?”  He took my hand and wrapped it through his bent arm, and we walked into the room together.  
Constance jumped up from her chair, eager to help as usual, and showed me three different dresses that would be perfect. All I had to do was choose one of them.  I didn’t think it mattered.  That whole thing about bad luck; not letting the groom see the bride in her wedding dress - we were so far beyond all that.  I tried all of the dresses on and talked Emrys into choosing for me.  The dress he chose was an ivory, medieval-style floor-length gown with long draping sleeves that had a small puff at the shoulders and flower embroidery detail around the rounded neckline.  More floral embroidery, along with beading, went down the front of the whole dress, and the back was longer than the front by about two feet, flowing out in a soft cloud of silk.  Simple elegance.  
I found a pair of beaded ivory slippers to match, and when I thought about jewelry, Emrys told me not to bother; he had a surprise for me in the suite.
We went back to get ready, but before he would let me go upstairs to shower, he opened a drawer and pulled out two small boxes; one red and one black.  He put the red one in his pocket.  
“That,” he said winking, “is for later.  Your wedding ring, handed down to me from my mother.  But this one,” he held up the larger black box, “is for you to wear now.  I had it hand-made just for you.  It will compliment your hair and match any color you ever wear.  You should keep it with you at all times; it is your raven totem.”  
He absentmindedly touched his medallion, still and apparently always, around his neck.  No longer hanging on the red velvet ribbon that matched his costume, he had gone back to the silver chain I had first seen him wearing at the pub.  The eye of the raven glowed deep dark red.  
I accepted the box and opened it.  Dangling on a long silver chain was a flat, oval crystal, and etched inside was a black raven that held a single red rose in his beak.  Depending on how you held the crystal to the light, it seemed to reflect whatever color it was near.  It was beautiful!  As I moved it up toward the candle light it burned yellow.  I turned and held it before my dress, and it became blue.  
“I love it!  I’ll never ever take it off, Emrys, never!”
I spun around holding up my hair so he could lock the clasp.  When I turned back to face him his smile was from ear to ear.  
“What’s so funny?”
“Nothing is funny.”  He tried to hide his grin by raising his eyebrows up high.  “I just pictured you never taking this off – never ever!”
It took me a few seconds to get what he was implying, and if it were possible, I would have turned red, or at least pink, but this seemed to be one of the things about my skin that had changed.  I didn’t blush any more, which was fine with me.  I rose up on my tiptoes and kissed him, grabbed my wedding dress off the back of the chair, and ran upstairs.  I knew it was corny, but I started to whistle that old song from the sixties about going to the chapel and getting married.  Half way up the steps I heard Emrys chuckle.  He obviously remembered the tune.  He was alive in the sixties, which was kind of weird to think about since we seemed so close in age.  I only knew the song from the oldies station.  
I had taken more time in the bathroom than planned, even though doing my hair took far less time than it ever had.  It was much shinier and smoother, as if I had just come from the salon and spent a small fortune on hair products.  In reality, all I did was wash it in the shower and air dry it while I did my makeup, which took me the longest; I wanted to look perfect for Emrys.  I did love this new easy hair-care, but something else had changed too.  My skin was silky soft before I put on any lotion.  There was no flaky dryness that usually came after my shower.  I certainly wasn’t going to complain; I loved all these new changes. 
I had one final look in the mirror; the dress was perfect, hair: excellent, makeup: everything in place except for the lipstick.  I stood at the top of the stairs and called Emrys’ name, stepping down slowly.
He appeared from around the corner, all dressed in black.  Black pants, boots and shirt.  His shirt was a long-sleeved V-neck, which had eyelets and a cord that laced up the front - crisscrossed, the untied cords dangling loose.  All along the outer edges on both sleeves were small black leather belts with buckles - eight on each arm.  His hair came straight down around his shoulders - smooth and shiny, and he wore his medallion, the raven’s red eye gleaming.  He also wore his polished-silver thumb ring that had a translucent blood-red design all around it.  
He smiled as he watched me descending the stairs, his eyes speaking loud and clear: happiness, joy, excitement, and love.  He reached up to take my hand as I took the last few steps.
“You are so beautiful, my darling.  Come here into the light and let me look at you.  
Emrys led me into a large walk-in closet which was lined with mirrors on three walls and a bright light on the ceiling.  Standing behind me, with his hands lightly resting on my shoulders, he said, “Look at you!  You are exquisite!  Your dress is perfect – as though it was made just for you.  And the color is a true complement to your hair.”
As I stood before the mirror, a sudden flash from one of the Lord of the Rings movies made me smile.  I could have been mistaken for Arwen of Rivendell, the Elfin princess.  The only thing missing was the golden headpiece she wore in her long dark hair.
Emrys twirled me around and pressed his mouth to mine.  My lips had no chance when he was around, and this was why I still held the tube of lipstick in my hand.  I had a feeling lipstick would become a thing of the past within no time at all.  
“Emrys, you look quite ravishing yourself,” I said pulling back a bit.
I was eye to eye with his collar, and this was the first time we were in such bright light together.  Visible through the untied cords in his shirt, I saw actual real skin.  Up to that point, all I had seen was his face and hands.  I also had a much better view of the tattoo on the side of his neck.  In bold block letters it said: UBRAN. 
“What does this mean?” I asked, running my finger over the letters with a soft touch.
“It means Raven in Welsh.  Have you any tattoos?” 
“No.  I was always too much of a wimp to get one.  That is the one difference between my sister and me.  She has a red rose tattooed on her left shoulder.”  I wrinkled up my nose thinking of the pain one must go through getting needles poked repeatedly through your skin.  “I like the sign you put on my neck though, I barely felt a thing.  Maybe you could put another on me the same way and I could just pretend it’s a real tattoo.”
I laughed out loud, watching his reaction.  He was entertained by me, and my silly ideas; his grin was wide.
“That is not possible, since you already have my Sign.  No one has ever received two signs at the same time.  Perhaps someday we could look into that.  I mean getting you a real tattoo,” he explained. 
He began to loosen the laces on his shirt, wide enough to pull it open and to the side.  He showed me another tattoo, saying, “This one is for you, Elizabeth.  I got it the day after I put my Sign on you.”  On the left side of his chest right over his heart, was a tattoo of a black rose inside of a red heart, and written above, in old English style letters, was my first name. 
“Wow,” I said with a smile.
“I have others, which you shall see later.”  His eyes twinkled and danced with unspoken suggestion, enough to mesmerize me to complete silence.  “We must leave now.”
I couldn’t help but to think about later and imagine not only what, but where, those other tattoos might be.  I saw his grin in the reflection of the mirror as I put my lipstick on for our ceremony.  We went back into the main room of the suite, and he placed the other small box in his pants pocket. 
“Wait here one moment, my sweet one,” he said.
He turned and flew up the stairs faster than I could have imagined, returning just as quickly.  When he came back, he held one single rose, which he placed into my hand.  
“A rose for my sweet, Elizabeth Rose.  Now, let us go and get that name changed, shall we?”  
He took my free hand in his as we left the suite, and the gentle swishing of my gown brushing across the floor was the only thing to remind me that I was even moving at all.
I had a one-track mind now.  All I could think about was how I wanted to hurry back here and see those tattoos.  Although I had much more on my mind than a bunch of images made with needles and ink.  By the force with which he squeezed my hand, I knew Emrys thought the same.  We quickened our pace to Latimer’s quarters, promise and anticipation written all over our faces. 
* * *
Fiona and Rufus waited outside of Latimer’s doorway when we arrived and, a few minutes later, Melinda and Gavin came up behind us in the hallway.  I turned just in time to see the look on my sister’s face as she gazed up into Gavin’s eyes with a combination of shyness and expectation.  If I didn’t know better, I’d think she had already changed her mind about joining us.  Was it Gavin?  Would she fall in love with him or only ask him to turn her?  Her sudden blank expression removed all these suppositions from my mind and I wondered if she was deliberately trying to hide her real feelings from me.  A moment later Amrita and Larkin came around the corner in a whirlwind.  
“Are we late?”  Amrita called.  
“Just in time, my sister,” Emrys said, nodding.
Emrys smiled at me, and then I knew what he had whispered to Rufus earlier: to be sure to find the rest of their little family before our ceremony.  When I looked around at all the happy faces, I realized that all of these people would be my family as well, if or when, my sister took the plunge.  
I studied Lindy’s face, hoping it was just a matter of time before she would realize how badly she wanted this life, and then, suddenly recalling my vision of her and Gavin, my heart overflowed with joy and thankfulness.  If I allowed myself to believe the vision - she would not be left behind.  As I grinned at her, she reached for me.  
“Lizzy, you look beautiful,” she said, giving me a warm careful hug.  Then moving back and standing next to Gavin, she added, “I have a surprise for you.  But I’ll save it for later.  I don’t want to make us late.  Oh, but here,” she added, wide eyed, stifling a laugh.  She placed a white orchid in my hair above my right ear, and whispered “I took if off the table down in the ball room.”  
“Thanks, sis.  Now I’m officially ready.”
Latimer was ready for us when we all filed into the room. 
“My my, we have a large group today!”  His voice croaked like an old frog.  He surveyed the eight of us above his round glasses, “Alright, who is first?  How about you, Gavin, and your beautiful young bride here?” he asked, winking and looking directly at Lindy.  Then sweeping his eyes back to me he said, “Or Emrys, and your beautiful...”  
Latimer did a double take; his eyes bounced back and forth between Lindy and me. Gavin leaned down and whispered into Lindy’s ear just before Emrys stepped forward.  Her face turned a lovely shade of pink, her eyes widened and she let a short nervous laugh escape.  When she realized Emrys had started to speak, she glanced at me with wide eyes and turned back to Gavin, putting a finger to her mouth to shush him.  After that, she stared straight ahead like a statue.  I had seen her do that before: whatever Gavin had said made her uneasy.  
“This ceremony is for me and Elizabeth Rose,” Emrys started to say, stepping forward.  He turned to me and reached for my hand drawing me closer.  I stood to his left, and everyone else took their places, Melinda at my side and Gavin at Emrys’ side, everyone else behind us. The old man cleared his throat, and within a moment or two, a hush fell over the entire group.
* * *
Latimer began the ceremony by opening a small book and he then asked Emrys to take my right hand in his.
“Dearly beloved, we have come together today to witness the joining of Emrys Bertrand and Elizabeth Rose in their aeonian union.  This is a special time of celebration that Emrys and Elizabeth shall long remember, and because of this, they are thankful you are all here to share their joy. From the dawn of Raven history, it has been customary for the sign of approval to be placed upon another, the Signatus, with proof given from The Veinvedia, resulting in the union of two Ravens in marriage.  If these solemn vows that they are about to make remain faithful, their marriage and their love shall be eternal, as they are.”
I found myself daydreaming again as I stared into Emrys’ eyes.  Basking in the over-powering love that emanated from his soul, as once again, I was locked within his eyes as he peered deeply into mine; the depth and breadth of his love, so warm and inviting.  A small smile adorned his face.  His hand sent electrical energy all through me.  And then I realized I had missed something when Emrys began to repeat Latimer’s words: 
“You have become mine forever.  I have become yours forever.”  He squeezed my hand, and never blinked as he kept his eyes riveted on mine.  “Hereafter, I cannot exist without you.  Do not exist without me. Let us share these joys forever. We are word and meaning. You are thought and I am sound.”
I felt light-headed, my heart pounded and my stomach quivered.  This was it.  He would really be mine - forever!
Latimer then had me repeat after him.
“You have become mine forever.  I have become yours forever.”  Our eyes were still locked.  Did he see the love in my eyes?  Did he feel the same emotions as I felt?  Emrys squeezed my hand again as I continued.  “Hereafter, I cannot exist without you.  Do not exist without me.  Let us share these joys forever. We are word and meaning, I am thought and you are sound.”  
I couldn’t help but wonder if Latimer knew of our ability to communicate without me speaking.  If not, this seemed quite ironic. 
Latimer asked Emrys for the ring, and as he spoke he held it between his thumb and forefinger, unconsciously twirling it.  
“This ring,” he began, “is a symbol of unbroken unity.  It portrays completeness and eternity itself.”  He held it up as he said, “A circle without end.”
Taking note of the thick band of sterling silver, I saw alternating squares of intricately engraved pictures: one was a Scottish thistle, one a Celtic knot, one a raven and the last I recognized because of my studies: a Claddagh: two hands clasping a heart together.  Latimer handed the ring back to Emrys. 
“I give you this ring,” Emrys said placing it on my finger, “as a symbol of my vow of unending love, and with all that I am, and all that I have, I will honor you forever.”  
The ring felt warm and heavy, and was a perfect fit.  I wondered if my skin was glowing now - I was tingling with electrical energy as Emrys looked into my eyes.  I only hoped he could see the same expression on my face as the one he lavished on me.  I smiled as I thought – 
I am yours, my husband!  
He acknowledged my thought with a smile.
“Before those gathered here,” Latimer said, “you have both promised each other your unending love.”  He put his hand over our clasped hands.  “This ring is a symbol of that circle of love, no beginning and no ending, and a sign of your deep commitment.  In Saecula Saeculorum.  It is my distinct pleasure to declare that you are now husband and wife.”  He cleared his throat as we both stood staring into each other’s eyes, smiling, just barely hearing Latimer’s words.  
“Emrys, you may kiss your bride.” 
Emrys held my face between his hands, looked into my eyes and whispered so only I could hear him, “I would love to kiss you.” 
And so he did.  
Lindy and Fiona giggled and clapped.  As soon as Emrys had reluctantly released possession of my lips, the two girls descended upon me, wrapping me in their arms.  The three of us circled together in a group hug.  It was hard to contain ourselves as we tried desperately not to squeal out together, giddy with joy, as we used to when something exciting happened.  
When I turned to face Amrita it was now easy for me to see beyond her outward appearance.  I realized at once that her countenance revealed her true happiness for us.  Her smile was wide and genuine.  The thick, dark makeup and multiple body decorations were only skin-deep. She could no longer hide herself from me.  I saw right through the facade.  
“Sister!  Welcome to our family,” Amrita said, embracing me. 
Rufus and then Gavin greeted Emrys with a hand to elbow whole-arm clasp that reminded me of an old-fashioned, medieval form of handshake.  Amrita and Larkin then took their turn to embrace Emrys 
After we signed our marriage papers, Latimer pulled out a huge brown leather book from a nearby shelf.  It looked so heavy, and his arms so ancient, that I thought he would drop it on his foot.  He plunked it down on the table with a loud, thick thud.  Both the front and back bore an embossed design of a giant old oak tree; roots, trunk, branches and leaves.  The roots and trunk twisted and knotted and led up into the gnarled branches, reminding me of the deformed hand of a very old man riddled with arthritis.  Above the huge oak tree written in golden letters were the words: Raven Legend.  I realized at once, it looked just like the design on the goblet that Emrys had used to feed me my first drink of blood.  And then I understood.  It represented the tree of life!  I watched wide eyed as Latimer entered my name as an official Raven, and then Emrys smiled at me as he finished signing his name next to mine. He gave a slight nod, acknowledging my discernment.  It all made sense to me now.  They kept records of all the new members of their society and those responsible for turning them: a census bureau for vampires.  I wondered if Latimer would ever get with the times and purchase a computer, but somehow I doubted he’d ever change.  He looked pretty old for a vampire, but the book he placed back on the shelf, slow and with so much care, looked even more ancient. Emrys chuckled softly.  
“I’m glad to keep you so highly entertained,” I whispered with a grin, leaning toward him, “but does this mean what I think it means?  A record of new vampires?”  He nodded again and turned back to the record keeper.
“Thank you very much, Latimer,” he said, clasping the old man’s arm in the same manner as earlier. 
“It has been my pleasure, Sir,” Latimer uttered in his gravelly voice.  He took my hand in his, and giving a bow, said, “Madame.”
I had no idea how to address this ancient Raven.  It was obvious everyone had great esteem for him and his place in this society.  
“Thank you.”  I managed a feeble squeak.
Once out in the hallway again, there were more hugs and congratulations, and it was apparent that Fiona and Rufus were in quite a hurry to say goodbye.  
“Wait,” Lindy said, stopping them, “shouldn’t we at least go have a glass of wine or something to toast the happy couple?  
Fiona gave me a pleading look, begging me to say no.  I tried so hard not to imagine why, but caught Emrys glancing down to hide his grin.  I figured he thought the same thing as I, and the look on his face clinched it. 
“One quick drink,” Emrys agreed, regaining his composure, “and that will be all.  Surely we all have more pressing issues to deal with before this gathering is done.” 
Rufus took Fiona’s hand and led her down the hallway.  We followed behind Gavin and Lindy, and I kept my eye on him to see how much attention he paid to her.  Down at the bottom of the stairway, I managed to catch up to Melinda and told her I needed her help for a moment.  Amrita and Larkin went on ahead to join Fiona and Rufus, who had gotten quite ahead of us, Gavin and Emrys waited outside as we ducked into the restroom.  I had to think fast.  She wasn’t supposed to know if she had a sign or not, so I told her a bra strap was hanging out the back of her dress near the sleeve, and that I would tighten it.  
“Lift up your hair, Lindy, I can’t see a thing.”
She piled it up on top of her head with one hand and stood motionless, frowning at me in the reflection of the mirror, suspicious of my reasons to get her alone.  I managed to get a good look at the base of her skull, and found nothing unusual.  
“Are you quite done yet?” she asked in a most agitated tone.  “What’s going on, Lizzy?  Why are you wasting my time?  Or is it your time?  You’re stalling, aren’t you?  You’re nervous about your wedding night!” 
“Yeah, you caught me,” I said, giving her a fake nervous laugh.
I never was a good liar, but now since I didn’t blush any longer, I supposed I could get away with this one little white lie.  I pretended to chew on my nail.  “Got any advice for me, sis?”
“What makes you think I would have any advice?” she said, putting a hand on her hip.  “You know darn well it only happened that once. I feel guilty enough about it.  You don’t have to rub it in, Elizabeth!”
“Well, I just thought maybe you had some encouraging words, that’s all.  I wasn’t insinuating anything more.”  I felt terrible now. I guess even vampires can be idiots. 
“Well, if I was you, I would just relax and enjoy the ride,” she said, grinning at me, relishing the fact that her words made me squirm.  “Lizzy, you’ll be fine,” she added, apparently stabbed by a twinge of guilt.  “I can see how much he loves you.  He won’t do anything to hurt you. You know that, right?” 
I nodded, but didn’t have the heart to tell her I was the one who couldn’t wait, and he was the one who had all the patience and self-control.  
“So,” I said, changing the subject, “what’s going on with you and Gavin?  Do you really like him or what?”
An expression crossed her face I had never seen before, and I couldn’t read it.  
“Yes, I do like him.  I’ve managed to surprise even myself tonight.  He’s certainly not the type I’d ever go after,” Lindy said, glancing into the mirror, running her fingers through her hair.  “He’s exactly like one of those gentlemen out of a Victorian era novel.” She sighed and said, “He’s poetic, intellectual, serious, and yet, he loves to make people laugh.  He confuses me a little.  He’s so smart - I guess since he’s been around so long.  I don’t know.  Why do you ask?” 
I didn’t want to push the issue, and I wasn’t sure if I should tell her about my new talent just yet.  “I can picture you two together, Lindy.  I see how he looks at you.  I think he really likes you too.”
“You’re saying that only because you want me to become a vampire.  Aren’t you?” 
“No, Lindy, That’s your choice.  I’m telling you - pay attention.  Gavin is one of Emrys’ oldest friends.  He would tell me if he was a bad seed.”
“What do you mean, ‘a bad seed’?  I thought all these Ravens were different.”  She looked upset now, frowning and glaring at me.
“Well, this isn’t the time to go into it, but there are bad vampires out there.  I met one myself earlier tonight.”  I shivered remembering what almost happened.
“Oh sure, now you tell me about the bad ones.  Here I thought this night would be just one big party.  Now I have to worry and have eyes behind my head?  How am I supposed to know who is good and who is bad?”
“Just stick with Gavin.  I promise you that you’ll be fine.  Please trust me, Lindy.”
“Alright,” she said, taking a deep breath and shaking out her hair.  “But remember, I’m counting on you to watch my back.  Now that you are one of them, you would know, right?”
“Lindy, that’s the one thing I am sure of right now.  I think I’d know if someone planned to hurt you.  At this point in time, you are safe, especially if you stay close to Gavin.  I have a feeling he’s watching out for you anyway.”  Lindy thought about that for a moment.
“You’re probably right,” she finally said.  “Ever since our first dance, he hasn’t left my side.  There were a lot of women who tried to get him out on the dance floor too, but he turned them all down,” she said giggling. “Hmm, I wonder...”  
She didn’t finish her thought, and I could only assume it had something to do with whatever he had whispered to her earlier.  If I wasn’t in such a hurry to get back to Emrys, I would have questioned her more, but I really needed to get back out there.  I began to feel withdrawal symptoms, not only for Emrys, but my mouth had suddenly gone dry.  I had a new thirst building up inside - one that only human blood could quench.
* * *
The glasses of champagne were filled by two servers just as Lindy and I joined the rest of our group at the table, and they handed us both a glass.  
“To Emrys and Elizabeth,” Gavin said, raising his glass high.  “Never go to bed angry...always stay up and argue.”  Then he turned to Emrys, as a wide grin lit up his face, “Always remember these three little words, Emrys: You’re right, dear.”  Everyone chuckled, more so from politeness than anything.
“All kidding aside,” Gavin continued, “Congratulations.  And may your love be as, in the words of Kahil Gibran: ‘Marriage is like a golden ring in a chain, whose beginning is a glance and whose ending is eternity.’”  
Gavin raised his glass again with the most serious look I had seen on him so far, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw Lindy taking special notice.
“Aw, that was so sweet,” Lindy whispered to Gavin, as we all took a drink. 
Gavin beamed at her; it was obvious to me how smitten he was already.  Glancing around quickly, I noted the look on Fiona’s face.  She seemed to realize the same thing as I had and she winked at me.  
The band started playing another soft melody which seemed to fit right in with our cheerfulness, and a few couples strolled out to the dance floor.  I scanned the room noticing that everyone had changed from their costumes now, and the gathering took on a more peaceful feeling.  I turned back just as my sister lifted her glass again and gave me her most genuine smile.  
“Elizabeth,” Lindy began, “when I first heard about your plans, I thought you had lost your mind - jumping into something so quickly.  But I can see now that I was so wrong.  I have never seen you looking happier or more beautiful than you are tonight.  I believe you have really found true happiness.”  She turned to my new husband.
“Emrys, thank you for loving my sister so completely.  She deserves the best, and I believe you can give it to her.  Cheers.”  
“Thank you Melinda,” Emrys said, nodding his appreciation.  “And I can guarantee you that I will make Elizabeth happier than she could ever imagine.”  Emrys put his arm around my waist, looked into my eyes, and then gave me a soft, sweet kiss.  
Everyone seemed to comment all at once affirming his words with short pithy comments.  I heard a few ‘salutes’ and ‘hear-hear’ and even an ‘aw’ or two from the ladies.  Emrys then turned to face my friend and her husband. 
“Fiona and Rufus, this is also your day,” he said with a warm smile.  “Let us not forget our heartfelt congratulations to you both.  And Fiona, I sincerely want to thank you for getting my sweet Elizabeth to join you this evening.  You have always waited for this life, expecting and planning for its arrival.  I will forever be indebted to you for encouraging my wife about the reality of the Ravens.”  His hand drew me closer as he heard me imagining things turning out so differently, if not for Fiona’s steadfast beliefs, and a small involuntary shudder shook him. 
After a few more toasts and a few more tender embraces, Fiona and Rufus departed in blissful haste.  A short time later, Amrita and Larkin went to dance to a gentle melody.  Melinda and Gavin walked us to the bottom of the stairway, and after our farewells, they ventured off into one of the side rooms that were filled with sofas and fireplaces, burning candles and smoky aromas.  I began to feel excited for her.  Maybe all she needed was a little romance to turn her mind to, what I now knew would be, a bright future of endless happiness and love.
Emrys tucked my arm in his, and we started up the steps.  
“Well, my dear sweet Elizabeth, my wife.  Let us go learn of carnal knowledge, shall we?” he said through a soft chuckle.
“That’s kind of a weird way of putting it, don’t you think?  Not too romantic, at all.  We’ve only been married now for about an hour, and already you’ve lost the ability to romance me?” I teased him, elbowing his ribs.
“You have not seen anything yet, my little pretty.”
A momentary twinge of jealousy ran through my mind as I thought about his past, and the one question I had never asked him.
“Oh sweet Elizabeth, some things do not have to be experienced fully for the imagination to inspire you.  And I,” he said, leaning in toward me, “have a great imagination.”  
While he made it sound as though he didn’t have a lot of experience in that area, he hadn’t given me any straight answers either.  In all seriousness, I didn’t think I actually wanted to know one way or the other about that part of his past anyway. 
Reaching the top of the stairs he leaned in once more and whispered, “I love you, Elizabeth.”
His breath came hot and heavy in my ear, sending chills down my side.  He was so good at everything else, and had such a way with words, particularly when he spoke them into my ears that way.  If he could make me feel this way just with his words, what was I really in for?  Just the thought of it made me reel backwards.
Emrys put his hands on my shoulders to steady me, gazed into my eyes in his most mesmerizing way and said, “You shall see soon enough, but first, I would love to kiss you.”
†

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Sharon Ricklin wrote her first contemporary romance novel while homeschooling her youngest son.  After several long-distance moves and eventually becoming an empty nester, it was finally time to get busy editing that book.  That was about five years ago. All was going well - until she had the most vivid dream she’d ever had in her life.  This dream gave birth to the Ravenswynd Series and Sharon started writing in a new genre: Paranormal Romance. Or as she likes to call it - Romance with a Twist. 
Sharon is a member of Romance Writers of America, the author of two blogs, and somewhat addicted to social networking. Now living in a small town in Wisconsin, she is currently working on two time-travel-romance novels, finishing the final edits on the fourth Ravenswynd novel, and hopes to one day re-write and edit that elusive first book - still safely tucked away under her bed.









Coming soon - Book Two
Ravenswynd Dreams
Sneak Peek after next page

For information about Sharon’s novels - visit her Online:
Website:
http://www.sharonricklinjones.com 
Writing Blog 
http://color-me-read.blogspot.com/ 
Facebook
Facebook/SharonRicklin.Author  
Twitter
https://twitter.com/RavenswyndTweet



Ravenswynd Dreams
Book Two
† †
“Again?” I whispered, noticing his arousal.
“Why not?” he asked, a glimmer of hope filling his eyes.
Before I could respond there was a knock at our door.  I flung myself under the covers, and Emrys reluctantly went to the door to see who so rudely interrupted us.  My eyes followed his every move as he walked away, wearing nothing but his medallion.  His hair covered most of his back, but the muscles in his legs and his hindquarters were quite visible as he strolled to the door.  What a magnificent view! Several more erotic impressions about his sexiness went through my mind, and knowing he could hear my thoughts, made it all the funnier.  I started to giggle as he arrived at the doorway; he turned his head giving me a sideways glance and an amused grin.
“Yes?” he called out through the closed door.
I couldn’t make out the voice or the words, but I knew something was wrong by the way Emrys turned in a flash, a pained look crossing his face.
“We will be right there!”  I heard an alarming edge in his voice, one I had never heard before, and a sudden shudder of fear shot through me.
All my steamy musings disappeared in an instant as confusion gripped my mind.  Emrys flew back toward the bed, opened a drawer and threw a pair of jeans and a t-shirt at me, and as he jumped into his own clothes, he ordered, “Get these on; we must go to our sister!”
As I scrambled into my clothes in a rush, I asked, “Is it Amrita?  What happened?  Is she ok?”
I could not, for the life of me, imagine what could have happened.  After all, she couldn’t get sick.  Nothing short of a very sharp object to the neck area would stop her, and then only if her head were completely severed.  The actual thought sent another shudder through my body.  I ran my fingers through my jumbled hair and slipped into the pair of shoes that Emrys tossed at my feet.
“I am not sure what happened,” he said.  “But we must hurry, Elizabeth!”  He didn’t make eye contact as he held the door open for me.  He took my hand and we rushed into the elevator.  Pulling me into his embrace and stroking my hair with his other hand, he whispered, “She will be ok.  We can fix this.  You shall see.”
I was even more confused and about to ask why he was so evasive.  But before I could put my question into words he stopped me.  
Putting a finger on my lips and looking earnestly into my eyes, he said, “I promise you – she will be alright.”  
My heart dropped in panic when it hit me; perhaps when he’d said, ‘our sister’ he actually meant Melinda!  The elevator lurched to a stop and I swallowed hard, trying not to vomit.  When the doors opened, I saw that we were now a few floors below our suite.  Flames from the candles along the walls still danced, but eerily this time.  The familiar hallways loomed before me, turning the panic to sheer terror. This floor was the one that housed all the doors with the padlocks on the outside. 

† †
