

Recalibrate


~~~


David Manoa


Copyright 2020 David Manoa
SMASHWORDS Edition
v. 2.0

~~~~

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as
the author of this work.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means including photocopying, recording, information storage and retrieval systems, or otherwise, without prior permission in writing from the author, with the exception of a book reviewer, who may quote short excerpts in a review.

~~~~~~


Central Police Station
Auckland
New Zealand

“She’s charging me with attempted murder? Are you kidding me?” Braith cries.
In a police interview room, Braith Deveraux explores his surroundings. A green linoleum floor reeks of bleach. White cinder block walls etched with graffiti. A stainless-steel square table and two intimidating cops staring at him waiting for him to confess. They introduce themselves as Detectives Tevita Suarvea and Max Paratai.
To his left side is a two-way mirror, he stares at his bruised right eye. Bloodshot, he can barely wink. Pain like someone is squeezing his eyeball. His black hair is all matted with sweat, jaw aching.
In front of him two imposing figures, both over six foot with muscly builds and tribal tattoos on their left arms. They argue over new information that came to light. 
Braith shifts his weight to lean his shoulder on the wall to release the tension on the right side of his body. He presses his toes through his shoes as the detective interviewing him tries to make him admit to his crime. Every word Braith says in defense, falls on deaf ears. Frustrated he stares up at the fluorescent light beaming into his eyes, hoping this is all an illusion.
SLAM!
Braith shudders then sneers at Detective Suarvea. His disheveled face and piecing stare fills Braith's body with fear, the sinew in his jaw pulses. A scar on the right eye; someone who obviously seen and heard it all. The polystyrene cup tips and the water streams across the table onto his pants. Braith watches it soak his crotch area.
Max Paratai leaves the room and Braith is left alone with the detective nicknamed Rooks, who gets in Braith's face, breathing down on him. “Listen cocksucker, stop lying to me... I have you on video.”
Braith shakes his head “It's not what you think! Play the sound! She was fine! There is no way she can say she almost died. It’s bullshit! I can lead in with conversation to give context to my actions.”
“Context?” Detective Suarvea, cracks up laughing, “I don't need sound to see what the fuck you were doing, wife beater. Look at the size of you. You dwarf her.”
“She's not my wife.”
“Whatever. It’s cockroaches like you I despise thinking there’s an excuse to your actions. But it’s innocent before proven guilty, right? You can save me a lot of paperwork and the taxpayer money. I ain't got time to turn up to court hearings while my whole city burns with scum worse than you.”
The cop plays the video again, Braith tries remembering what was said word for word. Before he is able to open his mouth, he is interrupted by a knock at the door.
It opens. There are two women at the door. The one he loves followed by the one he… strangled?

***
Braith Deveraux

Six months before.

In my apartment, 46 floors high. I reflect as the last line of yellow light begins to diminish. Day turns to night. Messed up, turns to total disaster. Today, I found out my colleague Louis Waters knocked up my fiancé, Lauren. And Lauren had the nerve to say it was my baby.
News like this shatters my mind. Dulls my senses. Throws my world into disarray. At least, the first taste of whiskey is of some comfort. Comfort. I hold my glass up against the window as streaks of sunlight make the liquor look like liquid gold before looking like molasses minutes later. I replay the jaded memory of me confronting Louis and I pretty much beat an admission out of him. Unfortunately, I did it at work. In front of my boss, Geoff Caracas, and the whole board of directors.
After security kicked me out, I got the call minutes later from Geoff that I was fired from my job at Caracas Ltd. So here I am with my friend, Claire Deville, soaking in the moment of my realized unemployment. I went into detail about my future plans then gave her a big hug. God, it felt so good. I needed it.
I said, “With you by my side, I’m ok.” I held Claire for a while longer. A kind of hug which felt like a relief, I won't be alone in the next stage of my life. I let go and for a brief second, I sense the hesitation in Claire.
“What's wrong?” I ask.
“The business idea you had. Will it take some time to set up?”
“A month, maybe two max. I'll need you to help me set up before it all starts officially.” 
“How can you afford to pay me?” she says, “You need money to lease a building for an office and all those other expenses in starting a business.”
“You're in the office right now, baby.”
She rolls her eyes. The line seemed bad ass for Denzel Washington in Training day.
I smile, “I might be fired, but it doesn’t mean I walk out of Caracas Ltd empty-handed. I have my company superannuation, along with shares.”
“I can't accept being paid out of your superannuation. I'm better off just finding a job, till you get set up. I'll come and work for you then.”
“No way. I need you Claire, to handle all the administration while I get myself out there and pitch for business. You'll be my right-hand man.”
Claire raised a brow.
I flinched, brain spasm, “I mean woman.”
Her shoulder drops an inch, to some relief, “Ok, but please be organized this time around. I still think you haven't thought this through.”
The whiskey tingles in the back of my throat when suddenly there is a knock at the door. I turn and the front door is pushed in. Louis. He has his hands at his hips. Beads of sweat drip across his big-ass forehead. His comb over spiking up like a rooster. He takes off his grey suit jacket.
“What the hell are you doing here Louis?” I asked.
“Geoff said you’re fired. I'm sorry Braith.”
I shrugged, “Well, you got everything you wanted. You won! Happy now?”
Louis looked down for a moment, “I came to say I'm sorry for sleeping with Lauren.”
I slammed my empty glass on the table. “Well Louis, I'm sorry as well.”
Louis frowned. “What do you mean?”
“Well, you are going to be a father now. If I were you, you should be talking to Lauren about that role and I hope you have deep pockets ‘cause Lauren and the baby are gonna be high maintenance. That's for damn sure.”
“Lauren still thinks you're the daddy! She wants you to do a paternity test.”
“Listen, the baby ain't mine unless she's the virgin Mary. Which she ain't!”
Louis has his hands by his hips, brows furrowed, “How do you know for sure?”
“Because I had a vasectomy a week after I met Lauren. I have the receipt for the appointment, I'll email the PDF to you. I never wanted kids. Ever.”
“She never knew you snipped the tube?”
“No.”
Louis breathes a sigh of relief. He pats his chest. He smiles. “Phew. So, you’ve been shooting blanks since you met her. Thank God! The kid is really mine. Woo hoo! I always wanted to be a father, Braith. I love kids.”
My eyes flick to Claire who tries to hold back a laugh. “Well I guess a real kid will change your perspective on things, rather than the kids, otherwise known as sales cadets, you like to terrorize in the sales office.”
Louis chuckles, “Yes, my own flesh and blood. Moving forward my life will be different. I wonder what the kid is going to look like. If it's going to look like me or Lauren or if it's going to be a boy or girl. Man, I want a boy. A son, so I can name him Julius I like how it rolls off my tongue.”
“After Julius Caesar?” I ask.
“God no, not that tyrant. On second thoughts yeah, Louis Jr. A name to build my legacy on.”
I try so hard not to laugh, picturing a Louis mini-me, oompa loompa running around. “You should be hoping the baby is healthy.”
“Of course.” Louis smirks and adjusts his tie. “For what it's worth Braith, I will miss working with you. I always thought your temper would be your downfall. But I forgive you as much as you forgave me. We have history my friend. But in the end, there can only be one top account manager at Caracas. Anyways, I digress, I wish you all the best with your tiresome endeavors.” He flicks his eyes to Claire putting his suit jacket on. He straightens his tie. “You too, my dearest Claire. I guess you lucked out, huh? You could have had me...”
We both watch as Louis leaves. I feel a heavy weight lift off my shoulders. I turn to Claire, who exhales when Louis shuts the door behind him.
“Lucked out? Are you kidding me!” She says, “I'm glad, I don't have to see him again.”
“Trust me. In life they always get replaced in some way or form.”
“Not when you're the boss of your new company.”
“Perhaps. I'm crunching the numbers in my head.”
“Any idea what your company name will be?”
How about, “Army of two?”
“No. Sounds stupid.”
“Well, I guess I'm open to any suggestions.”
“I noticed your comment about children. Did you really have surgery for a vasectomy?”
I sigh, “Yes.”
“I never knew you were so against having kids. Pretty drastic move if you ask me.”
“For personal reasons.”
“Well?” she folds her arms, “Please elaborate. I'm interested in your rationale.”
“We may be friends, but we don't have to tell each other everything?”
“We don't. I find it interesting that you are so against it. To go to the extreme length of going under the knife for it. Gosh, what's wrong with condoms?”
“They don't stock large sizes.”
Claire cracks up, “Whatever. I'm curious, in a vasectomy, do they cut the tube that makes the sperm? Does that mean you don't come anymore?” she flinches, “Where does it go?”
I shake my head. “Obviously somebody learned nothing in sex education class. Ah... Catholic girls school upbringing. TMI. Claire... TMI.”
“What? I'm only wondering. I never came across anyone who did it. Do they tie the tube that sends the sperm? Oh, my god, what happens when it all builds up? Ah, is that what they mean by blue balls. It might explain why you always have a temper?”
“Should I neuter myself?”
“Your body, your life. I can get two rocks and do it for you.” She laughs.
Be my guest, had it been done sooner I would avoided all this drama. I go quiet, steeping with my thoughts. Lauren pregnant... Kids...
Claire nudges me, “You can think aloud you know.”
“Okay, jeez! At this time in my life. I'm not ready for children. I made it clear with Lauren, but I never trusted her to take the pill. For all I knew, she could have been popping Tic-Tacs, instead of the pill. Hence, the surgery. I guess I wanted to wait till my whole life situation got better.”
“Life situation huh?” She scratches the side of her head. “Hang on, you said you didn't tell her, you had the vasectomy? Why would you have her take the pill anyway?”
“To make my intentions clear from the start and as a backup for me. There is a one in a one hundred chance that vasectomies fail.”
Claire shakes her head, “Damn, you definitely don't want kids.”
“What about you? You seem like you want them. You would be in your prime years of rearing a child. I hear from my friends' people are putting off kids till their early 40s.”
“Oh God no. I'd never want to have a child at 40. By the time they are in their teens, I won't be fit enough to run around with them. I'd like to be young enough, so I can...”
I raise a brow, “Go to the nightclub with them?”
“No.”
“Spank them when they're naughty?”
“Course not. So, when I retire, they would be out of the goddamn house!”
“Great point. I guess I'm intimidated by infants. Nappy changing, the crying, does my head in. Ugh.”
Claire laughs, “You are such a wussy. You'd love the experience. Especially your own.”
“Oh, so you're saying you have a child from a previous relationship? How old are you Claire?”
“I'm 28. I'm saying from the experience of my friends.”
“They're all having babies?”
“My friends are older than me, you dingbat.”
“Oh, explains your maturity.”
“Or my lost youth.” She sighs.
“What do you mean?” 
“You grow up quick having friends who are five years older than you. Before I thought I was sensible by being around older people, but you realize you are living a life based on their experiences and opinions.”
“Not a bad thing. When I was your age, I was blowing my money on expensive cars and high maintenance women. I could have had two houses with the money I spent. To be 28 again; to turn the clock back ten years. The way I was before... So many regrets. I cringe thinking of it all.”
“Ha. I don't think you would have listened to anyone and still made the same mistakes. Mr. Lamborghini.”
I hold my hands up, “Which I sold!”
“Only because your ex told you to. To get that fancy SUV of yours. The family wagon.”
“Yeah. She was starting to acquire things like she was planning to be pregnant, upon reflection. The spare room cleared out for no reason. The magazines. The subtle hints. Feeding me a healthy diet.”
I pour another drink when there is the sound of knocking at the door. Loud. Like someone pounding their fist.
I say, “Who the hell could this be?”
I open the door and it's Geoff Caracas, my boss. He has a handkerchief wiping the sweat from his forehead and bald head. His gut poking out like a balloon. Great timing for the elevator to be out of service today. All these fat bastards are getting a workout.
“Jesus, you’re gonna have a heart attack, Geoff!” I say, “What do you want? I'll come into work tonight and clear out my things.”
“May I come in?” Geoff is still huffing and puffing leaning against the frame of the door. “I need to talk to you. It’s important.”
“Why?” I say, “You here to tell me in person? You want the personal satisfaction of saying I'm fired!”
He holds his hands up. “I apologize for what I said. The board was there, so I had to. The last thing I want is for them to think I am weak. I'm sorry for the words I said. I didn't mean them, son.”
“It was an Oscar-winning performance. But you know what? I'm sick of you thinking you have the axe, threatening me all the time with my job. So here is my confirmation in four words. Fuck. You. I. Quit!”
“No, no, no. Braith relax.” He exhales, “You’re overreacting. I need you back.” He coughs, clearing his throat, “Please?”
I let out a chuckle. God, this asshole is desperate! “You fire me and now you want to hire me. Tell me the truth. Why do you want me back?”
Geoff points at the stool and sits down. I hand him a drink. He flicks his eyes to Claire then frowns. “The hell is she doing here?”
Claire is about to go when I motion her to stay. “You need to listen to this.” I say to Claire. She sits with a puzzled expression. Geoff undoes his tie, tugging down to breathe.
“Listen Braith. The board convenes once a year. So, for the most of it, I am left to my own devices. In saying though, I had big plans for you until you decided to go postal. The heck were you thinking, going all psycho up there?”
“Well, Louis fucked my fiancé and now she’s pregnant. What did you expect?”
Geoff takes a sip, “Ah... so the plot thickens. Well karma has a way of biting you in the ass, doesn't it? How many times have I told you to keep your dick in your pants? How many times have I warned you about women?”
“I wasn't the one doing the fucking.”
Geoff shrugs, “Revenge sex. You fucked up somehow, now Lauren fucks up. Times are changing and I thought being a sugar daddy was embarrassing.”
“You should take your own advice before giving it. Mister four divorces.”
Geoff grins, “Which means I only got caught four times. I am willing to give you anything you want if you come back. Name your price. I can negotiate fast tracking you into management. How would that feel son? The gold plaque with General Manager on your door after a couple of months.” Geoff folds his arms and sits up. “That’s my offer.”
I roughly calculate the money needed to start my business and what I would receive from Caracas. I would be short two hundred thousand.
“Can I have a private word with Claire?”
Geoff frowns, “Why? She resigned today. This has nothing to do with her!”
“Yes, it does.” I say, “In fact, my decision hinges on her expert opinion.”
“Expert opinion? She files your paperwork and answers phones. Probably other stuff too.” Geoff takes a swig, giving Claire a dirty look. He checks his phone. “Speaking of gold diggers, I have to get back to the office. I'll give you the night to think about it, so that your balls grow back. I'll see you in my office tomorrow. There's something else that happened to Tricia Stanton I need to tell you about.”
“What happened?”
Geoff stands and drains the rest of the glass. “I'll tell you in detail when you come back to work for me. We may have a new starter as well. I received her contract an hour ago.” He licks his lips which gives me the creeps. “She's a big part too. A late edition who will change the future of this company. My legacy.”
“Legacy, if you wanted a legacy, treating people nicer would be first port of call. Cheaper too. I'll entertain the idea of coming back. If! I come back.”
Geoff smiles knowing my dumb ass will be back. He has this knack of reading me like an open book due to the years of working for him. I turn to Claire whose arms are folded leaning against the wall in the lounge.
“C'mon Braith you can't go back there!” She says.
“This is the first time I've been in front of him with an open checkbook with his pants down. Do you realize how significant and rare this is?”
Claire rolls her eyes, “Ew! I'm trying not picture it but there you go again, thinking of yourself.”
“No Claire, us! My condition on coming back is a raise for me and you, a package deal.”
“You could pay me a million dollars Braith. I would never work for Louis again.”
“You work with me again. Like the old times, no drama. No problems. No Louis.”
Claire blinks repeatedly and heads for the window. City skyscrapers have all lit up. Traffic below is lines of streaming stoplights flickering. The world keeps moving and so should we.
“I don't know Braith... when I was working with you, I felt...”
“Under-utilized and under-appreciated.”
“Yes, and underpaid. But there was something else...”
I hold her, “Well, I can fix the last one tomorrow if you ride with me.”
“Ride on what?” she says, “A horse or a donkey?”
“It's a saying. Like, Ride or die chick.”
“Huh? Why hell would I ride and die? Am I going on a suicide mission?”
“Forget it. Damn, you are out of touch with pop culture.”
“I blame my upbringing.” She shrugs.
“Yeah, speaking of which. It was funny Louis had me up on not knowing more about you. I didn't know your Mom's name was Martha and you liked to go swimming three times a week. Ah, it explains why you always left at 5pm on the dot Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.”
“Hey, you got to have a work-life balance. Something you should take note of.”
“Guilty as charged. Women need attention.”
Claire smiles, “Like a flower.”
“No.”
She flinches, “What then?”
“Like a garden.”
Claire says nothing, probably confused. “A garden has many flowers. So, what are you trying to say?”
“That my attention has to be on everything and not just the job. Roses, Petunias, Orchids. Potatoes.”
“You know your flowers, the last one was a clever dig.”
“At whom?” 
“Never mind. Speaking of the job... do you think you could nudge the pay up by fifty percent?”
I smile, “Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, Claire! Am I hearing what I think right now?”
She chuckles, “I'm entertaining the idea. Don't get too excited, blue balls.”
I laugh, “Fifty percent. I could negotiate, but even Geoff has his limits.”
“A lady has bills you know. Telephone bills. Car bills.”
Remembering the Destiny’s Child song, we sit on the sofa. I turn on the lights. Illuminating the room with hues of soft orange light. I take out my phone and order a pizza.
I say, “Pepperoni and cheese, right?”
“Extra cheese.” Claire says licking her lips.
“Done.”
I order and place my phone on the table. We sit silent for a while and stare out watching the skyscrapers which look like Christmas trees. Moments of reflection, so much to take in. Life is going too fast.
She says, “I wonder what happened to Tricia Stanton?”
“I guess we'll find out tomorrow.”
Claire jolts, “I didn't say I would accept. I'll sleep on it.”
“I am confident I can get you the 50%.”
“Can I have my own office? Instead of being at the makeshift desk outside your office?”
“Now you're pushing it. Remember, I have Louis’ office so you would be at the desk across from me so technically you have your own office.”
Claire smiles. “Working closer together huh? I want to go on record that I would prefer you starting your own company, right?”
“I know. I still want to do it and be free of Geoff but a couple of years on this good money will set us up. I won't have to struggle as much to get it off the ground.”

Claire takes out her phone to check her messages. She frowns, seemingly puzzled.
“What's wrong?” I ask.
“My friend got a job at Caracas. She said she’s working for you?”
“Wow, Geoff is really counting his chickens before they hatch. This must be the great plan he's talking about. What is your friend's name?”
“Samantha Cohen.”
“How old is she?”
“Thirty. Turned the big three zero last month I think.”
Her friend brings back a lot of memories for her. She scrolls through her album and shows me Samantha’s old photos with Claire while growing up.
Claire bites her lip, “Seven years she's had my phone number. Not a text, or a call. She doesn't even have Facebook. A friend of a friend said she was married then divorced. Don't know long she was married. Apparently, it was some guy named Reuben at her work.”
“It would be recent.”
“How do you know?”
“She's texting you, now right?”
She chuckles, “Good point.”
“I'd classify her as the friend who only rings or texts when they want something. Kinda like Louis.”
“So, he is your friend?”
I pause, “Is there a word called Frenemy?”
She laughs, “I guess it's all settled, with me not coming back.”
“Hell no. You're my ride or die chick remember?”
“I'm not anyone's chick. If Samantha is starting tomorrow to do my job, it seals off my future there.”
“I'll make sure Samantha isn't hired.”
“No way! I can't do that to my friend.”
“Oh! You mean the friend who doesn't bloody contact you for seven years!”
“Yes, but we grew up together. She's pretty much family. It's better if I find a job somewhere else. There are thousands of jobs out there.”
“Grass isn't always greener. Work with what you know and who you know. I promise, I'll make it work.”
Claire goes all tight-lipped and checks her phone again. “She’s messaged me now to come over to her house to celebrate.”
“Damn. Why would she not call the first time after seven years? Damn, your generation are so antisocial. You want to go?”
Claire rushes to the mirror by the door and flicks back her hair. “Umm... I don't know. I like a little notice to get ready. It’s an hour’s drive too.”
I raise an eyebrow, “Can we both go?” I say, “I am her new boss and all.”
“Be kind of awkward. Both of us being there.”
“Yeah guess so. You go to the party and I'll negotiate our deal with Geoff. Remember Louis needs an assistant too so maybe we can do the bait and switch.”
“Bait and switch?”
“Jeez, you really did have a strict upbringing, or have been living under a rock.”
Claire smiles and stands, “I'll check out the party, but I'll catch up with you tomorrow night.”
“Ok.” My phone vibrates and its Louis calling me. I answer the call and listen to the news Louis just told me...
***
Claire Deville

Party@ Samantha Cohen's
9pm.
632 Gladstone Rd
Ponsonby
Auckland

Where do I start with Samantha? It's funny when growing up with a childhood friend. Kindergarten, primary school, high school, that connection you have so close becoming distant years later, then out of nowhere a text after seven years of silence. Maybe Braith was right.
Samantha was there for me when I had no friends at school and there for me when my parents split, we shared common experiences. I always admired her confidence and drive, traits I wish I had. I mostly had positive memories of her. 
Her experience opened my eyes to men. Breaking down my shyness and building up my confidence. I got the courage to date two guys from my last job. Not at the same time, I must add. For me, I had the inclination to fall in love with the people I work with. Maybe it was easier that way, getting to know the person under the guise of work. That about sealed it for me and workplace relationships after being burned the last time... Graham. The reason why I made a pact to never date a coworker, though, with those feelings I have for Braith. It's all going down a familiar path... 
I pull up at Samantha's house after driving an hour and a half to Hamilton from Auckland. It is a three-bedroom brick house, with a grey tiled roof. She painted over the red bricks with black paint giving it a modern appearance. She's standing on the deck lighting the citronella candles, the floral scent drifts right over to me. She still is as stunning as ever. Shoulder length blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes and gosh, her wasp-like figure still hasn't changed, the luxury of a high metabolism allowing her to eat whatever she wants. 
She spots me crossing the street, and she bolts over to hug me. She's wearing dark blue skinny jeans, black Chuck Taylors and a dark purple blouse with a big knot at the front exposing her cleavage. 
“Hey girl!” she says in her spirited tone of voice, so obvious she's more than two wines in. She kisses me on the lips. Okay... five wines in. Gosh her face looks the same after seven years, barely a wrinkle on her.
“Hey, Samantha! Where is everyone?” I ask as I stare at her flawless face.
“It's just us two.” She taps my shoulder then her own.
I raise a brow, “Really?”
“Well, I’ve had everyone since lunchtime, so we were done a few hours ago. I'm so sorry I haven't been in contact.”
“A call would be ok, you know.”
“I was a bit scared… with it being so long.”
“You scared?” 
Samantha smiles, “A little.”
“I love what you have done to the place. I saw a for sale sign out the front. What's up with that?”
“I want to find an apartment to rent closer to work. To travel a couple of hours each day to Caracas will do my head in.”
“I quite liked the drive to your place, it’s quite therapeutic.” I say, “Any buyers on the house.”
“I'm actually finalizing a deal. Won't feel right till the money is in my bank account. Then I will remove the sign. I argued with the real estate agent as he wanted to slap the sold sticker on it. I will sure need the money with the things I want to do.”
Samantha smiles and hands me a glass of wine, and we head into her lounge. Gosh, there really was a party here. Half empty platters of dip and chips. Pate and dry crackers. Empty wine bottles, beer cans, balloons.
I say, “I hope you didn't bring me over to clean up the mess?”
“I could use a helper...”
We sit on her black leather bean bags on her deck. Samantha goes to light another candle when she rejoins me. This whole house is one she got from the divorce… 
“How did you come about the job at Caracas?” I ask.
She points up at the arrangement of solar lights in the trusses, they light whole place with a coat of orange light giving our skin the appearance of a deep tan. “So... Geoff is Reuben's best mate, and we caught up maybe a few months ago at a conference and I told him I wasn't happy where I was working.”
“What? Reuben is still there at Pacifica Enterprises?” I ask. “You married him right?”
“Worked with him for seven years. Married him the last four. Divorced his ass last year. Now I quit.”
“Story of your life…”
She shrugs, “Got to look after number one, girl.”
“Tell me the truth. What happened there?”
She scratches her nose, “I was at that point in my life where I carried Reuben. Did absolutely everything for that numbskull. I never got kudos or appreciation for the things I did for him.
You should have seen his face when I handed in my resignation, he was begging me to stay. Over the period of seven years I didn't get any pay increases, even when I asked, he kept promising and making pathetic excuses. In the end, I was just sick of it.”
“I know how you feel... It wasn't because of what happened, right?”
Her eyes widen, she flinches. “Course not. Nothing to do with the divorce, it was professional.”
“How did the interview with Geoff go?”
“What interview?”
“You mean he didn't bring you in for one?”
“He rang me and said I start on Monday.”
“What! Don't you have to give the company time to find a replacement?”
“Stuff them. I told them I'm quitting, and Reuben started saying he would give me a pay rise. I said to him, straight in the eye, when? He hesitated... said he would talk to management and get back to me.”
“Yeah right. I’ve heard those responses before.”
“Exactly. I collected my things and left. I'm not concerned, I can imagine Reuben running around like a headless chicken. He has no idea what I do or how to do my job. Serves him right. Serves them all right.”
I raise my glass. “A toast to your new job. So, what is your role at Caracas exactly?”
“Account manager slash Personal Assistant, Geoff said it would lean more on the Personal Assistant side to start with but I want to get a senior account management job eventually... Geoff said I am working with Braith Deveraux.”
“Oh. They moved quickly on my old job.”
“Huh?”
I nod, “I resigned this morning,”
“Claire, no! Why? I thought you loved it there. Gosh, I'm so rude. I never asked what you did there.”
“Too busy in your own world?” I say, “Miss, I don't make contact after seven years.”
“Let it go will ya! You have to keep busy if you want keep eating, girl!”
“Gosh, you still use that line. I wanted a change, but you should know also Braith was fired that afternoon as well.”
“Geoff never told me.”
“Oh, and he was at Braith's apartment two hours later to beg him to come back.”
“What a merry go round! The hell is going on at Caracas?”
I let out a breath. “Trust me it’s a long story and since I'm here, you better get my bottle of the finest Pinot Gris from the wine holder. You have my brand, right?”
Samantha smiles and heads out, “One bottle coming right up. This story better be good.”
“For sure, when you start on Monday, it will be interesting to see how everything plays out.”

***
Braith Deveraux

Louis the dropnuts douchebag

After my call with Louis, he wanted to meet me at this place called the Reilly Tavern. I spot Louis at the table outside. The outdoor gas heaters light up the red brick walls. The big bouncer in his black leather trench coat blows hot breath into his hands. I wave a fifty dollar note to dodge the queue. I duck under the velvet rope to spot Louis poking his index finger into the candle flame. He is dressed in a grey hoodie and grey track pants looking a prowler. I sit in front of him. Louis pulls the hoodie over more and checks his corners. He's twitchy and erratic. Sweaty. Guilty.
“Is there a reason why you are dressed in a hoodie?” I say, “You never wear casual gear.”
Louis leans over, “I'm dressed inconspicuously, so I'm not followed.”
I fold my arms and look around, “By whom? Lauren's dad?”
His eyes shift side to side, he whispers, “I don't know, by the police, FBI, CIA.”
“Is there an APB out for a pedophile?”
“Very funny Braith. The police are investigating Hunter International, your old client and now my client. I heard rumors they were in last week to speak with Geoff.”
“Don't be ridiculous. What the hell happened?”
“Tricia Stanton.”
“What about her?”
“She was arrested for fraud I believe, so every account she was looking after is under investigation. I am trying to find out more.”
I swallow a lump, knowing I'm guilty of facilitating the bribe to her to keep the account. I peer to my side, I lean in to Louis. “So why would you think you'd be guilty of anything?”
“You know how the cops are. Willing to twist anything to take people down, they might try and frame me!”
“Hold on Louis. What did you do?”
Louis squeezes his eyes shut, “Nothing. The police make me nervous.”
“You sure?”
“I swear on the bible.” He flinches, “I mean my conscience.”
“Relax Louis. You'll be fine. In other news, you might take delight in, Geoff has retracted his notice in firing me.”
Louis pulls his hood back exposing his f’ugly face. He slams his fists on the table. “What! I heard Geoff fire you on the phone in front of the whole bloody board!”
“Yeah well, turns out Geoff must have attended the same bad acting classes you did.”
“Say again?” he rubs his eyes. “I take it you'll be doing your old job again?”
“Yes, as originally intended. Bar the Hunter International account.”
Louis says nothing, his frown goes to a wry smile, you can almost see the cogs turn in his calculating brain. “Oh, So I keep the account. Good. I’m relieved. I'm glad you're coming back…”
“What?” I scratch the back of my head. “A moment ago, you almost broke this table.”
He paused, “To be honest I'm glad because it's not the same around Caracas with you gone. It's like Batman and the Joker, nothing is the same in Gotham without Batman.”
“I have asked Claire to come back too.”
Louis' eyes lit up. “Great!”
“But I want her to work for me.”
He strokes his chin, “We'll have to negotiate on my best assistant. Give me your most generous offer.”
“Claire works for me, and she will take care of the cadets. You also get the new girl. Samantha. Geoff is mentioning good things about her.”
“Done. I like the cherry on top too. I will be interested in how Samantha fits in here. I asked Geoff about her, and he fobbed me off saying to keep my dick in my pants.”
“Not bad advice.” I laugh.
Louis shrugs, “Besides, I wasn't too keen on getting the sales cadets back again. I’ve had enough of them.” 
“So, with Tricia gone, who has taken her place at Hunter International?”
“I'm yet to find out. That's what is making me paranoid because the police do want to talk to me at some point. Though with Lauren being pregnant, I’ve got bigger worries. I'm not to sure what to do next? Maybe I’ll ask her to move in with me.”
“Be a start. I have a lot shit in the spare room of the apartment that you need to take. You almost have a head start. Have you talked to her?”
“I have. She wants to have the baby, and she agreed I can assist, after I told her everything. I appreciate you sending the receipt. That shut her right up.”
“Louis, the police weren't the only reason why you brought me here are they?”
He exhales, “Yes, I had an agenda or two. I don't know Lauren well and with the baby situation, I am wondering if you could give me some insight into her.”
“As in?”
“What's she's like as a person?”
“A lying cheating bitch is a start.”
“C'mon Braith. Help a brother out here.”
“Brother? You don't have the right to use the word.” I raise a brow, “After all you did? Give me a break Louis.”
Louis goes quiet. “You know I'm excited and terrified at the same time of being a father. All my life I've always looked out for number one and now. To know I'm bringing a life into this world... It's making me see things a lot differently.” 
I say. “Excited and terrified. Have you always wanted children?”
“I have Braith. It's why worked my ass off to climb the corporate ladder, so I could be in a position to provide everything for my kids. I had it all played out in my mind, to set myself up to be rich and wealthy. Only I seemed to be cursed in finding someone.”
“Yeah, be very difficult to find a woman who matches you.”
“What are you trying to say?”
I flinch, “Matches your intellect.”
“Oh. Yes, for sure. Lauren is, let’s just say, not on the highly intellectual side.”
“Well it looks like opposites attract. Did you have younger brothers or sisters?” 
“No, I was an only child. I had my uncle Albert and his children, I loved looking after them as a kid. I raised those boys making them the men they are today.”
“The same way you treat the cadets?”
“Oh God no. They’re not family. The cadets are a means to an end.”
I order a round, Louis asks for a cocktail and I get a Corona. Louis spins the umbrella around, then flicks his eyes to the rock band, Blackened, playing. He jolts when he spots two cops looking around, working the room. Louis puts his hood back on and turns his chair to me. Back facing the cops.
He says, “Oh my God they're looking for me. Geoff narked me out.”
I laugh as I realize the cops are checking IDs for underage drinkers.
I say, “They’re coming our way.”
Louis hunches down and squeezes his eyes shut. The cops turn a corner and leave with an underage drinker.
I grab Louis and shout, “Freeze!”
Louis jolts and screams like a bitch causing everyone in the bar to stop and stare. I crack up laughing and pull Louis away as we leave. To be honest I miss the guy and as much as he wronged me in the past, I just can't hate the guy. Sure, I get mad. Only moments like these make it all worthwhile. 
***

Caracas Offices
Monday Morning

To walk back into office after my scuffle was a bit disconcerting. The stares from everyone like they saw a ghost. At least when I walk past the sales cadets they leap up to give me a hero's welcome. Salutes and cheers fill the room. Rodger comes up to me again and fills me in on what happened before I'm interrupted by Geoff's booming voice behind me that gives me a rising sensation in my balls. Like I'm on a high ledge or something.
I turn and see Geoff by the door hiking his thumb pointing into his office. He shuts the door behind him and sits behind his desk.
Geoff smooths his hand over his face. “I'm glad you decided to come back.”
“If you accept my terms.”
“Shoot.”
“No, I want your confirmation in writing.” I slide him a piece of paper, and he stares at it.
Geoff rolls his eyes, “You another snowflake?”
“Course not.” I say, “Read it.”
Geoff reads our list of demands, his jaw grinding, before staring at me.
He says, “Fine.” He points, “But you get your ass back to work.”
“I will, once you sign below.”
Geoff grunts and takes out his gold Parker pen to sign. Reading line by line what I want.
“What about Claire?” I ask.
“You want her back? Fine. Claire's your responsibility. I have no qualms with the new girl working with Louis, the idiot will need all the help he can get. Just know Samantha has a plethora of experience so don't ignore her if you need help on some jobs.”
“Trust me, Louis will keep her busy now that his baby on the way.”
Geoff cracks up, “I never thought Snowflake had it in him. I always thought he was queer after that video he showed all of us. I'm surprised, he's still breathing after what he did to you. It’s one thing to sleep with another man’s lady but to get her pregnant…”
“To be honest, I was angry but not so much I would kill the guy. Things had kind of drifted apart already between me and Lauren.”
“Can't blame you. The bitch was around here like this dead moose on my wall.” Geoff shakes his head and stares at it. “Let me give you my philosophy about relationships.”
“Please don't.”
Geoff adjusts his red tie. “If I could go back in time and tell my younger self what not to do with the women I’ve had I'd be a billionaire. Braith, lesson no 1. Nothing lasts forever. Emotions change, People change. Passion changes. I've been through four painful divorces to know.”
“Painful?”
Geoff exhales, “Expensive...”
I pause, biting my tongue trying not laugh. Geoff stands, pacing slowly like a giant moose to the front of his desk. He sits. The desk creaks. The poor desk is going to give way anytime soon.
“Final lesson. Trust your judgment and don't be influenced by your significant other.”
“I don't have that problem.”
“Good. Then handle Claire, so she is not a liability.” Geoff laughs, “Now, get out of my office and make me my money.”
“Yes, sir.” Walking away like I was some corporate hooker.
***
I leave Geoff's office amused when I see this attractive woman standing in my office. Five foot six. Medium build, blonde blue eyes. She reminds me of scarlet women of the 1940s. Marilyn Monroe... She takes in a deep breath, smiles and extends her hand. A small girl in a big world for damn sure. 
“Braith? Hi. My name is Samantha Cohen.”
“Nice to meet you.” I pause taking in her voice. Confident. Assertive. The first impression matches the slightly raspy voice. She's attractive. Her handshake firm.
“I thought I would check in with you first before I meet with Louis, he was going to give me an induction, but I can't find him anywhere.”
I check the clock, it is 10 am and Louis is never late. I take out my phone and call him, but he doesn't answer. Where the hell is he?
“Thank you for coming in. I want to let you know, Claire is coming back to work here and you will be working for Louis.”
“Oh great, Claire!” Samantha flinches, “But Louis! The creepy guy who slept with your fiancé?”
“So, Claire told you?”
“It's what friends do, so what?”
“The friend who ghosted Claire for the last seven years?
Samantha’s cheeks flush pink. “It's complicated.”
“I would have thought friends kept that stuff private, as Claire is a close friend too.”
“Braith... females tell each other everything.”
“Odd. Because I never heard about you, until last Friday.”
“Really? She never mentioned me at all? “
“Not at all. Well, you must be happy now Claire is back working here.”
“Slightly happy…”
“C'mon. Louis is not bad to work with.”
“Well, your shining endorsement makes it a lot better...”
“Trust me. Louis will need you as he's dealing with things of his own.”
“The baby... I get it.”
“Yes. I have to go see Claire and tell her the good news that she is now back on the books. Louis will be in any minute now.”
***
Claire Deville
3 pm.

Being unemployed for the day I spend it in front of the TV binge-watching all my favorite Netflix shows. My eyes are sore and my hip aches from being on my side the whole time. There is something about binge-watching which makes you feel all disoriented and, depending on the show, it can make you depressed and now guilty. I look at all the empty packets of chips and chocolate bars scattered around my room. I sit up and pick up my phone to see a few missed calls from Braith and a message from Samantha.
Should've taken my phone off silent.
Braith messaged an hour ago that he is on his way. I look around at the mess. I bolt to the curtains and open them up so afternoon light streams in. Squinting, adjusting to the light I open the window to let fresh air in. I do a quick tidy up when I hear tires scrunching on gravel. It is Braith, getting out of his car with a bunch of flowers.
“You start tomorrow. Congratulations Claire.” Handing me the flowers.
“What no contract? I still need time to think about it.”
“What's there to think about? He said yes to all our demands. Congratulations on the pay rise too. Can I come in?”
I pause to peer into the lounge. TV running. The half-empty packet of biscuits on the table. The bottles of soda.
“Don't mind if I do,” Braith says as he brushes past to sit on the sofa.
“How was Samantha's first day?”
“It was good apart from her finding out she is working with Louis.”
I face palm, “Oh my God. You dropped that bomb on her. I told her everything about Louis.”
“Yeah, I would have preferred if you’d waited on that one. It wasn't that bad. She was slightly disappointed, I gather.”
“Did she act out in a rage or anything?”
Braith raises a brow. “No. Is there something I should know about?”
“She is quite, how should I say... Shoots straight from the hip.”
“Yeah, she did show some reservation to it, maybe because it was her first day.”
“So how does this work out? I just rock on up to work and continue as normal. Doing everything for you?”
“I guess so. I put a clause in too, coffee and donuts have to be on my desk at 9 am sharp.”
“Ha! You’re precious, aren't you?”
Braith laughs, “I'm joking. Odd though and how come she knew all about me and not vice versa?”
“Didn't think it was important, she was out of the picture for the last seven years. It's girl talk, like a brain dump with no filters.”
“A privacy filter would have been nice as well... anyways I got a returned phone call from Louis that the police may want to interview him.”
Claire's eyes widen, “Over what?”
“I don't know. My guess if Tricia Stanton was fleecing us with the bribes she must have been doing it with other customers and now she's been caught. The cops are investigating how deep her fraud has spread. Explains why Louis was reluctant to tell me the truth when I met him at the Reilly Tavern.”
“You think they will get to you?”
“I don't know. I want to talk to Louis about the questions he was getting asked.”

***

Caracas Ltd
The next day

Claire and I share an elevator, holding our coffee’s ready to start the day. We hear the ding of the elevator. The doors part and behold it is Louis, all red-faced. Fanning his face to cool down.
I say, “Louis, you Ok?”
“Oh my God... Oh, my God. I can't believe what happened.” 
“What?”
Louis turns his head to each side and notices the receptionist and a colleague eavesdropping. Louis points to the boardroom and we head in. He turns on the air-conditioning and starts turning the blinds.
“Okay you got to promise me, none of what I'm going to say will leave this room.”
“Ok.”
Louis turns his head towards Claire. “Oh, you too, gossip queen!”
Claire frowns. I nudge her.
“Ok. I won't tell a soul.” She says.
“Oh, and that soul means your friend Samantha too.”
“Ok! Tell us, Louis, the suspense is killing me.”
Louis pulls one of the blinds down and peers out the window for a moment. Then turns around. He says, “I just found out Tricia from Hunter International is facing charges of attempted murder. She tried to kidnap a woman who worked in the marketing department who came across her fraud.” 
I say, “What! So, she was trying to kill this woman because she knew?”
“Yep, so I could have been next, Braith.”
“What happened after?”
“I explained to the police she bribed other suppliers and they should talk to Geoff again. So, we may be off the hook.”
“You glad it's over?”
“Is it ever?” 
Louis heads over to the blinds and starts turning them around when I see Samantha start to walk past. Louis' points and Samantha sees all of us. I wave her in.
“Louis, please meet Samantha Cohen, she will be your new personal assistant.”
Samantha raises a brow, “And Account Manager.”
Louis licks his lips, his eyes are wide and googly. Like he's fallen in love.
Louis says, “Samantha... it's great to meet you, my dear.”
I raised a brow, watching Samantha appear hesitant and very uncomfortable. Louis takes her by the arm and starts his induction around the office.
“Poor girl. I can almost recite the words Louis is going to say. You know she will quit because she is working with Louis.”
Braith rubs his eyes, “I spoke with Samantha and said to give him a chance.”
“How many chances do we give this guy? He cheated with your fiancé. He tried to undermine your job.”
“And I cheated with Tricia so I’m no angel either. I think Louis is starting to realize his mistakes. I had a one-to-one chat with him and he's becoming a changed man.”
“Trust me. Men never change. They say they do, they promise you the world. They always go back to how they are. It's how Louis is built.”
“You said men before... harsh generalization, don't you think?” I say, “And please don't put me in the same bracket as him.”
Her eyes are red, “Sorry. I meant Louis.”
***
Braith Deveraux

Claire leaves the room, and I am left perplexed by the things she said. I leave the boardroom to see Samantha laugh with Louis as they become acquainted. I guess people do change. Geoff nudges me in the arm passing by.
“I see Snow-white and Snowflake are getting along quite nicely...” he says, stroking his beard.
“So it appears.” Damn, I can lip-read Louis telling her his repetitive dry ass jokes. “For now...”
Geoff pointed to the bathrooms, “I came out of there and saw Claire rushing to the ladies bawling her eyes out. The hell is wrong with her?”
“She'll be fine.”
Geoff folds his arms, giving me his steely gaze. “Anything I should be concerned about?”
“No.”
He points at me, “Remember, Claire's your baggage. If she can't keep her shit together, don't hesitate to fire her!”
I say nothing and let Geoff brush past me and head into Louis’ office to give him a spray too. Welcome to Caracas Ltd, Braith. Welcome... Back.

***

I head to the sales office to set up the projector. I give Claire the heads up on the money saving initiative Geoff threw me head first into. What a way to earn a pay rise by first cutting costs to bankroll our new salaries. Cheeky prick. I check the time, 3 pm. Meeting time. All the boys are relieved to have the last two hours off the phones listening to me babble on when Claire comes in pushing a tray of beers. Chips and dip. Like ants drawn to sugar, the boys grabbed them and became more conversational and attentive. I think... I flick to the first slide which is a picture of a thermometer. It show them the target of two million Geoff wanted to reach.
I say, “Gentlemen, each of you manages or liaises with all departments of Caracas Ltd. We want you to think of ways we can save the company money. Any ideas?”
Rodger checks for a response from the other cadets who say nothing. He puts up his hand. He says, “How about firing Louis? You'll have 250k right there.”
Everyone in the room laughs. It wasn't a bad idea, to be honest.
I say, “Apart from firing or redundancies which are not an option for now, I hope... Think of initiatives where we can save the company money. Even if its small, everything compounds and makes a big difference. Any ideas?”
One guy says, “We can save on the electricity bill by going with LED lighting. The warehouse is so huge we could save lots more if we had solar panels installed. Free energy right there and if we generate any excess it goes to the grid and the power company pays us money!”
“Great idea. You can project manage it with Rodger and make it come to fruition. Any other ideas?”
More of the boys came forward and put through ideas. It is good to see them take ownership in the place they work at. I'm a strong believer if people treat their workplace as their own house it will change their attitudes. All these years these guys were being oppressed by Louis to do his bidding and work hard under fear. The happy faces on these guys being involved and opening up to something different is a joy. Rodger puts up a hand again.
“Yes.”
“I had this idea that could work here as we do it in my flat. We buy in toilet paper that is so cheap. It's one ply though. Maybe we could bulk buy all the consumables like that. Ultra long-life milk, coffee, sugar.”
“Great idea.” I turn to Claire who shakes her head. “What?”
She says, “We are not going to skimp on the toilet paper here boys. Hell, bloody no! One ply is so thin you'd end up with your middle finger up your ass.” 
All the boys laugh but I can see her point. I adjourn the meeting and the boys clear out. I help Claire clean up the mess of pizza boxes and bottles.
“Have you seen Louis?” she asks.
“He was in the office with Samantha. Looked like they were getting chummy.”
Claire says nothing, gathers more bottles to throw to the recycling bin.
“Geoff saw you running to the bathroom crying. Are you ok?”
Claire pauses before dropping the last bottle. She sits and rubs her eyes. “Talking about my past with Samantha brought a lot of emotions back. Talking about my ex, Graham.”
“Damn I never knew about him.”
“For good reason. I blocked him out mentally. Well I tried to. Seems like the pain of it still lives in me.” She wipes her eyes. “I wish Samantha had been there after he broke it off, I didn’t have anyone to talk to.”
“You could have called Samantha?”
She shakes her head. “She took the job in Hamilton at Pacifica Enterprises, said the job had heaps of travel overseas. I guess a part of me didn’t want to reach out because I such a Debbie Downer.” 
“Real friends shouldn’t make you feel that you can’t hesitate to talk about anything. Tell me about this guy, Graham.”
“Maybe it’s me. I don’t know. I loved Graham so much I was actually engaged before I was going to tell Samantha. Then he broke his promise to be with me, saying for the sake of his kids to keep their family together. It broke my heart. Like physically.”
I pause, “What do you mean?”
“Three days after I started to get chest pains and shortness of breath. I went to the hospital, and they pumped me full of drugs to get my heart pumping properly. Being in the bed in my ward alone. With no one to turn to. Depressed.”
I hold Claire as she weeps. I hold her face. “C'mon bring yourself into the present, Claire. That asshole is gone, and you won't have that situation ever again.”
“How do you know?” she cries.
“I know.”
That moment we stare into each other's eyes. Claire's are glassy, it draws me closer. I hold her. I lean forward to kiss her...
KNOCK KNOCK
We turn to see Samantha at the door. She says, “Claire are you Ok?”
Claire steps back, wiping her eyes then smoothing her clothing taking in a deep breath, “Yeah I'm fine.”
She leaves the room and Samantha tries to follow her when Claire asks her to leave her alone. She comes back into the room, gets right in my face, like she is going to head butt me. Jesus!
“What did you say to her, Braith?”
“Nothing, she was telling me about that guy that broke her heart.”
“Graham?”
I nod.
She sighs, stepping back to close the door. She shakes her head then looks up at the lights before blinking. I fill her in on what Claire told me.
Samantha breathes out, “I didn't know she went into hospital. It wasn't supposed to be this way.” 
“Whoa hold on. What are you trying to say?”
She folds her arms, “I was against the relationship from day one. Graham was some creep who wanted a younger woman to toy around with. Both of us were at university at the time, and he was the cause of her grades turning to crap and eventually her not graduating.
 I was so frustrated, she was so weak and pathetic, not to cut the guy off. Another reason why I didn’t contact her, I was so over it! All our conversations were about this guy. First it was all sunshine and rainbows then all these dramas over their situation. I was sick of it and could figure this guy out a mile away. 
I felt after what I did, she should learn to grow up and stand on her own two feet. I guess with her being hospital she wasn’t ready for that…”
“Because she loved him.”
“Ha! Whatever you think that is. When it started getting more serious I took a photo of Claire and Graham together and used it as leverage. I would expose their affair if he didn't end it.” 
“What business was it of yours to interfere?”
“I only did what I thought was right. I was protecting Claire!”
“Graham was going to leave his wife and kids to be with Claire. So what was the point of exposing him?”
“So he says. He never gave a fuck about his kids, they were bloody teenagers. It wouldn't come across as a favorable situation in front of a judge when it would come to custody or the splitting of assets would it? A true measure of a man is one who decides between the money or the woman. I tested him with the threat to see what would happen.”
I breathe out, “I get it. He loved the money more.”
“Exactly. He was stringing her along.”
“You don't know that. Still, it is messed up what you did.”
“I don't hold any regrets, even more now that you told me she was engaged. It all worked out in the end.”
“Not your business though.”
She shrugs, “Well think of it this way, why should she have a life with someone who has kids already. Being second fiddle to all that drama.”
“I think she is able to make decisions on her own.”
“Not back then.” I say nothing when she stands. Tension is in the air and it stinks. “Not now either. Please don't tell her what I did. It won't help.”
“Why tell me in the first place?”
She shrugs, “So you know who really looks out for her.”
“I told her leave it all in the past.” I walk her to the door. She turns and presses her index finger on my chest.
“And so she will...”
***
Claire Deville

Sitting on my sofa staring into the fireplace the flames hypnotize me making me think of nothing. Thinking of my life. What could have been if Graham had chosen me instead of his kids. Imagination is a wild thing thinking of all those scenarios. I hear a knock at my door and it's Samantha dressed in jeans and a purple cardigan.
“Can I come in?”
“Do you ever ask?”
“No.”
She holds up two bottles of wine and smiles brushing past me into my kitchen. She grabs the glasses off the dish rack.
“Great this is what I need right now. You know alcohol makes stress worse.”
“Not past stresses from what I hear. Braith told me everything.”
I sigh, “Did he? How long did you two talk for?”
“Hours on end. A heart to heart.”
I shake.
“Jokes.” she says, “Long enough to know that I needed to see my best friend for some TLC.”
“I'm alright. I'm a big girl.”
“Not to me doll.” She pours my glass. I take a sip and feel better.
“How was your first day with Louis?” I ask, hoping to change the subject.
“To be honest, Louis is not as bad as you made him out to be, given that he did do those things. He's quite quirky and his sense of humor is hilarious. He’s kind of overboard with details telling you everything instead what you need to do.”
“Yep, that’s him. Alright. You only need ABC but he gives you the whole alphabet.” I sit up, “You actually laughed at his jokes?”
She nods.
“Oh my god, no one laughs at his jokes. They are so dark and twisted. Did he tell you the one about the librarian and the suicide?”
“Yep, it was hilarious.”
“How do you even find that funny?”
“C'mon girl. It's a joke. Are you part of the Political Correctness Brigade now?”
I shake my head and smile. “Thinking twice about the joke I see the humor in it.
A woman walks into a library asking for a book on how to kill herself. The Liberian takes off her glasses and tells her to piss off because she won't bring the book back.
I say, “You need help.”
Samantha smirks, “You need help more than me, crybaby.”
“Bitch.”
Both of us chuckle when Samantha licks her lips. She examines her hand then checks her nails.
“Speaking of Braith, he sure has a solid chest on him. A handsome man for sure... A shame though, he's a wolf in sheep's clothing.”
“Excuse me?”
“Oh, I pressed my finger into his chest when I thought he upset you. Is he seeing someone?”
“Trust me, he's not your type.”
Her eyelids flutter, “What's my type, smarty-pants?”
“Guys like Louis.”
She coughs, almost choking on her drink. “I'm... he's got a personality but no, he fails in the looks department. The balding comb over style and beer gut is not my thing. Well, unless he had muscles like Vin Diesel or the Rock I'd reconsider.”
“Girl, do I have some gossip for you. Hot off the press.”
“I know it already.”
“I said, hot off the press.”
“I started working before you, so I know.”
She raises a brow, “Ok, know it all! Did you know that Louis was bribed by this lady named Tricia?”
I gasp, “What? Hold on, Louis? Our Louis?”
“Yes. Why do you find it so hard to believe? You know how slimy he is.”
I pause, so surprised how corrupt Tricia was. She got everything she deserved.
I say, “Explains why Louis was jittery he thought the cops were coming for him.”
“They are.” She pauses, “And anyone else who did the same...”
I flinch when Samantha narrows her eyes.
She says, “Louis gave me an induction and in that he explained the history of the Hunter International Account.”
“And...”
“I think Louis was given the account because Braith agreed to the bribes Tricia was receiving to keep the Hunter International Account. Geoff knew, so he tried to save face by firing him, which would blow up in his face when he realized his top salesman was gone. Am I correct, pussycat?”
I exhale, “You have the last part wrong. Braith slept with Tricia and paid the bribes she wanted. Him being fired had nothing to do with it.”
“Oh my god. Braith is just as bad as Louis.” She says, “Why didn't you tell me this? And how can you even work for the guy.”
I sigh. “I didn't feel comfortable telling you, because of the nature of it.”
“You mean the nature of the crime.”
I close my eyes. 
“Well, your secret is safe with me. But it is important Braith is aware, I know.”
“Excuse me?” I say, “Why?”
“We're all on the same team which will eventually be my team”
We stare at each other for a moment. Samantha definitely has delusions of grandeur.
“I have to pee, be right back,” she says breaking the heavy silence.
Samantha leaves the room and I think about what she said. God, I hope she doesn't try to make a move on Braith.
***
Braith Deveraux

Saturday Night.

Adjustments. Life changing situations. Solitude. Mulling over my thoughts is refreshing. I can think for myself now. I check my phone, to see a message from an unknown number. It reads
I know what you did. I guess we are one for secrets - Samantha
As if I didn't need any more complications right now! So, Claire told her! Man, can’t anyone keep a secret! I ring her phone. Pissed off.
“What’s all the wind noise. Where are you?”
“I'm holding a pizza on my way to your apartment to beg forgiveness.”
“I’m busy with a girl.”
“Your right hand doesn’t count. I need to talk to you about Samantha.”
“Yeah. Well, it's too late for that?”
“What do you mean?”
“I'll wait till you arrive, but you better bring me a bucket of spicy wings with the pizza, sweetheart.”
Ten minutes later there is a knock at the door. I open it and Claire is holding the boxes of pizza. Her face is all flushed. I take the boxes off her and motion for her to come in. I set out the food on the coffee table, and she sits next to me.
I say, “Damn, you and Samantha must be lovers not friends if you told her about what I did. May as well throw in that I have a big penis too.”
“She figured it all out when Louis gave her an induction.”
“Damn, which would have been him pouring his heart out.”
“Exactly. She probably knows what color underwear Louis likes to wear.”
“Blue.” I snap.
“Huh?” she raises an eyebrow.
“Nothing.” I rub my eyes, “Do I have anything to worry about? Is she going to be one of those types to use this info against me down the line?”
“No way. She's not like that.”
“Well. We are even now. We are square.”
“What are you talking about?”
I pause, thinking about my conversation with Samantha. “Nothing, she was implying that she's got stuff on me and Louis, so she's square. Your friend is very hard to read.”
“She is.”
“Speaking of which, how are you coping?”
Claire exhales, she picks at the crust of the pizza, pulling it away to reveal the mozzarella cheese streaking away.
“Better now. I thought I had moved on from my past relationship. Guess the pain still lingers. I don't get it though, with you. How you can move on from Lauren so quickly. It’s like you are built out of Teflon.”
“My situation was different. I mentally checked out of the relationship long before I ended it. To be honest. I'm free.”
“I wish I could feel like that, but I'm not built that way.”
“Hey, it is what makes everyone unique right?”
Claire laughs and I extend my hand, smoothing over the right side of her face.
I say, “Claire... over the last couple of weeks, I have been thinking a lot about you...” She flinches, her eyes widen. “About us.”
“You and me...?” she says.
“What do you think? Partners. Batman and Robin.”
She laughs, “Um... I don't think they're romantically involved.”
“Ugh, you get what I mean. Is there a chance you could make an exception to your rule?”
Claire's face flushes red. Breathing heavily.
“I want you to be my girlfriend.” I say.
“Bold statement.”
“Do I need trumpets or something?” I smile.
“Helps.”
“I know you got stuff with the last guy and you know me long enough to know that I would never hurt you. But I wouldn't mind more than just being friends.”
“You sure?” she says. God damn, she looks irresistible.
I lean over and kiss her, I sense hesitation. Knowing all the past pain she had been through, I hold her face.
I say, “Sometimes in life, to get over past pains, you have to replace them with joy and happiness. Jesus, I sound cheesy but Claire... sometimes you have to take a chance.”
A tear spills from her right eye streaking down her cheek. My thumb mops up the trail as she nods.
She whispers. “Taking a chance? To be your girl... girlfriend?”
I nod, “My girl.” I kiss her more before taking her to my bedroom, ending the night with kisses before tiredness pulls us asleep.

***
Claire Deville

The whole day, this feeling deep inside me. The joy, the happiness, the excitement, most of all the love. I put on my jeans and a t-shirt and head out to Samantha's house to celebrate her housewarming slash sale of her home after work. I arrive at the door to see it open. All the sales cadets are there and people from the office. Rodger comes up and hands me a cup and a spoon of Samantha's purple jelly vodka shots. 
I say, “What the hell is going on?”
“Samantha invited us all, even Louis is here.”
“Braith?”
“No. He's back at the office with Geoff.”
I dig into the jelly shot when I see Samantha out of the corner of my eye talking to Louis on the deck. I shoot over, dodging the boys as most of them are huddled in front of the TV playing Fortnite. Maybe Braith is right, we are the antisocial generation.
“Hey girl!” I say.
“Hey, smarty-pants.” Samantha palms the sides of my face and kisses me on the lips.
Louis raises an eyebrow, drawing an awkward reaction. “I'll leave you two lesbians to it.”
He heads off, earning a chuckle from Samantha. She takes a sip from her wineglass.
“Can I ask you a favor? Can I get you to hold the fort while I pop out?”
“Sure.” 
Samantha raises an eyebrow. Her eyes narrow.
“What?”
“I know that look.”
“What look?”
“You had that same look on ya face when you were with Graham. Who is he?”
“Oh my god, I can't keep it from you. I hooked up with Braith last night.”
“You did what?” Samantha coughs out her wine, “As in fucked him?”
Gosh she said it so loud the boys playing the game turned around.
“Hey! Keep it down. No! We just kissed.”
“Oh no, Claire you shouldn't have done that... you know where it all leads.”
“I don't care.”
“No Claire! What happened last time huh? Workplace relationships never work out. You don't screw the crew.”
“This time it's different.”
“Aren't you at least concerned by the things he's done in the past? He's a cheater for god's sake!”
“That I can understand, I wasn’t with him as his girlfriend. So, it had nothing to do with me. Gosh, why do you have to be such a hater? I am happy now.” I fan my face, “Happy.”
Samantha sighs, “But for how long... is the question. You’re his girlfriend now? It’s like knowing someone you knew who killed and you date the killer. Stockholm syndrome at its best.”
“You’re being extreme. Everything feels right.”
 You’re in the honeymoon stage, it fades, trust me.”
“Can it with your negativity, girl. I thought friends supported each other.”
“They do. Friends also tell you stuff you don't want to hear yourself!”
The moment goes silent between us, even the blaring music seems to fade.
I say, “At the end of the day you know nothing about the bond me and Braith have. So, if you have an opinion, from now on keep it to yourself!”

***
Braith Deveraux

I sit in Geoff's office smoking a cigar with him. Leaning back, I raise my head and blow circles of smoke trying to do hoops. Jesus, I really have moved up the ladder ‘cause normally this fat prick never gives anyone his favorite Cuban variety. I'm expecting good news.
Geoff says, “Braith. I have decided to give Samantha a promotion.” He checks his watch. “She should be here shortly to sign our agreement.”
I sit up and raise an eyebrow, “For what! Sucking your dick?”
Geoff chokes on his cigar and coughs out plumes of cigar smoke while laughing at the same time.
“You're a funny bastard, you know that. She put forward a proposal on how she can maximize my business. She even presented a road map of where we need to be. I wish you and Louis were this pre-emptive and ambitious.”
“Jesus, she just started. She doesn't know jack on how things work around here!”
“She knew what you did with Tricia.”
I grind my jaw.
He stubs out his cigar, “Don't worry, she didn't try to blackmail me, said to read her proposal. Which I did and I approved. You have to open your eyes to her ideas and where this takes us.”
Geoff chucks a folder that is thick as the bible at me. I stare at it for while then flick my eyes back at him as he uses his guillotine cutter on his cigar. Damn things give me the willies.
“I don't have time to read this paperweight. Give me the gist of it.”
“Samantha has contacts which could lead us to new business. She has the upper hand compared to you, who would be cold calling.”
I fold my arms, “What's wrong with my approach?”
“Samantha has the relationships so, therefore, the influence. A foot in the door is better than a knock at the door.”
“Save me the metaphor. C'mon, this isn't a popularity contest. A sale is a sale at the end of the day.”
“She is part of the future for this business.”
“What?”
“As are you son. Iron sharpens iron. This isn't a contest but if I was a betting man and had to put you and her against each other who do think would win?”
“The person with the best price.”
He cuts the cigar making an audible click as the blunt end falls and rolls on his desk towards me. He may as well have put my dick in there with way things are going!
“Wrong, the person with the foot in the door who can get us the deal and the sale!”
I rub my eyes, “I'm not going to argue with you. I respect your decision, but make sure Samantha keeps away from me ‘cause I don't want her meddling in my business. Oh, and rest assured I will get you the sales. So, stock up on cigars.”
***

I leave the smoky room when I get a message from Claire, asking me to come over tonight. I smile, thinking what might happen. Going back to well... they say. A night of lovemaking perhaps? Too soon? I start to reply when a hand touches mine. I look up to see Samantha.
“Hey, partner...” she says with a smirk on her face.
I raise an eyebrow, “I heard from Geoff the proposal you put through. Jesus, it's barely a week and you're already trying to take over!”
She licks her lips, “I saw an opportunity and I asked Geoff what he thought, and he said it was a good idea.”
“Good ideas are like buttholes, everyone has them.”
Samantha laughs, “Don't be so protective. I'm saying I might need your help in some deals to get us over the line. I think we would work well together, or, in my opinion, you would work well under me.”
I say nothing, only stare at her trying to figure her out.
She says, “Are you undressing me with your eyes, Braith?”
“No, Claire wouldn't like that.”
Samantha flinches, “Yes, I heard you two are quite the couple now.”
I shrug.
She says, “Well... well... well.” She leans into me, her hand brushes against my butt. She clutches it. “How long is that going to last?” she whispers in my ear. “From a man that slept with a client to get a sale. Tell me, did you fuck Tricia as good as you do Claire?”
My jaw clenches, as I flick her hand off my ass.
“Don’t touch me.” I hiss.
“Why? Is your cock getting hard? Once a cheater, always a cheater...”
***
9pm

I arrive at Claire's house and, not wasting any time, took her to bed, making love to her over and over again. I lie on my back looking up at the ceiling. Exhausted. Spent. Reflecting on my life. I turn over to face Claire, who is drifting in and out of sleep. It is a beautiful thing to watch her fight the tiredness. I run my fingers through her hair, stroking it, thinking of this moment we’re in now.
She says, “What's wrong?”
“Nothing.”
“No, there is. Tell me.”
“I’ve always been attracted to you from day one. As time went on I use to fantasize what it would -”
“Fantasize? Really?” she smiles.
“Sounds too sexual. Wrong word choice. I mean daydream. Yeah, much more fitting. I used to daydream what it would be like if we were together, it was small flashes and it built and built. And now I’m in bed with you.”
“That sounds like a fantasy.”
I kiss her lips so gently, “That daydream came true.”
Claire flushes, “Guess the situation you mentioned is starting to change…”  
“Yes, that. When I said that if my situation was different, would I have kids?”
She pulls the pillow in to prop up her head. “Yes.”
“I wouldn't mind. My dad used drill into me the Deveraux Trinity.”
“Sounds like blasphemy.”
“It could be, depending on how you look at it. He had three cornerstones defining his happiness. The bottom two were the house and the car. The top was my mom.”
Claire laughed, “Kind of shallow the first two. Thought family and health would be at the bottom.”
“It was more his drive to the things he chased and attained as a young man.”
“So, I'm assuming you have the same ideals.”
“Doesn't hurt to chase those things?”
“Only if I'm at the top.”
“Only two to go.”
I give her a peck on cheek. “I don't know though... your best friend Samantha made a pass at me.” I raise an eyebrow, “like hashtag me-too material...”
Claire sits up as if I’ve poured cold water over her, “She did what?”
“I think she was testing me. After meeting with Geoff, I bumped into her at the office. She seemed to know we hooked up.”
She rolls her eyes. “Of course, I told her.”
“Jesus, Claire, is nothing sacred! Are you gonna go around and tell everyone in the office?”
“No way. I was happy and I told my best friend.”
“Well, that best friend grabbed my ass. You're lucky I had self-control and undying loyalty to you.”
Claire chuckled, then shook her head. “Gosh she can't get it out her head that she thinks all men are cheats. What the heck is she thinking?”
“I think she was just testing me.”
“A messed-up way to test you. I can't wait till I see her.”
“No, don't. Don't make it awkward between you two or me. She’s just started, so maybe she was joking around. Maybe she's the flirty type?”
Claire goes quiet for a sec. “Yeah she is actually... I admire her confidence though, I wish I was more of go getter in life.”
“You are. You got me.”
She laughs, “Gosh, talking you up to be this good man was a bad idea. I should have downplayed it. Kept it quiet.”
“I am a good man, and besides, I think when you're happy you want share the news right? Like if you won the lottery for comparison.”
“Don't flatter yourself, Braith, I'd take the money in a heartbeat!”
“What?”
“Joking. I think she's envious perhaps, a bit jealous I have a man. Still, not cool what she did.”
“Don't be ridiculous. I'm with you. Nothing she can do will break that.”

***
Claire Deville

My mind is riddled with resentment and anger towards Samantha. As soon as Braith falls asleep I text her about what happened with Braith. She calls me right back and I jump out of bed to take the call in the lounge.
“What the heck were you doing?” I said.
Samantha chuckles on the other line. “C'mon it was a joke.”
“It's not a joke when you ass grab my boyfriend.”
She chuckles on the other line again. Belittling me and I’m starting to get annoyed.
“Seriously Samantha!”
“C'mon girl, relax. I was playing, Braith is taking it the wrong way. I think... he had a hard-on when I did it.”
“Well in Braith's words he said hashtag me too.”
Samantha burst out laughing and I hung up on her. Bitch. I can't wait to see you at work tomorrow.
***
Caracas Ltd.

I spot Louis and Samantha chatting like gossip queens. I check the time to see it is almost 10 am. Braith told me he and Louis were going offsite for a meeting. I clench my fists, impatient that they are taking so long. What the heck are they talking about?
“Are you ok?” Braith says as he stands to put on his grey trench coat.
“Nothing.”
“Hey, if this is about Samantha, forget it. I find it amusing.”
“Not when she says you got a hard on.”
Braith laughed, “She wouldn’t know if her hand was on it.”
I fold my arms. 
“Which it wasn’t!” Braith showing his palms. 
“It's not professional either.”
“Listen, let me reassure you. Samantha is not my type.”
I roll my eyes. I stand and adjust Braith's black silk tie.
Braith whispers, “I'll prove it to you... would you like to come over tonight and untie this tie for me?”
“You cooking dinner too?”
“Of course, I’ll even do the dishes and perhaps… we can have desert after?”
His deep tone of voice sends tingles down my body. I look up and smile, then nod. Braith is such a liar, he hasn’t cooked in a thousand years.

I turn to see Louis and Samantha at the door. Braith brushes past me, and they leave. Samantha steps into my office and closes the door behind her, looking around my office. She's wearing a black pencil skirt with black heels and a white sleeveless top. She sits in my chair and swivels around staring at the fluorescent tube light above. Making herself at home already...
“You'll go blind staring at it,” I say.
“Oh, how love is blind... I like how these lights change your perspective when you look away and your eyes adjust to the ambient light and darkness around you. You see things for what they really are...” Samantha sits up and stares at me. “You should try it sometime.”
“I think what you did to Braith was inappropriate.”
“Ugh, get over yourself. Like why are you behaving like a jealous little girl?”
“Excuse me?
“You are being so immature. It was nothing, just flirtatious banter between work colleges, it wasn't a hashtag me-too moment.” She says air quoting with her index fingers.
“Just back off Braith, Ok?”
“Alright!” She pauses a beat, “So we're good?”
“We’re good, but I'm angry with you.”

***
Braith Deveraux

We take Louis’ red 1992 Mazda Miata convertible for a cruise to what he said was an undisclosed location. I take this as a chance to probe more into his actions and confirm my suspicions. I struggle to fit into his car, being almost shoulder to shoulder with him. The day is overcast but there are gaps in the clouds with streaks of sunlight streaming through. 
“Jesus, Louis, how do you even fit in this bloody thing?” I wriggle in the seat to try to get comfortable.
“I had the seats custom fitted, plush cow hide leather with two-tone double stitching. Heated and cooled too. It molds to my body like a glove...”
“Yeah well, you could have made it bigger for the passenger, dummy.”
“How about losing a few pounds, fatty.”
I crack up, “Maybe you should step in front of a mirror, you fat bastard.”
“You're such a fat shamer. Lucky for you I’ve started my low carb diet. Six weeks you'll be doing your dirty laundry on these washboard abs.”
Louis smoothes his hand over his stomach and giggles. He's gonna need more than six weeks. We head onto the motorway, taking the Waterview Tunnel. The novelty of driving with the top off is cool. The size of the car makes us appear like two polar bears on tricycles, and now we’re stuck in traffic and in front of a big bloody bus blowing diesel fumes.
I cough, “Where are we going?” 
“You'll see. I like to take the long way, give the engine a good run.”
“Do we need to wait till we get there to talk about business or will we be dead by the time we get there due to carbon monoxide poisoning?”
“No, we can talk shop, Braith, the floor is open.”
“You first. What the hell is going on with you?”
“Do you promise not to tell anyone?”
“I promise.”
“Do you swear on the bible?”
“Just tell me, dickhead.”
Louis puts his foot down to overtake the bus, slows down and takes the slow lane then exhales. “I did something stupid.”
I raise an eyebrow, “Like how stupid...”
“Long story short, I paid a bribe to Tricia so that I could keep the account.”
“What?” I say, “When did this happen?”
“Don't judge me. I used the money from the rebates that Hunter International was to receive and funneled them into her personal bank account.”
Shit! I knew it! Tricia tried it on him too!  
I say, “Well if we are airing our dirty laundry. I have been paying Tricia in the form of rebates to her own bank account for the past year.”
SCREECH!!!
Louis pulls on the handbrake. Locking up the rear wheels, we slide into the emergency lane to a jolting stop.
“You did it as well?
“She threatened to cancel her business with us unless we paid her. I’m surprised she tried it on you.”
Louis scratches his head. “It all makes sense, but why give me the account? You assumed I wouldn’t do it.”
“As I said. I didn’t think she would try it.”
“You should have told me, Braith. I would have gone to the cops.”
“Yeah, and implicated me.”
“Braith, I can't go to prison. You know what they do to rich people like me.”
“You'll be right at home Louis. Just remember not to drop the soap.”
“Not funny at all, Braith.”
“Hey. You’re not going to prison. Geoff is sorting it out.”
Louis raises an eyebrow, “So Geoff knew?”
“Of course. He didn’t care that the rebates were going to Tricia’s personal account ‘cause it meant we kept the account.”
“You two are rotten scumbags. You set me up.”
“No, Geoff thought it might be best for me get off the account ‘cause I was fucking Tricia on the side. It was only once.”
Louis shakes his head again, “What? Hang on, so you get all fisticuffs with me for sleeping with Lauren and you were sleeping with Tricia. You are such a hypocrite!”
I close my eyes, “I know.”
“So why did you attack me then?”
“I guess I wanted to take my frustrations out on you.”
“I can't wait to tell Claire. You don't deserve to be with her, you compulsive liar.”
“I'll save you the hassle. I told her.”
Louis shakes his head. “Lies, she doesn't know because if she did, she wouldn't go near you.”
“Well, be my guest and tell her. It will blow up in your face.”
Like a Mexican standoff, we eyeball each other. Pieces of trash blow in front of us like tumbleweeds in the wind.
“And Claire still wants to be with you?”
I nod.
“I can't stand the sight of you right now. Get out of my car.”
“No way! Were on the motorway.”
“Get out!”
“Relax Man.”
“Here am I feeling guilty over what I did and you are doing the same thing.”
Louis picks up his phone, “I'm calling the cops.”
I nudge his phone out of his hand and it drops out over the barrier, smashing on the motorway below.
“Don't be stupid. You don't need to do anything like that. Think about it, as long you don't do anything and I don't anything, we are safe. If you ever go to the cops, I'm bringing you down with me.”
Louis shakes his head, “Ok. I promise I won't do anything if you don't. That doesn't say that Samantha won't.”
“I raise an eyebrow, “What do you mean?”
“She knew what I did. Told me this morning, playing that ‘I got one over you’ card.”
“Jesus Christ, you pour your heart to her already? What the hell were you thinking, Louis!”
“She figured everything out. I didn’t flat out tell her.”
“So, this is where she got the confidence to put through her proposal. She’s got us wrapped around her little finger.”
“The hell are you talking about?”
“You know Samantha sent in a proposal to pitch for more business, right?”
“No.”
“Geoff just signed that thing the night of her party, now she is on a par with us,” I say, “Job titles don’t have any value these days.”
“What? C'mon, don't lie to me, Braith, she just started, and she is gunning for our jobs?”
“I said that to Geoff, but the bastard wouldn't have any of it, He wants competition.”
I take out my briefcase and hand him the proposal.
I say, “The first gospel according to Samantha...”
Louis flicks through it, muttering a string of curses. He shakes his head. “What should we do?”
“Just leave things as they are. Let it run its course.”
“No way. I'm not letting Samantha outshine me in front of Geoff.”
“We have no other choice.”
“God no, so she knows about you too?”
I nod.
“So, she basically has us by the balls, and we can't do anything. This situation is disadvantageous but I'm going to dig up her past. No one that cunning is that squeaky clean, especially the way she operates. No one.”
“Good luck. Claire thinks she's squeaky clean, and she's her best friend.” I shrug, “Well, at least on the bright side you're going to be a father in nine months.”
Louis’ face drains of color and he hits forehead on the horn!

***
Claire Deville
I check my phone to see a message from Braith that he will meet with me tonight. We exchange flirtatious texts when Samantha comes through the door and plonks down a folder of accounts.
“What's this?”
“Could you be a lamb and put these new accounts into the system? I need this done before 4pm. I got the sales, so I'll enter those in myself. I'm on a roll, girlfriend.”
“Excuse me?”
She covers her lips for a brief moment. “Oh! Didn't Braith tell you?”
“Tell me what?”
“I thought you two are close.”
“We are?”
“I'm a full-blown Account Manager now. Business development no more slash personal assistant. Cool huh?”
“You just started! What the heck did you do to get promoted?”
“Well sleeping with your client like Braith did wasn’t one of them.” 
I say nothing, almost throwing the paper in her face.
“I presented to Geoff about utilizing all my contacts to chase up leads which was basically a job that Braith was doing so he agreed and offered me a position. It's in the best interests of the company I explained. It leverages my time not having to do paperwork and phone calls. Aren't you happy for me?”
“Gosh, why do I have to be the last one to find things out?” I say, “Braith didn't say diddly squat.”
“See girl. I'm not gonna hate on your relationship but you should have known before I even told you.”
I say nothing but take the folder to glance at the new business she got in. Impressive.
“You move quick, don't you?” I say.
“Trust me, after a month, Louis and Braith are going to work for me. Wouldn't that be good.” She pauses, “Me being your boss?”
I raise an eyebrow, thinking, oh hell no! You're not going to be adding more admin to my job! We lock eyes. Her smug look makes me want to slap her face.
“Girl, don't look at me like that. I'm a better alternative then Geoff, right?”
I pause, then exhale, “If you put it that way. Yeah. Ten times better.”
I watch as Samantha leaves and I check the clock. I can't wait to see Braith and I won't be untying that damn tie. It's going to be his noose!

***

6 pm.

First ingredient. Potatoes to make shepherd's pie. I gather the potatoes and rinse them under the tap. Watching as the dirt washes away to reveal the skin like the lies I’m being told flushing away. I was so disappointed in Braith for not telling me. But as they say there is always two sides to a story. I feel an arm wrap around my waist as Braith kisses my neck. Gosh, I love how he sneaks up on me like that. I breathe in, smelling his cologne.
“How was your day?” he says.
I continue washing the potatoes when Braith wraps his hands around mine. His hands are big as plates.
He whispers in my ear, “Kind of like the movie Ghost where Patrick Swayze puts his hands around that girl’s waist…”
I said, “I wish you were a ghost.”
“What's wrong baby?”
“You tell me how it feels when my best friend dumps a folder of leads for me to input? Oh, and how she is now my boss!”
Braith releases his grip and stands next to the bench looking at his reflection below.
“Why didn't you tell me she is an Account Manager?” I asked.
“Whoa, hold on. She is not an Account Manager. She is doing a special project for Geoff under no title. Second of all, you’re accountable to me, so she had no right to tell you what to do. Her job has nothing to do with us. Samantha is just on an ego trip.”
I scratch my head. “Gosh, tell me about it.”
“Hey, I'll talk to her tomorrow, ok? If she needs someone to do the admin she should be asking Rodger or any of the cadets. You're going to busy with sales I get.”
“Well you're behind because I put through a couple for Samantha yesterday.”
Braith closes his eyes, “I'll get there.”
“You better. I thought it would be cool having my friend working here now I am witnessing a side of her I never knew.”
“She's just career driven and hungry. Very ambitious. I've come across her type before, they will do anything to get to the top.”
I sigh.
“Exactly why I never recommend my own friends and family to work at Caracas. Too many hassles and if they mess up they make you look bad.”
I raise an eyebrow, “What about us?”
“We're different because we get on well.” Braith holds me and whispers, “Because we love each other too...” He starts humming Unchained Melody by the Righteous Brothers.
I chuckle, “You're just as cheesy as that damn movie, Braith.”
“Hey, at least Patrick Swayze came back from the dead to save her. I'll do anything for you... you know that.”
“I never watched the rest of the movie, it was stupid. Ghosts... there's no such thing.”
Braith wraps his arms around me, “I'll sort Samantha out, ok?”
I nod.
“So, all is forgiven.”
“Just promise you won't keep things from me.”
“I won't.”

***
Braith Deveraux
Shots Fired.
Caracas Offices.

I leave the apartment early to get to the office when Geoff gets in. The boss is always an early riser who gets up at 4am to be in the office by 5 am. I walk into his office to see him dipping his tea bag in his cup. Inhaling the steam like some addict doing a line of cocaine. Brings back memories of when I was a young buck in the office. He flinches, then checks the gold Rolex he should gift me for making him so rich.
He says, “The hell are you here so early? You wet the bed or something?” He sips his tea then winces, “If I knew you'd be this early I'd have got you to make my tea.”
“Those days are behind me. I wanted to talk to you, before Samantha came in.”
“Well, she signed up two new clients yesterday, so your useless ass is two to nil. Not only that, she gave me another proposal and a few ideas.”
“Everyone has ideas. A chimpanzee could give you ten. I'm a slow starter, like the tortoise and the hare.”
Geoff stirs his tea then flashes a smile. “You better be careful, if she makes it 4 to nil, I'll fire the shit out of you and Louis and save the company money. Especially with your salary.”
I fold my arms. “There you go again. Some things never change. Always holding the stick and not the carrot.”
“Relax, I'm joking.” He puts his teacup on his desk and sits leaning back, hands behind his head. “What do you want, son?”
“Samantha signed a proposal to chase leads but she is not an Account Manager. Is that correct?” 
“Yes, that is correct. She is not an Account Manager on paper. She has free rein to say what she likes as long as it gets the sale. She could even say she's the President of the United States for all I care.”
“Good. She has no right to be telling Claire what to do.”
“You woke up early to tell me this petty shit!”
“Well, I won't take up your time any longer. I needed to get my facts straight.”
“Do what you need to do, but don't go killing the goose that lays the golden egg. For all we know, Samantha didn't know the proper processes. So at least give her the benefit of the doubt.”
***
2 hours later.

Benefit of the doubt, my ass. I book a meeting room away from prying eyes. I put on a pot of coffee and pour mine when Samantha bursts in. I look up at the clock. 9:00 am on the dot. Not a minute more, not a minute less. She is dressed in a black skirt, only this time it's higher showing more thigh. A dark purple sleeveless top, her hair down not tied up like before. Her sweet perfume whiffs in. She smells like sweet roses and sandalwood soap.
She says, “I got your message this morning, you wanted to talk about something?”
“Yes. Take a seat.”
Samantha reaches for the pot of coffee to pour her own. My fingers drum the handle of my coffee cup as steam rises then I clutch it. Like a gunslinger... She pauses looking into the coffee below, blowing on it. 
“I know what you are going to say,” She says.
“Say what?”
“What I said to Claire.” She bites her lip, then shakes her head. “I'm sorry... I didn't know that there was a process.”
I exhale, “Talk about blowing the wind out my sails.”
“I know you wanted to chew my ear off for what I did. I admit what I did was wrong, and the way I came across, but you have to admit, Claire is going to be somewhat jealous that I have this new role. Maybe you too?”
“Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Hang on there a second. I spoke with Geoff and you don't have a role as an Account Manager. You are fulfilling the proposal you submitted. So, stop with the title.”
“No, I don't see it that way.”
“Well, it is what Geoff said.”
“I'm not the enemy here. I don't want you or Louis out of a job. But there is no point in the company paying enormous salaries if there is a duplication in the job! There is a better way to organize our assets that I’m working on.” She takes another sip then she winces. “I'm doing what I think is best for the company.”
“You know that ultimately means you’re putting your best friend out of a job, right?”
“That won’t happen.” She says, “I'm sure she won't mind working for me. Her admission proved that.”
I shake my head then stand. “Do what you need to do.”
I stand there clutching my coffee cup as she leaves the room. I pull the blinds up to see Claire cross paths with Samantha. Already I sense the tension between them. Claire flicks her eyes to me and heads my way when she stops abruptly probably hearing some snide remark that Samantha says.
I hit my fist on the table, jiggling my cup, spilling coffee. “I wish Geoff had never hired her.” She walks to the table to pour a cup of coffee. 
She winces. “God this is bitter, what were you trying to do, kill her?”
“She thinks she is a somebody when she's not.”
“What did Geoff say?”
I sigh, “That if I don't do my job and win more accounts, she will replace me.”
“What?” Claire puts down her coffee, “I don't understand....”
“She's driven. I can't fault that.”
“I know, but not to that degree. What are you going to do?”
“Whoop her ass and get the sales.” I smiled.
She rolls her eyes. “I might as well quit right now.”
I hold her. Her energy tingles all over my body. Damn, she looks good. “You know me. You know us...” I kiss her. “I won't let that happen. C’mon, let’s take the rest of the day off. I want you.”
“I can't. I'm busy.”
“Work will be there tomorrow. Work will be there the day after. I need to practice my sales pitch...”
I run my hands down, squeezing her rear.
“Sounds inappropriate.” She whispers.
“Not for you...”
***

Caracas Offices
5am
Tuesday.

All that early lovemaking put me to sleep. Trouble is, I wake up at 4am, wide awake. I turn over to see Claire asleep. Damn, she's beautiful. It lingers in my mind those words I said... no, that promise. I won't let it happen. My mind drifts towards work and the anxiety starts to build up in my brain. So much to do...
I shower, change, head off and arrive at my desk. I glance over to see Geoff's office door open, the morning light streaking out into hallway. The sign he's here already. Then I see black heels and a set of legs walking towards me. I look up. Her. Samantha carrying a stack of paperwork smirks as she walks into my office.
I say, “Geoff likes his tea with two sugars. Make sure it's on a saucer too.”
Samantha drops the paperwork on my desk then smiles, “It's actually no sugar, you know he's a diabetic.”
I laugh, “I'm not surprised.”
“So, I hear he has roped you in to making his tea, now he owns you.”
Samantha folds her arms, “I made it for him for all he has done for me. I owe a lot to him for who I am today.”
“Ha! One month in? Get out of here, you are fake as a set of French nails from a nail salon.”
She examines her nails then shakes her head. “You have no idea. None at all.  Sometimes you have to be nice to get things you want.” She chuckles, “To certain people.”
I pick up the paperwork and start reading it, a proposal to make us redundant. “What the hell is this bullshit?”
“When you close deals as quick as I do the job gets done. Six accounts. And while you and Louis cruise around in his pathetic car backstabbing me and crying like bitches, I get on with the job.”
I say nothing, my mind strewn with hate. 
“Oh, and I have the rest of the day off so if you could be a darling and drop a copy on Louis’ desk, that will be great.”
Pissed off, I leap from my chair like a panther and storm into Geoff's office. There he is sipping his last drop of tea, smoothing his straggly white beard, looking into the cup.
I say, “I hope she put cyanide in that cup!”
Geoff closes his eyes, holds his palms out. “Braith, it's only a proposal. I haven't agreed to it, just yet. I needed to buy some more time. It’s a working document.”
“For what? She said she got the deal done.”
“So she says. Have you read all of it?”
“I read the first words restructure and the words disestablished roles next to me and Louis.”
Geoff smiles, “Well you should have read the rest. The restructure is not as bad as you think.”
“What do you mean?”
“Read it! And find out for yourself.” Geoff stands and walks towards the door, holding it open. “Hey last thing, ease up on the aggression with Samantha, ok? She's been telling me that she feels threatened. If it was anyone else, I'd fire them before it gets worse.”
“What? Are you serious Geoff!”
“Hey, lower your voice son. Don't want to hear about it. I’m serious. Just lay off her.”
I say nothing, then close my eyes to stop myself from reacting. I walk towards my office, grab my keys, call Louis.
“Where are you?”
“I'm pulling into the car park right now. I have to take you to see a guy right now. Oh my God, Braith, I’ve got some scandalous dirt on Samantha. You want to check for yourself!

***
Claire Deville
Tuesday
7am.

I turn to see that Braith has left early this morning. A post-it note is stuck to the lamp. It reads, Enjoy your day off! Everything I do, is for you! Braith. I run my hand on the empty side smoothing out the creases on the white silk sheets. Thinking about my life before, how when I was single this was a common sight. I sit up and tie my hair back and check my messages to see a few missed from Samantha, reading that she wants to come over for lunch. I delete her messages and go about my day, cleaning this messy apartment of Braith’s. By lunchtime, I am all done and dusted and reward myself with small glass of wine. Victory.
KNOCK KNOCK
I get up and the pins and needles sensation makes me limp to the door. Samantha.
“What do you want?” I say.
“Can I come in? I want to talk to you about this proposal.”
“I'm kind of busy right now.”
Samantha leans in and points to the bottle of wine on the table. “Busy on your day off drinking wine at 12pm? My have things changed.”
I shrug, “I don't want to be rude, but I just want to be alone right now.”
“Trouble with Braith already?”
“No.”
I stare straight into those pesky blue eyes. She smirks.
“It's about me, isn't it?”
I say nothing. A heavy silence. My response stating the obvious.
“Well Claire, behaving like a baby isn't going to solve anything. Let's talk about it.”
I let out a breath and point to the sofa. She walks past me and collapses on the sofa, kicking off her heels carelessly onto the mopped floor. Scrunching up my pillows.
“Yeah... make yourself at home.”
I grab my glass and sit and watch as she pours her own. 
“Cheers! I know things have been a bit touchy between us with my job and all and I'm so sorry if I came across as arrogant.”
“To be honest, Braith and I had been through a lot, before you arrived on the scene. We both worked hard for Caracas. I can't go through another redundancy.”
“Hey doll, I understand 100 per cent. I sent a proposal through to Geoff today. You'll be alright. I can't promise anything for Louis and Braith, it depends on Geoff.”
“What about Braith?” I say, “Why do you pick on him?”
“I don't trust him.” She takes her glass and almost drains it completely. “I don't even know what you see in him. After all he’s done,”
“Are we going to talk about this again Samantha? I love Braith. I just wish you would accept it and mind your own business!”
“Love... wow. You’re throwing a big word at me girl. It's been a long time since I heard that from you.”
“Or you... maybe you should find a man of your own. Know what that feeling is like?”
“I'm happy with my gigolo fix from time to time. It makes life simple.”
“To see life through your eyes must be dull and dreary.”
I sigh and take another sip. Samantha gets up and looks around Braith's apartment.
She whispers, “He has nice things... all bought with bribed money....”
“Excuse me? You like to take pot shots at my man, don't you?”
“Sorry, I can't help it, especially when you know guys like this.” She walks over to the cabinet and stares at photos of us on a digital photo frame. Pictures of me and Braith interchange from a conference we attended in Queenstown. 
“He reminds me a lot of my ex-husband.” She says.
“Reuben. The one I never met.” I say, “The wedding I never got invited to.”
“It wasn't much of a wedding. Standing there in the registry office, no family, no guests. I felt cheated. Not even a white wedding dress...”
“Then why the hell did you marry that guy?”
“My visa was running out.”
“What? I've known you since kindergarten. You were born here, right?”
She shakes her head “I was born in the Ukraine, came here to New Zealand when I was three. My deadbeat Dad brought my Mom over here. Then one year in, when she settled, he had a secret life of his own and disappeared.”
“Do you remember what your Dad looked like? What was his name?”
Samantha pauses and looks down, eyes shifting side to side. “I do. Tall. My dad looked like a giant. Muscly arms. Brown hair down to his shoulders and the beard, I always liked to touch it because it was prickly. Never knew his real name. Mom wouldn't tell me because she hated him so many years later. Daddy...
Every memory was him making me laugh. Throwing me up in the air. Taking me to park to help me down the slide when I was scared. Candy...” She smiles then laughs, “Candy and ice cream, he always came over with those. Claire, if I could be honest if had to reflect back on my whole life, that was the first time I ever felt happy. Just to see him turn up in his old-school Mustang. The deep rumble of the engine alerting me so I would sprint to the drive-way. That feeling when he would pick me up and hold me. I wish I could capture those moments in a Christmas snow globe to relish in quiet times.
She sits on the sofa next to me and takes her glass, sipping a bit slower now.
“My Mom's mistake was when she came here and ended up being an overstayer, just to be with my Dad. He was always in and out of prison for allegedly dealing meth. He never had a job but always assured my Mom he was going to provide for us, which was all a lie. Once I turned eighteen and got a job, my Mom returned to Ukraine.”
I paused to think back to the time Samantha’s Mom hid everything from us. Clicking on how poor they were.
“How is your Mom now?” Samantha eyes twitch for a second then her eyes go glassy. Tears pooling. “She's dead. Died of cancer only a year after she went back. Just this sapphire pendant and earrings were all she left me. We always argued over the color.”
“Its purple.”
“That’s what I thought. No, it’s indigo.” She takes in a deep breath, clutching the pendant as it gleams with the color. “That's what made me so fricking angry, that I never had the chance to take care of her once I sorted myself out. To be in a financial position where I could help her. For all those years we struggled. Things we missed out on. The things that made us embarrassed due to money. Debt collectors. The banks. The calls. Most of all, I missed out on making things comfortable for her. Paying her back in kind.”
“I'm sorry.”
She breathes in deep “All in the past now. My Mom wasted her life pandering to my Dad who fed us hopes and dreams that when he got out it would all be different. All those promises broken. Time after time. You come to hate people like that. You despise them. I struggle every day with how I want to remember my Dad. Happy memories as a kid to sad ones now.”
“Maybe it’s best just to remember the positives.”
“Maybe...” Samantha drains the rest of her glass and takes out the proposal, and we start to go through it when I read the three letters... next to her name. I'm absolutely shocked!

***
Braith Deveraux

9am

Cramped in Louis’ Mazda Miata for the second time we head over the Auckland Harbor bridge to a suburb named Takapuna. Stuck in traffic, the pace would equate to that of a baby crawling, but it’s cool as we are able to see the view of the boats in the marina and Rangitoto Island in the distance. Louis puts the top down again, sun rising, no breeze on this mint day. I turn his stereo right down after listening to the Backstreet Boys. Louis raises an eyebrow and returns the volume to normal, then starts singing. 
“Hey Louis, I met with Geoff and Samantha, they have a restructure slash proposal they want us to evaluate.”
“What, another one? So, you know it's going to be final? Waste of time to give feedback.”
“Exactly, even before we could prove ourselves. She has won the game already.”
“I got three new accounts, so I'm confident I've won. How many did you get?”
“Two, plus another two I'm waiting to hear back today on.”
“Which means two overall. Braith, don't try to pad your stats.”
“We lost anyway, ‘cause Samantha has got six. I’ve got your copy of the proposal here to look at, in your own time. I'll flick it into the glove box.”
“Did you read it?”
“The first page. Then I got all I needed. Where are we going exactly?”
“A place called Takapuna Beach Café. What does the proposal say?”
“That our jobs are being combined into a single role, and we have to re-apply.”
“I can't believe she's doing this.” Louis pauses for ten seconds at least, “So… are you going to re-apply?”
“Of course.”
“You know it will be me that ends up getting it.”
“Keep dreaming, dickhead.”
Louis smiles, “Head to head. Now we will know who will be the real Top Gun of Caracas. I favor my chances. Immensely.”
“Even with the dumb shit you did?”
“Ha! Step in front of the mirror, Mr fisticuffs... Mr shoot first ask questions later... Mr Ambulance at the bottom of the cliff.”
“For all we know there could be someone external that gets it.”
“Doubt it. No one is as good as me. I'm the best of the best. The elite.”
I laugh, checking my watch as I have appointments this afternoon “So, who is your guy?”
“Samantha’s previous employer and ex-husband. Reuben from Pacifica Enterprises.”
“Just tell me what Reuben said?”
“If I told you, you would think I'm making this all up.”
“Well it wouldn't be the first time...”
“Shut up, Braith.”
“Well give me the executive summary because I don't have time for the drama and emotion. I have two prospective customers that I have to close a sale on.”
“Ever heard of multitasking? Trust me Braith, you need to hear every single detail, if we are going to win this. You're so impatient!”
“Louis, I will slap your face with a 10-inch black dildo if you don't tell me something.”
“Ew. Gross!” He pauses. “Like why does it have to be black? Can't the dildo be white? Are you racist?”
“What the hell are you talking about!”
“Why a dildo? Are you implying that I'm gay? Are you a homophobe, Braith?”
Louis starts tooting his horn and points to me. Now I wish the traffic went faster.
“We got a racist and homophobe right here.” BEEP BEEP “His name is Braith Deveraux!” BEEP BEEP “Homophobe!” BEEP BEEP “Racist! Fat shamer! Right next to me!”
I sink into my seat as everyone is looking. There is even a traffic cop a few car lengths in front of us who pulls into the emergency lane. I pinch Louis hard as he starts cracking up. Luckily the cop is just setting up his radar gun.
“Ask any more demands to rush me Braith and I'll do that stuff in the cafe!”

After Louis’ embarrassing outburst, I calm my impatient ass down. We take the off ramp into Takapuna and arrive at this cafe by Takapuna beach. The carpark asphalt is all rain lashed and empty, the mid-morning sun causing steam to rise. We park up in front of the café and out in front are three weather worn outdoor tables and black shade umbrellas. I see a man nervously waiting by them. He jolts when he locks eyes with us. Beer in hand and cigarette in the other. Who the hell drinks at this time of the morning!
“Please.” I turn to Louis, “Tell me it’s not him...”
Louis waves and smiles and Reuben raises his hand. He skulls down the rest of the beer and stubs out his cigarette then walks towards us.
“Its him.”
I study him, he's wearing black dress pants one size too big. Shoes too big for his feet unless he's a hobbit. He unbuttons the top of his salmon pink shirt. The sweat stains are obvious. The dude comes across unhinged. A mess.
I whisper, “He looks like your evil twin. Only less hair. Not as fat.”
Reuben leans over on Louis’ side of the car and the wind brings in the smell of beer and cigarette smoke. I nearly choke from the human brewery. He reaches out and shakes Louis’ hand and then glances at me.
“Who is he?” Reuben says in a gruff voice. “I told you no one else.”
Louis points at me with a thumb and introduces me as his boyfriend. We get out of the car and take a walk down to the beach. Being a workday, its completely empty apart from a few seagulls and sparrows. Sand so soft my shoes make deep footprints. I take my phone and put it in my shirt pocket exposing the camera lens. I press record.
“Ok, Reuben, if you could. From the beginning.” Louis says.
Reuben stops and begins to take off his shoes the rolls up his dress pants as the incoming waves cover his ankles. We both step back and watch as he stretches his arms out as the sun rises. Looking like he's having a come-to-Jesus moment. I turn to Louis and raise an eyebrow before he nudges me when Reuben turns around.
“Samantha... Samantha Cohen.” Reuben says, “Even just saying her name brings back all these memories. I wish, I wished I was in your situation all these years ago, so I could hear about the terrible things she's done...”
Reuben exhales and stares at the water crashing on his toes.
“I dated Samantha through my job at Pacifica Enterprises. I hired her first as my personal assistant fresh out of university. Sheesh! Was she a looker when she came through my door. I admit, I can't even remember if she had a degree or anything. That smoking hot purple colored dress she wore made me ignore her C.V.
After five years of working with her she was so good with our clients that I promoted her to an Account Manager. I too got an offer to become a business partner and be the face of Pacifica Enterprises. It was around the time -
I say, “Hey I remember you! You were on TV. You had the long hair. Right?”
He exhales, “Yes, it was a wig...”
Louis nudges me.
“Uhm.. Sorry, please. Continue.” I say.
“So it was around that time I fell for her and I fell for her hard. We dated secretly until I asked her to marry me. Sheesh! It was then, she started to show her real colors. Samantha gave me this sob story about how her mother was in bad debt and she needed money to pay her mortgage, or she would lose the house. I gave her fifty grand. Then a year later her mother in the Ukraine was diagnosed with cancer, and she needed money to fly back and see her. I gave her another thirty grand. All that didn't bother me until she wanted me to take loans out in my name. I drew the line and confronted her, and then she starts turning it on me.
She starts deflecting everything by saying she's now pregnant which for me was what I always wanted. I took the loans to tide us over. Then she blamed it on me months later when she had the miscarriage saying it was all the stress I was putting her though.” 
I swallow, “So how did you catch her out?”
Reuben pauses for moment then smiles which turns into a chuckle. “Excuse me, I'm laughing at how ridiculous this started to get. So, like anyone these days I start to check her profile. You know I thought it was odd for a girl her age to have no social media. No Facebook account. No Instagram. Heck, I even googled her and there was nothing. She didn’t have friends outside work that she mixed with. Sheesh, she spent enough time taking photos of herself and her booty.
“She's probably on Tik Tok.” Louis says.
I raise an eyebrow, “That's for teens.”
“No, it's not. I have an account. Oh! You’re right, TikTok wasn't around.”
I shake my head. “Sorry for the interruption, please Reuben continue.”
“So, I luck out finding any trace of her online until I remember I still have a copy of her C.V. I start going through it and I ring up the references and get hold of one who was her ex-boyfriend who she blackmailed to give her a stunning appraisal. It was only till I leaned on him a bit and explained who I was, he told me her real name.
Daryna Olynyk. Turned out her boyfriend was living out of fear for his life as she told him she was part of the Russian mob and if he said anything, she would arrange to kill him. She even got some old dude to rough him up. Beating the brakes off him if he went to the police.
It was a lie, because the guy that beat him up was some old creep she was seeing on the side too and told him about her abusive boyfriend. Of course, she would eventually go on to do the number on him too when the old creep tried to sue Samantha a year later for, like, eighty grand or something. Samantha's university education all paid for, by him. The old guy had to get the guy he beat up to testify, so he could win his case.”
I say, “That would have been awkward. Samantha goes through men like a monkey going from branch to branch. What does she have on you that got you so spooked?”
Reuben walks out of the water and squeezes his toes into the sand. A tiny crab walks over his toes before digging itself into the sand. 
“I confronted her and when she tried to deny it, I called her by her real name. Man did I corner that bitch good. I was so pissed off that I grabbed all her things and threw them on the lawn and tried to kick her out of the house. I lost it.
Reuben closes his eyes, then steps on the crab. “Then she recorded me on her iPhone going absolutely berserk. I called her every name under the sun and threatened to kill her if she didn't get out. I dragged her out on to the lawn in front of all the neighbors. That was my mistake. I regret saying those things.
“We all do. Especially Braith. Who was in a similar situation.” Louis says.
“So, she went to the police?” I say while eyeballing Louis.
“No, they rocked up to our place, but she oddly smoothed things over with them. Saying it was all a misunderstanding. I thought maybe she realized her error. But no, no, a few days later, she sends the iPhone recording to my business partner in an email titled The Face of Pacifica Enterprises, saying that if we don't pay her out she will go to the media.”
“The media would have crucified you for damn sure.” 
Reuben nods, as he puts his socks and shoes on.
Louis says, “So why didn't you go to the police, you had a case of bribery right there! A criminal offence in writing!”
“We couldn't risk any negative media exposure to the company. I couldn't. We had spent over five million in television advertising with my mugshot and a video like that? Regardless of what I say they won't believe a man is innocent. The whole company reputation would have been stuffed, let alone the people who worked there. We employ 120 workers and the business we had, clients would have dropped us in a heartbeat. She even wanted the house we were living in too.”
“Damn... She got that too?” my eyes widen.
Rueben nods. 
“God, she took you to cleaners!” Louis said.
“She sure did. She took the house. The company paid her out, and she gave us the recording and signed a non-disclosure from her that nothing happened and the video was fake. Not that it matters these days.”
“Yeah, that did fuck all for Harvey Weinstein.” I said.
“I know that Samantha has a copy. Deterrence, insurance, countermeasures. Whatever you call it she's clever as they come. So, I can't have you guys bringing it up to her or else I'm screwed. My goal was to tell you what she’s capable of so you can prepare. Or take my humble advice, get the hell out of there. She will always be two steps ahead of you. Quit! It's not worth it to mess with her. You won't win!”
I say, “Fuck this bitch. We're not giving up.” We shake hands and I say, “We promise not to say anything. You have our word. Thank you for your time, Reuben, this helps us a lot.”
Reuben gets all teary eyed and says, “All I wanted was to be a father you know, I put all my hopes and dreams on a woman and my life has ended in ashes. I lost everything.”
Sitting in the car with Louis, I take out my phone and stop it recording. Playing back the footage, he gets in my ear about recording and asks we respect Reuben's wishes. My thumb hovers’ over the delete video icon.
I said, “I promise I won't say anything…”

***
Claire Deville

Samantha leaves and I start to make dinner. I am feeling a bit off, even a little sick after hearing Samantha's story. I think long and hard about everything she said. I decide to make Braith my own version of KFC chicken, grabbing the spices from the cupboard, racking my brain trying to remember them all. Suddenly I feel these muscled arms snake around me and kiss me on the cheek.
“You’re home early.” I say as I lay out the twelve spices on the bench.
“Yeah, it has been hell of a day and I need a drink.”
“Milk is in the fridge.”
“Funny.”
I watch as Braith goes to grab the glasses when he sees the empty bottle then his eyes shift to the two empty glasses.
Braith smiles then says, “I hope you weren't holding the glasses in both hands?”
“No way.” I laugh. “Samantha was here.”
Braith eyes widen and he turns pale as a ghost.
“What the heck was she doing here?”
“She came to apologize.”
“Claire, whatever she said, she's full of shit!”
“Why's that? Braith, I've known her since kindergarten. She's looked after me. I know there has been tension between us, in fact all of us. But she wants to smooth things over and make it work. You read the proposal, right?”
He fills his glass grunts, “The first page.”
“Knowing you Braith, you probably cherry-picked the words disestablished and restructure.”
“Yeah well, she should have made it one page instead of ten and saved a few trees” He takes a long swig and his phone starts to ring. I see that its Louis. Braith swipes it on silent.
“Well if you read the last page it would have said Samantha is now our CEO.
Braith coughs, spitting out the whiskey “What! Bullshit!”
I pick up the copy of the proposal on the table and hand it Braith. He flicks to the last page, eyes wide he throws the paper to the side in disgust. He rubs his eyes.
He says, “What's your take on all this?”
“We keep our jobs.”
“I'm not working under her. No.”
“I mean I would still have a job and you would get the job over Louis.”
“Not with two and zero.”
“It won't be that bad.”
“Her as CEO? I'm trying to picture it. It would be like some helicopter mom telling you off all the time.”
“She's better than Geoff.”
“I can handle Geoff. She does my head in.”
Braith takes another swig. He stares at me. A deathly stare that makes me feel uncomfortable.
“What?”
“How well do you really know her?”

***
11pm.

I can’t sleep. Shocked at everything Braith has told to me. The shock feels like when Skynet took over the world sending it to hell in The Terminator. After everything, she said, I'm at odds with her. Her real name being Daryna Olynyk, gosh she was so pissed off at her Dad she changed her name? Tossing and turning, I’m angry at the things she did and lives she ruined. I want to call her and confront her... but I can’t. 
I turn over to cuddle up to Braith to see all the missed messages from Louis. I'm assuming it's the CEO news. It lights up again and shines on Braith’s face, waking him up. He switches it off and looks at me.
“Are you ok?”
“No. Braith, I wish we had never accepted Geoff's offer and went out on our own.”
He exhales, “Yeah I feel the same way now.”
“Let's quit. We can start again!”
“I... can't right now. Not with the stuff she's done. Not with what is happening with the job. I’m not a quitter.”
“There’s no shame in it. What are you going to do? You can’t go to cops, with what you know about Samantha. You’re just as -”
A heavy silence ensued then Braith flinches, “Guilty as she is... that's what you wanted to say?”
“No, Braith, you know what I mean. I'm sorry I said it that way.”
“You’ve known me long enough to know that I never give up and neither should you. I want to see this though and apply and if I don't get it, I don't get it, and we move on.”
“I just don't get Samantha. What's her end game?”
“World domination and us as her corporate slaves.” He laughed.
“That's not funny, Braith.”
“Sorry...”
Braith moves in close and kisses me on the lips. Parting my hair, his fingers caress the side of my face.
“She'll never have me Claire, because I am not hers to give.”
“I think you worded it wrong.”
“You get the point.” he whispers as his hands sweep over my breasts. “Damn, you are glowing tonight...”
“No makeup.”
Braith chuckles, “Should do it more often...”
You know I will never let that happen. I can’t stop moaning as the pleasurable feeling trickles down my body. His touch... Braith leans in and kisses me again before we make love into the night...

***
Braith Deveraux

A rising tide raises all ships
Caracas Offices
Monday
2pm.

I take the morning off to go offsite to go through the proposal thoroughly. Even at 10 pages, I can still summarize it in a few sentences. Geoff is stepping down. Samantha will be CEO and Louis and I will have to reapply for my job which will be retitled Senior Account Manager. Which may mean I may be out of the running because they may look externally. Companies say they do this to find the best candidate but with Samantha calling the shots...
At least if I don't get it I go out on my shield and I can live with that. I'm not sure about Louis though, and his intentions. He spots me as soon as the elevators open. He starts darting for me, running, his gut going up and down like a yo-yo. What has me perturbed is Geoff agreeing to making Samantha CEO. What did she have over him?
“Braith!” I jolt, Louis stops short of bowling my ass over. His hand on my shoulder. He's puffing, sucking air through his teeth.
“I've been trying to ring and text you the whole bloody day and last night!” 
“Yes, Louis I know. I read the proposal.”
“No, it's not that. Come with me.”
I raise an eyebrow and Louis points to one of the meeting rooms. We walk in and the room is kitted out with a 65” TV for conferences. There are couple of cadets in there on a Skype call. Louis turns it off and kicks them all out. Not even a word, finger pointing to the door.
“We could have gone to my office you know.”
“Red Alert Emergency. Defcon five. Oh! my god! Oh! my god!” I watch Louis pace around the room. Back and forth. Palms clasped on his cheeks. Breathing so tense like he's having a baby.
“Spit it out will ya!”
“Ok Braith. You know me, and you know how nothing gets past me. I pride myself on that. Details. Accuracy. Tenacity. I thought I would fact check Samantha or should I say Daryna. I can't help myself when I'm around her I'm just itching to tell her name to her face...”
“Louis, don't you dare bring that up around her. Reuben told us not to say. You're going off topic. Focus!”
“Ok! Ok!” He breathes in deep. “Remember when we were talking to Reuben how he mentioned the guy that beat her boyfriend up then tried to sue Samantha after he was played.”
“Yeah, the old guy.”
Louis pauses, saying nothing. The suspense isn't killing me but my patience sure was.
“So, as the case was filed through the court, I went online and trawled around the time frame, checking the civil cases filed, an exotic name like Daryna would stick out like dog’s balls and it sure did. And I, with my brilliance and superior intellect was able to get the name of that plaintiff...”
“Who?”
“Geoff Caracas.”
“Get the fuck outta here!”
Louis pinches the knot of his tie, “Nope, here's the file. Got a copy off his lawyer.”
I read through the case, “How the hell did you get that?”
“Duh! Geoff's lawyer is the company lawyer too!”
“Oh, shit you're right! Raymond Elise, he overlooks all our contracts and shit. Oh my God!
Louis nods repeatedly, “Yes Braith. Oh my God!”
My blood boils. My fist clenches. “I'm going to see Geoff. That lying mother fuck-”
“No Braith. Don't!”
Not even God himself can stop me!
***

I storm into Geoff's office as Louis tugs at my suit jacket. I end up dragging his fat ass as I arrive at Samantha's office which is on the way. I stop to see her at her computer. She takes off her reading glasses, raising an eyebrow at me.
I say, “You’re a piece of work, aren't you Daryna!”
I shut her door and go into Geoff's office. Louis files in behind me and starts closing all the blinds.
Geoff blasts. “The hell are you doing, Louis!”
“Sorry sir, I thought it was best to mask Braith's mental breakdown and quite possibly a violent one. You might be next. Cops on standby.” I flick my eyes to Louis who holds his palms out surrendering as he takes a chair. He holds his phone, signaling to Geoff that he will call. What a dick.
Geoff, all relaxed, is standing by the window smoking a cigar, perhaps celebrating his new-found retirement. I put the court case file blank side showing on his desk and Geoff stares at it. He puts out the cigar and the smoke drifts to us as Louis fans away the cancerous cloud. He clears his throat. “Son, I would give you one, but I thought I would wait till appropriate. Thirsty?”
“I saw the job advertised externally, the same day I got the proposal and HR’s email to the company about the vacancy before we could say anything. What a shitty consultation.”
Geoff quenches his dry throat with swig of whiskey. He hands me a glass which I sure need after what I heard. I drain the whole glass in one hit. My eyes water, I almost retch. Louis refuses, perhaps preferring popcorn by the way he is enthralled.
Geoff says, “Smoke and mirrors, Braith. We had to advertise as they had an earlier deadline to make the newspaper. Sorry if that offended you.”
“Why? And most of all why didn't you tell me that you were sleeping with Samantha or should I say Daryna.”
Geoff shunts, “What the hell are you talking about? Don't be ridiculous!”
“Turn the court case document over.”
He turns it. The words hit his brain. He closes his eyes. Shaking his head.
“Who told you?” he mumbles then chucks the folder into the shredder.
“I -” Louis coughs behind me. “We! Know everything. Just tell us the truth.”

Geoff is gob smacked. Eyes wide without a word to say. He relents, closing his eyes, chin falling.
He said, “Daryna and I go back 10 years when I met her on the internet.”
I balk at hearing such nonsense, “You barely know how to use a computer!”
“A monkey can use Tinder.” Geoff holds up his phone for reference. I cringed at the thought of what his pic would look like. Probably posed next to his Ferrari.
“That's desperate, Geoff.”
“Don't judge me son, at the time I was going through my third divorce. That point in my life I was getting sued by my ex-wives and paying child support payments for daughters I couldn't see.
That hit me pretty hard, that I couldn't see my daughters. I even had a restraining order filed against me so I couldn't even ring or talk in person to them. Birthdays... Weddings... Any attempt to try to make contact, I'd get a letter from the police threatening action.
Daryna, was everything I wanted to do for my daughters. To protect. To take care of. To spoil. Yes, I paid for the university education and cars and what not. To see that joy on her face... And get your minds out of the gutter because I didn't see her as the kind of woman I'd want to fuck.
“Good, because Louis would have called the cops right now to report a pedophile.”
Geoff chuckles before taking another swig. “As I was saying, our interactions were cordial. We spent time together like you would with family. I treated her as my own child till the point she met her boyfriend when it was time for me to move on.”
“Then she lied to you about being beat up by him.”
“Yes, and I’d have almost killed the guy too, if wasn't for Samantha stopping me. She told me about all the scams she was doing. I felt betrayed and wanted every single cent I had spent on her back. So, I went to court and I ended up winning, which did me no good because she filed for bankruptcy soon after.”
I say, “Explains why she changed her name. I'm pissed, ‘cause I wasted my valuable time getting these sales to prove myself when in the end it was all a façade. FUGAZI. So, what does she have on you that made you make her CEO?”
“Her having something on me? No one pulls anything over me and gets away with it. No, around that time you started going postal she reached out saying she had the money to pay me back. Rather than take the money I made her the offer to come work here. I was curious to see how she would fare against the best.
To see her operate with such ruthlessness is a testament to my teachings and my time invested in her. I was always planning for my exit when she offered big money to buy a share into Caracas. Thought she was lying at first until she told me about the sale of her home. I saw it as my chance to step back and let her run things.”
“What about us Geoff, for all those years we slogged our guts for you!”
“Do you have eleven million to buy my shares?”
“No. Even then, you could have extended a courtesy, maybe me and Louis could have chipped in. I have shares too.”
I turn to Louis for encouragement. He says, “I barely have fifty dollars to my name!”
Geoff shrugs, “There you go then, you broke bastards.”
“You don't know about the other stuff she's done too, Geoff!”
He waves his palm. “I don't want to know. I don't care! Its not like you two are angels either. Oh, and I know what you did too, Louis. I spent a lot of money trying to fix your guys’ fuck ups and talking to the police to deflect their investigation. This also stops Samantha from ratting out you two and tarnishing the conduct of this company to the media. This gives us all a clean slate. Think about my decision. It is the best thing we could have done.”
“For you that is...”
I get up, leave the room and head down the hallway when I see Samantha in the meeting room talking with Claire. I bolt. Louis tries to hold me back... He's not holding me back...

***
Claire Deville

I’m sitting in the meeting room in the middle of a conference call with the cadets when Samantha comes in. I mute the sound and stand. So pissed off.
“Can I interrupt for a second?”
“Braith told me everything. How's that for communication? I can't believe you did all those things.”
“He is lying! How long have we known each other Claire? From kindergarten, right? So how are you going to trust someone you’ve only known for six months? Someone who has cheated in the past. Who has paid bribes to Tricia! Why can't you get it through your thick skull that he's no good.”
I listen, mulling over the points she has said.
“I wish you had never come here, Samantha, seems all you brought is drama.”
“I brought the truth.” Samantha shakes her head. “I'm a big believer that everything happens for a reason. That I was brought here to show you what Braith is really like. He's trying to set me up! Braith is jealous that I'm going to be CEO. This whole story he's fabricated is ridiculous! Don't you think?”
On the surface of it, it was something pulled out of Tiger King on Netflix.
Samantha comes up to me, holds my hands. Her eyes teary, “Why would I lie to you Claire? What do I have to gain? I have looked after you, have I not? You're not losing your job. You are working under better conditions. Braith is not fired either.”
CRACK
I turn as the door crashes in and Braith bursts in. Grabbing Samantha by the throat, he slams her on the desk.
He screams, “You lying cunt! I know everything about you. How you blackmailed that guy Reuben. How you manipulated Geoff!”
“I don't know what you're talking about!”
“Don't lie. You piece of shit! Geoff confirmed everything, you fucking gold digger!”
I try to pull Braith away, his grip too strong.
Braith hisses, “Is this your best friend Claire? Ask her! Ask her to tell the truth!”
Louis pulls me away to make way for Geoff. Braith then kicks the door behind him, hitting Geoff on nose.
I peer in to see Samantha smiling. I can't make out what she's saying to Braith. Geoff bursts in again and rips Braith off him before throwing a right, hitting Braith in the eye. He falls back outside into the hallway, knocked out cold. I rush to aid him before I'm pushed away by security, and they take him into the lobby.
Samantha goes all hysterical, clutching her throat, turning to the TV as the cadet's witness what happened.
“See! Did you see that?” she starts hyperventilating, “He tried to kill me, Claire!” I rush out to the Lobby. Before I can even speak to Braith he's put into a police car.
***

Three Hours Later.
Central Police Station

I sit in the visitor room across from Braith divided by a thick glass partition. His eye all bruised, he shifts his chair forward and picks up the phone.
He says, “I'm sorry Claire.”
“What the hell were you thinking!”
“She admitted it Claire, did you hear it?”
“No, I didn't hear anything. I can't believe what you did!”
“I wasn't going to hurt her, I... I, was so mad.”
“She's going to press assault charges, and she is even going as far as attempted murder. She has witnesses. Video!”
“You know what she did!”
“I don't know who to believe right now. But that doesn't excuse your behavior!”
Braith closes his eyes, “Babe I'm so sorry. Everything that has happened, everything I know about Samantha. What Geoff told me. It all got to me.”
“Still no excuse to strangle her. Samantha's asked if I can move into her apartment, she's very traumatized. I need some space.”
“Her traumatized? Can't you see it was all an act! Are you fucking serious right now? Her place!”
“I need to be there for her right now.”
Braith slams his palm against the window, “What about being there for me!”
“I feel like everything that's happened I've been pushed into. I don't know who is telling the truth.”
“Please Claire, anyone but her! She’s had it in for me since she started here. She's jealous of what we have. She even told Graham to break it off with you as she had photos of you together and threatened to show his wife. Don't you realize that?”
“Don’t you dare bring up Graham. Now you're reaching, Braith. I... I just don't know... I need some time to figure things out.”
***

1 week later
4pm.

Geoff gave us all the week off due to the events that happened. Because Samantha wanted to escalate the charges to attempted murder. I am deeply saddened that everything has come to this. I move into Samantha's new apartment. Standing in the lounge everything is minimalist. A studio with black leather couches. Walls painted white. Hardwood floors. Sterile and empty like the life she lives. Big ceiling to floor windows.
I sit on the sofa, looking out at the view of boats in the harbor. The front door opens and Samantha comes in sporting a brace around her neck. The whole week her voice has been hoarse as she said the doctor diagnosed bruised vocal cords.
She sits down with me and tells me about her progress with the lawyers. Braith is looking at a maximum term of 14 years in prison. My mind is torn. With everything that has happened, I still love Braith. But my gut is that he shouldn’t be punished that severely.
“Chin up.” Samantha says as she finger combs her hair. “It will all be over soon.”
“I can't believe that Braith is going to jail for that length of time. It’s too much.”
“He deserves it.”
I look at Samantha as she scratches at the brace on her neck. I think about everything that she said to me and everything Braith said. Deep down my gut is telling me that this isn't right. And to see Samantha revel in her revenge on the man I love is so heartbreaking. The sadness I feel. Missing Braith already.
I blink out tears. “Does he?”
Samantha says nothing.
I says, “I'm so sorry Braith did this to you. Is there any way you can drop the attempted murder charge?”
“No way! Did you see what he did? Are you fucking blind?” she points at her neck. But I am not convinced that Braith even pressed that hard. The smile... The smile is what is bugging me.
“What did you say to Braith when you two were alone? I saw you smiling.”
“I just told him how paranoid he was. I was smiling cause of the stupid story he told you to put me against you. You think I would do all those things?”
“Please Samantha, I get that he does deserve some form of punishment, but 14 years?”
“Hello? He could have killed me! If he does this to me out of anger, he would do this to you!” She frowns, “Or has he?”
“Shut up. Braith has never laid a hand on me. You're twisting it” I pause, closing my eyes. Replaying the events of the day. I recall Braith's right hand around her throat. Then the words Samantha said. I can't get that smile... out of my head. She's lying, Claire...
SNAP SNAP
I flinch as Samantha snaps her fingers twice in front of me.
“Are you Ok?” she says, “Has he hit you?”
“No! Never!”
“Ha! You can be so ungrateful you know that? Maybe I should drop the charges so he can beat some common sense into you.”
I go quiet, staring at how my friend has changed so much. How vindictive she is. Those photos on my phone of us growing up are now faded memories.
“Was everything you said about your Mom true? That you wanted the opportunity to pay her back for the hardships she faced.”
“Of course. Why?”
“If your Mom saw the things you did, would she be proud of you?”
Samantha leans back into her chair, she's eyeballing me. Jaw grinding.
“Is she looking from heaven above right now. Knowing the things, you have done. Is she smiling. Is she proud of her daughter who has ruined so many lives. The men you robbed of their livelihoods. The families you hurt.”
“Your talking crap, Claire. Get over it.”
“I'm trying to put a finger on your behavior as to why you act this way. Like everyone is out to get you. This hatred of men. Is it because your Dad left you at a young age that you grew up all messed up? Does it not affect you emotionally when you do shit like this?”
“Don't you dare bring him up and try to psychoanalyze me. Bitch!” She folds her arms, tensing them, “They all deserved it. Every. Single. One of them.”
I shake my head, “So they do something wrong and you decide to get back at them.”
“Kill or be killed.” Samantha says.
“Gosh, I'm not a religious person but you can't live like that Samantha. You can't treat others like that.”
“Oh my god, you’re so pretentious. You preaching now? So, what do I do, turn the other cheek? Confess my sins to the priest?”
“I'm just saying where is your empathy... I can't believe this is who you are now. My opinion and trust of you was built upon the Samantha I knew in the past. That girl I grew up with who was always smiling, who was caring. You really are Daryna now... I don't know who this person is. My friend died a long time ago.”
She wipes her eyes. “Claire, I am that same person! I never changed. Who the hell has been looking out for you since all this shit has happened! Me! Fucking me!”
“Yeah...Me!” I exhale as the shadows pass over her and I see her for what she truly is.
“I'm sorry Samantha.”
“What are you sorry for?”
“For not being there, after university. For not making the effort to be in contact. For not being there to prevent this... thing you've become!”
Samantha says nothing peering out the window.
“Even though Braith messed up, I will still love him unconditionally. I wish you had the chance to know what that is like... I really do. I wish your Dad didn't abandon you. I wish you had the chance to do those things with your Mom. Because all you have done is spread misery and heartache. 
I beg you please! Drop the charges.” I cover my eyes as I can’t stop sobbing. I take a moment to get my shit together.
She says, “Friend or no friend. Nothing you will say will change what I'm going to do.”
***

Central Police Station
Auckland
New Zealand

Present day.

The cop plays the video again. Braith tries remembering what he said word for word, to give the video context. Before he’s able to open his mouth, he is interrupted by a knock at the door, the cop stands, knocking the chair back. There is a girl at the door.
“Claire!” Braith stands as they embrace in a hug. “What are you doing here?”
Claire turns her head as Samantha walks into the room. She hands the detective a piece of paper, and he reads it line by line, shaking his head. He has his hands on his hips. Arguing with Samantha to make sure if this is what she wants to do. Samantha insists and reluctantly the detective leans over to take the cuffs off Braith.
Detective Suarvea says, “You're free to go. Turns out.” He pauses, jaw grinding, then takes a deep breath. “It was all a misunderstanding.”
They get processed, and, all belongings gathered, they head outside. Samantha is standing there watching as they embrace. She locks eyes with Braith. Waiting from a distance. 
“What did you say to Samantha?” Braith asks Claire.
“I convinced her to tell the truth. Something we all should have said to each other in the first place. She came over this morning and totally changed her tune. I gave her a massive speech to make her reconsider. I guess it sunk in.”
Braith stares at Samantha as she takes out her phone. Braith takes the call, thinking about the email he sent to her titled; The Face of Caracas with an attachment of the whole video he recorded of Reuben’s testimony. Giving Samantha a taste of her own medicine. The chat was brief, and he ends the call tossing the phone in the bin. He takes in a deep breath of fresh air. Freedom.
“My hero?” Braith says. Claire gives Braith a pinch as she flushes red. “Thank you for speaking to her.”
“You’re welcome.”
Braith says, “This whole journey started from lies and spiraled into complete chaos. I should have listened to you from day one, we should have started our own company. For damn sure we’re gonna make that happen now.” Braith kisses Claire on the lips. “I promise. A new start. A new future. You and me.”
Claire smiles, “Speaking of the truth. There's something else I have to tell you.”
“What?” Braith jolts, a puzzled expression crosses his face.
Claire says, “It was a one in one hundred chance...”


Thank you for reading Recalibrate.

Please visit my Facebook page for more Romance stories. Everything is connected.
Calibrate and Tempered Hearts interlink with Recalibrate.

David Manoa – Romance Writer will return in 

Indigo Ink – with Samantha Cohen and Louis Waters (July 2020)

There is plenty more there for you.

Thanks again,

David












