RECKLESS


A Triple Threat prequel





by Bella Jeanisse

Published by Bella Jeanisse

COPYRIGHT © 2017 by Bella Jeanisse

Published by Bella Jeanisse at Smashwords


All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher: copyright@bellajeanisse.com


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.


The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work, which have been used without permission. The publication/ use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.


Cover Design by Stella Price
Editing by Anita Maynard


Visit bellajeanisse.com for more information about the author and her works.

BELLA’S BOOKS

Triple Threat:
Reckless
Tragic Soul
Triple Threat
Triple Time
Rubbed Raw
Raw Reunion
Chasing Chad
Dual Desires
Desires Delivered

Wicked End:
Wicked End
Passionate Needs
Sinful Needs
Fulfilling Needs

Gasoline:
Gasoline
Persistent Urges
Evolving Urges
Forever Urges
Final Urges

In the works:
Silverblade
Brass Monkey
Mark of the Devil
Hands of Fate
Winter Winds
Wounded Hearts


Velocity Series:
Rockin’ Rhythm – Ash’s book

In the works:
Shredding Dreams – Ian’s book
Silver Strings – Bryce’s book
Driving Reigns – Leo’s book

PREFACE

Things have changed. I am now a full indie author. I thought I’d re-released my books in chronological order this time. That was why I started with Triple Threat’s first prequel, Reckless. Next will be Tragic Soul (prequel 2) then Triple Threat and so on. Each will have some additional editing done, but the story lines have not changed. I’m happy to say there are bonus scenes, chapters or just info in each re-worked book. There is also a surprise at the end. I look forward to hearing what you think!

I try to get as close to actual geographical aspects of an area within my books, but I’m sure this one is not as close as some others. Although I wrote the Triple Threat series with a specific New Jersey town in mind, I had not named it then. That was because it wasn’t exactly what I envisioned, but the geographical location was perfect. Please keep that in mind. I apologize if anything seems way off, but this is just fantasy.

While I wrote Reckless, it brought back many memories. As per Triple Threat's timeline, it takes place in 2007. (I started the series some years ago and decided Triple Threat needed more than just a backstory.) In my research, I was surprised at what songs were released after this book’s timeline. Some I had thought were around much longer. I also found many of my favorite bands have come a long way since then. Of course, some have disappeared as well. It’s interesting how a few years makes so much of a difference.

It naturally also made me think of high school. I myself learned to play bass in my senior year of high school. They needed a bass player, so I switched from guitar. I spent many hours in the music department of our school, even when I was supposed to be in class. Don’t tell. ;) Back then, there were few female musicians. Most in my school knew each other, but like Crystal, I got along better with the guys. She lives out some of my dreams in this series.

In Reckless, you get to see some things that made Chad and Crystal who they are in adulthood. You’ll get to know them a bit more and possibly understand why they react as they do in the main Triple Threat series. It starts while they are still in high school. You’ll notice they use heavier slang, since they are still quite young. Please do remember that this is four years into the past from the start of the original series. So, expect some immaturity and self-doubt.

DEDICATION

I’d like to thank all those who helped make this re-release possible. There is no way I can name you all but I’ll try. Know I appreciate everyone who helped me in the slightest way. This took much work, stress and determination. Although I have parted ways with my publisher, Nick and Russ did a lot for me over the years. Without Nick, I know I wouldn’t be the writer I am today.

My influences while I wrote this book varied greatly. I am slightly versatile in my tastes, although all the music in my collection is in the general rock or metal genre. My main influence was, obviously … Avenged Sevenfold. (If you’ve seen my Facebook author page then you know just how much I’m into them. The last two concerts left me wanting more!) There was also: Puddle of Mud, Sum 41, The Offspring, Papa Roach, Unearth, Rise Against, FFDP, old school Metallica, Sick Puppies, Slipknot, Lamb of God, Hellyeah, Mudvayne, Pop Evil and Three Days Grace.

I have gained some new beta readers lately and am very grateful to you all! Patricia, Traci, Kathy, Anita, Donna, Sonia, Kathy and Liz. You guys are my rock when it comes to anything writing related! I can always count on your honesty, even when I don’t wanna hear it.  Geri, Christa, Margo, Melissa, Stephanie, Sarah, Naiana, Lisa, Jayne, Donna, Stephanie (yep, two of them) and Courtney… Your opinions and comments are more than appreciated and help a great deal. Hope I didn’t forget anyone!

None of this would be possible without two special teachers who made high school bearable. The most important one is the one we called “The Rockin’ Rabbi.” He was a guitar teacher from high school who encouraged us to live music. He was the reason I learned to play bass which is what inspired me to create Crystal. Wherever you are, thank you!

MEET THE BAND

Chad McLoughlin - Lead Guitar
Andy Peirce - Vocals
Daniel Brandt - Drums
Jay Morris - Bass
Crystal Atkinson - Rhythm Guitar
Phil Ferris - Sound Engineer

CHAPTER ONE

“Crystal, I got an idea.” My best friend, Chad McLoughlin, picked up my hand. It looked so tiny in his. “You should join Reckless. We need you.”
I laughed, glad he wasn’t thinking about college which loomed over our heads. “Join your band? You’re kidding?” His blue eyes were serious, though.
“I’m not. You’re so much better than Phil, and you know all our songs, too.”
That was true. He and I played them all the time. We also did a lot of Gasoline’s music as well. Gasoline was our favorite band. They came from our southwest New Jersey town, Lindenwold.
With a shrug, I answered, “They’d never let me play.” His bandmates saw me as a groupie most of the time.
“You just have to prove it to them.”
I turned my body on his bed to face him and smiled. His look of desire made me bite my lip. My body reacted to him being so close. It was somewhat frightening. I was deeply attracted to him. Between his long blond, curly hair, strong manly features, well-defined 6’4” body and slight aggressiveness, I found him irresistible.
He was quite opposite of me. I had blue eyes as well, but mine were darker, like some sapphires. His were light, which went well with his very fair skin. My skin had a tiny bit of an olive tone to it, but I still burned after too long in the sun without sunblock. I glanced down at my long dark brown hair that fell over my chest. He loved to run his fingers through it.
My mind drifted to our first kiss. Before I started something I’d later regret, I pushed the thought away. “You really think I can do it?”
His fingers traced my jaw. “Of course I do. You’re beautiful and talented, the perfect combination.” A finger slowly slid down my neck and into my cleavage. “And showing these babies off wouldn’t hurt. When’re you gonna let me-”
I grabbed his hand and placed it on his hip. “I don’t know, Chad. Stop pushing.” The thought of his hands on my body turned me on so much that it felt wrong.
“I’m not pushing, just asking.” He leaned forward and kissed my lips. “You turn me on so much.” He wove his fingers into my hair as he kissed me stronger. “Let me be your first. Please, baby girl. I’ll be as gentle as possible.” He knew I loved it when he called me that.
With shaky hands, I pushed his chest. “I’m scared, and I’m not ready.” I had held off on sexual intercourse because of many reasons. Fear of pain was one of them.
I had also held off on going further with Chad. We often kissed, and sometimes we almost got carried away. More than once, he had asked to fondle me. I always refused, although my body yearned for it. His hormones seemed to rage out of control anytime I was near as well. I just hoped it wasn’t a recipe for disaster. Maybe there was something to what they said about men and women being just friends… It was impossible.
He hugged me tightly. “I’m sorry.”
I felt how hard his cock was against my thigh. My mind reeled with confusion. I wished I were ready to lose my virginity. He would probably be the best lover. He cared so much. He’d make sure I was all right. However, the thought of losing his friendship put the brakes on that idea very quickly.
“Baby.” He ran his fingers through my hair again and brushed his lips over mine. “Are you mad?” Affection was his answer to many problems.
I took a deep breath and put a hand on his waist. “No. Chad, you know I care about you, but… I just can’t lose you.” I was sure if he and I took a chance on a romantic relationship, we could never get back what we had.
“You won’t, I-”
Suddenly, I blurted out, “What about Dana?” It bothered me that he came onto me even when he had a girlfriend. Although I knew he held back with them, it confused me. “Does she mean anything to you?”
“Not as much as you do.” He took my face in his hands. “If you agreed to be with me… I’d never need anyone else.” He brushed his lips over mine yet again.
I closed my eyes, since I understood a little bit. He loved me but was lonely. I guess it was better than never leaving my side. He needed to have a life, too. I was between boyfriends, so I knew the loneliness. The last one had dumped me because I had refused sex.
“Chad! We’re here!”
“Fuck, man!” Chad groaned and reached into his pants. “They’re gonna tease the hell outta me for this.” His aroused state was mostly due to his own mind. Our make out session minutes prior was quite tame compared to some.
I jumped off the bed and turned away from him. “I’m sorry.”
“Hey, it’s not your fault.” He placed his hands on my shoulders. “I gotta learn how to control my dick.”
We quietly walked downstairs and through the house to the garage. I heard Daniel Brandt messing around with his drums. Chad’s mom, Valerie, let them go in through the house when it was cold. Since it was a Sunday in mid-January, it was below freezing outside. She didn’t usually mind the noise from practices. However, she wasn’t thrilled that Chad spent his free time on music instead of his planned major in college, Computer Science. I was sure he could handle both. He was the smartest person I knew.
I sat on a folding chair as Chad pulled his guitar out of its case. Reckless was quite a diverse group, in age and background. That made them unique. Their style was mostly Nu Metal crossed with Metalcore. I usually enjoyed that type of music, but they were definitely missing something.
Chad turned to Andy Peirce, the singer. “I found the perfect rhythm guitarist.” He glanced at me and winked.
I wrung my hands, terrified they wouldn’t accept me. There were all-girl bands in our high school, but that was not the same. If I joined them, it would change things, hopefully for the better.
Eyes closed, I imagined playing for a crowd like Gasoline attracted. Suddenly, Tommy Fischer, their bassist, came into my vision. He played right next to me. Then he leaned forward and kissed me.
“Wait! I play rhythm,” Phil Ferris countered which jolted me out of my fantasy. He was two years behind us in school.
Andy scowled. “Why the fuck d’ ya keep making decisions for all of us?” He was several years older, so he usually balked at anyone else making decisions. It seemed to be a touch of Napoleon complex.
Chad ignored Andy and laughed at Phil. “Sorry man but you suck. We need a roadie anyway.”
“Fuck that, man!” Phil put his guitar on a stand. “You can’t just bring some guy in here after we been working all these months.” He paused a few seconds. “Hey! What d’ you mean I suck?”
Daniel twirled a stick as he sat behind his kit. “Well you do, dude. None of us wanted to tell you. Guess Chad finally got the balls.”
“If we wanna play gigs, we gotta sound good,” Jay Morris, the bassist, added.
Phil sat down and pouted for a minute then asked, “So, where is he?”
Arms folded over his chest, Andy glared at Chad. “Yeah, where is he? Phil’s replacement could at least be on time.”
Chad grinned. “She’s here.”
“Crystal?” Andy laughed loudly. “You gotta be shitting me!” He was quickly doubled over and couldn’t stop.
Daniel sighed. “We can’t have a girl in the band. No one’d take us seriously.” He tapped a cymbal. “Unless she’s gonna play naked.” His eyebrows rose.
Chad glared at Daniel for a few seconds then turned to me. “Baby.” He handed me his guitar. “Blow them away.”
I smiled widely and got in position to play. I took a deep breath and started Gasoline’s “Devil’s Boy,” assuming the lead role.
When I was done, the garage was completely silent. Everyone stared at me with their mouth open. That included Andy from the floor, where he had fallen. I grinned, more proud of myself than I had ever been.
“How the hell did you do that?” Daniel broke the silence.
Chad beamed. “She’s amazing. Ain’t she?” He kissed my cheek. “See, baby girl. Told ya.” He had never been so excited.
“I know.” I looked up at him as he towered over me. “You taught me well.”
Phil jumped up. “So, what’re you guys waiting for? She kicks ass! Tell her she can play!”
Andy stood up and came over to Chad and I. “I’m sorry I laughed at you.” He held his hand out. “Welcome to the band.” Obviously, he had let go of the fact that Chad had pushed me on them.
I shook his hand as excitement filled me. “Cool, thanks.”
“Now let’s play ‘Fuck ’Em All.’” Daniel hit a snare drum. “Phil, give her your guitar.”
Phil stood up. “Get the hell outta here! I get kicked out, and she plays my Gibson? No way!”
“I got mine right here.” I walked to the back of the garage and opened a case against the back wall. When I had it plugged in, I asked, “Ready?”
Daniel immediately started his intro. Soon after, Chad came in and I did as well, but I played a piece I had written weeks ago for the song. With Chad’s encouragement, I had written a rhythm part for every one of their songs. Phil and I didn’t have the same style. At that moment, I realized that Chad had planned to get me into the band all along.
“Damn!” Jay shouted when I finished. “That was ten times better.” He cringed and looked toward Phil who pouted again. “Sorry, man but she can wail.”
Phil exhaled loudly. “Yeah, I know, but you don’t gotta be so happy about it.”
We played several more songs, and they had the same reaction to all of them. I smiled when I realized they weren’t going to change their minds. I was really in a band. Finally!
“So…” Andy glanced at me then turned to Chad. “How’re we gonna work this out?” He looked my way again. “She’s a chick.”
Daniel tapped a stick on his thigh. “You finally noticed her big tits?” He chuckled as his eyes raked over my body. “They’re hard to miss.”
I blushed. I was used to guys fawning over me like Chad, Will and Phil did. Andy and Jay never treated me like most men. Then it dawned on me. Andy may have changed his mind.
“I promise I’ll be a team player,” I assured him.
Andy sighed. “It’s not exactly that.” He seemed nervous. “Well, you’re a chick… That means… Uh, well…” He was obviously uncomfortable. After a deep breath, he blurted out, “Are you gonna be a bitch when you’re on the rag?”
“What the fuck, man?” Chad shouted.
Daniel stood. “Well, will she?”
“That’s pretty personal.” Chad moved toward me and put an arm around my shoulders. “How could you ask something like that?”
Jay put his bass on its stand. “I think we all have the right to know if it’ll be an issue.” He hesitated, as if he walked on eggshells. “Don’t get pissed, Chad. We just need a heads up.”
Chad growled, “She’s not gonna be a bitch!”
“Relax.” I placed a hand on his chest. “They don’t mean it like that.”
He glared at Andy and Jay alternately. “Yes they do.”
I moved in front of him to prevent him from going after our bandmates. “Some girls get crazy.” I turned my head to see Andy. “I don’t get like that.”
Daniel tossed a stick up and caught it. “So if she starts bitching, Phil can play again.” He winked at me.
“Deal.” I knew it wouldn’t be an issue. Music meant too much to me.

CHAPTER TWO

“Chad, enough’s enough,” his mom said as she appeared in the doorway to the house. Then she was gone just as quickly.
He looked around. “Sorry, guys. We gotta wrap it up. My grandma’s coming tonight, and you know how my mom is.”
“Yeah, we know,” Andy replied as he grabbed his backpack. “Practice tomorrow. Right after school?” Our schedules were similar, so that worked out.
Chad put a hand on my lower back. “Yep, maybe now we can get a gig better than birthday parties.”
I excitedly helped pack away the equipment. It was like a dream come true. I had never imagined that Chad’s bandmates would accept me. Wait. They’re my bandmates too now! My heart pounded.
Chad had played in a few bands already. So far, he had not blown it with the members of Reckless. His last band had forced him out after his impulsive nature had driven them crazy. The boys of Reckless were a bit more understanding.
As I looked into the future, I saw us playing in famous clubs. Since we lived in Southwest New Jersey, it gave us an advantage when it came to venues to play at. Philadelphia was about half an hour away. Wilmington, Trenton and Levittown were about an hour north and south. Even New York City was only a two-hour trip, with traffic.
When everyone was gone, I looked up at Chad. “You remember about my appointment tomorrow, right?” I wrapped cable around my arm, in an attempt to make it neat.
I had a follow-up appointment with my Gynecologist. The series of appointments were to find out what they could do to control my extremely erratic menstrual cycle. It had been haunting me for the past five years.
My mother had taken me to see many doctors. Most said, “She’ll grow out of it in a few years.” Once I hit seventeen, my mother had put her foot down. It hadn’t gotten better, in fact, it had gotten much worse. We had finally found a doctor who took the problem seriously. I had scans, blood tests and even one biopsy, just in case.
I did not ovulate every month, unlike most women. Truthfully, there was no rhyme or reason to when I would. The biggest issue was that my symptoms didn’t fit with most syndromes. The part that bothered me most was the overbearing pain that sometimes came with a period. Chad had held me as I cried for hours, overwhelmed by cramps. Thankfully, those were rare episodes.
Chad glanced up. “Yeah. I’ll cut practice short if we have to.” His voice was steady, but I knew he was nervous. He rarely talked about it, worried they would find something serious. “You sure you don’t want me to go?”
“I don’t need you to, but if you want to… It’s fine.” Deep down, I did want him there because I was worried, too. What I didn’t want was to start a fight between him and his girlfriend, since they had a date after practice.
He sighed as he stacked the guitar cases. “Maybe Dana will get it this time. You’re my priority.”
“Yeah, maybe.” I knew better. She’ll be pissed. When I had gone for a sonogram, she had balked at him taking me. My mom couldn’t get the time off work, and my father never had time.
When everything was back in place, Chad pulled me into his arms. He leaned down and whispered, “You know I love you, right?” It was the first time he had admitted it aloud.
“Yeah, Chad. I do.” I had known for more than a year that he was in love with me, but I kept it to myself because I did not return his feelings.
He ran his fingers through my hair. “Is that why you let me kiss you?” He leaned down and planted a soft kiss on my lips.
“No. You’re just a great kisser.” It was too hard to explain why I allowed so much intimacy between us. I reached up and toyed with the gold hoops in his ears. He had both ears pierced when we were fifteen.
“Good.” He took a breath. Then he covered my mouth with his and eased his tongue past my lips.
He turned us around and backed me into the wall, where the ground was a bit higher. The kiss became much more passionate, and I closed my eyes. Desire came to the surface as I ran my hands up his back. That happened every time, and I did not understand why. He was my best friend. The feelings he stirred were ones I had for no one else.
Chad suddenly slid a hand over my right breast then gently grasped it. I was shocked and not sure what to do. He rubbed his thumb over my nipple until it stiffened. Then he moaned and leaned against me more while he squeezed my breast harder.
I felt his cock stiffen against my belly. Then I gasped when he pinched my nipple and toyed with it. His other hand traveled down until he held my ass. I sighed when he pulled me closer to him. I wanted him more than I ever had. If he lifted me and fucked me without asking, I was sure I’d be relieved rather than upset.
“God, baby,” he uttered softly as he broke the kiss and pressed his body against mine. His hands stayed in place. “I want you so bad.” He took deep breaths, obviously trying to control himself.
I looked up at him. “Chad, you’re playing with my tit.”
He pulled away. “I’m sorry. I just… Well I…”
“Got caught up in it?”
“Yeah, you know how much you turn me on.”
“I can see that.” I smiled and looked at his jeans, which tried to tear open from the wood he sported.
He blushed slightly. “Well, you got into it, too.”
“I know.” I blushed even more and looked away. “But…”
He sighed. “Don’t say it, please. Not today.” He lifted my chin. “Baby, you can’t say you feel nothing for me.”
“Chad, please stop.”
He kissed me softly again. “Fine. We’ll both drop it… For now. Come help me make dessert.” Then he looked down. “Um, maybe I need to hide this somehow.”
I couldn’t help but giggle. “I can’t think of anything that will hide that.” It seemed huge and that scared me, too. Would something like that actually fit into a girl? It was a silly thought, because I knew Chad was not a virgin, unlike me.
“Chad, now!” his mom shouted from somewhere. “Stop fooling around.” As if she knew what we had been doing.
He soon sighed with relief. “That did it.”
I glanced down and saw that his bulge was less noticeable. “She’s gonna yell again.” I picked up his hand and pulled him a bit.
“Hang on. I gotta shut everything down.”
Within minutes, Chad and I were at the kitchen table mixing ingredients. It was something we occasionally did when one of our moms needed help. It was fun to cook with him. We usually made a game of everything. Chad was somewhat immature at times and made jokes out of even serious things.
Suddenly, Chad touched my nose with his flour-covered finger. “Now you look like you’re working hard.”
“Really?” I put some on my hand and smeared it on his cheek.
He laughed. “Payback’s a bitch you know.” Then he slapped my ass, which left a white handprint on my jeans.
“You brat!” I pushed his chest and deposited flour and brownie dough on his shirt.
He smirked and pulled his shirt off. “Now what?” I ran after him, but he grabbed me before I could touch him. Then he lifted me. “I win. I’m bigger.”
I reached down, grabbed his crotch and squeezed slightly. Chad instantly let me go. I had hit the floor before I saw the startled look on his face. Never had I done anything like that to him, ever.
As I looked up at him, I felt guilty. “I’m sorry. I don’t know why I did that.”
“It’s OK. You just shocked me. Sorry I dropped you.”
“How’d you guys get so messy?” Will, Chad’s 19-year-old brother, asked as I got to my feet. He stood a few inches under Chad but had the same curly blonde hair that he kept somewhat short. “Flour on your jeans, Chad?” He winked at me. “You guys’re into kinky, huh?”
I walked away from him and went back to the brownie dough. “None of your business.”
Hands were suddenly on my waist. “Want some help?” Will breathed in my ear as he pressed his body against mine. “Or how about you come with me to The Loft Friday night? I’ll show you a better time than my loser brother.” He wanted me, more because I refused him than anything else. My elbow to his midsection made him gasp, but he didn’t move.
“Fuck off, Will.” Chad pulled him away from me. He could only control his temper when I upset him. With others, he snapped easily. “Hands off, asshole.”
“Watch your mouth!” their mom said as she opened the refrigerator.
I sighed. “Ma, Will’s hitting on me again.” I had called her Ma instead of Valerie for as far back as I could remember.
“Will, find a girl your own age,” his mother told him.
“She’s only two years younger,” Will protested.
Their mom frowned. “Out, Will. Leave her alone. She blew you off. Take a hint.” Then she looked around the room. “You guys made a mess. Oh, God. Grandma’s gonna freak out!”
Valerie’s mother was the one visiting. She always worried her mother would be judgmental, although I had never seen or heard her be that way. Grandma Joan was fun and laid back. I was closer to her than my own grandparents. She made me wish mine were young, too.
My father’s parents had died before I met them. My mother’s parents lived in Florida. She was born when they were already in their late thirties. Since they were almost ninety, travel was hard on them. I did not know them very well.
I didn’t have a big family by blood. Both of my parents were only children at that point. Only my father had siblings. Neither of his sisters had married, and they had died when I was young. Chad’s huge family made up for that though and thought of me as one of their own. It was another reason we were so close.
Chad grabbed a rag and started to clean up. “Mom, relax. She’s not gonna inspect the house.”
“She sees everything.” She started to do the dishes. “Chad, can you put the video games away in the living room?”
Chad touched my neck. “I’ll be back, baby. I’m gonna punch Will when I’m done.”
“Don’t,” I whispered. “He’s not worth you getting grounded.” I poured brownie mix into one of the prepared baking pans.
Then I heard a loud cry of pain. “Dickhead!” Will shouted.
“Language!” their mom reprimanded.
Will started toward the kitchen. “Chad fucking punched me.”
“If I have to tell you one more time to stop cursing, I’ll ground you. I don’t care if you’re in college.” She threw her hands up. “You act like you’re still five years old. Will you two ever grow up and stop fighting?”
With a smirk, I quietly replied, “Doubt it.” Will breathing could trigger Chad’s quick temper.
They fought over everything. We had hoped Will would leave after high school. However, his grades had been so bad that he was forced to go to the local community college. That was also why their parents refused to pay for anything other than school. Will had a part-time job, but it wasn’t enough to pay for an apartment. His situation did make him study harder, though. The last thing he wanted was to live at home forever.
He was jealous of Chad, who aced all his classes without trying and had a website business already. Always the computer genius, Chad had started out by creating a site for himself and then eventually his band. Friends asked him to tweak their sites. Then some parents asked him to create new sites for their businesses or just tweak their current ones. It just exploded from there. He designed at least three a week at that point and always had money because of it.
“Sorry, Mom,” Chad called from the living room. He smirked as he cleaned up.
After I placed the two pans of brownies in the oven, I turned to Valerie. “Can I help with anything else, Ma?”
Still frazzled, she looked around. “I don’t know. Maybe make the salad or check the chicken marinating.” She shut off the water. “Will, go make sure there’s no ice on the steps. I don’t want Grandma falling.”
“Mom, it’s not that cold out,” Will whined.
Valerie gritted her teeth. “Just go check!”
“Stop bitching, Will!” Luke, their father, called from upstairs.
Chad came back into the room. “OK, what else do you need, Mom?” Out of the three brothers, he was the “good” one. He always helped when needed and rarely complained.
“Can you get up there and take down the good china?” Valerie pointed to the cabinet above the refrigerator.
With a sigh, Chad glanced at her. “It’s not Thanksgiving yet. Why’re you so nervous?”
“Because…” She wrung her hands. “Grandma’s not coming alone.” She paused as the information sank in. “She’s bringing her new boyfriend.” Chad’s mouth dropped, and I heard an odd sound from Will in the next room. “Grandma’s still young. She can date. Please don’t embarrass her.” Their grandparents had divorced several years ago.
The front door opened and Josh walked in the house. “Hey, I’m here.” At twenty-one, he was the oldest of the brothers. “So, what’s the surprise? I drove three hours to find out.” He was enrolled at Yale University. It took him a lot of hard work to get there.
“Grandma’s bringing a guy over,” Will told him, just before he walked out.
Josh dropped his overnight bag near the stairs. “Grandma has a boyfriend?” He laughed as he entered the kitchen. “Good for her. Guess that means we gotta be on our best behavior.” He glanced at Chad, who was still taking plates down. “That means him and Will gotta stay on separate sides of the house.” Their rivalry had been going on since they were toddlers.
“We’ll behave,” Chad assured his mother. “Well, I will.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

By the time Grandma Joan and Sam arrived, the house was clean and the table set. Valerie was nervous. Luke, Josh and Chad were on the couch watching football. They all stood as soon as the front door opened. Grandma made all the introductions, hugged everyone then left Sam in the living room to join in the Sunday tradition.
Will came downstairs just before the argument over who would win the game started. Luke was a Giants fan while Josh was a Cowboys fan. The playoffs were a big deal in the McLoughlin home. Sam just listened to each side, smart man.
“Grandma, he’s cute,” I gushed as soon as we were in the kitchen and out of earshot. Sam was indeed handsome and looked young.
Joan smiled and blushed slightly. “Thank you. He’s seven years younger. Still has a lot of pep in him.” She gave me a wicked grin.
“Oh God, Mother! Please don’t say things like that.” Valerie turned away. “I don’t want to know about your sex life.” She made herself busy by putting food into serving dishes and bowls.
I, on the other hand, took the comment in stride. “Good for you, Grandma. Hopefully, the boys don’t scare him away.”
She grinned and glanced at Sam on the love seat. “His youngest is Josh’s age, so he’s used to it.”
That was something I did not expect. Unsure how to respond, I changed the subject. “How’d you meet?”
“In Vegas.” She smiled and seemed to reminisce. The trip had been a few months back. “He spilled his drink on my blouse and offered to clean it for me.” She giggled.
I held a hand up. “Grandma, please don’t tell me how he convinced you to take your clothes off. I’d never be able to look at him again.”
“You guys are no fun.” Grandma Joan put a hand on my shoulder. “So, how are you and Chad doing?”
My heart sank. She and my mother relentlessly tried to get us together. “Grandma, please stop. We’re not dating.”
“I know.” She glanced at her youngest grandson. “He loves you so much. If you just give him half a chance…”
I closed my eyes and tried to find a better excuse than fear. There wasn’t one. “It’s too hard to explain.” No one understood my fear of losing Chad if things turned romantic.

CHAPTER THREE

“Your mom’s meeting us there?” Chad asked as he lifted me into the passenger side of his van.
I nodded. “Yeah.” Sometimes I wished I were taller so I could reach myself.
We were on the way to my appointment. My mother, Pam, was stuck at work again. Chad had broken his plans to drive me. Dana had gone ballistic in front of the entire band when he offered. She had called him an asshole and walked out, as she yelled it was over. He had shrugged and rolled his eyes. He rarely seemed affected if a girl broke up with him over me. Deep down though, I knew it bothered him that they didn't understand.
Chad sat in the driver’s seat and turned to me. “They ruled out cancer, right?” He grabbed my hand and held on tight. His pulse raced. He had asked me that same question many times.
“They did.” I was relieved about that. “Everything seems to be clear.”
“I hope they figure out what they can do.” Chad started the engine and squeezed my hand again. “You’ll be fine, baby.”
When we arrived at the doctor’s office, my mom was not there yet. I checked in and sat with Chad. Nervous, I fidgeted with my hands. By then, I was used to the doctors. The exams were normally only slightly uncomfortable. It was not knowing what was wrong that made me worry.
“Crystal Atkinson?” Pilar stood in the doorway, dressed in scrubs.
I stood and gave Chad a brave smile. “We’ll know soon.” He nodded and returned my smile. I followed Pilar to an exam room.
“This time we need to do a pelvic. OK?” Pilar handed me a paper gown. “Are you sexually active yet?”
I clutched the gown, as I grew even more nervous. “No sex, no.”
“OK.” She glanced down the hallway. “Dr. Brower will be with you momentarily.” For the past few months, I had seen almost every doctor that practiced at that office. Dr. Brower would be the last. “Is your mother here?” Pilar waited.
I shook my head. “She’ll be here soon.” It was the first time I was in an exam room alone. My mother and I were close, and I was grateful for her support. “Can you ask her to come in when she does?”
“Sure.” She left the room.
After a few deep breaths, I undressed and donned the paper gown. I debated if I should ask Chad to wait with me, but I didn’t want him to see me exposed. Hurry up, Mom.
When the door opened again, a kind looking man entered, followed by Pilar. “I’m Dr. Brower, Crystal. I have all the results.” He set my chart down on the table and sat on a rolling stool. “Everything looks good except your hormone levels. I’d like to start you on birth control pills and see if that helps.”
“OK.” I shifted on the exam table, feeling very vulnerable. “How about the pain? Will it help with that also?” He did not make me feel at ease the way the other doctors did.
He smiled with an odd look in his eyes. “I’ll give you a prescription painkiller for months like that. If it continues, that is.” He wrote out two prescriptions and made some notes. “I just want to check you to be sure we didn’t miss anything before we start you on the pills.” He turned to me. “Lay back and relax, Crystal.”
After I was in position, I closed my eyes and gripped the ends of the cushion. “Please be careful. I’m a virgin.” I was scared it would hurt. Only one other doctor had done a pelvic exam on me. That was a woman with dainty fingers.
Dr. Bower muttered something inaudible then asked, “Can you go get me a set of non-latex gloves?”
I was surprised when the door opened. Then I heard more whispered words. The doctor touched my inner thigh and I flinched. Afraid to open my eyes, I silently called for my mother. Then he pushed a finger into me. It hurt just a bit, and I cried out. My eyes opened. I could see he didn’t have on gloves. He pulled the finger out and pushed it in deeper. Then he stood and leaned his crotch on my inner thigh. He had an erection.
“Get off me!” I screamed.
The door flung open, and Pilar shouted, “Stop that!” She looked into the hallway. “Someone call the police!”
I was in tears at that point, feeling quite violated. “Chad!” The doctor suddenly rushed out of the room. I covered myself as I shook.
“Stop him!” someone yelled.
Chad’s voice floated down the hall. “Crystal, what’s wrong? Hey, what the hell’s the rush?”
“He touched a patient.”
I heard the voices but didn’t know what to do. Mommy, where are you?
“Are you OK?” Pilar’s soft voice made me look up. I nodded, physically unharmed. She closed the door and retrieved my clothes. “How about we get dressed? The police are on their way to arrest Dr. Bower. I’m so sorry I left the room.”
I let her help me as I sniffled, confused about the whole thing. “Is he gone?”
“No. Your friend is holding him for the police. Good thing he was here.”
There was a knock on the door. “Crystal?” It was my mother. “Crystal, can I come in?”
Pilar patted my back and opened the door. “She’s quite shaken up.”
“It was her?” My mom’s hand went over her mouth. “Oh God.” She quickly hugged me. “Chad’s got him. He won’t get away with it. You all right?”
I shook with a sob and clung to my mother. “Mom, he touched me.”
After we heard a loud commotion sometime later, there was another knock. “Baby?”
“Come in, Chad,” my mother told him.
Pilar left as Chad entered the room.
“Ma, did he touch her?”
She nodded and kissed my head. “She’s terrified. I don’t know what else to do.”
“Let me.” When my mom let me go, Chad took me in his arms. “Baby, I’m right here. I won’t leave you.” His body was tense.
I gripped his shirt and cried again. “No more doctors,” I begged.
“I won’t leave you alone with a doctor again,” he promised. “I’ll close my eyes if I have to.” He stroked my hair. “Ma, can you ask if a woman can finish this up. She needs this over with.”
I slowly calmed as Chad held me close. When the door opened again, I turned to it. My mother and Dr. Nickols came in. She was the lone female doctor there.
“Crystal, are you all right?” Dr. Nickols spoke softly. When I nodded, she picked up my chart. “I’d like to give you a script for birth control pills. Can I examine you?”
I shook my head and clutched Chad’s shirt again. “Please…”
“It’s OK.” Chad held my head to his chest. “She can’t deal with it today. Can you just give her the prescription?”
All I heard were papers shuffling for a while. Then Dr. Nickols spoke again. “Let’s try this one for a few months, Mrs. Atkinson. This one is for pain. In case the cramps are extreme again.” She handed them to my mom. “I’ll take over all your future appointments. OK, Crystal?”
“Yeah,” I whispered.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

By the time we arrived home, my mother had already received a call from a detective. I would need to give a statement in order to press charges. The idea of talking about the incident upset me, but I knew there was no other way to stop him from doing it again. I put it out of my mind and followed my mother into the house.
Chad took my hand as we walked through living room. “Ma, I’m going upstairs with her. That OK?” He rubbed the back of my hand with his thumb.
“Leave the door open,” my mother called from the kitchen.
Once in my room, I took off my shoes and laid on my bed, curled up in a ball. I wondered if I had done something to lead the doctor on. To make him think it was OK. Maybe I was mistaken. Maybe he had gloves on and was just checking me?
Chad soon laid behind me and took me in his arms again. “It’s not your fault,” he whispered. “He was just an asshole.”
I turned around and slid my arm over his ribs. “It happened so fast.” My eyes closed as I buried my face in his t-shirt. “I didn’t know what he was doing ’til I felt his finger.”
Obviously angry, Chad held the back of my head. “Ssh, baby. Relax and try to sleep.” He knew that helped me get through difficult times. “I’ll be right here when you wake up.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

I awoke to hushed voices. “She’ll be OK, Pop. Still a bit rattled but I think that’ll pass.” Chad hugged me tight. “Glad I was there. He tried to run. Something told me to stop him.”
“I’m glad you were, too.” My father, David, stood next to my bed.
Still in Chad’s arms, I lifted my head. “I’ll be OK, Daddy.”
He smiled, tears in his eyes. Then he touched my cheek. “My little girl’s growing up.” He tousled Chad’s hair. “So are you.” He hesitated. “I’m not good with a man in my daughter’s bed, though.”
“But he’s Chad,” I protested.
My father sighed. “I was seventeen once.” He looked us over. Chad’s arms were around me but his hands were on the bed. “How about you lay on your back Chad? So I can see what you’re doing.”
I grumbled, “Don’t even trust Chad?” Sure he would not leave until we moved; I sat up to give Chad room. He laid his arm across the bed, and I curled up on my side to face him.
Chad wrapped his arm around my back. “This good?”
“Yes.” My father smiled. “Not trying to be a downer but there’s such a thing as too close.”
When he was gone, I snuggled closer to Chad. “Sorry I freaked out earlier.” I felt much better about the incident.
“Hey.” He kissed my forehead. “You didn’t freak out.” He ran a finger down my cheek. “What he did was... Well, it was awful. There’s nothing wrong with how you reacted.”
I took a deep breath. “OK.”
“Baby?” He waited for me to look up at him. “Please don't bury this. Talk to me about it.”
As I closed my eyes, I tried not to remember what happened. “But-”
“This is not like other things,” Chad explained. “I know you tend to hold your feelings in sometimes. This could eat you up if you do that. Please, baby.”
I sighed. He was right. I had planned to act like nothing had happened. I did that often. It was my coping mechanism. He dealt with things by getting angry or hitting something... or someone. I couldn't do that. If something was too big, I pretended it didn't happen.
“Promise me you'll talk to someone. Please.”
I nodded. “OK.”
“Crystal?” My mother’s voice startled us both. “I picked up the prescriptions.” She walked to the bed. “It’s best to take the pills at the same time every day.” She handed me a small rectangular case. “This is not an invitation for unprotected sex.” She glared at Chad.
He put his hands up. “I have not slept with your daughter. I swear.”
“I’m still a virgin, Mom,” I admitted.
She visibly relaxed. “Keep it that way.” Her eyes closed for a few seconds. “At least make sure you use condoms if you guys decide to have sex.”
“Mom!” I sat up and folded my arms over my chest. “Me and Chad are not gonna have sex. Not now, not ever.”
Chad mumbled, “Ever?”
“OK. OK. I know, butt out.” She frowned. “You should start the pills tonight.” She had hoped for the longest time that he and I would get together.
While he got to his feet, Chad looked from me to my mom. “I’ll go get some iced tea. I’m thirsty anyway.”
“I’ll keep the pain medication in my room.” My mom looked tired. “You look better. How you holding up?”
I gave her my best smile. “I’m fine. Maybe I overreacted.”
She sat on my bed and laid a hand on my thigh. “If you need to talk about it, I’m here.”
“Thanks, Mom.”
Chad returned with two glasses. “Maybe you should take it now, so you don’t forget.”
I glanced over at my alarm clock. It was almost nine o’clock. “Good idea.”
“Call me if you need anything.” My mom waved and left us alone again.
Chad set the glasses down on my nightstand. When I punched out the first pill, he took out the instruction booklet and started to read. “Wow! That’s a lot of possible side effects.” He kept reading as I swallowed the pill. “Some of these are serious.”
“Relax. Not everyone reacts to it like that.” I wasn’t worried. I had never had an adverse reaction to any medicine. “You wanna watch some TV before you leave?”
He laid on the bed again. “Sure. Sounds good.”
I jumped when a door slammed. Chad pulled me to him again. Raised voices made my heart pound. I couldn’t understand what the conversation was about at first. Chad and I went silent as we tried to hear them. Curiosity made me get up and peek into the hallway.
“Baby, don’t.” Chad pulled me back.
Unable to stay in the dark, I tugged on him and forced him into the hall with me. The voices became clearer once outside my parent’s bedroom door.
“How the hell did this happen?” my father shouted. “How did that animal get his hands on my daughter? What gives him the right to violate her?”
My mother’s voice was quieter and calmer. “David, please. She can hear you. I talked with the police already.”
“Pam, she’s my little girl.” My father sounded quite emotional. “How could he touch my little girl?”
“He’s sick,” she replied.
Chad lifted me and hurried to my room. “You don’t need to hear that. Let them talk deal with it together.” He set me on my bed. “You and I can deal with it in our way.”
“I dealt with it.” It was a lie, but I didn’t want to talk about it.
He sat down and met my eyes. “No, you haven’t, but I’ll give you a few days to let it sink in.”

CHAPTER FOUR

Within three weeks, Reckless had gotten into a battle of the bands at Dimensions, a popular club. They held one every few months. It wasn’t easy to get a spot. Chad and Phil had taken a video of us playing in the garage. Then they edited it and sent in the finished product. Somehow, they’d made it seem as if we were on a stage. The two of them were technically geeks, but it was hard to see them that way.
The past weeks I had taken the birth control pills faithfully. Some side effects had appeared, mostly moodiness and upset stomach. A few times, I had to stop myself from overreacting. It had Chad worried, but I assured him that I would let my doctor know about it when I went to see her the next month. I had not allowed it to affect the band. Not even Andy had mentioned anything had changed.
Excited, I sat down at the table our families had commandeered. It was as close to the stage as possible. Even my brothers had come. I didn’t see them often. My mom looked uncomfortable and my dad frowned. As far as I knew, they never went to bars or clubs. Hard rock music already played, which they also did not like. They were into bands like Aerosmith, Led Zeppelin and The Beatles.
My father did not approve of my outfit either. He didn’t say it out loud but glared at me when he saw that cleavage showed. It wasn’t much, but he liked me to dress conservatively. My mother knew that his complaints would drive me to rebel even more, so she tried to balance out his attitude. However, I was their baby, so they tried desperately to hold onto me. Sometimes I wished I were in college already.
“That blouse is a lovely color.” My mom smiled. “It goes well with those torn jeans.” She hid her hatred of my style well. At least she did outwardly. I knew better.
With a smile, I replied, “Thanks, Mom. At least someone’s on my side.”
Chad had already kissed my neck and growled as he stared at my chest. He enjoyed my change of style. I wanted to fit in, yet look sexy. The black four-inch heels were new as well. I had to practice walking for a week not to trip.
“So kid, what d’ ya play?” Gavin, my 27-year-old brother, asked. For the past two years, he attended law school in Chicago while he worked as a paralegal. He had not visited that entire time.
Cameron, my oldest brother at 30, rolled his eyes. “Guitar, you idiot. She’s been playing for years. Where you been?” At least he came to visit as much as possible. He was also a musician but lived in Los Angeles.
“Guess I forgot.” Gavin gave me a sad face. “Sorry. Mr. professional piano player here is better at remembering stuff like that.” He smiled. “At least I know your 18th birthday is next month.” That was a first. Mom always had to remind him it was my birthday.
Chad’s parents sat with us. Valerie leaned toward Cameron. “When’s the new album coming out?”
With a bright smile, Cameron replied, “I have the vocals down. Just need to do the music. Should be out in a few months, maybe May.”
“I can’t wait to hear it.” Chad’s mother was a huge fan of Cameron’s music. It was slow and soulful, so not my style.
My father put a hand on his shoulder. “Proud of you, son.” He paused. “When are you going to settle down and get married?”
“When hell freezes over.” Cameron laughed. “I’m having too much fun.” He winked at Gavin, which earned him a smack on the back of the head from our father.
Chad wandered over to us. “Anybody want a drink or anything?”
“We already ordered with the waitress,” his father assured him. “Relax. We’re here for you, not the other way around.”
The place had every friend and family member we could round up. It was the first performance we would do in front of so many strangers, so we wanted to show we had support. Every other gig had been friend’s parties so far. I looked around. All the bands mingled with the crowd. They probably did the same thing as us. The more people cheered for you, the higher chance of winning.
“I need a drink,” Chad mumbled as he leaned over me.
After I shook my head, I whispered to him, “Don’t you dare. You’ll get carded.”
He did not look seventeen. To make himself seem older, he had grown out his beard. I didn’t like it too much. It scratched my face when we kissed.
“Josh is here.” He quickly kissed my cheek. “He’ll get me something.”
I scowled and growled, “If you drink, don’t even think of coming near me tonight.”
“OK, fine.” He placed his hands on my shoulders and squeezed lightly. “Dana’s not in the picture anymore, so how about we go by the river tonight?”
As I looked back at him, I shrugged. “Maybe. Let’s see how late it is.”
“Better than a no.” Chad took his camera off the table and pointed the lens at me. “Gimme a sexy smile.”
I laughed instead. He loved to take pictures and videos. The expensive camera he held had a high-powered lens, designed specifically to offset the darkness. He spent a lot of his money on camera equipment.
When the first band hit the stage, Chad and I moved closer. He stood me in front of him, to shield me in case a mosh pit formed. With his hands on my shoulders and his body pressed against me, I felt very safe. Since he had broken up with Dana, we had spent a lot more time together.
“They’re lame,” he said in my ear. “Too soft.”
I agreed with his assessment. They were almost pop. Not many we knew would like them. However, they would get a lot of radio play if they earned a record deal. Their second song was a ballad. I stuck my fingers in my mouth and simulated gagging. Chad leaned on me and laughed.
However, the next band was incredible. Their singer could do anything from rap to scream and everything in between. My heart sank. No way could we blow them away. I closed my eyes and tried to relax. Nerves would definitely affect my performance. I hoped my emotions stayed in check.
“Baby, ya never know.” Chad’s lips brushed my ear. “Maybe the crowd won’t like them.”
Seconds later, everyone around us started to get into the song. I groaned. My confidence plummeted. Chad put his arms around my neck and shoulders. I reached up and grasped his forearms. As always, he gave me strength. I had to give it my best or I’d never forgive myself.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Out of ten bands, we went on sixth. Once I was on the stage, my hands started to shake. I glanced up and saw hundreds of people. That didn’t help. My mother waved but I shivered, terrified. My guitar felt like it weighed a thousand pounds. Phil stood offstage and trained Chad’s camera on us. He snapped several photos.
“Hey.” Chad ran a finger down my cheek. “What’s wrong?”
My lip quivered but I looked up. “I’m nervous.”
He pulled me into the darkness at the back of the stage. Then he kissed my lips several times. “You’ll be awesome. And I’ll be here with you.” He took my face in his hands and pressed his lips to mine again then added, “Baby girl, you’re amazing. We’re gonna kick the rest of their asses.” When he let me go, we walked back to our places.
I glanced over at Chad. His favorite guitar was slung over his body. He had saved for months in order to purchase it. It was a custom Fender Stratocaster with a two-toned blue and black body. The black extended all the way up the neck. It was beautiful. Mine was also a Fender, but much simpler with a red and white body.
The reaction to our first song was good. By the middle of it, I relaxed and lost myself in the music. I stepped forward as my fingers moved over the frets. Chad and I played as one. The audience ate it up. The rest of our set, I smiled and winked at all the guys who surrounded the stage. It made them shout louder for us. By the end, I felt we had done our best.
“Watch your step,” Chad called to me as I walked to the steps.
There was no rail, so I bent down and held onto the stage as I climbed down. Once I hit the floor, I came face to face with a tall, handsome man.
“You really wail, babe.”
I smiled. “Thanks.”
“So...” He looked around. “You got a man waiting for you?” Before I could answer, he grabbed my hand and tugged me to his side. “Even if you do, I’m sure I’m better than him.” A hand squeezed my ass.
My eyes opened wide. “Um, I, uh…” I had never met such an aggressive man. Confused about what to say, I tried to pull away.
He held on tight and pulled me even closer. “Come on. I gotta nice Corvette.”
I scanned the room and hoped my brothers or even Chad’s could see us. “I’m not here alone.”
“My friends’re here, too.” He led us toward the exit.
I knew I had to say something, but my mouth wouldn’t work. My limited experience with men didn’t help. I had not encountered a man with so much confidence.
“Hey! She’s 17. Hands off.” My father stood feet from us.
The man laughed. “That’s legal in this state. Buzz off, old man.”
“Let go of my girlfriend,” Chad suddenly shouted. I braced for Chad to completely flip on the guy.
After he turned around, the stranger had to look up to Chad. He released my hand immediately. “Sorry. She didn’t tell me she was taken.”
“Doubt you asked.” Chad pulled me into an embrace and kissed my lips hard. Then he grabbed my ass. “No one touches my woman.” He glared at the man until he backed up then walked away. The move made a few others shy away from us, too. He leaned down and whispered in my ear, “Sorry. I had to.”
My father moved closer, eyes on Chad. “So, you’ve been lying to me?” He folded his arms over his chest. “How long have you been sleeping with my daughter?”
“No.” Chad glanced around at my brothers who had seen the commotion. “You got it wrong. I swear. We haven’t had sex. Sometimes I pretend to be her boyfriend, so guys’ll leave her alone. I knew that one needed a demonstration.” He let me go. “It was just an act, really.”
Gavin put a hand on my shoulder. “Dad, Josh said he does this to protect her.”
Josh moved to Chad’s side. “Pop, Chad’d never lie to you. You know that.”
Their parents and my mom soon appeared. “David, please,” my mother urged him. “You’re causing a scene.” She touched his chest. “Let’s talk about this at home.”
With a last glare at Chad, my father walked away. Luke followed him, as he called his name. I watched them walk outside. Then my shoulders slumped. The guilt had to be written all over my face. Chad didn’t lie. However, our relationship was far from innocent like it had been the year before.
“He jumped the gun,” my mom announced. “Thank you, Chad for doing what you had to again. I’m sure that wasn’t easy.”
Chad’s face reddened. He turned to hide it, but I didn’t miss it. “Yeah, I guess.”
Will laughed. “Sure.” He reached up and whispered something into Chad’s ear.
“Fuck off, man.” Chad shoved him. “It’s not funny.” Then he turned to me. “I’m sorry Pop saw. I didn’t think of that.”
I picked up his hand and clutched it tight. “I know you meant well.” He had done that very thing once at school. Then after, he decked the boy who came on to me. “I should’ve just said no, but he kinda surprised me.”
“Baby, he didn’t give you a chance. I saw him.” Chad pulled me into his arms. “Next time I’ll punch first and ask questions later.”
Josh shook his head. “You need anger management. Seriously.”
“Only when it comes to his girlfriend here.” Will chuckled again. Josh smacked him upside the head. “What the fuck? It’s true.”
My mother sighed. “Leave them alone, Will.” She looked around. “How about we let them have some time to talk.” She gathered everyone and winked at me. I wonder if she ever planned to give up on trying to get us together.
When we were finally alone, I laid my head on Chad’s chest. “Thanks.” His hands moved over my back slowly. “Where’d the guys go?” I had not seen our bandmates since I walked off the stage.
“Probably hitting on girls.” Chad leaned his chin on the top of my head. “Hope Pop’s not still pissed. It’d suck if I couldn’t come over anymore.”
I nodded and closed my eyes. That would most definitely suck. I hoped his dad convinced mine that Chad faked it. We stayed like that until Daniel made his way to us.
“Hey, man.” Daniel stood next to us with a giggling blonde. “Um, I’m gonna take off for a bit. Call me when the last band is up.” He leered at the blonde which made it obvious what they were about to go do.
Chad took a deep breath. “Sure. Don’t have too much fun.” The next band began to play, so we both turned to watch.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Hours later, they announced the winner. We came in third. It wasn’t unexpected. Some of the bands were amazing. Third out of ten was much better than I had estimated. It gave us a boost of confidence.
By the time we got home, my parents were on the couch, deep in conversation. Chad acted like a man and came inside with me. He cleared his throat. “Um, Pop.” He waited for my father’s attention. “I’m sorry for what you saw. That guy was about to walk out the door with her. I wasn’t gonna let him. Her innocence is important to me.”
My father’s eyebrow rose. “Innocence?”
“Yes, David… Innocence.” My mother stared at him until his eyes widened and mouth dropped.
“Oh.” My father sounded shocked. “I had… no idea… I’m so sorry, Chad. I didn’t mean to assume.” He looked down for a few seconds. “With the clothes and the music… I guess I just thought…” My mom grabbed his hand. “Obviously, I jumped to the wrong conclusion. I’m sorry, sweetheart.”
I smiled; glad it was settled. “It’s OK. He knew I needed him.” I glanced up at Chad. “As usual.”
“Always, my baby girl.” He placed a hand on the small of my back. “Would it be all right for us to go out? Just over to the river for like an hour?”
My mom grinned. “You kids go have fun.”
Completely relieved, we headed to the river. There was a walking path, benches and large sections of grass. Sometimes Chad and I just sat and watched the boats pass to forget the rest of the world. It calmed me.
Chad parked near one of our favorite spots. There were a few cars, but I didn’t see anyone. Some parked to make out. We walked hand in hand across the grass to a bench that faced the water. There were a few boats, all lit up. We sat in silence for a while, my head on his chest, his arm around my shoulders.
“You OK?” Chad suddenly asked.
I nodded. “Fine.”
“So that guy didn't bring up any memories?”
“No. Stop talking about it.” I had let it go. The only thing that lingered was fear. Before the doctor had touched me, I would have easily told a creep to get lost. Instead, I had panicked. “Please.”
He pulled me closer. “You promised me you wouldn't do this. Did Ma bring you to a shrink or something?”
“Yes,” I replied softly. “I'm fine. It's just better not to talk about it.”
While he exhaled heavily on my neck, he rubbed my back. “I know that's your way, but I'm scared it's gonna backfire this time. If you freak out when you go to your appointment, then we need to talk about it. OK?”
“If it’ll get you off my back.” I didn't want to talk about it anymore than I had to. Although, I was glad my mother had insisted on a counselor.
He kissed the top of my head. “I'll drop it… for now.” After a long silence, he unzipped his jacket and said, “Wish we lived right on the water.”
I looked across the river to the homes that lined it. The view from them must be beautiful. There were parts on our side that houses were pretty close, but only the very rich could afford them. I closed my eyes and imagined owning one. Funny enough, Chad was there in my fantasy.
“What’re you thinking about?” Chad startled me.
I instantly blushed and was glad for the cover of darkness. “Um, nothing.” There was no way I could admit that sometimes he was in my dreams and fantasies. He would read too much into it.
“Didn’t look like nothing.” He lifted my chin. “Day dreaming?”
I nodded. “Yeah. It would be cool to live on the river.”
“I’d love to be able to afford a house like that.” He took a deep breath. “I’d love you to be there, too.”
Silently, I groaned. He went there anyway. “I guess, maybe one day.”
His lips on mine were a shock, but I went with it and slid my hand through his hair. My eyes closed when he probed my mouth with his tongue. Arms around me, he pulled me into his lap. I didn’t break this kiss. Instead, I circled his tongue with mine. Desire once again gripped me. My body shuddered with need as he opened my coat and pulled me closer.
“Stop.” I pushed Chad’s chest, terrified of the feelings I had for him. “I can’t do this to you.”
“Do what to me?”
I sighed and hoped I worded it right. “Let you believe I have feelings for you.”
“Baby, you’re not doing that. It’s just kissing.” He smirked then put a hand over my right breast. “Maybe a little more.” He used his thumb to force my nipple to harden. “And you like it. You can’t deny that.”
I laid my head on his shoulder. “True, but… what if I hurt you?”
“You won’t.” He exhaled loudly. “We won’t let it get that far.” He placed a soft kiss on the top of my head. “I won’t let it.”

CHAPTER FIVE

On a Monday at the end of March, I was in Journalism class. It was my last class of the day. For weeks, I had felt off. I was hot and cold, had headaches and other minor symptoms. I kept it to myself. The side effects from the birth control will taper off, won’t they? Chad had made me read the insert just in case. It was as scary as he said.
“You OK?” Natalie asked from beside me. She was one of my few female friends. Most were only acquaintances, since I couldn’t relate to many girls I met.
As I waved my hand, I forced a smile. I could barely concentrate. My head pounded. Without another thought, I laid my head on the desk, to try to ease the pressure. Please stop, I begged the throbbing. The side effects had increased instead of waning. It was no longer an option to ignore them. I planned to call Dr. Nickols when I got home.
Chad shared that class with me. He crouched down beside me. “What’s wrong?”
“Sit down, Chad,” Mrs. Grady admonished him.
He replied, “Wait. She’s sick or something.”
Someone placed a hand on my shoulder. “Crystal, are you all right?” Mrs. Grady sounded concerned. “Maybe you should go to the nurse.”
“My head’s killing me,” I complained.
Chad suddenly lifted me. “I’ll take her.” The next thing I knew, he was talking to someone else. “She said her head’s killing her.”
I looked around and found we were in the nurse’s office. “I’m gonna be sick,” I announced. Chad had me in the bathroom in seconds.
“Can you call her mom?” Chad shouted out. “She’s throwing up.” He held my hair as I vomited again. “Baby, it’s OK.” He rocked me when the spell was over.
Several minutes later, the nurse was in the doorway. “She can’t get here for quite a while.”
Chad rubbed my back. “I’ll get you in bed soon.” We had both turned eighteen that month, so we could sign ourselves out if needed.
I couldn’t talk. My stomach still churned and my head felt like it was in a vice. Tears streamed down my face. I had not felt that bad in years. Rarely did I get headaches. It made no sense.
Then the bell rang, to signal the end of the school day. Chad sat me on his lap and pulled my hair into a ponytail. He secured it with something then made me look at him. “You gonna hurl again?” I shook my head slowly. “Then I’m gonna take you home.”
He helped me into my jacket. Then he took our bags and half carried me to his van. When he let me go to open the passenger door, everything started to spin. My eyes rolled back as the pain in my head got even worse.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

I jumped when I woke up in Chad’s van. I had a seatbelt on, but my head was in his lap. He drove like a mad man. Tires squealed. I looked up to see him grip the steering wheel in his left hand. Then I felt his right hand cup my face. It shook.
“You have to be OK. You have to be OK.” He continually mumbled that same thing. We turned and I grabbed his arm. I felt like I was about to fall. “You’re awake. Good.” His breath was erratic. “Baby, don’t get mad.” He glanced down. “We’re going to the hospital.”
My eyes opened wide. The last thing I wanted was to see a doctor. I had avoided it for two months so I could leave the bad memories behind me. “No. Please.”
“You have to.” He bit his lip, seemly on the verge of tears. “I won’t leave you. I swear.”
I dug my nails into his forearm. Terror washed over me. “Don’t let them touch me.”
“Baby, you gotta relax.” The van almost drifted around a turn. “We’re almost there. Your mom’s on her way.”
Tears fell. I had not known that fear in weeks. The counselor my mom brought me to felt I had dealt with it well, so we had all assumed I was fine. The thought of a strange doctor terrified me, though. I closed my eyes. Chad can protect me.
Seconds later, we parked. Before I had even realized what was happening, Chad had me out of the van and carried me into the emergency room. He stopped at a desk. “She’s got a bad headache, vomiting and passed out.”
“You need to sign in over there first.” She pointed to another desk a few feet away.
Chad scowled. “She needs help now.”
“So do they.” She waved a hand at the others in the waiting room. “Sign in and sit down.”
After an angry exhale, Chad put an arm around me and helped me to the sign-in sheet. “Let me know if you haveta hurl again.”
I nodded. Then the room started to spin. I reached for Chad just as I slid toward the floor.
“See. Help her!” He frantically hefted me in his arms, just before I passed out again.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

When my eyes opened again, I was on a bed. For a few seconds, things were fuzzy. I heard voices and felt something in my arm. Relief washed over me when I saw I was dressed. Then someone squeezed my hand.
“Ma, I didn’t know what else to do.” Chad’s voice was shaky. “She passed out twice.”
My mother replied, “You did the right thing, sweetie. They think it might be the birth control pills.”
I groaned when I turned my head. “Mommy,” I whined. The headache still raged. “My head hurts.”
She leaned over and kissed my forehead. “They’re getting something for the pain, sweetheart. Just try and relax.” She looked up. “Did they say how high her blood pressure went?”
“I think like 180 something.” Chad gripped my hand tighter. “They were rushing like crazy after that. I thought I was losing her.”
To relay I was fine, I tugged on his hand. He pressed his cheek to mine and hugged me. Everyone stayed quiet for a while. There was a curtain around us, so I wasn’t exactly sure where we were.
“Here we go.” A male nurse appeared with a syringe.
My eyes opened wide. “No please, Chad. Don’t let him touch me.”
“Hey, I’m right here.” Chad took my hand in his.
The nurse smiled. “It’s going in your IV. It won’t hurt.”
I cringed as he came closer. He looked similar to a doctor in the plain blue scrubs. A few feet away, he injected the medicine and smiled at me. A weird feeling traveled up my arm, and soon I began to feel a bit of relief. I relaxed and looked up at Chad. He was watching the nurse.
Then the curtain opened again. “OK. It seems we have made things worse with the birth control pills.”
I stared at Dr. Melendez. He had ordered some of my tests. They must have told him I was in the hospital. When he stepped forward, I shrieked and crawled backward up the bed.
Chad held me down, as to not let me go far. “You gotta calm down, baby. Please. You’ll make it worse. Please.”
I threw my arms around him. “Make him go away. No doctors, please.”
“Stop it, now.” Chad’s tone was forceful. “Your clothes are staying on, and I’m not gonna let him touch you. If you don’t relax, you’re gonna pass out again.”
I relented but didn’t let go of him.
“There’s no need to examine you any further,” Dr. Melendez assured me. “I’d like you to stop the pills and let’s see if these symptoms go away. We can’t have your blood pressure going through the roof all the time.” He turned to my mother. “Once her pressure is down, I’ll release her. I’d like her to stay home from school for a few days and stay away from stress.”
She nodded and asked, “So then is there anything else we can do about her cycle issues?” She glanced at Chad.
“He knows about everything, Mom,” I explained. “Truthfully, he knew before you did.” I yawned involuntarily.
Dr. Melendez smiled. “That’s good you have someone to confide in.” He lifted my chart and flipped a few pages. “There is a much milder version we can try. I don’t think the shots or implants are a good idea. The effects are longer lasting.”
“I don’t think so either,” Chad commented. “Is there something without so many side effects?”
My mother glared at him. “Chad, let the doctor decide what’s best.”
“But, Ma.” Chad looked to me for support. “That was scary as shit.” He covered his mouth for a second. “Sorry, but it was.”
After he checked the chart again, Dr. Melendez nodded his head. “It must have been. The pills she was taking were a much higher dose of hormones. We’ll monitor her closer this time.” He started to write. “If the symptoms subside then start these the next Sunday. I want you to see Dr. Nickols a week from the Monday after that. Then every week, until we’re sure there are no serious side effects this time.”
I nodded and hoped something different would work.
Chad whispered, “Should I call Keith?”
“Yeah.”
I had been dating Keith for two weeks. He was funny and we got along well. Since he was a year older, he didn’t go to our school. Chad made sure to know him pretty well. He had most likely threatened him, too. Keith didn’t mention it, but the looks that passed between them the night we double dated had given it away.
Keith was about 5’ 8”. A good height for me, but Chad easily intimidated him because if it. I was very glad Chad’s wrath never came my way.
Chad had been dating the same girl, Brianna, for a month by then. He hadn’t had many long-term relationships, a few months at the most. I tried my best to keep out of his love life but I couldn’t always.
Although he kept the girls at arm’s length for the most part, that didn’t stop them from trying to get a commitment out of him. Some used him for his money, like Brianna, who had already persuaded him to buy her jewelry. I hated it.
I clutched Chad as an odd feeling came over me. When our eyes met, I managed, “Did you tell Brianna you’ll be late?”
He nodded. “She understood. Natalie told her how sick you got.”
“The painkiller may make her sleepy,” Dr. Melendez mentioned as my eyes became droopy.
Chad laid me down but held my hand. “Sleep, baby.” He cupped my cheek and kissed my lips. “I’m not gonna let go.”
I couldn’t imagine falling asleep, but my lids shut involuntarily. “Ch—ad,” I whispered, nervously.
“I’m here,” he softly told me. “Just get better. Please.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Several hours later, Chad carried me up to my room. When he laid me on the bed, Keith came in the room. “She a’right?” He had arrived at my house minutes before we did.
“Yeah, bad reaction to some medicine.” Chad obviously didn’t want Keith to know what I had been on.
Thankfully, my headache had eased. The medicine had worked, and Chad’s presence had made the entire ordeal much easier. I squeezed his hand as I got comfortable. With his other hand, he smoothed my hair back then ran his thumb over my bottom lip. I knew he was still worried. Then he stepped back and kept watch as Keith sat on my bed.
Keith lifted my hand. “Finally let me see your room.” He laughed and glanced at Chad. “I was tryin’ to make you smile.” His eyes showed his slight worry.
I gave him a half-grin, still a bit groggy and feeling out of sorts. “Sorry. It’s been a rough day.” I turned to Chad. “Can you get me some water?”
“Sure.” He gave Keith the evil eye and left the room.
As I grabbed Keith’s hand, I explained, “He’s a little overprotective.”
“A little?” Keith’s eyes flitted around the room. “Glad he was there to help you, though. I don’t know if I would’ve done the right thing.” He leaned down and kissed my lips. “When you feel better, maybe you could come over to my house sometime.” He winked.
I knew it was because he hoped for sex, as most guys did. He had no clue I was a virgin. Other than the occasional hint at getting me alone, he had been a gentleman for the most part. That was why I had decided not to tell him about my inexperience.
We had a lot in common which included the same taste in music. However, his style was quite different from mine. He was more Goth with black shirts, black skinny jeans, and his hair dyed black. Sometimes his nails were painted black as well. When we went out, he’d even wear black eyeliner at times. He was different for me, but so far, we worked.
He had watched Chad and I play with the band at a few parties. He embraced that side of me as well. We actually had met at a party we had played at. He had approached me and asked me out on the spot. The first thing I had noticed about him was his eyes. They were green, with hints of brown and yellow. Then his dark spiky hair reminded me of Tommy Fischer. There was no way I could say no. He was fucking hot.
“You goin’ to school tomorrow?” Keith was in his first year of college at Southwest New Jersey University.
My eyes closed. “I gotta stay home a few days.”
His hand tentatively touched my thigh. I looked up nervously. We were rarely completely alone. He slid his hand up a bit and his eyebrows went up. “I can play hooky and come visit.”
“Not gonna happen,” Chad growled. “Keep your hands to yourself.”
Keith jumped back. “Sorry.” He stared at his feet, definitely disappointed.
After he glared for a least another minute, Chad turned to me. “Your mom said you can still go Friday night if you feel OK.” We had a gig at Josh’s frat house that night. “I canceled practice tomorrow, though.”
“Can I come?” Keith waited for a full minute. “I like your band.”
Chad shrugged and exhaled loudly. “I guess. It’s not at your school. It’s up in New Haven, in Connecticut.”
“Oh, wow.” He pulled his bottom lip in then looked up. “Can I ride with you guys?”
I glared at Chad. “He can ride up with Will. Please, Chad?”
“Fine.” Chad gave him a dirty look. “If I see your hands anywhere I don’t like, I’ll kick your fuckin’ ass.”
I was too tired to ask him to stop. My lids fluttered and soon I started to drift off again.
“Chad, I won’t disrespect you.” Keith sounded far away. “She’s special to me.”
A hand was suddenly on my cheek. “Me, too. I’ll be watching.”

CHAPTER SIX

“Sometimes at these kinda parties we get requests.” Andy put a reassuring hand on my shoulder as we stood outside Josh’s frat house that Friday night. “You ready for anything?”
I nodded which made my silver chandelier style earrings chime. My leather coat had been a good idea. It was a bit colder up there. “I know all the songs. No worries.”
“Yeah, I know.” Andy looked back at our bandmates who were unloading Chad’s van. “I meant we do covers, too.”
That I had forgotten about. “Right.” I had seen most of their performances. “Well, I do know all of Gasoline’s songs.”
“Can you play on demand?” His eyebrows went up. “Like play whatever they want?” He lit up a cigarette and closed his eyes.
Chad came up behind us. “She can. As long as she’s heard it before.” He put a bass drum down and smiled at us. “I’ve seen her play with the radio.”
I had done that many times. “I can.” I waved a hand in front of my face. “Get that away from me.”
Andy stepped back. “Sorry.” I hated that he still smoked, although he was trying to quit.
“Hey, Chad,” his girlfriend, Brianna, called to him as she stepped out of Will’s car.
Keith soon climbed out of the back seat. He waved and I smiled, glad he would be there. As usual, he was dressed in all black, right down to his combat boots. I could see as he walked to me that he had worn eyeliner and several of his piercings. I was scared to pierce anything but my ears.
That gig was important. Josh had told us that he had invited a few musicians he knew. One who may have connections. It felt odd to be stoked, yet nervous.
When Brianna pranced her way toward us, Chad turned, hugged her then kissed her cheek. He was not comfortable with public displays of affection around me. Well, unless I was the one he was kissing. I did discourage that type of behavior around our friends, though.
The front door opened. Loud music and voices filled the air. The party already raged. We weren’t late, but with no school the next day, the group must have started early.
Keith grabbed my hand as I headed for the entrance. I gave him a smile.
“Love the outfit.” His eyes raked over my blue button down blouse and jean skirt.
“Thanks.” With my boots, I could see him eye to eye. I knew he didn’t like that, but he rarely mentioned it.
He pulled me close and pressed his lips to mine. “Missed you.”
My parents had only allowed him to visit twice while I rested that week. However, Chad had full access to me. At least Keith didn’t know that.
“Hey, hey, hey!” Josh shouted as he came toward us.
My eyes opened wide as I stepped in front of Keith. I knew Gavin had asked Josh to keep an eye out for me. Although, sometimes he went too far.
“Josh, he’s my boyfriend.” I glared at him as he stood over me and gave Keith a dirty look.
With a scowl, Josh told him, “Hands where I can see ’em, boyfriend.”
“It’s Keith.” Keith gulped then held out his hand to Josh. “I’ll be a perfect gentleman.”
“You better be.”
I pushed Josh back. “Come on, Josh. Don’t scare him.” I turned to Keith. “He thinks he’s my brother, not Chad’s.” I rolled my eyes. “Ignore him.”
“OK.” Keith visibly relaxed. “Should I go help unload?”
With a wide smile, I looked toward the van. “Good idea. Maybe Chad’ll chill out, too.”
Will came up behind me and whispered, “He’s not so bad.”
I whirled around. “Why d’ ya say that?” My eyebrows rose as I waited for an answer.
“We kinda talked on the way up here,” Will admitted as he glanced at Keith. “Brianna was talking Peter’s ear off, so I had to drown out the sound.” Peter was his best friend. “Josh, I think she’ll be fine.”
Josh frowned, which let me know he had hoped he was a jerk. “Whatever.”
Within thirty minutes, we were set up to play in the large front room. The house was full of co-eds, who watched us with anticipation. It was a bit nerve racking. Keith stood nearby with Brianna. They talked quietly. That was a little odd, but it reassured me, since they stayed close.
“Baby, you all right?” Chad leaned his arm against mine.
I nodded. “I’m good.”
“No headache or nausea today?”
With a smile, I replied, “Nope. I feel great. It was definitely the pills.”
“Good.” He moved to kiss me then pulled back. “Glad it’s over.”
I was as well. The first two days had been pretty awful, but then the symptoms started to wane. My mother had stayed home the first day and Chad had the next. Neither wanted me alone until the headaches had ended. Dr. Nickols had said it should take a week or two. My body seemed to flush the extra hormones quickly.
“Hey there.” Andy waved at the crowd. “We’re Reckless. Thanks for having us. Hope you came prepared to rock.” He got a few cheers. “We’re gonna start off with an original song. Then if you wanna hear something just let us know.”
Chad played the opening notes to “Insanity.” I took a few deep breaths and joined him. Once Andy started to sing, a few people in the room tapped a foot or nodded their heads to the beat. The more the crowd got into the song, the more I did as well. I glanced at Keith who jumped to the beat. That made me smile.
“OK, so what’ll it be?” Andy asked the room.
Will shouted, “‘Fat Lip.’”
Jay smirked. “Good one.” He turned to me. “You know that one?”
“By Sum 41?” I asked. “Sure.”
It had been popular several years ago. I had heard it many times. Chad and Jay did the backing vocals. The whole room sang the chorus along with all of us. The energy in the room was contagious. After that, we did “Come Out and Play” by The Offspring and “Getting Away with Murder” by Papa Roach, among others. Not all the bands had a rhythm guitarist, so I just played with Chad or Jay on those.
“Hey, how about ‘Psycho’ by Puddle of Mudd?”
I looked up at the jock who stood feet from me. My eyes opened wide. He had chosen a song I did not know. I thought I had heard it before but couldn’t be sure. Nervously, I glanced at my bandmates.
“You don’t know that one, do you?” Jay whispered.
As I shook my head, I took a glimpse at Chad. His mouth opened in realization. I gave him a smile, to ease his nerves. “I’ll wing it,” I told Jay. He shrugged.
Chad played the intro. I listened intently, feeling the music. Andy started to sing, and I played what I felt. Eyebrows rose. It was not the song’s rhythm but my own. The group soon began to sing with Andy. By the end, the room cheered loudly. Obviously, they were having a good time.
“How about you play a few more originals?” the man who stood against the wall closest to me suggested.
I eyed at him curiously. He looked different than most of the partygoers, with long dirty blonde hair, black jeans, a t-shirt, and topped off by heavy black boots. In my eyes, he was quite handsome. A real bad boy with a cute smile.
Andy held the mic up. “Be happy to.” He turned to the rest of us. “Demonslayer.” He and Chad had written the song after they’d watched a Buffy the Vampire Slayer marathon.
Daniel began to pound his bass drums in a rhythm that made me think of impending doom. Chad added eerie sounding notes and drew each out as long as possible. I closed my eyes and let the beat consume me. My fingers moved of their own accord. As it progressed, the crowd reacted. Some nodded their heads and moved their whole bodies, or turned away from their conversations to listen to us.
The song was the first to be written since I joined the group, so it was special to me. My head moved to the beat as I tapped my foot. After a while, my whole body moved without a thought. That happened to me all the time.
Just after the last note sounded, the man with long hair came forward. “Josh was right.” He put his hand out to Andy. “Danny Tilman, lead guitarist of Killer Bite.” He offered his hand to the rest of us. When handshakes were done, he smiled. “I’ve been looking for a decent band to open for us.”
Chad put an arm around my shoulders. “We’re game. When and where?”
Danny tilted his head. “I don’t mean just one gig. I’m saying like a regular thing.”
“Hell yes!” Daniel cried out.
I couldn’t believe it. “You’re serious, right?”
“Yep.” Danny nodded. “Very serious.”
A confused expression was on Phil’s face. “So, we haveta come all the way up here to play with you guys?”
Chad groaned. “That’d be a long-ass drive.”
“Nah, chill.” Danny laughed. “Guess Josh didn’t tell you. We’re based out of Philly.”
I sighed with relief. That was something I hadn’t thought of. The trip up there was long and not cheap. “Close to home.”
Danny smirked. “Just over the river.” He nodded at me. “You’ll help bring in new blood, too.”
Chad frowned. “You only want us so you can use Crystal to attract guys? Fuck this. No way.” He pulled me closer.
“I didn’t mean it like that.” Danny looked nervous. Chad was taller and stronger than him. “I like you guys as a band. You’re all good. Regarding your rhythm guitarist, I meant she’ll attract guys who may come just to see her. It’s not what I’m looking for, but it’s a bonus.”
Andy put a hand on Chad’s arm. “Chill. He’s not being a dick, and we need the exposure.” He turned to Danny. “We’ll do it.”
“I wanna hear some more.” Danny stepped back and folded his arms over his chest.
Chad glared at him for a few seconds before he let it go. “Fine.”
We then did “Fuck ’Em All.” It was well received, as were our next three songs. After a few more cover requests, we finally took a break.
“Wow,” Keith said to me as I put my guitar down. “That was just awesome.” He pulled me to him by the waist and kissed my lips. “You’re like the Energizer Bunny the way you move to the music.”
I giggled as he nuzzled my neck. Then I pushed him back when he bit me. “Hey, don’t do that.”
“Sorry.” He tugged me close again, and his lips grazed my ear. “I can’t help but wanna devour you.”
My eyes opened wide when his groin pressed against my hip. He wasn’t joking. Nervous, I looked around for Chad. He had Brianna in his arms, turned the other way. Keith’s hand moved down my back and I froze.
“Have you been drinking?” He was usually a bit sedate with Chad around.
He met my eyes. “No. It’s hard to explain. Seeing you perform, gets me... well, hard.” He stepped back and took my hand in his. “Let’s go get a drink.”
“I don’t drink.”
Keith smiled widely. “I know. I meant soda or something.”
I followed him to the kitchen in the rear. Not that I had a choice. When he stopped, I took a deep breath. It wasn't easy to walk quickly in boots with four-inch heels. They were new. I hoped I got used to them.
By the time we had gotten a drink and I had taken a trip to the bathroom, the band’s break was almost over. Keith let me walk before him back to the front room. I held my head up and smiled at all those in my path.
When I was almost to where we were set up, a man touched my arm. “Hey, girl. You really rock.”
I stopped and glimpsed up at him. “Thanks.” He was very handsome and at least a few years older.
“So… are you busy tomorrow night?” he asked. “I’d like to take you out to dinner.”
“Sorry. I’m already dating someone.”
Keith didn’t say a word, which surprised me. Then he put his arms around me from behind. “Yeah, me.” His tone was calm.
“Lucky guy.”
I turned around. “You’re not upset?”
“No.” Keith grinned and his eyebrows rose. “Them wanting you turns me on. You shoulda heard what guys were saying while you played. I love that they can’t have you.” He let me go and moved just a few feet away.
I stepped over the cables around our equipment. Then I lifted my guitar. By the time I turned around, there was a woman with Keith. At every gig, girls hit on him openly. It bothered me, but he never encouraged it. He also didn’t leave my sight. So I knew he didn’t cheat on me, at least that I could see.
We played two more sets before we stopped for the night. Keith, Chad, Brianna and I found an empty rear room with several couches. I felt a bit awkward with Chad right there, so I sat a few inches from Keith on the couch.
Chad and Brianna sat on his other side, as they whispered. It was apparent that Chad’d had at least one drink. Most likely Josh had given it to him. He kissed his girlfriend a few times, without looking my way.
“Come here.” Keith put a hand behind my neck and drew my face to his. “Chad’s too busy to care.” He pressed his lips to mine. “Sweetest lips.”
I closed my eyes and tried to pretend we were alone. After several gentle kisses, he licked my bottom lip. I was still nervous. We had not gone beyond innocent kissing yet, and I wasn't sure how I would react to going further.
“God, bunny.”
I looked at him, confused. “Bunny?”
“Yeah, my Energizer Bunny.” He groaned and crushed my lips with his.
Keith put a hand through my hair at the nape of my neck and I sighed. He took the opportunity and deepened the kiss. I resisted at first, but then he toyed with my earlobe, and I was almost putty in his hands.
We had kissed for some time before he moved a hand to my waist. Then he slid it under my shirt, and I blocked him. “No. Don’t.”
“What’s wrong?” Keith’s lips moved to my neck. “I want you.”
I pushed him back. “I can’t.”
“Can’t what?”
“Just stop. Please.” I stood up. “It’s too soon.”
Keith also stood and put his hands on my shoulders. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you.” He lifted my chin. “I’ll slow down. OK?”
I nodded. “Can we go join the rest of the party?”
“Sure.”
Before we left the room, I turned to let Chad know I was about to go. My mouth dropped. He and Brianna were locked at the lips. She had her hand in his pants while he let out soft moans. I quickly looked away, shocked.
“What’s wrong?” Keith picked up my hands. “Bunny? You OK?”
I looked at him but didn’t see him. Chad oblivious to Keith and me kissing was unusual. Normally he would say something. Moreover, I had never seen him fooling around with someone else before. It was strange, but I wanted to be the one who touched him.
“I’m sorry. Really.” Keith’s hand was on my face. “You’re really that mad?”
When I realized I had zoned out, I shook my head. “No. Can we just go to another room?”
Keith looked over my shoulder. “Oh, damn.” His eyebrows went up. “She’s really goin’ to town on him.”
I didn’t want to know what he meant. “Can we leave?” I walked around him and left the room. I couldn’t help but imagine Brianna sucking Chad off. That had to be what Keith meant.
“Hey, wait up,” Keith called to me.
I wove through the crowded house. At that point, I needed some air. People questioned me, but I ignored them. Once I was on the front lawn, I leaned over, my hands on my knees, oblivious to the cold. I took a few deep breaths. My heart raced. The thing was, I really didn’t get why. If I don’t wanna be with Chad, then why would him being with his girlfriend bother me? Or is everything finally getting to me?
“Crystal, what happened?” Josh’s voice came from behind me. “You OK?”
I glanced that way. “I’m fine.”
“Fine? If that’s fine, I don’t wanna know what you look like when something’s wrong.” Josh came to stand in front of me. “Did your boyfriend fuck up already?” He put a hand on my shoulder. “Do I need to fuck him up?”
After another deep breath, I looked up at him. “It’s hard to explain.”
“There you are.” Keith rushed outside. “I looked all over the place for you.” Then he stopped dead in his tracks when he noticed Josh. “Oh, fuck. This is not what it looks like.”
Josh glared at him. “Really? You didn’t get her so upset she had to run from you?” He gently grabbed my face. “What’d he do? He touch you?”
“No, Josh.” I sighed. “I just needed some air.”
The front door opened again. I turned to see Chad walk out as he tucked his shirt in. He stumbled a bit as he walked toward us. “Baby? Will said you ran outside. She a’right?”
“You drunk?” Keith looked at him in surprise. “No wonder you let her suck your dick in front of Crystal.”
Josh groaned. “You idiot! I told you to only have one.” He caught his baby brother when he tripped. Good thing Josh was about Chad’s size. “That’s not the way to get her, dickhead.”
I watched my feet as the brothers argued about Chad’s behavior. My imagination went wild. I could see myself in Brianna’s place. To give Chad pleasure would be… Well, I expected it would be amazing. If he were anyone but my best friend, I wouldn’t hesitate to at least take a chance.
“Ba—by…” Chad grabbed my arm so he wouldn’t fall. “I’m so sorry.” He hugged me tightly and brushed his lips over my forehead. “You mad she sucked my dick? Or… or…” He moved his head. “Or did he do something?”
I knew he meant Keith. “Drop it. Please.” If I told him I was jealous, he would never let it go. “I just needed some air.”
“If he laid a hand on her-” Josh suddenly stopped talking.
Chad exhaled over my ear and ran his fingers through my hair. “Are you having flashbacks?”
I shook my head. That had never happened, so I was lucky.
“Is it something I did?” Chad whispered.
“Kinda.” I decided to tell a half-truth. “What you guys were doing was… I was… uncomfortable being right there.”
His body tensed. “Oh… sorry. I kinda got drunk.”
“I can tell.” With another sigh, I pushed Chad back. “I’m fine. Go back to Brianna.”
Keith stood next to us. “If I said or did something wrong, I’m sorry.”
“It’s all good.” I stepped back from Chad. “I’m over it. Let’s go back and party.”
When I turned to the house, Will stood a few feet away as well. Gavin would be happy they were all there for me. For once though, I wished I could deal with things on my own.

CHAPTER SEVEN

Several weeks after the emergency room visit, I had started to take the new birth control pills. The first few days had passed without any side effects. By the time my Monday appointment came though, a few had crept up. At least the nausea wasn’t as bad that go around. All day in school, my anxiety had built which made things even worse.
“Baby, what’s wrong?” Chad asked as he touched my back. He, Natalie and I walked to our last class together. “Nervous?”
I nodded and watched the floor as we walked.
“You feel OK?” Natalie knew about my hospital visit. “You’re a bit flushed.”
It wasn’t easy to hide that I had a slight headache and that my pulse raced. I didn’t want Chad to worry, so I did my best. “I’m fine.”
Chad draped an arm over my shoulders and held my arm. “No you’re not, but I’m not gonna push.” He didn’t let go until I got to my seat. “If you start to feel worse, let me know. No playing games. Got it?”
I sat down and looked up at him. “OK.”
When he sat across the aisle from me, I took out my notebook and a pen. To calm myself, I took slow breaths. I knew I had made the symptoms worse by thinking of my appointment. The thought of doctors still made my heart pound.
Chad leaned over. “Does your mom know why I’m going, too?”
“No.” I closed my eyes and reached my hand out.
He clutched it in his and squeezed. “Baby, it’ll never happen again.”
I needed him there, to be sure I was safe. Maybe I should have explained that to my mother, but I tried to avoid talking about the incident at all.
When I gave my statement to the police, it dredged up fear for a day or two. Chad knew and had helped me through it. I had told him everything. As angry as he was, he didn’t leave my side until I had calmed down. He and I had a bond unlike any I had ever heard of in real life. We even knew what the other felt at times.
The class dragged. It seemed like two hours instead of forty minutes. I had a hard time concentrating. Mrs. Grady talked about story structure. I only heard every other sentence. A few times, Chad’s fingers grazed my arm. Each touch eased my nerves just a bit.
“Ready?” Chad stood next to my chair.
I stood slowly and packed my bag. “Yeah, I guess.” I dreaded the appointment, although at least it was with Dr. Nickols.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

We barely spoke until Chad had parked his van near my doctor’s building. “You need to be honest with Dr. Nickols, no matter what. Let her know how you been feeling and about the headache you’re trying to hide.”
I turned to him, mouth open. Sometimes I forgot about our connection. “How did you… OK, I will.” I opened my door and slid to the ground.
My mother waited for us just outside the office. She palmed my cheek. “Sweetie, you’re flushed. Are you scared?”
I nodded then looked at my shoes. “Um… I want Chad to come in there with me.”
“Why?” My mother sounded a bit angry.
After I had glanced up and confirmed her reaction, I replied, “Because I need him.”
“Ma, I’ll close my eyes,” Chad promised. “I swear.”
She sighed and walked into the office. “I’ll be watching you.” Even though she wanted us together as a couple, she continued to discourage any intimacy.
The wait was short. I had to take a few tests first, blood pressure, weight, urine and a pinprick for iron level. Soon, we headed to an exam room. Pilar was there again. She smiled at me as she led the way. Once inside, she looked from me to Chad.
“Uh, Dr. Nickols needs to do a pelvic since you haven’t had one the last few times.” She glanced at Chad again.
He took the hint. “I’ll wait outside.” He went back into the hallway and leaned against the far wall. “Call me when you’re ready.”
Once alone with my mother, I undressed and donned the paper gown. Since I didn’t want to sit on the table, I debated how to stay covered up when Chad came in. I held the gown closed and paced a few steps.
“Sit.” Mom handed me the paper drape from the table nearby. “I’ll get Chad.” She waited until I was seated and covered.
Chad walked in, glanced my way then checked out the ceiling. “Um, what should I do?” He looked quite uncomfortable.
I grinned. “You can sit in the chair,” I suggested. Then I noticed the bulge that had started to form in his pants. He was so predictable.
“Yeah, OK.” He sat and held his head in his hands. He seemed more nervous than me. “You OK, baby?”
With a smile, I watched him. “Fine.” I was—until the door opened.
Chad stood and moved to my side. “I’m right here.” He grabbed my hand. “I won’t let go. Promise.”
“So, we have an audience.” Dr. Nickols grinned. “I’ll try to be quick.” She set my chart on the counter and flipped through it. “Well, it seems your pressure is still high. Everything else looks good.” She turned to me. “Have you had headaches, nausea, any more dizzy spells or passing out?”
I bit my bottom lip for a few seconds. “Sorta.” Everyone looked at me. “It’s not as bad as before. I don’t throw up every day anymore. I haven’t passed out.”
“But the headaches continue?” Dr. Nickols seemed concerned. When I nodded, she wrote something down. “How about pain? In your breasts, abdomen, genitals?”
I blushed. “I don’t think so.”
“Crystal, if you can’t speak freely, I’ll have to ask your visitors to leave.”
After a deep breath, I shook my head. “No. I can.” I didn’t want the pills to be an issue. I wanted them to fix me. “I guess I’ve had some pain… all over.”
Chad cleared his throat. “She’s been tired and not eating much either. Just like last time.”
I hadn’t noticed those things. “I’ve kinda had some dizzy spells, too.”
Dr. Nickols frowned and put on a stethoscope. “Your blood pressure has me worried.” She listened to my heart, held my wrist and frowned again. “Your pulse is too high also.” She felt my face. “Slight fever, flushed.” Then she went back to my chart and started to write again. “I’m sorry, but it looks like your body cannot handle the hormones.”
“Can we try something else?” I pled.
She looked back at me. “Nothing else is proven to help your condition.” She wrote a bit more. Then she sat on her stool and rolled over to me. “I still need to check you. In case the hormones caused other issues.”
Chad moved behind me and took both my hands in his. “I’m right here.” He kissed my cheek. Then he closed his eyes and laid his head down. “I’m not looking.”
I laid back and got into position. Chad’s head leaned on my shoulder. As I closed my eyes, I gripped Chad’s hands harder. I whimpered when the doctor touched me.
“Ssh, I’m here,” Chad whispered, to calm me.
I felt pressure on my lower abdomen. “Ow!”
“Was that really painful?” Dr. Nickols asked. “Or just uncomfortable?”
Eyes still closed, I nodded. “Hurt.”
“Sorry.” She felt around with less pressure. “You seem all right but the pain worries me, too. You’ll have to stop the pills and see if that helps this as well.” She rolled away from me.
I looked up and sighed with relief. It was over. “So that’s it?”
“Unfortunately.” Dr. Nickols sounded sad. “There may be some new medications I haven’t heard of, though. I’ll do some research for you.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Once I was done, my mom walked ahead of us. Chad took my hand in his and held it to his lips. “Baby, are you really OK? I mean, did it bring everything back?”
“I’m fine.” For self-preservation, I had cleared my mind as soon as we left the exam room.
When we were in Chad’s van again, I leaned my head on the window. “This sucks.”
“Yep.” He started the engine. “It’ll be OK. At least you have pain pills just in case.”
I buckled myself in and sighed. “I guess. I just hate that I have to live like this forever.” It irritated me not to know when or if my period would come every month. “I hope when I want kids one day… I can.”
“Did they say that’d be a problem?” Chad’s voice rose, which showed his concern.
I shrugged. “They said it might be.” I wanted to wait quite a while before I had children, but the thought of it being difficult to conceive upset me. “Guess I’ll find out one day.” I sighed and tried to put it out of my mind.
“I got another letter today,” Chad said. He didn’t sound the least bit thrilled.
As I put a hand on his arm, I softly replied, “Was it a no?”
“Um…” He paused and shrugged a shoulder. “It was another yes.” He had been accepted by almost every school he had applied to. “I know you’re gonna be pissed.” He pulled in his bottom lip and chewed on it a bit. “I wanna take the scholarship. My parents were fighting about bills the other day. I don’t wanna be a burden. The last thing they need is another tuition bill.”
I looked out the window. “But-”
“But nothing.” He sighed. “Those schools are great. If you wanna be a doctor, or a lawyer, or some stuffy executive. I don’t. I have my computers and my music. That’s all I need. None of those schools can offer me more in the field I wanna work.”
He was right. I hated when he was right. I sighed. “OK. So then we’re both going to Southwest New Jersey University?”
“Yep, worked out good I think.”
I smiled. Natalie had already registered there, as well as several of our other friends. I jumped when my phone rang then laughed at myself.
“Hey, bunny.” Keith’s sultry voice filled my ear.
I sat up as Chad pulled out of the parking space. “You at work?” He worked part time at a pizza parlor.
“No. I got off tonight,” Keith replied. “How about we go out?”
I closed my eyes. The headache was still there. “Um, truthfully, I don’t wanna go anywhere. Not feelin’ so hot. You can come by my house if you want. We rented the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie. Johnny Depp’s so cute.”
Keith laughed. “He’s funny. Sounds good.”
“See you later then. You can come for dinner too, six o’clock.” I put my phone away.
Chad exhaled loudly. “He beggin’ for it yet?”
I glanced at him. “Why?”
“’Cause I know his type.” Chad didn't look my way. “I see the way he looks at you. He wants one thing and that’s it. That's fucked up.”
With a roll of my eyes, I replied, “He hasn't asked.” Technically he hadn’t, although I knew he would from the other things he had said. “I’m not gonna just give it up.”
“Good.” His expression was serious. “He tries ta push ya and I’ll kick his fuckin’ ass. No one does that to my baby.” His heavy slang use told me how angry he was.
I folded my hands in my lap. He would most definitely do it. His impulsiveness carried over into protecting me even when I asked him not to. Once, he had punched my boyfriend when he’d slid his hand under my blouse. I had asked him to back off, but I knew he couldn’t. Sometimes it felt like he thought that if he couldn’t have me then no one else could. I hoped that wasn’t the case because that would definitely become an issue one day.
“He comin’ over?” Chad asked when he stopped at a red light.
I sighed. “Yeah, why?”
“Maybe me and Brianna’ll come over, too. That was a good movie.” We had seen it in the movie theater, and we planned to see the next one in the series a few weeks from then.
“I don’t need a babysitter,” I growled, tired of his interference.
He turned to me. “Is Pop gonna be home?”
“Yeah.”
“Good, then he'll back me up.” Chad smirked and turned to the road. “It’ll be fun with all of us there.”
He knew he had won at that point. I didn’t have a comeback to that. The rest of the trip we were silent. When he had parked, we both got out and met my mother in the driveway.
She smiled as she got out of her car. “How about we order pizza tonight?”
“Keith's coming over,” I informed her. “I told him to come for dinner.”
After Pam slung her bag over her shoulder, she shut the car door. “You’re invited too, Chad.” She and my father were iffy about Keith. They did not appreciate that he rarely came inside when he picked me up for a date. My father wanted tradition. My mother just wanted to know him.
“Can I bring Brianna?” Chad set his eyes on me and dared me to balk at the invite.
My mother got along with Brianna. She was lively and girlie. Nothing like me. I wasn't sure what Chad saw in her.
“Sure. The more the merrier.” My mother started for the front door. “You can watch the movie we rented, too.”
I pouted. That meant me and Keith wouldn’t have a second alone. Not that I trusted him, but we couldn’t even kiss with everyone around. I liked the way he kissed. He got so into it.
“Guess I’ll go change then.” I shrugged and followed my mom.
Chad grabbed my hand. “Wait.” When my mother had disappeared inside, he continued. “I’m doin’ this for your own good. I know you think he’s a nice guy, but I know some of his friends. He’s a player, and he's after one thing. Once he gets it, he's either gonna move on or use you ’til he’s had enough.”
I pulled away angrily. “Why can't you be happy for me for once? I don’t complain about the girls you date. None of them have half a brain, and all of them want you to buy them shit. You think Brianna cares about your feelings? She’s using you, too. You think she sucks your dick to make you happy?”
He blushed and turned away. “Baby, stop.”
“No! You pushed your way into my night with my boyfriend so I’m gonna say what I should’ve for the last few months.” I took a few breaths to try to calm down. “They fucking use you. I hate that. Do you care about any of the girls you date, or are you using them, too?”
He didn’t answer right away. His eyes closed, and I knew he debated how to answer. When he spoke, he couldn’t look me in the eye. “I don’t wanna date anyone like you.” He took a deep breath then turned to me and took my hands in his. “If I stick with girls that don't want my heart, I don't feel so guilty. I know they use me, and yeah I use them, too. I get from them what I can’t get from you. What I'd rather have with you.”
We stared at each other for several minutes. It was what I had thought all along. Afraid to hurt him, I couldn’t say it wouldn’t work again. The last thing he needed to hear after that admission was that we would never be together. In my mind, that could only end in both of our hearts broken. It was a chance I was not willing to take. I needed him in my life, always.
“Say something. Please,” Chad pled as he lifted my hands. When I stayed silent, he sighed. “Maybe I shouldn’t’ve said anything.” He paused. “This was a mistake.” He pulled away and started to walk to his house.
I realized almost too late that he was upset. Shock at his words had numbed me. “No. Don’t leave.” I quickly ran after him. “Chad... Chad…” I caught up to him at his front door.
“Just forget it.” He took out his keys and fumbled with them. “I can’t do this now.”
I felt the pain in his heart. “I’m sorry. You just kinda… shocked me.” I grabbed his arm. “Talk to me. Please.”
When he turned, he had a tear on his cheek. “I love you, and I always will.” He closed his eyes for a few seconds while he tried to get a hold of himself.
I felt terribly guilty. If I hadn’t gone on and on, he wouldn’t have admitted to it all. I wondered if I should save him from hurting even more. “Chad-”
He held up a finger. “Let me… Let me…” He swallowed. “I need…” I hated to see him struggle. “I can’t bring myself to give up. Even though, you say you’ll never be with me. In my heart…” His hand went over his chest. “I feel you, my baby girl. Every time we’re close. And when we kiss…” He met my teary eyes. “When we kiss, it’s like I have you for a few seconds.”
“Maybe…” I sniffled, scared of my own words. “Maybe we should stop that.” I looked away. “I can’t hurt you like this.”
When he hugged me, I was startled, but then he held my head to his chest. “Please. Don’t take that away from me.” It was something we had not done since I had met Keith. “I need you. I need to be your friend… Your whatever you’ll let me be.” He shook slightly. “I’m not sorry about what I said about your boyfriend, but I shoulda said it in a nicer way.”
“It’s OK.” I could never stay mad at him. No matter what he did, I couldn’t help but forgive him. “You’re trying to help, but you’re wrong about him. I just know you are.”
His hand ran up and down my back, slowly. “I hope so,” he whispered. Then he put his chin on the top of my head. “Can we forget about that mess before? Please?”
“Yeah.” I wanted to forget.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Within an hour, everyone sat on the sectional in the living room. Pizza boxes were on the coffee table. My parents were glad Keith was talkative and respectful. Chad mostly just watched him. Brianna didn’t seem to have a clue.
Once the movie started, Keith put his arm around my shoulders. Chad was next to me, Brianna’s hand in his. My parents were on her other side, cuddled together. Every once in a while, my father looked our way. He had nothing to fear. In front of parents, Keith was always a gentleman and knew to tone down his style.
“You know the new one comes out next month,” Keith whispered in the middle of the movie. “You wanna go see it?”
I smiled. “Me and Chad are going opening night.”
“Oh.” He leaned forward and glanced at Chad. “Can I go too then?”
I shrugged. “Don’t see why not.”
Chad leaned over me. “Maybe.” Then he sat back again.
“Shush,” Brianna admonished us.
When the scene after the credits had ended, Chad stood up. “Thanks for having us. I haveta get Brianna home.” He turned to Keith. “I’ll take you home, too.”
“My car’s outta the shop.” Keith drove a beat up 1997 Honda Civic. “She’s workin’ great now.”
Chad looked disappointed. “OK then I guess I gotta get going.” Chad hugged my mother goodbye. Then he pulled me into his arms and softly said, “Call me if he tries anything.”
“Chill out.” I slapped his back lightly.
Keith waved goodbye as well then turned to me. “How about we go hang in your room?”
“No.” My father stood. “It’s late. Time to say good night.”
I fought the urge to roll my eyes. My eighteenth birthday had changed nothing for me. I was still treated like a child. My parents were quite old fashioned. I grabbed Keith’s hand and led him to the front door.
“I’ll be back, just walking him to his car.”
My mother stopped my father from following us. “Leave her alone.”
We stopped on the porch and waved to Chad and Brianna, who had just pulled away. The outside lights were on so there was not even a semblance of privacy. Keith tugged me to his car parked on the street in front of the house. It was under a large maple tree that shaded a part of our front yard.
“So… that was different.” He smiled and pulled me into a tight embrace. “Think your dad hates me.”
My lip turned up. “He doesn’t like any man that likes me.”
“Bet he’d hate this.”
He pressed his lips to mine and held the back of my neck. My eyes closed as his tongue slid past my teeth and the kiss deepened. He turned us, and I was against the driver’s side door.
“How about we go park somewhere and…” A hand moved over my ass.
I pushed him. “I can’t.” Every time he did that, I practically jumped out of my skin. I hoped that didn’t last forever.
He smirked and held me tighter. “But you want to.” He winked. “I want you.” His hips pushed into mine. “Really want you.”
My eyes opened wide. His erection rubbed my hip. Maybe Chad was right. Then his hand moved up my body. I jumped when he squeezed my breast.
“Hey.” On the verge of panic, I squirmed away from him. “I’m not that kinda girl.”
His shoulders slumped. “What kinda girl?”
“The kind that fucks you in your back seat.” I folded my arms over my chest. “I’m not gonna let you do that.” Nerves or not, I wasn’t like that.
He gave me his best smile. “I wouldn’t do that to you.” He came within inches of me. “I like you. I’m willing to wait.”
That was not as reassuring as he made it sound. “You’re gonna be waiting a while.”
“I’m OK with that.” He picked up my hand. “Just not forever.” His lips brushed over my forehead. “Bunny, you mean a lot to me. I wanna share everything with you.”
I had no idea what he meant by that and was afraid to ask. “I haveta go inside.” I stepped back, but he tugged me into his arms again.
“Another kiss goodbye?” His eyebrows rose, and he stuck out his bottom lip. “Please?”
I gave in and kissed his lips softly. He drew me closer, while he held my head again and searched out my tongue. A soft moan told me he was dying for more. He didn’t take it further. When he pulled back, I was speechless.
“Night, bunny.” He pecked my cheek and got into his car.
I watched him drive away, confused. Whether Chad was right or not, I still wanted to be with him. He made me feel different, more than all the boys I had dated before did. He made me want him. My body ached for his touch again, and my panties were wet with desire. He made me feel like Chad did, wanted and beautiful.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Our first night as openers for Killer Bite was in mid-May. It went better than expected. It was a small venue and only half-full, but we definitely gained fans. At that moment, we were at Chad’s place. Keith stood by as I put my guitar and other light items away. The show had ended earlier than I had expected, so I had time before my curfew.
Chad stood next to me as I loaded cables into a bin for safekeeping. “Still no more pain?”
“Nope.” I smiled at him. “That’s good. It means that was the pills too, right?”
He leaned his arm on mine. “I think so. Did you call Dr. Nickols?”
“Yes.” I looked down. “She said she found nothing that could help me.”
He ran the back of his fingers down my cheek. “I’m sorry, baby.”
“Where do you want this?” Daniel called to Chad. They both walked away.
When there was nothing left for me to do, I walked outside to Keith. The wind blew my leather coat open. I quickly buttoned it up and secured the belt. “I have some time.”
Keith grabbed my hand and rubbed it between his. “You’re cold.”
“It’s like 40 degrees out here.” It was unusually chilly that night. I felt the draft from the slashes in my jeans. “Do you wanna hang out at Chad’s for a while?”
He glanced at the guys, who still organized equipment. “Nah. I got a better idea. We can go to my new place.” He reached into his pocket. “Damn I forgot the key.” He checked his watch. “My roommate’s not home yet.” His eyes twinkled. “We’ll just go to my parent’s house.”
I didn’t know he had moved out. “OK. We can check out your place another day.” I was slightly relieved. Having his own place meant no parents to watch over us.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Fifteen minutes later, I looked up at the dark windows. His parents were usually there when I came over. I wasn’t sure I wanted to be alone with him. We had been together for about two months at that point. Maybe it was time?
“Is anyone home?”
Keith gave me an evil grin as he opened the door. “Nope. They’re in New York. Went to go see a play or something.” He pulled me in by the hand and locked the door behind us.
“You sure your parents won’t be upset about this?” I felt his excitement as I took off my coat and laid it on the couch.
He didn’t answer, just dumped his jacket as well. Then he led me upstairs. I didn’t protest. There was only one light on downstairs and none upstairs. I clutched his hand tighter, terrified of the dark.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” He stopped halfway up.
I pulled him back a bit. “It’s dark.”
“No one’s here. It’s OK.” He picked up my other hand and came down to me. “Are you scared?”
With my eyes opened wide, I leaned into him. “I don’t like the dark.”
“I’m right here.” He let my hands go and held me close. “I’ll put a light on as soon as we get upstairs.” He kept an arm around my waist and walked up slowly. “I got you.” As promised, he flicked the light switch at the top of the stairs.
As I exhaled with relief, I glanced around. There were rooms in every direction. He tugged me to the right. When the light came on in his room, I noticed the poster-covered walls. There were muscle cars, bikini clad women and a few bands. His full-size bed was in the middle, surrounded by simple furniture. It looked like he hadn’t moved everything yet.
“So, what d’ ya think?” He let me go and sat on the bed. “All this stuff’ll be at my new place next week.”
I bit my lip and wondered how far he wanted us to go. Nothing but kissing and a little groping had happened so far. “Um, it’s cool.” I touched the poster of Gasoline. Tommy Fischer was shirtless which showed off his tattoos, as well as his biceps and six-pack. Damn, he’s hot. I glanced at Keith. He really did resemble Tommy.
“Come here.” He took my hand and pulled me to stand between his open legs. “Take off your shoes. Please?” I did as he asked and came down several inches because of it. “We have the place to ourselves. We can’t waste it.” His hand moved to the back of my neck while he reached up to kiss me.
I went with it, since I remembered how understanding he was most of the time. My fingers slid over the hoops that ran up his left ear. When he grabbed my ass, I pushed him and took a step back. “I’m not ready.”
“Sorry.” He stood up and held his hand out. “Come back here. Please.” The sad puppy face was one that he knew I could never resist.
After a deep breath, I moved toward him. “Slow. OK?”
“Yeah, I understand.” His eyes roamed over my body. “I didn’t mean to rush you. You just drive me crazy.”
I glanced down at his pants. The outline of his erection made me a little nervous. I had not told him I was a virgin. However, I thought he knew, since he was usually so cautious with me. It was something I didn’t advertise.
“I don’t mean to. Sorry.” I felt a bit guilty that I had turned him on.
He grinned. “Don’t be sorry.” He set his hands on my waist. “You’re just a sexy woman.” His eyes filled with desire as he looked down at me. “I was just hoping we could do a bit more tonight.” He bent down to me and whispered, “Maybe a bit of touching?” His lips brushed along my ear. “We’ve been together a while now.” His tongue ran down the edge to my lobe.
I grabbed the waistband of his pants. His touch made me tremble, like Chad’s did. When he sucked on my earlobe, I gasped. He trailed kisses down my neck and back up to my ear again.
“How about I just hold your ass?” His hands inched down my lower back.
I didn’t stop him, finally ready to go a step further. In seconds, he held a cheek in each hand and pressed my body against his. With slightly bent knees, he ground his cock into my mound. I was speechless.
“Feel that?” he whispered. “That's what you do to me.” He tugged me harder against him.
Startled, I looked up. Our eyes met just before he kissed me again. My entire core tingled and moisture pooled. I knew what that meant and hoped he didn’t notice.
With his next kiss, his tongue slid over mine. He moved one hand to the back of my head and deepened the kiss. With a groan, he circled my tongue over and over. Then suddenly, he pulled back. With a grin, he deftly pulled my top off.
My eyes widened. “Um-”
“I’ve felt them before.” He covered my right breast with a hand. “It’s not sex.” He nudged me until my leg hit the side of the bed. “Lay down. I wanna feel you under me.”
A bit naïve, I only hesitated for a few seconds. Once on my back, he removed his shirt and laid on top of me. He forced a knee between my thighs and spread them enough to settle his hips between them.
“Relax.”
That was easier said than done. I felt like he had coerced me into doing what he wanted. However, when his mouth crashed onto mine again, I sighed. While mesmerized by his kisses, I didn’t feel a hand slide up my body. Then he popped my bra open.
I grabbed his shoulders and pushed him back a little. “No. We can’t have sex.”
“We won’t.” His lips moved along my jaw. “I just wanna touch you. Promise.”
I watched as he moved down the bed a few inches. Then he stared at me as he licked my right nipple. He winked then teased it with his tongue. My entire body trembled with need. Next, with a fingertip, he played with the other one.
“You like this.” His wicked grin showed his pleasure. “How about this?”
My back arched as he sucked my right nipple into his mouth. I pressed against him involuntarily. “Ay!” He pinched my other nipple as he sucked even harder. I was shocked how good it felt. “Keith, God!”
He pulled back and smiled. “Nice.” Then he switched, sucking on my left nipple while he tweaked the other for a while. “Want you,” he breathed and crawled up my body. He kissed my lips a few times.
I held his arms as he laid on me again. His cock pushed into the crotch of my jeans. My hands shook from both desire and fear. I wasn’t sure if I wanted to refuse him anymore. Although, it didn’t feel right yet.
“Don’t leave me like this. Please,” Keith begged. His hand went between us as we continued to kiss. I heard his zipper open and knew what he had done. “I know you want me.” Then he unbuttoned my jeans.
“Stop.” I shoved him as hard as I could. “No!”
He got to his knees, cock fully exposed. “I’m sorry. I thought you were playing hard to get.” He made no attempt to cover up.
I gawked at his erection. It was smaller than I imagined Chad’s would be, but not as small as some I had seen in pictures. It was about six inches long, but wider than I had expected. Unsure, I sat up as well and backed up a bit.
“I’m not playing.” No matter what I did, I couldn’t tear my eyes from his dick.
He moved a little closer and put his fingers in my hair. “How about just kissing?” When I didn’t react, his lips brushed mine a few times. “No penetration, OK?”
I nodded, glad he finally understood. “OK.”
His hand went to the back of my head, and he started to push it down. “My dick needs some kissing, too.”
“No.” I struggled to pull away. “I’m serious!”
He let go. “OK. OK.” He took a deep breath. “Sorry.” He waited for me to look up. “Will you touch me at least?” He lifted my hand. “No sex, no blowjob, just touching, really.” Swiftly, he placed my palm against his throbbing shaft. Then he curled my fingers around it. “I’m hurting, bunny. Please.”
I let him move my hand up and down his cock a few times. Every time my fingers bumped over the head, he gasped. We went faster together, and I saw his entire body stiffen. I had never seen a man get off before, so I was curious.
When he let my hand go and gripped the side of the bed, I didn’t stop. I jerked him faster, which urged a bit of fluid out. His soft moans encouraged me even more. His expression continually changed, and his dick got harder and harder. After a few minutes, I noticed he had begun to pant. Then his head went back a bit.
“Crystal… damn, Crystal.” He put his hand over mine again and forced me to speed up. “Almost… so… close…” Then he gasped and tilted our hands toward me.
I screamed in shock when semen splashed all over my breasts. The last bit oozed over our combined fingers. I yanked my hand away and stared at the sticky mess. I had no idea what to do.
“Wow! I’m so sorry.” Keith jumped up and raced out of the room. He returned with a hand towel. “That was so fucking hot, though.” He cleaned me up then led me to the bathroom. “Are you mad?”
I looked up at him. “Not really. That was interesting.”
His brows narrowed. “You never watched a guy cum before?”
“No,” I admitted softly. Nervous, I pursed my lips and decided not to say any more. “I’ll be done in a few.”
After I closed the door, I leaned on it. I looked down at my bare breasts, which still felt sticky. He did give me a chance to stop, but I had continued. It had been my choice to finish him off. Although I didn’t expect him to cum all over me. He looked relieved at least. With a smile, I washed up as best I could and put my bra back on.
“You OK?” Keith called through the door.
I opened it when I was dressed. “Yeah, just had to clean up a bit more. It’s getting late.” It was close to my curfew.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

When we got to my house, I kissed him goodnight and went inside. My dad had the television on. Mom had obviously already gone to bed.
“Do you mind if I go to Chad’s for a few?” A bit confused by what happened, I wanted talk to him. Well, maybe not tell him what had gone down but I needed to ask him a few questions.
My father smiled. “Don’t be too late.”
“I won’t.” I walked out the front door and paused on the porch. Then I pulled my phone out of my purse and called him. I started to walk the few feet to his house.
He answered quickly. “Baby, you OK?”
“Yeah.” I bit my lip. It was a nervous habit of mine that I couldn’t control. “Can I come up?”
I could hear him moving on the bed. “Sure. Let me come downstairs.”
Seconds later, wearing a t-shirt and pajama pants, he ushered me inside. Just before I spoke, he put a finger to my lips. “Ssh, my parents are asleep.” Quietly, we walked upstairs to his room. Once the door had closed, he pulled me into his arms and whispered, “Something wrong?”
“No.” I took a few deep breaths, to try to relax since I didn’t want him to read me like he usually did. As I laid my head on his chest, I wondered if Chad would like me to do that to him. Wait a minute. What the fuck am I thinking? “I just wanted to ask you something.”
He stepped back. “Sure.” We sat down on his bed, and I looked at my hands. “Tell me you didn’t fuck him.”
“I didn’t.” I couldn’t look at him. His eyes were on me, so I closed mine. “I just wanna ask about…” I bit my lip, even more nervous.
An arm went over my shoulders. “Hey, you can ask me anything, baby.” He kissed my forehead. “Is it something Keith said?” He paused. “Or did?” His voice deepened with that question.
“Not exactly.” Then I blurted out, “Does it feel better when someone else jerks you off, or is it like you doing it?” He was silent. I turned and found his mouth agape in shock. “Forget it. You don’t haveta answer.” I stood up and hugged myself. Damn. I shoulda kept my mouth shut.
“Don’t leave.” Chad was behind me. His arms circled my shoulders and neck. “I just… You never… That kinda came outta left field. You never asked what gets me off.”
I felt movement in his pants and hoped he didn’t think I had offered up my services. “I didn’t really mean it like that.”
“Oh.” He sounded woefully disappointed. “You mean in general, for a guy?”
I nodded. “I can’t call one of my brothers and ask. I’m sorry.”
“It’s fine.” He breathed deeply a few times. “It’s very different. I don’t know why. Maybe it’s the visual effect? It’ll definitely make a guy cum harder if a girl’s jacking him.” He leaned his chin on the top of my head. “What made you ask?”
Of course he asked. I mulled over what to say without lying. “I was curious.”
“Do you want me to show you the difference?”
My entire body tensed. Although I wanted him something awful sometimes, I didn’t want to start something I knew we shouldn’t. “I can’t do that to you.”
He laughed softly. “No. I know that. I mean… I can play you some videos or something.” He hesitated. “I have a bunch of porn.”
“Um, nah, not a good idea.”
He nodded which shook my head as well. “How about we just forget it and watch a movie?” He stood straight and turned me around. “Sound good?”
“Yeah.”
He sat on his bed, back against the headboard. “Come here. Sit with me.” After he grabbed the remote, he pressed a few buttons and got the guide up so we could choose what to watch.
I crawled up beside him. After his arm wrapped around my back, I settled my head on his shoulder. “Don’t let me fall asleep.”
He kissed the top of my head. “Don’t worry. I don’t want Pop murdering me while you sleep next to me.” He shifted his position, subtly put a hand over his dick then into his pants.
I watched him adjust his growing cock to run down his thigh. It twitched when he let go. I checked if he noticed my line of sight. He just stared at the television. My eyes wandered over his body and then back to his crotch. Suddenly, his thigh muscles tensed, and he squeezed my shoulder slightly.
When I looked up, I could see he was uncomfortable. “You OK?” I reached up and touched his face.
“Fine.” He grimaced. “Look. Harry Potter’s on.” He chose that channel. The movie was about to begin.
I let my hand graze his thigh, and he jumped. “You sure you’re OK?” My eyes drifted over his pants again. His cock continued to grow.
“Maybe a little stressed.” He took a deep breath. “Glad you came over.” He pulled me closer.
I rubbed his thigh, inches from his shaft. “Do you want me to massage your back? I don’t mind.”
“I’d love that, baby.”
He let his arm fall then tugged his t-shirt off. When he laid on his stomach, I got to my knees next to him. Chad loved when I touched him in any way. I wanted him to anticipate it. For a few seconds, I admired the milky skin over his hard-earned muscles. He wasn’t bulky, just well defined.
Then I bit my lower lip as I admired the tattoo that covered much of his back. After two sessions, it was only half-done. I traced the eagle slowly and heard a quiet groan. The lines were perfect. I was afraid to ask how much it had hurt.
Like many other things, I feared needles, so I was terrified to get a tattoo. I hadn’t even been able to watch when Chad had gotten any of his. Since his looked so incredible, I really wanted one. Maybe one day I’ll get over it.
Since he had turned eighteen, he had gotten several tattoos. He had Wolverine on his right calf and Superman on the left one. I slid my fingers around part of the tribal band on his right bicep. Like all the others, it suited him.
I slowly ran a hand from his shoulder to his waist. Sure he enjoyed it, I dragged my nails lightly down his entire back twice. His hips shifted, and I grinned. It might be only a tease, but it drove me crazy to watch him squirm.
“Ah, yeah,” he mumbled when I started to knead his lower back.
He was tense. Every muscle was tight. Slowly, I rubbed and massaged until each area seemed to give. He moaned and groaned in pleasure. Shockingly, that made me wet. I rubbed my thighs together, since I couldn’t touch myself. Masturbation was something I only did occasionally. For some reason, I couldn’t seem to do much more than make myself even more frustrated.
Chad could probably do it right. I shook my head. Stop thinking of him like that! His body in my hands always drove my thoughts into the gutter. I had imagined him making love to me more than once.
“Baby…” His back arched when I got to his shoulders. “Ah, God. That feels good.” His hips began to rock.
I glanced up and saw he had gripped the end of the mattress. One of my hands moved to his neck. His whole body shuddered when my pinky nail grazed just under his ear. Then I realized why. He sounded like Keith had earlier. I smirked, wanting to give him even more pleasure. As I rubbed his neck, I made sure to lean down and breathe into his ear. After almost a minute, he jumped off the bed and fled the room.
While I sat back on my heels, I stared at the open door. When he reappeared, he looked at me and blushed. My eyes roamed over his body. He had lost his erection, and his breath was erratic. That meant… Oh, wow. He jerked off in the bathroom? I wondered if he thought of me as he did it.
“Sorry. I really had to pee.” Chad glanced at the television.
I didn’t want to embarrass him anymore, so I sat against the headboard again and pretended I knew nothing. “Watch the rest with me.”
He took a deep breath, closed the door and settled in next to me. “Thanks. I needed that.” He lifted my hand and squeezed slightly.

CHAPTER NINE

The Friday that the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie came out, Keith rang the doorbell just before seven. I came downstairs as my father opened the door. He looked Keith over then turned and looked me over. I was in a skirt and tank top. My father’s glare told me he wanted me to wear more clothes. Since Chad had told him indirectly that I was still a virgin, he had eased up about my wardrobe, orally at least.
“Hey, you made it on time!” I pranced over to Keith and hugged him.
He laid a hand on my waist but nothing more. “I told my boss I had somethin’ special to do.” He smiled, and his eyes twinkled. “Chad meeting us there?”
“No. He and Brianna are next door. They wanna ride with us if you don’t mind.” I was almost sure Chad planned to keep an eye on Keith. “Dad, we’re leaving. See you later.”
My father folded his arms over his chest. He was still leery of Keith. “Midnight, got it?”
“I’m eighteen. Why do I have a curfew?”
“Because this is my house. Midnight.”
I exhaled loudly. It was earlier than usual which made no sense. “OK. Fine.” I hated that I was treated like a child.
College looked better and better every day, since I might stay in the dorms. It hadn’t been easy, but I had convinced my parents it was better for me. They’d made me a deal. If I made the Dean’s List, I could stay in the dorms. I had studied and worked my ass off all year to make it happen.
After we waved goodbye, we walked to Chad’s, hand in hand. He and Brianna stood in the open door about to leave.
“Hey, we were just about to head over to you.” Chad smiled at me and nodded at Keith. “So we're all set?”
Keith shrugged. “Guess so.” He led the way to his car, and we all piled in. “Where we eatin’?”
“Mario’s across from the theater.” Chad leaned on my seat. “Baby, can you move up a bit?”
I turned. “If you wanna switch, I don’t care.”
Keith sighed and closed his eyes. “That seat don’t move. It's stuck.”
Chad and I got out and switched. I settled in next to Brianna and smiled. The first thing I noticed was the new earrings she wore. They look like real gold. I hoped Chad didn’t buy them. Her designer jeans made me want to shake my head. I never understood why women spent so much money on clothes. She also had a Coach purse on her lap. Even her shoes looked expensive. Wow, she’s high maintenance.
“What time’s the movie?” I asked as I tried to ignore Brianna fussing about the ratty upholstery.
As he buckled his seatbelt, Chad replied, “Eight-thirty. I bought the tickets earlier.”
“Really?” Keith started the car. “How much do I owe you for us?”
Chad leaned back and waved a hand. “I got it. Don’t worry about it.” Then he turned to look at us in the back. “Natalie’s meeting us there with Paulie.”
Paulie was our friend Natalie’s older cousin from Long Island. She talked about him a lot. She was from Long Island, but her family had moved to New Jersey at the beginning of the school year. We had never met him. It was a great surprise.
“Cool!” I jumped in my seat. “I wonder if he’s as funny as she says.”
Brianna shifted and reached out to Chad. “After, are we going out to that club?”
I heard Chad’s slight reaction. He didn’t want to go. Brianna liked dance clubs. Chad avoided them like the plague. The only time he danced was at weddings. He had rhythm but hesitated. Throughout high school, I had caught him watching me dance in my room. Sometimes, I wondered if he wanted to learn.
“Can’t we go somewhere I’d like?” Chad almost whined.
Keith let out a short laugh. “It don’t work like that, dude.”
“You don’t like Johnny Depp?” I worried he had come only because I wanted to.
“I didn’t mean that.” Keith tapped the steering wheel. “But… if you wanted to go somewhere and I didn’t like it, I’d probably go anyway to make you happy.” He looked to Chad. “If they’re not happy we don’t get any.”
Chad growled, “Shut up before you make me do something stupid.”
“Hey! Wait.” Keith became visibly nervous. “I haven’t fucked her. I swear.” His knuckles turned white as he gripped the wheel tightly. “It was just a joke.”
Still furious, Chad was silent. I leaned forward, slid my hands over his shoulders, then down to his chest. “Please let it go. We haven’t. He’s just playing around.”
Chad clutched my hands in his and breathed deeply. “Sorry,” he whispered. “I’m trying. I really am.”
I moved until my mouth was at his ear. “I know. He’s not like that.”
He didn’t know Keith had tried to get me to go further every night we had a minute alone. I couldn’t tell him that. He would say he was right and Keith only wanted one thing. I couldn’t imagine why a man would wait months for sex and not want anything more. We had fun together. It had to be more.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Chad had managed to relax by the time Keith had parked near Mario’s. He opened my door for me and helped me out. I stood and looked over the car. Keith was doing the same for Brianna. She smiled at him, and he gave her a strange look as he held her hand. His eyes showed desire. I shook my head, and the expression was gone. Maybe I imagined it.
Keith hurried around the car and took my hand. “I loved the last movie more than the first. Can’t wait to see what they’ll do in this one.” He squeezed my hand, genuinely excited.
Chad draped his arm over Brianna’s shoulders and headed to Mario’s, with us on their heels. We frequented that pizza parlor often. When we had stepped inside, I heard Natalie’s laughter. She and Paulie sat at a table on the right side.
“Hey, you must be Paulie.” Chad extended his hand. “I’m Chad. This is Brianna.” He gestured to her. “This is Crystal and Keith.” He waved a hand in our direction.
Paulie stood. “Nice to meet you guys.” He grabbed two more chairs from the table next to theirs. “Sit. Sit. I was tellin’ her about this guy I know back in Huntington. He’s an awesome drummer but give him one too many Jägermeisters and he can’t play for shit. We were at this bar one night, and he was chuggin’ ’em. I knew he was gonna blow it for us. We started playing ‘Crazy Train.’ Halfway through the song, he was playing ‘Paranoid.’ I still have no idea why.”
I laughed. “That’s crazy.”
“Yeah, he’s a trip sometimes.” Paulie sat and leaned his chair back. “Hard to find musicians who’re sober. Well, at least over my way.”
Chad settled down, arm over the back of Brianna’s chair. “What d’ ya play?”
“Guitar, keyboards, drums, violin.” Paulie shrugged. “Just about anything.”
My eyebrows rose. That was impressive. “Cool.” Natalie had neglected to tell me he was cute. She probably didn’t look at him that way. “So, do you go to school, too?”
“Nah, I graduated high school two years ago.” Paulie smiled. “Now I just work and play guitar most of the time. Kinda gettin’ sick of my bandmates, though. Doubt they’ll ever grow up.”
Natalie cleared her throat. “How about we talk about something the rest of us are interested in. Like-”
“Here you go.” A man in a white apron around his waist set a pizza on the table. “Need anything else?”
Chad stood. “Yeah, I’ll get drinks and shit.” He came back minutes later with two pitchers of soda and plastic cups. “I ordered a calzone and a stromboli. Anybody want anything else?”
“Sit, Chad.” Paulie waved at the pizza with the paper plates he held. “I got this to share.”
We ate, drank and talked for a while. I glanced over at Paulie a few times. He and Natalie had more in common than their last name, Capacette. He resembled her a bit. She was a beautiful girl. He had the same olive complexion, dark hair and eyes. He dressed plainly, jeans, Alice in Chains t-shirt and sneakers. What surprised me most about him was that he didn’t look at my chest when he spoke to me. He met my eyes. I liked that.
“So, how long you stayin’?” Keith asked Paulie.
Paulie shrugged. His shoulder length hair moved with his body. “It’s supposed to be for just a week, but I like it here. It’s different than home, and I need a change.” He took a drink of soda. “I might just go back home and pack my stuff. Would be cool to hang out with you guys again. I can always find another band to play with.”
“True.” Chad wiped grease from his mouth. “There’s a lotta bands out this way. We just got this cool gig opening for a band called Killer Bite. It’s nice not having to do parties anymore.”
I bounced in my seat. “We play tomorrow. You could come see if you want.”
“I just might.” Paulie turned to Natalie. “No boyfriend? What happened to that Justin guy?”
Natalie frowned. “I don’t know. He was kinda boring. I date sometimes.” She had a habit of jumping from guy to guy. “Nobody worth keeping yet.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Soon after we were done, we walked over to the theater. Chad pulled out the tickets and handed a set to Keith and Paulie. They both pulled out their wallets.
Chad shook his head as he waved a hand. “I wouldn’t’ve bought ’em if I expected to get paid back.” He placed a hand on the small of Brianna’s back and directed her inside. “I wanna get good seats.”
Once we were settled in our seats, I relaxed. Keith was on my left with Chad on his other side and Paulie to my right. I held my bare knees. Suddenly, I wished I had worn pantyhose. It was hot outside, so I didn’t want them to annoy me. I felt a bit exposed.
“Hey.” Keith put a hand over one of mine. “You OK?”
I nodded. “Just a bit cold.” It was better than the truth.
He stood up. “I got a hoodie in the car. I’ll go get it.”
“You don’t have to.” I grabbed his hand. “I’ll be fine.”
Keith glanced around. “I’ll get popcorn, too. We still got like twenty minutes.” He was gone in seconds.
“Where’s he going?” Chad pointed a thumb toward the exit.
I smiled. “To get me a jacket and some popcorn.”
“OK, cool.” Chad sat back again. “I should go get drinks then.”
Paulie stood up. “I’ll go with you.”
The girls and I sat quietly as music played. I was glad we had all gone together. Opening night was normally crowded, and the theater filled up fast. It was a good thing we had gotten there early. Chatter around us quieted down when the room darkened. I checked behind me to see if the guys were back, but there was no sign of them.
After the first preview, Keith sat next to me. “Chad and Paulie are next in line. They didn’t want me to wait.” He laid his hoodie on my legs. “Now you’ll be warm.” The right side of his mouth turned up.
Chad and Paulie came back just as the third trailer started. “Way too many people here,” Chad commented as he sat next to Keith again. He passed out drinks while Paulie handed over popcorn.
“At least you didn’t miss anything.” Brianna clutched Chad’s arm and snuggled closer to him.
I turned the other way. Natalie and Paulie’s eyes were glued to the screen. I smiled and sat back. Everyone actually wanted to see the movie.
When the movie had been playing for a while, there was a scene where everything got very dark. A hand grazed my leg under the hoodie. “Scared?” Keith whispered as he caressed my thigh. His arm around my shoulders pulled me closer. “I’m right here.”
My eyes opened wide when his fingers drifted up my leg. Then he started to pull at my panties. “Stop.” I said as quiet as I could. Then I put a hand over his.
“No one can see.” His lips brushed my ear.
I held my legs closed as he inched a finger under the edge of my panties. “No. Please.” My body shook and tensed at the same time. Why isn’t he listening?
Paulie leaned close to me and grabbed Keith’s arm. Then he growled softly, “She said no, asshole. Cut the shit.”
Keith quickly pulled away and glanced over at Chad. Lucky for him, Chad was too involved in the movie. Keith touched his head to mine lightly. “Sorry.”
“Don’t let me catch you touching her again,” Paulie warned. He lifted my shaky hand. “You a’right?”
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. “Yeah, thanks. I’m fine.”
When Paulie let my hand go, Keith took it in his. “I thought you wanted the hoodie so I could play with you. When you gonna let me show you how good I am with my fingers?”
“I dunno.”
I looked up at the screen and tried to forget yet another of Keith’s stunts. He continually tried to get me to do something by ignoring my protests. That time it was something to give me pleasure, but I wasn’t ready to tell him I was a virgin. I wondered if he would back off if I told him. Doubt it.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

After the movie, we all ended up in Chad’s garage. Paulie looked at my guitar that was in its stand. He nodded at me. “Can I play her?”
I let out a short laugh, glad I had left it out. “Sure.”
Paulie put it on and ran a hand over the body. “Can I adjust the strap?”
“Go ahead.” I smiled.
Chad came over to him with a cable he had plugged into an amp with the volume set to low. “Show us your stuff.”
I pulled out a folding chair and sat. Brianna stood a few feet away. She looked bored and annoyed. Keith dragged a chair over and sat next to me. He offered his hand, and I clasped it in mine. Since Paulie had called him out, he had been quiet.
Paulie started to play Avenged Sevenfold’s “Bat Country,” assuming Synyster Gates’ role. Chad plugged his guitar in and played with him, as Zacky Vengeance. It was amazing how quickly they synchronized. I had admired the band’s guitar harmony on their last album and anticipated the next one due out soon. It was beyond impressive that Paulie and Chad pulled it off after they’d just met.
“Damn!” Chad shouted when it ended. “That was fucking amazing!”
Keith stood. “Yeah, that was.”
“You guys play so good together.” I got to my feet also. “Can you play another one?”
Brianna stamped her foot. “Take me home first. This sucks.”
Chad rolled his eyes. “Will you chill out, Brianna? Not everything’s about you.” He turned his back to her and nodded at Paulie. “You down for another one?”
“Hell yeah!”
When he stared at the ceiling, I knew Chad was trying to think of a good one. When he looked down, he smiled. “Do you know Gasoline’s ‘Can't Take Any More?’” It was from their last album.
“Are you kidding?” Paulie’s eyes widened. “You into them, too?”
I put my hands together. “Oh God. Tommy’s so hot!”
Paulie laughed. “That all you like about them?”
“No.” I blushed. “He’s just icing on the cake. They’re from around here.”
Keith groaned quietly, but I heard it. I glanced at him. He walked over to Brianna and Natalie. It looked like all of them were bored.
“You ever meet them?” Paulie glanced over at Natalie.
Chad sighed. “I wish we had. I do know where Jon Harris lives, but I don’t wanna be all stalker and check it out.”
“Hey, Nat,” Paulie called to her. “What’s up?”
I turned and saw her say something to Keith and Brianna. “Something wrong?”
Natalie looked up at us. “Uh, no. I think we should take Brianna home.”
“Why? I wanna hang out.” Paulie rolled his eyes. “Is she throwing a hissy fit?” He obviously knew her type.
Brianna put her hands on her hips. “I am not.”
Keith came over to me. “It’s getting late anyway. I’ll take her home.” He palmed my cheek. “Do you mind? She’s really bored.”
“Um, I guess not.” I looked to Chad who shrugged. “You don’t want to do something after this?”
He cocked an eyebrow and bent down to me. “Like what?” he softly asked. His voice dripped with desire.
“Not that.” I exhaled loudly. “I mean like go for a walk or just hang out.”
He pulled back. “Oh. Well, I gotta work in the morning, so not a good idea.” He looked back at Brianna and seemed to look her over. “I’ll call you when I get off work.”
“O—K.” I glanced over at Brianna, who bit her lip. Why is she acting so weird? I shook it off because she annoyed me at times. “Drive carefully.”
He smirked. “Oh, I will.” He kissed my lips quickly. “See ya tomorrow.” Then he walked to Brianna. “Ready?” Brianna smiled and followed him to his car.
When they were gone, I pulled Chad’s extra guitar out and donned the strap. “How about we play a few more?”
“Have you heard of Lamb of God?” Paulie laughed when Chad and I both were confused. “I meant the metal band. They got some sick guitar riffs.” He closed his eyes and started to play.
I recalled the name, but I couldn’t be sure if I had heard their music. Paulie was so talented. I watched his fingers. He was almost as good as Chad. When Chad began to play with him again, I was floored. They definitely had a connection. It was different from the one he and I had. We played well together, but what I witnessed that day was unique.
Next, Chad played a riff from Slipknot’s “Pulse of the Maggots.” He looked to Paulie to see if he knew what song it was. The grin Paulie gave him told us all we needed to know. I wished Daniel were there. The drums on that song were key. Chad started from the beginning. Paulie and I were right with him. The three of us played the song as if we had done it hundreds of times before.
“Damn, I hope you move here.” Chad put his guitar on a stand. “Man, you can play with us anytime.”
Paulie took my guitar off and set it in its case. “Too bad you don’t need another guitarist.” His gaze set on Natalie. “You wanna go home, don’t you?”
“Yeah.” Natalie yawned.
Chad put both of his guitars away. “Don’t go back home without stopping by again.” He put his hand out.
“I’ll be back.” Paulie shook Chad’s hand then gave me a gentle hug. “Nice to meet you guys.” He pulled his phone out. “Hey, Chad. Gimme your number.”
Chad took Paulie’s phone and sent himself a text. Then he replied to it. “Faster that way.” When Paulie and Natalie were gone, Chad and I put the chairs and cables away. Then he came to me. “Baby?” He gently squeezed my shoulders. “Did you notice something weird between Keith and Brianna?”
“Yeah.” I looked up at him. “They rarely talked before today.”
He kissed the top of my head. “I thought it was just me.”
“Nope. I didn’t know what to make of it.”
“Me neither.” Chad stepped back. “Come on. I’m sure Pop’s waiting up for you.”
We went outside and Chad closed the garage. My house looked dark. It was just before midnight, so I expected my father to be on the couch. I unlocked the door and stepped inside. He had gone to bed. I was confused, especially after the big fuss about being home at midnight.
“Maybe he set the curfew because of Keith.” Chad stepped inside and closed the door. “Isn’t it usually one o’clock?”
I shrugged. “Yeah.” Chad made sense. “Guess he hates Keith.”
“Baby,” Chad whispered. “Can I ask you a favor?” His voice was a bit hesitant.
I waited for him to continue, but he didn’t. “You need something?”
“Kinda.” He looked away for a few seconds. “Can you… Can you teach me to dance?”
I smiled. “Is that why you didn’t want to take Brianna to that club she likes?”
He exhaled loudly. “I feel so awkward there. I hate that music, but if I knew how to dance at least, it wouldn’t be so annoying.” He picked up my hand. “Sorry, if this is weird for you.”
“No. It’s cool.” I tugged him to the stairs. “Come on.” My parent’s bedroom was on the first floor, so the music normally didn’t filter down to them.
Quietly, we walked up to my room. With my brothers gone, I had the second floor to myself most of the time. Chad sat in the computer chair as I turned on the stereo. With the volume low, I searched for a radio station that played dance music. When I found one, I turned it up a bit and moved over to Chad.
“You know how to slow dance.” I put a hand on his shoulder.
He looked up. “I guess.”
“At your cousin’s wedding, we danced.” I cocked an eyebrow. “Forgot?”
“No.” He stood up. “You just move so much better than I do.”
I tugged on his hands. “Not for long.”
Chad stood and put his arms around me. “It’d be easier if you were wearing heels.” He looked down at me just as I glanced up. “Just saying. I’m kinda tall.”
“True.” I went to my closet and slipped on my highest heels. When I came back to him, my head almost came to his shoulder. “Better?”
He grinned. “Yep.” His arms wrapped around me again. “I like how tiny you are, but dancing is complicated enough.”
“You’ll do fine.”
Chad was stiff and very nervous.
“Close your eyes,” I insisted. When he had, I ran my hands down his back and to his hips. “Feel the beat and move with it.” I smiled when he started to relax. “That’s it, just let the music guide your body.”
When he seemed to let it flow, I stepped back and shimmied my hips as I moved down his body. My eyes met his crotch, and my breath caught. Why does he turn me on? I watched his pants expand for a minute. Then I stood slowly and tried to hide my reaction to him. Moisture pooled between my legs, and my heart beat faster. I ignored it and pressed my body to his.
“Move with me.” My tone was sultry.
Chad’s hands ran down my arms. “Fuck, baby. Don’t think I can handle this.” He groaned when I grabbed his ass and made his hips move.
“Just try, Chad. You asked me to teach you.”
He sighed. “Yeah. I know. But it feels like… God I want you, baby girl.”
I blushed. Guilt filled me. “Sorry.” My pussy clenched. How do I show him without turning into a puddle of need? I wanted him more than I ever had. “How about you turn me then.” I took his hand in mine and held it over my head.
It took a few tries, but soon enough he spun me and pulled me back several times. When he tugged me harder and I smacked into his chest, I closed my eyes. His stiff dick pressed into my belly. I was almost sure I couldn’t take anymore without stepping over the line.
“I can’t.” Chad backed up. “Baby…” He turned away from me. “I need to calm down first.” He put his hands on my computer desk and leaned over. “I’m sorry. It felt too good.”
I sat on my bed and watched him. He breathed deeply and stared at the keyboard in front of him. I had the urge to hold him. However, I fought it. In my state of mind, I’d give into anything he wanted to do.
I glanced out my window at Chad’s house. His room was maybe twenty feet away. My eyes closed, and I imagined him holding me close as he took my virginity. I had no idea what that would truly feel like, but my fantasy did not include pain.
Hands on my bare thighs made me jump. I opened my eyes. Chad knelt before me. “I’m sorry I let it get to me.” One hand moved to my face. “It’s just hard to feel your body like that and not be able to…” His eyes drifted down. “I do wanna learn, though.”
“Maybe we’ll try another day.” I wanted to kiss him. His lips were so close. “Um, maybe if you let Brianna…” I couldn’t say it. Although I knew if he had already had sex, he would be less apt to become overheated.
He put his fingers over my lips. “No. Don’t talk about her.” He suddenly laid his head in my lap. “Not when it’s just you and me.”
I closed my legs as much as I could and hoped he couldn’t smell my desire. “OK.” I raked my fingers through his hair. “You OK?”
“I will be.”

CHAPTER TEN

“This is so exciting!” I grabbed Chad’s bicep as we sat at a table.
It was mid-June, and we had opened for Killer Bite for the past two months. The music that came from the speakers at The Devil’s Fire was low enough to hear each other. That was only because the show had not started yet. We had never played in a place so large or so popular.
Chad rubbed my fingers. “I know. I can’t believe we’re opening for Hell Hounds.” Killer Bite went on before them, so technically we were to open for them both.
Keith pulled me back toward him. “You guys’re gonna kick some ass.”
“We will.” I turned to him and met his lips as he leaned down.
“Chad, do we have to stay back here when you guys go on?” Brianna asked him.
I looked up to see Chad drape an arm over her shoulders. “Phil got a good spot for you two next to the stage.” Brianna rubbed her fingers over his smooth cheek, obviously glad he had finally given up the beard. “You like, huh?”
“Yeah.” She licked her lips. “Feels much better when you-”
“Hey,” Daniel said from behind us. “Jay busted a string. Phil can’t find the extras. You guys got any?”
Chad turned toward him. “I put them in the silver case. Did they say when we’re going on?”
“Eight o’clock sharp, so fifteen minutes,” Daniel replied. “You guys can get all lovey-dovey after. We need the help.”
Chad stood up. “I don’t want Crystal lifting stuff.”
“I’m not helpless,” I countered.
He frowned. “We can handle it. Besides, I like your pretty nails just the way they are.” He grinned widely.
I bit my lip, since I knew what he meant. The night in his room the month before played in my head. My nails gave him more pleasure than he admitted.
When Chad was gone, Brianna sighed as she watched him. “He’s just so damn hot!”
“Yeah,” I whispered, while I watched his ass. His jeans hugged it just right.
Keith pulled me onto his lap. “What d’ you mean yeah?”
“Oh, um… I was just…” I looked at him. Guilt came over me. “I was just agreeing. Girls do that.”
He kissed my lips softly. “OK. So, what we doing after your set? We staying or going home?”
“I wanna see Hell Hounds.” I ran a finger over his chest. “You don’t want me to miss them, do you?” His green eyes alone got me wet. I never admitted that to him.
He smirked. “I could think of something better to do with you.”
“Um, I’m not ready yet.”
I had thwarted Keith’s attempts for three months. He still had no idea I was a virgin. I almost felt embarrassed that I was eighteen and still had not had sex.
He moved his hands under my short, flared skirt and grabbed my ass. “You need to tell me why. Just saying no over and over is getting frustrating. You don’t want me?”
“I do,” I assured him as I caressed his cheek. “I’m just not so sure we should.”
His hands on my skin felt like electricity. I wanted him all the time at that point but feared the actual act. If he knew how wet and swollen I was at that moment, he would probably use that to pressure me more.
One hand moved up my side. Then he rubbed my hardened nipple with his thumb while I moaned softly. He started to do it to the other one at the same time. I gasped as quietly as I could.
“You won’t even let me touch your pussy.” A finger traveled down the front of my body and into the waistband of my skirt. “Is there something I should know?”
My breathing came faster, and I felt like I was about to spiral out of control. I had never felt that way before, as if I had to have him, immediately. My core throbbed with need. I shifted my position and pushed against his hard-on.
Keith groaned. “Stop being a tease.”
“I’m not.” I breathed in his ear as I kissed his neck. “I do want you.”
He grabbed my ass again. “I’m getting blue balls from waiting so long.”
“Gotta go, guys.”
I looked up at Phil, who stood behind Keith. “Already?”
“Yeah, fuck later.”
I got up off Keith and stood next to him. “We weren’t fucking.”
“I know foreplay when I see it.” Phil’s eyebrows rose. “They got a back room you know.”
Keith wrapped his arms around me and squeezed me a bit. “So, we’ll finish this after, right?” He licked my ear. “I got a condom, so no worries.”
I closed my eyes, nervous. Can I go through with it? “We’ll see.” Maybe I should just tell him the truth, but what will he say?
“Don’t do that to me again. Please, bunny.” His hands slid down to my hips as he pushed his erection against me. “I need you.” He peered down at the cleavage my low-cut top showed off. “This sexy-ass outfit is killing me. I don’t know if I can hold back anymore. Please.”
I pulled away and followed Phil because I knew if Keith kept at it, I would give in. He sounded like he needed it badly. I heard footsteps behind me but didn’t look back. The last thing I needed was to be so distracted that I couldn’t play.
Once we got to the front, Phil took my hand. “Don’t want you to trip in those sexy heels.” He led me up the metal steps. “Maybe you should bend over a few times so us guys get a nice view of your ass.”
I hit him on the arm. “Why are you such a pervert?” Then I picked up my guitar and looked at him for an answer. “Well?”
“You’re a hot fucking chick. I’ll take any peek I can get. How about a kiss for luck?” He puckered his lips.
I pushed him back. “Give it up already.”
“You all set, baby?” Chad was so close to me, I felt his thigh on my ass cheek.
I exhaled loudly, to try to quell my desire for him. “Yeah.” Could I be transferring my yearning for Chad to Keith? I hoped not. That would be cruel.
I looked to my left. Keith and Brianna were next to the stage. He winked at me. That made me even more confused on what the right thing to do was. I was torn between Keith and Chad. I knew Chad wanted to be my first, but could I cheat on Keith to do it? That was a lot more than kissing.
When I glanced at Keith again, his arm was over Brianna’s shoulders, and he whispered in her ear. She giggled, and my mouth dropped. What the fuck? He looked up and smiled at me as his arm fell to his side. Then he blew me a kiss. I was so nervous that I could have read too much into it. Maybe he told her a joke.
I took a deep breath and looked out at the few people on the main floor. “I thought Paulie was coming.”
Chad shrugged when I turned to him. “He texted me like an hour ago that he got held up at home.”
“Oh.” I was disappointed. Paulie and I had talked several times in the few weeks he had been gone. He was an interesting guy. “I was hoping he made up his mind.”
His hand on my shoulder made my heart pound. “Not yet. I think he’s torn about leaving his band a man down.”
“Yeah. I can see that.” I wouldn’t do that to Reckless unless I had to. “Be cool if he moved here, though.”
Daniel started to beat a bass drum, and I took a deep breath. I didn’t look at the crowd at all as I played the first chords to “Why me?” By the middle of the song, I relaxed somewhat and looked up. There was a bunch of guys close to the front staring at me.
“Hey, baby. Show us your tits!” a man shouted.
I blushed and wished I had worn less revealing clothing.
“Who gets to fuck her after the show?” someone else yelled. It was nerve racking.
I soon sensed someone close to me. “Baby, ignore them and play your ass off.” Chad always knew what to say or do to ease my fears. “They’ll get over that you’re a girl.”
The next song was heavier, and Andy shouted more. When it came time for Chad’s solo, he smirked at me. We started to play the notes as one. It was something he and I had done for many years.
The attitude in the room changed. The nasty remarks and catcalls ceased. As the piece progressed, it became faster and more complicated. Cheers began. I started to smile, glad Chad had convinced me I was good enough to be in a band.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

After our last song, Keith came to me and swept me off my feet. I held onto his shoulders as he spun me around. When he put me down, he kissed me passionately.
“My dick’s so hard now, I think it’s gonna explode if you don’t let me fuck you.”
I looked into his eyes and saw the raging fire for me. “But-”
“Ssh, don’t.” He kissed my lips to silence me.
He lifted me again and carried me to the left of the stage. We entered the hallway where the bathrooms were. The last door opened up into a sparsely furnished lounge with a couch, a few chairs and a long table. He set me down on the couch after he had locked the door.
“No more excuses, please,” he begged me as he sat next to me. His hand tugged me closer by the neck, and I closed my eyes while we kissed. Suddenly, he laid down and pulled me on top of him. “We’ll do it any way you want. OK?”
I pulled away, more anxious than ever. “You wanna do it here?”
“Yeah.” He wrapped his arms around my waist. “All that matters is we care about each other and wanna show it to each other. You wanna do this, right?”
With my head on his shoulder, I whispered, “I’m nervous.”
“No one’s gonna catch us. I locked the door.”
There was no way for him to know what I had really meant without admitting the truth. “Keith, I gotta tell you something.”
“Unless you’re gonna say you used to be a guy, we can talk about it after. Bunny, I’m hurting. Please.” He grabbed my ass and pressed my pelvis into his erection. “I never waited three months before. Please.”
I sighed, still unsure.
“Don’t you want me?”
I nodded.
He stroked my hair. “Then let me make love to you. Please.” He lifted my head and kissed my lips. “I know I been with more people than you, but that’s a good thing. I know what I’m doing. I wanna see that look on your face when I make you cum.”
He eased his tongue into my mouth and held my face as we kept kissing. Within seconds, I automatically raked my fingers through his hair and closed my eyes. Our kissing increased our passion slowly but steadily.
I pulled his hair a bit as my desire threatened to spill over. “I like that.” I breathed as his lips moved to my ear.
My head went back when he bit my earlobe several times. The urge to have his cock inside me had never been so strong. I gripped his arms tightly while his lips trailed over my neck and throat.
“You ready for me? Please say yes.”
I looked into his eyes. The anxiety was still there, but masked with such a strong need to go further with him. I didn’t know what to say, so I just kissed him again.
His hands traveled slowly down my back, over my ass then my legs. His fingers slid up my thighs and under my skirt before he pulled my panties down. He soon tossed my underwear across the room and spread my legs over his.
Fear gripped me again. “Wait,” I whispered as he stroked my clit with a finger.
“Relax.” He rubbed me slowly. “You’re so fucking wet.”
My breath caught in my throat. It felt better than any time I had tried it. I couldn’t help but let out a sigh when a finger moved toward my opening.
Then he pushed it in. “Wow, you’re tight.”
I moaned and gripped his shirt tightly. It felt so good. When he added a second finger, I winced and buried my head in his chest. I fought the urge to whimper or tell him it hurt.
He withdrew and thrust back in slowly. Through the pain, my breath quickened and pleasure began. After a few more strokes, I moaned loudly, the initial pain gone.
When he reached in deeper, it burned for a few seconds. Thankfully, it faded quickly. Then he hooked his fingers, and my nails dug into his shirt. My breath came quicker still, and I started to sigh and moan uncontrollably.
I was confused. “Something’s… wrong,” I uttered brokenly.
“No. It’s not,” Keith insisted softly. “Let it go.”
Suddenly, I cried out and clung to him. My insides trembled and tensed again and again. It overwhelmed me. “Oh God!” I shouted as I leaned on his chest.
After a few minutes, Keith ran the fingers of his free hand through my hair. “You OK?”
“Yeah,” I breathlessly replied. It was only a half truth. My canal ached slightly, but the incredible way I felt was worth it.
He pulled his fingers from my body and groaned.
“What?” I asked, as I lifted my head.
He exhaled loudly. “Why’ve we really waited so long to fool around like this?”
“I don’t know.”
“’Cause you’re a virgin, right?”
“How’d you know that?”
“I popped your cherry. Got blood on my fingers.”
I laid my head down, embarrassed. “I’m sorry.”
He wiped his hand on his pants and wrapped his arms around me. “Hey, hey, don’t be. I’m fine with it. You coulda just told me. Now I feel like an ass for pushing you into this tonight. I’m sorry.”
“It’s OK.” I glanced up. “Can we still do it?”
“Hell yes!” He carefully flipped us over.
Keith pulled off his shirt before he laid on top of me and covered my mouth with his. His kisses were hungrier and came quicker while his dick grew even harder against me. Then he unbuttoned my blouse and popped open my bra.
“Love your tits.” He took my right breast in his hand and fingered my nipple. “Not many chicks got tits like this.”
He bent down and sucked my left nipple into his mouth. He let go, then his tongue roughly lapped at it several times before his lips covered it again. I loved how he did that. I whimpered when he suddenly pushed two fingers into me again.
“Like it, don’t you?” he whispered. “Told you I was good with my fingers.” His strokes got faster. “I can feel it. You’re gonna cum again.”
I looked up at him, sure he was right. “Yes!” I was shocked at how he made me feel. “Uh… uh, please… Oh God!”
My whole body shook with a powerful orgasm. I clawed at his shoulders, almost blinded by the incredible sensations the constant waves created. As I rode it out with my eyes closed, I felt Keith’s lips brush over my face and neck.
“Just breathe through it, Crystal,” Keith whispered. “You’re so fucking sexy when you cum. Can’t wait to feel it with my dick.” He lifted off me and opened his pants. “You want to, right?”
“Yes,” I answered while I still tried to catch my breath.
I was stunned while I watched him take his erection out and roll a condom on. I had seen it before, but at that moment, it looked huge to me. Is it bigger than before? As he spread my legs again, I wanted to change my mind. Will there be more pain?
“Um…” My eyes opened wide as I stared at his cock.
Keith laid down on me. “It’s OK. I’m good I swear.” He kissed my lips as he probed me with the head of his cock. “Relax, I’m gonna make you feel so good.” Then he grunted as he pushed into me a bit.
It hurt, but his fingers had helped stretch me out some. I shut my eyes tightly and leaned against him. The pain made me dig my nails into his shoulders. I held in the cry that threatened. Instead, I let out small whimpers and a few tears.
“It’s OK.” He stroked my hair. “Just relax. I’ll go slow. Tell me if you want me to stop.”
I took a few deep breaths and grabbed his hair in one hand while I still held onto his shoulder. He pushed in a bit more as he kissed my lips. The distraction helped take my mind off the feeling. He pulled out and gently pushed back, to gain a little ground.
“You all right? I’m trying to be careful.”
I clung to him harder. “I think so, but it hurts.”
“I’m sorry. Let me try something.” He lifted up off me somewhat and drove in some more. “That better?”
It wasn’t, but I nodded, no clue what would help. He gave me several slow, deeper strokes. I clenched my teeth and involuntarily tightened up within.
“Bunny, relax.” Keith brushed his lips over my cheek then to my ear. “Let my dick go so I can get in.” He moaned softly. “God. Feels so good.”
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. When I had forced my muscles to loosen, I gripped his shoulder harder. “I’m trying.”
His mouth moved down my neck. “You’re so tight. I don’t know how I’m gonna last.” As his tongue flicked my left nipple, he thrust shallowly and slow. “Damn, I never screwed a virgin before.”
I was so glad he was experienced. It made a lot of difference. He was gentle. Each stroke got easier. Gradually, the pleasure grew and the pain started to subside.
After at least ten minutes had passed, Keith touched my face. “You good now?” He was finally buried within me.
“Yeah.” I was breathless and felt full inside.
He kissed me again then held me a few minutes before he softly said, “If it starts hurting again, tell me.” He slowly withdrew and thrust back in at the same pace. “Still OK?”
I nodded and held his shoulders tight again. Then I was startled when he pulled out again. He pushed back in a bit harder. I sighed as he withdrew and drove in faster. My head went back, and I moaned loudly.
“Oh, yeah.” Keith breathed in my ear as he pumped in and out of me quickly. “Fuck! Your pussy’s so nice and tight!”
He took my shoulders in his hands and then his hips hit into me even harder. His grunts and moans started to come closer together. That incredible feeling built inside again.
“Oh fuck! Hurry up and cum damn it!”
I closed my eyes and let it wash over me. My back arched as I cried out. “Ah!” The spasms were stronger than before. They continued to come while I clung to him.
“Hell yes! That feels so fucking good… Uh, uh, uh, fuck!” Keith ground his hips into my pelvis. His cock pulsated as he held me tight. “Damn, that was worth the wait.” He panted as hard as I did. “You OK?”
I fought to catch my breath, so I just nodded again.
“Hope Chad never finds out.” Keith sounded nervous.
I closed my eyes, worried he would just know as he always did.
After a few more minutes, someone tried the doorknob. Keith jumped up. “Get dressed.” He pulled the condom off and tossed it out. Then he found my panties and gave them to me. “Just a little blood, you should be fine.”
As soon as I was dressed, I got off the couch. My entire lower half felt weird, like he was still inside me. There was a knock on the door then Chad called out my name. I quickly opened the door since I didn’t want him to suspect anything.
Chad looked me over twice then glared at Keith. “You son of a bitch!” Chad charged at him. “You took her virginity?” Then he punched Keith.
Keith fell on his back as he held his cheek. “What the fuck, man? I’m her boyfriend.”
“I don’t care. You got no right to make her give it up!”
“Hey, I didn’t force her,” Keith defended himself. “I had no clue she was a virgin until I felt it. It’s nothing against you, man.” He stood up and looked to me for help.
I didn’t know what to say.
Chad swung at him again. “I said you could date her, not fuck her.”
Keith ducked and yelled, “What the hell? You expected me to keep my hands to myself forever?”
Phil came in the room. “What the-” He grabbed Chad just as he was about to swing again. “Dude, what’d I miss?”
“I gotta kick Keith’s ass now,” Chad relayed. “He just… He took… He did something to Crystal.”
Phil looked at me and put an arm around my waist. “You OK? Did he hurt you?”
“I’m fine,” I managed. “Chad’s just a bit jealous.”
As he rolled his eyes, Phil replied, “What else’s new? When it comes to you, that’s a given.”
I moved in front of Chad. “He didn’t make me,” I assured him, using the tone that always soothed him when furious.
His face fell, and his body relaxed. “You just gave it to him? But, you wanted it to be…” He looked around. “Well, you know. You told me it had to be just right.”
“We’re gonna give you guys time to talk,” Phil said as he seized Keith by the shirt and walked through the open door. “What the fuck’d you do to her, man?”
“Baby, you were saving yourself.” A tear rolled down Chad’s cheek. “What made you change your mind?”
I looked up at him and wiped at the tear. “Why does it matter? You lost yours two years ago. It’s not like you waited for me.”
“I wanted it to be you.” He took me into his arms. “But you said it would never happen. I didn’t even look at her, just pretended she was you. I haven’t even fucked Brianna yet.” He usually took it slow with the girls he dated, but that was a long time even for him.
I laid my head on his chest. “You see? You said yet. You will fuck her one day. It was bound to happen for me. I’m eighteen. I waited long enough.” I scowled at him. “How’d you find us anyway?”
Chad looked away. “Phil told me you guys headed back here.” He pulled his lips in for a few seconds. Then he lifted my chin. “Did he hurt you, baby?”
I closed my eyes and tried to think of something to say without lying. “Do you really want details, Chad?”
“No, but you’re standing kinda funny, so I’m guessing you’re hurting still.”
“Can we just go watch Hell Hounds? Please?”
“Yeah, I’m sorry I hit your boyfriend.”
“Just don’t do it again, please. I can take care of myself.”
He kept an arm over my shoulders as we walked out of the room. I paused just before the end of the hallway. My pussy and my thighs ached somewhat. Chad looked down at me but didn’t say anything. When I started to walk again, he moved with me.
Killer Bite was still playing. We got as close to the stage as we could. The mosh pit took up the first ten feet or so in front of the stage. Chad wrapped his arms around me. I looked for Keith and Brianna. I was sure both of them wouldn’t be happy we were so close.
Surprisingly, I found them together in the shadows near the bar. I tugged on Chad’s arm and pointed at them. He steered me in that direction. When we were closer, I noticed Keith’s lips against Brianna’s ear. When she touched his bruised cheek, he put a hand on her waist.
Chad grabbed him and pulled him back. “What the fuck you doin’?” He got in his face. “After what you just did, you have the fuckin’ nerve to touch my girl?” He pulled his hand back to hit him.
“Wait. Chad, wait!” Keith’s eyes opened wide. “We were talkin’. Just talkin’. I swear. It’s hard to hear in here.” He ducked and covered his face with his hands.
I glanced at Brianna who looked scared. “Chad, stop.” I put my hands on his chest. “Chad… Please don’t do this. Let it go. It was my decision.”
His angry gaze set on me. “Did he push you into it?” He had obviously not let it go.
I hesitated, since he had in a way. “I said yes, Chad. I really did.”
“She did. She did,” Keith stammered. “Crystal, do something.”
Phil appeared from behind Chad. “Dude, again? Seriously?” He pried Chad’s hand open, freeing Keith. “If she’s not mad at him, let it go, man.”
“Please,” I begged Chad. When our eyes met, I touched his cheek. “We talked about this. You need to let me make my own choices. Please.”
Chad scowled, and his body relaxed. “Fine.” He backed up a few steps. Then he just stood there and took a few deep breaths. “Sorry.”
Brianna slowly moved to Chad and took his hand in hers. “Let’s go watch the band.” She tugged his hand until he relented. I was glad she had intervened.
Keith bent over, his hands on his knees. “Fuck! I thought he was gonna kill me.”
Phil put a hand on my arm. “You sure you’re OK? Chad doesn’t get that crazy for just anything.”
“I’m OK,” I assured him. “Really.” When he walked away, I rubbed Keith’s back. “He’ll get over it.” He better. “You wanna go outside for a few?”
Keith nodded. “Yeah.”
We got back just as Hell Hounds took the stage. I jumped up and down when we found a good spot to watch. Keith stood behind me with his arms around my middle. He laughed at my excitement. I didn’t care. Hell Hounds was a band I had wanted to see for two years. They didn’t disappoint and played all my favorite songs along with a few new ones.
In the later part of their set, I noticed Chad and Brianna weave through the crowd. He looked calm and collected. They stopped and watched the show from about twenty feet away. Maybe Brianna calmed him down. However it had happened, I was grateful.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

It was a Thursday evening in July and hot as hell outside. Chad and I sat in his parent’s garage as we waited for the rest of the band. Our parents were out together. I had on a tiny pair of shorts and a skimpy grey tank top, which I wished I could take off. My hair was up in a loose bun, yet I still had sweat on the back of my neck. It had to be over 95 degrees out.
Chad was shirtless which showed off the completed eagle on his back. After two weeks of heal time, it looked incredible, especially with the sheen of sweat that covered it. He wore only a pair of basketball shorts. Sweat poured down the sides of his face, even with his hair tied up. I wished he wasn’t sexy like that.
Killer Bite’s drummer had broken his arm, so they were on hiatus. That had ended our progress in the club scene. We tried not to let it get us down, though. The consensus was that practice and writing were essential to getting back on stage again. We hadn’t played in front of a crowd in three weeks.
“Why’d you book a gig without telling me?” Andy shouted when he walked into the garage. “I got a date Saturday night!” He fumed.
Chad got up. “’Cause you don’t even try. I’m calling everywhere trying to get us in. Don’t you wanna get noticed by a record company or open up for bands like Gasoline and Brass Monkey? How cool would it be to play right before one of them? Or better yet, with them?”
“Yeah, I know.” Andy calmed down quickly. “But I’m the frontman, I should be in charge.”
I stood as well. “So you make the calls then.” I was tired of the argument. Chad had taken over because no one did anything. I didn’t blame him. “We wanna make it big. Don’t you?”
“I guess.” Andy did not sound convinced. “Maybe we should enter another battle of the bands?”
I reached over to the table we had set up and grabbed a glass of iced tea. While I sipped it, I waved a napkin in front of my face to try to cool me down. It didn’t help. Even when I swiped the cold glass over my forehead, it did very little.
Jay walked up the driveway with his head down and no guitar case. We all watched as he slowly sat down and rested his chin on his chest. “Hey,” he softly uttered. A look of despair crossed his face.
“What’s wrong?” I asked and sat next to him.
He looked at me for a few seconds then sighed. “I’m leaving.”
“What?” Chad and Andy both yelled.
Jay took a deep breath. “My dad’s making me go to Massachusetts. He thinks finishing high school up there’s a better way to get into Harvard.” He closed his eyes. “I’m moving next week. I’m sorry.” He had just turned seventeen, so he had little choices.
“Shit!” Chad started to pace. “What the fuck’re we gonna do?”
I quickly stood in front of him to make him stop. “I can play bass. We’ll find a way to work the rest out.” I placed a hand on his chest and looked up. “Don’t get all crazy about it. Please.” He closed his eyes and rested his forearms on my shoulders.
Daniel parked his Honda Fireblade in the driveway and placed his helmet on the seat. “He got blue balls again?” He strode into the garage as he laughed. “She’ll never give in, Chad. She tells me no once a week.” I glared at him until he put his hands up. “I know. You asked me to stop. If you start putting on more clothes, I might not have a hard-on all the time. That outfit is smokin’, baby.” He smirked. “How about you take a swim and-”
“Shut the fuck up!” Chad growled. “Jay’s leaving the band.” The heat was forgotten for the moment.
Daniel looked around. “You’re serious?” He tossed his backpack down. “So we’re fucked then. Great!”
“I don’t wanna leave.” Jay was clearly upset and tried to hide it. “My dad said I have to or he’s cutting me off.”
Andy leaned against the wall. “Money ain’t everything.”
“No,” Jay agreed. “But it pays for my car, my stuff and gets me laid.”
I shook my head. “You don’t need Daddy’s money for that. Just get a job if you need money so bad.” I knew he had an older sister who would let him stay behind with her.
“Dad’s giving me $10,000 to move.” Jay hung his head.
Then we all understood. They’d bribed him. Nothing would change his mind for sure. It meant we had to find a replacement.
Andy huffed. “So there’s no point in practicing tonight. Crystal don’t know the songs for Saturday.”
“I’ll learn fast. Jay can help me.”
Jay stood. “No. I can’t. I just stopped by to tell you guys. I gotta go.” He sulked toward his car and left without another word.
“Fuck this!” Andy threw his hands up then stalked to his red Mazda RX8. His family was also well to do. Sometimes he acted a bit spoiled. “I’m outta here.” He got in the car and sped away.
Andy played guitar, but he couldn’t stay still when he sang. That’s why they’d recruited Phil in the first place. It was also another reason we would have to find a guitarist. He wouldn’t even play temporarily.
Daniel looked at Chad and I. “Um, so, Crystal? You’re switching to bass?” When I nodded, he asked, “Should we really do this without them?”
“I don’t know nothing no more.” Chad put his hands over his face and exhaled loudly. Then he mumbled, “How the fuck’s this gonna work?”
I walked over to him, sure he was seriously upset. “How about Paulie? Maybe we should call him and tell him we need him.”
Chad looked at me. “He said he still wasn’t sure.”
“So we help him make up his mind.” I tilted my head. “At least think about it.”
He nodded. “OK.”
“I’ll do bass and maybe he’ll come to our rescue.” I exhaled loudly and picked up my guitar. “I’ll use this for now and get a bass when I can.” I plugged it in and played a few notes on the deeper strings. It didn’t sound right but was better than nothing. “I can write new basslines. It just might take me a week or so.”
“So then Saturday’s off?” Daniel sat behind the drum set.
Phil walked up the driveway. “Practice today?”
“Not exactly.” Chad sat on a folding chair and held his head in his hands. “Things were just looking up.”
I closed my eyes. “Fuck ’Em All” played in my mind. It wasn’t easy to separate Jay’s part. I started to play what I felt fit. Halfway through, Chad and Daniel started to play with me. Then suddenly Phil joined. By the end, we didn’t sound too bad.
“Damn.” Daniel stood up. “We can do this!”
Excitedly, Phil asked, “I can play again?”
“Well…” Chad looked from Daniel to me. “Um, I guess... ’til we find someone else.”
Phil let out a groan. “Maybe you can teach me to be better.” He loved to play and had used it to attract girls. “You taught Crystal, and she’s awesome.”
“Dude.” Chad obviously didn’t want to hurt his feelings again. “She’s a natural. It took you forever to just learn scales. You need to relax and let the music flow.”
Shoulders slumped, Phil replied, “When I do that, it sounds like shit.”
“Maybe you need to play more,” I suggested. “I played every chance I could while I was learning.”
“I guess.” Phil took his guitar off. He kept it in Chad’s garage since he didn’t have an amp. “I know these songs, though.” He set the bottom of his guitar on his foot. “How about I bust my ass to learn Crystal’s versions?”
Daniel put his sticks on a floor tom and walked around his drum set. “Listen, man. No offense, but you play like a robot. You hit the right notes but nothin’ more. Her whole body plays.” He glanced at me on the other side of Phil. “Hot fuckin’ body too, huh?”
Phil grinned. “Hell yeah and one day… I’ll get my hands on it.”
I punched Phil’s arm as hard as I could. “Fuck off.”
As he caught his balance, Phil laughed and slapped Daniel’s outstretched hand. When the two of them got together, I was the target of many lewd comments. Chad usually interrupted them. Instead, he was up again and paced. He was most definitely still upset. He didn’t seem to notice the conversation had shifted.
“No matter what you do, Phil, I can’t imagine you playing like her.” Chad pulled me away from them. “You need to be yourself. If you can’t play her part, then just say so.”
Phil took a few breaths and calmed down. “How about we try ‘Demonslayer’ and see how I do?”
I moved to the shelf against the back wall and grabbed my songbook. “Here.” I had it opened to “Demonslayer.” “See how you do.”
We went through the song twice. I felt more comfortable with my bassline the second try, but Phil was still stiff. It didn’t look good. At least we had forgotten about the heat.
A loud engine made me look up. Andy pulled into the driveway. As soon as he got out of the car, he lit up. I rolled my eyes. That was how he dealt with stress, and I didn’t understand it.
“I’m sorry I was a dick,” Andy called to us as he walked toward us. Once he was in the garage, he looked around. “Were you guys playing?”
I shooed him outside. “Yes. Stop polluting the air in here.”
Andy laughed but didn’t protest. “I know. I know. I need to quit.” He took a final drag and stomped out the butt with his foot. “So… Anybody know a rhythm guitarist?”
Phil’s mouth opened. “Really? Am I fucking invisible?” He folded his arms over his chest. “I’m really that bad?”
With a grimace, Andy replied, “Sorry. It’s hard to explain.”
“I already told him,” Daniel admitted. “Wish I knew how to help him get into it.” Then he grinned. “Maybe if we get Crystal in a bikini-”
Chad shoved him, just hard enough for him to stumble backward into Phil. “Enough about how fucking hot she is. She’s a band member, not a stripper.”
“Now that’s an image.” Daniel ducked when Chad tried to shove him. “OK. OK. We’ll stop.” He leered at me. “No matter how hot she is in those tiny shorts.”
I blushed and wished it were cooler out. “Maybe I should go change.”
“No.” Chad picked up my hand. “They need to cut it out.”
Andy stepped into the garage again. “They will.” He glared at Phil and Daniel. “Or I’ll call Josh.” That threat usually worked.
“Fine.” Phil sighed.
Daniel sat on his stool again then started to twirl a drumstick. “I know a few guitarists who might be interested in joining us.” He tapped a cymbal a few times. “Maybe we could write a song that Phil can actually play.”
“Fuck you, man.” Phil shook his head, not truly angry. “Let’s just play.” He put his guitar strap over his head.
For the next hour, we jammed. Some of it blended well, some not, but it was fun. Any leftover tension had dissipated. We laughed as Phil tried to battle Chad then I joined and Phil gave up. The sun was still up and the garage grew warmer while we all thrashed around.
“Shit! Why’s it gotta be so hot?” I complained, folding my tank’s bottom to cool off my midsection. “How can you guys stand having so much clothes on?” Seconds later Daniel’s sweaty t-shirt hit me in the back of the head. I turned. “Hey.” Then Andy’s landed on my shoulder. I whirled around. Phil’s shirt was at my feet.
Phil opened his jean shorts. “Should I keep going?”
“No!” Chad and Andy shouted.
I smiled as I looked them over. Daniel had a lean drummer’s body. Phil had a nice six-pack and obviously worked on his biceps and chest. Andy was thin but not bony. They didn’t work out as much as Chad, though. Unable to resist, my eyes roamed over Chad’s mostly exposed body again. It was not difficult to imagine them all naked, but it did make things complicated. My body responded to it quickly.
Suddenly Phil smirked. I followed his gaze to my chest. My nipples had hardened and were quite visible. To deflect, I put my guitar down and turned away from them all.
“Seems you like the view,” Chad whispered as he lifted me up, and my sandals fell off. “I think you need to cool off.”
I squealed, shocked. “Hey! Put me down.”
Chad tossed me over his shoulder. I felt like I had missed something. Did they plan this? I heard the door to the house open, but I couldn’t see much as I bounced from his quick pace.
“Where we going?” I asked loudly. No reply. “Chad, come on.” I saw the rest of the guys following us. Then Chad opened the back door. “What’re you doing?”
Chad stepped onto the deck and kicked off his shoes. Then he started to run. I grabbed the back of his shorts, almost sure what was next. We were in the air before I knew it. The water of the pool was cool but a relief. Chad let me go when we went under.
I surfaced and cried out, “Son of a bitch!”
Daniel and Phil jumped in and landed in front of me. Water went over my head again. I fell back and Chad put his arms around my ribs. Andy came in next. Suddenly my feet went out from under me. Phil stood in front of me, my feet in his hands. He nodded at Chad. Then I was in the air again.
I came up and gasped for air. Everyone laughed. I splashed them all. “No fair. I can’t throw you guys.” I smiled. It was more fun than I admitted.
“Yeah, we know.” Daniel dove under the water and surfaced behind me. “Ready?” He looked over my shoulder and grinned at my chest.
I turned. “For what?” Then I screamed when he lifted me. He threw me to Andy, who caught me just as I fell under again. “Come on!” I couldn’t help but laugh.
Andy tried to toss me to Phil but dropped me. My ass hit the bottom. I swam up, and Chad met me halfway. He wrapped his arms around me when we both took a breath. His hands moved over my wet skin slowly.
“If they weren’t here,” Chad whispered. His thumbs slipped under my shorts. He lifted me and pressed my pelvis to his. “I wanna touch you.” His dick was half-hard already.
Phil pressed up against my back. His bare thighs touched mine. That meant he had taken off his shorts. He was also aroused. “So how about me and you show her what a real man’s like.” His breath washed over my ear as his lips grazed my lobe. “Bet she’d enjoy us more than that Keith guy.”
Chad looked at me, desire in his eyes. “I wish.”
My head started to spin. Their bodies moved against me. Their cocks rubbed my ass and mound. I didn’t know what to do. My body ached for their touch. Chad’s chest pressed harder against my breasts.
Hands on my hips made my eyes widen. “Um…” I shuddered and wished they didn’t turn me on.
My eyes closed as a fantasy formed. Hands rubbed my breasts and another slid into my panties. Someone’s fingers thrust into my pussy while lips met mine. Their bodies pressed against me, grinding.
“Hey, Crystal… You back here?”
I was jolted out of my dream world to find that Chad and Phil still surrounded me.
Keith appeared near the deck steps. He must have heard us and come around the house. “Whatcha you guys-” His mouth dropped.
I pushed Phil back and swam to the edge. “I didn’t know you were coming by.”
“Yeah, I see that.” He glared at my bandmates. “This is practice?”
Not able to lift myself out, I swam to the ladder and quickly climbed the steps. “We were hot. The garage is stifling.”
His eyes raked over my body. “I bet they loved checking out your tits.”
I looked down to see my tank top and beige bra had become transparent. “Oh… I…” I hugged myself, embarrassed. “It was just a little harmless fun.”
“Sure. Can we go then?”
“Go where?”
Keith put an arm over my shoulders. “To my place. We haven’t had sex in forever.”
“Is that all you think of?”
Chad stepped onto the deck. “Why should she leave?”
“She’s my girlfriend. Why does it matter?” Keith looked from me to Chad. They’d not seen eye to eye since Keith had taken my virginity.
I shrugged Keith’s arm off. “I’m not leaving yet. We were having fun.”
“Come on.” Keith picked up my hand.
His hands on my shoulders, Chad stood behind me and held me still. “She said she wants to stay. So either join us or go home.”
“Chad, I can deal with this,” I insisted. Chad was obviously seconds from an outburst.
Keith backed up a few steps. “If you’re not coming then we’re done.” He glared at all of us. “I’m not competing with the whole band.”
“You’re not,” I insisted. “We were all sweaty and needed to cool off.”
With a roll his eyes, Keith laughed. “Oh yeah, I always get half naked and grind all over the first girl I see when I’m hot and sweaty.” He gave me an angry look. “They were all over you, Crystal!”
He wasn’t wrong, but Phil and Chad’s intentions were not exactly the same as mine. Could he blame me for my body’s reactions?
“We were just joking around.” I turned to Chad who was furious. When I looked back at Keith, he had walked away. “Hey!” I chased him down the deck steps. Then I winced when my bare feet hit the hot concrete. “Keith, stop. Please.” I caught up to him just before he got into his car.
He opened the door and turned around. “What the fuck do you want? Go play with your fuckin’ bandmates! Seems I’m just in the way.”
“No. It’s not like that,” I pled. “It was fucking hot. Jay left the band and everything’s a fucking mess. We needed a fucking break, OK?” Tears of frustration fell at that point.
Keith stared at me. “So that gives them the right to rub all over you?”
“No. They just… just… I don’t fucking know.”
He smirked then shouted, “You’re cheating on me. Ain’t you?”
“Don’t yell at her.” Chad was suddenly next to me. “I shoulda beat your ass when I had the chance.” He lunged for Keith.
Phil and Daniel ran to us with Andy on their heels. Daniel grabbed one of Chad’s arms and Phil the other. Keith stepped back and fell into his car.
“Chad, stop,” I growled. “You’re making it worse.” I turned to Keith. “I’ll go with you.” I wanted the situation diffused quickly.
Behind me, I heard a slight struggle. “Let go of me!” Chad shouted. “I’m good. I’m good. I swear.”
When I looked back at Chad, he stared upward, eyes closed. It was something he did to keep it together when on the edge of an explosion. Automatically, I moved to him, in order to make it better.
I put my hands on his waist. “Please let it go.” My arms wrapped around him. “I made the decision not Keith.” It was mostly the truth. “It’s done.” I glanced up. His eyes met mine. “Please, Chad. He’s not as bad as you think. He’s good to me.”
Chad’s gaze moved to Keith for a few seconds. I hated when he got wound up about someone I dated. He always thought they were out to hurt me. It was difficult to convince him otherwise. The worst part about it was that he was usually right.
“Baby, there’s just something about him.” Chad held me close.
I sighed. “There always is.”
“Seriously.” He bent down and whispered in my ear, “My gut tells me he’s-”
“Chad, please don’t do this,” I pled. “I’ll be fine.”
With a frown, he let me go. “OK, whatever.” He glared at Keith. “If he does anything to you…” He took a deep breath to hold back some of his anger. “I’ll fuckin’ kill him.” So much for holding things back.
“I’ll be home later.”
Keith came up behind me with a beach towel. “Here, you’re still dripping.” He wrapped it around me. “I rented a movie.”
“Cool.” I chanced a look at Chad. He still seethed but held it in. “Chad, I’ll call you later. Text Paulie. Please.”
Chad nodded. “Yeah.”
“Let’s go.” Keith put an arm around my shoulder and helped me into the passenger seat.
I looked down at my feet. “I left my shoes.”
“Where?” Keith glanced over the car at my bandmates.
“Maybe I should forget about them. They’re in the garage.”
Keith closed my door and raced to the garage. He came back just as fast. Obviously, he wanted to avoid Chad. When he started the car, he turned to me. “There something between you and Chad?”
I checked out my hands in my lap. “No. He’s just protective. We were all just joking around in the pool.”
“OK then...” He put a hand on my knee. “You gonna make it up to me?”
I closed my eyes. He seemed to think of nothing but sex since our first time. “I guess.”
“We got the place to ourselves, so no interruptions.” He put the car in gear and pulled out into the street. “Last time was kinda weird.”
I blushed. “Yeah.” His roommate, Rene, had walked in on us. We were under a blanket, but I was humiliated. After that, I couldn’t continue. He was upset, but I stood my ground. “Better without him around.”
“Oh yeah.” He squeezed my thigh. “Much better.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

When we walked into his place, Rene was in the kitchen. “Sorry, I’m running late. I’ll be outta your hair in a few.” He was packing a lunch bag. “I gotta be at work in fifteen minutes.” He hurriedly cleaned the counter and flew out the door.
“Now that we’re alone.” Keith tugged me to him and opened the towel. “Mmm, no wonder they couldn’t take their eyes off you.” He grabbed the hem of my top.
I stopped him. “Wait. You said you had a movie.” I patted my clothes and berated myself for not going home for a dry set. “Can I borrow something dry?” It would have been fuel for Chad though, whether Keith followed me or stayed by his car.
“Sure.” He soon came to me with a t-shirt. “This’ll be a bit big, but it’ll do for now.”
I took it and headed to the bathroom.
“Where you going?”
I stopped at the door. “I’m gonna change.”
“Change right here.” He grinned. “I’ve seen it all.” His desire-filled look made me nervous.
“Um.” I was still shy about my body. “I can’t.”
Keith laughed. “You’re too cute.”
I locked myself in the bathroom. His eagerness always made me nervous. I relieved myself then changed quickly. I hung up my wet clothing on the shower rod. My panties were so damp they were uncomfortable. With a groan, I took them off and hung them up, too. I pulled the shirt down as far as I could. It barely covered my ass.
“Mmm, nice.” Keith stared at me. He almost drooled as I walked out of the bathroom. He was on the couch, shirtless, the lights dimmed. “Come ’ere. Movie’s about to start.”
My face heated up. “Um, do you have a pair of shorts I can use, too?”
“None that would fit.” He scanned my body again. “My clothes look good on you. Come ’ere.”
I hesitantly approached the sofa. “What’d you get?”
“Ghost Rider.” He grabbed me, and I fell into his lap. “I’d rather you be riding me.” His arms pulled me close. Then he grazed my neck with his teeth. “Dyin’ to have you in my lap ridin’ my dick.” He sucked my skin into his mouth. “Up and down, up and down.” A hand ran up my outer thigh.
I pushed him back. “Not yet.” I climbed off his legs and held the shirt down. “I’m not ready for anything new yet.” I picked up a throw pillow and hugged it. This was not a good idea. I closed my eyes and tried to find an excuse to go home.
“I know. Sorry.” Keith put an arm around my shoulders and moved close to me. “Just movie watching for a while. Promise.”
There was no point in arguing. I laid my head on his chest and set my attention on the television. For the next hour, we sat there and watched the movie. His hand rubbed my arm and shoulder. I liked the closeness and appreciated him backing off. I was as relaxed as could be leaning on him.
Then he moved his free hand. I tried to see why but the room was quite dark. “You OK?”
“My shorts are cutting off circulation to my dick.” He shifted his hips. “Just uncomfortable.”
I sat up straight. “So take ’em off.”
He stood and shucked his jean shorts. I immediately regretted my suggestion. Since he didn’t wear any underwear, his erection stood out before him. No wonder his shorts were hurting. He settled down next to me, completely naked. I gritted my teeth. Is he baiting me? He did look sexy as hell.
His arm draped over my shoulders again. I got back into position. No matter how hard I tried, I watched his cock instead of the television screen. It jerked a few times, but he didn’t seem to notice. A bead of pre-cum formed right before my eyes. Fascinated, I placed a hand on his thigh. I wanted to touch it.
Slowly his hand slid down my side. I barely noticed it. “Has it been long enough?” Keith whispered in my ear.
I lifted my head. “Huh?”
“Guess it has.” He quickly got me down on my back and laid on top of me. “God, I need you.” He fumbled between my legs.
My eyes opened wide when I felt the head of his cock at my entrance. “Hey!”
He thrust into me an inch or two. “Damn, you’re wet.” He gasped and groaned as he pumped into me several times.
I squirmed. “You can’t. I’m not… Put on a condom.”
He rolled his eyes. “I’ll pull out in time.” He moaned loudly as he pushed in deeper. “Dammit! Feels good.”
“Please. Put on a condom. I could get pregnant.” I tensed all over, terrified of the possibility.
“Oh fuck, bunny.” He nuzzled my neck and ground into me, giving me every inch. “This’s too good. I know when ta pull out. Trust me.”
I shook my head. “Stop.” I pushed on his chest. “Now, Keith.”
He exhaled loudly and pulled out. “I hate condoms.” He grumbled a few inaudible things as he walked to his room. Maybe a minute later, he came back as he rolled a condom over his erection. “Get on your hands and knees.”
“Why?” I stared at him, confused again. My inexperience showed through quite often.
He grinned. “You’ll see.”
I hesitated. “I’m scared.”
“Hey.” He came to me. “I would never hurt you, bunny.” He took my hands in his and pulled me to my feet. “How about you just lay on your belly this time? If you like it, we’ll try doggie next time.”
That made me feel stupid. Of course, that’s why he wanted me on my knees. “OK.” On my belly wasn’t as nerve racking. On my knees? I’d be so exposed. “On the couch?”
“Yeah, bunny, just lay down.” He squeezed my hands. “I’ll take it slow if you’re scared still.” He watched me lay down then smiled as I looked at him. “Perfect.”
I closed my eyes as he rearranged my legs, opened wide. Then his thighs touched mine. He pressed into me until the head broke through. I took deep breaths to stay calm. When he slid his hands under my shoulders and held them, I became nervous again.
“It’s OK.” He kissed my cheek then my ear and neck. “Relax… that’s it.” He thrust in all the way.
I gasped. He felt different. My eyes opened when he gave me another quick stroke. I clutched the couch end. His hips went side to side and my body shuddered. Waves of pleasure washed over me. He began to pump fast and hard. I held on tight as the orgasm abated.
“Fuck…” He ground into me and groaned.
My eyebrows furrowed. He came already? What the hell? I was disappointed that sex wasn’t what I thought it should be. Although, I didn’t know much better, only what I had read. Some girls at school had told me most guys were fast. Keith hadn’t been so fast the first time, and he was much more tender then.
“Sorry, been horny lately.” He withdrew from me slowly. “You came, right?”
I nodded. “Did I do something wrong?”
“No.” He tossed the condom. “Why would you think that?”
I stood and looked around, unsure what to do next. “Well, I kinda thought sex lasted longer.”
“I do usually last longer.” He stretched. “Not when I get myself all worked up though, and you’re still so tight.” He walked away and headed to his room.
I felt as if I had missed something. I walked to the bathroom and hoped my clothes were dry. Keith never made me feel like he cared anymore.
Sometimes, only he got off when we fooled around. I was still skittish about penetration most of the time. He made the best of it instead of seducing me. Movies portrayed sex as loving, with cuddling involved. Not once had that happened. Once Keith came, he left me, no matter what room we were in. It felt wrong.

CHAPTER TWELVE

A few weeks later on a Sunday afternoon, Keith and I were on our way to the mall. Unlike most men, he loved to shop. I needed to get a few new things to wear. It felt weird to wear the same outfits on stage all the time. My mother gave me the money without my father’s knowledge. She still wasn’t thrilled about my music career, but she wanted to support me.
Paulie was still undecided about a move to New Jersey. With Chad and I as coaches, Phil had improved somewhat. That made it possible to play again. Killer Bite was back on track, so we at least had weekly gigs again.
We were still new to most, though. Some didn't even bother to show up until the headliner came on, whether or not it was Killer Bite or another band. We still played our hearts out even if it was only to a handful of people. However, I knew that we would be much more popular with Paulie.
My style had changed to include more skirts. They attracted the most attention, which drove Keith even crazier. He was the first man I had ever met who enjoyed men ogling me when we were together.
Once we had parked, we headed to the JC Penny entrance. That store sometimes had things I liked in the Juniors department. Keith stopped in the shoe section first. He must have twenty pairs of sneakers, shoes and boots, more than me. I looked around as he did the same.
He lifted a pair of boots similar to Doc Martens in the women’s section. “Hey, bunny. These would look cute on you.” He didn’t like me in heels because I was about his height in most of the ones I owned.
“But what would I wear with them?” Most of my clothes were a bit too frilly to go with the boots.
He gave me an evil grin. “All black, shorter skirt... maybe a bit Goth. You’d look hot like that.” He brought me a box in my size. “Just try them. Please?”
I relented. “OK, fine.” I sat and shed my sneakers.
When I pulled the first boot out, I looked at it a bit more closely. They were cool, but usually men wore that style. Chad had a pair of Doc Martens and motorcycle boots he wore when he rode his dirt bike. My boots had buckles or studs on them. These were lace up and quite blocky. I tried on the first one and turned my foot. Not bad. The other went on easy. Since I had tights on, they were not in the way.
I stood. They gave me maybe an inch, so Keith was still over my head. I walked a few steps. They were more comfortable than my pointy-toed boots.
“Not bad,” I repeated aloud.
Keith bent over and ran a hand over my calf. “Doesn’t give you that look high heels do, but I like 'em.”
“I don’t have enough to get these and clothes.”
He picked up the box and looked at the price. “I’ll pay for ’em.” He worked full-time that summer. “Take ’em off. I wanna see what else we can find.”
When he had paid for the boots, we wandered over to the Junior’s department. There was a limited amount of black clothing. Summer brought a lot of color to the store. I checked almost every rack and found nothing but one top that I liked. Keith shook his head. I put it back and looked around the clearance section. That was where I found most of my things. It was sparse. Nothing caught my eye.
“How about we head over to Hot Topic?” Keith grabbed my hand. “That place’ll have just what I got in mind.”
It was a store I found band t-shirts, jeans and earrings normally. I had not looked at much of their other merchandise. We wove through the store to the mall’s main hallway.
Hot Topic was upstairs. Keith eagerly pulled me into the store. I just looked around at first. I saw a new Gasoline tank top and thought about picking that up. Then I glanced at the jewelry.
To my left was the rack of jeans. I saw a pair I did not own. When I found one in my size, I shook them out. The legs had no tears, but there was a collage of skulls from the hip to ankle.
“Definitely hot,” Keith said from a few feet away. “Come look at these.” He searched through a collection of skirts and held up a few in my size. Most were so short my father would have a heart attack. “Try these on?”
I looked around, unsure. “Um, I can’t wear clothes like that.”
“Why not?” He looked confused.
With a sigh, I replied, “My dad. He’d hit the roof.”
“So don't show him.” He winked. “Your fans would love ’em.” He always talked about the regulars at our gigs like that. “Maybe Andy or Daniel would let you change at their place.” He and Chad still did not get along.
I shrugged. “Maybe.” I took the skirts from him. “I don't know if I have anything that would go with these.” They were all miniskirts that fit tight to the body.
He looked around. “Those would look good.” He pointed to a section of corset tops.
My mouth dropped. “Um, Keith… You’re kidding, right?”
“No.” He frowned and exhaled loudly. “Just try a few on. You’ll look so sexy.” He got a saleswoman and pointed out his favorites, mostly in black. “I wanna see what they look like.” He followed us to the individual dressing rooms in the back.
The saleswoman opened a door for me and smiled. “Just let me know if you need a different size. I’m not sure if those will fit in there.” She pointed to my chest.
I looked down. Sometimes being well endowed had its drawbacks. “OK, thanks.” Keith stepped in the room behind me. “Hey! No way, not here.”
He rolled his eyes and laughed. “You’re so straight edge.”
“Am not!” That felt like an insult. “We’re in public.”
He put a hand on my ass. “So what? No one'll know.”
I pushed him back out. “No.” I put the clothes and my purse on a bench inside the room. “You'll see when I'm dressed.” Then I closed the door. His constant persistence to get his way had gotten quite annoying.
The skull print skinny jeans fit perfect. Next, I tried on a black skirt and rose-patterned top. I looked in the mirror. The skirt looked good. However, the corset fit everywhere but the bust. My breasts practically fell out of it. Even Chad would be upset if I dressed that way on stage.
“Ready?” Keith knocked on the door.
I took in a slow breath. “It don’t fit.”
“Lemme see,” he insisted. I opened the door. He jumped into the room and shut the door. “Shit, girl. You look so fucking sexy.” He pressed me against a wall and tugged the skirt up, eyes glazed over with desire. “Too sexy for hands off.”
I panicked. “Keith-”
He silenced me with a kiss. Hands slid up my thighs then over my ass. I struggled a bit, sure we could be heard. His kisses became aggressive. He tried to lift me by my thighs but had some trouble. His behavior scared me to say the least. I tried to pull away, but he held on tight.
“Here is perfect.” He roughly directed me to the bench and turned me toward it. “Bend over. Put your hands down.”
I heard him open his pants. “Keith, really?” I turned to see him roll a condom on. “This is not a good idea.”
He put pressure between my shoulders, which forced me to bend over. “Stay still.”
I looked up at the mirror and saw us. Keith’s expression was desperate. Then I froze. There were feet at the bottom of the door. Voices filtered through. I swore one of them was Chad. That couldn’t be. He was out with Brianna.
“Mmm, yeah.” Keith stretched my panties out at the crotch.
I gasped when he pushed two fingers into me. His thumb touched my clit lightly before he started to rub it slowly. Foreplay for my pleasure was rare, so I closed my eyes and enjoyed it. Just as I felt the pressure build, he shoved his cock into me. My eyes opened wide. I was so lost in my pending orgasm I had forgotten he wanted sex.
“Keith, stop. Please.” I heard the voices again as he drove in and out of me quickly. “Please, Keith.”
His hips stilled. “You gotta be kiddin’ me.” He trailed his hands over my back. “Just let me cum.” He reached around, grasped my breasts and thrust in hard. “Look in the mirror, and I’ll be quick.”
The voices continued outside the door. I chose to give him what he wanted so we could leave. When I looked up and met his eyes in the mirror, he grinned. His hands gripped my waist, and he started to pump into me hard and fast again. My breasts jiggled. Then both burst from the corset and swung freely.
Keith moaned. His hips slapped my ass harder, and I winced. “Cum already.” He slipped a hand into my panties and toyed with my clit. “I hate when I cum and you don’t.”
I shuddered as he added pressure. Two fingers massaged my clit in circles. His cock grazed my sweet spot within, and my eyes open wide. He must have heard me gasp because he concentrated on that spot with the head of his erection. Within seconds, I felt like I had exploded from the inside. My hands balled into fists.
“Finally.” He groaned softly. “Crystal.” His hushed tone was a relief. As soon as my body relaxed, his hips stopped and his fingers dug into my hips. “Fuck.” His cock pulsated as he continued to pump into me slowly. “See. No one heard us.” He pulled out carefully. “I’m gonna get a tissue from your purse.”
I stood and fixed my underwear. Then I adjusted my top. When I looked up, Keith held the doorknob with a wad of tissues in his other hand. “Wait.”
He turned to me just as he opened it. “Relax.” Then he stepped out and crashed right into Chad. “Oh shit.” He paled and glanced back at me.
Chad’s mouth dropped. “That was you?” His eyes focused on Keith. “You fucked her here?”
I quickly moved between them. “Chad, this needs to stop.”
“Yeah.” Brianna grabbed his arm. “You told me you’d leave them alone.” She looked from me to Chad, a jealous expression on her face. “I’m your girlfriend, right?”
I wondered if she thought something had gone on between us. “I think you need to talk this out.”
“Or duke it out,” Chad grumbled.
Keith stood up straight. “Fine. We can do that if it’ll get you off my back.”
“Hey.” I put a hand on each of their chests. “I don’t want you to fight over me. How about you agree to disagree?” I looked at Keith. “Maybe you tell him you won’t hurt me.” Then I turned to Chad. "And you accept it.” They both groaned and rolled their eyes. I laughed. “See you agree on something.”
Brianna sighed. “Let’s meet in the food court in twenty minutes.” She seemed sincere. “I’m tired of you two like this.” Her gaze moved to Keith. It lingered longer than I thought necessary.
“Good idea.” I gripped Keith’s arm. “Right?”
He mumbled, “Fine, whatever.”
Chad threw his hands up. “Yeah, whatever.”
I noticed that he had something in his right hand, earrings. “Can I see?” He lifted them up. Medium sized dangling skulls. “Nice. They’ll look good on you.” I loved that he had both ears pierced.
“Thanks.” Chad’s eyes raked me over. “You can’t wear that.” He waved a hand at my chest. “Your tits’ll fall out if you bend over.”
With a nod, I replied, “It’s too small.” I looked back at the mirror behind me. “I need a bit more coverage.”
Brianna blushed and covered her small breasts with her arms. “You don’t haveta brag.”
“I’m sorry.” I felt bad. “It’s not so easy having a rack like this.”
Keith bit his lip. “But it is nice to look at.” He elbowed Chad. “Right?”
Their eyes met and Chad smiled. “True.”
“Fine,” Brianna huffed and walked away.
Chad sighed in frustration. “I give up trying to make her happy. I’ll see you in like twenty minutes.”
I watched them walk away before we got a larger size in the corset. That one fit better but still revealed too much. Keith searched through all the women’s tops for something that went with the skirt and boots. He came back to me with several black ones. Some had slits, some were loose, and some were tight. All of them fit and looked good.
“This is my favorite.” He ran his hand over the back of the last blouse I had tried on. It had slits all the way down the back. “Shows off just enough.” He gave me a quick kiss. “Do you have black bras?”
I shook my head. “Not that I know of.”
His wicked grin returned. “Then off to Victoria’s Secret we go.”
“Not yet. We have to meet Chad and Brianna.”
His eyebrows went up. “Oh yeah. Gotta get this over with.”
After we paid for the clothes, we slowly walked to the food court. I felt Keith’s anxiety. He could never take Chad in a fight, and he knew it. Chad was fast and strong. I had seen him take down men much bigger than him. When I was concerned, he was even worse. I hoped it never came to a brawl.
Chad and Brianna sat on the left side close to the pizza shop. They laughed together. When we approached, Brianna looked up. “Sit.”
I pulled out a chair and sat. Then I put my purse and bags under the table.
Keith was most definitely nervous. “Um, uh, I’ll go get us something.” He put a hand on my chair. “Pizza or chicken?” He knew I did not eat much fast food.
“Chicken.” I thought for a few seconds. “And a Sprite, too. Thanks.” As soon as he was out of earshot, I glared at Chad. “Don’t be rude to him. Please?” I took his hand that lay on the table. “He means well and I like him.”
Chad exhaled loudly, to try to hide his anger. “Does he have to be so cocky?”
“Ha! You should talk!” I laughed. “Do you have any idea how you act around him? It's like you’re in a constant pissing contest. Whip ’em out and compare already.”
Brianna choked on her water. She continued to cough as Chad pounded her back to try to help. When she had caught her breath, she looked at me with a shy smile. “Obviously, you’ve never seen Chad naked.” She winked. “He’d win hands down.” She giggled which caused more choking.
My face heated up when I got her meaning. I had nothing to say to that.
“Told you,” Chad mumbled to Brianna when she had recovered. “I don’t know why you don’t believe me.”
She glanced at me. “Because of how you protect her.”
“Don’t start that shit again.” Chad slapped the table, which made me jump. “I’m only with you.” He gave me a look of longing. “I swear.”
I stood and walked a few feet away so I didn’t hear their conversation. It was obvious Brianna had accused Chad of sleeping with me at least once. Their argument continued while I searched for Keith. He still waited in line.
“Come sit down, Crystal,” Chad urged. “We’ll stop.”
I glanced at Chad then at Keith again. Since I was the reason for their fight, it made me feel awkward. I walked back to the table. “I’m sorry if I did something to start that.”
“You didn’t.” Chad grabbed my hand and tugged me closer. “Don’t worry about it.”
Reluctantly, I sat. “Um, so, what you guys up to tonight?”
“Skating.” Brianna grinned. “Finally.”
Chad rolled his eyes. “I didn’t say no last time. I had work to do.” His website business was still quite active. “I liked skating.” He looked at me and mumbled, “When I was ten.”
Brianna punched his arm. “I heard that.” Then she smiled. “It’s fun and there’s no kids tonight.” She winked at me. “Couples only.”
Keith set a tray down next to me. “I got you a grilled sandwich. Right?”
With a smile, I nodded. “Exactly. Thanks.” I picked up my drink and took a sip. “Chad and Brianna are going skating. Wanna go?”
Keith’s face paled. “Skating?” His voice cracked. “You mean like on roller skates?”
“Yeah, silly.” I playfully slapped his bicep. His expression told me he did not like the idea. “We don’t have to if you don’t want.”
He looked to Chad then me. After a few seconds, he swallowed. “Um, I—I guess. Um, uh, so, tonight?” He sounded terrified.
“I swear I won’t be a dick.” Chad put a hand out to Keith. “Truce.”
Keith took his hand and shook it. “OK, truce. I’m sorry if I offended you in any way where Crystal’s concerned.”
“And I’m sorry I keep getting in the middle of your business.” Chad seemed sincere. “As long as you don’t hurt her, we’re cool.” He smiled at me.
I let out a long exhale, relieved. “Thank God for that.”

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

“Uh, Crystal?” Keith still sat on the bench, skates on. He looked up. “Crystal, I-”
I grabbed his hands and tried to pull him up.
“Wait!” He yanked his hands back and held the bench tightly. “Uh… I don’t know how.” His gaze shifted to the floor. “I never skated before.”
My mouth dropped slightly. That was a major obstacle. “O—K. So…” I looked around. There were not enough places to hold onto for him to get used to it.
“I’m sorry.” Keith slapped his thighs. “You were so excited. I didn’t wanna fuck that up. I shoulda said something earlier.”
Determined it would work out, I smiled. “Don’t worry. I’ll teach you.” I rolled backward and skated around the bench. “It’s mostly about balance, and you gotta keep moving.” I stopped in front of him. “Hold onto me.”
His hands moved to my bare legs, just below the hem of my skirt. “OK, but don’t laugh.” He took my hands again.
We got to the edge of the rink without incident. He had a death grip on my hands. It was interesting to see him in that position. I tried not to laugh since he looked terrified.
I stepped onto the polished wood and tugged on his hands, but he pulled back. “Come on. We’ll go slow.”
“I’m gonna fall on my ass.” Keith looked at his feet.
Chad and Brianna flew by. Chad shouted, “If I gotta do it, you do.”
Keith gripped my hands tighter. “He’s never gonna let me live it down if I fall on my face.”
“Will you just chill and try.” I rolled my eyes.
He stepped toward me, not onto the rink, but just before. Then he took several deep breaths. When he finally set foot on the rink, he started to slip right away. He grabbed my shoulders and groaned.
“Fuck, I’m so stupid.” He leaned his head on mine. “Sorry I didn’t say anything before.” His hands shook. “I just want Chad to accept me.”
I grinned as Chad passed us again. “It’s OK. You’ll be fine.” I skated backward while he clung to me. “Move your feet like mine.”
“I can’t.” He was almost frozen.
With a sigh, I pulled my head back. “Hold my hands and follow me. I won’t let go.”
He reluctantly grabbed my hands, one at a time. Then I forced him to try, by skating faster. He yelped, struggled and almost fell, but he caught himself. We made it around once, both on our feet.
“See, not so bad.” I smiled at Keith.
He straightened a bit, his legs less stiff. “I think I’m getting it.”
I let one of his hands go and rolled next to him. “Use your arms to balance.” I watched his feet. “You can take longer strides.”
“This is fun.” He squeezed my hand then suddenly, he tripped and went down. “Shit!”
As I fell with him, I checked behind us. The coast was clear. A pileup would have been so much worse. He yanked me down, and I sprawled on top of him. My elbow slammed into the floor, making me wince.
“You OK?” Chad skidded to a stop beside us. “You hurt?” He lifted me and fixed my clothes. “Baby, you OK?”
I nodded and put a hand out to Keith. He got to his knees then put a foot down. He slid back down again. Chad held onto me, so I didn’t fall with him. Frustrated, Keith punched the floor.
“Hey, man.” Chad put a hand out to Keith. “I fell a bunch of times the first time I tried.” He helped Keith up and kept him steady. “Only Crystal’s a natural at this.”
Brianna skated around us. “Your first time?” She winked at Keith.
Keith gave her a devious smile. “Yeah, be gentle.”
My mouth opened slightly. Are they flirting? Can’t be. “I’m trying to teach him.” I took Keith’s hands again. “We’ll go slower this time.”
That time we made it around twice together. Keith started to loosen up a bit which helped. Halfway through the third trip, Keith let me go and tried it on his own. He faltered a few times, but used his arms to catch his balance again.
“There you go, dude,” Chad called to Keith as he rolled by. Brianna held his hand and flashed us both a grin.
Keith looked more confident as the night wore on. We stopped to have a bite to eat for a while. Then he urged me right back onto the rink. By the end of the night, I was exhausted.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“Wanna go to the river with us?” Chad asked as he opened the passenger door of his van for Brianna when we got home.
“I thought we were gonna-”
Chad cut off Brianna with, “Take a walk.” He glared at Brianna.
Keith had gotten out and called over his car, “Yeah, good idea.” He was parked in Chad’s driveway as well.
“No. I’m tired.” I yawned, still in the passenger seat of Keith’s car, door open. “I wanna go to bed.”
He came around the car and looked at me. “I was hoping you’d come to my place after the river.”
“Why? For sex?” I huffed and banged my head on the back of the seat. “Can’t there be one night you don’t wanna fuck?” I hated that everything was about sex with him. Multiple times, I had refused him.
Then I heard a high-pitched cry of anger. “Just take me home then!”
I turned to see Chad follow Brianna down the driveway. “Brianna, why’d you gotta do this?” He walked down the block after her.
“What happened over there?” Keith pointed to Chad and Brianna, who were shouting at each other a few houses down.
I shrugged. “I don’t know. One minute they were fine. The next she was bitching about something.” I sighed. “What else’s new?” She annoyed me most of the time.
“Fuck this!” Brianna yelled. She stomped toward us. “Keith, can you take me home? Please?”
He looked to me. “Uh… you OK with that?”
“Why can’t Chad take you?” I didn’t like that she spent so much time with my boyfriend.
She scowled. “I don’t wanna talk to him.” She glared at me. “He’s too obsessed with your life.”
Keith put a hand out to me and helped me out of the car. “Let me take her and I’ll see you tomorrow.” He kissed my lips and turned to Brianna. “Don’t worry. I’ll get you home.” He directed me out of the way and helped Brianna into the car.
I stood there stunned as he pulled away. What just happened here?
“No idea what the fuck her problem is.” Chad leaned his arms on my shoulders. “It’s like she’s bi-polar. I never know what’s gonna set her off.” He sighed. “She didn’t like me inviting you guys.”
I reached up and put my hands over his. “She’ll get over it. She always does.”
It was weird. She would be pissed as hell at him. Then the next day, she acted as if she had to make up for something. I thought Chad didn’t notice it. He always seemed to blow it off. I should’ve known better.
“Tomorrow things’ll be just fine.” I leaned back into him.
He wrapped his arms around me and took my hands with him. “Yeah, probably.” We stayed like that for a few minutes more. Then he took a deep breath. “You wanna come to the river with me? I need to think. Please?”
I closed my eyes. He needed me, but I was exhausted. I dug deep and found the strength. “Sure, for a while.”
He squeezed me. “Thanks, baby. I know you’re tired.”
“You’re welcome.” I closed my eyes and felt his angst. It got to me even more. “Let’s go.”
The trip to the river was quiet. Chad tried not to show it, but he was hurt. I wanted to know what that bitch had said to him. However, I needed to let him deal with it first. Once he parked, we walked along the path in silence for a while. We turned around once we got to the first mile marker and headed back toward his van.
When we had gotten close, I noticed there was another car in the small lot. The windows had fogged up. I smiled. Obviously, a couple was having a good time in there.
“Isn’t that Keith’s car?” Chad started to walk faster.
I stared at the Honda Civic. The mismatched doors and hood were just like Keith’s. It can’t be. Can it? My heart began to pound. My mind went blank with anger and panic. Who’s he here with? How could he do this to me?
Chad started to run. He pulled open the back door of the Honda. I briefly saw a man on his knees, ass bared. He held female hips. His hips pumped, obviously fucking the girl. My mouth dropped as Chad yanked the man out. Oh my God! It’s Keith.
“What the fuck?” Keith cried out.
Chad screamed, “You cheatin’ on her? You fuckin’ asshole.” His fist landed on Keith’s jaw. “How the fuck could you do this?”
I gaped at Keith. His pants were around his fucking knees and a condom covered his shrinking cock. My mind reeled. There could be only one woman in the car, but I hoped I was wrong. Please don’t be her. Please don’t be her. I heard Chad and Keith’s fight as I walked around the car. I opened the other back door and heard sobs. The girl only wore an open blouse and shoes. I couldn’t remember what she had worn that night. Furious, I grabbed her arm and dragged her toward me. Hair in her face, she tried to pull free.
“He’s taken,” I screamed at her.
Without another thought, I decked her, which knocked her onto her back. Then my mouth dropped. All hope that I had been wrong was lost. I looked over the car. At some point, Keith had managed to get his pants up. He and Chad struggled for dominance. Both of them landed punches.
Another look in the car told me that Brianna had started to dress. I glanced at the fight again. “Chad… Chad!” I knew he was blinded by his rage and hadn’t thought about who Keith was with.
He looked up. “What?” He stumbled when a fist got him in the ribs.
“Chad! Look in the car.”
He gave me a confused look then did as I asked. “You fucking bitch.” His expression turned hard. “How long you been fuckin’ him?” He glared at Keith for a few seconds, who backed down.
As she sniffled and tried to stop crying, a finally dressed Brianna stepped out of the car. “I—I’m… I’m sorry, Chad.” She wiped her nose on her arm. “You just… just… he… he…”
“You couldn’t say no, huh?” Chad shouted. “He whips his dick out and all you can think about is bending over and letting him fuck you?” He glanced at me. “He was fucking her doggie style. Nice, huh? What a great end to a now fucked up night.”
I turned away, hurt, confused, and unsure what to think. Chad’s girlfriend and my boyfriend? What the fuck? Then I remembered all the times they looked at each other. The subtle glances, the winks and whispered conversations, all finally made sense. That asshole!
“How could you do this?” Chad got in Brianna’s face.
I snapped out of my thoughts and ran over to him. He was too furious to think. I ignored Keith and tugged Chad’s arm. “Chad, can we go? Please?” I gritted my teeth to hold back tears. Never in my life had I felt so betrayed. “They’re not worth it. Let them have each other.”
Chad snatched the chain he had bought from Brianna’s neck. “Don’t even think about calling me again.” He stalked to his van and dragged me behind him. “Fucking slut. Bet they’ve been doin’ it for months. I always thought something was going on. She kept denying it.”
I let him vent. There was nothing to say anyway.
He lifted me into his van. “Baby, you a’right?” He took my hands in his and looked into my eyes. “Talk to me.”
“Not yet,” I whispered. The last thing I wanted was Keith to see me cry over him. “Can we go to your house?”
He kissed my forehead. “Yeah. I like that idea.”
All the way home, I went over the past few months in my head. Chad had been right about Keith, although he’d had no clue about Brianna. I didn’t like her but never suspected she would cheat on Chad. The fact that I gave my virginity to Keith made my chest tighten. I let a slime ball cheater be my first. It was the worst decision I had ever made. One I could never take back.
“Crystal?” Chad called to me.
I jumped. “Huh?” Then I realized the van was in his driveway, and he stood outside my door. “Sorry, just thinking.”
“Yeah, been doing a lot of that, too.” He unbuckled my seatbelt and took me by the waist. “We can talk upstairs.” He helped me out and took my hand. “This is fucked up.”
Soon we quietly walked up to his room. I sat on his bed before he even closed the door. The night flashed before my eyes yet again. Tears fell before I knew it. The pain was so much more than I had expected. He’d cheated on me, most likely multiple times. My hands clenched into fists as I wished I could take back every second I had spent with him.
“Hey, my baby girl.” Chad knelt before me. “It’s OK.” He threw his arms around me. “I’m here. Let it out.”
My entire body shuddered when I sobbed into his shoulder. He held my head to him and leaned his cheek on mine. I clutched his shirt and let my feelings flow. After a few minutes, he shook as well. A few tears splashed on my neck as his hands ran up and down my back. I hugged him as tight as I could. He was just as upset. The anger finally faded.
We held onto each other for quite a while. When Chad shifted his legs, I looked up. “Your knees are hurting.”
“Kinda,” he whispered. The pain was evident in his voice.
“Up.” I pat his shoulder. “Get up here with me.”
He stood then sat next to me. “I wish I could bleach my brain.” He closed his eyes. “All I can see is his ass while he plowed into my fuckin’ girlfriend.” He grabbed my hand. “Her hands were on the window in front of her. She was moaning.” His hands shook. “I bet it started that night we met Paulie. The next day she was way too sweet. She kept saying it was nothing. In the back of my mind, I never forgot it.”
Suddenly, he hugged me again. Caught off balance, I fell back. He moved me to lay my head on his pillow. Then he held me close again.
“Sorry I was right,” he softly said in my ear. “Think we’ll get in trouble if you sleep here?” He sighed and kissed my lips. “I don’t wanna be alone.”
I closed my eyes. I wish. “My dad’ll hit the roof.” I tangled my fingers in his hair absently. “I’ll stay as long as I can.”
Chad sighed and laid a hand on my face. “Kiss me, baby. I need you.”
I looked up. He stared at me, eyes glassy. How could I say no to him? I slowly brushed my lips over his. Then I closed my eyes again. I wanted the world to fade.
He turned us and laid on top of me. “Baby…” His lips pressed to mine, hard. My heart beat faster, and I fisted his hair. “Mmm, damn.” Our kisses became passionate.
I put one arm around him as desire took hold. My hips instinctively lifted, legs parted, skirt up. His body moved. Then his partially engorged cock pressed into the crotch of my panties. We both moaned as he rubbed it into me. A hand grasped my right breast. My back arched when he started to toy with my nipple. Heat flooded my loins.
“Fuck… Want you…” Chad gasped. His hips moved faster.
My eyes rolled back. I grabbed a handful of his shirt. His dick rubbed my clit through my panties. My hands shook with anticipation. If he continued, my insides would explode.
As he panted in my ear, Chad groaned. “Please, baby. Let me make love to you. We can forget about them and have each other.”
“We… uh… can’t.” My body tensed. Oh God. I’m about to cum. He ground into me harder. I can’t take it anymore. “Now, Chad.”
He moaned. “Love you, baby. Love you so much.”
When he started to pull my panties down, his words sunk in. “Wait. We can’t.” It was wrong to let him make love to me when I didn’t feel the same. Even if it was to just feel connected to someone. “I’m sorry.”
“Please.” He sounded more desperate than ever.
I pursed my lips. I didn’t want to let his emotional state get to me. If I did, I would give in. “We can’t do it because of this.” A lump formed in my throat. I swallowed but it remained. “Rebound sex is not how this should start.”
His entire body froze then shuddered. “Sorry.” He hugged me tightly. “You’re right.” He shifted and nuzzled my neck. “I’m so sorry.”
“Hey, I get it.” I ran my fingers through his hair. “I—I… I’m vulnerable, too.” Should I admit how bad I want him? Not a good idea.
He took a deep breath. “Yeah.” His lips slid over my jaw then to my lips. “I should get you home before I start something again.” He moved his hips, and his cock rubbed my clit again.
I held in a moan. “Please get up. Please.”
With a nod, Chad rose to his knees. “Good idea.” He grinned as he looked me over. “Nice panties.”
I shoved my skirt back down. “Chad!”
“What?” He smirked. “They were right there. You know how much I love blue.” He bit his lip then lifted my blouse a bit. “Oh nice. Matching set.”
I quickly got off the bed and rolled my eyes. “Really, Chad?”
“Couldn’t help it. I had to know.”
Not able to stop it, I smiled. “Most of my underwear matches.”
He also stood but turned away from me. “Um, gimme a couple of seconds.” He shoved a hand into his pants, most likely to adjust his erection. When he turned back, his eyes showed pain and frustration.
“You OK?” I touched his cheek.
He laid his hand over mine. “I will be. Thanks.” Minutes later, we stood in my living room. He pulled me into his arms. “Call me if you can’t sleep. I doubt I can.”
“I will.” On my tiptoes, I placed a soft kiss on his lips. “Thanks for being there for me.”
He gave me a half-smile. “You, too.” He bent down and gave me another kiss. “I love you so much.”
“I know.” I patted his cheek. “G’night.”
“Night.” He stepped outside. “Lock up.”
I closed the door and locked it. Then I dragged myself up to my room. I didn’t want to be alone either, but I had no choice. After I had used the bathroom and changed into a long t-shirt Chad had let me borrow once, I laid on my bed.
When I turned over, I saw Chad’s light still on. I stared through his window and hoped to get a glimpse of him. I missed him already. He soon appeared. He paced, most definitely still upset. He put his hands in his hair a few times. It looked like he wanted to scream. I debated if I should call him to try to ease it.
Then he started to strip. My eyes widened. He angrily threw his shirt across the room and kicked his shoes off. His jeans came down and he tossed them against a wall. My body started to respond involuntarily. I stared at his tented boxers. He paced for another minute. Suddenly, he glanced my way, threw his hands up and quickly left the room.
Did he see me? Or is he just thinking of me? I’d never know unless I asked, and I wasn’t about to do that.
After quite some time, he came back and dropped on his bed, head in his hands. I hoped he didn’t feel guilty about what had almost happened between us. It was as much my fault as it was his. I had encouraged him and enjoyed it more than I should have. I didn’t want him to suffer so I grabbed my phone and sent him a text.
Can we go to the beach tomorrow? We need more time to think… together.
I watched Chad grab his phone from his jeans pocket. He smiled then typed something.
My phone went off. I glanced at it, a text from Chad. Big surprise.
Sure, baby. Great idea. Love u. Sweet dreams.
When I looked out the window again, Chad waved to me. I gave him a huge smile and waved back. Then I blew him a kiss. He pretended to catch it and grinned. Then he laid down. I was glad to be of some help.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

“Why can’t I stay home alone?” I didn’t understand why my parents still treated me like I was a kid. “I’m eighteen. I can vote, but I need a babysitter?” I stood outside with them as they packed my father’s car on a hot mid-August afternoon.
My father gave me a sideways glance. “My house, my rules.”
“David, stop.” My mother put a hand on my arm. “We’ll worry about you otherwise. Valerie said you could use Josh’s room.” She looked to my father. “Maybe next time we'll see.”
I huffed. “I'll be in college soon. Then I can do what I want.” There were only two weeks until I could move there.
“If you keep that up, young lady, that dorm room is history. Then you’ll be living here four more years.”
I had made the Dean’s List, and they'd vowed to keep their end of the bargain. Chad had rented a house with a few of his friends near school. I didn’t want to be the only one back home. Phil was still in high school, but the last thing I wanted was him around daily. He was bad enough as it was.
“Fine.” I crossed my arms over my chest. “You’ll be back Tuesday?”
My mother smiled. “Yes.” She leaned in close. “Don’t have too much fun with Chad.” Then she met my eyes and winked.
Shocked, my eyes widened, and my mouth dropped. I couldn’t believe she’d said it front of Dad. “It’s not like that, Mom.”
She gave me a small smile. “Chad said he would keep Will at bay.”
“That boy...” My father’s face screwed up. “Why can’t he be more like Chad and Josh?”
He had seen Will relentlessly pursue me for the past two years. Good thing he had no idea how aggressive Will had been. The most he had seen was Will whisper in my ear. You would think that with all the elbows to the ribs, he would give up. He always wanted what he couldn’t have. Josh, on the other hand, saw me as a younger sister.
The last of their bags was into the trunk. At least they’d left me my mom’s car to use. I turned to the empty house. They’d already set the alarm. I didn't have the new code, so I couldn’t attempt to sneak in.
My father had become increasingly overprotective ever since I had started puberty. I looked forward to college and getting out from under his thumb. I knew he meant well, but it had gotten out of hand. Rebellion had never been a thought until recently, but it looked better and better.
“Baby, you almost ready?” Chad walked toward us from his house. “Everyone’ll be here in a few.”
I called back, “Yeah, just saying goodbye.” My duffle bag sat at my feet. I hoped I had packed everything I needed.
We had a gig that night. Our fanbase grew each week, mostly because Paulie had finally joined us. Even Killer Bite was shocked by the difference he made in our music. It was all about chemistry.
“No staying out all night,” my father said just before he climbed into the car.
My mother kissed my cheek. “See you Tuesday.”
When they were gone, Chad tossed my bag over his shoulder. “Come on, baby.” He placed a hand on the middle of my lower back.
Ever since Paulie had come back, I really looked forward to playing. It wasn’t just the way we played together. We clicked. He got me and understood my relationship with Chad. We talked for hours sometimes, about everything under the sun.
He made no indication that he was interested in me in any other way, although I was increasingly attracted to him. The subtle hints that worked on others seemed to be lost on him.
“Let me help you get settled,” Chad said as we walked up the stairs to the second floor. Once in Josh’s room, he set my bag on the floor and walked to the chest of drawers. “Josh said you can use his computer. I made a guest account for you.” He looked toward the door then back at me. “He said just don’t look in this drawer.” He pointed to the top one in the chest.
My eyebrows went up. “How come?”
“Um, well…” His face heated up a bit. “I looked. Just don’t, baby. You don’t wanna know what’s in there.”
That piqued my curiosity. “OK.” No way in hell would I stay away at that point. I’d have to wait until Chad was asleep, though.
“So—o—o…” He looked around the room nervously. “Gonna ride with me tomorrow?”
My eyebrows narrowed. “Ride?”
“Um, yeah.” He shifted his weight. “You forgot? We were gonna take out the dirt bikes. You coming?” He had modified his bike with rear pegs and seat for me.
I wasn’t sure why he was nervous about something like that. “Why wouldn’t I?”
“I dunno.” He shrugged. “Did you remember clothes for that?”
Something was up with him. “Yeah. Chad, what’s wrong?”
He put his hands in front of his crotch. “You being so close… all night… got my imagination going.” He looked away. “Sorry.”
I bit my lower lip. Obviously, he saw us in bed. It started fantasies in my own mind. I felt his arms around me and his cock pressed against my pelvis. All he had to do was shift down and thrust into me. Since I was sleeping over, would we let it happen tonight?
“Hey, relax.” I moved over to him and put my hands on his waist. My desire almost made me press my body to his.
He reacted with a flinch. “I can’t…” He stepped back. “Can’t …deal with that now.”
I looked up and saw the sexual frustration in his eyes. He had not met a girl he was interested in since we had found Keith and Brianna together more than two weeks prior. I was in the same boat. For the first time in my life, I craved sex. I didn’t understand that feeling before Keith. It made me want to bend the rules for Chad. Maybe we could help each other get relief without sex?
“Crystal, I’m a bit wound up,” Chad admitted. “It’s my own fault. It always is.” He sighed. “My fucking mind’s my worst enemy.” He ran his hands through his hair. Then he took a few deep breaths and muttered, “I need a girlfriend.”
I heard him loud and clear. “Know what you mean.”
He turned to me and nodded. “Guys’re gonna be here soon.” He went to the door. “Come on. I need to get my head in the music.”
When we got to the first floor, he headed to the kitchen. "Garage is that way." I pointed to the front of the house.
Chad turned and smiled. “Gotta check on the ribs I'm slow cooking.”
“Ah OK.” I followed him. The kitchen smelled so good. “Damn.” He opened the oven and the room filled with the scent of meat and barbecue sauce.
He used a potholder to pull the rack out and flipped each set over. “I got a good deal on these.”
“I can’t wait to taste ’em.” My mouth watered in anticipation. He was an excellent cook, especially with meat. “Need me to make something to go with it?”
After he closed the oven, he turned to me. “I got Italian bread and Mom said she would make veggies for everyone.”
The front door opened and closed. Minutes later, Chad's father asked, “Oooh, what’s that smell?”
“Ribs,” Chad called to him as Luke walked upstairs. “They'll be ready in like thirty minutes.” He closed the oven and grinned at me. “These are gonna be great.”
I knew they would be. He was creative in the kitchen. In our sophomore year, we had taken a cooking class at school, and since then, he was hooked. Thankfully, I could cook as well, so he didn’t show me up. “The guys’re gonna love ’em for sure.”
“Yep.” Chad took my hand and pulled me toward the garage. “Time to get my mind off your body.”
As I blushed, I followed him.
Paulie and Andy stood in the open garage, while they set up. “What’s up?” Paulie gave us a broad smile.
“Can’t wait for tonight,” Chad replied.
I smiled at Paulie with a slight leer. His hair had grown which made him even sexier. He wore a wife beater. Although I hated that term, he looked good in it. He and Chad worked out together almost daily.
Anytime I could, I watched. Just the thought of their sweaty bodies as they pumped iron got my panties wet. At about six foot two, Paulie nearly matched Chad pound for pound. Daily, his definition improved which made him even more enticing. I loved men with muscles.
“Hel—lo, Crystal.” Paulie waved a hand in front of my face. “Earth to Crystal.”
My body jerked when I realized Paulie stood before me. “Sorry, just thinking.” A shy smile formed on my face as it heated up. If he only knew what I was thinking.
“Thinkin’ of me?” His tone dripped of desire. “Same here.” His lips touched my ear. “Always.”
I didn’t know what to say. Honesty sounded good. “Um, yeah.” My voice was soft, though.
“Good.” He moved away and winked when my gaze set on him again.
My heart beat like crazy. He’s interested? It was odd, but since I had talked about Keith a few days earlier, he treated me differently. Although, that was the first time he had flirted.
My panties were about to be drenched. I watched him plug into a practice amp. He purposely showed off his biceps as he adjusted his guitar. Then he gave me a sidelong glance and winked again.
“Here, baby.” Chad handed me my new five-string Schecter bass.
I took it by the neck then donned the strap. The day after both of our lives had changed, we did go to the beach. After, Chad had taken me to Barry’s, the local music shop. At his insistence, he had paid for a custom-made bass for me.
The frets were made for my small hands. I ran a hand over the white body. Chad suggested blue or red, but I wanted white so I could one day put a design on it.
“Looks good.” Andy stepped into the garage. “How’s it sound?”
I grinned. Then with a pick, I ran through a sequence from one of our newest songs, “Her Desire.” That song had started as a joke about me. Then Danny of Killer Bite had heard it and wanted it as part of our regular set.
“Damn good, girl,” Andy announced.
Paulie came close and whispered, “Female bassists get me hard.”
Our eyes met, and I bit my lip. His mouth opened slightly, and his eyes showed how much I affected him. Maybe he’s teasing me? It confused the hell out of me. A rumble ended the deliberation. I looked up to see a motorcycle roll up the driveway.
Daniel took off his helmet and shut off his bike. “I’m here you lucky people.” When he walked into the garage, he smirked at me. “Look at you, sexy lady. Love the new bass.” His eyes raked over my body as he came toward me. “How about you play in a bikini?”
“I second that,” Phil shouted as he walked up the driveway. “Imagine the crowds that’d-” A slap to the head from Chad then Paulie shut him up. “What the fuck?”
Chad growled, “You know what.”
“Yeah, yeah…” Phil looked at me, his bottom lip out. “Sorry, Crystal.”
Paulie put a hand on his shoulder. “Stop treating her like that. It’s not right. She’s in the band, not a groupie.” He took a step toward me, and our eyes met. Then he mouthed, “I wanna see that.”
Daniel tapped a cymbal as his feet lightly pounded his bass drums. “Let’s go. Show tonight and we gotta nail it!”
That night was special. Killer Bite was about to go on a US tour opening for Brass Monkey, so we had to prove we could headline in their absence. We had five new songs to present and hoped that would seal it for us.
I shook my arms out and flexed my fingers. Then I took a deep breath. Unlike most bands, my bass lines were complicated. I closed my eyes and listened to Chad and Paulie play the intro to “Scarred.” That was a joint effort, but the idea had come from Paulie. It told me he had some baggage. Everyone had some type of scar. That’s what the song was about.
Daniel and I came in together. Then Andy started to hum. The beat quickened, then Andy belted out the first lines:

“Inside, outside.
We all have ’em, too.
Learn from 'em, live with ’em.
Or they’ll control you.”

My fingers moved over my fretboard smoothly. The new bass fit me perfectly. It felt much better than my six-string guitar. I had started to prefer the bass. I wasn’t sure if it was the custom frets, the weight or the thicker strings. Either way, I felt good about it.
When the song ended, Daniel jumped up. “Hell yes! That bass is fucking perfect.”
“Yeah, much better,” Paulie added. “Crystal you’re a great guitar player, but you kill with the bass.”
My face heated up. “Thanks.”
“Crystal, that was awesome.” Andy smiled at me. “Let’s do ‘Outta My Mind.’”
I hid my smile and got my fingers in place. That song started with a bass solo. It was mostly my song. I wrote the first two verses and the chorus. When Andy saw it, it seemed to speak to him. He had immediately written down two more verses. Then we had worked on the bridge together. I told no one it was about Chad, not even him.
The intro was fast. I repeated a sequence of notes twice then Daniel tapped a cymbal and bass drum for the next set. When Chad came in, Paulie did as well. Then Daniel changed to a quicker beat, using both arms and legs. Once the second verse ended, Chad began his solo, as Paulie and I backed him up.
The beat slowed at the bridge. After that, Andy nodded his head and waited for his cue. Right on time, he half-sang, half-shouted:

“Just give me one chance.
One shot.
One night to show you what I got.”

Then back to the chorus again:

“You got me going outta my mind.
Got the sweetest lips I’ll ever find.”

“Hot fucking damn!” Andy hooted, excitedly when the song ended. “We’re gonna blow ’em away tonight!”
I glanced at Paulie, who winked at me. When everyone else had left to grab a drink inside, we were left alone.
“So...” He dragged out the word as he stepped in my direction. “Keith’s history, huh?” His sly smile made my core clench.
I nodded, not able to find much to say.
“Sorry to hear that.” He looked anything but sorry. There was no way I imagined the desire in his eyes that time. “That means that you’re-”
Chad walked back into the garage, and Paulie backed away from me. “Dinner’s almost ready.” Chad threw an arm around my shoulders. “Mom’s keeping an eye on it for me.” He lifted his guitar. “Got time for one more.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

About fifteen minutes later, we sat around the dining room table. Chad sat on one side of me and Paulie on the other. I looked across the table at Will, who had come home in time for dinner. He was not happy Chad had forced him to sit far away from me. I was glad for it.
I glanced at the meat in my hands. Ribs were messy. Would Paulie be turned off by barbecue sauce all over my face? Only one way to find out, huh? I threw caution to the wind and took a bite. It was so tender it fell off the bone. Quickly, I wiped my mouth with a napkin.
“Missed a spot.” Paulie used his thumb to rub the corner of my mouth. “Love a girl who can eat.”
My face reddened, so I stared at my plate. It took me a minute to recover. Then I smiled and finished off the first rib. Paulie tossed two more onto my plate and grinned when our eyes met. He was very different from the other men I had known.
“Chad, these are awesome,” Daniel said around a mouthful. “Pass the bread, please.”
Andy handed him a thick slice. “Makes a cool sandwich.” He yanked the bone out of a rib and stuffed the meat onto a piece of bread. Taking a bite, he moaned softly. “You need to cook more often.”
Everyone enjoyed the meal and the conversation. It was a pleasant change. We did nothing but work together for the most part. We needed to plan a night to do it again. Paulie elbowed me lightly, and I turned to see Daniel with a rib in each hand. We both laughed. It was the best idea Chad’d ever had.
After the table was cleaned up and the dishes taken care of, we went back into the garage and packed Chad’s van. Daniel’s kit was just small enough to fit along with everything else we had to bring.
Once at Valentino’s in Philadelphia, I went to the bar while Phil and Daniel did sound checks. “Can I get two Cokes, a Sprite and two waters?” I bounced my foot on a barstool peg as I waited. Usually I offered to get drinks while the guys set up. At least, I felt like I was useful. Two bottles of water were placed in front of me.
“Would you like a tray?” the bartender asked.
I nodded and rocked my body to “Pain” by Three Days Grace that played from the jukebox. The words made me curious. I wondered if pain could really feel that good.
“You move those hips well,” Paulie suddenly whispered in my ear.
My body froze as his pressed into mine.
“Would love to see what they could do if we were alone.” He brushed his lips over my neck. “Now that you're single...” His breath caressed my ear. “Can we hook up?”
My eyes opened wide. I knew his flirting meant he wanted me, but him just wanting sex made my heart sink. “Um...” His hand on my hip made me jump. “I can't.”
“You want me. Why not?”
I took a deep breath and hoped I didn’t scare him off. “I don't sleep around.”
“That's cool.” His hand moved up to my ribs. “Wanna go out then?”
I whirled around, shocked. “You mean like just once, or date?”
He grinned and, his eyebrows rose. “Be my girl.”
To hide my excitement, I bit my lip. Then I looked into his eyes. They told me he was serious. “We’d have to keep it from Chad.” I looked around. “And just so you know, I'm not easy. I hope you have patience.”
“That I do.” He dropped a kiss just below my ear. “So is that a yes?”
I waited for him to look at me again then gave him a sinful smile. “Yes.”
He groaned. “Girl, you’re gonna be the death of me.”
“Here you go, sweetie,” the bartender said as she loaded up a tray with the drinks I had ordered.
I turned to Paulie. “Not a word to Chad, OK?”
“Yep, my lips are sealed.” He looked at me, eyes half-closed. “When he’s around that is.” He leaned down and kissed my cheek. “Tomorrow night, eight o’clock.”
My mouth opened for a few seconds as I processed his words. “I can’t. I’m staying at Chad’s while my parents are away. It has to be after Monday.”
“You’re killing me, woman.” He put a hand over his heart. “I don’t know if I can wait.” Then he grinned. “How about Wednesday then? I got off that night.” Since he was twenty-one, he had gotten a job at Charlie’s as a bartender.
I turned back and lifted the tray slowly. “Sounds good.”

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

“Um…” Chad stood in the doorway of Josh’s room just after we got home from our gig. “Everyone’s asleep. You wanna watch a movie or something?
I sat on Josh’s bed and took my boots off. “Good idea. I’m wide awake.”
“I’ll go get changed.” Chad put his hands up on the doorframe, which made his biceps flex.
The move made my belly quiver. I licked my lips as I imagined his hands holding my ass as he rammed his cock into me. My pussy clenched. It felt so empty. I wanted him more than ever. The look of need in his eyes reflected exactly how I felt.
Then my eyes opened wide. Why do I keep doing that? My eyes raked over his body. Because he’s so hot, that’s why! I shook my head to try to rid myself of the image. It was no use. I wanted him and that would never change.
However, technically, I was with Paulie. I needed to hold back more than ever. As I stared at my feet, I spoke up, “Good idea. Do you mind if I take a shower?”
“Go ahead.” He gave me a look of longing then backed out of the room.
When he was out of sight, I stood and gathered a change of underwear and a set of pajamas along with my toiletries. The hallway was quiet. I tiptoed to the bathroom and closed myself inside. Once under the hot spray, I let the day play through my mind.
Between Chad and Paulie, I was constantly aroused. My hands slid down my body. I wished either of them were there, with their hands on me. My lids drifted closed.
I almost felt a male body pressed against me from behind. Fingers caressed my clit slowly. I let out a gasp, dying for relief. With two fingers inside me, I craved a thick cock. I wonder if Paulie is well endowed or just average.
“Hey,” Chad asked as he knocked on the bathroom door. The door creaked open. Since I was the only one upstairs at my house, I rarely locked the door. “Do you mind if I take a leak?”
I quickly covered myself with my hands. “Don’t peek.”
The door closed. “You know I won’t, baby girl, but I really gotta pee.”
I heard the toilet seat squeak then urine splashed into it. Quietly, I moved the curtain enough to see Chad’s bare back that faced me. I tried to get a glimpse of his dick, but his hand and thigh were in my way. It was wrong, so I stepped back.
“Do you need anything?” Chad’s silhouette appeared on the shower curtain. “I have extra conditioner under the sink.”
Nervous, I stammered, “Um, I’m OK. Thanks.” A part of me wanted him to jump in the shower with me. “I’ll be out soon.” I waited until the door opened and closed again. Then I hurriedly washed myself. “Stop thinking of him that way,” I berated myself.
Chad was on Josh’s bed when I walked into the room. I put my dirty clothes in a pile next to my bag. With a smile, I quietly closed the bedroom door.
“What do you wanna watch?”
Chad leaned back on his hands, and I tried not to react. He grinned and looked me over. “I put in Transformers.”
I glanced down my body at the simple nightgown I wore. It wasn’t sexy, but my nipples were hard. Self-conscious, I folded my arms over my breasts. “Cool.”
Josh had a queen size bed, so we were able to lay down comfortably propped up by pillows. After he started the movie, Chad slid an arm under my neck and pulled me closer.
“Glad your parents let you stay here.” Chad leaned his head on mine. “Maybe I can stay in here with you tonight.”
I wasn’t sure how to reply. Although I would love him to hold me while I slept, it would send the wrong message. I couldn’t play with his feelings like that. “Not a good idea.”
He sighed. “Guess not. Will would probably find out and tell your dad. He’d do anything to get in his good graces.”
“Yeah.” It was better than the truth. “My feet’re cold.” We were on top of the blanket.
“Sorry.” Chad got up and tugged the blanket down. Then he got back in place and covered us both. “Better?”
I nodded and laid back on his bicep. As I relaxed against him, I let my mind clear and paid attention to the movie.
Halfway through, my eyelids became heavy. I fought the urge to sleep, so I had more time with Chad. That proved impossible. I couldn’t keep them open any longer.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“Chad, go to bed.” I jumped at the sound of his father’s voice. “Sorry, Crystal, but there’s no reason for him to be in this room so late.” He glared at Chad. “Son, let’s go.”
Carefully, Chad untangled his body from mine. Then he kissed my forehead. “Sweet dreams, baby.” He couldn’t meet his father’s eyes as he walked into the hallway.
After the door had closed, I heard, “I told you there was to be no funny business. Hands to yourself and dick in your pants. Got it?” His father was not the least bit happy.
“Yeah, Dad, nothing happened.” Chad sounded disappointed.
I almost giggled. His father was too blunt sometimes. More awake than asleep, I got up, turned off the movie and set the remote on the nightstand. Then I remembered that Chad had told me not to look in the top drawer.
Filled with curiosity again, I went to the chest of drawers and debated if I should open it. The look on Chad’s face told me it was something quite shocking. I didn’t want to be nosy, but I couldn’t resist. Slowly, I opened the drawer. I didn’t look inside right away. It was wrong to invade Josh’s privacy. I’ll just peek.
On my toes, I peered over the edge. What I found was not remotely what I expected. It was filled with sex toys, some of which I didn’t recognize. A set of anal beads made my eyebrows rise. Are these for him or a woman? Too many were anal toys. He had to use them on himself.
I didn’t know straight men liked anal play. Then I realized, he might not be straight. Maybe he’s bi? I quickly closed the drawer. I was sorry I looked. Shoulda listened to Chad. If only I could burn the images from my brain.
I crawled back into bed. Chad’s room was on the other side of the wall. I tapped on it, and Chad knocked back. I smiled and settled onto the pillow. His scent was still there. I sighed and imagined he was beside me as I drifted off.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

I woke up to a soft knock. Unsure where it came from, I turned over. When I opened my eyes, I jumped. Frantic, I sat up. Where am I? The room was completely unfamiliar.
“Baby, you up?” The sound of Chad’s voice was a relief. It made me remember where I was.
I took a deep breath. “Yeah.”
He opened the door slowly. “I wanna get an early start. We need to get gas, and it’s gonna be hot later.” He smiled as he walked toward me. “Andy’s got the trailer ready. He said Paulie can borrow one of his bikes.”
“Cool.” I had almost forgotten we had planned a trip to the motocross track. Sometimes I wished I wasn’t afraid to learn to ride a bike myself instead of always riding bitch. “How long do I have?”
Chad sat on the bed and brushed the hair from my face. “Thirty minutes?”
He knew that wasn’t much time for me, but I wouldn’t have to get dolled up. That was pointless since we would most likely get muddy. All I had to do was shower and change. His fingers caressed my jaw.
“You’re so beautiful in the morning.”
Then I covered my mouth. “Oh my God. I must have dragon breath.” I rushed out of the room to brush my teeth. When I returned, he hadn’t moved but grinned. “What?”
“You’re so cute.” He put a hand out and sighed when I took it. “I’m not used to seeing you first thing in the morning. It’s nice.” His cheeks reddened a bit as he glanced at his feet. “Kinda wish we could do it more often.”
I didn’t want to burst his bubble, but the last thing I wanted do was lead him on. “I should get a move on.”
“Yeah.” He let my hand go and stood. “I gotta get moving, too.” He leaned down and kissed my cheek. “I’ll wait for you downstairs.” He sounded so dejected.
I felt bad that I had ignored his comment, but I knew I had to do it. “OK. I’ll hurry.”
With a few minutes to spare, I was downstairs, dressed in a long sleeve t-shirt, jeans and my oldest boots. I had packed the outfit specifically for that day. No need for makeup or to fuss with my hair had saved me a lot of time. My hair was in a simple ponytail.
Chad sat on the couch, dressed similarly, his hair also in a ponytail. When he noticed me, he got up. “That’s perfect.” He looked me over again. “Ready?”
I nodded then followed him to the garage. He uncovered his black 450 cc bike while I grabbed the helmets from the shelves along the wall. I carried them to his van and opened the back doors. He dragged the scrap wood he used for a ramp and leaned it on the bumper. I got out of his way as he rolled the bike up into the van. It just made it inside. After it was secured, we were on our way to Andy’s.
I was always awed when we pulled into Andy’s driveway. His family was old money, and their house was a mansion. There was no other way to describe it. We rarely hung out there, though. His parents were typical stuffy rich people. He was spoiled but quite the opposite of them. I looked up at the wide three-story home and wondered if I could ever afford something that extravagant. I had heard the property was so big there was a second house on it.
Chad got out and went around to the back of the van. Daniel and Andy stood next to Andy’s flatbed trailer. I spotted Paulie as he came out of the garage. He pushed a bike toward the van. To try to hide my excitement, I climbed out of the van slowly. He winked at me and continued with his task.
I walked around the van to watch Daniel and Chad hook up the trailer. Then they rolled three bikes onto it and strapped them down. I put all the helmets in the back of the van. That was something I insisted on. I was sure when they rode without me in the woods, they didn’t wear them.
“We all set?” I asked. It felt like we had forgotten something.
Andy tapped a finger on the side of his head. “Um… yeah… The coolers. Roger packed us lunch.”
My stomach growled. “Good thinking.” My eyes met Chad’s. “Maybe we shoulda ate breakfast.”
“We’ll stop and get something,” Chad assured me. “I meant to grab something. I was kinda distracted.”
“I forgot, too.” I hooked my arm in his. “It’s no big deal.”
He kissed the top of my head. “OK, baby.”
Paulie looked at me, eyebrows furrowed. I stepped back from Chad. When he and Andy went into the house, I moved to Paulie. “Hey.”
“Hey yourself.” Paulie glanced at the house then back at me. “You and Chad a thing?”
I shook my head. “No, just friends.” I hid my smile and tried not to let Daniel see how happy I was. “I thought you’d text me last night.”
He frowned. “I didn’t want Chad to find out. You told me he can’t know about it.”
“I did.”
With a sigh, he dropped an arm onto my shoulder. “Why can’t we tell him?”
“He has a habit of interfering,” I explained. “It’s better if he doesn’t know.”
Paulie stepped back when Chad and Andy came outside again. “Wednesday,” he whispered.
I bit my lip, and a shiver went through me. Never had I been so excited about a date. It was something about the way Paulie looked at me. Like he couldn’t wait to be near me. I just hoped he truly understood that I wouldn’t sleep with him on the first date.
“OK, all set,” Andy announced as he opened the door to his second vehicle, a Mercedes ML550. His parents wouldn’t let him drive anything practical. “I need to get a hitch on this thing.” The black SUV suited his style.
We stopped and filled all the tanks then were on our way. The off-road park was about thirty miles away. Andy followed us while Daniel and Paulie rode with him. Chad had the radio on, but otherwise the drive was silent. He didn’t seem upset, though.
“I’m sorry I been so clingy,” Chad blurted out when we were almost there. “Since Brianna, I’m worried I’ll lose you, too.” He punched the steering wheel. “I know it’s stupid, but I never caught a girl cheating on me before. I was so clueless.”
I reached over and placed a hand over his. “So was I.”
“Yeah.” He exhaled loudly. “Sorry. I know you went through the same thing, but you seem to get over it faster. I feel so betrayed.”
Since I didn’t want to dwell on it, I thought of Paulie and moving on. “It was fucked up.” An image of Keith’s ass as he fucked Brianna came to mind. “She wasn’t right for you. One day you’ll find a great girl. I just know it.”
“Thanks, baby.” He gave me a hopeful look. “One day.”
Minutes later, we started to unpack. The boys rolled the bikes toward the main track as I trailed them. There were no official races that day, but the boys had to register to use the track. I waited for them a few feet away, to watch the group race.
When hands slid up my sides, I froze. “Don’t.”
“Why not?” Paulie asked softly. I relaxed but looked around for Chad. “He can’t see us.” His lips brushed my neck, just under the ear. “I think you’re sexy.” He exhaled over my ear. “Even without makeup. Not many can pull off this look.” A hand moved to my hip. “Makes me wanna tug these jeans down and—Shit!” He quickly backed up.
Chad was suddenly in front of me. “OK. We’re ready.” He put a hand on my arm. “You got a good spot picked out?”
I nodded, since I had already scanned the nearby stands. “Can’t wait.” I couldn’t ride with Chad when they raced, only on the back trail. “Don’t show off.” He had been riding since he was about seven, so he could run circles around most.
“I won’t.” Chad patted Paulie on the shoulder. “Don’t worry. It’ll all come back to you.”
Paulie shrugged. “Yeah. It’s only been a few years.”
“Good luck, boys.” I smiled at them both. “See you soon.”
I sat on the top row of the bleachers and waited for their group to be called. Several sets of younger boys and girls went first. There were a few others in the stands with me, but not like when there were races. Parents lined the track, some looking concerned for their children’s safety. With all the equipment they wore, I couldn’t imagine it was easy to ride.
By the time their group was called, my hands had balled into fists. I was nervous Paulie would get hurt. He was not remotely as experienced as the other guys were. Chad shot out first. His bike was more powerful, so that made sense. Being so tall, he needed the extra power.
Paulie brought up the rear, but seemed to hold his own until the first jump. He landed on the front tire and fell off. I stood and hugged myself, worried. Daniel immediately doubled back and helped him up. I sighed with relief when he brushed himself off and got back up on the bike. He looked up and waved at me. I sat back down and hoped no one else went down.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“Shit, that was fun!” Chad shouted as I walked toward the dirt road behind the stands. My bandmates sat on their bikes but were stationary. “Hey, baby. Ready to get on?”
I pulled his keys out of my purse. “Let me get my gear.”
Chad’s van was only a few feet away. It took minutes to get a helmet, goggles and such in place. The park had rules about gear. We always followed them.
When I was ready, Chad scooted forward a bit and replanted his feet. I grabbed his shoulder, stepped on the left peg and quickly swung my leg over the back. He waited for my feet to settle and got back in place. My arms wrapped around his body as he put his hands on the handlebars again.
“You ready?” Chad called to me over the engine sounds.
I pressed on the pegs slightly and replied loudly, “Yeah.”
He accelerated gradually. I automatically held him tighter. We had ridden together many times. Andy had brought a girl a few times as well. That day, we wanted it to be just the band, our way of bonding. I had never ridden with anyone but Chad there. I glanced over at Paulie, who was to our right. He kept up and looked more confident than he had in the beginning.
Andy revved his engine then shot out in front to lead the way to the trail. We moved into single file formation. My body jumped with every bump, but I held on. I loved the feeling it gave me. Sometimes I wished Chad had a motorcycle so we could ride on the streets, too.
We navigated the entire trail without anyone wiping out. Once back at Chad and Andy’s vehicles, we were ready to eat. Paulie helped me set things up at an empty picnic table while the other guys stored our gear temporarily. We had signed up for two trips around the trail, but the second was almost an hour away.
“You having fun?” Paulie asked as he popped a soda can.
I smiled while I put out the sandwiches. “Yeah, it’s kinda freeing.”
“Yeah, true.” He stood across the table from me. “I didn’t realize how much I missed it. Hope we can do it again.” His eyes drifted to the other guys then back at me. “The bike I’m borrowing has rear pegs. You wanna ride with me next go around?”
I couldn’t say what I wanted to. If he only knew, an image of me holding him with my hand in his pants floated through my mind. I scanned his body and wished he had fewer clothes on. We had been “dating” for less than a day, and I was dying to run my hands over his naked body. It made no sense to me whatsoever.
“Is that a no?” Paulie’s voice startled me out of my fantasies.
I looked up, eyes wide and stumbled over my words. “Sorry… No… I will… I—I’d like that.” I groaned silently. He must think I’m an idiot.
“I make you nervous too, huh?” His smile eased my inner struggle.
After a deep breath, I grinned. “Yeah.”
“I can’t understand why that dick cheated on you.” Paulie reached out and took my hand in his. “No way I’d ever do that. Sex ain’t everything.” He sounded so sincere.
I sat down and held his hand in both of mine. “Glad you feel that way. Can I tell you something?”
“Sure, anything.”
As I closed my eyes, I softly said, “He was my first. So, I’m not sure when I’ll be ready for sex.”
He wrapped his other hand around both of mine. “Hey, I told you. I’m patient. We go as fast as you can handle. I’ll let you lead me when it comes to that. OK?”
I nodded, glad I had confided in him. “Yeah, thanks.”
“Interesting.” Daniel snickered.
We yanked our hands apart. I looked at him, terrified he would blab to Chad. However, I decided to play it cool. “What’s interesting?”
“Hand holding, hmmm?” Daniel licked his lips. “So… looks like Paulie made a move before any of us could.”
Paulie stood. “It’s not what you think.” He checked our surroundings quickly. “She had her hand in the cooler when I slammed it shut. I was making sure I didn’t break it.”
“Yeah, right.” Daniel did not look convinced. “She’d slap me if I tried that.”
Eyes narrowed, Paulie growled, “That’s because you treat her like a piece of fucking meat. Try talking to her like a normal person for once and maybe she won’t keep blowing you off.” His breath came quickly as his anger slowly dissipated.
“He’s right,” Andy added as he folded his arms over his chest and stood behind Daniel. “You and Phil piss me off sometimes, too.”
Chad appeared. “Somethin’ wrong?”
“No.” I stood up. “Paulie was just talking to Daniel.”
With a frown, Chad glared at Daniel. “Did you say something nasty to her again? I told you to cut that shit out.”
“Hey, I didn’t.” Daniel put his hands up. “I swear. I was just…” I stared at him, and he faltered for a few seconds. “We were joking. Guess I went overboard again. Sorry, Crystal.”
Chad sat next to me and urged me to sit as well. “He apologized for a change. Time to drop it.”
I glanced around. Paulie and Andy still looked annoyed. Daniel shrugged and took a seat. With a sigh of relief, I unwrapped my sandwich, removed the lettuce and took a bite. Roast beef, turkey and provolone with herb mayo, good combo.
Chad had already wolfed down half of his and had opened a bag of chips. “Tell Roger he can make lunch anytime.”
“I will,” Andy replied with his mouth full.
Paulie tapped the table, and I looked up. He sat across from me. After a glance at Chad, he mouthed, “Sorry.”
I grinned, to tell him I understood. When he smiled back, I turned to Chad, who had balled up his sandwich wrapper. “You want another one?”
“Hell yeah.” Chad’s face lit up.
Since he had a healthy appetite, I always made sure there was a double portion for him. I leaned over to the cooler and grabbed another sandwich. A hand covered mine. I looked up to see Paulie’s grin. His thumb caressed the back of my hand, as we said nothing. Then he pulled back, quickly snatched an apple and sat up again.
I handed Chad his sandwich and hoped my face wasn’t red. Paulie was sweet and sexy. Wednesday would be a great night. I just felt it.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“OK. I’m ready.” Chad stood. “We have ten minutes.”
I got to my feet and packed up the leftovers while Daniel and Andy collected the garbage. Chad and Paulie hefted the coolers back into the Mercedes. We were done in minutes.
“Can Crystal ride with me?” Paulie asked as we gathered around the bikes.
Chad’s eyes flitted from me to Paulie. “Why? She always rides with me.”
Paulie looked like a deer caught in headlights. I hoped he didn’t tell Chad the truth. When he winked, I knew he had an idea.
“I haven’t had a passenger in years. Since we’re gonna do this once in a while, I wanna get used to it again.”
“Uh…” Chad hesitated. “You rode a dirt bike with a chick or a motorcycle?”
“Both,” Paulie replied confidently.
Chad still looked worried. “I don’t want you to drop her.”
“I won’t.” Paulie put the rear pegs down on his bike then picked up his helmet. “How about you watch us right here for a bit?” There were about fifty feet of open space in the dirt parking lot.
With a nod, Chad folded his arms over his chest. “If I don’t like how you ride, she gets off.”
After I donned a helmet, I waited for Paulie to get settled. Then I hopped on behind him. Paulie looked down at my feet to be sure I had them in the right position. Then he moved my hands up a bit higher so I held his chest.
“Close your thighs a bit.” Paulie adjusted his ass on the seat when I complied. “OK, better.” He laid his shaky hand on my leg. “It’s been like three years. Hold on tight. Please.”
While he started the bike, I snuggled against his body a bit more and closed my eyes. “This OK?” I shouted.
He patted my thigh and shifted out of neutral. I stayed perfectly still, since I knew the slightest movement could throw his balance off. We passed our bandmates slowly. The bike wobbled when he made the first turn. I gripped his chest harder, but he recovered quickly. Then he picked up a bit up speed.
The next turn he executed much better. I felt his body relax as we rolled down the straightaway. Paulie waved at Chad as we passed them again. Chad still had a look of concern on his face. After one more time around, he carefully drifted to a stop several feet from the other bikes.
Paulie slid his goggles up onto his helmet then pulled that off. “Good enough?”
I held onto Paulie and watched Chad. He looked around and shuffled his feet. Obviously, he didn’t want to admit defeat. I tugged my goggles and helmet off, as I still held onto to Paulie with one hand.
“Chad, I’ll be fine.”
He did not look convinced. “Baby, I don’t like this.”
“Please, Chad.” I wished I could tell him why I wanted it so badly. “He proved what you wanted. If you want, I’ll ride back with you.”
Chad threw his hands up. “Fine, but I’ll be watching.”
“Damn, he’s overprotective,” Paulie whispered.
I squeezed him. “Yep. See why I don’t wanna tell him?”
“Yeah, I do.” He patted my thigh. “Gear up.” He faced forward and put his helmet and goggles back on.
Engines roared to life around us. I got into position, ready for Paulie to take off. When the others started to move, he waited. Again, he brought up the rear. I wondered why, until he leaned back on me a little. He didn’t want Chad to notice we had gotten closer. I pressed my body against his more and sighed, filled with happiness.
Chad didn’t balk when I stayed with Paulie throughout the trail. He actually nodded at Paulie at one point. That was good. It seemed as if I ever broke it to him that we were together, he could handle it.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Once back at Andy’s, everyone was a bit drained. Daniel had to leave, but the other guys got to work right away. Paulie and I glanced at each other several times as we unloaded. I tried to help where I could, although they didn’t leave much for me.
At one point, Chad and Daniel followed Andy into the house. Paulie took the opportunity and pulled me to the back of Chad’s van. “I been dying to ditch them all day.” He pulled me into his arms and held me close. “Can I ask you something?” He looked right into my eyes, and I stared up at him.
I shook. His intensity got to me. “Yes.” It came out as a gasp.
“Can I kiss you?” His soft tone surprised me.
My mouth opened, but no words came out. I bit my bottom lip nervously.
“I’ll take that as a yes.” He leaned down and took my chin in his hand. “See how easy it is to lead me?”
His lips brushed mine slightly. Then he turned his head and covered my mouth with his. The kiss was strong but sweet. I automatically reacted with parted lips. His tongue caressed mine a few times, as we kissed again and again.
I gripped his shirt, overwhelmed with desire. The hand on the back of my head held me in place, while he deepened the kiss. His tongue dominated my mouth then slowly circled mine.
When he pulled back, I took in a shaky breath. I held onto him, and his hands slid to my waist. As I stared at his chest, I struggled to catch my breath. It wasn’t just desire he brought forth. I felt like I belonged with him, as if he was my soulmate. It sounded silly even in my head, but I couldn’t help what I felt.
“You OK?” Paulie palmed my cheek and tilted my head up.
I blinked a few times. “Um, yeah.” My body shivered again.
“That good, huh?” He grinned.
With a nod, I smiled. “Took my breath away.”
“Damn.” His grin widened. “Not bad for a first kiss. Right?”
I reached up and pecked his lips again. “It was perfect.”

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Wednesday night, I was nervous as hell. I had not seen Paulie since the day at the motocross track. I had changed several times. Not one outfit seemed right. As I looked in the mirror, I studied my reflection.
I didn’t want to dress too sexy but not too conservative either. It was still hot and humid out, so I settled on black Capri length tights and a black Gasoline t-shirt. I didn’t know where we were going, so I hoped it was appropriate.
The doorbell rang, so I rushed to touch up my makeup. Then I grabbed my bag and hurried to the stairs. As I descended, I saw that my father had already opened the front door. Paulie smiled as they spoke. When my father stepped aside and waved a hand toward the living room, I felt relieved.
“Crystal-” My father cut himself off when he noticed me coming toward them. “Oh, you heard. Paulie’s here.” They had met several times since he had moved to town. “Are you guys meeting the rest of the band?”
Paulie cleared his throat nervously. “Uh… no, sir. I plan to take your daughter out. Is that all right?” His tone was filled with respect.
“Ah, I see.” My dad looked Paulie over, his face neutral.
He had dressed in clean, unblemished jeans and a button down black shirt. His hair was tied back neatly. It was a smart move on his part to come to the door.
“So…” My father put his hands on his hips. “Where are you taking my daughter?”
Slightly rattled, Paulie replied, “Um, to a coffee house. I thought it was a good quiet place to talk.”
“Good choice.” As he tried not to smile, my father glanced at me. “Very public. I expect her home by eleven.”
I groaned. “Seriously?” It was already seven. That did not leave much time to do much of anything. “Dad, come on. Please.”
“It’s fine, Crystal,” Paulie assured me. “We’ll have plenty of other dates.” His charming smile made my heart flutter. He held his left hand out to me. “I’ll have her home on time. Thank you, sir.” He offered my father his right hand.
While he shook Paulie’s hand, my father gave us a short-lived smile. “I hope so.”
Why can’t he just be happy for me? He’s as bad as Chad. I rolled my eyes and tugged Paulie out the door. Once outside, I turned to him. “Sorry about that. I’m the only girl and the youngest. I doubt my brothers had to go through this.”
“You have older brothers?” Paulie swallowed. “Damn, I have to face them, too?”
I grabbed his other hand. “Don’t worry about them. They live in another state. You already faced the firing squad. I think you did better than most.”
“Really?”
On tiptoe, I placed a quick kiss on his lips. “Yes.” I checked to be sure that no one was outside Chad’s house. It was clear. “We should go. In case Chad or Will comes out.”
“Definitely.” Paulie led me to his beat up red Nissan Altima. “Sorry about the mess. I meant to clean it out.” He walked around to the passenger door and opened it. “One sec.” He bent down and collected a bunch of garbage from the floor and seat. Then he tossed it in the backseat. “I wish I had a nicer car.”
I put a hand on his back. “I’m not materialistic. I don’t care what kinda car you drive.”
He stood and put his hands on my shoulders. “I know you’re not, but I still wanna impress you.”
“You already have.” I reached up and tapped his temple. “With this. Your mind is sexy as hell.”
His cheeks reddened a bit, but he smiled. “Don’t like the rest of me, huh?”
“Oh, I do. Just trying not to think about it tonight.”
He took my hand and helped me into the car. “Me, too. Glad you dressed down. If I had to look at your cleavage all night, I don’t how much of a nice guy I would be by the end of our date.” With that, he closed my door.
I put on my seatbelt and wondered how to burst his bubble about his choice of a coffee house. It would be a quiet and relaxed atmosphere, but I didn’t like coffee. When he sat and buckled himself, I let it go and hoped I could fake it.
“Ready?” Paulie put a hand over mine.
I nodded. “Sure.”
He carefully pulled out then drove down the street slower than usual. I knew it was in case my father watched us. The ride was quiet and shorter than I expected. He turned onto the main road and into the Starbucks parking lot. That was a relief. I knew what I could get there.
I bent to gather my purse and went to open the door, but Paulie opened it for me. “Thanks.” I took his hand and smiled as I climbed out. “Impressive.”
“Two points in my favor.” He winked. Then he gave me his arm as he shut the door. “Doesn’t look too crowded.” He led me inside to a secluded table. “What can I get you?”
I thought for a moment because I was hungry. “Ham and cheese panini and a vanilla bean.”
He cocked an eyebrow. “No coffee?”
“Uh…” I checked out my hands for a few seconds then looked up. “I don’t like coffee.”
With a groan, he slapped his forehead. “Great. Guess I shoulda asked.”
“It’s cool.” I gave him my best smile. “This place is quiet. It’s perfect.”
His body visibly relaxed. “OK. If you say so.” Minutes later, he sat next to me. “Won’t be too long.” He leaned his elbows on the table and rested his chin on his folded hands. “Tell me more. Something I don’t know about you.”
My eyes opened wide. That was the last thing I had expected him to say. “Um… I’m not good at talking about myself.” He waited, so I tried to think quickly. “I can’t think of anything good.”
“That’s a’right. Tell me anything.” His eyes lit up as he grinned.
I took a deep breath and said the first thing that came to mind. “I’m afraid of the dark.” I felt like a child. Many had teased me about the fear.
“There’s nothing wrong with that. Why do you look like it bothers you?”
While I stared at the table, I replied, “Because kids are scared of the dark.”
“Not just kids.” He reached a hand out to me. “It used to bother me, too. Until boot camp.”
I looked up. “You were in the military?”
“Yeah, Army, right after high school.” He shrugged a shoulder. “Wasn’t for me, though. I kinda have an issue with authority sometimes.”
Since I didn’t like to let my defenses down, I groaned softly. “Guess it’s my turn now?”
“Hey, if you don’t wanna tell me anything else I get it.” His eyes told me a different story. He wanted to hear more.
“It’s OK. I’ll think of something else.” I looked up when his name was called.
He turned for a few seconds. “Be right back.” He came back and set down two cups and two sandwiches. “Still your turn.”
“I know.” I sipped some of my vanilla drink and met his eager gaze. “I don’t like strawberries.”
He grinned. “I don’t like chocolate.”
“Seriously?” I had never met anyone who didn’t like chocolate. It was one of my weaknesses.
He nodded. “Yep, no idea why. I do like really spicy food, though.”
“I’m a good cook,” I admitted.
That sparked even more interest. “Good ’cause I suck at it. Maybe one night you could cook at my place?”
“We’ll see.” I narrowed my eyes.
He sat back. “I didn’t mean like tomorrow. When you’re ready.” He took a few breaths. “I’m serious. I won’t rush you. Relationships mean something to me.” He quickly turned away.
I waited to see if he had just noticed something, but he seemed to be lost in thought. “Hey.” I touched his shoulder. “You OK?” He shook his head but said nothing. I watched his body shake for a minute or so. “Paulie… Anything I can do?”
He slowly turned back but hid his face. “No.” His voice portrayed his pain.
“Is it about a woman?” It was the only thing that made sense. When he didn’t answer, I tried another tactic. “Is it your scar?” He had alluded to a painful relationship when we had written “Scarred.”
A nod was better than nothing. Paulie looked up. Tears rimmed his eyes. “I’m sorry. I was hoping this wouldn’t happen.”
“Relax.” I took his hand in mine. “We all have a past.” I closed my eyes and wondered if I should open up first. Not that I had many skeletons. “My doctor touched me inappropriately a few months ago.” I gripped his hand tighter, to fight the ridiculous reaction.
He caressed my cheek. “That’s terrible. Did you have him prosecuted?”
“Yes,” I replied in a small voice. “The trial starts next month.”
His chair slid toward mine, and he hugged me. “I’m sorry.” He played with my hair a bit. “Does that mean I need to be careful how I touch you? Do you have triggers or issues with some things?” His worry made my heart soar, even with the serious subject matter.
“No. I’m fine.” Since I had let go of the memories, it had allowed me to move on.
After a few seconds, he whispered, “You’re the first girl I’ve dated since… since…” He shuddered but continued, “Since my girlfriend died last year.”
I had no idea what to say to that. Instead of words that I knew wouldn’t help, I ran my hands up and down his back. “I’m sorry to hear that.”
“I don’t talk about it,” he admitted. “I loved her.” He pulled back. “I’m so sorry. This is the worse first date.” He stood. “I should just take you home.”
I tugged his hand. “No. We’re staying.”
He stared at me, opened mouthed. “Why? I’m talking about another woman.”
“So?” I held my hands out to show him I didn’t care. “Just relax. I’d like to hear about her… if you want to talk about her. I’d love to know why she captured your heart.”
He dropped into a chair. “I don’t think I can right now.”
“That’s OK.” I smiled. Then a thought occurred. “Um, why’d you ask me to hook up at first, if you’re OK with waiting for sex?”
Paulie looked at me with eyes wide. It was obviously something else he didn’t want to talk about. However, he quietly answered, “It’s been so long for me, I didn’t know how else to tell you I liked you. I guess I sounded like a horny teenager, but sometimes my dick talks for me.” His cheeks reddened. “Damn, no matter what I say, it feels wrong.”
“I don’t think so. Brutal honesty is great.” I pointed to his dinner. “We can eat then decide what to talk about after.”
The corner of his mouth turned up. “Thanks for understanding. From the moment we met, I knew you were different.” He lifted his coffee. “Can we start this night over?”
“Yeah.” I tapped my cup to his and smiled. “Best first date I’ve ever had.”
He laughed. “Yeah, right. Guess it could be worse.”
“True. One of us coulda got arrested.” I winked, and we both cracked up.
When Paulie caught his breath, he grinned. “That definitely woulda sucked.” He paused. “Thanks for being so cool about all this.”
“Anytime.” I took a bite of my sandwich. “Do you wanna continue like before?”
He finished off half his sandwich. “Is there much more to tell?” His eyes flickered from me to his hands.
“Probably, but maybe we had enough for one night.” I held my hand out to him and he clasped it in his. “We have plenty of time. Right?”
“Exactly.”

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

“I could’ve taken off today.” Paulie wanted to help me move into my dorm room.
As I packed a few last-minute things in my bedroom, I closed my eyes. “Chad’s helping me. He’d figure it out if you were here.”
“True.” He sighed. “Still, I feel like I should be doing something.”
I closed the last box and sat on my bed. “Can you come by tonight? After Charlie’s?” That was where we were to perform that night.
“Of course. Gonna be weird being here and not working.” He muttered something inaudible. “Sorry, I gotta go. I’ll see you at Chad’s later.”
I smiled. “Can’t wait.”
After I had put my phone in my purse, I looked around. It wasn’t easy to move out. I hoped I was ready. I had lived in that house for ten years. Somewhere new would take time to get used to.
It would have been easier if Chad would stay at the dorms, too. However, he had moved into the house he and a few friends rented a few days before.
Chad still had no clue that Paulie and I had been together for the past two weeks. We had been careful. We only met when we knew Chad would be busy at home working.
Paulie had opened up somewhat about Ellie, his ex who had died from anorexia. I understood why he had so much patience. He needed to move slowly as well. His heart was still healing.
“You ready, sweetheart?” My father stood in my doorway.
I shrugged as I stood. “I guess.” If Chad was still next door, I might have changed my mind about moving.
“Crystal, you can stay,” he offered. “We’re not changing your room into a gym.” He gave me a big smile. “You can come home anytime.”
With a smile in return, I replied, “Thanks.”
“Van’s packed,” Chad called from downstairs. “Anything else to go?”
I lifted the lone box and walked toward my father. “One more. Be right there.”
He hugged me. “I love you, my little girl.
“Love you too, Dad.”
Chad appeared in the doorway. “Let me take that.” He grabbed the box from my hands. “Your mom’s downstairs, crying. She might need another hug, too.”
I sighed as I tried to hold back my own tears. “OK.” I took deep breaths as I headed downstairs.
My mother was in the kitchen. She cried into a cup of coffee at the table. I watched from a few feet away for a few minutes. She’ll be OK. Dad’ll be here. We had to get going, so I stepped closer.
“Mom?” I put on a brave face. “I haveta go.”
She wiped her eyes and nose with a tissue. “I’m fine.” She stood and took me in her arms. “Guess I wasn’t ready to let my baby go.” She took deep breaths and held me tightly. “But it’s time for you to see what living on your own is like.” After a few sniffles, she continued, “If you’re ever homesick… The door is always open.” She pulled back and kissed my forehead. “I love you, Crystal. Now get going.”
“I’ll be close by, Ma. Promise.” Chad came in the room. “We do have to leave, though.”
So as not to leave her upset, I hugged her again. “I’ll call you later.”
“OK.” Mom let me go, and I quickly left the room.
Once in his van, Chad took my hand in his. “You OK?” When I only nodded, he rubbed the back of my hand. “She’ll be fine.” He waited for a few more minutes then started the engine.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

My room on the third floor was easy to find. I carried my acoustic guitar up and set it next to the far bed. Without Chad next door, I knew I would need it to stay sane. He had always been at my side. It would be complicated to say the least. I shook my head, in an attempt to let the worry go.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” Chad set a lamp and my new laptop down on the desk. Then his hands were on my shoulders. “Something happen?”
I shrugged, since I didn’t want to admit I would miss him.
He looked around. “Baby, are you scared to stay here alone?”
My eyes opened wide. I hadn’t thought of that. Sleeping alone in a strange room? That never worked out well for me. I expected to have a roommate, but the other side of the room was bare.
He tugged me into his arms. “I can stay tonight or you can stay with me.” He leaned his head on mine. “Anything for you, my baby girl.”
“I’ll be OK,” I assured him, although I didn’t believe it myself.
Chad stepped back and lifted my chin. “Well, if you’re not, I’m less than a mile away. All you gotta do is call.”
As soon as the last box was stacked against the wall, Chad dropped onto the unmade bed. “Wonder if you’ll have a roommate.” He stretched out. His feet dangled over the edge, and his hands were behind his head. He glanced over at the second bed and grinned. “Since we’re alone…”
He suddenly grabbed my hand and pulled me on top of him. I fell a bit crooked, but he quickly adjusted my legs around his hips. As I leaned on my forearms, I looked into his eyes.
“What’re you doing?” I cocked an eyebrow.
With an impish smile, he ran his hands up my body to my face. “This.” He pressed his lips to mine.
I pulled back quickly but didn’t get far. Chad held me too tightly. “We can’t.”
“Why not?” He rolled us. We almost fell off the full-size bed. “Sorry.” He wrapped an arm around me and scooted me to the middle of the bed. “I need some lovin’ even if it’s because I turn you on.” He kissed me again and relaxed his body over mine.
Guilt dampened my desire for him. When he pressed his half-hard cock against the crotch of my pants, I gasped and closed my eyes. I didn’t want to reject him. However, an image of Paulie made me push on his chest.
“Stop, Chad.”
He got up on his hands and stared at me. “You’re seeing someone.” He read me so easily.
“Um, well…”
He jumped off the bed. “Why didn’t you tell me? Think I won’t like him?” He grabbed a box and started to unpack my clothes.
I got up and touched his arm. “Chad, it’s new. We haven’t told anyone.” It was a white lie. My parents were the only ones who knew.
“Does Pop like him?” He looked at me sideways.
How’d he know? “Yes.” It was as if he could read my mind. “He does.”
“Well, then I’ll like him.” He opened the top drawer of the dresser on my side of the room. “Panties and bras up here, right?”
I nodded then watched him fill the drawer as he ogled my underwear.
“God, you wear sexy shit.” He closed his eyes for a few seconds. “Why can’t you be ugly, baby?”
I threw a stuffed bear at his head and feigned anger. “Fuck you!”
He caught the toy and grinned. “Don’t I wish.” He came to me with a lacy multicolored bra then held it up to my chest. “Damn that must look good.”
“Hey.” I punched his arm. “Stop joking around.”
Chad laughed loudly. “Who’s joking?” He glanced at me one more time then went back to filling my drawers. “But I’ll stop.”
I sorted through the rest of my things as he did my clothes. There was less room to put things than I thought. I was used to a bedroom and bathroom to myself.
My roommate had not made an appearance by the time we were done. From what I knew, that was the deadline to move in. As usual, I had procrastinated until the last moment.
“It’d be cool if you had this place to yourself,” Chad commented as he broke down the empty boxes. “Maybe your boyfriend wouldn’t mind a third for the night.”
I stared at him open mouthed for a full minute. He had never been so… I guess you could say desperate sounding. “Um, Chad… You OK?”
“No.” He turned away from me for a few seconds. “I’m sorry.”
“You need to get laid,” I mumbled.
It wasn’t something I would normally say, but he had acted out of character. For us, it was normal to kiss. However, lewd comments and such were unusual from him.
He had been increasingly aggressive and all over me at times. I hoped to find him a girlfriend. That meant I had to swallow the slight jealousy I had when women paid him attention.
“Have you checked out the campus yet?” I asked, since I wanted to look around. My parents had gone on a tour with me, but I didn’t get to see everything.
Chad sat on the bed. He seemed quite defeated. “Not really.”
“Good. Then let’s go check things out.”
We walked down the hall to the stairs. At least three women looked him over. He didn’t even notice. This is gonna be harder than I thought. I didn’t want to set him up with just anyone, though. He was picky about women, and I wanted him treated right for a change.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

After the walk around campus, we headed to Chad’s place. When we arrived, the garage was open. His roommate Devon sorted through boxes. When we pulled into the driveway, he stopped and looked our way.
“Not sure we have enough room for a drum set in here,” Devon said when Chad killed the van’s engine. “Daniel’s kit’s pretty big. Can you scale it down maybe?”
Chad walked into the cramped garage. Unlike his parents’ three-car garage, it was quite small. “Um, well… I guess we can for practices.” He started to stack boxes against the wall. “Bryce said he would unpack today. Guess he didn’t get to it.”
I stood back and watched them, unsure what to do. Chad made a path then lifted a floor tom. When my phone rang, I was glad for the distraction. I pulled out my phone and walked away when I saw the name.
“Hey, Paulie.” I smiled at his voice.
“You at Chad’s yet?”
I glanced up to see Chad loading our guitars into his van. “Yeah, you on your way?”
“Almost there,” Paulie replied. “I miss you.”
With a wide smile, I blushed. “Miss you, too.”
“Who’s on the phone?” Chad’s voice made me jump. “Didn’t mean to sneak up on you.”
I turned to him. “It’s OK. It’s Paulie. He’s on his way.”
“Why’d he call you and not me?”
To throw him off, I shrugged. “I have no idea.” Luckily, Daniel came up the driveway on his bike to end Chad’s questions. I sighed with relief.
“Good timing,” Chad called to Daniel. “I’m loading your drums now. I can use a hand.” They both went to the garage and left me there.
I looked up at the two-story house Chad and his friends had rented. It was a nice size. Four bedrooms, large open floor plan downstairs and a porch in the back that overlooked a large backyard. I had been there days before when they’d moved in.
“Hi, sweetheart,” Paulie said in my ear.
I whirled around and hugged him. “So glad you’re here.”
Paulie moved his head then pushed me back a little. “I think I got it.” He tugged on my hair slightly. “A branch blew into her hair.” He bent down and whispered, “Good thing I didn’t kiss you.” He glanced up then gave me a quick peck on the lips. “Chad, need help?”
“Yeah, grab the box of cables and the soundboard,” Chad called to him.

CHAPTER NINTEEN

Charlie’s was crowded, even for a Friday night. I sat at the bar while the guys set up. With Phil there to help, they didn’t need me for anything. I interacted with some of the patrons, to try to get them to stay to hear us play. Most reacted politely. Then a group of young men sat around me and ogled me as they ordered beers.
“So, honey, you’re in the band, huh?”
I rolled my eyes at him, since I had already told him that. “Wow, you’re a bright one.” I called the bartender back over with a finger. “Can you get me a bottle of water please?”
“Comin’ right up.”
A hand slid over my bare left thigh and revealed the edge of my shorts beneath the skirt. “How about after your little show we have our own little show?”
As I tried not to laugh at his ridiculousness, I slapped his hand away and glanced back at my bandmates. “I got plans.”
“We got plans for you too,” the one to my right said.
Someone squeezed my shoulder. “I don’t think so.” Paulie’s voice surprised me. “Go the fuck away.”
“I got it,” I insisted, not the least bit worried. “They were just leaving. I like my men with more brains... like you.” I leaned back on him and smiled. “Thanks for coming to my rescue anyway.”
He looked behind him then leaned down and kissed my lips. “Anytime.” When the men left with a huff, he laughed. “Everyone wants to be with my girl.” He grinned then nodded to someone behind him. “Hey, Benny.”
I turned to see the bartender smile at him. He likely knew everyone since he worked there.
“She a’right?” Chad asked from behind us.
Paulie jumped, and we both turned around. “Some idiot guys were hitting on her. I scared them away.”
“Cool. Thanks.” Chad took my hand in his and tugged me into his arms. “They touch you, baby?”
I sighed. “Like I told Paulie, I was fine. I told them to fuck off. He just added to that.” I glanced at Paulie and mouthed, “Sorry.” He nodded his understanding and walked back to the makeshift stage.
“I worry. Sorry.” Chad hugged me tightly. “Is your new man coming tonight? I’d like to meet him.”
To hide my blush, I leaned my head on his chest. “He’s working, maybe next time.” At least I told him the truth. I hated to lie to him. “Everything set up?”
“Just about.” Chad stepped back. “Come on.” He put an arm over my shoulders and led me over to our equipment.
Phil stood up after he had plugged something in. “Just about to do sound checks.”
I picked up my bass and ran through a sequence of notes. “Sounds good. Phil, you really are a great sound man.”
“Thanks.” He slid up beside me. “So does that mean I get a chance with you tonight?”
With a laugh, I shoved him lightly. “Do you ever give up?”
“No,” he replied as he caught his balance. “Not until you say yes.”
I turned to Paulie, who had put his strap over his head. He rolled his eyes and shook his head. Then he played a scale on his guitar and nodded. It sounded good. Phil put Paulie’s microphone in the stand and tapped it to be sure it had power, before he said a few words to check the volume.
“OK, ready,” Phil shouted when he was back at the soundboard.
Andy stepped up to his mic. “How’s everybody doin’ tonight?” He received cheers and shouts in return. “We’re gonna start off with a new song our lead guitarist wrote, ‘I’ll Never Give Up On You.’”
Chad was close enough that I felt him tense. He had a habit of writing songs about me when he was single. That one was quite personal. Although the guys knew he had a thing for me, he had never come out and said it. The song was quite direct.
Daniel and I started the intro while Chad tried to hide his emotions. The beat was punk-like and upbeat, nothing like your typical ballad. Andy soon took a deep breath and sang:

“It may only be a dream.
But I can see you with me.
If you give me half a chance.
I’m almost sure you’ll agree.”

He stepped back and waited for his next cue. Then Paulie joined Andy and they continued with beautiful harmonization:

“I’ll never give up on you.
No matter what you put me through.
As I’m sure you always knew.
To you my heart will be true.
I’ll never give up on you.”

I smiled, more because Paulie sang than anything else. His voice was deep and melodious. It really turned me on, too. In my eyes, our songs had more depth to them since he had started to sing as well.
At that point, gigs were almost easy to get. We were quite a unique band, and it helped our popularity.
Once the song ended, it seemed like the entire bar cheered. Next, we did, “Take It Away.” The crowd liked that one as well. The song had more shouting and a metal tone to it. “Scarred” and “Outta My Mind” got the biggest responses, though.
We took a break after playing “Demonslayer.” Andy went right outside, cigarette already in his mouth. Chad, Phil and Daniel headed to the bar. That left Paulie and I alone.
He leaned down and whispered, “Come out back with me.”
I smiled and quickly followed him out the back door. When it had closed and we were alone, he picked up my hand. I squeezed his tightly as we walked through the cars to a spot not visible from the back door.
“Been wantin’ to do this all night,” Paulie said as he pressed me against a fence. His lips met mine in a passionate kiss. “God, you look so fuckin’ sexy tonight.” A hand slid up my thigh as he pulled my leg up. “Shorts?” He looked down at my thigh. “Guess you knew I’d try this, huh?”
I laughed. “It’s more for the men who try to look up my skirt, but it’s a good cock blocker.”
He held my thigh to his and grabbed my ass. “Yeah, it is. Too soon anyway.”
“For you or me?” I looked up into his eyes.
Paulie gave me a half-smile. “Both, although I always want you.” He ground his stiff cock into the crotch of my shorts. “Just a taste.”
My eyes rolled back as desire filled me. “Goddamn.”
I reached up and pulled his head down to me. Hungrily, I kissed him repeatedly. He reacted immediately. His tongue slid around mine. I moaned and leaned toward him while I clung to his shirt.
It was the first time we had both let ourselves go with it. My panties were soaked already. He drove me wild so easily.
He groaned as he rubbed against me again. “Damn, I need to jerk off.”
That made me feel a bit guilty. “Sorry.”
“I did it to myself,” he admitted. “We better get back before someone sees we’re both missing.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

By the time we got back to Chad’s later that night, I was ready to go to bed. Although I wished that I had more time with Paulie. I tried to help unload Chad’s van, but he and Paulie shooed me away. Instead, I leaned on Daniel’s bike carefully.
“You can sit on it if you want,” Daniel shouted from the garage.
I had never sat on a sport bike before, so debated if I should. I grabbed the handlebar and swung my right leg over. On my tiptoes, I could barely reach the ground. Good thing I had platform boots on or I’d never reach the floor. While I gripped both handlebars, I leaned down. It was very different from a cruiser.
“No, like this.” Daniel climbed on the bike behind me.
My eyes opened wide as he scooted me a bit forward. He molded his body to mine and forced me to almost lie on the gas tank. Then his hands were on mine and he adjusted their position.
“You gotta get down low when you go fast, or the wind’ll kill you,” Daniel whispered in my ear as his hips moved up. His engorged cock pressed into me. “Love that your pussy’s all over my seat.”
I smirked. “Got shorts on.” I was glad I had worn them.
“Damn,” Daniel growled. “Wishful thinking.”
Suddenly, there were large feet in my field of vision. I looked up to see an angry Chad with his arms folded over his chest. “Get off.”
“Why?” I furrowed my brows. “I was just checking it out.”
Chad glared at Daniel. “No, him!” He stared until Daniel was on the ground again.
“I was just showin’ her how to position herself.” Daniel put his hands up. “I didn't cop a feel or nothin’.”
After a deep breath, obviously to control his anger, Chad replied, “You know exactly what I mean. There was no reason to get on behind her.”
“Somethin’ wrong?” Paulie appeared behind him.
Chad turned. “Crystal was checking out the bike.” He put out a hand and helped me off. “Daniel was just getting a bit too close for my standards.”
Daniel huffed. “Your standard is hands off. How’s that doable?” He walked around the bike, possibly to avoid Chad’s fist. “Let her make up her own mind.”
“Chad, I can handle him,” I assured him.
Paulie shifted his weight. “I’ll take her home.”
After a look around, Chad said, “No I’ll do it.”
“You’re already home,” Paulie reminded him. “Why would you take her? It’s no big deal. It’s on my way home anyway.”
Chad sighed and glanced at me. “OK, fine.” He leaned down and kissed my cheek. “G’night, baby.”
I smiled at him. “Relax.” I caressed his cheek. “I’ll be fine.”
Paulie walked to his car and opened the passenger door. He waited for me to get in then closed it. Without a word, he sat behind the wheel and started the engine. Only it didn’t turn over. He tried several times but only got a few clicks for his efforts.
Chad tapped on the hood. “Open up. I’ll give you a jump.”
I sat in the driver’s seat and watched them scurry around. Then while I steered, Paulie and Daniel pushed his car so the front was in line with Chad’s van. The first attempt did nothing. They adjusted the cables, and then the car started. We let it run for a while, but as soon as they disconnected the cables, it died.
“Shit!” Paulie shouted. I knew he didn’t have the money for an expensive repair. He slapped his hands on the roof of the car. Then he leaned in the open window. “I’m sorry.”
Andy came to Paulie with a toolbox. “I’ll figure it out.” He knew a lot about cars and always carried tools in his trunk.
I got out of the car and watched them, but I had no idea what they were doing. “Um, maybe I can just take a cab.”
“Nah, I’ll take her,” Daniel stated as he walked to the garage. “I promise to keep my hands on the grips.”
Chad and Paulie both looked reluctant. However, neither said anything right away.
Andy suddenly called, “Chad, hold this.”
I turned to Daniel. “You don't have an extra helmet.”
“You take mine. I’ll be OK.”
It was the first time I was glad to have left my purse behind. His bike didn’t have any storage as far as I knew.
Daniel grabbed his helmet from Chad’s van and brought it to me. “Here. Whatever you do, don’t let go.”
“She knows how to ride.” Chad still sounded angry. “I had her on the back of my dirt bike a million times. You know that.”
With a shake his head, Daniel turned to Chad. “Yeah, I know, but she never rode with me.” He moved over to his bike and started it. “If you need me to come back let me know.” He looked at me again. “Um, your legs are kinda exposed.”
I shook my right foot at him. “My boots go up to my knee, though. I’ll be OK.” When he didn’t say anything more, I piled my hair on top of my head and donned the full-face helmet but left the face shield up.
“Be careful,” Paulie called to us. His eyes told me he didn’t like the idea at all. “If anything happens to her…” His eyes opened wide when he obviously realized his concern would give us away. “Daniel, just drive safe, please.”
Daniel handed me his backpack and mounted the bike. “I will. Trust me for once.” After I had the bag on my back, he put a hand out to me. “It’s higher than Chad’s bike. Swing your leg high.”
I held his hand as I put a foot on the left peg and grabbed his shoulder. The bike moved slightly as I hopped on. Daniel kept it steady, though. Nervous, I clutched his jacket.
“You a’right?” Daniel turned back to me.
I nodded. “Just forgot these are lighter than motorcycles.”
Paulie opened his trunk and shouted, “Wait.” He pulled something out then walked toward us. “For the wind.” He helped me take off the backpack.
I smiled and put my arms in the sleeves of his black hoodie. It smelled like him. “Thanks.” After it was zipped, I took another whiff. I hope he lets me keep it.
He leaned his thigh on mine. “You’re welcome.” He licked his lips, which made me desperate for a kiss. Then he leaned down and whispered, “Call me when you’re home so I know you’re safe.”
“I will,” I softly replied as I breathed into his ear as much as I could. “Wish I was gonna ride with you.”
He shivered and pulled back. “Be safe.”
Daniel waited until I had the bag on my back and held onto him. Then he reached back and pulled my hands one by one off his jacket and around his chest. I was not used to sitting so much higher than the driver. My breasts basically lay on his shoulders. If he enjoyed it, he didn’t say anything. When he started to roll back, I gripped him tighter.
Once we were on the street, Daniel patted my thigh lightly. “You ready?”
“Yeah.” I pushed on the pegs, to brace for acceleration and held onto him.
Thankfully, Daniel started out slow. At the first stop sign, he leaned back on me a little. “Am I going too fast?”
“No. You’re good.”
He revved the engine before he slowly turned right. When he sped up a bit, I smiled. He was obviously terrified of me getting hurt. It was fun. I loved the wind. When we pulled into the campus, he slowed again.

CHAPTER TWENTY

“Wow, I missed that,” I said when I was off the bike.
Daniel looked at me confused. “Missed what?”
“Riding,” I explained. “It’s not the same on a dirt bike.”
I had dated one guy with a bike and both of my brothers rode. Cameron had me on the back of his first Honda when I was seven years old. My parents had a fit, but he told them to chill out. Then, when Gavin had gotten a bike, he used to take me to school on it sometimes until he left home. Since they’d both left, I had to hide when I rode with someone. It scared my parents.
“I’ll walk you upstairs.” Daniel took his helmet from my hands and laid it on the seat. Then he took the backpack. “It’s dark out. Chad would kill me if I didn’t make sure you got to your room safe.”
As I led the way, I felt him close behind. He had been a gentleman the whole ride home. “You going home after this?”
He hurried to catch up as I climbed the stairs to my building. “Yeah, been a long day.” He grabbed the door just as I opened it and held it for me.
I turned back, shocked at that side of him. “Thanks.” When we got to my door, I pulled out a key from the tiny pocket in my skirt. “This is me.”
Daniel put a hand on the doorframe. “You got a roommate?”
“I didn’t this afternoon, but she could’ve moved in by now.” After I had opened the door, I turned on the light. The other half of the room was as I had left it. “Guess I don’t.”
The door closed and I turned to see Daniel lean against it. “That’s cool.”
Unsure what to make of the look in his eyes, I stayed a few feet away. “Um, I have to call Chad and let him know I got home.”
“That can wait a few minutes, can’t it?” Daniel grinned and came toward me. “I wanted to check out your place.” He looked around. “This is cool.” He picked up my acoustic and strummed the strings. “Do you write on this one?”
“Sometimes.” I was quite confused. He had never had any interest in my things before. “Um, you OK?”
He smiled. “Yeah… when you said you could handle me…” He looked away for a few seconds then grabbed me by the waist and tugged me against his body. “Did you mean it?” His lips pressed to mine, and his arms wrapped around me.
Shocked beyond belief, I froze. It was the last thing I had expected. His tongue brushed my lips a few times. Then he grabbed my ass.
“Stop!” I pushed him back.
He immediately let go. “Oh God. I was wrong. I thought you meant… Shit! Please don’t tell Chad.” He started to pace. “I’m so sorry. I thought you wanted me to kiss you. Fuck, how could I be so off base?”
“Hey, it’s OK.” I grabbed his hands. “I won’t say anything.” The night flashed before my eyes. I may have acted more open to him than usual. “I’m not into you. I’m sorry.”
He shook his head. “It’s OK. I get it. You like the laid-back type. I’m probably too aggressive for you.”
“Kinda.” I shrugged. “I don’t know.”
With a step back, Daniel looked at the floor. “It doesn’t matter. I shouldn’t’ve just kissed you.”
“How about we forget this ever happened?” I walked to the door and opened it. “Thanks for the ride home. It was fun.”
Daniel sighed and sulked into the hallway. “OK.” He moved toward me then backed up again. “Well, nice to see your room. I guess I’ll see you tomorrow?”
“Yeah, we’re playing in Philly, right?”
He nodded. “Yep.” He paused then glanced up. “Well, g’night.” He leaned forward and kissed my cheek. “Really sorry about… you know.”
“I know. It’s forgotten. Night, Daniel. Thanks for the ride.”
He nodded and walked to the stairs, clearly disappointed. I just hoped I hadn’t encouraged him somehow. As far as I remembered, I hadn’t.
After I closed the door, I called Chad and Paulie to let them know I was home safe. Both were quick and to the point because I was tired. I did find out Andy had fixed Paulie’s car.
I went to the tall dresser and checked my drawers. Chad had put everything exactly how I had it at home. I smiled. He knew me so well. After I gathered my toiletries, towel, underwear and pajamas, I took a shower.
When I got into bed, I looked around the room. It felt so empty. A lamp on, the blanket up to my neck, I closed my eyes. Then I heard a creak and jumped. I turned on the second light and checked all over the room. There was nothing. I grabbed my phone and crawled back under the covers. It made me feel a little better.
An idea came to me. I reached toward the nightstand and picked up the television remote. The dorm had cable, so I switched to a cartoon channel and lowered the volume. It was something I was sure wouldn’t scare me even more.
I woke up to the sound of banging. Eyes wide, I scanned the room. Still empty. Then the banging happened again. It couldn’t be someone at my door. It sounded like it was down the hall. I tried to relax, but I was never good at being home alone. Why didn’t my roommate move in? I took several deep breaths. I can do this. I’m a big girl now.
I sat up and focused on the television screen. They had a marathon of Scooby-Doo going. I fought sleep. My eyelids got heavier with every minute. Just as I lost the battle and fell asleep, a crash startled me. I can’t do this. I can’t do this.
As I shook from head to toe, I called Paulie. He answered on the second ring. “Crystal? I thought you were going to sleep.”
“I’m tr—y—ing.” Tears rimmed my eyes.
The sound of movement was heard over the phone. “What’s wrong?”
“I’m scared.”
“Of what?” he asked softly. “The dark? There’s nothing wrong with putting on a light. Tell your roommate you need to read.”
I closed my eyes. “I’m alone.” I took in a shaky breath, feeling like a child. “Can you come stay with me? Please?”
“I’m on my way.” His breath started to come faster. “Sweetheart, keep talking to me.”
Shocked he was so concerned, I stammered, “Um, uh, I don’t know what to talk about.”
“What’re you doing?”
I looked up. “Watching Scooby-Doo.” That made me sound even more like a child. “I’m a fuckin’ baby,” I whined.
“No, you’re not.” His soft tone soothed me. “Tell me what Scooby’s doing.” He listened as I described everything. Before I knew it, he said, “I’m outside your door. Let me in.”
I threw the blanket off and rushed to the door. Paulie stood in the hallway in pajama bottoms and a white t-shirt, with his car keys in one hand. “I’m sorry. Thank you.”
He pulled me into his arms. “Hey, it’s OK. Wow. You’re more terrified than I thought. Is it from what happened to you?”
While I gripped his shirt, I mumbled, “No. I feel so stupid.”
“You’re not stupid.” He lifted me and carried me just inside the door. “Have you ever slept in your house alone?” He shut the door and lifted my chin, as he waited for an answer.
I chewed on my lip. “Once, but I got scared and called Chad. He brought me to his house.” The tears I had held back came out in a flood. “I haveta move back home.”
“No, you don’t,” he assured me. “You’ll get used it. I’ll stay here all week if you need.” We walked together to my bed. “Lay down. We’ll watch cartoons together.” I did as I was told then watched him take his shoes and socks off. “Your pajamas are cute.”
I looked down at the plain red set. “You think so?” The pants were loose, but the top was tight around the chest.
“Yeah, they’re simple, and I love red.” He knelt on the bed and caressed my cheek. “I promise to be a good boy tonight, unless you tell me otherwise.” He kissed my lips softly. “OK?” I nodded and moved over to give him room to lie down. “Can I hold you?” When I nodded again, he smiled, got under the blanket with me, and laid on his side.
A door slammed and I jumped. “This is ridiculous.”
Paulie tugged my head to his chest, held me close and kissed the top of my head. “Give yourself a break. It’s your first night.”
“I’m such a baby,” I mumbled.
He tilted my head up. “Stop.” His lips slowly brushed over mine. “I’m happy to be here with you, OK?” He held my cheek in his hand. “No matter what, I wanna be there for you.” He rolled us until he was on top then kissed me again. “Hard to explain.”
His lips crashed into mine again. I ran my hands through his hair. I had completely forgotten why he was there but was so glad he was. His body shifted. I felt his cock grow against my thigh. We both moaned as our tongues chased each other’s. I whimpered. I wanted him more than ever. My hips lifted. My body ached for him.
“We can’t.” Paulie suddenly pulled back. “I don’t have a condom. I didn’t even remember my wallet… Fuck I want you.”
I grabbed the sheet beneath me, since I knew exactly how he felt. My eyes closed and my pussy clenched. I had no idea how to make the need go away.
“I’m so sorry I started that.” Paulie laid down next to me again. He ran a finger down my face. “Um, should I… uh… do you want me to help you with the tension?” Slowly, his finger continued to my waistband.
It took me a minute to get what he meant. “Oh, that’s not fair.” I turned to him and hesitantly put my hand on his hip, sure he was just as turned on. “Maybe I should…”
Paulie stopped my hand’s progress. “When it’s right, sweetheart.” He hugged me. “I’m here to keep you safe, not fuck your brains out. Although…” He grinned and kissed my lips softly. “Soon. I want it to be special.”
“OK.” I liked that idea. With my arms around him, I sighed with content.
He slid his arm under my neck and held me close. “I think you’re getting used to it here.” Then I jumped again at another loud bang. He put a leg over mine and cocooned my entire body. “I’m here. I got you.”
I closed my eyes and let the fear go. “Thank you.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

By Wednesday night, I was a bit more comfortable in my dorm room. I still did not have a roommate but was told one had been assigned to me. Classes were going well. Chad and I only shared one, but it was enough to help. He had also bought me a few Gasoline posters to hang. That made it feel more like home.
As promised, Paulie stayed with me every night. Although we had done a lot of kissing and a bit of groping, he refused to take it further. I liked him in my bed, but it made his commute to work a lot longer.
“Can I keep my shirt off tonight?” Paulie asked as he walked back in the room after he had changed into his usual pajama pants and t-shirt.
I glanced at him, shyly. “Sure.”
That week had brought us closer. I had not gotten ready for bed yet. With a smirk, I sorted through my pajamas and pulled out the new lacy red set I had purchased for only Paulie’s eyes. I covered them with a towel and turned to him.
“I’ll be back in a few.”
Soon I stood in the shower room in only the pajamas. I looked down. No way could I walk through the hall dressed that way. I wrapped a towel around my body to cover them, then gathered my things.
When I stepped into my room, Paulie looked at me with a confused expression. “What’s up with the towel?”
I smirked as I looked him over. He was shirtless, and his muscles got me wet instantly. “You’ll see.” I set my toiletries down then let the towel fall.
His mouth dropped. “Damn. Not a good idea. Way too hot.”
I glanced down. The teddy style top wasn’t quite sheer but left little to the imagination. The boy shorts were tight, and my ass cheeks peeked out. Most likely, what got to him was the major cleavage that spilled out of the built-in bra.
“You don’t like it?” I turned around slowly.
He turned away. “It’s not… Crystal, I can’t… Fuck, I’m already hard dammit.”
“Maybe we need to change things.” I moved up behind him and put my arms around him. My hands slid down his body to his pants.
He took my hands in his. “It’s not even three weeks. I heard you made Keith wait like months or something. This is not what you want.”
“I was a virgin and scared to death of sex,” I explained. “And he pushed me which made it worse.”
He turned around quickly and grabbed my shoulders. “He forced you?”
“No.” I sighed. “I mean he kinda begged for it a lot and tried to tell me he needed it and he was hurting. Now I know it was all bullshit. Then I didn’t have a clue.”
He tipped my head up and kissed my lips. “I’d never lie to you like that. You did start something with that outfit.” He breathed deeply. “I can deal with it, though. Go change. Please?”
“I bought it for you, and I wanna wear it.”
With a groan, he hugged me. “You’re gonna be the death of me, girl.” His hands caressed my back and gradually drifted downward.
I got on my toes and kissed his lips, hands on his muscular shoulders. “I’ve wanted you since before we started dating.”
“Me, too.” He sucked in a breath through his teeth. “I don’t wanna rush you, Crystal.” He suddenly grabbed my ass and pressed my body to his. His erection dug into my belly. “I haven’t had sex in more than a year.”
The admission shocked me, but I showed no sign of it. I knew why. It made me feel a bit honored to be the one he started over with. “If you’re not ready, it’s fine.”
“I don’t know what I am.” His entire body shuddered as he lifted me off my feet. “Let’s see where this goes.”
After he had laid me on the bed, I looked into his eyes. “Do you have a condom, just in case?”
“Yeah.” He quickly searched his overnight bag and pulled it out. “I didn’t want to be caught without one again.” He placed it on the nightstand then crawled on the bed until he hovered over me. “Where were we?”
I smirked and pulled him down by his neck. “Right here.” My hands explored the skin of his back as our lips met.
Not another word was said as we continued to kiss. My body ached for his touch, but he kept his hands on either side of my head. To encourage him, I wrapped my legs around his waist and tugged his hips down. He moaned when his cock pressed against my shorts. I wiggled my pelvis while I ground up into him.
“Fuck…” He gasped. Then he breathlessly whispered, “Crystal… Can I touch you?”
I looked up at him. His eyes had glazed over. “Touch anything you want.”
He settled on his forearms and looked down my body. Then he gently pulled the fabric off my breasts and revealed my hardened nipples. His tongue darted out and he ran it over the right one. I shivered with anticipation, and he grinned. He moved down my body a bit and sucked a good amount of my right breast into his mouth. He moaned softly.
“God…” I grabbed his arms and held on tight. He sucked harder and my back arched which drove my breast into his face. “Please…”
He held my nipple between his teeth. “Want it bad, huh?”
“Yes!”
He slid up my body and rubbed his shaft into my folds. “Guess tonight’s the night.”
Desperately, I shoved his pants and underwear down over his ass. “It better be.”
With a grin, he got to his feet and shed his clothes. I stared at him. He looked much better than I had expected. His entire body was beautiful. Then my eyes settled on his cock, and my face went slack.
“What’s wrong?” Paulie looked down at himself.
I stammered, “I—It’s big—bigger.”
“Bigger than what?” He looked truly confused.
I pointed at his erection. “Than his.” Paulie had to be almost nine inches long. I didn’t think that was possible. Was I naïve! Then I wondered if Chad’s was that big.
“Oh, scared it’s gonna hurt?” He knelt on the bed close to me.
I nodded. “Yes.” My eyes opened wide as he came closer. It seemed even bigger up close.
“I swear I’ll go slow.” He paused. “Maybe if you touch it you’ll feel better.” An impish smile crossed his face. “Or suck it.”
My eyes opened wider. “No. I don’t want to.” The idea of giving a blowjob disgusted me for some reason.
“Hey.” He hovered over me again, forearms on either side of my head. “It’s OK. If you wanna stop, I’m good with it.”
I ran my hands up his back. “I didn’t mean that. I meant I don’t like giving blowjobs.”
He sighed. “I can live with that.” His eyes told me he would miss it, though. “There’s other things.” His lips brushed mine over and over as he waited for a cue of some type.
A bit of guilt washed over me. I let one hand go over his ass then under him. When I gripped his dick, he froze. Slowly, I stroked it from the base to tip several times. Then I swiped my thumb over the tip to collect the pre-cum oozing out.
“Fuck…” He moaned and pressed his lips to my neck. “I fucking want you so bad.” My eyes rolled back when he bit my earlobe. Then his right arm shifted, and his lips moved over my neck. “Are you wet?”
I groaned as he breathed into my ear. “Yes.” Then I whimpered when his fingers suddenly thrust into me. I hadn’t felt him move my shorts aside.
“I can’t wait anymore.” He growled as I tugged on his cock harder. His fingers pushed into me deeper. “Take this off.” He tried to pull at my top, but couldn’t do much in his position.
As desperate as Paulie, I quickly took it off and flung it away. My mouth opened as he rubbed my sweet spot within. “God…”
“There you go,” he mumbled into my hair. He started to thrust his fingers faster. “Cum for me, please.”
I cried out just as I gripped him. It had been so long, I had almost forgotten what that felt like. The ripples of pleasure washed over me several times as I jerked his erection continually.
“Gotta have you.” He pulled his fingers free from my body and snatched the condom from the nightstand. After he ripped it open, he stilled my hand. “Stop, before I cum all over you.” I let his cock go and heard him roll the condom on. Then the head of his cock pushed into my pajama bottoms. “Shit!”
I shimmied my shorts off then wrapped my legs around his waist again. “All yours.” I held his arms nervously.
“Relax.” He kissed my lips softly. “If it does hurt, I’ll stop. Promise.” He shook as much as me, obviously just as anxious. “God, I hope I don’t cum in thirty seconds,” he muttered.
I tensed as he lined his cock up and pressed forward a bit. “Wait.”
He did as I asked. A tremor ran up his arms, which told me how difficult it was to stop. “That hurt?”
“No.” I dug my nails into his biceps. “I’m kinda scared.”
His body relaxed. “Oh.” He laid down on me and held me close. “If you wanna stop-”
“I don’t.” I took a deep breath. “It’s… I got nervous, and that makes me too tight.”
He laughed. “Yeah, might be hard for me to get in.” He caressed my hair. “Don’t think about it.” He closed his eyes and jerked his hips forward slightly. “Fuck, so tight.” He only had the tip in.
I closed my eyes also to try not to worry that he was too big. “It’s OK. Keep going.”
He let out a breath and nuzzled my neck. “If I cum fast I’ll make it up to you. I swear.”
Since it had been a year for him, I didn’t expect him to last long. His promise not to leave it at that made me happy. He sighed and drove into me about an inch. I whimpered and grabbed at his back.
“Hurts?”
I nodded.
“He musta been small,” Paulie commented.
I didn’t answer, just clung to him.
“Should I pull out?”
Slowly, I shook my head. I knew it was partly my fault. I had tensed again. It was an annoying reaction. “I’m sorry,” I whispered.
“You’re not ready.” He pulled out, yet still had me in his arms. “We can try again another day.” He ran his hand down my side. “I waited a year. What’s a few more weeks?”
I took deep breaths and let his willingness to wait ease my nerves. When my body was completely relaxed, I moved my lips over his neck. “I don’t wanna wait.”
“You sure?”
“Yeah.”
He looked into my eyes. “They’ll be other nights.”
“Now.”
His grin was contagious. “Girl, you’re pushy.” He chuckled and shifted his hips up again.
The head of his cock grazed my clit, and I gasped. He used one hand and guided it lower until he slipped into me a little. With clenched teeth, he pushed into me slowly. It was obviously difficult for him to do. I moved my legs higher up his back to give him more room.
“Hurt?”
I looked up. “No. I’m fine.”
“Thank God.” He leaned on his forearms and thrust in a bit more. “Shit! You’re still tight.” His body shuddered. “I think thirty seconds is a definite. Sorry.” He withdrew and thrust in again. That time he gave me several inches at once.
Instead of my usual reaction to the slight pain, I shut my eyes and tightened my grip on his arms. Maybe Keith was not as big as I thought he was? Paulie felt like twice his size. However, sex was so new to me, I wasn’t sure I was accustomed to it. We had really only done it a few times.
When I whimpered with his next slow stroke, Paulie stopped. “Still hurts?”
“Kinda,” I admitted.
He huffed and laid his head down above mine. “At least that’s helping me hold back. I’m not gonna cum if I’m hurting you.” His mouth touched my ear. “Did you have sex more than once before me?”
“A few times.” I was grateful he understood. “Um, it was always kinda quick.”
He groaned and took a few deep breaths. “I don’t think we need lube. You’re so wet.” He exhaled slowly. “I can’t go any slower.”
“I’m fine,” I assured him. My desire had not abated so I wanted to continue.
Slowly, Paulie withdrew again but only to the tip. Then he drove back in but didn’t gain any ground. “I’ll fuck you like this. OK?”
“Yeah.”
He moaned as he pulled back and thrust in again. “Next time I’ll make it all the way in.” His pace quickened. “Fuck. Can you cum like this?”
“I don’t know.”
As he breathed hard, he gasped. “About to cum. Sorry!”
Then the door opened, and I screamed.
“Oh shit!” Paulie fumbled with the blanket and eventually covered us. “Fuck. If that’s Chad, I’m fuckin’ dead!”
“Wow. I’m so sorry.” A female voice rang through the room. “Didn’t think you’d… uh… be in bed already.”
I peeked out of the blanket. “Um, hi.”
“I’m Amy.” She looked as embarrassed as I was. “Your roommate.”
Paulie sighed with relief. “Thank God.” He threw the blanket off his head. “Hey, Amy. I’m Paulie and she’s Crystal.”
“Sorry I interrupted.” Amy set a box down. “My boyfriend is on his way up.”
I squirmed beneath Paulie. He was still lodged within me. “Should we wait?”
He pulled out. “Sorry, but I need to cum.” He reached down to the floor and searched for his clothes.
“Looking for these?” Amy held his boxers up by a finger. She grinned.
Paulie looked up at her. “More like my pajama pants. Can you pass ’em to me? Please?”
She laughed and grabbed them off the floor. “I was just teasing. I’ve been caught before.” After she handed them to him, she gave us her back.
He pulled them on fast. “I’ll be back.” He kissed my lips then jumped off the bed, picked up his t-shirt and disappeared into the hallway.
I pulled the blanket up to my neck. “Well, this didn’t go as planned.”
“Yeah, sorry about that.” Amy turned back to me. “I should’ve knocked.”
I laughed. “No. I meant meeting you.”
The door opened again. “Honey, is your roommate here?”
I jumped and accidentally uncovered myself somewhat.
He walked in and set down what was in his hands. Then he joined his girlfriend next to my bed. “Guess she is.” He grinned and put out a hand to me. “I’m Raj.”
“Um, uh, I’m Crystal.” I gingerly shook his hand while I held the blanket to my chest. “Paulie’ll be right back.”
Amy giggled. “I walked in on them going at it.”
“Damn, and I missed it?”
She punched his arm. “Shut up!”
“What? She’s hot.” Raj leered at me openly.
My eyes opened wide, majorly confused. “Um, thanks.”
Raj winked at Amy then left the room again. Amy busied herself with unpacking as I tried to understand what I had just witnessed. They acted more like friends, very weird ones.
I let it go and watched Amy. She had an exotic look with dark, flowing hair that was almost black. Her skin was dark, but she was obviously not African American. Her makeup was light and it brought out her dark eyes. She had beautiful womanly curves. If I were attracted to women, I’d go for someone like her. I wondered what her ancestry was.
Raj was similar in a way, but his dark hair was short. He could be of Indian or Middle Eastern decent. By his name alone, I guessed his family was from India. Unfortunately, he obviously knew he was handsome. That was a turnoff to me.
Then I realized I was still naked. I couldn’t put the red set back on. Raj would probably stare at me. I didn’t want him to pay me any mind.
When the door opened again, my eyes went to it. I had expected Raj again. I was relieved to see Paulie. “Sorry about running out on you guys.” He glanced over at me. “Uh… maybe you should get dressed.”
“I’d like to.” I waited for him to do something, but he didn’t move. “I kinda need clothes.”
He shook his head. “Right, sorry.” He opened drawer after drawer until he found my pajamas. “The black ones good?”
“Anything.” I nervously looked at Amy.
Paulie sat on my bed. “What’s wrong?”
I waved at him to lean down. Then I whispered in his ear, “They both kinda checked me out.”
He glanced back quickly. “O—K. Not sure what’s going on.”
“Hey.” Raj walked in again. “You must be Paulie.” He set a television down on the free desk. Then he stood in front of Paulie and extended his hand, which Paulie shook. “I’m Raj.” He openly leered at me again. “Do you share?”
Paulie pulled his hand back fast. “What?”
“As in share your woman?” Raj’s eyebrows went up. “Sometimes Amy and I like a third.” He grinned.
“Whoa!” Paulie stood up and put himself between Raj and I. “Not happening.” He put a hand up. “She’s mine and only mine.”
Raj went back a step, hands up in surrender. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to offend you.” He looked to Amy. “I get it. Hands off.”
Paulie sat back down. “Yeah.” He looked back at me. “Get dressed under the cover. I’ll be right here.”
I ducked under the blanket with my pajamas and quickly donned them. When I poked my head out again, Amy and Raj had started to unpack. “You a’right?”
“I guess.” Paulie got up then climbed into bed with me. “I don’t share well.”
That comment made me wonder if he had been cheated on before. His reaction was almost extreme. “I don’t either.”
He put his arms around me. “I know. Keith was an asshole. I dated someone like that, too.” He sighed. “I’m sorry tonight didn’t go so well.” He leaned his forehead on mine. “I wanted our first time to be perfect.”
“We can start over.” I touched his face. “Don’t let it get to you. Please?” My fingers trailed down his cheek as my heart swelled with what felt like love. “I’m good. OK?”
He nodded then kissed my lips softly. “OK.”
“We’re done,” Amy quietly called from across the room. “Do you want the lights out?”
Paulie put up a hand. “You can leave ’em if you want.” He wrapped that arm around me again then said in my ear, “You’re something special.”
I closed my eyes and snaked an arm over his ribs. “You, too. Night.”
“G’night.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Friday night, we played at The Devil’s Run in Baltimore. Four bands were on the bill. At that club, playing third was an honor. The headliner was Delirious, a band who had been touring the country, playing the local clubs. I was excited to play with a band like that. They were almost famous.
All of us had dressed up somewhat since the club had a more upscale feel to it. The boys all wore dress shirts with open collars and neat jeans with their boots. I had on a short flared black skirt, paired with a low cut, red spaghetti strap tank. Over that was a black button down top, opened halfway down. I wore platform boots, but they didn’t come to the knee.
Two days had passed since the failed attempt at sex. Paulie and I couldn’t keep our eyes off each other. The night before, Raj had stayed late, so we hadn’t bothered to try again. As we watched the first band play, I touched Paulie every chance I could. We stood off to the right side of the stage with our bandmates, so it wasn’t easy.
“You look cute,” Paulie commented between songs.
I moved to stand right in front of him and smiled up at him. When no one looked our way, he grabbed my ass and trailed a finger up my side. I shuddered. Heat built even more. For a few seconds, he pulled my body to his by my waist. I gritted my teeth as his stiff shaft rubbed my back. My panties were uncomfortably moist. Just the thought of being intimate with him had me insane. He suddenly let me go, and I sighed. All we seemed to get were brief moments.
Daniel, who had been different around me since my dorm room, turned to me. “You do look cute.” He smiled when I smiled at him.
“Thanks.” I glanced at Phil, who held his tongue. It was as if he had been warned to keep quiet.
Chad put a hand on Phil’s shoulder. “Knew you could do it for one night. We need to play this place again.”
Andy’s hands shook. “I need a fix.” He had finally quit smoking cold turkey and was having a hard time. “Just one, please?”
I moved away from Paulie and took Andy’s hands in mine. “Why don’t you just go pick up a girl?” I looked around. “There’s tons of hotties here. Just be back in time.”
“Good idea.” Andy nodded. When the cravings hit, his mind seemed to leave the building. “I’ll be around.”
Daniel and Phil headed toward the bar, most likely with the same goal. Chad looked lost. I wish I knew a girl he could hang out with.
“Natalie’s here,” Paulie shouted just as the band started to play again. He waved his hand in the air to get her attention. “Chad, call her.” He winked at me.
That was a great distraction for Chad. He walked her way and greeted her with a hug and kiss on her cheek. While they walked back toward us, he threw his arm over her shoulders. She was much taller than I was, which made them seem like a better fit. However, she made him look quite pale.
“Glad you made it!” Paulie hugged her when Chad let her go. Then he whispered in her ear.
She scowled at him. “No. I don’t.”
“Yes, you do.” Paulie grinned widely. “You can’t lie to me.”
Natalie blushed. “Don’t tell him.” She pulled him away, and their voices were lost on me.
I wished I knew what they were talking about. Since I couldn’t figure it out, I turned to Chad and tapped his shoulder. When he leaned down, I asked, “Have you ever thought about asking Natalie out?”
“Not really.” He looked her way. “She’s too hot for me anyway.”
My face screwed up, and I slapped his chest. “Are you kidding me? You’re hotter than her. How could she say no to you?”
He stood straight and shrugged as he looked at her again. “I’ll talk to her.”
I hated that he was so lonely. Natalie would treat him right at least. The only thing I worried about was how flighty she was. Maybe that was what he needed, though. Someone who wouldn’t get attached and ask for so much of him.
“Hey, Chad.” Paulie walked back to us as he tugged a reluctant Natalie with him. “Can you go with Natalie to get a drink? I gotta pee.” He winked at me again and mouthed, “Follow me.” Then he slowly walked toward the rear hallway. I knew the bathrooms were in the basement.
I waited until Chad had turned away then rushed after Paulie. He grabbed my hand as soon as I was within reach. It wasn’t easy to navigate the stairs so fast. We soon passed both bathrooms and continued down the hallway.
“Where we going?” I was a bit confused.
He tugged me closer. “I’ve been here a bunch of times. There’s this little room down the hall they don’t use.”
“Room?”
“Don’t ask.” He stopped at the second to the last door on the left. “This one.” He opened the door. It was an empty broom closet. “Chad’ll never know.” He flipped the light switch and closed the door. “You don’t have shorts on again, do you?”
I thought I knew his plan, and I was a bit nervous. “No.”
“Not many know about this room,” he assured me. Then he grabbed my other hand and pressed me to the wall, hands at the sides of my head. “Now we can finish what we started the other day.”
The first kiss was soft. The next was aggressive. I wanted to run my fingers through his hair. It disoriented me not having the use of my hands. He bent his knees and ground his pelvis into mine. I gasped and hooked a leg around his. How else could I hold him?
“Perfect.” He let one hand go.
I fisted his hair immediately. “What is?” The sound of his zipper was not expected so fast. “Paulie?”
His lips silenced me. I moaned when his fingers rubbed my clit through my panties.
“So wet,” he groaned. Then he stopped for a few seconds and opened a condom. “I’m sorry, but I can’t wait ’til later.” He stretched the crotch of my panties then I felt his cock against my entrance. “I’ll be careful.” He pressed in maybe an inch then grabbed my face with one hand while he held my leg up. “Promise.”
I looked into his unfocused eyes as he thrust up. The pleasure was written all over his face. He focused on me again and smiled. I pulled him to me by the neck and kissed him long and hard.
“Holy shit!” We both turned to the open door to see Daniel and a short blonde. “Are you guys fucking?”
Paulie’s entire body stiffened. “No.” He slowly put my leg down.
“Are you a couple?” Daniel yelled.
I heard other voices in the hallway. “Shut up, Daniel!”
Carefully, Paulie pulled out and fumbled under my skirt. “You can’t say anything.”
“To who?” Daniel looked around.
Paulie turned and closed his pants. “To anyone.”
“Why not?” Daniel was not the smartest in the bunch.
I shifted my legs and wished my underwear were not wedged up my ass. “Because Chad will hit the roof.” I turned to Paulie, who looked pale as can be.
“OK fine.” Daniel’s eyebrows rose. “Only if you guys take a hike so we can use the room.”
“Whatever.” Paulie grabbed my hand and pulled me from the room as fast as he could. When Daniel had closed the door behind him and his friend, Paulie exhaled loudly. “Will Chad really flip out on me?”
I looked at my feet. “I hope not.” I closed my eyes for a few seconds and hoped Chad wouldn’t go crazy. “I need the ladies’ room.”
“Maybe if Natalie asks him out like I told her to he’ll back off.”
I laughed. “Me and Chad were talking about that, too. That’s so weird.”
“Yeah, hopefully it’ll help us.” Paulie nodded to the bathrooms. “I need to go, too.”
When I came out of the ladies’ room, Paulie was with Chad and Natalie. They both looked happy. Then I realized they had their hands clasped together. I smiled, happy for Chad.
“Hey, baby. There you are.” Chad lifted Natalie’s hand. “She said yes.” His eyes sparkled.
I got an odd feeling deep inside. Like a cross between happiness and jealousy. Tears came to my eyes. He had not looked that happy in a long time.
“Congrats.” I smiled and blinked away the tears. “You’re cute together.”
Paulie looked at me sideways from a few feet away. He obviously hoped it meant Chad would be open to us together. We couldn’t hide it forever. Daniel had a big mouth. He might keep it to himself for a week, but I doubted he could much longer than that.
“Shit,” Paulie mumbled.
I glanced behind me. Daniel and the blonde walked toward us. “Oh no,” I muttered to myself.
“Hey, thanks, guys.” Daniel had a huge smile on his face.
Chad turned to him. “Thanks for what?”
“Uh…” Daniel looked at me then Paulie. “For, uh…”
The blonde giggled. “You forgot already?”
“Shut up,” Daniel growled. “Never mind.” He tugged the girl down the hallway.
I let out the breath I had held in.
“We should get upstairs,” Chad said, breaking me out of my worry. “The next band’s up.” He led Natalie to the main room.
Paulie and I followed as far behind as we dared. Our fingers sometimes touched. We met up with everyone else near the left side of the stage. Phil had hickeys all over his neck. Andy and Daniel looked as well sated as he did. Paulie and I were the only ones who seemed disappointed.
Once on stage, I noticed that my hands shook. The sexual frustration had gotten to me. I wished Daniel had waited just a little longer. Then I realized how selfish that was. One glance at Paulie told me he was in the same state.
I had to concentrate extra hard to get each note of our first song right. My thighs were wet. That’s how bad it was. My entire body yearned for Paulie.
I closed my eyes when we started “Scarred.” That drew my mind to Paulie but for a whole other reason than sex. I had seen a picture of Ellie. She’d been beautiful before she had withered away.
My eyes met Paulie’s. A tear rolled down his cheek. That had happened a few times. He usually got ahold of himself quickly, though.
After the last note, he picked up my hand and squeezed it. “It’s hard letting her go.”
Tears filled my own eyes. He rarely talked about what he went through, finally dating again. “You need to talk?”
“Maybe later,” he whispered.
Chad stepped between us. “What the fuck?”
Paulie dropped my hand. “It meant nothing.”
“Hey.” I glared at Chad. “This song is hard for him and you know it.” None of our other bandmates knew why, though. “Give him a break.”
Chad looked from me to Paulie several times. Oh God, he knows! Panic rose in my throat. Natalie called his name, and he let it go. I didn’t know if I wanted to hide it anymore. It was too stressful.
“Sorry,” Paulie mouthed then went back to his place onstage.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

We finished out the night with “Her Desire.” Andy got down low as he sung the chorus. Ladies rushed forward to try to touch him. He growled the last line, “I want to be the object of her desire.” Andy kissed every girl he could reach.
After we had packed up our equipment, we went back inside to check out Delirious. Daniel, Andy and Paulie each nursed a beer, while the rest of us kept to bottled water since we were under age. The band was pretty good. They were a bit harder than us, but I preferred to listen to that type of music anyway.
After the band’s third song, and his fourth beer, Daniel blurted out, “I caught Paulie and Crystal.”
My hand instantly went over my mouth. “Oh, my fucking God.”
Chad’s arm dropped off Natalie’s shoulders. “You caught them doing what?”
Daniel laughed. He had to have had more to drink than I had seen. “They were in that room downstairs… and… and… he was all up against her… lips locked and…”
“Asshole!” Chad roared.
Paulie stepped in front of me. “Chad, we’re dating. It wasn’t just a hook up.”
“Then why’d you hide it?” Chad shouted which drew attention to us.
Andy grabbed Paulie. “We’re taking this outside.” He started for the door. Phil grabbed Chad to keep him from going after them.
“You and Paulie?” Natalie asked. “Why didn’t he tell me?”
I closed my eyes, unsure how it would all end up. “We were afraid of this.” I grabbed her hand. “Come on.” When we caught up to the rest of the group in the parking lot, everyone was arguing.
“This is gonna fuck things up!” Andy cried out. “You don’t shit where you eat.” He glared at Paulie. “When you guys break up who’s gonna leave?”
Paulie folded his arms over his chest. “I’ll stay no matter what. No animosity. I swear.”
I came up to him and put a hand on his bicep. “I’ll do the same. This is not going to break up the band.”
Chad got in Paulie’s face. “If you hurt her, I swear I’ll kill you.”
“I don’t plan to hurt her.” Paulie tried hard to contain his anger.
With a growl, Chad scowled. “Ask her what I did to Keith.”
Phil and Daniel yanked Chad back. “Chad, chill before someone calls the cops,” Phil warned him.
Natalie moved to Chad’s side. “Trust Paulie… for me?” Chad stared at her, and his expression slowly softened. “I’ve known him all my life. He won’t hurt her.”
Chad took a deep breath then looked at Paulie and I. “You swear?”
“Yes.” Paulie put an arm over my shoulders. “So… we good then?”
Chad nodded. “I guess.”
I wanted to jump for joy. “Yay,” I said softly. “So, we staying at your place tonight?”
“Absolutely not!” Chad screamed. “I’m taking her home.”
Natalie pulled on Chad’s arm. “Stop it. Leave them alone.”
“I don’t want him fucking her,” Chad told her.
She made him look at her. “But why?”
“Because…”
Chad looked at me. I smiled to show him I was happy. He looked down, and I knew he was about to say something he had never said had to anyone but me.
“Because… she’s my best friend… and when she hurts… so do I.”
Natalie hugged him. “Aw, that’s so sweet.”
Shocked by his words, no one realized he didn’t answer the question. I knew why, but I would never tell anyone. What he had said was true, but he also didn’t want anyone else to touch me. I hoped Natalie could get him over that as well.
“Now I get it,” Paulie whispered in my ear. “You guys have a cool bond.” He sighed. “Let him take you home. If you’re scared, call. Tomorrow you stay at my place. OK?”
I laid my head on his chest. “Sounds good.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

About two hours later, I opened my dorm room door slowly. I heard a television but nothing more. “Are you decent, Amy?”
“Yeah,” she called back.
Chad followed me inside. “You sure you’re OK alone?” He closed the door behind himself.
“I’m not alone,” I reminded him. “Amy, this is my best friend, Chad.”
She sat up and put out her hand. “Nice to meet you, Chad.” She looked him over and smiled. “Wow. You’re tall—and hot.”
“Thanks.” He blushed and turned to me. “You sure?”
I sighed and quietly asked, “Do you wanna stay? Is that it?”
“Um, well…” He seemed unsure. “I guess with Natalie, I shouldn’t.” He glanced at Amy. “Guess a lot will change with us both dating again.” He sat on my bed and pulled me down next to him. “I’m really sorry I went ballistic tonight.” His hand rested on my knee. “You know me. I overreact and… I’m impulsive.”
I patted his hand. “I know. That’s why we didn’t tell you. I couldn’t see any way to tell you without you going berserk.” I paused then chose my words carefully. “Paulie’s not like Keith. He’s not pushy. He’s been hurt. He understands about Keith, and he gets me and you.”
“OK. I’ll leave you guys alone.” Chad looked at our hands. “Just don’t let me catch him all over you. Then I make no promises. You know I’ll blow up…” He gritted his teeth. “If I catch his hands… on…” His face screwed up with anger again. “On you.” He punched his leg. “Dammit! Why can’t I get a handle on it?”
I stood up and hugged him. “Please just try.”
His arms wrapped around me, and his hands moved to my lower back. “I will. Glad you’re happy.” We stayed like that for a while longer, until Chad gently pushed me back. “I should go. We’re both tired.” He stood and started for the door. “Nice to meet you, Amy. Sorry, if we woke you. G’night.”
I followed him to the door and hugged him again after he opened it. “Drive safe.”
He kissed the top of my head. “I will.” Then he whispered, “I love you, baby girl.”
When he was gone, I ran through my nightly routine. Once in my bed, I opened my phone to call Paulie.
“He’s nice.”
I jumped, since I thought Amy was asleep. “Um, you mean Chad?”
“Yeah.” Amy sat up and looked my way. “He single?”
I wasn’t sure why she wanted that information. “No. He’s dating one of my friends.”
“Oh.” She sounded disappointed. “Just so you know, I like women, but I won’t come on to you. Promise.” She paused. “I like a dick in the room, though.”
My mouth dropped. It surprised me even with what Raj had said about a third. “Um, OK. I’m not into that.” At least I didn’t think I would be.
“I can tell.” She laid back down. “You’re not very open, are you?” She sounded like Keith.
How do I explain it without sounding as if I started older than most I knew? I couldn’t. “I was a virgin until a few months ago.”
“That explains it.” She moved on her bed. “You’ll catch up one day. I bet Chad would love two women all over him.”
“Probably.” I wondered if Paulie would as well.
She grinned and laid back down. “Sometimes Raj brings in another guy. Maybe Chad-”
“I’m sorry, but I’m exhausted.” I couldn’t even think of her, Chad and Raj doing… whatever.
She turned off her television. “You guys play in a band, right?”
“Yeah.” We hadn’t had time to talk much and the band never came up. “We had a gig in Baltimore tonight. Maybe some night you guys can come to one.”
She yawned. “Yeah, we will. Night.”
“Night.” I laid down and rolled away from her. After I unlocked my phone, I hit Paulie’s name.
He answered right away. “You OK? Do you need me?”
“I’m fine. Amy’s here.”
He sighed. “Good, but I wanted to hold you tonight.”
“I think I should try and do this on my own at least once.”
“Miss you.” His voice was soft.
My smile widened as I replied, “Miss you, too.”
Even quieter, he said, “If you wake up… I’ll… I’ll drive over.”
“Go to sleep. You’re tired.”
“Yeah,” He was silent for a few minutes.
“Paulie?”
“Huh?”
I closed my eyes. It was hard to understand how I felt about him. “G’night.”
“Night.”
I held the phone to my ear as his breathing changed. He whispered my name once. Then I listened to his breathing as I drifted off.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

“Finally.” Paulie patted my knee as I put my seatbelt on the next night after our gig. “I thought we’d never be alone again.”
I smiled at him. “Chad promised to let us be… unless…”
“Unless what?” He started the car.
As I bit my lip, I glanced at his pants. “Unless he catches us fucking.”
“That ain’t gonna happen.” He pulled out of Chad’s driveway and onto the street. “No more public sex for us.” He squeezed my leg. “Although I haven’t cum once yet.”
My smile faded. “Sorry about that.” I still felt guilty about it.
“Hey, it’s not your fault. I just keep picking the wrong places to start.” His hand slid up my thigh. “Tonight, no one’s gonna interrupt us.”
“Good.” Most of that day, I had daydreamed of Paulie. Every fantasy ended with me thrashing around with an incredible orgasm. “God, I can’t wait.”
He put his hand back on the steering wheel. “Tonight we’ll take our time, though.”
When Paulie opened his sixth-floor apartment door, he paused before he let me in. “I got this place to myself, but it’s pretty small.” He seemed nervous.
I had wondered why I had not seen it yet. “I don’t care. You should know me by now.”
“Yeah, I know, but you're used to-”
I put two fingers to his lips. “I... don’t... care. Seriously. You could live in a one room trailer and I wouldn’t care.”
He relaxed, and I moved my hand. “OK.”
I braced myself for a hole in the wall. He let me go in first and locked the door while I stepped into the combination kitchen/living room. There was no wall between them, but the flooring changed from linoleum to rug to separate the rooms. It was cramped but somewhat neat. When he dropped my bag and his keys onto the kitchen table, I turned to the sound.
“Don’t look in the kitchen,” he blurted out and blocked my view of the sink full of dishes. “I suck at cleaning up.”
With a smile, I turned away. Then I noticed piles of papers and clothing in the corners. He had probably rushed around before he had left, since we’d planned for me to go home with him. “If you want, I can help you with that. I don't mind.”
“Um, well, maybe.” He blushed slightly. “I do gotta do laundry.” He grabbed me and pulled my back to him. “I wanted to have a romantic night... but I’m not sure what to do.” It sounded like that was hard to admit.
I leaned on him and looked up. “I’m cool with doing anything. Laundry could be fun.”
His arms wrapped around me securely. “You’re kidding, right?”
“Nope.” I bit my lip. “Maybe I’ll find your dirty little secrets.”
He exhaled loudly. “Damn. That means you’ll see my favorite pink panties.”
I froze and prayed he wasn’t serious. It was doubtful I could handle it if he were a cross-dresser.
“I’m kidding.” He kissed my temple. “I don’t got any secrets from you.” I closed my eyes and relaxed. We stood there for a few seconds, without saying a word. Then he squeezed me tighter. “Do you wanna watch TV?”
I turned around in his arms and looked up. “What about the laundry?”
He cocked an eyebrow. “Seriously? You wanna do laundry?”
“Yeah, if you gotta get it done, why not now?” I tilted my head. “Do they got washers and dryers in the basement?”
He pulled his bottom lip in. “Uh, yeah.” He watched me for a moment. “I can do it tomorrow.”
“Don’t be silly.” I slapped his chest and stepped back, which made him let me go. “Do you have a basket or something?”
He stared at me as I gathered the pile of clothes in the far corner. “No. I just throw ’em in a garbage bag.”
I wrinkled my nose. “Do you have a hamper?”
“No.”
I tossed the clothes onto the couch and looked around. Nothing in sight we could use. “An empty box?”
“Maybe.” He disappeared after he had opened the only door in the room.
Subtly, I peeked beyond the door. I saw a bed and more clothes strewn around. He passed the doorway then went the other way.
“Will this do?” He appeared with a large cardboard box.
I nodded. “I’ll make it work.”
He put it down, went back into the room to get his clothes, and tossed them into it. “Glad you’re OK with this. I have nothing clean to wear tomorrow.”
It was impossible not to laugh. “I do the same thing.” I usually had to wear pajamas to do my laundry. It was not in my nature to plan ahead.
“I was gonna do it after I took you home,” he called to me as he disappeared. “Shit!”
“What?” I stepped into the bedroom.
He peered around another doorway. “I forgot to clean the bathroom. Sorry.”
“Will you relax?” I couldn’t help but grin. “I have two brothers who were the biggest slobs I have ever met. You’re not half as bad as them.”
He put a hand on the doorframe. “They must be awful.”
“My mom usedta yell all the time about the bathroom.” I sighed as I looked back. “I was pretty young when they were teenagers, but I still remember the day my mom found a used condom behind the upstairs toilet. I had no idea what it was, but Gavin tells the story like it’s a joke. My mother smacked him with the broom a few times.”
Paulie laughed loudly then put out a hand. “Maybe we can go visit them.”
“That’d be cool.” I moved forward and took his hand. “I’d like them to meet you.”
He lifted my hand to his lips and brushed them over it. “They’re not as bad as Chad, are they?”
“Kinda, but I’ll talk to them.” I waited a few seconds then tugged him toward the door. “Come on. Let’s get this started.” I pulled him into the living room after he picked up the box of clothes. “Then after, maybe we can start what we’ve been trying to finish all week.”
Paulie’s face lit up. “Hell yeah!” He let my hand go and added the clothes from the couch to the ones from the bedroom. “One sec.” He went to the kitchen and opened the cabinet under the sink. “I hope this is enough.” He showed me a bottle of laundry detergent. “If not, they have a vending machine downstairs.”
After we had taken the elevator to the basement and walked through a maze of hallways, we wound up in a large open room. There was a line of washing machines on one side and another of dryers that faced it. I had a few friends who lived in apartment houses and it was similar to most laundry rooms.
Paulie grabbed a handful of clothes from the box and tossed them into the first free washer. “I gotta get change, too.”
“Wait! You can’t just wash everything together.” I shook my head.
He looked at me confused. “Why not?”
My eyebrows rose. “So the colors don’t run into the whites.”
“Is that why my undershirts keep getting messed up?”
I laughed and yanked all the clothes from the washer in front of him. “Yes. Who taught you to do laundry?”
“No one.” He turned away. “My mom died when I was in high school.” He walked a few feet away and put his hands up on the wall. “My dad wasn’t around much after that. I used to eat pop tarts for dinner every night.”
My heart went out to him. His life was so much different from mine. Since he was an only child, it told me he’d gone through it all alone. Maybe that was how he and Natalie had gotten so close.
I walked to him and hugged him. My head rested on his back and my hands were on his chest. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to bring up another painful memory.”
He took a deep breath, then laid his hands over mine. “It’s OK. You didn’t know.” He clasped my hands in his. “I don’t wanna dwell on it. Show me how to do it right.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Around ninety minutes later, we had a pile of clothes on the folding table. Paulie folded a t-shirt. Well, more like balled it up and squished it flat. Then he looked to me, eyebrow raised. I smiled and took a t-shirt from the pile. My mother always told me I folded better than she did. I was a perfectionist about some things.
I showed him my way. “I see why your clothes are wrinkled sometimes.”
“Guess your way’s a bit neater.” He grinned and attempted to fold another shirt. “Close enough.”
I laughed. “Yeah.” We worked together and had everything folded quickly. “Maybe tomorrow we’ll have a cooking lesson.”
“Cool. How about bacon and pancakes?” He gave me a huge grin.
I put a hand on my hip. “You have to have the right ingredients.”
“I’ll go shopping. Make me a list.”
He was too excited for me to say no. “OK. Fine.”
Once back upstairs, Paulie put the box of clothes on the couch. Then he searched a kitchen drawer and came to me with a pen and an envelope. “OK, so, bacon and?”
“Eggs, milk, syrup, Bisquick…”
His face screwed up. “Bisquick?”
“That or pancake mix,” I explained. “They’re next to each other.” He nodded as he wrote, so I continued, “And get some very ripe bananas and cranberry pomegranate juice. Please.”
He looked up at me. “The fridge is empty. Maybe I should get something for lunch and dinner, too. Um, can you make meatloaf? My mom used to make the best.” His eyes pled for a yes.
I smiled and took the pen and list from him. Then I wrote down all I would need to make meatloaf, mashed potatoes and a few other items. “Sounds like we’ll be together all day tomorrow.”
“I hope so.” He winked. “You just hang out, and I’ll run to the store.”
My eyes opened wide. “Now?”
“Yeah, the one a few blocks over is open 24 hours.” He grabbed his keys. “I won’t be long.” He kissed my lips then flew out the door.
I sighed and hefted the clothes to the bedroom. Then I set the box on the bed. I opened drawers to see where he kept things. All but his sock drawer was empty. He really had no clothes to wear before we washed them. I giggled as I put things where I hoped they belonged.
When that was done, I put the box on the floor and looked around. The attached bathroom didn’t smell too awful, but it was quite nasty. No way could I stand that. Under the sink, I found cleaning supplies and went to work.
Paulie still wasn’t back, so I brought my bag to the bedroom and collected everything I would need to take a shower. By the time I was done, I was still alone in the apartment. An acoustic guitar leaned against a wall. In a towel, I picked it up and sat on the bed. I strummed the strings with my thumb. Then I closed my eyes and played a sequence of chords.
“Not exactly how I imagined it.” Paulie whistled as he stood in the doorway. “Was hoping for a bikini.”
I stood, startled. “Sorry. I was bored.”
He came toward me. “Don’t stop.” He reached over the guitar and tugged my towel open, which fell to the floor. “Much better. Play me something.”
My face heated up. The guitar’s body hid my breasts, but the rest of me was on display.
He licked his lips. “You look beautiful. Play. Please.”
I closed my eyes again and ran through the notes to “Her Desire.” When I looked up, Paulie was almost naked and about to lose his jeans. I bit my lip as he bent over to free his ankles. He had a nice ass. When he stood, my mouth opened. His cock was ready to go.
My pussy clenched. I had never wanted him so much. Since he couldn’t take his eyes off me, I continued to play. However, when he ran his hand over his erection, I started to miss notes. Moisture pooled between my legs as I watched him intently.
“You like, huh?” Paulie came closer and took the guitar away. “So do I.” He bent down and kissed my lips. “Naked and alone, finally.”
I ran my hands up his sides to his chest. “Yeah, no interruptions.” I was nervous but tried to let it go.
“Did he ever make you cum more than once?”
As I looked up at him, I replied, “Once before and once during usually.”
“Good, just relax.” The fingers of one hand ran through my hair while the others slid behind me. He pulled me closer. “Slow and easy. Promise.” His lips pressed to mine again. Then his fingers brushed my skin as they headed downward.
My breathing sped up. I felt my folds swell further as his kisses came faster. While I grabbed a handful of his hair, I moaned and touched his tongue with mine.
Suddenly, he lifted me and sat me on the bed. Our lips never parted. He held the back of my head while his tongue dominated my mouth. I was breathless, close to desperate. Without a word, he climbed on the bed, which forced me onto my back.
Together we moved up the bed until my head was on the pillow. I threw my arms around him, while his forearms lay on either side of my head. My eyes opened when he reached over to the table next to the bed. He had a box of condoms there.
As he held himself up with one hand, he tore a packet open with his teeth. Then his lips brushed over my neck as a hand moved between our bodies. I knew he was putting the condom on. Anticipation built within me, and my thighs stiffened as I shivered. When his lips touched my ear, I gasped and my hips rose.
“Lift up.” He tugged on my left thigh.
I wrapped my legs around his waist. A bit of anxiety had crept up. When I locked my ankles, I took a deep breath and looked up at him. I wanted to say something, but between the insane desire and nervousness, I had no voice.
“It's OK,” he whispered just as he pressed against my opening. “God, you’re wet.” Then he groaned as he pushed in.
Eyes closed, I clutched his shoulder. There was no pain, just relief. Both our bodies shuddered as he pulled back and thrust in again. All my fear was replaced by the need to climax. My nails dug into his skin as every stroke sent electricity through me.
“Fuck! So good.” He lifted his head and kissed me again and again while he slowly burrowed deeper.
We gasped together. It was so different from the other times we had tried. My need grew, as if he had teased me relentlessly. “Harder,” I said breathlessly.
“Not yet.” He moaned. “I don’t wanna hurt you.” He nuzzled my neck and breathed heavily over my ear. “I forgot how good this feels.” His hips still moved languidly. “It don’t hurt, does it?”
My back arched as a sudden wave of ecstasy came over me. I couldn’t answer, just cried out. My canal tightened around him, which hindered him. I rhythmically contracted within. Not able to control it, I whimpered. Keith had never brought me so much pleasure.
“Guess not.” He groaned loudly. “That feels so good.” His fingers wove into my hair while his lips brushed over my neck slowly. “Didn't think it would be like this.”
When I came down from the powerful orgasm, I turned my head so our lips met. He fisted my hair and hungrily sucked on my bottom lip between kisses. I clung to him as his hips moved again. His short strokes told me he was not fully seated yet. I cringed when he gave me a longer one and felt my body stretch from within.
“Relax. I’m almost all the way in.” He groaned loudly. “Thank God I jerked off today.”
I smiled. Obviously, it had helped him last longer. The first time we had attempted sex, he was almost done before we’d even started. Slow and incredible was much better. Then I shut my eyes while I tried not to clench from the slight ache within.
“You OK?” He paused and looked into my eyes. “You got quiet.”
With a nod, I realized I had been lost in thought. “It’s hurting but I’ll be fine.”
He sighed and pressed his cheek to mine. “I’ll go a bit slower,” he whispered. He had pulled out almost all the way before he pushed back in carefully. “Better?”
It was. “Yeah.” The head of his cock swept my sweet spot fleetingly, and my mouth opened.
“That hurt?”
I gasped when he did it again. “No. No.”
“I found it, huh?” After he did it a few more times, he softly laughed. “Perfect timing.” He withdrew then shoved in hard.
A scream came from me that I didn’t expect. I had him completely engulfed and squeezed him tightly. My eyes rolled back as the second orgasm shocked me.
“Knew you could do it.” His groans got louder as my body continued to respond to him. “I bet you don’t have a limit.”
My legs tightened around his waist a few times before my entire being relaxed. “Damn, how’d you do that?”
“My little secret. You’ll have to stick around for more.” His voice in my ear sent shivers up my spine. “Lift up your hips when I come down.”
I did and didn’t understand why it felt different.
“Like that?” Paulie breathed in my ear once more.
I nodded and bit my bottom lip. We moved together again. When my hips were at an angle, I gasped loudly and froze. Somehow, he had pushed right into that spot even more. “Oh God. Oh God. Paulie... Don’t stop. Please don’t stop.”
He grinned as he pumped faster and faster. “So glad I was right.”
“A—bout... what?” I cried out as it started to overwhelm me.
His lips moved over my ear. “That you can keep cumming.” He started to pound me harder. “Let it go.”
My hips fell when my body seized. Then I thrashed around and cried out several times. The sheer power of it scared me. I felt like it would never end.
“I’m cumming,” Paulie softly said in my ear as I felt him throb inside me. “Fuck.” He cradled me in his arms as he gasped and moaned along with me.
For several minutes, we laid there as we shook and fought to catch our breath. I was stunned speechless. My fists unclenched when I realized I still had his hair grasped in them. Then slowly, I ran my fingers down his back. If I couldn’t talk, at least I could show him how grateful I was. He hadn’t let me go and still shook a bit.
I took a few deep breaths and touched his face. “You OK?”
He nodded then hugged me tighter. “Sorry. Wasn’t expecting it to feel like that.”
“Like what?”
Slowly, he lifted his head, and his eyes met mine. “Well, it’s hard to explain. The first two times, I just wanted to cum. This time, I was getting off on you cumming. It just kept building. Then when I came, it was like an explosion. Hasn’t happened to me in a long time.”
I raked his hair with the fingers of my right hand and caressed his back with my left. “Maybe getting interrupted so much was a good thing.”
“Yeah.” He leaned down and kissed me softly. “I’m glad you came here tonight.”
“Me, too.”
He pulled out with a grunt. “So didn’t wanna do that.” He got to his knees then climbed off the bed. “Be right back.”
When Paulie disappeared into the bathroom, I stretched out and winced. My neither region was quite sore. Almost like after my first time. I closed my thighs. They ached as well.
“You didn’t have to clean the bathroom.” Paulie walked back into the room, less the condom. “Thanks, though.”
I tried not to move. “You’re welcome. Not that I'm complaining, but I had to.”
“Sorry.” He pulled the blanket and top sheet down on one side of the bed. “Next time you come over, I’ll have the place clean.” He watched me carefully lift off the blanket so I could get under it. “What’s wrong? You got a funny look on your face.”
As I still struggled to hide my pain and move at the same time, I didn’t reply right away. When I had managed to tuck myself in on my back, I turned to him.
Paulie knelt on the bed then sat on his heels. “You in pain?”
While I chewed on my bottom lip, I mulled over partial truths. Then I settled on honesty, so he understood. “I’m kinda sore.”
“Oh.” He settled in next to me on his side then pulled me into his arms. “I’m sorry. You were really tight.” He kissed my temple. “You’ll get used to me.”
I knew he meant get used to how big he was. Like my first time, I could almost feel him inside me still. A hint of desire came over me, and I involuntarily clenched.
“Ah!” I gasped. It made me wish I could control my body’s urges. “We may have to wait a few days before we can have sex again.”
“We will.” He kissed my temple again. “Sorry it still hurts.”
I put a hand on his cheek. “Not really your fault. He was a lot smaller than you.”
“No more talking about Keith. OK?”
“OK.”
He closed his eyes and nuzzled my neck with his nose. “Night. I love you.” His body stiffened. “Oh, God. I’m so sorry. That just fell outta my mouth.”
I had no idea what to say to that. Does he tell every woman he loves her?
“You mad?” he asked softly.
I shrugged the shoulder opposite him. “No, confused maybe.”
“I care about you a lot.” He spoke quietly. “I don’t know if I love you yet, but it came out so naturally. Like you were…”
Then my heart stopped. I finished his sentence, “Like I was Ellie?”
“I’m sorry.” He took in a shaky breath.
I knew he still grieved somewhat. Quickly, I turned to him and hugged him. “I get it.” That was partly a lie. Although I understood, it still hurt.
He clutched me as close as possible. “I won’t say it again unless I mean it, Crystal.”
“Good,” I whispered. It would be very painful to hear Paulie say it nightly then take it back.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

I woke up the next morning to arms around me. Paulie held me from behind as he teased my left nipple. As I slowly stirred, I soon felt his morning erection pressed into my ass cheek. My canal involuntarily tensed with need. There was still an ache.
Paulie hugged me tightly. His lips moved up my neck then over my ear. “Can we do it again?” He ground his hips into me. “I’m all ready to go. How about you?” A hand slid down the front of my body.
I didn’t move, unsure if I could handle sex again so soon. When he thrust two fingers into my pussy, I gritted my teeth, to try to be quiet. “Ah.”
“You a’right?” He sat up fast. “What happened?”
Sheepishly, I said, “I’m still sore from last night.” I felt a bit embarrassed that the effects had lasted so long. “Sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry.” He laid back down and hugged me. “I forgot.” He dropped a few kisses on my neck then my cheek. “Think you can still teach me to make pancakes?”
I nodded. “Sure, but with clothes on.”
Soon after, we headed to the kitchen. Thankfully, his t-shirt was long enough to cover my panties. Each step reminded me of sex the night before. I had to walk carefully to avoid discomfort.
“You sure you’re OK?” Paulie asked from behind me. “You’re walking kinda like…” He laughed. “Damn, I fucked you bowlegged.” He grabbed my hips and started to walk with me. “We should go somewhere holding hands, so I can show you off.”
I elbowed him lightly. “Uh-uh.”
He chuckled again. “Good thing we don’t have a gig tonight.”
As I opened the refrigerator, I nodded. “Yeah, that would suck. Chad’d definitely notice.” I handed Paulie eggs, milk and the bacon. “Get out a big bowl and two fry pans.”
Paulie opened cabinets. “Will this work?’ He held out a serving bowl.
“It’s good enough.”
He set it on the table next to the box of Bisquick. Then he crouched down and opened another cabinet. “I only have one fry pan.”
“It’s OK. We’ll make the bacon first.”
I showed him how to lay it out, and he found the cover to minimize splatter. Next, we mashed bananas with a fork, since he didn’t have much else to use. He didn’t have measuring cups, so we used a storage container that said it held two cups to measure out the Bisquick.
While the bacon drained on napkins, I showed him how to pour the pancake mix into the pan. “They usually bubble a little when the first side is cooked.” I flipped the first one then handed Paulie the spatula. His hit the side and slid down at an odd angle. I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Thanks for the encouragement.” Paulie looked down at me. “Now we’re definitely going somewhere tonight.”
I sat in a chair at the small table. “Yeah right. We’ll see.”
“You wanna watch TV while we eat?” Paulie swiped a strip of bacon and took a bite. “Mmm, so worth running to the store before sex.” He winked at me. “You spoil me.”
I smiled and shook my head. “Keep it up and no more sex for you.”
“After how I made you scream last night?” His eyebrows went up. “I know you never came that hard before.” He turned to the bedroom. “That your phone?”
I concentrated, then heard it as well. “Yeah.” Carefully, I stood and slowly walked to the bedroom. When I had gotten my phone out of my bag, I sat on the bed.
“Who is it?’ Paulie called from the kitchen.
After I had unlocked my phone, I saw a missed call. “Amy.”
“Does she wanna fuck me?” He laughed. “I’m kidding you know.”
I smiled. The look on his face when Raj asked if he would share told me he would be faithful. “I know.” Then I listened to her voicemail. “She invited us to a party tonight.”
“Perfect.” He sounded so smug.
Although my awkward gait was his fault, it wasn’t that funny. I carried my phone back into the kitchen and found that he had piled the first set of pancakes on a plate and poured three more.
“Look. I did it!”
I peered in the pan. “Nice.” They were misshapen, but great for a first try. I searched and came up with plates, forks, and cups for juice. “What do you wanna watch?”
“Whatever’s on.” He flipped a pancake. “Damn, so close.”
When I put the juice away, I noticed he had flipped a pancake onto another one. “You’ll get it.”
“At least I didn’t burn it.”
“True.” I put my hand out. “Do you want me to do it?”
He shook his head. “Nah, this is how I learn. In a week, I’ll be a pro.” He winked at me. “Go sit and find something to watch. I’ll bring breakfast to you.”
Minutes later, we watched reruns of sitcoms while we ate. When both of our plates were clean and set on the small table in front of us, Paulie threw an arm over my shoulders and tugged me closer.
“We can do this all day if you like.” He sighed. “Then maybe later you’ll be able to walk straight.”
I nodded. “Yeah, maybe.” I moved a leg and winced.
“How about you lay down and lean on me.” He slid down to the end of the couch and turned sideways, a leg around me. “I’m sorry. I didn’t think I was hurting you.”
I slowly stretched out between his legs and laid my head on his chest again. “You weren’t. Well, I didn’t feel much pain.”
One of his hands ran over my hair soothingly. The other arm wrapped around my chest, while his hand rested on my right breast. “Too horny to feel it.” He toyed with my nipple. “Next time should be better.” He kissed the top of my head. “After a while, you should be fine.”
“Do you have to work tomorrow?” I knew he was the newest employee at Charlie’s. That normally meant the crappy hours. Labor Day weekend was most likely all on him.
Paulie leaned his head on mine. “Yeah, it kinda sucks only working days, but leaves me time to go out with you and time for the band.”
“True.” We didn’t make much money as a band.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

After we had meatloaf, mashed potatoes and broccoli for dinner, we cleaned the kitchen together. Then we both got ready to go to the party. As I fixed my hair, Paulie came up behind me and watched me in the mirror.
“What?” My eyebrows were up.
He smirked. “You look too sexy for words.” He placed his hands on my hips. “Did it get better?” His fingers moved forward over my skirt a bit.
“Yeah.” It was true. It wasn’t painful to walk, although it still felt odd. “I don’t know if it’s enough for sex tonight, though.”
He kissed my neck a few times. “I wasn’t gonna ask for it. Just wanna know if you’re OK.”
“I’ll be fine.”
I finished my makeup then looked for my heels. After I put them on, I went to the living room to grab my purse. I heard Paulie behind me.
“Um, you’re still walking weird but a lot better.” He hugged me and kissed my temple. “The pain gone?”
I leaned back on him and smiled. “Yep. Laying down for a while helped.” My left hand skimmed over his denim-covered hip to his thigh. “By the way, you look hot.”
“Thanks.” His breath washed over my ear, which made my eyes close. “Do I know anyone who’s going?”
The conversation with Amy was hours ago and quite short. “She didn’t mention any names I knew.” I shrugged. “Guess we’re gonna make new friends.”
“Cool.” He took out his keys. “Let’s go then.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

The party was at a large house Raj and a few other students lived in. When we arrived, we saw no one we knew. Paulie kept an arm around me as we wove through the crowd. The music was loud and alcohol abundant.
“You want something? I’m gonna get a beer.” Paulie stopped near the kitchen where they served drinks.
I looked around in the hopes of seeing a familiar face. “Yeah, maybe water.” He let me go and turned away. I heard Amy somewhere but still didn’t see her. “Have you seen Raj?” I asked the man who had handed Paulie his beer.
“Amy’s guy?” The man nodded to the left. “I think he’s out back.”
When I turned in that direction, I saw an open door that led to the backyard. People came in and out of the wide doorway. It made me wonder what was back there. Except I wasn’t in the mood to have Raj ogle me.
“Here.” Paulie startled me slightly when he handed me a bottle of water.
I glanced at him. “Thanks.” I opened it and took a sip. “Any idea what’s back there?” I pointed to the door I had been watching.
“Heard volleyball and that stupid dizzy game.” He rolled his eyes. “So not my thing.” He wrapped an arm around my shoulders. “Maybe that’s why I didn’t go to college. I’m not into drinking games.”
I laughed at his sarcasm. “Oh yeah, that’s all we do at school, drink and play.” Then Amy shouted something. I turned my head, but I couldn’t see what was going on.
Paulie got on his toes. “I think Amy’s crying. Maybe you should talk to her.”
I nodded and hoped I could find her. “I’ll be back.”
Worried, I walked toward her voice. It took a while to make my way to her. By the time I had found her, she had just rushed away from Raj.
“Amy! Amy!” I hurried to catch up to her. When she reached the front door, I grabbed her arm. “Amy. Stop. What happened?”
She turned to me with tears in her eyes. “It’s nothing.” Then she walked outside.
Sure it was a lie, I followed. I watched her sit on the steps, head in her hands. Quietly, I sat next to her and put an arm around her back. “It’s OK.” It was the only thing that came to mind. Then I was shocked when she turned and hugged me.
“He did it again.” She sobbed loudly.
I rubbed her back and held her close. “I’m right here.” Since I had few female friends, I was unsure how to comfort her. “If you wanna talk, I’ll listen.”
She shook and cried for quite a while. Suddenly, she sniffled and lifted her head. “He fucked some chick without me.” She took in several shaky breaths. “He promised he wouldn’t do it again.” Then she broke down.
I felt helpless. What do you say when someone you barely know drops that bomb on you? I knew Raj had a roving eye, but I hadn’t realized that he was such a sleaze. Glad I had nothing to worry about with Paulie.
“I bet…” Amy struggled to get herself together. “I bet Chad’s faithful.” Her entire body shuddered. “And Paulie, too.”
Glad she made an opening, I replied, “They are.” Well, Chad is mostly. I couldn’t tell her about us, not that there was an us. “Chad’s a great guy, and Paulie’s wonderful, too.”
“Wonder if Chad would go for a slut like me?” She looked up with sad eyes.
I put a hand on her shoulder. “You’re not a slut.”
“Amy, I’m so sorry.” Raj’s voice came from behind us. “Babe, it meant nothing. I’m sorry.”
She stood up quick and glared at him. “You fucking asshole! You promised it’d never happen again.”
“I know. I know, baby.” He moved toward her and yanked her into his arms, ignoring her protests. “I’m so sorry. I was weak, and she begged for it. We can get through this. I’ll do better. So sorry.”
My mouth dropped when they kissed, then started to grope each other. I couldn’t stay around to watch them fuck. As quickly as possible, I went back inside to find Paulie.
“Hey, you find her?” Paulie called to me when I got close.
I waited until I was next to him and told him, “Yeah, but so did Raj. I think they’re making up now.” I rolled my eyes. “Right on the front porch.”
“If we tried that, we’d be interrupted.” He laughed then pulled me into his arms. “I met a few cool guys. I heard they had a pool table on the other side of the house. Wanna check it out?”
I shrugged. “OK.” I had no idea how to play, but I knew I’d like to see Paulie bend over.
When we found the table, I froze. Chad and Natalie were several feet away. Amy hadn’t told me he’d been invited as well. He held Natalie in his arms, his lips to her forehead.
They looked adorable, but jealousy still raged within me. I forced it down deep, so Paulie wouldn’t notice. Chad looked happy. That meant I had to give her the benefit of the doubt. It seemed that she didn’t plan to run from him the way she did from most men.
“Paulie! Crystal!” Natalie suddenly called.
I looked up. She tugged Chad toward us.
“You know Amy?” she asked.
Chad cocked an eyebrow at Natalie. “You know Amy, too?” He obviously didn’t know who invited them.
I smiled. “She’s my roommate. Chad met her the other day. How do you know her?”
Natalie leaned back on Chad. “She’s in my Intro to Psychology class. We’re both going for nursing.”
Just then, Amy and Raj came into the room, all smiles. “Hey, guys.” Then her eyes settled on Chad. “You’re dating Natalie?”
“Yeah.” He gave her a half-smile. “You didn’t know?” When she shook her head, he laughed. “This night is full of surprises.”
That was an understatement. I froze at the sound of a familiar voice. When I glanced up, I knew Chad had heard it, too.
I stepped toward him. “Don’t. Please, Chad. Leave it alone.”
Chad’s eyes swept the house beyond us. “He brought that fucking bitch with him.” Then he growled, “He’s a fuckin’ dead man.”
“Who?” Paulie grabbed Chad when he tried to rush past him. “Dude, don’t start a fight. Who’re you talking about?”
His voice deep and filled with anger, Chad replied, “Keith. He has my cheating ex with him, too.”
My eyes closed. I had forgotten Keith went to the same school. Not once had I seen him on campus, but he had a completely different major than me. It was a big school. How the hell does he know the same people we do?
“I’m gonna kill him this time,” Chad quietly announced.
Paulie held his arms tightly. “No you’re not.” Their eyes met. “I heard some of what he did. He’s an asshole but not worth going to jail over. You gotta let it go.”
Then Keith’s voice got closer. Chad seethed but let Paulie restrain him. Paulie looked to be in control, except his eyes. They flared with rage. While they took deep breaths, the two of them stood still.
I didn’t want to face Keith. It wasn’t as easy as I made it seem to leave the pain of his betrayal behind. If Paulie had not been so hurt before me, I would worry he’d also cheat. When I turned to the right, to see where Keith was, I came face to face with him.
“Crystal?” His voice cracked as he let Brianna’s hand go. “Um, nice to see you.”
I stared for a moment, then turned as I waved a hand. “You know my boyfriend, Paulie.”
A flash of a smile passed Keith’s lips. “Boyfriend?” Then he muttered, “Good luck getting in her pants.”
Paulie’s fist flew without warning. “Fuck off!”
Keith landed on his ass. “Oh God, not again.”
“Keep the fuck away from her!” Paulie shouted.
With Brianna’s help, Keith got back on his feet but stood away from us. “I’m sorry.” Without another word, they disappeared into the crowd.
“Let it go, huh?” Chad laughed loudly. “You held me back so you could deck him? Good hit.”
Paulie rubbed his knuckles then looked up at me. “Sorry. That comment pissed me off. It’s not a joke what he did to you.”
I blushed and hoped the conversation was dropped. Still face to face with Chad, Paulie put a hand out to me and tugged me toward them.
“He did something else?” Chad asked Paulie quietly.
With a nervous glance at me first, Paulie hesitated. Then he whispered, “I meant taking her virginity then cheating on her. That was beyond fucked up. It shoulda been special for her.”
“Yeah, it shoulda.” Chad put a hand on my back and half-hugged me.
Their words made me regret it, but regrets didn’t change anything. “It’s too late.” I stepped back from them both. “It’s done. I moved on. So should you guys.”
“True.” Paulie let Chad go and pulled me to him with an arm around my neck. “We’ll stop.” He pressed my cheek to his chest. “He just gets us riled up.” With a sigh, he ran his fingers through my hair. “Sometimes I wish I was your first, so you wouldn’t’ve gone through that.” His voice was soft.
I closed my eyes and wished it had been anyone but Keith. At the time, it felt right. In hindsight, it was a mistake. One I couldn’t take back and had to live with.
“I’m not like him,” Paulie vowed as he kissed the top of my head.
A dainty hand touched my shoulder. “You OK?” Amy asked.
I lifted my head slightly. “Yeah. Not in the mood to explain. Sorry.”
She tilted her head, and her mouth turned up. “I get it. Raj knows him from school. I’ll tell him not to invite him to anymore parties you’ll be at.”
“Thanks.” I forced a smile. “He’ll stay away.” I was sure he knew better than to come near me with Chad and Paulie again.
She nodded. “OK good. You’re not going home, right?”
“Nah.” I hugged Paulie tightly. “I’m not gonna let him bring me down.”
Paulie kissed my forehead. “Good to hear.” As soon as Amy and Raj were gone, he lifted my chin. “Wanna play pool now?”
“You and Chad play,” I insisted. “We’ll watch.” I winked at Natalie, who held Chad’s hand again.
We sat on a couch that faced the table and watched them play against two others. Every time either leaned over the table, I bit my lip and gawked at their ass. Natalie did basically the same, except she made it obvious. At least Paulie didn’t notice my eyes roaming over Chad as well. My pussy clenched when they both looked my way.
Then Paulie gave me an evil grin. I followed his eyes to my partly open legs. Not able to reach the floor, I hadn’t crossed them. The look told me he wanted a better peek. When Chad turned away, I spread my legs as far as my skirt allowed.
He groaned and put a hand over his crotch. I couldn’t help but smile. He turned away, and I grinned while he bent at the waist to make a shot. His jeans fit his ass so well.
Paulie turned, an eyebrow cocked. “Are you staring at my ass?”
My face heated up. “Maybe.”
He gave me a sultry look and licked his lips. “Your turn. So I can watch you.”
I shook my head because I didn’t want to make a fool of myself. “Watching you is more fun.”
With a smirk, he walked to me. “Wanna see if it got you wet,” he said in my ear then abruptly went back to the game. After he sank three balls in a row and won the game for their side, he leered at me.
My heart beat a million miles an hour as he crossed the room to me again. I wasn’t sure what he would do next. Strangely, he grabbed my hand and pulled me to the bathroom. It was not remotely what I had expected.
“Sit on the vanity,” he urged.
I looked up at him, wide-eyed. “Why?”
“Just do it.” He unbuckled his belt. “Please.” I watched him open his pants and pull out his already stiff cock. “I’ll be fast.” He paused when I hesitated. “You still hurting?”
As I glanced at my hands, I admitted, “No, but what if someone catches us?”
“There’s bedrooms upstairs if that’d be better for you.” His eyebrows rose, hopeful. “I know you’re leery of sex anywhere else.”
I thought of Chad not far away. “Don’t want Chad to catch us. He’ll be more pissed this time.”
“This time?” Paulie’s expression changed to confusion. “He never caught… us… Oh, shit. Really?” He took my hands in his. “No wonder he hates Keith so much.”
I smiled when he kissed my nose.
“Forget it.” He quickly closed up his pants but left his belt open. “I’ll wait ’til we get back to my place.” He hugged me tightly. “I’m sorry. I didn’t realize that’s why you got anxious. Next time, I’ll know better.” He groaned softly. “My dick hates this, though.” His hot breath over my ear made me shiver. “Can I at least feel if watching my ass got you wet?”
I nodded. Then I grabbed his arms when a hand moved beneath my skirt. His fingers slid under the crotch of my panties. With the slightest touch of my clit, I whimpered. I was as horny as he had hoped but I tried to ignore it.
“God, so wet.” Paulie’s voice was so sexy. He stroked my clit gently. “How about I make you cum? Then you decide if you want my dick.” He explored my folds slowly.
I held in a cry when he thrust two fingers into me.
“Oh yeah,” he whispered in my ear. “Suck those fingers in deep, baby.” He slid them out then right back in again.
While I whimpered with each thrust of his fingers, I tried to stay quiet. I gripped his biceps hard and gasped when he started to rub my sweet spot within while a thumb caressed my clit. He used more pressure and my legs shook. I couldn’t hold it in. One more sweep and I cried out his name.
He kissed me to silence me. As soon as he was free of my body, his lips brushed over my ear. “So fucking hot.”
I was nervous as hell that someone had heard me. “Can we go? Please?”
He shifted his body. “Can you help me out first?” His body pressed against mine, which let me feel that he was hard as a rock. “Hand job or sex… I know you’re squeamish about blowjobs.” He grabbed my ass. “I want you so fucking bad, I’ll be fast. I swear.”
Still unsure, I laid a hand on the front of his pants. There was a small wet spot at the tip. He wasn’t kidding. When he took a step back, I opened his zipper and slipped a hand inside. His boxers were even wetter. Carefully, I tugged them down and grasped his shaft.
As he sucked a breath in through his teeth, Paulie stiffened. “Fuck.” Then he opened the button, to set his cock free. “Do it like you did the first time.”
I closed my eyes and imagined that night. He had almost cum in my hand. I started to run my hand up and down his long length. When I bumped my fingers over the crown a few times, he grabbed my shoulders.
“Faster, please,” he begged. He moaned quietly several times as I jerked him harder. I made sure to catch the head with each swipe. “Can you play with my balls? Please?”
My hand shook, but I reached into his boxers and took hold of his scrotum. His sigh encouraged me. I had never felt that part of a man’s anatomy. Curious, I probed every inch. When a finger slipped and brushed the skin behind it, he shuddered.
“Stop. Stop.” He yanked both my hands away.
“Why?” I thought he liked it.
He grabbed a wad of toilet paper. “Gonna cum.” He stroked his erection a few times before it spewed. With perfect timing, he caught the semen with the toilet paper. “Oh, fuck!” He stood there for a few minutes while he tried to catch his breath. Then he leaned on me. “Your hands feel so good.”
That made me smile. It was a bit of a high to give him pleasure. “Good.”
Not long after, we wound up back by the pool table. Natalie had played in Paulie’s place. She looked up at him. “You wanna take over? I kinda suck at it.”
“I know you do.” Paulie grinned. “Love you anyway.”
I was glad they were close. I hoped it would make things between him and Chad better. At least Chad hadn’t said anything about us that night.
“So…” Natalie slinked up next to me and put an arm around my waist. “You and my cousin leave for a quickie? You’re all flushed.”
My face heated up even more. “Not exactly.”
She sighed. “We’re not having sex yet. I’m so jealous.”
I tried not to show my jealousy about her hands on Chad’s body. “Chad likes to take things slow. He likes to get to know a girl before taking that step. Did you know Brianna cheated on him?”
“He told me what she did.” Natalie almost growled, “Fucking twat. I knew something funny was going on with those two.” She folded her arms over her chest. “Sorry. I know that mess hurt you, too.”
I didn’t want to talk about it. “Yeah, it wasn’t fun.”
“I’m glad you and Paulie got together.” She half-hugged me. “You’re both happier.”
“So is Chad.” I took a deep breath. “Give him time. He’s always taken things slow, but this time, he needs to know you’ll stick around.” I gave her a pointed look.
She glanced at Chad then back at me. “I don’t plan on dumping him. He just might the one I been looking for.”
My chest constricted. No, not yet. I’m not ready for him to settle down yet. To hide my angst, I nodded. “Good. Don’t hurt him. Please.”
“I won’t,” she assured me. “I let him lead me, so he’s comfortable. Don’t worry. If I feel like running, I’ll talk to him about it first. Usually I get bored by now, but he keeps pulling me back in. Glad we took a chance.”
Unsure what else to say, I stepped back then sat on the couch again. Natalie joined me, and we watched the boys play some more. I needed to be happy for Chad. It wasn’t like she was a gold digger or a bitch like the others. She was a good friend who I could trust not to hurt my best friend.
Just after Chad sunk the eight ball, he and Paulie handed their sticks off to a couple of guys nearby. We stood up. Then Natalie called out, “Next Monday I wanna go to-”
Chad put his fingers to her mouth. “I know it’s your birthday, but I got something I gotta do.”
She pulled away from his hand. “What? You said we’d go out.”
“I said celebrate your birthday.” He closed his eyes. “Not on it.”
My eyes filled with tears. When Paulie was close enough, I grabbed his arm. To avoid my dread, I had put the day out of my mind.
“What’s wrong?” Paulie asked as he embraced me and held my head. “Tell me. Please.”
I shook my head.
“I’m sorry, baby girl.” Chad put his hand on my back. “I didn’t mean to remind you.”
Paulie kissed the top of my head. “Chad, why’s she upset?”
“The trial starts next week,” Chad whispered.
Another hand touched my back. I cringed and pressed into Paulie.
“It’s me, Natalie.” She spoke softly. “I didn’t know. I’m sorry. We can celebrate my birthday the day before. I know you need Chad.”
Chad sighed and leaned his head on my shoulder. “Baby, it’s gonna be OK. Let it go. Please.” He lifted his head. “I’m sorry, Paulie. I didn’t mean to upset her.”
Paulie hugged me tighter. “I’ll be there, too. We’ll help you through this.” He ran a hand down my back. “Maybe we should go.”
I nodded. While I fought tears, I couldn’t talk.
“Nice to see you guys.” Paulie steered me to walk toward the exit. “We’ll see you tomorrow.” Nothing was said until we sat in his car. “Why didn’t you tell me?” He lifted my left hand and squeezed it.
I sniffled and wiped at my eyes. “I don’t know.”
“You scared to face him?”
“No, just don’t wanna think about it,” I admitted.
He sighed. “Is that how you dealt with it, by pretending it didn’t happen?” He kissed my fingers. “Ignoring something doesn’t make it go away.”
“I know.” My eyes closed as I took a deep breath. “But this is my way. I have to let it go, so it doesn’t consume me.”
He pressed his lips to my temple. “OK.” He paused before he asked, “Have you seen a doctor since?”
“Yes.” My voice was small.
He leaned over and hugged me again. “Alone?”
“No.”
“I’ll go if you need me.” He pressed his cheek to mine. It was wet. “To the trial, to an appointment, to whatever you need, Crystal. I’m here for you.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Almost three weeks had passed since the party. The trial was behind me, and it was a great relief. Chad and Paulie had been there every step of the way. It had helped them find more common ground.
Chad had not interfered in our relationship since. He and Natalie had stayed close, and I had let go of my fear that she would hurt him.
It was a Thursday night at the end of September. We were to play at Charlie’s again. Amy and Raj had promised to come. Chad had brought Natalie. Will had even shown up with a girl he had met at school.
Unlike usual, I didn’t sit at the bar. I stood against a wall in the side hallway. The trial had ended with a conviction. However, Dr. Brower only got what I considered a slap on the wrist, six months in jail.
Although, he did lose his medical license in the process, it didn’t feel like it was enough. The best thing was that he was labeled a sex offender.
“Hey, what is it?” Natalie asked as she came toward me. After she waited a few seconds for me to respond, she asked, "You all right?”
I looked up. “Just thinking.”
“Looks like you’re upset.” Natalie checked behind her. “Should I get Paulie or Chad?” She looked concerned. “You’ve been kinda mopey since the trial ended. I thought you’d be happy it was over.”
I shrugged. “I am. Guess it was so overwhelming, I’m still getting over it.”
That was the truth, but it was the first time I had admitted it. The trial had drained me and had brought up more emotions than I’d expected. Ones I never wanted to feel again.
“I’ll go get Paulie.” She patted my shoulder. “Amy showed. She’s talking to Daniel. I better go before he starts hitting on her.” She laughed. “He’s got balls. He don’t care if the girl is attached or not.”
That made me smile. If she only knew. I leaned my head against the wall. To get myself together, I took deep breaths. It was easier said than done to let go of all the pent-up angst.
“Crystal?” Paulie called as he walked my way. “You upset?” He stood in front of me. “Anything I can do?”
My head lifted, and our eyes met. “Just kinda… Tired? Stressed? Anxious? All that? I dunno.”
“It’s gonna be a’right.” He took my hand and tugged me into his arms. “We’re gonna get through this.” His hands moved reassuringly over my back. “You just need to relax.” He gripped my shoulders lightly. “Damn, you’re tense. When we get home, I’m giving you a massage.”
I sighed. “I got school tomorrow.”
“Right. Forgot it was Thursday.” He used a bit more pressure.
My eyes closed as tingles ran up and down my spine. “My dorm?” His thumbs dug into my neck. “God… feels good.” I grabbed his shirt and held on as he slowly eased my tension.
“How about making love later?” he whispered. “That may be just what you need.”
We hadn’t had sex since the trial began. I did miss it, but with my mind preoccupied, it was never the right time. Besides that, anytime we started to get physical, I shook and pulled away.
Paulie had more patience than I imagined. Chad would have asked for sex at least once a day. As in the beginning, Paulie let me lead him. He just held me and didn’t try to make me talk about what I was thinking or feeling. It made me care for him even more.
“If you’re not ready, that’s fine.” He ran his fingers through my hair and pressed into my skull gently. “But I think it’ll help.”
I didn’t understand why, but I hated to sound naïve.
“At least let me give you an orgasm. Your whole body’ll feel better.” His tone told me he wasn’t just looking for sex. He did want to help me. “You know that feeling we had after our first time… well the time we finished that is.”
Not able to help it, I smiled. “That was from the orgasms?” I realized how stupid that sounded too late.
“Yeah.” He touched my face. “Please don’t be embarrassed. Not everyone knows that. They can relieve stress, pain, sometimes change your mood. I just wanna help. If I get off too, then cool.”
I felt the sincerity. “Maybe.”
He hugged me again. “Feel any better?”
“Kinda.” The tension had abated somewhat.
His hands ran down my body. “Ready to go say hi to Amy and Raj? They’re waiting on you.”
“Sure.” I let him pull me to Amy, Raj, Chad and Natalie. “Hi, guys.” I waved my free hand.
Amy hugged me right away. “How you doing?” She had been there for me on the nights that Paulie hadn’t stayed over. “You handled this great.” She had encouraged me often.
“Thanks.” I was grateful to them all for the strength they gave me when I had none. “It’s over now. I’m putting it behind me.”
She squeezed me. “Good for you.”
I pulled back and shook off the annoying feelings. “We ready yet?”
Phil came up behind Natalie. “Still gotta do sound checks, but I need something to drink first.” He walked away toward the bar.
Minutes later, we played our first song. As always, I let the music take me away from the rest of my life. I relaxed and glanced over at Paulie. He watched me with a smile. I grinned back to let him know I was fine. Overall, the gig went smoothly. The crowd was lively and responsive.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

When I stepped down, Amy jumped and hugged me again. “Wow, you guys are awesome!” She jumped again, which forced me to jump with her. “Wish I’d come sooner.”
Raj moved closer. “Yeah, it was a good show. Not my kind of music, but you play well.”
The compliment surprised me. “Thanks.”
“I’m staying at Raj’s tonight,” Amy informed me. “So you guys have the room to yourself.” She winked. “You guys need time alone.” Her lids lowered in a way that felt like she was coming onto me. “Fuck his brains out.”
I giggled and blushed. “Sometimes I wish I was like you.”
“I don’t.” Paulie hugged me from behind. “I like you just the way you are.”
Chad soon joined us, with Natalie in tow. “It’s getting late. School tomorrow.” Chad turned to Paulie. “Ready?”
“Yeah, long ass day.” Paulie had worked up until an hour before we were to go on. “As soon as we’re done unpacking, I’m takin’ her home.” He gave my ass a slight pinch.
I kept quiet as we filed outside. Amy and Raj said their goodbyes and left us to pack the van. When everything was in place, Natalie and I hopped in Chad’s van while the others piled into Andy’s SUV. All the way to Chad’s, I texted with Paulie.
Gonna make you scream again.
I blushed when I read that message. Then I replied:
Really?
Yeah. Biting your neck while I’m deep inside you. Tight pussy wrapped around my cock. Can’t wait.
My face heated up even more. We had sent dirty texts sometimes, but that day it made me wetter than ever. I closed my eyes and gripped my phone harder. The emptiness within me seemed pronounced. Sex with him was no longer painful. I craved the feel of him filling me so well.
I need you.
After I hit send, I realized how lame that was. I wished I were as good with naughty talk as he was.
You’re so sexy. Got me hard and ready.
I giggled then covered my mouth.
“He sending you dirty pictures?” Natalie whispered.
I bit my lip and looked out the window. “No.” I looked down when my phone vibrated again. There was a photo of his open pants. His erection peeked out. Obviously, it was taken in the car. My mouth dropped and my folds swelled. He really knew how to get me going.
Natalie snatched my phone. “Let me see.”
“No! No, don’t look at that.”
Her mouth dropped as she opened the last message. “Wow. OK. Really didn’t wanna see that.”
“See what?” Chad asked.
Natalie put my phone under her leg. “Nothing important. Funny picture but kinda nasty.”
“Of who?” Chad glanced at us for a second.
I thought quickly. “Some old guy. It was a joke.”
“Oh.” Chad didn’t say anything more until he pulled into the driveway. “If you and Paulie wanna go, it’s cool. I know he was on his feet all day.”
Grateful, I replied, “Thanks.” As soon as I jumped down to the ground, I came face to face with Paulie.
He took my face in his hands and kissed my lips, hard. “Gotta get you home.”
“Chad said we can take off if we want. He knows you worked all day.”
Paulie grinned and shouted to Chad, “Thanks, man. We’ll see you later.” He practically yanked me to his car. “We need to go.”
The trip to my dorm was quick, due to Paulie’s speeding. His cock looked like it wanted to tear a hole in his pants. I barely took my eyes off his crotch. The texts still affected me.
Once in my room, he tackled me to the bed. “Hope you’re horny. You got me goin’ outta my mind.” He pushed his shaft into the crotch of my tights.
I moaned as heat flooded my core. “I want you.”
He groaned loudly. “Fuck, you’re killing me, girl.” He got to his knees and undressed me as fast as possible. “Fucking clothes.”
My pants caught on my boots, and I stifled a laugh. He growled as he furiously untied them and tossed them and the rest of my clothes across the room. I could see only his silhouette in the moonlight that came in from the window, but he looked sexy as hell.
“Just the way I like you… naked.” He pulled off his t-shirt. “Hope you’re ready. My dick’s already leaking.”
I reached up and undid his belt and then his pants. When I lowered them and his boxers, I swiped my thumb over the tip to collect the pre-cum. I debated if I should taste it but couldn’t bring myself to do it. He watched me. Most likely, he hoped I would suck him off. Hesitantly, I licked at the tip, but I pulled back, afraid to do anymore.
“Forget that. I need your pussy.” He stood up and pulled a condom out of his pocket. After he set it on the bed next to me, he yanked his own clothes off. They went every which way. Then he climbed on top of me. “Time to make love to this beautiful body.” He turned to a sound in the hallway. “Maybe under the covers this time.”
I lifted up and tugged the sheet and blanket down under me. We both moved around so we could get under it. When Paulie had it up to his shoulders, he leaned down and kissed my neck. I grabbed his arm and used my other hand to play with his hair. His cock pressed into my folds, and I gasped. He slowly rubbed my clit with the head as we moaned together.
“So wish you could take birth control,” he mumbled. He ground into me harder. “You’re always so wet for me.” He gasped then retrieved the condom that had fallen to the floor.
By then I was desperate and aching for him. I heard him struggle to get the condom on.
“Shit, I bought the wrong ones.” He sucked a breath through his teeth, obviously in pain. “This is so fucking tight. Do you have any that’d fit me?”
My eyes opened wide. “No.”
“When’d you have your period last?”
“Um, last week.”
His eyes lit up. “So then you won’t ovulate until like next month or something. Right? Doesn’t that thing you have make it skip or something?”
“Most of the time.”
He laid on me and hugged me. “Please. This thing is killing me. Please.” He kissed my neck then brushed his lips over my ear. “I’ll pull out if you’re worried. Please.” He sounded as desperate as I was.
I was scared, but he was right. Never had I ovulated monthly, although there was always a chance. “What if I get pregnant?”
“I’ve done this before. I don’t think you will.” He looked into my eyes. “If you do, I’ll be here for you. Whatever you want.” His eyes pled with me. “Please?”
After I took a deep breath, I nodded. I couldn’t wait either.
When he tossed the condom on the floor, he sighed with relief. “I’ll pull out. I swear.” He leaned on his forearm at my head. “You sure?”
“Yes.” I lifted my legs and rested my feet on the back of his thighs. When he pressed into me, my eyes opened wide. It felt different. “Paulie.”
He raised his head. “Somethin’ wrong?”
“No. Kiss me.”
He leaned down and covered my mouth with his. Then he gasped into my mouth when he thrust into me further. I understood why. While I clung to him, my back arched as he withdrew and drove in deeper. A shudder came over me. It never felt so good.
“Oh God,” Paulie murmured in my ear as he kissed my neck. “You feel… ah, damn… so good.”
I moved my hips with him, which forced him deeper. “Get in,” I demanded.
He put pressure on my hips to make them hit the mattress. “Let me just feel you. Slow is better sometimes.” He gave me several languid strokes. Each made slight progress.
My hands moved over his skin. I explored and caressed him slowly. The feelings that flowed through me were not just sexual. It was not as it had ever been. I felt more connected to him. Emotion built with every second.
“Goddammit,” Paulie whispered when he thrust in fully. “So wish I could cum in you.” He buried his face in my hair and held me close. “Never wanna let go.”
Voices outside the door made me turn my head. “That sound like Chad?”
“Who cares?” He ground his hips against mine slowly. “Love how you hug my dick.”
The doorknob shook. Then the door opened slowly. With the all the lights off in the room, the brightness blinded me.
“The light’s off,” Chad said to someone. “They must have gone somewhere.”
Paulie pulled out and scurried under the blanket while he muttered, “Shit. Shit.”
“I’ll put her phone on her dresser.” Chad walked toward my side of the room. I cringed, unsure what to do. I saw him go for what looked like a lamp. “Don’t put the light on.”
Chad jumped back. “Damn it! You scared the shit outta me, baby. Didn’t know you started sleeping with the lights off.”
“Sometimes.” I tried to think of something to make him leave.
Natalie’s voice drifted into the room. “Be right back.”
I closed my eyes for a few seconds and hoped he followed her. No such luck. Paulie moved his hands up my body and suddenly grabbed my breasts. I kicked him, not sure what I connected with.
“Ow!”
Chad turned on the lamp. “What the fuck?” He came closer to the bed. Then he grabbed the blanket and yanked it down.
“Holy shit, Chad!” My eyes opened wide as he stared at my mostly exposed body. Paulie had my breasts covered and his torso was over my pelvis. “Get out!”
“No! Paulie, get your hands off her!” Chad was livid, face red, hands balled into fists. I was sure the only thing that kept him from grabbing Paulie was the fact that I was naked. “Get the fuck outta her room.”
Paulie turned to him. “No. She’s my girlfriend, and I don’t answer to you.” He held back his anger. “You get out. Your best friend is naked. Show her some fucking respect. You know I sure as hell do.” He snatched the blanket and covered us again. “Leave.”
Chad left without another word. Then he slammed the door.
While he seethed, Paulie held my shoulders tightly. “I can’t believe he fucking did that.”
“I’m shocked he left.” I craned my neck to see if he had put my phone down. It wasn’t on my dresser. That meant he could be back. I wanted Paulie to calm down. “Forget him. We’re still naked and need to cum.”
He gave me a sly grin and winked. “Love how you think.” He pressed his half-hard cock to my thigh. “If anyone else comes in, I ain’t stopping.” He rocked his hips as his cock swelled further.
I shivered and let the interruption go. “Kiss me again.”
“Yeah, that always works.” He kissed me hard. “Want you wetter than ever.” He groaned as his full erection slid over my body. Soon he rubbed it over my clit again.
My nails dug into his biceps. “Ah God, Paulie.” He pushed harder, and I softly cried out again. My whole body trembled with the release.
Suddenly he pulled his hips back and thrust into me without the use of his hands. “Fuck yeah.”
My eyes rolled back as a second orgasm washed over me. I felt like it had been pent up forever and was finally being released. My pelvis lifted, and my back arched. I couldn’t control my body.
“Shit. You needed that.” Paulie stilled his hips and held me as he waited. “I love how you cum. God you make me feel so… Crystal I…” He buried his face in my neck and mumbled something inaudible.
When I was able to focus again, I ran my fingers through his hair. “That was so fucking amazing.”
“Yeah.” Paulie lifted his head again. “I had enough slow. That OK with you?” I nodded and wrapped my legs around his back. He gave me a rough thrust. “That hurt?”
I clutched his arms again. “No. I’m fine.” I lifted my hips and ground into him. “Gimme all you got.”
“You asked for it.” He closed his eyes and kissed me just before he slammed his hips into me again.
My eyes opened wide as he started to fuck me harder than he ever had before. It wasn’t painful. When I got over the shock, the buildup started again. I whimpered into his mouth. I felt his cock sweep over my G-spot repeatedly. When it came to a head, I screamed. My entire body shook as waves of pleasure continually came, seemingly never-ending.
“Paulie!”
“Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.” He pulled out. “Ah.”
I felt his arm shake as my legs quivered. My eyes wouldn’t open as the waves continued. Then I heard Paulie sigh with relief.
The door flew open again. Chad shouted, “You’re outta the band. I ain’t putting up with this shit!”
Paulie growled, “’Cause I fucked her? You can’t do that.” He jumped off the bed. “You ain’t in charge you know. We all haveta agree.”
I snagged a blanket and hoped Chad didn’t get a glimpse of my body.
Chad growled. “Get some fucking clothes on!”
Natalie appeared in the doorway. “Oh, my God.” Then she yanked Chad into the corridor. “How could you go in there again?”
Chad struggled to get away from her, but she yanked him along.
Paulie threw on his pants and followed them. “What the fuck, Chad?”
I got up but pulled the blanket with me. Quickly, I got a shirt and pants on while tears fell. Then I raced into the hallway. No way would I let them kill each other. Paulie and Chad screamed at each other. Half the floor watched the argument.
“Stop it!” I cried out. Then Chad pulled an arm back to hit Paulie. “No! Chad, no! Don’t do this to me.”
Chad turned to me and froze. “Baby, I’m trying to protect you.”
“This is not protecting me,” I yelled. “This is trying to run my life.”
With a step toward me, Chad’s face fell. “I’m not. I don’t want you hurt.”
“But you are hurting me.” I sniffled. My tears came faster. “He’s not Keith or any of the others.” I looked up at him. “Chad, I love him.” My own words shocked me. Silence came over the entire floor.
Paulie turned to me, mouth open. “You do?” He looked so relieved. “I was so scared to say it again.” He framed my face with his hands. “I love you, too.”
Natalie sighed and put her arm through Chad’s. “See. It’s all good. You like him and you know it. Leave them alone.”
Chad exhaled loudly. “You really love her? You’re not fuckin’ with her head?”
“I’m serious.” Paulie pulled me into his arms. “I love her, Chad.” He kissed my lips. “I really do.”
With a groan, Chad backed up a step. “Fine, but I swear, if you do anything to hurt her…” He closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths. “Then all bets are off.”
I relaxed when Chad’s expression changed. “Promise, Chad?”
He nodded. “Yeah, I promise.” He turned to Natalie. “You mind if I kiss her goodbye?”
“Uh, I guess not.” Natalie looked at Paulie, who let me go.
Chad grabbed my hand and tugged me back into my room. “I’m sorry I’m such a dick sometimes.” He hugged me tight. “I know how guys think. Maybe he’s sincere. I hope so.” He kissed the top of my head. “I won’t bust in on you again. And I’ll try to trust him with you more.”
“Good.” I looked up.
He leaned down and kissed my lips. “I’ll talk to Natalie before I go nuts again, OK?”
“OK.” I smiled at him, glad we had made some progress.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

The next Saturday afternoon, I laid my mother’s birthday gift on my bed, on top of the sheet of wrapping paper. “Did you see where I put the tape?” I turned to Amy, who prepared for a date with Raj.
“I think you put it on the TV.” She pointed to my desk.
There it was. “Thanks.”
“Why’re you so nervous?” Amy pinned her hair up carefully.
After I picked up the tape, I chewed on my bottom lip. “My brothers are coming to the party. I’m kinda worried they’re gonna torture Paulie.”
“Oh, he’s gonna get the third degree, huh?”
I sighed. “If he’s lucky.” I had not let any of my boyfriends meet my brothers. It was bad enough for them to meet Josh and Will. It was a big step for us. “They’re gonna play twenty questions at least.”
“Don’t worry. Chad’ll keep them at bay.” She closed a drawer. “What’d you get your mom?”
I cut the paper to fit then looked over my shoulder. “A boxed set of The Beatles DVDs. She loves them. When I was a kid, it’s all she listened to.” I knew the words to many of their songs because of that.
“My grandma’s into them.” Amy laughed. A knock on the door made us both turn. “I got it. It’s probably Raj.” She checked her face one more time then opened the door. “Hey, Paulie. You’re early.”
He stepped into the room. “Yep, my shift was cut short. The bar was dead.” He crossed the room to me, eyebrows up. “Still in pajamas. I like.” He kissed my cheek and stood by as I wrapped the gift. “I hope she likes it.”
“She will. Thanks for getting it.” My face heated up. “I should get a part-time job.”
As soon as I had secured the final side of the wrapping paper, he tugged me to him and held me close. “No. You’d be exhausted. There’s not enough time in the week.” He ran a hand up and down my back. “Between me and Chad, we got you covered. Don’t worry.”
There was another knock on the door. Then Raj said, “Hey, baby. Ready to get down and dirty?”
I rolled my eyes. Raj was almost always crude and had a one-track mind. I wouldn’t have put up with it as long as Amy had.
“I’ll see you guys tomorrow,” Amy called to us just before she left.
I placed the wrapped box next to my purse. “I need to go take a shower.”
Paulie sat on my bed. “Can I watch?” He chuckled. “Or maybe join you?”
“Not at school.” I gathered my things.
“I’m kidding.” He sighed and let me know he had been serious. “Go do what you gotta do.” He grabbed the remote and turned on the television. “I’ll be right here.”
When I came back in a towel, he leered at me, dick in hand. “What’re you watching? Porn?” I glanced at the television. It wasn’t porn, but scantily clad women on a Spanish channel. “You speak Spanish?”
“No, but I like titties.” He winked. “How about you come help me with this?” He pointed to his erection. “Wanna ride me?”
I took a step back. “Um, new things make me nervous.”
“OK. That’s the last thing you need today.” He got to his feet and pushed his pants down a bit more. “I got an idea.”
I glanced at the door. It was locked so I relaxed. “What’re you thinking?”
“Close your eyes.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a condom. “Tossed those little ones out.” As he walked toward me, he tore it open and rolled it on. “I said close your eyes.”
I did as I was told and tried to relax. His footsteps came closer until I felt his breath on my face. My towel fell off. He groaned and grabbed my waist. Then I was off the floor. Fear came over me, and I strained not to react. He set me on a flat surface.
“Trust me, please.”
When I reached out for him, I found his shoulders and held on tight. “Is it gonna hurt?”
“No, just relax.” He spread my legs then pulled my thighs around his body. “Ready?”
I nodded and waited patiently. Then my mouth dropped when he slipped two fingers into me. He silently kissed my lips, face, jaw, neck and ear as he worked my pussy. I clung to him as pleasure begun. He lightly bit my earlobe, and I gasped. His fingers moved faster.
“Ah… God… Oh, shit. Shit!” My womb contracted. “God, Paulie.”
He snickered and twisted his fingers. “So easy… Don’t move.” He replaced his fingers with his cock and pushed in. “Fuck, love you.”
I smiled and opened my eyes. He didn’t say that often. “I love you, too.”
He grabbed my ass and gave me a deeper stroke. His head went back, so I leaned in and ran my tongue up his throat. A soft moan told me he liked it. I pulled him closer with my legs. My eyes opened wide when his hips hit mine. I had forced him all the way in which caused a bit of pain.
“You OK? Did that hurt?” Paulie palmed my face. “I’m sorry. You pulled me and I was lost in the feeling.”
I closed my eyes. “I’m fine. Just wanted to kiss your neck.” I looked up again.
He grinned. “Next time I’ll bend over.” He slowly shifted his hips side to side. “Fucking love this pussy.”
“Don’t say that in front of my brothers.”
With a groan, he looked down. “I’m gonna lose my hard-on.”
“Sorry.” I pulled him to me by his shoulders. “Now fuck me.”
He slid his lips over mine then to my ear. “That’s more like it.” He withdrew and thrust in hard. “Now kiss me.”
I dragged my bottom lip over his neck. Then I kissed up to his ear. I gasped when he drove into me again. As he backed out, I breathed in his ear then sucked on his lobe.
“Oh fuck, Crystal.” His fingers dug into my ass as he rammed into me again. “You’re gonna make me cum fast if you keep that up.”
That felt like a challenge. “Oh really?” I sucked harder.
“Y—e—s.” He took in a shaky breath before he growled.
Suddenly, he pounded me fast and hard. I held on tight and continued to suck his lobe. Deviously, I used my tongue to toy with his earring. He gasped and moaned while his rhythm intensified even more.
Although I was trying to drive him out of his mind, he had done the same to me. I tightened my grip on his shoulders and moaned. We both shuddered.
“Please. Stop,” he pled.
I did no such thing. Instead, I sucked even harder.
“Damn it!” He ground into me and cried out as his cock throbbed.
His reaction drew an orgasm from me as well. I threw my head back and cried out his name. I tensed within while his cock still pulsated.
“Oh yeah,” he whispered. “That feels good.” He moaned loudly as my body continued to react. His arms wrapped around me.
My hands shook. His pleasure had fueled mine. That had never happened to me before. His hand caressed my back and helped me deal with it. I was glad we were that connected, but it was a shock.
“You a’right?” He held me close and breathed close to my ear. “That was kinda… explosive.”
“Yeah.” I didn’t know what else to say.
It took a while for either of us to move. Paulie lifted his head. “I’m gonna pull out.” He stepped back.
I immediately missed his cock, feeling empty. My hands and legs slowly slid down until I sat on my desk, hands on my knees. I watched him remove the condom and toss it.
He glanced at me. “You need help getting down?”
I nodded, unsure if my limbs would work properly. He lifted me slowly then set me on the ground. I clawed at him as my legs went out. “Shit.”
“OK. Bed it is.” He lifted me and sat me on my bed. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to break you.” He winked. “I fucked you good, huh?”
With a grin, I replied, “Yeah. That was different.”
“Want me to get out your clothes?” He closed up his pants and stood in front of me.
With a shake of my head, I laid back. “In a minute. I need to go wash up again.”
He sat on Amy’s bed. “I better stay over here. Or I’m gonna fuck that wet pussy again.”
I closed my legs. “Sorry, just need to get it together first.”
“Take your time.” He also laid back.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Less than an hour later, we stood in front of Chad’s parent’s house. My father and Chad’s mother had organized a surprise 50th birthday party for my mother. My parents had gone to shop for a new car. The ruse was simple, a birthday dinner. My mother would be shocked by the amount of people that had been invited.
“So, Gavin has the dark hair and Cameron has the goatee?” Paulie squeezed my hand nervously. When I nodded, he cradled my hand in both of his and held it to his chest. “I’m so fuckin’ nervous.”
I smiled and tried not to laugh. “It’s gonna be fine.”
He took a deep breath. “Better get it over with.” He tugged me to the stairs then into the house. “Oh, God. I hope Chad hasn’t told them anything.”
I looked around and found Gavin, Will, Chad, Natalie, and Cameron in the kitchen laughing. “I doubt he did. He promised Natalie he would let us be happy.” As I hoped for the best, I led him to the kitchen.
The house was not packed, but it was most definitely a party. Seventies music played on the stereo. Football was on a large television in the living room, the volume on low. People milled about as they talked, drank and ate finger foods. Josh was in the dining room, playing bartender.
Along the way, I introduced Paulie to my parents’ friends, some of Chad’s family and my grandparents. My grandmother stood to hug Paulie with the help of her cane. Then my mouth dropped when she pinched his ass. His eyes opened wide. I almost laughed. Obviously, I was more like her than I knew.
“I love you, Grandma,” I told her when I hugged her. “Mom’ll be here soon.”
She laid a frail hand on my face. “I like him. Nice boy… like Chad.”
With a smile, I helped her sit and leaned over to my grandfather. “Love you, Grandpa. Do you need anything?”
He shook his head. “No. Go have fun.” He patted my hand.
Paulie sighed with relief when we stepped back. Then he whispered, “Um, Grandma’s a bit feisty.”
“Maybe she could tell you’re talented.” I winked at him.
He put an arm around my shoulders and pulled me into an embrace. “Don’t start talking about sex now.” He said quietly in my ear. “Or I’ll find us a dark corner and tear off those lacy panties you got on.”
I looked down at my semi-conservative top and skirt. “Then my brothers would definitely have something to say to you.”
He kissed my forehead, most likely afraid to go close to my lips. “True. So I’ll have to make sure they don’t find out.”
“Crystal, Paulie,” Natalie called to us.
I turned. My brothers looked Paulie over. “Time to face them.” When his arms fell, I grabbed his hand and made a beeline for the group. “Gavin, Cameron, this is Paulie.”
Gavin put out a hand. “Hey. Nice to meet you.” He watched Paulie as they shook hands, seemingly waiting for him to do something inappropriate. “What d’ ya do for a living?”
Great, twenty questions. I started to protest, but Paulie answered before I could.
“I’m a bartender.” Paulie smiled.
Cameron stepped forward. “How old are you?”
“Um, 21.” Paulie swallowed hard while his palm became sweaty.
Both of my brothers glanced from me to Paulie again. I dropped his hand and put an arm around his waist. “It’s only three years. Chill out.”
After a few tense minutes, Chad spoke up, “Guys, he’s cool. He treats her good.” He stood next to Paulie and put a hand on his shoulder. “If I like ’em, you know he’s not a bad guy.” The tension eased immediately. “He’s an amazing guitar player, too.”
“Wait.” Gavin’s eyes narrowed. “You’re in the band, too?”
Paulie grinned. “Yeah, that’s kinda why Crystal moved to bass.”
“That could be bad if you guys break up,” Cameron commented. He always brought up the bad side of things. “What happens to the band then?”
I exhaled loudly. “That’s our problem. Don’t worry about it.” I leaned my head on Paulie’s shoulder. “How about we let that go and be friendly… OK?”
“Fine.” Cameron offered his hand. “Nice to meet you Paulie.” He looked around. We were the only ones in the kitchen at the moment. “You fuckin’ my baby sister?”
Paulie turned white as a ghost and shivered. “Uh…” He looked to me, obviously not sure what to say. Cameron glared as he waited for an answer. When I hugged him, he stuttered a response, “I—I wouldn’t call it that.”
“What would you call it?” Cameron asked, eyes fixed on my boyfriend.
Paulie swallowed and looked to me. “Loving her.”
“Hmmm…” Cameron glanced at Gavin who cocked an eyebrow.
Natalie cleared her throat. “It’s almost six. You don’t want to be arguing when Mrs. Atkinson gets here.”
Chad picked up her hand. “That’s my girl. She’s right.”
Seconds later, my phone went off. I pulled it from my purse and found a text from my dad.
Just parked in the driveway.
“They’re outside,” I shouted.
Immediately, the house quieted. Then the doorbell rang. Chad’s mother, Valerie, who had been upstairs, came down. “I’ll get it.” That had been the plan, since the stairs could be seen from the front door window, but not much else. A door opened.
“You made it. Great!”
“What are we having for dinner?” my mom asked. Then she walked into the living room, and her mouth dropped.
The entire house yelled, “Surprise!”
Her hand went over her mouth. “You planned this?” She turned to my father.
“I had help,” he admitted.
After I had pulled away from Paulie, I hurried to my mom. “Happy birthday!”
She hugged me. “Thank you.” She gasped then let me go. “My boys are here?”
“Yes.” Gavin smiled as he walked toward her. Cameron trailed him.
Then my grandma said, “We are, too.”
I turned to see Chad and Paulie help my grandparents make their way toward us. “Everyone came.”
My mother was in tears. “Mama?” She closed the distance and took her mother in her arms. “Missed you, Mama.” I was glad my brothers had chipped in to bring them to New Jersey.
Chad’s father, Luke, came in from the deck in the back. “Dinner’s on!”
From there, most of the party filtered outside. No one mentioned Cameron’s invasive question. Paulie seemed relaxed again. He held my hand throughout most of dinner and talked easily with my family and the other guests. Even he and Chad got along. It turned out to be a good night.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

When the last guest had left, and I had helped clean up much of the house, Chad’s mom came to me. “You guys can go. I got the rest.” She hugged me then Paulie. “This was a great idea.”
I walked to the kitchen where my mother sat with my grandma and Grandma Joan. “Mom, we’re gonna go.”
My mother stood. Then she held me tight and kissed my cheek. “Thank you. This was wonderful.” She pulled back and smiled. “You too, Paulie.”
I turned to see him behind me.
“Glad I could come. Happy birthday again.” He moved around me and offered her a hug.
She stepped to him and threw her arms around him. “Be good to my baby.”
“Always,” he promised.
We walked around the table, to give hugs and kisses. Then we did the same to the stragglers scattered around the house. My brothers were next door, to settle into their rooms for the next few days. They’d taken time off to spend with our mom and grandparents. Paulie and I planned to return the next day for a family outing.
Chad and Natalie walked outside with us. I held Paulie’s hand tightly. He was still overwhelmed by the whole thing. We all walked to the driveway then stopped.
“You did good,” Chad said as he looked at Paulie. “I like how you answered Cameron about fuckin’ her. He asked Josh and Will about you before you showed. Good thing they don’t know you too well.” He smirked. “Just kidding.”
Paulie let my hand go and draped an arm over my shoulders. “I was scared shitless. Thanks for coming to my rescue, Nat. I thought Cameron was gonna kill me.”
“He was testing you, to see if you’d lie.” I laid my head on his chest. “Once you actually answered the question, I think he was a bit impressed.”
Chad nodded. “He told Josh and Will to lay off, so he was.”
Natalie stepped forward and embraced Paulie. “So glad it worked out like this. Having you around all the time is great.” She looked back at Chad. “Who woulda thought we’d be dating best friends?”
Paulie rubbed her back. “I know I didn’t, but I’m glad we are.” His gaze moved to Chad. “Don’t forget you promised to be good to her.”
Chad grinned. “You know I will. I’m not like other guys.”
“True.” I watched Chad, glad he was happy. “You two are good for each other.”
After he had taken a deep breath, Chad replied, “So are you two.” He walked toward us and hugged me. “Still gonna keep my eye on him, but glad he makes you happy.”
“Thanks, Chad.”
Natalie put her arm around Chad’s back, which made it a group hug. None of it would have happened if Jay hadn’t have left the band, or if Paulie hadn’t moved to New Jersey.
Everything happens for a reason they say. That was just the beginning of our story, though. I wonder what the rest of life has in it for us.

EPILOGUE

Paulie woke up with a start a few weeks later. He sat on the bed and panted as the nightmare about Ellie faded. She had shown up at his place while he was fucking Crystal.
Then she called him a cheater. He could never do that to her, or to Crystal. Flashes of the dream went by again. He shook his head to force them away.
He searched the bed for Crystal, but she wasn’t there. He fell back and exhaled loudly. The night before they’d decided she should stay at her dorm and him at home. Both of them had to be up early.
Charlie’s had inventory scheduled for 9 am. He checked his phone. It was only 6 am. He debated if he should call her.
She had been beyond supportive when he had dreams that freaked him out. That one wasn’t as bad as some. However, it made his mind go places he didn’t want it to.
A few days prior, he had heard Chad whisper to Crystal that he loved her. She didn’t act as if it were something new. Obviously, she had heard it before. He hoped Chad wasn’t in love with her.
After a few seconds of thought, he sighed. He has to be. Chad’s extreme reactions finally made sense. Anger started to build. Then why the hell’s he with my cousin? Because she doesn’t love him back. That realization gave him some relief.
He thought back to all the times Chad had overreacted. Each one Crystal had either rolled her eyes or intervened. She expected it.
After a deep breath, he got comfortable again and closed his eyes. When he couldn’t sleep, sometimes he played his guitar. However, he was too tired to get up. He focused on thoughts of Crystal, in the hopes that they would give him some comfort. The images transformed from memories to fantasy.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“You sure?” Paulie pressed his body against Crystal’s from behind and groaned. The water from the showerhead fell over his back as she nodded. “Slow and easy, promise.”
He glanced over her shoulder and grinned. She had agreed to shower sex. It was something he hadn’t proposed because of her aversion to new things. With an arm around her waist, he pulled her ass back. Then he bit his bottom lip while he lined his cock up.
With a slight jerk of his hips, he sank into her. Warmth surrounded his shaft. She squirmed a bit which made him moan. Hands on her waist, he pulled back and thrust in fully.
“Just perfect.”
Suddenly, everything changed. He was in the living room. A scan of the room told him he was alone. It made no sense.
Slowly, he opened his bedroom door. His mouth dropped. Chad was on the bed, with Crystal under him.
He stared as Chad fucked her relentlessly. Unable to move, he watched as he made her scream. Then she looked into Chad’s eyes and uttered the dreaded words…

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Paulie jumped and woke himself up. “Oh shit!” He was covered in sweat. “What the fuck’s wrong with me?” He scrambled off the bed and shuddered. “Let it go, dammit!”
He hated that he was a bit insecure sometimes. A check of his phone told him that his alarm would go off soon. He shook his head as he headed to the kitchen to make coffee.
The smell as it brewed helped him leave the crazy dreams behind. All that was left was slight jealousy. He saw something between Chad and Crystal once in a while. It was more than the weird connection they had. He swore he had seen desire in her eyes. It was possible paranoia made him imagine it.
Before Ellie, he had dated a girl who cheated on him. The result was doubt. He doubted himself and any woman he met. It didn’t help that Ellie lied to him about her eating disorder.
That was why he understood Crystal comparing him to her ex, Keith, once in a while. She had been jilted just as badly. He just wished she would leave it behind already. As far as he knew, he didn’t allow his jealousy of Chad to affect his relationship with Crystal. She would likely call him out on it if he did.
As soon as he finished his coffee, he went back to the bedroom to check his phone. With a wide grin, he opened the text app. There was a message from Crystal.
Hey, sleepyhead. Woke up and thought of you. Wish I was there.
Paulie sighed. She always texted him when she woke up if they weren’t together. It was one of the little things that helped him through his day. With a grin still plastered to his face, he replied.
I wish, too. Dreamed about you. As of tomorrow, I have you for three nights.
He couldn’t wait for their three-day weekend together. Although the band had a gig each night, they had the rest of the time to themselves. They needed it.
Since Mrs. Atkinson’s birthday party, they had only a few nights each week alone. He wanted her to move in, but that was even more complicated that he had realized. Since she was in school, it would mean he would play chauffer daily. They decided to wait until she finished school.
Double dates with Natalie and Chad were plentiful. He had started to worry Natalie would pull one of her stunts. She had never gotten over the night she caught her father cheating on her mother.
Even though her parents had gotten back together, she couldn’t forgive him. It was something he couldn’t tell Crystal.
After a shower and a quick bite to eat, he was dressed and on his way to work. The day was long. Inventory was the worst part of working at Charlie’s. He usually did it alone, and that day was no different.
The first time he had been given the task, he was terrified. He had never been good at school and worried he would fuck it up. After the bookkeeper had checked his findings and agreed with them, he was relieved.
Just after Paulie had unlocked the front door, so customers could enter, in walked Andy. “Hey, man. What’s up?”
Andy smiled. “Just wanted to hang out.” He took a seat at the main bar. “Can I have a Heineken?” He set a $10 bill on the counter.
“Sure.” Paulie pulled out a bottle and popped the cap. “Shouldn’t you be in school?”
With a laugh, Andy replied, “Yeah, playing hooky today.”
“Wish Crystal could.” Paulie knew it was a moot point, though. If she had stayed home, he would still be there all day. “Maybe she can take off Monday.”
Andy lifted his bottle. “Fuckfest.”
As he shook his head, Paulie rolled his eyes. “You’re crazy.” He and Andy got along quite well. “I’ll see what she thinks about it.” He loved the idea.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Paulie found himself at Crystal’s door. Exhausted from a long day at work, he had driven there on autopilot. With a shrug, he knocked. The door opened, and Crystal appeared. “Hey.”
She launched herself at him and hugged him tight. “I missed you.” Her day had been overly stressful, and she didn’t expect to see him until the next day. “So glad you found time to come here.”
“Needed to see you,” he muttered in her ear.
The dreams still had him a bit rattled. Her reaction to him eased his jealousy, though. He cradled her head and breathed in her light perfume. A glance into the room told him they couldn’t be alone in her room.
“Let’s go get coffee—well, or something.”
She pulled back slightly. “It’s late. I got class tomorrow.” She wanted him to hang out there. Then she heard Amy’s voice and understood. “Right. I can pack a bag and go home with you. Unless you’re too tired to drive me to school tomorrow.”
“Sounds perfect.” He grinned then kissed her lips. “You in my arms is exactly what I need.”

SNEAK PEEKS

TRAGIC SOUL
Second prequel to Triple Threat (book 2)

The Saturday after Christmas, I woke up alone in Paulie Capacette’s bed. We had been together for four months. So far, things had gone well. I turned over and looked around the room. He was nowhere to be seen.
“Paulie?” I fell back on the pillow.
His voice came from beyond the closed bedroom door. “Be right there, Crystal.” Seconds later, he appeared. “Sorry. I let you sleep. You feeling OK? When I got up, you barely moved.”
I stretched. “Think so. A little achy maybe.”
“Was I too rough last night?” He sat on the bed next to me and laid a hand on my thigh.
As I shook my head, I replied, “No. I mean my muscles.” My eyes closed, and I groaned. “Not now.”
“Now what?” Paulie laid down next to me and pulled me into his arms. “You work out too hard yesterday or something?”
We had not seen each other the last five days. He had spent that time in Long Island with his family. Natalie, who was his cousin and my friend, had gone with him. They’d come back the night before. He had picked me up just before he had headed home.
As soon as the apartment door had been locked the past night, his lips were on mine. He hadn’t let go until he had led me to the bedroom. Then he feverishly yanked my jeans and panties down.
Seconds later, I was on my back, with my legs in the air. Slightly confused, I gripped the blanket. Then my back arched when he thrust into me fully in one stroke. I cried out multiple times while he plunged into me repeatedly with wild abandon.
There was no time to think. By the time he was done, my body had given out. I had passed out before he set my legs down.
“Hey.” He squeezed me. “What is it?”
I let the images of the night before go and sighed. “I think my period’s gonna start.”
“Last time it wasn’t bad at all.” He kissed my temple.
Since he had only seen one cycle, and it was a mild one, I grimaced. “Sometimes it gets pretty bad.” I didn’t want to be graphic but thought he needed to know. “If it starts, I may wanna go home.”
With a concerned tone, he asked, “Do you wanna stay here today?”
“No. My parents are expecting us.” It was a family tradition to have extended family over the weekend after Christmas. Many would travel quite far. “I’ll let you know if it gets bad.”
He nuzzled my neck. “Will it be worse since you haven’t had a period in like three months?” His hand lazily caressed my arm.
I sighed. “Doubt it. That’s not how it usually works.” I didn’t want the day ruined, but I had no control. With my gynecological issues, there was no way to know what it would be like.
“I’ll be by your side if it’s bad. Promise.” He pulled back and let me fall onto my back. Then he climbed on top of me. “Love you.” He pressed his lips to mine. “Let’s go make breakfast.”
I smiled and looked into his eyes. “I love you, too. Good idea.” I sighed. “Guess I haveta get up.”
“Yep.” Paulie got to his knees and tugged me to sit up. “Eggs or eggs?”
I rolled my eyes. “How can I choose?”

ROCKIN’ RHYTHM
Velocity book 1

Ash Taylor looked down at the chick on her knees before him. He had already forgotten her name. They had met a few days prior at a bar. She hadn’t realized who he was right away. Then of course, she had sobered up a bit and went nuts. He just wanted to get laid. His conscience wouldn’t allow him to fuck her while she was inebriated. He got her number and said he would call. That was one promise he regretted.
“Are you a virgin?” He was sure of the answer, but that would explain a lot.
She shook her head. “No. Why?”
“Never mind.” He groaned when she moved in the opposite direction that he did. Wow! Can this get any worse? “Did you cum yet?” There was no way he could tell. Her nod assured him that it didn’t suck for her at least.
He pulled back and slammed into her as deep as he could. Nothing. Not a sound, no movement. This is like fucking a dead fish. What’s the point of this? He closed his eyes and tried to imagine she was his last girlfriend. That woman knew how to please a man. She had no limits and was wild as hell in bed. He didn’t want her drama but wished he could find someone like her. So far, it seemed impossible.
With thoughts of a more aggressive woman, his body finally felt pleasure. Unfortunately, it dissolved immediately. He pumped harder. An idea came to mind, then was quickly dismissed. She probably won’t like anal anyway. Why bother? He started to grasp at straws. Fuck this.
He pulled out and lay down next to her. “Blow me. Do a good job, and I’ll call again.” His number was blocked so he didn’t need to worry about her bothering him. “Leave the condom on.” Eyes closed, he felt the bed move then it dipped between his open legs.
“Why do we need the condom now?” She was reluctant.
He sighed. “Because I said so.” He always played it safe.
“Can I put a new one on you?”
With a sigh, Ash got to his feet and grabbed his jeans. He always carried several. The trailer they were in was only for sex. Since they were abundant in his area, he thought it was more convenient than driving to the next town every time he had a hook up. It also allowed him the privacy and anonymity he needed.
He looked up and saw the frown on the blonde’s face. Then another idea came to him. The dresser across the room held many supplies, one of which was a box of flavored condoms. “I have strawberry. That should taste better.”
“OK.” She hoped it did.
After he was comfortable, Ash closed his eyes and put his hands behind his head. “Now get sucking. I need to cum.” She closed her mouth over the head of his cock. He waited a while before she took him a bit deeper. “Harder. I can barely feel your mouth.” It took a few more minutes for her to get a good rhythm going. “Wait. Just stay still, right there.” He pumped his hips up a few times and watched her fake breasts jiggle slightly. “Much better.”

ABOUT THE AUTHOR



Bella Jeanisse lives for rock music. Addicted to concerts, Avenged Sevenfold, fictional rockers, and blasting music in the car, she can’t get enough. After her father turned her on to Queen, there was no going back. Of course, it didn’t stop there. Playing guitar became a pastime, which didn’t turn into a career… until she started to pen her fantasies and publish them.

Originally from Brooklyn, New York City, she grew up with access to clubs like L’Amour and CBGBs, hung out in Greenwich Village, as well as had plenty of friends in bands. No wonder rockers stayed on her mind. Bringing her ideas to life was a long time coming.

She is now living near Tampa, FL with 3 kids and 2 grandkids, as a single mom. Her family supports her writing even when it seems to take up more time than they feel is necessary. Can’t stop the muse, ya know!

Besides erotic rock star romances, Bella also writes about wild bikers, hot college men and more.

CONNECT WITH ME

Facebook profile: https://www.facebook.com/bella.jeanisse
Facebook author page: https://www.facebook.com/Bella.Jeanisse.Books
Facebook fan group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/866525666714069/
Facebook street team: https://www.facebook.com/groups/339160419575295/
Wattpad: http://www.wattpad.com/user/BellaJeanisse
Twitter: https://twitter.com/BellaJeanisse
Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6449103.Bella_Jeanisse
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/BellaJeanisse
Website: http://bellajeanisse.com/
