
Reckless Nights in Rome
Though the name of her celebration and wedding cake business is up in lights, Bronte Ludlow doesn't care for the trappings of success. All that matters to her is her company, her independence and her heritage, The Dower House. Home to her ancestors since the seventeenth century, no way will she part with it to 'a man with too much money and no soul'.
Nico Ferranti's only passions are money and power... he's a man who stopped believing in romance long ago and Bronte's a romantic, yet the attraction sparking between them like fireworks over the Piazza del Popolo stuns Nico.
When Bronte's brother is badly hurt in a car accident in Rome, Nico whisks Bronte to the Eternal City. He wants her and he wants The Dower House and Nico Ferranti always gets what he wants.
But Bronte's heart has already been broken by one ruthless charmer and although tempted she isn't about to give up either her heart or her home to the charismatic Italian without a fight!




Reckless Nights in Rome

Copyright © C C MacKenzie 2012
Published by More Press at Smashwords
ISBN: 9781909331006
The right of C C MacKenzie to be
identified as the author of this
work has been asserted by her
under the Copyright Amendment
(Morals Rights) Act 2000
 This work is copyright.
Apart from any use as permitted under
the Copyright Act 1968, no part
maybe reproduced, copied, scanned,
stored in a retrieval system,
recorded or transmitted,
in any form or by any means,
without the prior permission
of the publisher.
 
This book is a work of fiction.
Names, characters, places and
incidents are either a product of
the author's imagination or are
used fictitiously. Any
resemblance to actual people
living or dead, events or locales is
entirely coincidental.


 
About the Author
C C MacKenzie is a wife, and mother of three, based in South Cheshire, U.K.
Since childhood, she dreamt of writing stories that readers would fall in love with, but put those dreams on hold to focus on her family and her careers in banking, fitness, interior design and construction. Reckless Nights in Rome is her first novel, followed by 'A Stormy  Spring' in July 2012, Run Rosie Run in December 2012 and The trouble with Coco Monroe in May 2013. 
C C MacKenzie is currently finishing more Contemporary Romances for release in 2013 and 2014. 
The author has published two books in a paranormal set series, The Vampyre Legal Chronicles. Big Trouble in China was released in October 2012 and Dirty Little Secrets in January 2013.

Contact the Author:

Twitter:  https://twitter.com/CCMacKenzie1
Web / Blog:  http://ccmackenzie.com/
Facebook Author Page:  http://www.facebook.com/CCMzie
Email:  mailto:ccmackenzie56@gmail.com


Chapter One
Nico Ferranti played to win.
Winning was in his blood. Along with a certain raw intelligence that had served him well in the backstreets of Rome.
The scent he inhaled now might be the heady aroma of Bentley leather, but he never forgot the stink of human garbage or the unique burn of an empty belly.
He was a bastard. His maternal grandfather might have rescued him from one hell, but his hatred of his late daughter's illegitimate son had thrust the young Nico into another type of hell. One of cold disdain, a lack of affection and a certain controlled bullying that should have destroyed him. It had only made him harder and stronger.
Illiterate at ten, with both hands he'd grabbed the opportunity of a Jesuit education. By the time he was sixteen he'd gained straight A's in every subject and was fluent in four languages.
Although he hadn't exactly danced on his grandfather's grave when he turned twenty-two, he'd shed no tears. And even found it in his heart to be grateful when the old bastard left him the legacy of four hotels.
Now, twelve years later, he was seriously wealthy. Not that he saw wealth as an achievement, but with real money went responsibilities and many pitfalls for the unwary.
Tonight his Bentley growled to a halt in the car park of Ludlow Hall. A gust of wind slapped the car, splattering sleet onto the windscreen. Switching off the headlights, Nico relaxed for the first time in three days as he sat back and studied the building.
January in England did nothing to dull the pleasure of his latest love and she was a beauty. Built in the seventeenth century for a trade Baron, Ludlow Hall with its one hundred and forty rooms, was built along the graceful lines of a bygone era and looked magnificent. The contractors had done an outstanding job bringing the renovations in early and more importantly, on budget.
Nico wanted his guests relaxed and happy. The watchwords in his business were quality and class and Ludlow Hall oozed both along with an old world charm. But what underpinned the whole was sheer luxury. The food and service were outstanding in a Ferranti hotel. The rooms ran from luxurious to sumptuous. The hotel was set in fifteen hundred acres of fabulous countryside and he catered for everyone including intimate romantic breaks, clay pigeon shooting and fishing.
But the spa was at the heart of it.
The great and the good loved to escape from the City to indulge themselves and their latest passions. They could come for a day to be pampered, oiled and treated. Or spend a week detoxing from indulgence or experience mind and body balance for burnout. A Ferranti Hotel & Spa catered for all.
Nico rubbed gritty eyes. He'd been travelling for thirty hours straight. His brain needed to crash and his stomach craved sustenance. With a yawn, he decided to do both, after he bid a quick hello to Alexander Ludlow.
Nico's tired brain segued to one of the main reasons for his visit.
Alexander's parents, Lord and Lady Ludlow had been killed in a head-on collision with a drunk driver. Two years later, the tragedy still shook the neighbourhood and the family.
And Alexander was suffering. He'd thrown himself into work to cope with his loss. Nico could understand it even if he'd never had a family himself. The Ludlow family had been a close-knit unit comprised of their late parents, Alexander and his sister Bronte. But recently, something had happened to blow the sibling's relationship apart.
It wasn't bereavement or the sale of Ludlow Hall that caused the rift, Nico was sure of it. Although he knew the sale had stirred up a goddamn hornet's nest, Bronte in particular had taken it hard and refused to have anything to do with the renovations. She'd de-camped to The Dower House.
None of it was Nico's business, but he was worried, his friend appeared too close to burnout.
It had taken time, but he'd managed to cajole Alexander to do a spot inspection of three hotels, saying he had concerns about the management, which wasn't quite true. All of his hotels ran like clockwork. But Nico wasn't above using underhand methods to get his own way and to ensure Alexander took a break. The deal was that Nico would run Ludlow Hall in his absence and he was looking forward to it, as he rarely got the chance to get his hands dirty these days.
He'd arrived a day earlier than expected to attend the first society wedding to be held at the Hall tomorrow. Due to the high public profile of the couple, the press were out in force.
Meanwhile his mind segued to his next challenge, The Dower House and the elusive Bronte Ludlow who occupied far too much of his mind these days.
His offer for The Dower House and its eighteen acres of land had been more than generous. The purchase would complete the estate. However, things were not going according to plan.
Bronte wasn't having any of it.
Her initial rejection of his offer was a one word reply. No. Three subsequent offers, she'd returned to sender.
He'd managed to speak to her by phone, once. The conversation, her part of it anyway, had been short, sharp and to the point. And, he gripped the steering wheel, she'd been obnoxious.
She wasn't interested in selling her home to a man who had far too much money for his own good and no soul. She was, she said, perfectly content with living in a house built on land her family had lived on for generations. The Dower House was her home, was it not? Why didn't he bugger off and find something else to do with his time and money instead of harassing her?
Impudent little witch. The unfairness of it still stung since Alexander had approached Nico in the first instance to buy the Hall.
He was offering to help her start again. Nico knew she needed the money since her parents left their children nothing but debts. He should leave her to stew in her own juice. But he wanted The Dower House and since Nico Ferranti always got what he wanted, that was the end of the matter.
Fingers tapping the steering wheel, he frowned. Maybe Alexander could help him?
No, he decided, the man had enough on his plate and he didn't want to cause more trouble between brother and sister.
Bronte would sell. Once he'd found the right button to push. In his experience that button with women, usually, was money. By her behaviour, Nico decided Ms Bronte Ludlow was a piece of work.
A movement on the ground floor caught his eye. The window to the ladies' restroom swung open. He flicked a switch, the passenger window slid down a couple of inches as he narrowed his eyes.
A girl with an ash-blonde ponytail tossed what looked like a jacket out of a window followed by a red handbag the size of a small town. Her toned body, dressed in black, squeezed out of the narrow opening after it. A foot stretched down searching for toe hold. It found a drain pipe and she eased cautiously over the ledge. Her heel caught in the window ledge, leaving her at a dangerous angle.
Nico shook his head in disbelief. Was she a thief? He looked around at the expensive parked cars and pursed his lips.
Back in the days when he'd been a street rat, he'd slipped out of plenty of windows of less reputable establishments.
The girl had a lean, boyish figure. Nico permitted his gaze to linger on the taut little bottom, those endless legs. And he put the tightness in his thighs down to the fact it had been a while since he'd been with a woman. She was slick; he'd give her that, and probably a pro. He checked his watch. It was just after nine thirty. Yes, she'd timed it well. Most guests were in the bars or restaurants.
Exhaustion warred with irritation as he opened the door, got out, closed the car door with a soft click and stepped forward.
Bronte shrieked.
Large hands gripped her, lifting her as if she weighed nothing and dumped her unceremoniously on her feet. Panic hitched her breath. Her hands fisted, ready to fight. Then the scent of an evocative cologne spun around her heightened senses and she realised it wasn't her disastrous blind date who had a firm grip on her waist.
She turned, staggered and found herself pulled against a brick wall in a shirt.
"Thank you," she gasped her voice breathy with relief. A fall from that height wouldn't have been pretty.
Trembling with cold and reaction, she blinked up to a tall man with tremendous shoulders. Since the lights of the car park were behind him, she couldn't get a good look at his face.
She gave a tug on her arm. "You can let me go now."
"I do not think so." The deep voice was silky, tinged with a hard edge of suspicion. His hand felt too hot through her sweater.
For reasons Bronte didn't immediately understand, the knots in her belly wound tighter. He thought she was a thief? The idea made her peer up into his shadowed features and give another tug of her arm. Comprehension dawned that he had absolutely no intention of releasing her.
Nerves fluttered madly in her stomach making her frown up at him.
"This is not what you think it is."
She caught a flash of white teeth and it wasn't a smile.
He picked up her jacket and the bag. "No? What is this?"
"A Mulberry Piccadilly," she said, peering into the shadowed face. No sign of the teeth or of a sense of humour either.
"Expensive and on the large side. You could fit a small car in it. Plenty of space for purloined items." His tone was ice over steel.
Bronte spluttered on a laugh. "Nobody uses the word purloined these days. Why don't you just say what you mean? You think I'm a thief." The idea was so ridiculous she laughed and once she started she couldn't stop. The result, she knew, of too much stress and the deep mortification of being caught running away from a drunken bully.
Bent from the waist, she tried to catch her breath, her eyes streaming.
"I fail to see the humour in the situation." He sounded seriously annoyed now, which set her off again. "Why use the window when there is a perfectly good door?" He gave her arm a little shake. And she realised his deep voice held the hint of a foreign accent.
Incredibly, an illicit little thrill slid up her spine. Bronte wiped her cheeks and took a couple of deep breaths. With big eyes she stared up into his face and deliberately pumped up the volume of her smile. She heard his breath catch. Yep, it worked every time.
Feeling more confident even though her breath was unsteady, she poured charm into her voice. "It's a long story. And terribly embarrassing to be honest."
His grip on her arm tightened. "Let us go in where it is warm. You can tell me all about it."
He turned and her heart took a stumble as she got her first good look at his face.
Wow. Bronte had seen plenty of good looking men in her life. But she'd never seen anyone who looked like this. Black hair with an expensive sheen was swept back from a strong, glorious face. Eyes, dark and broody, considered her with a mix of annoyance and curiosity. And that amazing face wore a do-not-mess-with-me expression. She couldn't tear her eyes from his hard mouth with that terribly sensual lower lip. Hormones, long dormant, flared triumphantly into life.
Mouth dry, her smile slipped as Mr Hunk helped her on with her jacket.
"Thank you, there's no need for ... Hey!" He tucked her bag under his arm. And she flinched as he held her bruised wrist in a grip that was too tight.
Earlier in the evening another's touch had repulsed her. But this man's fingers on her skin appeared to have the opposite effect. She had no idea what cologne he wore, but he smelt fabulous; all peppery, citrusy, fresh and healthy male.
"I insist." His voice was cool now, the tone hard.
Bronte's feet picked up the beat of her speeding heart as she struggled to keep up with his long stride. Oh God, her brother was going to go absolutely mental.
"You're making a big mistake." Her voice, too high now, mortified her.
He merely threw her a look that assured her he was a man who never made mistakes.
They entered a side entrance to the hotel to the scent of hot food, the hum of voices and soft music. The place was full she realised; grateful no one appeared to notice this little scene.
Bronte managed to take a good long look at him. His black cashmere coat, charcoal suit and white shirt were expensive as was the silk tie which she happened to know was Armani. He had the slashing bone structure and the skin tone of a Latin. That fact along with his accent made her heart thunder in her ears.
Surely not?
It couldn't be, could it?
He knocked on a door with the sign 'Alexander Ludlow, General Manager.'
To Bronte's eternal shame, she whimpered.
He gave her a hard look, opened the door and thrust her in before him.
 


Chapter Two
Bronte's brother glanced up from his desk and stood.
He beamed a smile, and his sharp green eyes widened as he noted the grip on her wrist.
"Nico, how are you? Good trip?" He stepped forward and shook Nico's hand.
Her luck, Bronte decided as her throat went bone dry, was running bad tonight.
Nico, she thought, good God.
Since her brother had brought his business partner into their lives, she hadn't had a decent night's sleep. She'd managed to avoid the man when he'd done one of his flashy helicopter visits. Nico Ferranti had torn the heart out of her home. By some miracle the local planning authority were eating out of his hand. He'd brought in specialists in listed buildings. Legions of construction workers, architects and interior designers had descended on her home like locusts. These days, it looked like a plush decadent hideaway for the uber rich.
She'd refused point blank to have anything to do with the renovations. Her brother seemed to view the man as some kind of hero. She saw Nico Ferranti as a smooth operator with his eye on the main chance. She simply couldn't bear watching the destruction, and moved to The Dower House.
Now he was determined to have The Dower house too. He'd phoned her once. And as soon as he'd given her his name, she'd let him have an earful.
Alexander turned to her and folded his arms. "And what are you up to, madam?"
The tone, as if she was five years old, cranked her temper. Bronte huffed out a breath and gave another useless tug on her wrist. The last thing she needed was another argument with her brother. This evening was turning into a complete and utter nightmare.
"It's been one of those days. Please ask your friend to let ..."
 Nico rudely interrupted her, "I found her climbing out of the ladies' restroom window after tossing this expensive item," he said, holding up her handbag.
Before Bronte could open her mouth he released her and emptied the contents onto Alexander's desk.
Her jaw hit the floor as feminine hygiene products along with an assortment of lipsticks, coins, her purse, her Blackberry, pens, a hairbrush, and a large pack of Percy Pigs sweets tumbled over the desk.
"How dare you?" Bronte's voice rose even as her eyes grew wide. Oh. My. God. Closing her eyes, she swore an oath to kill Rosie.
Nestled in the middle of the detritus was a box of fruit flavoured condoms - with twenty-five per cent extra.
Alexander's shocked laugh brought scorching heat to her cheeks as she glared at him.
"Well, well. My baby sister." His tone told her that if he had his way she'd be locked in a room until she was forty. "For the ultimate sensual experience," he read on the box. Bronte closed her eyes. She would never hear the end of this, never. "At least you're practising safe sex."
"I am not! Ah, I mean ..."
Her eyes slid to Nico, who studied her through narrowed grey eyes, his mouth tight. He had a half bored, half reflective expression on his face, tinged with a contempt that brought even more heated mortification soaring into her cheeks. 
Shame battled with annoyance that she should feel hurt by his attitude. What did she care what the man thought of her?
His physical presence overwhelmed the room as he took off his coat and made himself comfortable on a wide couch of tan leather. He loosened his silk tie and undid the top button of his shirt.
One foot shod in a Dolce & Gabbana loafer rested on his knee.
Like a King surveying his domain, he leaned back and took his time studying her.
Bronte couldn't help it; her gaze cruised over narrow hips and a washboard flat stomach. Sleek hair, brushed back from his high forehead, almost reached his collar, throwing his cheekbones into sharp relief.
That hard jaw saved him from looking too beautiful, thank goodness, but nothing in her experience had ever caught at her lungs the way this man did.
He simply stared at her, those amazing eyes all seeing, all knowing. His brows rose with an insolent query and Bronte realised with a surge of mortification that she was staring.
"I might have known Rosie was at the bottom of this," Alexander said, his long suffering tone diverting her attention from the fallen angel on the couch. Her brother read the sticky label sellotaped to the box of condoms. "It says, 'just in case you get lucky, Rosie.'" He took a shuddering breath, leaned back against his desk and folded his arms. "What happened? Why were you climbing out of a window?"
Hadn't she told Rosie a blind date with a friend of a friend's brother was a bad idea? So what if she hadn't had a date in over eighteen months, who was counting? But something about the man she'd met this evening had been a little bit 'off' and Bronte wished now she'd listened to her instincts and cut the night short. He'd badly frightened her by following her to the door of the ladies' toilets. She'd locked herself in, trapped and had simply panicked. Alexander would, she knew, staring at the hard look in her brother's eyes, go ballistic.
Her brother looked too tired these days, and Bronte ordered herself to play it cool.
"To avoid a scene precisely like this one," she replied. Turning to Nico, she jerked her chin in his direction. "Unfortunately, he stuck his big nose in or I would be long gone."
Nico rubbed his nose, his eyes narrowing into slits as he stared at her.
Alexander nodded. "Strangely enough, that makes perfect sense. I put money on it that Rosie Gordon is at the bottom of whatever trouble you're in."
Irritation with him that he was right along with the silent witness merely added fuel to her fire.
"I had a date. Not that it's any of your business."
Alexander ran a tongue along the top of his teeth at her tone. A bad sign, she knew.
"Who was he?"
"Anthony."
Her brother's green eyes drilled into hers and she fought not to squirm, especially since Nico appeared to be riveted by the scene. Bastard.
"Does Anthony have a surname?"
The jumpy nerves in her stomach nudged her temper. "I have no idea. Tonight was the first time I met him."
Alexander's eyes stayed on hers. "Tell me you didn't meet him on the internet."
It was so typical of him to jump to conclusions these days. And why was he interrogating her in front of Nico bloody Ferranti? "I didn't, but there's nothing wrong with internet dating, as long as it's done safely. Rosie knows his sister."
"I knew it." Her brother stalked behind his desk.
He sat and swung his leather business chair around to face Nico.
"When they were three, Rosie stuck a crayon up Bronte's nose which meant a trip to A&E. When they were ten they fell from a barn roof, Rosie ended up with a broken leg and Bronte a broken arm. They were lucky not to be killed. At boarding school, the pair of them attempted to drink a bottle of neat vodka. You should have seen my sister. Think of Bambi, pissed. I could go on, but we don't have all night."
Pushed beyond endurance and refusing to rise to the deep laugh from the man on the couch, or her ridiculous response to it, Bronte thrust her belongings into her favourite bag. All the while she eyed her brother and Nico with deep loathing in her heart.
"Neither of you have any right to find what happened to me tonight funny."
Her brother's eyes flashed green fire. "Trust me, I do not find it funny. I'm merely sharing past experiences."
Stung, Bronte glared at him. "You have no right to ridicule me in front of a complete stranger."
Alexander's face flushed with annoyance, his eyes warned her to back off.
"He wouldn't be a stranger to you if you learned some manners. Nico was there when we needed him most."
"You sound like a broken down budgie. What happened to family?" she flung back and then remembered that they weren't family. Not since they'd learned she was not, after all, a Ludlow. The ache in her heart caught her throat. "Your good friend scared the life out of me."
Which was a downright lie, but Bronte was too far gone to care.
Alexander's brows flew into his hairline. "You're over reacting."
She blew. "Am I? Am I really? You sold your heritage to a shark." Once the dam broke, Bronte couldn't stop it. "And I will not take responsibility for Anthony's behaviour either. Get off my back. Stop treating me like an imbecile just because you find it too hard to deal with ..."
Alexander silenced her with a finger stab. Tears flooded her throat, she couldn't cope with this. He refused to listen to her or take her feelings into account.
Nico Ferranti coughed and stood. "I feel responsible for your disagreement. I made a mistake and I apologise."
Chest heaving, she couldn't look at him and kept her burning eyes on Alexander.
Her brother merely nodded, looking sad and tired. And she refused to feel guilty for something that was completely out of her control.
"You weren't to know." Alexander glanced at her face and bit his lip. "Be nice, Bronte, and shake his hand."
With a reluctance that brought a twitch to Nico's lips and almost made her snarl, she placed her hand in his. "A pleasure, Miss Ludlow."
The purr in his voice as his lips touched her fingers sent an unwanted pulse of awareness through her system. Bronte had been taught that if she couldn't say something nice, say nothing. So she kept her mouth shut.
She slanted him a look as he released her hand and caught him appraising her from top to toe.
His eyes held a gleam which made her deeply ashamed of almost washing the family's dirty linen in public. Those eyes, a cool grey now, settled on her mouth. The pupils dilated and the reaction immediately brought her hackles up.
Her baby blonde hair, slight frame and too big eyes seemed to attract the wrong type of man. Her looks appeared to send the signal that she had the intellectual capacity of a turnip. None of it was helped by the fact that she looked seventeen instead of twenty-six. Her mother had found it hilarious and used to say Bronte would be thankful when she was forty; but she'd had to fight extra hard to attain the success she now enjoyed. Although she had to admit jumping out of a window and running away like a pathetic coward was hardly the behaviour of an adult, but she simply couldn't cope with a horrible public scene. And look what a great idea that had turned out to be. The Italian's lips twitched now as he tried not to laugh and Bronte's hand itched to smack him.
When she dealt with Nico Ferranti, Bronte wanted it to be on her own turf and on her own terms. Not with her off balance and at a disadvantage.
Deciding she'd had more than enough of men for one night, she picked up her belongings and headed for the door.
"I'm leaving."
"Hold it." Her brother's tone held an edge. "What did Anthony do to you?"
She turned and took a steady breath, too aware of Nico's eyes on her. They were darker now, and never left her face.
Anthony, 'call me Tony', had assumed Bronte was up for a tumble in one of the hugely expensive bedrooms. Since, he was happy to inform her, she hadn't been laid in a while and he had it on good authority that she fancied him. She'd soon disabused him of the notion and the scene had not been pleasant.
"We had a misunderstanding."
"And?"
"He's nursing his thumb." She noticed the statement made Alexander frown and Nico's mouth tighten. And wondered what they'd do if she told him she'd been called a bitch of a cock tease.
A knock at the door brought their attention to a harassed looking young waitress.
"Sir, sorry to disturb you, security needs you. We have a young man looking for Bronte." She cast a speculative look at Bronte. "He's had too much to drink and is making a scene. He's trying to get into the ladies' restroom."
"I'm coming." Alexander turned to Bronte and shook his head. "Stay here, I'll take you home."
Could this evening possibly get any worse or any more embarrassing?
The throaty cough beside her told her that it could.
"Please, allow me." Nico smiled at her brother, before giving Bronte his full attention. "I am the one who made the mistake. I will take you home."
Those dark eyes held a challenge and an intensity that made her pulse thrum.
Alexander nodded with a sharp glance at Bronte that promised this was not the end of the matter, and left to deal with 'call me Tony.'
She shot Nico a defiant look as he stood over her. His long finger tapped her chin while his eyes stayed on hers.
"One day someone will take you up on the invitation of that chin. You should be careful."
Who asked for his opinion?
Her eyes locked with his in a silent battle of wills.
"Thank you for those unasked for words of wisdom. I'm perfectly capable of making my own way home."
Eyes cold now and filled with disapproval, Nico pulled on his coat.
"It will be my pleasure," he said in a tone that suggested it was anything but.
Bronte sailed past him as he held the door open. And ignored his hand at the small of her back. Sheer willpower prevented her from stepping away. She wouldn't give him the satisfaction.
Nico placed himself between her and the lounge as Anthony's voice, raised in anger, made her cringe with mortification.
Leading the way to the car park, the tall Italian didn't say a single word.
The weather had deteriorated, sleet turning to snow as the temperature and her mood plummeted. Zipping up her black quilted jacket, she thrust her hands into her pockets all the while desperately wishing the night was over.
Her step hitched when they reached his car.
She might have known it.
It was wrong of her Bronte knew, but she couldn't help it.
Thrilled, she turned to him.
"Well, well, a Bentley Continental GT," she said, contempt dripping from every word. "Get you, a babe magnet. Very sexy. Very pretty." She paused for two beats. "Very you."



Chapter Three
Nico refused to rise to the bait.
Exhaustion nibbling at his temper made his tone hard as he opened the passenger door.
"Get in."
Bronte ignored him and purred low in her throat, which did strange things to his libido. Brushing snow from the bonnet with her fingertips, emerald eyes sparkled into his with a mix of challenge and ill humour.
"Very shiny. Very smooth. You have the need for speed in all things, I hear."
He wasn't in the mood for this. "You were not spanked enough as a child, were you?"
She merely raised a brow. "So we've moved on from manhandling to physical violence have we?"
Snow settled on the shoulders of her jacket and the wind whipped colour into those smooth cheeks as she shivered.
Nico sent up a prayer for patience. "Get in."
Someone listened, because she slid in without a murmur.
He closed the door, stalked around to the driver's side and told himself to keep calm. 
As he clicked his seatbelt into place Bronte gave a little shimmy of her shoulders and another deep purr in her throat that had him catch his breath.
"Hmm, it smells terribly expensive in here. If you bottled the scent of Bentley leather, you would make another fortune. Your many businesses must be doing well."
He rolled his tongue over his bottom teeth. "You are trying to make me angry, Bronte, and I am wondering why."
She merely crossed endless legs, making herself comfortable. Nico wondered what was wrong with him that he found the move incredibly sexy.
"It's not a mystery. I don't like you."
"You do not know me."
"I don't like your type."
"You judged me before you met me?"
"Not fair, is it?" she stated, her eyes glittering with temper.
Baffled, he stared at her. "I have no idea what you are talking about."
Her nostrils flared and that chin lifted. "Bronte Ludlow is a spoilt prima donna who was born with a silver spoon in her mouth. Alexander is worried sick about her. It is one drama after another."
At any other time her droll mimic of his accent might have been highly entertaining. The conversation was one he'd had with his architect and good friend on his Blackberry. With a frown, he remembered ducking into a cavernous loft space at Ludlow Hall to take the call in private.
Bronte continued, "I was in a storeroom, packing personal possessions. I didn't see you, but I heard every word, Mr Ferranti."
Nico remembered Alexander had been beside himself. "I was concerned about your brother, Bronte."
She continued as if he hadn't spoken. "What particular drama were you referring to?"
Nico couldn't really blame her for being angry, so he made a clean breast of it.
"You had broken your engagement." He frowned into those beautiful eyes, green, feline and filled to the brim with utter loathing for him. "Apparently the man was a bastard."
    "Yes, the world appears to be full of them."
He received the message loud and clear, the little witch.
With the flick of a wrist, he turned on the engine.
"Ooh, it sounds like a grumpy tiger," she squealed in a high, girly voice. A low growl escaped from his throat and she grinned. "Yeah, exactly like that."
He closed his eyes and sent up another prayer.
 
As the Bentley cruised out of Ludlow Hall, Nico glanced at her as she stared moodily into the road ahead, lit by the car's powerful headlights.
Her behaviour was a disgrace. Something about him appeared to bring out the bitch in her. His lips twitched as he observed her frown into the darkness.
When he'd lifted her from the window and his hands spanned her waist, he'd recognised the stirring in his loins for what it was. Lust. God knew she would be a handful. The thought made him smile. It had been a long time since a woman had stirred his interest or presented such a challenge. These days he didn't need to work very hard to capture a woman and he wondered if that was why he was in the middle of a lengthy dry spell.
The windscreen wipers batted fat snowflakes in a silent rhythm. Clearing his throat, he gave into temptation and smoothed her glossy pony tail.
He caught her eye. "Stop worrying."
"Excuse me?"
A sizzle of awareness warmed his blood. Not many people used that tone with him and got away with it.
He stroked her hair again. "You look as if I am going to eat you."
He loved the way she narrowed her eyes and flared her nostrils.
Staring determinedly into the road ahead, she told him, "Self-delusion is a curse, isn't it? You are not the centre of the known universe, Mr Ferranti. In fact, I do my level best not to think of you."
He laughed; delighted to see it brought a reluctant twitch to her lips.
 "Why have we never met?" He kept his voice soft and the tone teasing.
She flicked him a cool look. "Just my good luck, I suppose."
The girl had courage, he'd give her that. "The kitten has sharp claws."
His eyes were on the road and he swung the car into the entrance of her property.
"I'm twenty-six years old, hardly a kitten, Mr Ferranti." Her arctic tone only whetted his appetite.
He brought the car to a halt. Subtle night lights lit the grounds and entrance porch.
He turned to her and absently toyed with her ponytail.
It felt all soft and silky. "You do not look it. Your colouring is quite different from your brother."
 
The look in Nico's eye reminded Bronte of a starving cat staring at a mouse hole.
"I take after my mother." With a dark look, she flicked her hair out of his hand. Alexander's hair was a rich chestnut, although they shared eye colour and, Bronte thought as a sharp blade pierced her heart, the same mother. But this was neither the time nor the place to think of that.
It appeared Nico Ferranti had a problem with respecting personal space too, she realised as he leaned towards her, his eyes keen on her face. "Yes, she was a beautiful woman, almost as beautiful as her daughter."
The genuine regret in his voice brought a lump to Bronte's throat as he took her hand. Grief, still horribly fresh, coursed through her. She closed her eyes tight and fought for control.
"I am sorry," Nico said, his thumb stroking her knuckles. "I did not mean to upset you. I understand you were close."
Bronte opened her eyes and stared straight ahead into the night. The one thing she simply could not tolerate was pity.
Nico gently squeezed her hand and she nodded, closing her eyes again to steady herself. There was no way she could permit this man to get under her skin. Again he was playing with her hair and she resisted the crazy urge to crawl into his lap, bury her face into his neck and stay there. As ever, she was allowing her emotions to rule instead of using her head. The only thing Nico Ferranti wanted was her home and she'd better not forget it.
She turned and gave him a level look, not in the mood for games.
"Flirting, Mr Ferranti? Let's stop tap dancing around the subject shall we?" And she caught the surprise in his eyes before he hooded his lids. He had amazing lashes she mused, long and thick.
Cool now, his eyes met hers.
He drew back to study her face.
"Nico, it is my name, please use it." The tone made it a command rather than a request. Ah yes, the gloves were off Bronte realised, ignoring the increasing flutter of nerves in her stomach.
Here was the real man.
Bronte recognised raw male power when she saw it and the force of a strong will when she felt it. Nico would be a formidable adversary. Well, she was no pushover either. Exasperation with him made her tone hard.
"The Dower House is not for sale, Mr Ferranti."
She caught the quick flash in those eyes before his finger tipped up her chin. Her gasp of alarm narrowed his eyes, the finger traced the hectic pulse in her neck, and his smile reminded her forcibly of a great white shark.
For the first time, Bronte realised she may have overstepped the mark. Her throat tightened, saliva dried in her mouth as she pushed his hand away.
"Everything and everyone has a price," he told her.
Struck speechless by his arrogance, she stared at him. Was it not enough for him to turn her home into a hotel? Now he wanted the only link she had left to her family? Nico Ferranti, she decided, needed a major boot in the ass.
Bronte rarely lost her temper, although you wouldn't know it by her lack of control this evening. A hot stinging sensation in her eyes along with the tight feeling in her chest warned her she was ready to blow.
She made a fist and he gripped her wrist.
"Let go of me." She spat the words and stared at him with wide eyes.
Too late, Nico realised he held a hissing cat by the tail.
Bronte's emerald eyes flashed and her full bottom lip trembled with outrage.
He must be more tired than he thought. Crossing three time zones had obviously influenced his ability to control himself. True, she'd got to him by calling him Mr Ferranti in such a precise tone. Although why it annoyed him so much, he couldn't say.
When he'd plucked her from certain injury and held her close, the unique scent of neroli mingled with warm female, along with the impact of those big eyes and her smile, had thrown him. He must be tired he decided, because no woman had ever affected him in this way.
The condoms she carried and her embarrassment intrigued him too. She had an air of refinement and exuded pure class. He couldn't imagine someone with her style would need a blind date or consider a fling with one. This just went to show that looks could be deceptive.
But when that chin and those eyes had issued a direct challenge, it would take a stronger man than him to resist.
Bronte's soft wide mouth was sheer temptation and the urge to take swept over him. Only the cloud of vulnerability in her eyes held him back. And she was not a coward. No woman of his acquaintance would dare speak to him the way Bronte did. She had been through enough this evening at the hands of another.
 He fought to keep his tone level, his voice soothing without taking his eyes off hers.
"What happened this evening, Bronte?"
Her brows drew together at his change of subject.
His thumb rubbed the hectic pulse under the soft skin of her wrist and she winced in pain.
With a frown, he pulled up the sleeve of her jacket, sweater and switched on the interior lights. The livid marks had him catch his breath. Had he put those fingerprints on her skin? Never.
Furious, his eyes captured hers. "He did this?"
She blinked up at him like an owl. The angry expression on her face vanished to be replaced by one of genuine distress. It made him want to hold her tight, to offer comfort, to protect. Alarm pealed in his mind, Bronte Ludlow was not his concern. It must be jet lag; she had a brother to watch over her. Nico released her as if she'd burned him and leaned back.
Rubbing her wrist, Bronte's eyes glittered into his.
"He put his hands where they weren't wanted and paid the price. You would do well to remember that, Mr Ferranti."
The girl, he realised with admiration, didn't know when to give in.
"I understand you're supplying the wedding cake tomorrow."
"Yes," she told him, those green eyes too watchful now and too wary. "A little hobby of mine. I fit it in between peeling the grapes I eat with my silver spoon." Nico almost smiled when she frowned in a way he was beginning to find adorable. She continued, "What has that got to do with anything?"
He wasn't above using subtle intimidation in business or in his personal life.
"If you want to keep the contract, I suggest you mind your manners, Ms Ludlow."
Stunning emerald eyes glittered into his. Nico found himself taken aback by her reaction. Was that a smirk on her beautiful face?
"Are you threatening me, Mr Ferranti?" Shoulders back, she looked down her nose as if he was a bad smell. It was a unique experience and Nico found he did not care for it.
Seriously annoyed now, he leaned forward and was small enough to feel satisfaction when she retreated against the door. He almost touched a finger to the frantic pulse in her neck, and then changed his mind. After a decent night's sleep, he would deal with Bronte Ludlow tomorrow.
"Alexander will be in Europe for four weeks and you will deal with me. I don't care if you are his sister. I expect only the best from my contractors."
Giving him a look that would melt solid steel, Bronte opened the door and got out.
Then she leaned into the car with a smile that did not reach her eyes.
"I look forward to working with you, Mr Ferranti," she said in a silky voice before closing the car door.
As he drove back to Ludlow Hall, Nico knew he had not come out the winner this evening. And put it down to a lack of sleep.
However, he wasn't too tired to make sure that Alexander dealt with Anthony in a proper and fitting manner. Nico was looking forward to meeting the man who'd put his mark on Bronte and didn't stop to ask himself why it was any business of his, or why he should care.
The car swept into the car park of Ludlow Hall.
Life, Nico realised with a wry smile, had just become a lot more interesting.
 

 
Chapter Four
"I was mortified."
Bronte glared at Rosie who cried laughing, wiping her eyes with the back of her fingers.
"I wish I'd seen it. I can't believe you jumped out a window and left him there." She leaned on the edge of the kitchen table, tore off a piece of kitchen roll and dabbed her cheeks. "Is my mascara running?"
Bronte gave her best friend a dark look, not in the mood for humour. "No. What possessed you to set me up with that awful man?"
"Sorry, sorry, I thought he was a nice guy. His sister's lovely. She told me Anthony's had a thing for you for years," Rosie told her.
"What I don't understand is why he thought I had the hots for him," Bronte responded completely bewildered. It was something that continued to bug her. The man had been totally convinced she'd been prepared to go to bed with him. She simply could not understand it. But then remembering his hair trigger temper, perhaps he was delusional?
Shaking her head, Bronte checked the temperature on the ovens, and glanced through their schedule for the day.
Three trainee pastry chefs laughed and joked in the adjacent kitchen. The sound mingled with an iPod rocking Coldplay and the clang of pots and pans.
"I wouldn't worry about it. Put it down to experience."
Bronte glanced at Rosie, still dabbing her face and frowned.
"It's not funny. Nico Ferranti looked at me as if I was a slut."
Rosie tied a white chef's bandana over her dark curls, topped up their mugs with coffee and sent Bronte a sly look.
"I bet Alexander found it funny. You didn't tell him I put them in your bag did you?"
With a little smile, Bronte folded her arms. "He may not be Sherlock Holmes, but he deduced who was responsible by the note sellotaped to the box."
"Ouch, okay." Rosie pursed her lips and widened her brown eyes. "So how was big brother, still miserable?"
Bronte winced remembering how tired he appeared.
"Worse, he had that long suffering kicked dog look."
"Hmm, it's not often he's vulnerable, make the most of it."
Sinking into a chair, Bronte pressed fingertips to her temple, puffing out her cheeks.
Her eyes met Rosie's. 
"I need to do the right thing and I can't leave it any longer. The trouble is I don't know how to approach him. How do I tell a perfect stranger that I'm the daughter he never knew existed?" She closed her eyes. "God, my life is such a mess."
The ache in her gut, a constant companion these days, burned like acid. No matter how many times she went over and over the reality of her situation she was hurting Alexander. He wanted her to forget about a man who'd had nothing to do with her upbringing and to let the dead lie in peace.
Rosie gave her a quick hug. "It's your decision. You know I'll back you all the way whatever you decide." She caught her eye and gave her a cheeky smile. "What's Nico Ferranti like?"
While Bronte considered her response, Rosie checked the cool-room temperature and wheeled out a stainless steel trolley which held four separate tiers of snowy white wedding cakes ready for assembly and finishing touches.
"He's big."
How do you describe power and sheer physical presence? Bronte wondered as she stood. How could she describe the hum in her blood when his hands gripped her waist? How could she explain the overwhelming desire to give him a black eye?
She slid four trays of mini muffins into each oven and set the timer.
"I need more information." Rosie sent her a quizzical look.
"He's well over six foot, wide shouldered, long legs. You know, big." Her cheeks grew warm when Rosie folded her arms. "Okay, he smells fabulous. He's got hot Latin looks. And he says Brrrronte in an Italian accent."
"Wait a minute. I know that face."
"What face?"
"That face you're wearing." Rosie smacked her hands on the table and leaned over. Eyes the colour of warm chocolate peered into hers. "Do I detect a spark of life in the empty expanse of your libido?" Her eyes went big with a silent question. Then she turned, sliding a tray of fondant snowdrops and winter roses into a narrow container. "And don't huff and puff like that. This is good news."
Bronte, not admitting to anything that might incriminate her, checked her watch.
"I feel a break coming on. We're ahead of schedule." Hot air from the ovens filled her huge kitchen with the sublime scent of warm toffee. "You can test a muffin. They're looking good."
"How many more to go?" Rosie sniffed.
"Four batches of four trays."
"What kind of icing?"
"White chocolate fudge."
"You should set up a business."
"Har har, you're a riot this morning."
"So spill." Rosie blew on a muffin from the first batch, her eyes sparkling. "He drove you home, then what?"
Bronte sipped her coffee and inhaled the scent, listening to another pop tune. Adele rocked the adjacent kitchen.
She stared through wide French doors into her garden, grass silver with frost. Ice glistened on a bird bath. The mortgage she'd taken out for the re-modelling of the kitchen and new equipment, along with expenses and salaries didn't leave much left over, but financially they were doing well. More than just money was invested into the business. She'd invested her heart, her soul.
No matter how hard things got, she could never, ever give this up.
"He wants to buy my home and the land."
The previous night's conversation returned to her. The Dower House was not for sale at any price, end of debate. So why did she feel a curl of anxiety in her stomach? It was how his jaw clenched, she realised, and how those heavily lashed eyes had narrowed as his fingers tapped the steering wheel. Yes she mused; Mr Ferranti was not accustomed to the word no. The memory of his touch made her mouth dry.
And she decided not to worry Rosie with his threat to tear up their contract. If he did that, he would alienate Alexander. She'd realised last night that the friendship between the men was a deep one. Nico Ferranti was full of hot air. They didn't need Ludlow Hall for business; they'd been a huge success before it opened. Since money was the language Nico understood, she would show the arrogant baboon just how valuable her company was to his bottom line.
"What did you tell him?" Rosie wanted to know.
"To bugger off."
Rosie squeezed her fingers. "I know there have been times since ... when you've wondered if it's all been worth it."
"I've never regretted starting this business. It's kept me sane, and hey for the last six months we've been in the black."
"It was Oliver and Lucy's wedding that did it. The glossy magazine spread of the super model and her super husband as they cut the cake." With a satisfied smile, Rosie popped the rest of her muffin into her mouth.
"We did it, cheers," Bronte told her as they clinked coffee mugs.
The sound of the front door bell made them jump.
Rosie checked the time. "I'll get it. I'm expecting a delivery."
Nico pushed his hands further into the fleece-lined pockets of his battered shearling jacket and admired his surroundings.
A miniature version of Ludlow Hall, with its sweeping driveway and ocean of manicured lawns, The Dower House could have been plucked out of a fairy story. His mind raced with thoughts and plans for the future. The house was the perfect base.
Even though Bronte had been the last thing on his mind as he tumbled into sleep and the first thing on his mind when he awoke, the conversation with her the previous evening and a good night's sleep had energised him this morning.
Nico shook his head, frankly amazed at himself that she had such an effect on him.
He liked women. He particularly liked them tall, dark and stacked. He liked experienced professional types who knew the score and were too busy for a long-term commitment.
This thing he had for his best friend's sister might not be a good idea. He chewed on his bottom lip; Alexander's reaction to her dating was over the top. But he would do nothing to jeopardise their friendship and business relationship.
As for Bronte herself, she had a refinement that sang to him. Her vulnerability also appeared to bring out the protector in him. Who'd have thought it? Anthony, he thought with a grim smile, would think twice about hurting another woman.
Nico couldn't forget the feel of Bronte, the tingle of awareness that still warmed his system and how small her waist had been between his hands. He smiled remembering her embarrassment at being caught in the act. Naughty too, with those big eyes full of pretend innocence.
The light floral scent of Bronte still lingered in his car; it was warm, sweet and feminine. How could he have missed her on his previous visits?
The thought brought his mind back to the task in hand - The Dower House.
The plans he had for the place warmed his heart as he tugged the brass bell pull.
He'd been clumsy threatening her like that. What had he been thinking? Again, he shook his head and told himself to focus on the task at hand and not on the woman.
The door opened.
A curvy, dark-haired, dark-eyed female poked her head out and looked him up and down with bright-eyed interest. By her clothes Nico surmised she was a cook.
He smiled and opened his mouth.
"Deliveries are received at the back. Follow the road all the way round," she told him and closed the door in his face.
Bemused, he looked down at his ancient boots and jeans. Okay, it was an easy mistake to make. Nico wound a black cashmere scarf around his neck, strolled to the car and followed instructions.
The road led to a courtyard and a large coach house converted into four garages.
A snazzy mini cooper convertible in shiny black was parked next to the frosty lawn. Two gleaming black vans with 'Sweet Sensation' painted in gold on their sides, stood with their rear doors open.
A couple of young girls, dressed in chef whites, were busy loading shelves, wheeling trolleys carrying white cardboard boxes.
The girl who had opened the front door widened her eyes when she saw his car.
She was trying, Nico realised as he got out, not to laugh.
"I'm so sorry. I thought you were a delivery. Can I help you?" Her eyes sparkled into his.
"I am Nico Ferranti for Bronte Ludlow." He frowned as her eyes cooled and the smile slipped.
"Of course you are."
"Please, call me Nico, and you are?" He held out his hand wondering what in the world he had done to offend her.
"Rosie Gordon. Bronte's partner." She took his hand with a distinct lack of enthusiasm that tickled his sense of humour. "How do you do?"
Curious and surprised at the set-up, he looked around.
"Is Bronte available?"
"Sure, follow me." She led him through a narrow hallway, a busy compact kitchen and into a larger space with a high vaulted ceiling.
Nico didn't have a particularly sweet tooth, but the scent of fresh baking, toffee and chocolate made his mouth water. Fifty per cent of the room, he realised studying the space, was a recent addition and constructed of heavy oak beams and glass.
Acres of stainless steel food preparation areas, fridges, cold stores and ovens gleamed in the fragile winter sun.
Wearing chef whites, Bronte stood at a central island decorating the bottom tier of one of the most spectacular wedding cakes he'd ever seen. Not that he took much notice of such things, but the cake was incredible. In cream and pale pink, it towered above her. Constructed of six octagonal pieces he assumed would be dismantled and re-assembled in-situ. The designer glasses she wore he found terribly erotic for some reason, and immediately wondered what the hell was wrong with him.
Rosie pulled him to the side, out of Bronte's line of vision.
Bronte worked with a single-minded focus and determination that totally threw him. An iPod plugged into her ears, she spun the cake wheel with one hand and piped icing in a steady rhythm with the other. A foot encased in a white rubber clog tapped to the tune in her ears. The pink tip of her tongue rubbed her top lip. And Nico had the sensation of blood rushing to pool low in his belly. She was stunning.
His expert eye estimated her height at five foot seven inches tall, one hundred and twenty pounds, maybe less with a lean figure that was almost boyish. The face was beautiful in the clear light of day with creamy, flawless skin and high cheekbones. Her hair ran down her back in a slippery tail and she had a chef's cap pulled low on her forehead.
The urge to pull her into his arms and taste that soft, seductive mouth shocked him. He'd attempted to justify his reaction to her last night as the effect of jetlag. Obviously, he was deluding himself.
"She's nearly finished," Rosie whispered. "If you interrupt her she'll hand you your head in your hands." Surprised, Nico looked at her and realised she was absolutely serious.
Bronte finished with an expert flourish that made him smile. Then boogied her hips in a way that electrified his groin and Nico ordered himself to get a grip.
She turned and saw him.
He almost missed the flash of awareness in her eyes before they cooled to chips of emerald ice, and he managed not to wince. He couldn't deny the pang of disappointment in his chest.
And couldn't deny that she looked gorgeous.
Bronte unplugged her ears and tucked her glasses into the top pocket of her jacket. Pulling off latex gloves she gave him what he thought of as her polite customer smile. The look in her eye told him she wasn't in the mood for a discussion, her dislike of him clear by the stiff body language. Between last night and this morning, Ms Ludlow had erected implacable defences.
The air crackled with the toxic mix of arousal and heightened awareness from him and a deep loathing from her.
With a jolt, he realised Bronte Ludlow wished him straight to hell.
Nico imagined most men would back off and get the message. Unfortunately for her, he was not most men.
"What can I do for you, Mr Ferranti? Are you in the market for a wedding cake?" Her voice was firm, polite and precise.
But the hint of nerves intrigued him. "It is fantastic, Bronte."
He meant every word, and her eyes widened at the compliment. Nico took her hand, and testing, rubbed his thumb along her knuckles. The move brought a surprised flush to her cheeks and he pressed home his advantage. "You are very talented. I had no idea."
And the little leap in her pulse under his fingertips made his day.
She cleared her throat. "As you can see we're very busy this morning. Saturday tends to be hectic." She gave a tug of her hand.
He held it a second longer than was strictly necessary and read the beginning of wariness in her eyes. She smelt of sugar, sweet vanilla and neroli. It was an alluring, sensuous mix which spun around his heightened senses.
He had a feeling she would taste even better.


 
Chapter Five
Bronte took a deep breath and ordered her erratic pulse to calm down.
Today he wore jeans, the seams white with wear, with as much style as his expensive suit. The worn boots and battered leather jacket, along with the tousled hair almost made her swallow her tongue. While the I-need-a-shave look had her hormones flashing on red alert.
His eyes, the colour of a stormy sky, held and trapped hers. 
From a great distance she heard her friend and she turned to Rosie.
"I'm sorry?"
"I said would you like a coffee, Nico, and perhaps a little taste of something?" Rosie said, adding under her breath, "except Bronte."
Nico blinked and gave her a perfunctory smile, his attention fully focused on Bronte.
"If it is no trouble. I realise I have interrupted your work."
Bronte couldn't tear her eyes from his.
The intensity of his gaze was rather unnerving.
Her mouth went bone dry. Why couldn't she breathe?
"Take Nico into the sitting room and I'll bring it in." Rosie instructed, and then gave Bronte a poke in the back along with a firm little push.
"You are full of surprises."
Bronte debated how to respond to the remark as Nico shrugged off his jacket, turning in a circle as he took in the room with a calculating gleam in his eye that she took great exception to. The black sweater in fine cashmere accentuated his wide shoulders and narrow waist. He tossed his jacket, chose a corner of the sofa and settled himself comfortably, too comfortably.
His cock-of-the-walk attitude brought Bronte's hackles up.
Those amazing eyes pinned hers. She shivered at how dark and intent his gaze was as he studied her.
Seriously annoyed that he could affect her like this, Bronte narrowed her eyes.
"What, surprised that I work hard to make a living?"
Nico opened his mouth to reply and the door opened.
Rosie's eyes went wide as she picked up the charged atmosphere. Her gaze flicked from one to the other as she placed the tray on a table. Then she did a spectacular eye roll behind Nico's back as she left.
What on earth was Rosie thinking, Bronte fumed, bringing him into the house today of all days? And why had she used the priceless Limoges coffee set?
Bronte decided that soon, very soon, she would strangle her friend.
She poured and handed Nico a cup of black coffee in a fragile porcelain cup, watching him carefully as he added cream and stirred. A part of her brain noticed he had lovely hands, with long fingers and short nails.
"You are never going to let me forget that, are you?" he asked, those eyes, sparkling now, never left her face.
Bronte merely shrugged and fought not to smile back. He was too smooth she decided, too charming and she'd been burned once before by a slick operator.
She took a deep breath and his dark eyes sharpened.
"The house is not for sale."
Her eyes issued a direct challenge.
Nico smiled to himself.
She sat opposite and crossed long legs dressed in blue and white checked cotton trousers. Slender fingers clasped her knee. Back straight, her eyes met his unflinchingly. She was sexy and beautiful. Not in his usual style her cool beauty was a definite departure for him. The hard ache in his groin was an interesting development too.
His mind racing Nico took a sip of excellent coffee.
The issue with the business being run from the house was not an overwhelming obstacle. Although he seemed to remember a clause in a covenant which he would have his lawyers' research. However, it appeared dealing with Bronte on a personal level and The Dower House would require creative thinking. So for the moment he would back off as far as the house was concerned and see where this attraction led.
Nico wanted her, he wanted the house and he would not alienate Alexander. Taking another sip of coffee, he decided there was nothing like a challenge.
He kept his voice low, the tone friendly as he studied her pale face carefully.
"I find myself in a unique situation."
She frowned, those emerald eyes appeared confused now.
Her full mouth looked terribly vulnerable.
"I don't understand. I thought you were here about the house." She looked so cute, his mouth watered.
Nico sent her a friendly grin and watched the heat flooding her face with interest.
"I am here about the house, amongst other things."
The pulse in her neck beat furiously and Nico found himself admiring her again. Most people found him intimidating, but not Bronte. When her chin rose it didn't annoy him as it had done the night before. Instead it aroused.
He removed an envelope from his pocket placing it on the table between them.
Bronte didn't even glance at it.
"What is your problem?" she demanded.
Rising, she walked to a magnificent stone mantelpiece and placed her palms on it.
"This is my home. These bricks are rooted deep into the soil." She turned to him with a determined look in her vivid eyes. "This house anchors me to a land my family have lived in for generations. It's all I have left of them." She rubbed her head in a sad, tired gesture that he found curiously moving.
Nico was aware of a click in the region of his heart and an emotion he didn't want to identify. He frowned into his coffee.
"Do you always get what you want, Mr Ferranti?" she asked him in a soft voice.
He stared at her. To answer yes would be the simple truth. But he had the feeling it would upset her further and he found, surprisingly, he didn't want to do that. 
So he shrugged and spread his hands.
Bronte's eyes narrowed into slits and she folded her arms.
"Last night you threatened me. Today you've come into my home uninvited. You refuse to take no for an answer. Who the hell do you think you are, the Cosa Nostra?"
The remark was targeted to insult and she hit the bull's eye. He was Italian. The words were more than a slap in the face. They offended his integrity, his honour and his hard won reputation.
Unwelcome heat surged into his face. She knew nothing of his father, his brother or the extended family he refused to acknowledge. No one did. His past was carefully buried in Italy. How could Bronte have discovered it?
Suspicion narrowed his eyes as Nico observed alarm flare in those stunning green eyes. He read no guile or hidden agenda. Relief warred with dismay that he'd been provoked so easily by a rank amateur. He'd made enemies; a man in his position didn't rise to the top without stepping on a few toes. But none of them had managed to get under his skin or under his guard the way Bronte did.
Taking great care, Nico placed the delicate cup and saucer on the table.
With a firm grip on a temper that appeared to be too close to the surface, his eyes lasered into hers. Colour drained from her cheeks leaving her too pale. Hands not quite steady, she placed her cup on the table.
Good, at last he had managed to get through to her.
He stood.
Pain, the memory of old hurts, old sufferings, swam through his system as he slung on his jacket. His eyes never left hers. Nico realised he'd alarmed her and couldn't be sorry for it. She had crossed a line with him. Bronte Ludlow needed her bottom paddled for her rudeness. That soft mouth trembled as the hectic pulse in her neck matched his.
The need to devour those lips, to take, both thrilled and appalled him. But Nico was honest enough to admit that his anger came as much from his physical and emotional response to Bronte as the words she'd used to insult him. No one spoke to him in that tone or challenged him in that way. She'd thrown him off balance. He could not cope with the sensation mixed with the mad desire to haul her into his arms and kiss her senseless.
Therefore he took refuge in stiff formality.
Nico didn't attempt to hide the bite to his tone or keep the anger from his voice.
"I have asked you twice before to use my name. I will not ask you a third time." He gave a quick bow of his head. "I apologise for disturbing you, Bronte."
Without a backward glance, he walked out.
 
 

Chapter Six
 
Bronte stared at the door.
Why did she feel as if she was in the wrong? She'd seen vulnerability in his eyes, quickly hidden, but it had been there. And she'd upset, angered him, and why should that make her feel small? He was the one who'd come into her home - uninvited by the way. He was the one who'd used that tone and attitude with her. She had every right to defend herself. He was an adult. He'd get over it. If it meant that he'd forget all about the Dower House then it was worth it.
Irritated with herself that she was such a wuss with disagreements and scenes she actually felt sick. And irritated with him because he'd turned her into a bitch, Bronte picked up the thick expensive envelope, almost tossing it into the fire before she stopped herself. Her name was written in black ink in a strong, fluid hand.
Ripping it open, she pulled out the stiff cream and gold embossed card and sank to the sofa as she read.
Mr Nico Ferranti would be delighted and honoured if Miss Bronte Ludlow would accept an invitation, to accompany him to a Ball to celebrate the Grand opening of Ludlow Hall next Saturday evening, in seven days time.
Shit, shit, shit.
Bronte stared at it in dismay, tapping the card on her palm before dropping it on the table. He'd set her up knowing she'd assume the letter was an offer for the house. Great, she'd just jumped down his throat over an invitation. And now she would need to apologise.
By the afternoon Bronte had managed to put him out of her mind.
At least that's what she told herself. The hot lump of guilt in her stomach was a niggling reminder of the scene. Yes, she'd been unpleasant, but he deserved it. The task in hand should be her main focus, not an Italian who was so damned sexy he should have a warning label tattooed to his forehead.
The wedding ceremony itself was being held in the old chapel in the grounds of Ludlow Hall and she had mixed feelings about the entire business. Today was the first time she'd really seen inside her old home since Nico Ferranti had sprinkled money like fairy dust. Honesty had her admit that the house looked fabulous, but she missed her previous life and the people in it too much. Money had always been tight with not much left over to indulge in the pretty things as her mother had called soft furnishings.
The grand hall was filled with round tables and chairs covered in pristine white cotton. Heavy brocade curtains in deep jewel colours spilled onto the floor from windows that arched almost to the ceiling. Glittering chandeliers, dripping with clear crystals bathed the room in light. The effect was one of quiet good taste edged with luxury. Pink and cream wild roses spilled out of tall centre-pieces on the tables, swept over the arches and wound around staircase balustrades. Nico's expert team obviously knew how to put on a wedding.
She checked the soft pink roses were still fresh between each tier of the cake and nearly jumped out of her skin at the deep voice too close behind her.
"It is a work of art. You are not a guest? I understand you are a friend of the groom."
Turning to the harsh unsmiling face of Nico, for a moment Bronte lost the power of speech. He wore a dark bespoke suit which hugged those enormous shoulders and lean, muscular thighs. Along with a snowy shirt and a silk tie the precise colour of his eyes. Heavy silver cufflinks peeped out from the sleeves. Black hair was brushed back and immaculate, merely enhancing the smooth skin, the plains and valleys of his brows and cheekbones. Eyes, almost black with what looked like possession, swept over her face and settled on her mouth. Bronte felt the heat of mortification rush into her cheeks as she realised she'd been openly staring, again.
Add in the fact that he smelt amazing and Nico Ferranti in all his finery was quite the package. He was too close and judging by her body's reaction to him, too dangerous.
Rubbing damp palms down the front of her crisp white apron, Bronte felt like Cinderella at the Ball minus the gown and glass slippers.
Her hormones buzzed like bees in her system. She studied his expressionless mask and found it difficult to swallow. He was still angry with her. It was ridiculous to be so nervous of him. What on earth could he do to her in the middle of a room full of staff?
"We almost never mix business with pleasure. It's not a good idea. But we will attend this evening and have a drink with the happy couple. Rosie loves to burn up the dance floor." Mortified, Bronte realised she was babbling. And decided she really needed to get a grip.
Unable to meet his eyes she focused instead on his chin, which was a mistake since just above it was that amazing mouth with the sensual bottom lip. It was important to Bronte to apologise for her behaviour this morning. She'd deliberately insulted him. There was nothing worse than being in the wrong.
"Look, I want to apologise for my behaviour ..."
Before Bronte could finish her carefully rehearsed speech, he took her hand, rubbing his finger over the back of her knuckles as his eyes caught and held hers.
"Please, do not worry. I should have made it clear the letter was an invitation and not another offer. But I could not resist bringing the spark to your eyes. You are quite beautiful when you are angry."
She was?
Then she wondered if it was an Italian thing the way he always wanted to touch her, because she seriously wished he wouldn't since it kept her off balance and scrambled her brain cells.
A commotion at the entrance alerted them to the presence of a tiny flower girl with black curls, flushed cheeks and over excited eyes.
A pink circlet of flowers hung at a crazy angle on her head. Spotting the wedding cake, she let out a yell and headed straight for it.
Bronte moved to intercept, scooped her up in her arms with a laugh and spun her round to delighted squeals and giggles.
"Oh, no you don't, Melissa Jane Lucas. You can have cake after the ceremony." She gave the child a big kiss on her rosy cheek. Melissa dimpled adorably so Bronte indulged herself with a soft kiss on the small nose and adjusted the circlet of flowers on her dark head. "And don't you look like a princess? Are those new shoes?"
Three year old Melissa dressed in pink silk taffeta with huge puffed sleeves and skirt that made her look like an irresistible fairy, batted big blue eyes. She arched a foot that wore butter soft ballet pumps in white leather, nodded and stuck a thumb in her mouth. Someone, Bronte realised with a smile, had missed her nap.
"There you are." The pregnant sister of the groom, looking flushed, plucked Melissa out of her arms and air-kissed Bronte's cheek. "Thank you. I'm going to enter this one for the sprint in the Olympics. Gosh the cake looks fabulous, darling. You are so clever."
She stared at Nico with a look in her eye that was pure female checking out an attractive male. With a roll of her eyes at Bronte, she rushed off with Melissa gazing longingly at the cake over her shoulder.
For a big man, Nico moved fast.
His breath sent a frisson of awareness from her neck to her toes.
The firm hand at her waist and deep voice in her ear made her tremble in reaction.
"Good with children too, I'm impressed."
The words might have been like a dagger to the heart, but the low suggestive purr in his throat scorched her cheeks. His breath fanned her ear, the scent of him making her head spin. She knew it wasn't his fault, he had no idea she may never have a child.
Emotions all over the place, instinctively Bronte moved out of reach.
The hot expression in his eyes cooled and the realisation she'd annoyed him again made the nerves in her stomach wind even tighter.
The man tied her every logical thought in knots.
"It's all part of the job."
She took another step back, cleared her throat and smoothed the table cloth with a hand that was far from steady.
He took a step forward and she forced herself not to retreat.
"Have dinner with me tonight," he said, without taking his eyes off her face. It wasn't a request.
As a result of her stomach clutching, her chin lifted with sheer bravado.
"No, thank you."
Dark eyes explored her face as his thumb caressed her jaw. He studied her mouth as if it was the last Belgian chocolate in the box. Attraction flooded her system and his pupils dilated as his eyes stayed on hers.
She couldn't look away.
"Scared, Bronte?" His husky voice deepened his accent.
Terrified actually. "Now you're being ridiculous." Why couldn't she breathe? Bravado leaked away to be replaced by a dark longing, a response to the soft seduction of his accent.
"Prove it," Nico demanded.
Grey eyes challenged hers and she studied him for a long moment. Taking a breath, she stepped out of his touch. "I'm attending the party this evening, or had you forgotten?"
"What time did you rise this morning?"
She blinked.
What had that got to do with anything? "Six o'clock."
"Then you need to eat. We have a new chef, what do you say? I've been invited too. We can have a few dances with the band, have dinner and return later for the disco. We appear to have got off on the wrong foot, Bronte. This way we can have a chance to get to know one another."
He took her hand and rubbed his thumb across her knuckles, again the sensation sent shock waves through her system. That voice went dark and low. "Please, cara."
Bronte hissed out a breath as her hormones fizzed.
Temptation whispered in her ear, it would save her heating up a pizza. The new chef was supposed to be brilliant too. Perhaps they could get to know one another and perhaps he would realise how much her home meant to her.
Almost swaying on her feet, she wondered if this devastating and exciting sensation was the elusive chemistry that Rosie was always going on about. For the first time in months, she felt truly alive.
"What time do you want to eat?" She asked, immediately telling herself she was a fool.
He didn't attempt to hide how pleased he was to have won. The smile transformed his face showcasing dimples and Bronte's hormones did a little shimmy through her system. She'd always been a sucker for dimples. Obviously she'd lost her tiny mind because there was no way she could possibly resist him when he looked at her like that.
"Eight thirty." He placed a hand on her arm as she moved away. "What made you change your mind?"
She turned, sent him a small smile.
"You said, please."



Chapter Seven
"You must wear the ivory silk," Rosie advised her.
She was sprawled on Bronte's monster of a bed built of solid mahogany. Glossy black curls cascaded down the back of her silk bustier in a vivid fire engine red the exact shade of her lipstick.
"According to an expert on weddings, my mother," Bronte said seriously, "you should never wear white or cream to a wedding if you are a guest." She eyed her friend with sheer envy. "I hate you. I do. Look at those breasts."
Rosie stood, stuck out her breasts and gazed with pride at perfect creamy globes.
"Chicken fillets, honey. Plus I'm boned, lifted and separated."
Bronte stood in white lacy panties and peered wistfully down the neck of her T-shirt, remembering her ex-fiancé's withering comments on her lack of 'a rack.'
"Mine look like fried eggs."
Rosie grinned and held up a black floaty number in pure silk. "Your boobs are pert, they don't sag. I could never wear a sexy backless number like this, but then you'd look good in a bin liner. Bitch."
Used to her friend's thought processes, Rosie always wanted what she didn't have, namely poker straight hair, five more inches and to be lean and mean.
Bronte ignored the comment and ran a critical eye over the dress.
"The problem with that one is underwear. Even a thong leaves a line." She took it from Rosie, frowned into the mirror and held it up against her. It was gorgeous, an impulse buy, never worn.
Rosie lifted the flowing skirt of Bronte's dress.
"It's lined and floor length. Don't wear panties. Who's to know?"
Stripping off her T-shirt, Bronte stepped into the cool silk. From the front it wasn't particularly revealing. A spaghetti strap hooked over each shoulder leaving her back naked. It was a dress made for sin. She had no idea what she'd been thinking when she bought it. Shimmying out of tiny panties she checked out the back in the full length mirror. The dress sat snugly above her buttocks.
"I don't know." She bit down hard on her bottom lip. "I feel naked."
Worse, she felt vulnerable, torn between adoring the dress and being scared to death. Dinner with Nico wearing this was asking for trouble. Especially after the way he'd been looking at her this afternoon. And yet was she going to deny herself the chance to flirt with a man who set her hormones on fire?
Rosie lifted a brow and shook her head, hands on her hips.
"You know, I don't get you at times."
Bronte met her friend's eyes in the mirror and raised a brow.
"You don't?"
Rosie's expression was quizzical. "It's been almost two years since you've had activity of a sexual nature."
Here we go again; Bronte suppressed a long suffering sigh. Keen to avoid a debate about her lack of a love life, she released newly shampooed hair and rubbed her scalp.
Then she picked up a hair brush and turned to Rosie who'd plonked herself on the bed.
"You're obsessed with sex. And your point is?"
"I'm only obsessed with sex because I'm not getting any," Rosie muttered, then added before Bronte could interrupt, "Anyway, I'm not talking about me. My point is an incredible man looked as if he could swallow you whole this morning. And you lost the ability to remember your name."
Bronte sat on the bed with a bump. Perhaps the whole dinner thing was a bad idea.
Even though the physical attraction couldn't be denied, she didn't need all these conflicting emotions or the complications a man like Nico would bring into her life. She rummaged around her small clutch bag and found her Blackberry.
"I'll tell him I'm ill, a migraine." Bronte rose, paced back and forth as her friend watched her with big eyes and an even bigger grin. "No, I'll leave a message with Alexander to tell him I'm unwell and I can't make it."
"Bronte Ludlow, you're running scared. Talk to me," Rosie ordered.
She kept pacing. "My skin feels too tight for my body."
Rosie scowled. "You mean he creeps you out?"
Bronte shook her head, her brows knitted as she tapped the phone on the palm of her hand.
"No, just the opposite. There's a strong connection. Too strong. I don't like how it makes me feel."
"For goodness sake, woman, get a grip. It's only dinner with the man. It's not as if Nico Ferranti is in the market for a wife. He's the king of love them and leave them. He's never been engaged and he's never been married."
Bronte simply stared at her.
"And how do you know all this?"
"Google is my friend," Rosie said, without embarrassment or shame.
"You searched him on the internet?"
"Of course. My best friend is being chased by a lovely Latin. I want to know all about him."
"You need to stop sniffing out men for me, I mean it."
"I do not sniff out men for you." Ignoring Bronte's snort, Rosie continued, "Well, okay, I'll admit to keeping a weather eye open for a likely candidate. But you snagged this one on your own. Go, Bronte!"
"You watch too many American sitcoms."
"They're the best. You would've done the same for me." Rosie told her, and then thought for a moment. "Or maybe not. You have nothing to worry about, my dear Bronte. Nico is not a keeper. He's perfect for you."
"I'm not sure. He only wants one thing."
She sank onto the bed.
Rosie held up her hands in a 'whatever' sign.
"Yeah. Trust me on this. It's not only bricks and mortar." Rosie caught her hand and looked into her eyes. "You deserve to have fun, remember all work and no play makes you a dull girl. I put good money on it Nico is a fully paid up member of the screaming orgasm club. You could do with a couple of those to exorcise that low life scumbag, Jonathan." She leaned back, raised her eyebrows. "What's with the face?"
Bronte wrinkled her nose.
"We're getting ahead of ourselves, my dear Rosie. It's the idea that I deserve him."
Her friend blinked. "You don't deserve to be happy or have fun?"
"I am happy. I'm a single healthy female who is mature enough to have a physical relationship when she feels like it," she said in a prim tone that made her friend grin.
As soon as the words were uttered, she knew they were a lie. She'd never been able to detach her emotions from any form of intimacy.
But it was time for her to get real. Jonathan's words came back to haunt her. She needed to be more responsive to a man instead of just lying there, he'd told her. How was it his fault if she couldn't satisfy him and Annabel could? But what had thrown her completely was the fact she hadn't been as upset as she should have been when he dumped her.
Honesty made her wonder if she'd agreed to marry him just to keep her parents happy, and if true, how pathetic was that? They'd adored the Honourable Jonathan Whitfield. Since he was from the 'right' background he'd been perfect for her, they'd said. But she was not the right lineage or pedigree for him now, was she?
Bitterness grabbed her by the throat and squeezed her lungs. She was a cuckoo placed through lies and deceit into the wrong nest. With stubborn determination, she decided not to think about it now.
Avoiding her fears went against her nature, but her whole world had tilted on its axis and until she found her feet again she refused to think about the truth she had another father in the world. A man, she'd learned of in the cruellest way, with no idea he had a daughter.
Her eyes stung, what on earth was she worrying about? Nico was a playboy and she was acting like a simpering virgin. Perhaps she should take a leaf out of her dead mother's book and toss her knickers in his lap.
Rosie frowned, dark eyes scanning her face. "I've upset you, haven't I?"
"No, I hear what you're saying." She blinked, resting her head on Rosie's shoulder. "I'm living life the way I want to these days."
After all, it wasn't as if she was promiscuous, she'd only ever known one man. And at twenty-six wasn't that simply pitiful?
Rosie leaned back on the bed and took a long hard look at her. "You're still struggling with what that bastard Jonathan did to you, aren't you?"
Bronte shook her head. "I'm struggling with the fact I wasn't honest with myself or with him. I would have settled for a relationship that was fundamentally flawed and I just can't get past it. What the hell was I thinking?" She gave a sad smile as Rosie continued to stare.
"Hmm, but you didn't marry him. I don't understand why you keep beating yourself up over it." Rosie's anxious eyes stayed on hers. "What's going on?"
"I don't feel like me these days."
Rosie rolled to her side and leaned on her elbow, her dark head rested on her hand.
"Okay, I get that. Life's certainly been throwing you a few curves recently. You want for yourself what your parents had. I don't know how many times I've heard you say it."
Bronte avoided her friend's eye and plucked at her dress. "My parents lived a lie. I trusted them, I believed in them and they lied to me." Her eyes met Rosie's and by her expression of disbelief, she wasn't getting through to her.
Her friend shook her head, her dark eyes full of worry and concern.
"Your parents adored you. I was there too and I saw how much they loved each other. Every marriage has its ups and downs, Bronte. Whatever happened nearly twenty-eight years ago, they got past it. You need to get past it too."
She stabbed a finger at Rosie. "You see, that's just it. I can't get past it. So I'm living in the moment, rather than living in the past or the future." She gave Rosie's fingers a squeeze. "And it's working for me, I'm happy living here." She lifted her chin as Rosie chuckled. "And if Nico is as attracted to me as you seem to think and wants a no strings fling then that's fine with me."
"How long did you practise that little speech?"
"All day."
Rosie slung an arm around her. Her brown eyes filled with love and affection.
"Why don't you wait and see what happens. Go with the flow. And," she added with a truly wicked chuckle, "you have a plentiful supply of condoms, since I've put a box in your evening bag."
"You're a disgrace."
"No, we were girl guides, always be prepared, dib dib dib."


 
Chapter Eight
Nico knew the precise moment Bronte entered the room.
He stood in a quiet corner, where he could keep an eye on the quality of service. He couldn't see her, but he knew with every fibre of his being she had arrived.
If he'd been a romantic he would have said there was a change in the air, a frisson of energy, a connection between them through time and space. Since he knew for certain he didn't have a romantic bone in his body, Nico went with his instincts and his entirely physical reaction.
Blood pooled low in his belly. The music from the live band vibrated through the floor and connected with the hot rhythm of the blood coursing through his veins.
Again, Nico wondered what it was about this woman that affected him on such a visceral level. He struggled to understand it. It was as though common sense had deserted him.
He'd had more than his fair share of incredible women. Along with Alexander, they'd cut a swathe through the capitals of Europe on a search and destroy mission to see who could bed the most promising beauties. He wasn't embarrassed about it, no-one and nothing could touch them and they did no harm. Naturally, he took care of the business end of sex personally. No little surprises for him. Ahh, those were the days. But tonight the memories almost embarrassed him.
Nico didn't view Bronte in the same way. He didn't see her as a conquest. If anyone had asked him how he saw her he would be hard pressed to answer. Logic did not play any part in his feelings. With Bronte, there was a connection he'd never experienced. Amused with himself and not a little irritated, he wondered if he wasn't going too far too fast.
But then he saw her.
His breath caught in his throat.
Lei e cosi bella.
She was beautiful.
The black silk gown clung to small breasts and narrow hips. As she swung the silver curtain of her hair to one side, she turned and he got a full view of her back, naked and as smooth-as-silk.
His tongue felt thick in his mouth.
A young man, his colour high, dragged Bronte laughing and protesting onto the dance floor. He spun her around, held her back against him thrusting his pelvis in time to the hot beat of the music. The up lights shone through her dress.
Nico couldn't believe what he was seeing. Good God, she was naked. What the hell was she thinking? Eyes narrowing, his mouth a tight line, he stalked towards her. By the time he reached her, three things struck him.
She had no idea that the lights made her dress virtually see through. She was having the time of her life. And he would die a happy man to have her smile at him just like that.
The music segued into a slow romantic number.
With a firm hand he tapped the man on the shoulder, who took one look at his face and relinquished her.
Bronte slid into his arms and it didn't surprise him how good she felt there. Weeping violins filled the air. He placed his hands on her hips and she raised her brows as she stared up into his face. Her palms rested reluctantly on his chest as she leaned away, her back stiff.
"You appear to attract drunken young men." He made the observation with a wry smile. Her breath hitched as he placed her hands around his neck and pulled her close, hip to hip.
Emerald eyes studied him, they held caution and a shy wariness he found incredibly arousing. 
Clearing her throat she said, "He's harmless."
Those big eyes stared into his and he couldn't help it. With a soft murmur Nico buried his face in her hair and inhaled her scent as he swept feather light fingertips from her shoulders to the small indentation above her buttocks. He took his time, enjoying the feel of the silky, fragrant skin. Her sensitive shudder told him she felt it too. The power of their attraction both thrilled and dismayed him. What would it be like to explore her, he wondered, how would she feel under him?
Raising his head, his heart took a stumble as those emerald eyes, drowsy now with desire, stared into his. Bronte's soft bottom lip quivered as her breath hitched.
Something was happening and he was torn between the need to run and the need to explore.
"You have amazingly soft skin." His voice sounded rough to his own ears and he cleared his throat. He wanted nothing more than to take her to his suite and take his time making long, slow, love to her.
Bronte realised she needed to take a step back.
The look in his eyes was a heady mix of possession and predator. That mouth was firm, tense even. The room spun, probably due to the fact she was holding her breath. She inhaled in an attempt to kick-start her brain.
She enjoyed the sensation of his hands on her skin and the tingling at the base of her spine. She enjoyed her cheek pressing to his chest and the feel of the strong beat of his heart. The trouble was she was enjoying it too much. The heat and scent of his body made her mouth water. The hot tugs in her belly and breasts were so seductive.
However, she was more than aware they were in the middle of a dance floor with her friends and acquaintances surrounding them.
Lifting her cheek from his chest, she looked around. Sure enough, she spotted her brother's gimlet eye on them. He stood next to Rosie who watched them, grinning like a fool.
The music changed to a fast number and she stepped back with a small smile of apology.
"I need a drink."
He led her from the dance floor, his eyes narrow and thoughtful and she wished she knew what he was thinking. His hand kept hold of hers, then he drew her firmly to his side in a possessive gesture that had her brother eye him sharply and Rosie's eyebrows shoot into her hairline.
Nico signalled a waiter with a tray, who jumped to attention. He handed her a glass of champagne.
Bronte smiled her thanks, excused herself and moved slowly around the room to mingle with the wedding party.
She needed the time to pull herself together and had absolutely no idea what she said to people. Her entire focus was on Nico, where he was and who he spoke to. Every second she was aware of his dark eyes tracking her every move.
She smiled, chatted and kissed the bride and groom. The bride's mother was a little worse for wear and ordered her husband to dance with Bronte.
Peter Cavendish, an old friend of her late father, led her to the dance floor.
"You look lovely this evening, my dear." His gravelly voice sounded happy and relaxed now his speech was over. He told her he hadn't slept for weeks worrying about it. With a flourish that made her laugh, he twirled her around in an energetic waltz. "Your parents would be proud to see what you and Alexander have achieved, damn proud."
She smiled mistily up into his rugged face.
"They would have just loved this, wouldn't they?"
A weight lifted from her shoulders. Life moved on. Ludlow Hall would never be the same, but Peter was right, her parents would have been proud.
"Absolutely," he replied.
With a quick peck on her cheek, he handed her to Alexander, who led her to the bar.
"What would you like?" He ordered a mineral water for himself and turned to her. His green eyes were filled with concern and she suppressed a sigh.
"Make that two."
Eyeing him over the glass, Bronte braced herself for the lecture. She watched him scan the room, his eyes narrowing when they settled on Nico who was talking to Rosie.
He took a breath and turned, his eyes sharp as a blade met hers.
"What are you doing with Nico?"
She knew that look and bristled. "Dancing."
Alexander gave a grunt, sipped his drink and ran a hand over the back of his neck in a gesture she recognised.
"That wasn't dancing." His eyes stayed on hers. "He'll eat you alive."
With a frown, Bronte met his gaze dead on. "I thought he was your friend? The man who saved the day?"
Alexander pressed the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger.
He appeared to be a man at the end of his tether and Bronte felt alarm slide up her spine. He looked exhausted. Burning eyes met hers and she was shocked at his expression.
"He is not good enough for you. You are so far above him ..."
Baffled, she simply stared. "I don't understand."
"Don't be fooled by the charm and the polish. Underneath it Nico is a street fighter. He's totally ruthless."
"When did you become a snob?"
"Being a snob has nothing to do with it. I've seen him with women, he's not a man I want my sister involved with." When she kept her eyes on his, Alexander took a breath, it was clear to her he was struggling to find the right words. "He is what he is because he grew up hard and he grew up hungry. As a child Nico had a choice, to survive or die. He not only survived, he conquered."
"Surely that's something to be admired, to be proud of?" Her voice was soft with sympathy for Nico the child.
Alexander nodded. "It is. But he has no soft spots. No nurturing or space in his heart for another." His eyes stayed on hers. "He's not for you."
She shook her head. "He's your friend. A friend you trusted your heritage to."
"I trust Nico Ferranti with my life. But not with my sister."
There were times and this was one of them, when Bronte detested her brother's overprotective attitude.
"So, you're warning me off. Honestly, Alexander, do you really think I would be stupid enough to fall for a man like him? I'm not in the market for a long term relationship, am I? What could I offer a man like Nico?"
"Christ, Bronte, I don't want to see you hurt."
"What if I hurt him? Ever thought of that, or am I always the helpless victim in your mind?"
Pain, a deep sorrow, sparked in her brothers eyes. And it burst the balloon of her anger. She was so tired of fighting with him over every little thing. She rested her head on his shoulder and gave him a hug.
"I'm sorry, I know you're worried about me," she told him with a gentle sigh.
His response was to gently pull her hair.
"I'm leaving tomorrow. You can contact me through the office, Julie has my itinerary."
She smiled into eyes that forcibly reminded her of their late father.
"Sounds exciting, Rome, Paris, Barcelona."
"It's work. A spot inspection of a couple of resorts."
The way he said it, made her frown. "Trouble?"
"No." Alexander gave her hair another tug. "I wish you would wait to meet your biological father until I can go with you."
She flicked a look at Nico who was now chatting with the groom.
"I thought you were supportive?"
His smile didn't reach his eyes which held a mix of raw emotions.
"I am." He assured her with a hug and then leaned in. His nose bumped hers. "I am, but surely I'm permitted to worry about my baby sister whom I love very much by the way."
It wasn't a sentiment Alexander Ludlow articulated very often.
Bronte knew how hard it had been for him, coping with the loss of their parents, turning their home into a hotel in the teeth of her fierce opposition, never mind dealing with the fall out of her devastating news and the end of her engagement. He'd been amazing. And she'd been too tied up in herself.
With a small cry she hugged him and they swayed together as she blinked back tears that came to her all too easily these days.
"I love you too."
Alexander drew back, picked up his drink as his eyes searched the room. Bronte followed his gaze and found her own captured by Nico, watching them like a hawk.
Not once did Nico's eyes leave her as she circulated and half an hour later Bronte's nerves were shot to pieces.
"Oh, boy," Rosie whispered in her ear. "Let me know what happens if I don't see you later. I mean it. Give me a ring."
"How are you getting home?"
Rosie gave her a look that was full to the brim of sheer mischief.
"Alexander's taking me."
"Good God, be careful with him, he's my only brother."
Rosie simply gave her a bland look.
"Don't you worry about him. He's big enough to look after himself. He barbecued my ear about your blind date with Anthony."
"You deserved it," Bronte told her.
"You should have told me he hurt you, just wait until I see his sister."
"I handled it myself. He was nursing his thumb the last time I saw him."
"Ah, the Alexander technique. Apparently he's now walking with a limp."
"Brothers," Bronte said in disgust. "When is he going to learn I can fight my own battles?"
"Not him. It was Nico."
Bronte turned shocked eyes on her friend.
"Nico hurt Anthony?"
With big eyes, Rosie nodded. "And he didn't leave a mark. Alexander's very impressed."
Stunned, Bronte simply shook her head.
She turned and rammed straight into Nico who took her arm and led her back to the dance floor without a single word.
The look he had in his eyes for her had the butterflies in her stomach morphing into bats.
 
The band was playing another slow number and he slid her into his arms as if she'd always belonged there.
Her breath hitched again as he placed her hands around his neck.
They fit perfectly and moved together, swaying in time to the music.
When the band struck up a fast number, he spun her out and spun her back with a delighted smile as she laughed into his face.
Then her breath caught as she recognised the raw desire in his eyes.
Alexander's words swirled in her mind.
She was playing with fire and she knew it. But wasn't it about time she lost the good girl image?
"Nico ... I ..."
His finger stilled her mouth, those amazing eyes burned into hers as he rubbed his thumb over her bottom lip. An erotic, almost illicit little thrill shimmied up her spine.
"That is the first time you have said my name," he said, his voice deep with an emotion she didn't recognise.
When she raised an eyebrow, he rubbed her lip.
"Say it again." Heat flooded her cheeks and she stared up at him, confused. "Say it again. Please, Bronte," he murmured in her ear, his breath sending tingles of desire across her cheek.
"Nico."


 
Chapter Nine
 
Nico's gut tightened brutally as her voice, soft and low whispered his name.
Tension travelled up his spine, into his neck and it took him all of four seconds to work out why.
He wanted her too much, it was almost a need. The experience was unexpected and unwanted. Once he kissed her, he told himself, these feelings would pass.
In a slow rhythm his fingertips stroked between her shoulder blades, down the smooth curve of her back and he permitted himself to enjoy the sensation of her soft skin. While his libido warned him to take it easy or it would surge even harder into life. He bent his head. With the scent of neroli and warm female surrounding him, he gave into temptation and nibbled the delicate flesh of her earlobe. Bronte shuddered in his arms with a little gasp, as his tongue licked and his lips kissed the erratic pulse under her ear.
"You are so beautiful, cara."
Low and husky, throbbing with desire, his voice sent arousal shimmering through Bronte's blood.
Her mind spun. Oh yes, it had been too long since a man's cheek caressed hers. She couldn't understand the language he murmured under his breath, but the sentiment and his physical desire for her was clear. His erection pressed into her soft belly. He was a big man and she shuddered. For the first time in a long time, she gave herself permission to relax, enjoy the moment, the sensations and the wonderful dreamlike state as he spun her round.
It took her a couple of heartbeats to realise he'd steered them to the side of the hall.
Nico opened a door behind a screen and whisked her into another room.
Her breath caught in her throat.
"What ...?"
Stunned, she realised it was a private sitting room, a room which used to be her father's library.
Nico's dark eyes, watchful and intense, met hers.
It was one thing to flirt openly with him over dinner in a public place, quite another to be alone with him in a room that held so many happy memories. She went very still as needles of tension prickled her spine. Then she raised her brows in silent question.
"I thought it would be more private for us to have dinner here."
His accent seemed stronger, he appeared even bigger now she was alone with him and Bronte reminded herself that she had no idea who this man was or what he was thinking.
What was she doing?
He took her hand in a comfortable friendly manner.
His eyes held hers so intimately; she shivered as he kissed each finger. A sensation of the room spinning reminded her to breathe. A feeling of being pulled by an invisible force towards him almost overwhelmed her. Whatever this was, whether it was chemistry or a fatal attraction, her instincts told her to take care.
"This is nice."
To give herself space to kick-start her brain, Bronte drew back and wandered about the room, amazed at the transformation.
All the time she was deliciously aware of dark eyes following her as she absorbed the changes this man had made to her home.
The same imposing stone fireplace with a roaring fire in the hearth, along with the high, arched windows were all that was familiar.
In the old days, this room would be heavy with the scent of her father's cigars and comfortable leather sofas the colour of ripe blackberries.
Now heavy silk brocade curtains flowed onto the floor like a golden waterfall, held back by brass holders the size of a dinner plate.
Three spacious sofas upholstered in a rich fabric the colour of autumn leaves hugged a polished oak coffee table the size of a family car. And on the stone floor were dark rugs in matching muted tones.
Huge antique mirrors hung above serving tables which held clear glass vases overflowing with royal red arum lilies.
A dining table, lit with candles was set for two and sat in a small alcove. It was dressed with crystal glasses, white china plates and silver cutlery. It all looked quite lovely. She realised he'd organised a small buffet for them too. Obviously Nico didn't want to be disturbed.
She turned to him as he stood perfectly still watching her.
Bronte sent him a nervous smile.
"This is fabulous." After another attempt at a smile she found herself wondering why he didn't say anything. "You must be pleased with the renovations."
He still hadn't answered, just kept looking at her with that dead on stare and the heat of it was scorching her skin.
Bronte looked at him for an endless moment. She couldn't breathe at the expression in those eyes.
Nico walked towards her. And the jittery nerves in her stomach went crazy.
His eyes, filled with aroused desire, mesmerised her.
He reached out, stroked her cheek. Fingertips, almost feather light, traced her chin, the pulse thundering below her ear, then down the front of her throat towards her breasts.
"Nico, what are you doing?" Her voice sounded too breathy.
"If you need to ask I'm doing something wrong."
He held her hand, those eyes still watching her carefully. She couldn't read his expression. This was moving too fast in one way and not fast enough in another. Not for the first time, she felt he could read her mind.
He brought her fingers to his mouth and nuzzled the tips.
"I am making you nervous, cara. But I can't seem to stop staring at you in that amazing dress. Would you like a drink?"
She shook her head and he held her gently, his hands stroked her bare shoulders and down her arms.
Slowly he tangled his hand in her hair pulling her head back.
Nerves dried up her throat. Why wouldn't her brain function?
"Nico, I don't think this ..."
Those eyes, dark with desire, studied the pulse thundering under her ear and he touched his fingertip to the spot.
"You think too much," he murmured and lowered his head.
He was going to kiss her, thank God.
His mouth stopped a whisper from hers.
Those eyes asked a silent question as they stared into hers.
And she knew it was up to her to take the next irrevocable step.
Bronte swayed and her mouth found his. Her heart was battering against her ribs, resounding in her ears, while his lips gently tasted her. Slowly he took them both, sinking, into a deep drugging kiss. She had no idea it would be like this. It was all there, the power and the strength. She opened her mouth and he tasted her with thoroughness, so seductive, she almost wept. Swaying together, his fingers explored her neck, moved into her hair, gently tipping her head back to deepen the angle of the kiss. She'd heard of lights flashing before a person's eyes, but had never experienced the phenomenon until now.
Nico tasted of pure sin and she loved it. Bronte pressed her body against his, tunnelling her fingers through his hair.
Nico caught her bottom lip between his teeth and she groaned into his mouth.
Through narrowed eyes he watched her eyes mist and go dark. A spear of hot and heedless lust shot straight to his loins. Hard and demanding now, his mouth plundered. 
Even as she dropped away towards surrender, Bronte's fingers gripped his hair and held fast.
She heard him groan in his throat, but the sound was muted by the roar of her frantically beating heart. His body was so hard and powerful, his mouth, so hot and potent. Heat flooded and scorched her body from that one point of contact. His hands explored every inch of her naked back and she gave herself up to the sensations pulsing into her breasts and trembling low in her belly. The need to feed and feed warred with the need to give and give.
Her fingertips constantly explored his silky black hair. God, he felt fabulous. Her breath mingled with his, rasping in her throat and those hands drove her out of her mind as they slid under the fabric of her dress, skimmed under her breasts, teasing and torturing, never touching her aching nipples.
Bronte trembled on the brink of the abyss, ready to leap. A voice screamed in her head demanding to know what she was doing. She didn't even know this man.
Tearing her mouth from his, she gulped in a breath as her world lurched and tipped her out.
"No, Nico ..."
Chest heaving, his heart jack-hammering, Nico laid his forehead on hers.
He'd never meant for it to go so far so fast.
He'd only intended to taste, to enjoy the moment, but it had gone beyond good intentions into something quite, quite different. The silken heat of her mouth, the taste was so sweet; he could have feasted on it.
He closed his eyes shutting out the sight of her, but there was no way to close off his senses, the smell, the taste, or the softness of her silky skin. She was inside him.
A kiss was not nearly enough he realised with dismay as his heart threatened to burst through his ribs. What was supposed to be a light, exploratory kiss designed to lower her defences had turned on him. He'd been ready to prepare her for a long and mutually fulfilling seduction where he set the pace and the tempo. Not this clawing hunger in his loins.
The need to strip her, toss her on the sofa and plunge into her, shocked, even terrified him. He never lost control. Alarm uncoiled in his gut and finally entered his brain.
What was he doing?
Then he lifted his head and looked into her eyes dark and smoky with desire. And he didn't care what he was doing. He kept his fingers on her face, stroking that soft, soft skin.
"You taste so sweet, even better than I imagined." His voice sounded harsh and he cleared his throat to catch his breath. Those fabulous green eyes were huge, dazed with confused arousal and God help him, they almost brought him to his knees. She made him weak. The sensation was a unique experience and Nico found he didn't care for it.
He took a step back.
Bronte's nails dug into the palms of her hands as she fought to control the deep ache of brutal arousal pulsing through her body.
Dizzy, she tried not to be disappointed he'd pulled back.
It was what she wanted wasn't it?
"Nico? I ..."
And she caught her breath as he caught her fingers and brought them to his lips, she realised the shutters had come down over his eyes, they were cooler now.
"As I told you this afternoon, you are full of surprises. Do not look at me like that, cara, or I will take you right here, right now on the floor." He pressed his pelvis into her soft belly in a purely physical move that jerked her emotional antennae to high alert. "See what you do to me?"
He studied her thoroughly as her face burned then the heat drained away.
"Yes," she whispered appalled by what she'd nearly let him do to her. And appalled that she did want him to take her right here and right now. "But, that doesn't mean that I'm going to let you ... I mean, I don't have sex with men I don't know."
"I would say we know each other very well."
"But, that's just a ... a physical reaction."
"Damn right it is." Again he kissed her, this time hard and hot and impatient.
It made her head spin.
"I can't think straight."
"I must admit, Bronte, I am having difficulty thinking myself." He drew back. Holding her hand as his thumb gently rubbed the sensitive skin of her palm winding her body even tighter. "So, what are we going to do about this? Wait until we are both half crazy with lust?"
The Italian lilt in his voice was more pronounced, but the tone whipped over her heightened senses like a lash. Trying not to cringe at the hot edge of frustration in his eyes and voice, she lifted her chin.
"Why should I apologise for not leaping into bed with you? If I prefer to think about it then you should respect my feelings."
"Trust me, I respect your feelings." He rammed his hands in his pockets and paced to the fire and back again. "Why can't you yell at me or throw something? We'd have a good healthy fight and end up on the floor."
"I never yell or throw things."
 He gave a soft laugh and she breathed a sigh of relief he wasn't angry. But it did nothing for her raging hormones. Part of her wished she could get angry with him, be like Rosie and let it all out.
"Come, I hope you are hungry."



Chapter Ten
Bronte was hungry all right and it wasn't for food.
Her brain refused to compute.
She moved like an automaton as he led her to the table, sat her in a chair and poured her champagne.
He sat opposite and gazed as if fascinated into her eyes.
"Tell me about your life, your hopes and dreams, Bronte."
She simply stared at him.
Marshalling her thoughts from a brain still buzzing with the toxic mix of arousal and disappointment, she wondered how on earth she was going to handle this man. What on earth had she been thinking? She hadn't been thinking that was the trouble. Her hormones and a complex, attractive man had got the better of her.
Those dark eyes studied her over the rim of his glass and Bronte felt like an insect pinned to a specimen board.
The selection of food; smoked salmon, tender loin of lamb and vegetables looked wonderful and she was sure it must taste wonderful too. In her mouth it tasted of sawdust. If only she was more experienced and a woman of the world who could handle a man like Nico. If only she was a little more street-wise instead of a provincial fool completely out of her depth and behaving like an unsophisticated moron.
"I am surprised you are not married."
The question brought her head up. Okay he wanted to chat; she could do that, no problem. 
"I had a narrow escape."
Nico speared a pepper and drew back to study her face.
"What happened?"
"Things didn't work out."
"Why?"
Carefully Bronte set down her knife and fork. She didn't want to do this with this man, not now, not ever. What business was it of his? Anger and frustration curled in her stomach. 
"He's moved on." Her eyes stayed on his. "These days I feel a certain amount of ambivalence about marriage. Anyway, what about you? Any family?"
She caught his surprise, the flash of pain and realised she'd touched a nerve.
His gaze clouded.
"I have no family." The words were spoken as a challenge. "We are talking about you."
The look in his eye warned her to step back. He couldn't have it all his own way. It simply wasn't healthy. Someone needed to take a stand against his incredible will.
She ploughed right on.
"No, you are talking about me. I'm talking about you. No mother, father, siblings?"
He shot her a look of smouldering impatience mixed with something dark she couldn't identify.
"My mother died when I was ten. I never knew who my father was."
Immediately contrite, her hand found his. Easy sympathy for him flooded her heart; she knew exactly how it felt not to know her biological father.
"Oh, Nico, I am so sorry. What happened?"
He pulled his hand from hers and picked up his glass, took a sip and stared at her with eyes that had gone so cold she shivered.
"I was a child. It is not something I care to discuss. As I said, we are talking about you."
She held his stare and their eyes clashed. Okay, have it your way, she thought. With a bravado she knew she didn't possess, she shrugged.
"What would you like to know?"
"Did you love him?"
Thrown by the blunt question, Bronte opened her mouth and then found herself being totally honest.
"I don't know. At the time I must have thought so or I wouldn't have said yes to his proposal. He's incredibly attractive and intelligent with the fidelity of a tom-cat. He thought my family had money, which made him a fool and me an even bigger one for believing in him. I suppose it's better to find out before we tied the knot rather than after."
She heaved in an unsteady breath and sampled a sliver of lamb.
"He cheated on you?"
His shocked tone made her smile and feel marginally better.
"Apparently, with the girl who is now his wife. I learned something very interesting about myself too."
His eyes never left her face. "Which was?"
"I don't forgive betrayal."
Nico ran his tongue over his top teeth, picked up his glass and sat back.
"What did you do?" A gleam entered his eye as a hot flush rose to her cheeks.
Licking her lips, she stared at her plate.
"Well, he asked for his ring back and the way he did it and the things he said, I ..." She took another breath.
"What did you do, Bronte?"
Her eyes met his - she spoke very fast,
"I sold my two carat princess cut diamond set in white gold on eBay for ten pounds."
His shout of laughter gave her a jolt. As did the soft kiss he pressed to the back of her hand.
"Good girl."
She merely shrugged and nibbled delicately on another piece of lamb.
"He got his own back. He has a clever tongue and a sly charm. People think I started Sweet Sensation because I'm destitute and have no other skills to fall back on. They also believe I'm single and I don't date because he broke my heart and I'll never get over him."
"Hmm, so is that why you went out on a date last night? To prove that you are over him?"
Heat flared into her cheeks.
"No. Apparently Anthony's sister approached Rosie."
He took a sip of wine, watching her over the rim of his glass.
"Is Rosie the type of friend that would say you were, and I quote, gagging for it?"
With a shocked gasp, she stared at him. Any guilt she might have felt that Nico had hurt Anthony drained away.
"Of course not. Is that what he said?"
He nodded. "He is a man who cannot hold his liquor. You should have no trouble from him." That piercing look was back in his eyes. "Why are you single and do not date?"
He had her there. Of course there was no way she could tell him the truth.
That she had too much emotional baggage to take into a relationship. That until she knew who she was and where she came from and made some sort of peace with it, how could she commit herself to a man?
Mind a complete blank. She said the first thing that came into her head,
"I suppose I'm looking not to get hurt. As I said, I will never marry."
"I don't believe you."
"Excuse me?"
Nico merely shrugged at her icy tone.
"You are not a coward, you will love again. And you would make a wonderful wife."
She ignored the weight pressing on her lungs at the wonderful wife comment and forced herself to keep her tone light.
"To be honest, I'm too busy to date. Work keeps me sane."
"You make wedding cakes and attend weddings. Yet you say you will never marry." He took another sip of his wine. "It makes no sense." He placed the glass on the table. She watched his fingers as they found hers.
Nico appeared to be genuinely interested.
But then her track record in reading men was not one to be proud of was it? Her fiancé's scathing remarks about her lack of sexual experience and the things he'd told her he needed from a 'real' woman still had the ability to make her feel physically ill.
She wouldn't fall for the charming routine, not again.
"You have smooth moves, Mr Ferranti." Bronte removed her hand and clenched it in her lap to stop the trembling. "My love life and how I live my life is none of your business."
"So, why wedding cakes?" He persisted.
"It makes me happy. I don't suppose you would understand that."
"You are not happy?"
Frustrated with him in more ways than one, Bronte took a breath and tried to explain.
"It's about capturing the moment. You know, when they hold hands and cut the cake and the look in his eyes for her. It's special."
He smiled in a way that brought her back up.
"Ah, you are a romantic. The trouble is these things never last."
Stung, she glared at him.
"There are no guarantees in life." She should know. "But I'm a part of the celebration of their love, the promises and the dreams."
He gave her a level look.
"And you do not want that for yourself?"
"I thought I had it for myself."
Something bitter lodged in her throat. Fury buzzed in her ears. She threw her napkin on the table. She'd had it all; the career, a close and happy family and a wonderful man who was safe, she thought. The road to their future all mapped out in front of them. Then the horror of losing her parents; the rejection from the man who said he loved her, the letter from her dead mother, the terrible discovery that...
The unexpected softness in his eyes as he watched her struggle to come to terms with her demons was an appalling temptation. Bronte almost wanted to tell him. This man was a complete stranger to her, so why did she feel the need to unburden herself to him of all people? It must be the wine she rationalised.
Trembling, she rose. "I'm leaving."
He moved fast as she headed for the door, caught her and turned her into his arms.
"I am sorry for prying. I did not mean to upset you." He muttered into her hair as she closed her eyes.
No way was Bronte going to let him cut through her defences. He was an expert at seduction. She could sense it. She couldn't think clearly when he touched her.
Nico caught her face between his hands, dark eyes searched her face and his thumb rubbed her bottom lip.
Bronte almost groaned, had to clench her jaw to remain calm.
"I am sorry," he said.
Bronte read the truth and genuine regret in those grey eyes before she nodded and he let her go.
"I'm going home."
"Let us go dancing instead. What do you say?"
For the first time in her life, Bronte honestly felt that she was simply not on the same page as another human being. He'd kissed her as if she was the most wonderful woman in the world and then stepped back. She'd just unravelled in front of him. She'd barely been able to restrain herself from spilling out grief, sadness and fear. And now he wanted to go dancing? The man gave her emotional whiplash.
She swayed on her feet while he watched her with a gentle intensity. Why did he have to look so gorgeous? Those eyes, they hypnotised her and made her forget everything but the need to be with him. She let out a barely audible sigh and told herself she was a bloody fool.
"That would be nice."



Chapter Eleven
There was nothing worse than being confused.
Nico had been the perfect host Bronte mused as he drove her home. Insisting on dancing every dance and holding her close, just not too close. As if he wanted to give her a bit of space to recover from her earlier turmoil.
Yet she still felt hurt. And why shouldn't she? Yes, she'd been the one to put a halt to their intimacy, but he hadn't put up much of a fight, had he? One minute he was all over her the next he held back. It wasn't every day she had an earth shattering kiss.
She slanted a look at him.
His hard jaw was firm, his attention fully focused on the road ahead. The Bentley slid into her driveway and he brought it to a stop outside her door and turned off the engine. 
Fingers tapping the steering wheel Nico didn't look at her as they sat in silence.
Bronte decided to make an effort.
"Would you like a coffee?" And hoped she didn't sound pathetic and desperate.
He appeared not to have heard her, his attention riveted straight ahead.
Okay, it was better to find out that someone was moody ahead of time. She'd simply draw a line under this evening and put it down to experience.
Her hand fumbled for the door handle as she struggled to keep her voice cool and unconcerned.
"Well, thank you for an interesting evening."
She turned to leave and his hand lay heavy on her shoulder.
"We need to talk." His deep voice was stiffly polite.
Frowning, Bronte stared at him.
His face was blank as he studied the steering wheel as if it held the answer to world peace.
"I'm listening," she told him, nudging him along.
"I do not know what to do about you."
"You've lost me."
"I cannot alienate Alexander. He is my friend. He will not approve if we have a relationship and things are already tense between you."
Irritation with her brother and with Nico made her voice harsh.
"My brother does not run my life. Although he's doing his level best to interfere in every single thing. If anything happens between us, Nico, we should be adult enough to deal with it." And she hoped to God she could take her own advice.
"I am not like you." Clenching his jaw, he stared into the night.
She blinked, trying to read his hard features.
"Okay."
Then he turned to her and took a huge breath.
"Unlike you, I was not born with certain privileges. I have seen things that you can never imagine. I am not a man who needs or wants a wife, children or commitment. I am committed to myself and my business. That is it."
He took her hand and furious grey eyes glared into hers.
Her brows winged into her hairline.
"That's it?"
Studying her hand, he frowned, his finger stroking the sensitive soft skin of her palm. The move sent hot sizzles of awareness to every erogenous zone in her body. 
"You must understand I cannot give you what you need."
"And you're the expert on what I need?"
She removed her hand from his. And read doubt, confusion in his dark eyes. Well, that made two of them. What made him think she wanted anything more than a fling?
"Nico, I don't see you as husband or even boyfriend material. Frankly, you would be the last man I would choose as a life partner if I wanted one. And you don't have to do anything about me. I'll decide if and when I want to take a man, not just you, to my bed."
She almost laughed out loud at his expression. God, this conversation was so liberating, she should have put her cards on the table years ago and saved herself all the heartache. Why the indignant look of outrage? He seemed to have been rendered speechless in fact, so she ploughed on.
"I don't want complications either. Believe me, my life is complicated enough." She shrugged in a way she hoped would show him she was a woman of the world and well used to dealing with this kind of situation.
Bronte gathered her courage.
"I'm attracted to you. Call it an itch if you like."
She patted his hand.
"An Itch?" He stared at her hand in amazement.
And told herself she must have imagined the fury in his voice.
On a roll now and enjoying herself, Bronte sat back.
"Absolutely. And if you would like to ...."
The rest of the sentence was lost as his mouth punished hers.
This time there was no softness no seduction.
Nico took, he demanded and she was with him all the way. 
When he raised his head he looked as if he wanted to strangle her.
"Get out of the car." The tone was harsh and his accent stronger as he thrust open the door.
He stalked around to her side, hauled her out and marched her to the door.
Stunned, upset and absolutely furious, Bronte twisted futilely in his strong grip.
He was angry because she agreed with him? Typical! One rule for the male and one rule for the female.
"Let go of me! You're so typical of the type of man who expects the little woman to be sitting panting by the phone waiting for him to call. Well let me tell you I'm not one of those doormats you can wipe your feet on. You're being ridic..."
He held up a finger.
She received the warning in those dark eyes loud and clear and closed her mouth with a snap almost giving herself lock-jaw.
Just who the hell did he think he was?
Hot tears blurred her vision.
She fumbled her keys, dropping them in the porch.
With a harsh expletive Nico picked them up and plunged the key into the lock.
Heart thundering in her ears Bronte felt torn between excitement and terror as he thrust her through the door.
Nico kicked it shut, threw the keys onto the hall table. A single lamp lit his face. Sheer temper glittered in his eyes. Her wrap was torn from her shoulders.
Nico tugged off his jacket, tossing it on a chair and grabbed her. Hot and demanding his mouth plundered, ravished hers. God, it was terrifying and wonderful at the same time.
His body slammed hers against the door. Bronte couldn't breathe, couldn't think. Panic, desire and excitement whirled in her mind. His tongue forced its way into her mouth replicating the thrust of mating and she moaned as her mind was wiped clean.
Ruthlessly his knee spread her legs, his thigh pressing against her centre. Rough hands pulled down the straps of her dress as he burned a trail of hot hard kisses down her throat.
Nico groaned, exposing her breasts as she gasped in excited shock. That mouth suckled and teeth tugged a too sensitive nipple, sending waves of liquid heat between her thighs. She trembled uncontrollably as he lifted her dress above her waist. Big strong hands cupped the cheeks of her bare bottom, kneading the soft flesh.
And Bronte froze. "No!"
Her frantic cry reverberated around the hall like a gunshot.
Chest heaving Nico immediately released her and stepped back. Her face was deathly pale. Eyes blinking, Bronte's slim fingers trembled on swollen lips and he recognised shock when he saw it.
Self disgust roiled in his stomach. Christ, what was he doing? But she wanted him. He could taste her arousal, her desire.
"I thought you were... I thought you wanted..." He couldn't breathe.
Hands not quite steady, he pulled up the bodice of her dress, smoothed down her skirt.
Able to move at last, Bronte slapped a hand on his chest.
Fury surged, thundered in her head and she could only stare into eyes that were darker than night.
"You thought what? That I'm easy, a slut?"
"No. I never thought such a thing."
"Liar." Her breath sobbed in her throat and it infuriated her. "I know I said I had an itch. But I didn't for a moment mean ..." She heaved in an unsteady breath. "You had no right to kiss me, touch me like that."
Those eyes terrified her. They were too dark now, too intense.
"We are attracted to each other. Look at you, your body desires mine," he said in a harsh voice.
"That doesn't mean I ... that I'm ready to ..."
She folded her arms across throbbing nipples and realised with dismay that she was near to tears.
Nico took a steady breath and stepped into her.
"Cara, I am sorry." Voice soothing, his fingers stroked up and down her arms. "But why do you not wear panties? It was obvious this evening."
Mortification scorched her face.
Bronte's fingers clenched as she closed her eyes.
"How did you ...?"
"The lights on the dance floor," he told her.
The room spun and a roaring sounded filled her ears as Nico put a strong arm around her waist.
"Come, cara, sit down," he said.
Nico led her into the sitting room and Bronte sank onto the sofa.
With a low moan she held her head in her hands.
There must have been over two hundred people there this evening.
Nausea seized her stomach as a wave of nervous exhaustion overwhelmed her.
Crouching in front of her with his eyes keen on her face Nico rubbed her hands.
"Don't worry. You could only tell from the front."
Bronte rolled her eyes to heaven. So that was why he held her so close to him when they were dancing?
"Oh well, that's all right then."
Furious with him, but mostly with herself for being a fool, she glared.
"But why?" He repeated the question.
She moaned into her hands.
"Because of panty line and Rosie said ..." For the love of God too much information Bronte, too much information. She waved her hands in front of her. "Forget it. It's my own fault."
A hasty cough whipped her head up. Amusement quickly faded from his eyes.
He found her funny?
Pride and dignity rode to Bronte's rescue.
"This whole fiasco is a bad idea. I apologise for giving you the wrong impression." She kept her voice low and her eyes on his.
Those dark eyes filled to the brim with arousal and desire held hers with an intensity that made her shiver.
What had she been thinking to get involved with this man? No way did she have the skills required to deal with him. She wasn't sexually experienced enough for him. She didn't understand the nuances or the sophistication of the game. And it was a game to him, she was sure of it.
Her eyes narrowed as he sent her a slow, sexy smile.
"It has been a long day, cara mia. You need rest."



 
Chapter Twelve
After a sleepless night Bronte decided she wasn't going to let a mere man get under her skin.
Padding into the kitchen the message light on her answer machine beckoned. Pressing play she listened to three messages consisting of a long silence and the receiver being hung up. She frowned, a wrong number?
She shrugged and how embarrassing had last night been? Nico had morphed into Mr Polite and 'please do not worry.' Don't worry? The whole county now knew that Bronte Ludlow was shameless, never wore panties and was happy to prove it to hundreds of guests at a society wedding.
Here she was at eight o'clock on Sunday morning and wide awake thanks to a cold shower and a certain Italian who'd been the central figure in several hot and steamy dreams.
She tied her hair up in an untidy knot on the top of her head. In black yoga pants, cashmere socks and matching thick sweater, she did the only thing that relieved stress, she baked. A stainless steel mixing bowl clanged onto the work surface and she got to work. In no time the smell of cinnamon, apples and brown sugar filled the kitchen.
And she felt marginally better after a coffee.
Sunday mornings were usually spent lounging around in her cosiest pyjamas, catching up with the latest cake designs. Talking of which, she pulled a large sketch pad out of a drawer and grabbed a pencil. Janine Brooke-Stockton wanted a dramatic black and white theme for her cake? Then that's exactly what she would get. Fifteen minutes later the sketch took shape, but Bronte's weary mind refused to focus.
Flipping over to a new page, she drew her tormentor's face with quick, precise strokes. Absently, she spent time getting the mouth just right, highlighting the high cheekbones and working to get the super confident expression in those dark, dark eyes just right.
So what if her intuition told her something else was going on under that wonderful face. He had a tortured dark angel look and she had absolutely no intention of getting involved with him on an emotional level.
Annoyed with herself and her fixation with a fabulous looking man she drew horns sprouting from the top of his head, gave him a pitch fork and made his eyes diabolical.
The oven pinged and she slid out her apple upside down cakes onto a wire rack.
With lust curling in her belly, her eyes were drawn like a magnet to her sketch. When she'd danced with him it had been magical. Had she ever been touched or kissed like that? Never. Okay, he'd been a pain when he wanted to know all about her life and yet kept schtum about his own. He'd been hurt at some point, she'd felt it as she'd recognised his pain.
The scene in the hallway gave her goose bumps goose bumps. Yes, he'd been rough with her and that was totally unacceptable behaviour. But he'd pulled back immediately. Part of her had actually enjoyed it and what did that say about her? It said she was a pathetic excuse for a female. But God, his hands knew exactly where to go, what to do.
Son-of-a-bitch, she nearly snarled at the drawing. He probably had a woman in every city. Alexander had mentioned Nico was popular with the ladies. No surprises there, some of the women at the wedding had been virtually panting after him. Pathetic. She firmly pushed aside her own panting response last night to his undoubted sexual prowess with a grimace of shame. And what would her brother think about his sister practically having sex up against her front door with his friend and business partner? She closed her eyes. Poor Alexander, he'd looked so stressed last night, if he got wind of her behaviour with Nico, he would be frantic. Hadn't she put him through enough? Her tired brain segued into another issue. He'd been her rock, along with Rosie, when her whole life had been turned upside down.
Don't think about it - not today.
But her mind refused to let it go.
Her dreams were still haunted by the scene.
She'd been in a hurry singing along to a song on the radio and drove her car round a bend and into a scene from the bowels of Hell. Straight into teams of Police, Ambulance and Fire crews desperately fighting to release the shattered remains of her parents from their car. She'd never forget, couldn't forget, the smell of petrol, the roar of power tools and men shouting. And the smell of death.
The trauma of the loss of her parents had been nightmare enough, but then had come the discovery of a letter.
She knew it by heart.
Bronte, my darling,
You have been a joy to us since the day you were born. Even now when we look at you, we can't believe we've been so lucky to have you as our daughter.
Every marriage has its tough times and ours has been no different. Twelve months before you were born, we separated for a time. Hindsight is a great thing and we now realise we were too young to handle the responsibilities of running the estate. Duty came to us too early after the death of your grandfather.
Both of us were to blame for what happened. Your mother found solace and badly needed affection in the arms of another for a time. We came to our senses and realised we still desperately loved and cared for each other. But your mother was already pregnant. We want to make it clear that we never, ever thought of terminating the pregnancy. You have always been much wanted and much loved.
If you are reading this it means we've left this earth too soon, before we found the courage to tell you to your face.
Your biological father has no idea of your existence. That is a decision we have come to regret, but we made it when we were young and once done it could not be undone.
Your biological father is Carl Terlezki. He is a wonderful man who cared very deeply for your mother at a vulnerable time in her life.
We hurt too many people all those years ago. And now we have to hurt you too. We are so sorry, my darling.
What you do with this information is entirely up to you, Bronte, but we hope you contact Carl and show him this letter. Perhaps finding each other will bring joy to you both. Please find it in your hearts to forgive us for keeping you apart.
Your loving parents.
They'd been so close, had shared so much.
Why hadn't they told her?
She had so many questions and too many words were left unsaid.
Then the problem with the will had arisen and the inheritance because she wasn't a Ludlow. Her parent's had left her The Dower House, but Ludlow Hall would need to be sold. And then she'd had to deal with her fiancé's decision that they were too young to settle down. He hadn't attended the funeral, saying it was a 'private, family matter.' What kind of person did something like that to someone they were supposed to care about?
The room swam as tears gathered behind her eyes. Her throat tightened. Furious with herself she blinked them away.
She'd researched Carl Terlezki. Google wasn't just Rosie's friend.
The man who stared at her from her laptop was in his mid-sixties, slim, tanned and still handsome. He had a thick shock of white hair and apparently was a wealthy financier and a man who raised millions for good causes. Although he appeared to have had relationships, he'd never married nor had children. At least none he acknowledged publicly.
She'd put his face on her screensaver just to torture herself. What if he didn't want to know her? What if he thought she was after his money? What did she want from him? In spite of her parent's lying to her she'd had an idyllic childhood. She still felt angry with them, the sense of betrayal a weeping sore in her heart.
So she'd sent a tentative letter keeping it vague, telling him about her parent's death and the discovery of a letter. Might she meet him to discuss it? The reply had taken weeks since the letter had got caught up in other correspondence. Carl had asked her to phone him and she had done, less than forty eight hours ago. She was due to meet him on tomorrow morning at his office in the City. By his tone he sounded intrigued; he assumed she wanted him to donate funds to a worthy cause. He'd be delighted, he said, to meet the daughter of such a wonderful woman.
Bronte had no idea what she was going to say to him and Alexander was not happy about the situation. Her brother didn't want to stir up a scandal, old news from the past that would certainly hit the headlines and smear the family name. She could understand it, but for too many months she'd struggled with what was the right thing to do. Doing nothing was not an option. So she'd taken the decision to play it by ear. Give Carl Terlezki the letter and gauge his reaction to the news. What was the worse that could happen?
No more tears, she told herself ruthlessly as she stared now at the drawing of Nico Ferranti.
She wanted him desperately, but was honest enough with herself to realise that if she took, she may lose something too - a fundamental part of who she was. Nico would never understand her.
Bronte bit into another cake, topped up her coffee, still staring at the drawing. Surely a fling or an affair would hurt no-one? An affair sounded more sophisticated, less sleazy. After all, her heart wasn't involved. With a man like Nico, who knew the score, she could have fun. He'd spelt it out clearly last night and so had she. Therefore there was no risk to her or to him. She could experience things other women took for granted without a second thought. He wanted her and she wanted him. They were single, unattached and free to do as they wished.
Feeling more settled Bronte rose and boogied her hips; there was another way to relieve stress.
She plugged her iPod into her surround sound system, selected Rihanna and flicked it up to full volume.
Life, she told herself, was too damned short not to have fun.
 


Chapter Thirteen
Nico lay on his back, his heart bucking.
Remnants of an erotic dream featuring Bronte in the starring role tortured his mind and his body.
In a fluid movement he jack-knifed off the bed, slapped on the bathroom light, blinking at the man in the mirror. And he took a shaky breath. He was so hard he could barely breathe. His pupils were dilated, full of arousal as well as a dazed bewilderment. Perspiration beaded on his forehead and his skin felt clammy and damp. He was an experienced man of the world, not seventeen and unable to control himself.
Under a freezing shower, he fought to come to terms with the last forty-eight hours. If he believed in magic he would swear she had bewitched him. His bones ached for her. She made him weak and that was simply not acceptable.
Never had a woman affected him like this.
Fury pulsed through his blood as he shivered under the onslaught of icy needles beating his physical response to the dream into submission.
With a towel slung around his hips, he stalked into the bedroom.
How the hell was he supposed to work, concentrate on running his business if he couldn't get a decent nights sleep? When was the last time he'd spent the night tossing and turning with dreams of wild sex with a gorgeous blonde? Never.
He snapped on briefs. Digging out jeans from his closet, he hauled them on and tugged a cream sweater over dripping hair. She'd been sending him mixed signals since he met her. He rammed his feet into Tod's loafers. He couldn't believe it when she was dancing with that young man and he realised she wore absolutely nothing under her dress.
Grabbing his car keys, Nico opened the door and strode down the hotel hallway to the first floor. He took the steps two at a time. Then he stopped dead when the memory of those huge eyes full of spitting fury and aroused confusion tortured him again.
It made him feel physically ill each time he thought of her trembling against the door.
He'd been too rough with her.
And whose fault was that?
Itch? He continued down the stairs. He would give her an itch all right. She was attracted to him was she? And he could give it a little scratch could he? And she would have men whenever she liked would she?
What was she thinking talking about herself like that?
Which was an unfortunate thought he realised when lust burned in his groin. 
He closed the car door with a thud and jabbed the key in the ignition.
Once they made love, he assured himself, this anomaly would pass and he would return to normal. The Bentley screeched down the driveway. Little witch.
The car purred to the rear of The Dower house.
He checked the time. Too early? Too bad.
Stepping out of the car, the scent of warm apples, sugar and cinnamon poured across his senses.
Pure annoyance fired his blood pressure again.
She made cakes while he suffered the agonies of hell.
The building throbbed and boomed with the bass of a pop song.
Nico lifted his hand to knock the door and then shrugged; she'd never hear him over the noise. Ignoring the little voice that told him he was invading her privacy he tried the handle and opened the door.
Strolling into the house he cocked his head.
She was singing.
No, that could never be called singing, more like howling or screeching.
And he winced as her shriek didn't make a long top note.
Nico stepped into the kitchen and every particle of angry frustration drained away.
Oblivious she had an audience to her hips bumping and grinding, Bronte stripped off her top, swung it around her head and tossed it.
The sweater sailed through the air to land at his feet.
Nico picked it up without taking his eyes from her.
Absently, he rubbed the wool between his fingers. Absorbing the warmth from her body and inhaling her scent.
She wore black fitness pants slung low, low on her hips, a short skinny vest with no bra and bare feet.
Still blissfully unaware of his presence, she shook her bottom.
Blonde hair, piled in an incredibly sexy knot on top of head, accentuated that long delicate neck. Her ears, small and perfect, hugged her scalp.
Nico grinned as he spotted a black sock over the kettle and another in the middle of the fruit bowl. Rihanna blasted through the speakers telling everyone to please don't stop the music.
Please don't he begged leaning his shoulder against the door frame to enjoy the show. Guilt that he was witnessing something terribly private elbowed him in the ribs, but Nico ignored it. He wouldn't have missed this for the world. God knew she couldn't sing but the girl had moves.
Skipping to a fridge, her tight little bottom wiggled in perfect time to the beat and Nico bit down hard on a knuckle.
With a bottle of water as a microphone the fabulous Ms Ludlow step-touched with a sexy swing of her hips, shook her booty and strutted her stuff.
Spinning round he saw her stunning face was flushed with exertion.
She opened her eyes and saw him.
Those fabulous eyes bugged out of her head.
Jogging frantically on the spot Bronte screamed her lungs out.
Pure reflex had him catch the bottle that almost beaned him between the eyes.
"You bastard!" She was on him like a wildcat.
A flying fist caught him on the chin as she clung to his back.
An arm locked him in a strangle hold.
Endless legs wound around his waist like a vice.
"Christ, Bronte, stop."
Roaring with laughter, Nico couldn't catch his breath.
His eyes watered as she did her best to rip his hair out of his scalp.
When her teeth sank into his shoulder, he yelled, "Okay, that's it!"
"How dare you come into my home?" Through clenched teeth her voice growled in his ear, "You almost gave me a heart attack."
She made a determined effort to twist his earlobe off and he'd had enough.
Nico landed back against a wall. Her breath whooshed from her lungs.
He spun, pinned her arms above her head and pressed his body against hers.
Her knee thrust missed unmanning him by a whisker.
Panting now, her eyes spat green fire into his.
The feel of her struggling under him sent blood racing to his loins.
Those eyes grew wary now.
She trembled and not just from fury.
"Let me go. I mean it."
Her voice was high as her breath heaved in short bursts and he couldn't take his eyes from her mouth. Her heart bucked against his and the scent of her shampoo and pure Bronte made his mouth water. A pink tongue licked her top lip and he wanted, needed, to taste, to take.
A soft whimper made him look into her eyes and what he saw there, arousal battling with alarm, made him stop.
He'd already taken a misstep with her last night and he wasn't going to take another.
Chest heaving Nico released her and moved back, palms up in a gesture of peace.
She needed to take a minute.
Her heart was threatening to implode in her chest and Bronte thought she was going to have a heart attack. For a second she'd thought he wasn't going to let her go then when he had she'd been disappointed. Her emotions were all over the place.
What the hell was wrong with her?
And how much of that little exhibition had he seen?
She spun and switched off the music. The silence was deafening. Their heavy breathing sounded too loud as she stared at him.
"What is the matter with you? Have you never heard of knocking a damn door?"
Rubbing the side of his chin, Nico wiggled his jaw.
"I ... ah ... realised you would not hear me above the noise of the music. You really should lock your door."
"There's been an invention, perhaps you've heard of it? It's called a telephone. It's a very handy device. Before you visit someone, you give them a ring and see if it's convenient for them before you descend unannounced. You can leave messages and everything on it." Her eyes went into icy slits and she took a long, deep breath. "How much of that did you see?"
He rubbed the back of his neck, his scalp and winced.
"Ah ... I caught it from the part where you took off your sweater. Nice moves, shame about the voice." He grinned.
Adrenalin still pumping through her system, Bronte's eyes narrowed on the knife block.
She moved fast, but he moved faster to put himself between it and her.
"You find this funny, big boy?" With a growl in her throat, she rolled onto her toes and ran her tongue around her teeth. She'd had plenty of fights with her brother. And knew exactly how to inflict pain on a man. She'd give anything to wipe that stupid grin from his face.
Her blood cooled as she took a deep, cleansing breath.
Then her lips twitched as she got a good look at him, that hair wasn't all slick and sleek now. Nope. It stood on end, all tousled and tangled. Was that a rip in the shoulder of his sweater? His grey eyes were full of fun and barely suppressed laughter as dimples flashed in his cheeks.
An emotion Bronte didn't recognise caught in her chest.
Turning her back to him, she filled the kettle with water and plugged it in. Pulling on a sock, she searched for the other one, found it in the fruit bowl and tugged it on, defiantly ignoring his rumbling laugh. The urge to take another bite out of him, to throw herself into his arms almost overwhelmed her. She needed to recover her balance, put a little distance between them and get a grip.
"Coffee?" Her eyes slid to him as he settled himself in a chair at the table. He grabbed a cake and bit into it.
"Please. Hmm, these are excellent. What are they?" He swiped another one.
"Help yourself." He ignored the dripping sarcasm in her tone. "Apple turnovers. Miss breakfast?"
She placed a mug on the table with milk and sugar.
Those dark eyes sparkled into hers and he sent her a wicked smile.
For a moment she saw the little boy in the man and her heart simply melted.
"I did, yes."
"Was there something you wanted from me?"
"Oh yeah."
Bronte frowned and scooped ground coffee into a pot, filled it with hot water.
She was missing something here but couldn't work out what it was.
"Something important?"
Glancing at him she saw those grey eyes were gentle on her now, the smile sweeter.
For some reason it worried her although she couldn't say why.
"I thought it was but it can wait."
His attention was diverted by her drawing and notes of Justine's wedding cake. When he turned over the page Bronte nearly fumbled the coffee pot.
Those dark brows drew together.
"Did you draw this?" He didn't take his eyes from it.
"I'm afraid I did." She poured coffee into his mug.
When deep grey eyes met hers she read humour mixed with appreciation and realised she'd been holding her breath.
"Is this how you see me?"
"Mmm hmm." She sipped her coffee.
"May I keep it?"
Surprised, embarrassed and secretly thrilled Bronte shrugged.
"Sure."
Nico tore the page from the pad and carefully rolled it up.
Feeling the chill now, Bronte rose found her sweater and pulled it on. 
"What are you doing here, Nico?"



Chapter Fourteen
Good question he thought eyeing her over the rim of his cup.
What was he doing?
"I wanted to apologise again for last night." Those luminous eyes held his for an eternal moment. "And to make sure you were all right."
Bronte gave him a cheeky grin that he couldn't help but return.
"Apology accepted. As you can see I'm fighting fit."
Little witch. He desperately wanted to kiss her.
"Okay, I am not going to apologise for that."
"You should quit while you're ahead."
"Will you come to the Ball with me?"
"I'd like to, yes."
They smiled at each other companionably.
Sipping her coffee thoughtfully, Bronte frowned for a long drawn out moment then flicked him a wicked little look.
Nico realised he could sit there all day just watching the expressions cross her mobile face.
"Nico?"
"Hmm?"
"Are you any good at giving a woman a screaming orgasm?"
He inhaled coffee and choked.
Laughing, Bronte handed him kitchen roll, rose and energetically thumped his back.
"Sorry, sorry, I didn't mean to catch you unawares."
"What sort of question is that?" His voice croaked.
"Rosie reckons you must be a fully paid up member of the club."
She grinned at him with big wide eyes and Nico wondered just what the hell it was these women talked about.
"What club?" As soon as he asked, he wished he hadn't.
She simply shrugged, batted her eyes.
"The big "O" club."
"Never heard of it."
Terribly aroused and distracted by those fluttering eyelashes, he knew he sounded outraged. He was fast coming to the conclusion that Rosie Gordon was a bad influence on her friend. She appeared to be at the bottom, so to speak, of a lot of things.
"What's so funny?" He growled aware she was teasing him.
He wondered if she was prepared to face the inevitable consequences.
Still grinning Bronte took the dishes to the sink and turned on the tap.
"Your face."
He moved fast.
Bronte felt the heat of his breath on her neck. Swishing liquid soap into warm water, she took her time cleaning the mugs.
When his arms slid loosely around her waist, she turned and looked up into those eyes, dark and filled with desire for her.
"What is the matter with my face?" That voice, deep and husky made her shiver.
It was a perfectly serious face now she realised and her stomach curled with a pleasant little kick of lust.
"You have a nice face." She patted his chin giving him a beard of bubbles.
His eyes stayed on hers as he drew back to study her.
"Do not start something you are not prepared to finish, Bronte," he said arousal deepening his voice. He pressed his erection into her soft stomach. "I need to take you to bed."
Those dark grey eyes went too intense now, never leaving her suddenly hot face.
His mouth was so close, his breath mingled with hers as he slid his hands under her sweater to stroke gentle fingers over her too sensitive flesh.
Her body jerked and he smiled.
Magic fingertips glided over her skin, sending erotic shivers up her spine and a hot spear of arousal into her belly. His jaw clenched as she trembled and still he didn't kiss her. He wouldn't, she realised with sudden insight. This was her decision and hers alone.
Her hand reached up and her fingertips traced that stubborn jaw, over his cheek and up into his black, silky hair.
"Kiss me," she said and pulled that fabulous mouth to hers.
And there it was again, that punch of power.
Heat roared through her blood, almost making her frantic as he danced his tongue across her lips. His mouth cruised over hers.
He was being careful with her she realised and nipped his bottom lip to encourage him.
Her breath panted into his mouth.
Nico was determined that this time she set the pace. But when she sucked his bottom lip into her mouth and her hands went on an erotic voyage of discovery under his sweater he was lost.
"Where's the bedroom?" he panted, running hot frantic kisses down that soft neck as he tugged off her top.
"Upstairs," she gasped, struggling to get his sweater off as he toed off his shoes.
"We'll never make it," he moaned as she slid off his belt, shaking fingers unbuttoning his jeans.
He slid her fitness pants down and she kicked them off.
Nico lifted her and she wrapped long legs around his waist.
"Sitting room, hurry, hurry," she implored him between open mouth kisses as her entire body burned.
 His soft laugh brought her eyes to his as he carried her through the house.
Setting her on her feet next to a large couch Nico cradled her face between large hands, rubbing his thumbs along her cheekbones, her lips. Those eyes were so dark with arousal and desire.
"I'll take care of you, I won't hurt you," he promised.
And she read genuine sincerity in those wonderful eyes.
"For God's sake, Nico, make love with me."
She groaned as he laid her down.
Nice and slow, Nico, he ordered himself, take it nice and slow.
His hand slid over the smooth skin of her hip, along her thigh and she trembled under him.
Softly, softly his mouth brushed hers, tasting her, nibbling a slow path along her bottom lip. Bronte sighed and opened her mouth, her tongue tangling in a silky, sensuous dance with his. A smile shaped his mouth as his lips explored the soft skin under her ear and her body shivered, convulsed under his.
Her responses made the blood thunder through his veins. Soft panting breaths made him crazy for her.
When those nails ran down his back towards his ass he groaned into her mouth.
Her fingertips stroked and explored his back, his wide shoulders.
The man worked out and Bronte gave a little hum of pleasure in her throat as she reached down over hard abs and lower still. Her fingers searched under his jeans, feathering over a lean hip.
His hand stilled hers.
"Not yet, cara." His harsh voice, low and full of need, detonated a bomb of lust deep in her belly. And she arched her pelvis towards him as he removed a condom from the back pocket of his jeans. Stripping down to his skin, Nico protected them both.
His fingers skimmed over her ribcage, down over her stomach and she gasped when he stripped her panties from her. Gentle fingertips stroked feather light slow circles around her navel and the hot liquid pull low in her belly was a heady mix of pleasure and pain. The scent of soap, his signature cologne and aroused male surrounded her. He rose above her, arms propped either side of her shoulders. A strong knee gently forced her legs apart. His eyes never left hers as his mouth twitched.
"You are ready for me." Voice low and accent thick with desire, his fingertips stroked the sensitive skin between her hip and pubic bone. Pleasure soared into Bronte's mind and she closed her eyes.
His index finger hovered over her centre.
"Open you legs. Wider."
A shuddering breath caught in her throat as his finger swept fluidly towards her buttocks and back up, almost reaching the tender little bud of tingling energy before sweeping away again. Two fingers set a slow rhythmic pace. They dipped deep into her core then slicked around the bud again and again, faster and faster.
She couldn't cope with this, she just couldn't. Eyes wide, her head shook from side to side. Too fast, her heart beat was too fast, the breath in her throat caught. His eyes never left hers, not for a moment. Her mouth made the O shape and her hands, knuckles white, gripped his shoulders, every muscle in her body went taught, stretched tight like piano wire. Her back bowed as two fingers dipped hard into her, his thumb pressed the bud.
Her breath seized in her lungs.
"Come for me, Bronte. Let go."
A primal scream sounded in her throat. Every bone in her body almost snapped into tiny pieces as her mind fractured. A trembling, deep and dark built within her womb as the full body climax exploded.
The world went black for a split second.
Bronte screamed as her release gushed into his hand and her lungs took their first breath.
The trembling wouldn't stop.
Panic flooded her system.
Nico held her shuddering body close.
He stroked the valleys and plains of her back, down her buttocks and up again, over and over.
She couldn't stop shaking.
"Hush, it is okay. Let me finish it."
"You're killing me." She sobbed into his neck.
His laugh vibrated through her as she clung to him as he settled into the cradle of her hips.
He pressed the head of his cock into her, too thick and too big.
Bronte tensed. Her eyes flew to his as Nico held the position.
The concentrated tension in his expression as those corded neck muscles strained with effort simply amazed her. For the first time a man was waiting for her. Exquisitely slowly he entered her, inch by inch. She sighed into his mouth and let herself go as a voice in her head told her she would never, ever be the same again.
"Relax, cara."
Nico had never had a woman so responsive to him.
Her every tremble, every gasp brought him to his knees. 
She was amazing.
When she tried to kiss him, he shook his head, desperate to concentrate purely on her pleasure. He suspected that this was her first experience of orgasm. The fact that she trusted him enough to let go of her inhibitions made him feel so protective of her.
He needed to show her it could be so much better.
Bronte's endless legs gripped his back as her pelvis tipped to permit him to thrust deeper again and again. She felt so good. So tight and hot and wet. Her centre still pulsed. And he felt her next orgasm gather as she gave sharp high little panting breaths of pleasure that drove him out of his mind.
Take it slow and easy he muttered in Italian. But she pumped her hips faster. The muscles of her core gripping him ruthlessly as she raced towards completion.
Bronte screamed loud and long in his ear and then sank her teeth into his shoulder.
Hell, he had never felt anything like it. Her orgasm clenched like a fist around him, sucking him further into her centre. His sac ached, throbbed and he lost control. Fear clawed a path from his gut into his throat. But even it could not cope with the sensational build up. His skull almost fractured from pressure and he howled, gasping in release.
Nico lay on top of her, sucking air into burning lungs and still she milked him.
He laughed, happy and terrified at the same time.
Still connected, pulling her with him, he lay on his side, eyes closed.
He needed a minute.
When he opened his eyes, Bronte's serious emerald gaze studied him.
Her cheeks were flushed and she shivered in reaction.
"What just happened?"
Wisely, Nico controlled the grin and kept his face absolutely straight. And kept his voice gentle.
"We made love. You screamed, cara, twice."
Stunned, Bronte simply stared at him.
Boy, oh boy, he had her there. And she had screamed twice. The man obviously kept a count of a woman's orgasms. She still had glorious aftershocks rippling through her system. A firm hand smoothed her skin from shoulder to hip as he nuzzled the delicate skin of her neck.
"You have a beautiful home. Shall we move to the bedroom?"
Cold reality slapped Bronte hard.
How could she have forgotten what it was like afterwards?
She'd never had the wow, darling, you were amazing after sex talk. Jonathan's idea of pillow talk was to complain she was unresponsive and unimaginative.
Apparently all Nico wanted to talk about was the house.
Pushing him off her, Bronte leapt to her feet, hunting for her panties.
She couldn't look at him as she pulled on the scrap of white lace.
"Well thank you for the orgasm," she told him, her tone stiffly polite. "It was lovely."
 


Chapter Fifteen
From his swift intake of breath, Bronte knew she'd scored a hit.
"Why are you acting like this?"
She couldn't look at him. "Because I refuse to be used yet again by a man."
Especially by a man who knew exactly how to press a woman's buttons, literally and figuratively.
Nico hissed out a breath.
"Rewind, you have lost me."
The hard tone of anger in his voice made her wince.
She turned to him, folding her arms to protect her throbbing nipples.
"No matter how much sex we have the house is still not for sale."
His eyes never left hers as heat soared into his cheeks then drained away leaving him white with fury.
Her stomach gave nervy little jerks.
Naked and totally comfortable with it, Nico stood proud and tall.
He hauled on his jeans and moved towards her. God, he looked amazing.
Bronte forced herself to stand still and not step back. 
His hands, hard now, gripped her shoulders. 
Hot, angry eyes drilled into hers.
"You think I made love to you for the house?"
Why wouldn't her voice work?
"You seduced me. You're trying to soften me up."
By the appalled shock in those dark eyes, by the way his head jerked back, Bronte knew she'd made a terrible mistake and wished she could take the words back.
He released her as if she'd burned him and shook his head.
"You are unbelievable. If you have regrets, say so. Have the courage to tell the truth. But do not dare ..." He took a breath, his voice a whip that lashed her from top to toe. "Do not dare to imply you were not a very willing participant."
"I am not denying anything. But it's obvious you are sexually experienced, very experienced from what I hear. You knew exactly what to do to me."
"And it is obvious that you are not experienced. And also very stupid."
Stung, Bronte followed him as he stalked through to the kitchen.
Nico picked up his sweater and yanked it over his head.
He threw hers and she caught it before it hit her in the face.
All her insecurities, all the little darts of poison that had been fired into her psyche for years by a man who'd tried to destroy her self esteem rose like bile into her throat.
"I'm not stupid. Why else would you hit on me? Why else would you want to have sex with me unless I have something you want? I'm hardly your type am I?"
He whirled around to face her, those eyes now the colour of a stormy sea.
"How do you know my type? You know nothing about me. You have judged and found me wanting from the first moment we met. You appear to believe I am a man who seduces women for his own material benefit."
"Can you deny that you still want my home?"
"No, I cannot deny it. But I would never whore myself to get it. You have just treated me like a damned stud," he roared at her.
Shaking with reaction, she realised she'd hurt him as well as made him very angry.
Oh God Bronte, what have you done?
She was trembling now, her voice a mere whisper, "I didn't mean for you to take what I said in that way."
"What did you mean? Do you know? Because one man treats you badly we are all damned? How fair is that?"
She had to close her eyes to his absolute rage.
"It's just that you've had hundreds of women. You have a certain reputation."
She opened her eyes and saw dark brows wing into his hairline.
"Where did you hear this nonsense?"
Bronte knew instinctively the worst thing to say would be that he'd been googled.
She was losing the argument and rightly so.
What on earth had she been thinking having sex with this man?
She couldn't think straight.
"Look, let's draw a line under this. You like a certain type of woman and I'm not it."
Her eyes slid to his and she saw with relief that Nico looked totally confused now and less angry. He dragged his hands through his hair in an expression of bewildered male frustration.
"I have never slept with a woman if I was in a relationship with another. I have never paid for sex. My needs are crystal clear and I never make promises I do not keep."
Her mind kept coming back to the main issue.
"Why do you want me?"
Stunned dark eyes stared into hers.
He shook his head as if trying to clear it.
"My God, you have absolutely no idea. Have you?"
When she said nothing, he moved closer until his finger tilted her chin.
"What did your fiancé do to you?"
Deeply uncomfortable with the direction the conversation had taken, Bronte jerked her chin away.
"Why on earth bring Jonathan into this?"
Those eyes filled again with impatient annoyance and glared into hers.
"You brought him into this, straight after we made love."
She opened her mouth and then closed it.
He was right. She had permitted Jonathan's words to affect her. His vicious comments, filled with malice, poured out of her mouth before she could stop them.
"He said I was too frigid for him, because I wouldn't ... er ... do certain things to him. That I couldn't satisfy him and that's why he needed another woman."
Nico gripped her shoulders, gave her a shake.
"Madre de Dio! If you believed that then you are stupid."
"I was going to marry him, why wouldn't I believe him." She tried to push him away but he didn't budge. "You've just told me I'm not experienced enough for you." And told herself she sounded absolutely pathetic.
He gave her another little shake and this time his forehead touched hers, his shoulders relaxing.
"I did not say any such thing. You are inexperienced but I love your responses to my touch, my kisses. Your breathy sighs and cries of pleasure increase my own."
Nico pulled her close and nuzzled the soft spot under her ear.
Feeling like a complete moron, Bronte wrapped her arms around his waist and leaned into him.
Her heart did a crazy little flip.
"I wasn't really thinking of him. I was thinking of me."
He framed her face with large hands and forced her to meet his dark eyes.
"You were thinking of him if you remembered his words and how he made you feel. Do you want me to tell you what it was like for me? It was magical, cara, and amazing." He brushed his lips, softly, gently, over hers and muttered into her mouth, "Trust me. You cried my name when you came."
Mortified that he said such things to her and with her lips tingling, Bronte didn't believe a word of it. Men like Nico Ferranti didn't find women like her magical and amazing. But God, she wished with all her heart that he did.
 "It was probably a one off," she told him in a disbelieving voice. "I can't imagine that happening every single time."
She bent to retrieve her yoga pants.
"I would not bother, cara. I will just take them off again."
Nico's voice was low and throaty, almost a growl.
Her head whipped up in time to see him move fast as he bent and hauled her over his shoulder.
She yelped in alarm.
"Nico! Put me down."
A flat hand smacked her bottom hard enough to make her gasp.
"That is for doubting yourself and me. A one-off? I have never been so insulted."
He strode through the house, heading for the stairs.
"Where are you...? Put me down..." she sputtered, split between laughter and dread as he marched up the stairs.
"I'm continuing your education, cara, and from what happened earlier, you appear to be a fast learner. Believe me, you will not be thinking of another man the next time I make love to you."
Torn between heady delight and sheer terror, she found her legs caught close to his body.
Nico ignored the fists drumming on his back. Which only added fuel to the fire of her temper.
Her insults deteriorated into expletives.
He found her bedroom and tossed her into the middle of her enormous bed.
In an attempt to escape, Bronte flipped over onto her stomach.
But Nico simply grabbed her ankles, pulling her back down the bed and straddled her legs.
His voice went soft and low.
"Your language is a disgrace. I would not have thought a well bred young woman would know such words."
Panting, she lifted her head to see him remove two foil packages from the back of his jeans and place them on her bedside table.
"Get off me."
"No."
He whipped off his sweater and tossed it.
His eyes were dark and hot with mixture of arousal and irritation.
Those toned chest muscles flexed as he bent over her and she took a moment to enjoy the view of the plains and dips of his six-pack and that hard flat stomach. Fine silky hair ran from his chest to below his jeans in an inverted V. And she decided she loved the feeling of being weak and feminine. Her sweater followed his as a big hand squeezed her buttock cheek and a finger pinged the top of her panties. No matter how hard she tried to remain unaffected, an illicit thrill raced through her system to pool, hot and wet, between her thighs.
Bronte groaned. "Nico." Her voice was almost a plea as he slipped a finger between her buttocks.
"I am going to take off my jeans. If you move one inch, I will spank you. How dare you bring another man between us and then doubt what we share. Trust me, cara mia, it will not happen again."
Bronte could not believe she was doing this. She was lying virtually naked on her tummy, too scared to move in case he did indeed spank her.
Her breath caught in her throat as he straddled her again.
However this time he knelt over her, a hand either side of her head as his erection pressed into the small of her back.
He couldn't be ready again, could he?
She turned to look at him, feeling horribly vulnerable and wonderfully aroused.
His mouth tasted hers as his hips rubbed against her buttocks.
His cock hard and searching as it nudged the soft skin between her thighs.
Bronte arched her back.
His tongue, hot and silky slipped into her mouth and explored with a devastating thoroughness that left her gasping for air. He sucked her tongue into his mouth and she shuddered in wicked delight. He couldn't seem to get enough of her mouth.
Then he flipped her on her back and dragged her up to her knees in front of him. His cock jerking into her soft belly.
Nico moved onto his back, resting on her many pillows. She knelt beside him unsure of what to do. His eyes, dark and brooding with arousal, met hers.
A gasp escaped from her throat as he unashamedly gripped his cock and stroked from root to tip, pleasuring himself in front of her startled gaze.
Bronte couldn't drag her eyes from the blunt head of his swollen cock. Her tongue ran over her bottom lip and Nico moaned. She clenched her thighs.
 "Please, Nico. Let me touch you."
He simply lay there, relaxed, stroking his cock which appeared to grow harder and thicker.
Those eyes mesmerised her, she couldn't look away.
"Open a condom for me and come closer."
Mortified that she fumbled such a simple task, Bronte's heart beat a rapid tattoo in her throat, until she held the tip of the condom between trembling fingers. Without words and never taking his eyes from hers, Nico took her hands placing his fingers over hers to slide the protection home.
His pupils dilated as he slid two fingers between her legs. Her womb clenched and Bronte moaned deep in her throat.
"My God, cara, you are so aroused. You have no idea how beautiful you are, how swollen and heavy with need for me." His voice, deep and low, hypnotised her.
She gasped as he moved fast.
Flipping her on her back, he caught her wrists in one hand holding them above her head. His eyes, jet black with arousal took a long, lingering look at her body openly displayed for his pleasure. She trembled in reaction as he gently nudged her legs wider apart with a strong thigh.
Then he dipped his head and stared into her eyes with an intensity that made her shudder with something like fear and a brutal arousal.
"I am going to take my time and taste every part of you until you scream with ecstasy. I am going to bury myself deep within you until you come again. Are you ready, cara?"
Her reply was a whimper and that appeared not to be enough for him.
"Do you want me to taste you?"
His lips nibbled a lazy path across her jaw, under her ear to the spot that made her purr her answer.
Bronte lifted her hips, wantonly wriggling under him, rubbing her too sensitive breasts across his strong chest. His lips smiled against her neck and he released her wrists, using both hands to pleasure, plunder and explore.
She took the opportunity to run her hands over his broad, strong shoulders as her heart thundered in her ears. He savoured a pebbled nipple, teased the sensitive flesh with the tip of his tongue, then suckled hard in way that made her gasp and grip his head, pulling him closer. He paid its twin the same attentions making her cry out as the liquid pull deep in her belly responded to his touch. With care he skimmed his fingertips over her ribcage, closely followed by his hot mouth. His tongue lingered over her flat tummy, paying particular attention to her belly button and she almost shot off the bed.
Nico had never, ever had a woman so responsive to him, she shuddered and trembled under him and it aroused him unbearably.
For the first time in his life, he wanted to take great care, to give a woman mindless pleasure. Again he caressed her soft breasts. They fit perfectly into the palm of his hands. God, her skin smelt fabulous and each part of her, the underside of her breast, her belly, her hip had its own unique taste.
She groaned and her eyes closed as his fingertips smoothed the too sensitive skin along her hip bone and travelled lower to the tender spot between her thigh and her mound. Her hands travelled across his shoulders and then her nails dug into his flesh as he cupped her. She jerked as he changed tempo and crushed his mouth to hers in a passionate, bruising, breathless kiss.
She gasped and cried out as he plundered down her flesh devouring her with his hungry mouth, his teeth nipping with gentle little bites, desperate now to taste and take.
Gripping her hips, he growled, pulling her hot, slick core to his mouth and feasted.
"Oh, God!"
His mouth suckled, his tongue licked and speared into her.
Ruthlessly he used his tongue as a weapon of pleasure bringing her to a fast, raging orgasm that had her bucking under him. He held her legs wide and open. She wanted to drown in him, sink into him as he forced her up again until she gripped the sheets in sweaty, trembling hands. She screamed her lungs out with another orgasm so deep, so prolonged that the world went dark shattering her reality.
Nico devoured, lapped and drank the evidence of her release.
And he wasn't finished. With one sharp inhale, he entered her. The ache in his cock, the burning of his bones eased as he slid in and out. She was so tight, so wet, so hot he couldn't speak, didn't need to. He shoved up her thigh and thrust into her faster, harder. And discovered with a feeling of pure joy that she was with him all the way, her throaty cries synchronised with her hips as they rose to meet his, thrust for thrust. Then he felt her gather again as her breath hitched, every muscle from her toes to her fingertips went rigid.
"Let go, let go," he commanded breathlessly. Her body jerked and she rocked his world as she came apart in his arms.
From a distance, Nico heard himself roar as he held her tight and emptied his seed within her.
Then a deep sob escaped from his throat as he collapsed, gasping for air on top of her.
He rolled to his side, turning Bronte and taking her with him.
He closed his eyes.
His heart thundered against her back as he settled her in the spoon position and her body rippled around his. Mini aftershocks followed one after the other. He seriously didn't know whether he was ecstatic or devastated. He'd thought it couldn't get any better than the first time they'd made love and he'd been so wrong.
Nico clenched his jaw as again her internal muscles milked every drop of life giving liquid from him. He shuddered and buried his face in the fragile nape of her neck. If they kept this up, they would be dead within a week.
She was slick with healthy sweat and he was in just as bad a state.
He was not a snuggler, never had been, but he wanted to stay like this, joined to this woman for ever. Reality elbowed him in the ribs, but he ignored it, simply enjoying the moment, muttering endearments in Italian and pressing soft kisses to the sensitive skin, baby soft, below her ear. He was stroking her hip, her thigh as he held her close.
At last she calmed, relaxed, her body still reluctant to release his. She was a miracle. Nico didn't question his too intense feelings. They were what they were and that was the beginning and the end of it.
He knew for certain that Bronte was destined to play a crucial part in his future. Although how the mighty had fallen in less than forty-hours was a complete and utter mystery.
They must have slept.
When Nico awoke he was no longer inside her.
Bronte whimpered, curled up in a foetal position near the edge of the bed. Her shuddering sobs fractured the steel door protecting his heart. He couldn't bear the sound of her distress. Desperately he pulled her sobbing into his arms. It took him a heartbeat and then another to realise she was in the grip of a vicious nightmare.
She muttered words he couldn't grasp.
Appalled, he watched rapid eye movement under eyelids so fragile they reminded him of tissue paper. Tiny beads of sweat prickled across her brow and top lip. With infinite care, he pressed his lips to her brow and stroked her gently bringing her back to him.
"Cara, wake up. It is a bad dream." And he thanked Christ when her eyelids fluttered and her breathing calmed. "Wake up, you are dreaming."



Chapter Sixteen
 
Dazed, Bronte jerked awake and stared at him.
Nico, good God, she was in his arms and he was murmuring words in soft, rapid Italian.
Heat scorched her cheeks and other intensely intimate parts of her as reality dumped her firmly in the present.
Still groggy, she refused to let her mind linger on the moment when she found her parent's bodies lying under blankets at the side of the road. She would not permit a nightmare to destroy this wonderful moment.
Stretching like a cat she ached gloriously in parts of her she never knew existed.
Nico's mouth brushed over hers.
"I am going to run you a bath, cara. Lie still until I come for you."
He rose and strode naked in all his glory into her bathroom.
Indulging herself, Bronte admiring his tight buttocks and long, lean, muscular legs.
The thud of ancient water pipes heralded hot water gushing into the antique clawed bath.
Nico hummed in a deep baritone.
Still sleepy, she listened to the sound of swishing bubbles, then the water ceased and he strode to her side of the bed.
He lifted her as if she weighed nothing, kissed her forehead and carried her into the bathroom.
Bronte nuzzled his collar bone, determined to enjoy a moment that was quite unique in her experience.
With care, he stood her in the bath.
A move that brought her eyes level with his.
He cupped her face between his hands and studied her with an intensity that made her shiver.
How did he do that?
"Are you okay?" She nodded but he didn't appear convinced. "Do you have nightmares often?"
Bronte cleared her throat as his grey eyes scanned her features.
"I haven't had it for months."
He frowned. "Are they always the same?"
Her pulse fluttered.
"Yes." She shivered.
"Lie down. You are chilled, cara. I will use the shower."
Warm water, scented with jasmine, eased out aching muscles.
Bronte didn't want to think of her ex-fiancé at such a time, feeling it was unfair to Nico. But in the years of intimacy she'd shared with Jonathan, she'd never experienced anything like the sex she'd shared with Nico. The man was an amazingly generous lover and how lucky was she? Not that she was keeping count, much, but she'd come three times. Wow, she'd never known it was even possible. And weren't men supposed to need time to recover? Someone obviously hadn't told Nico.
Drowsily, she kept an eye on him through the opaque glass of her walk-in shower. He was quick, efficient and exited with a white towel slung low on his hips. He towel dried his hair, and then ran his fingers through it. The easy intimacy, the sheer domesticity of the moment, caught her throat.
She found herself wishing if only and told herself to behave and live in the moment.
Those dark eyes cruised possessively over her face and her body.
Saliva dried in her mouth. Her breasts, bobbing among creamy bubbles, tightened and her nipples hardened into rosy bullets.
Nico's sharp eyes missed nothing. He gave her that slow, sexy smile, revealing those adorable dimples and Bronte knew she was toast.
He crouched beside her. His fingertip stroked her breast rubbing a nipple. She couldn't help it, she pulled back.
He frowned. Those eyes sharp as a blade stared into hers.
"You have beautiful breasts."
With the horrible nightmare still jerking her chain and Jonathan's voice telling her she was built like a boy, Bronte gave a tiny shrug.
"They're only breasts. I'm not defined by them."
Those slashing brows flew into his hairline.
"Of course you are not defined by them." He frowned. "I hope you are not thinking about implants?"
"I've, er, thought about it." Her teeth bit her bottom lip and she couldn't look him in the eye.
"You are not happy with your breasts?"
"I don't think about them."
He grinned. But his eyes remained sharp on hers.
"I have no complaints about any part of you, cara. Would you like me to wash you? I am very thorough." That accent, intimate and terribly erotic, had her catch her breath.
She eyed him. "I bet you are. No thank you, I can manage."
Nico grinned and captured her mouth, exploring it thoroughly with his. Gentle but passionate, it was a kiss full of promise of good things to come.
His forehead touched hers.
"Do not fall asleep in the bath you still look drowsy. I will make coffee."
Mr Bossy was back and Bronte found she didn't give a damn.
"That would be nice." She sank into the water until bubbles reached her chin.
He rose, the hunger in his gaze evident.
Nico growled in his throat as he left making her smile.
Bronte replayed the amazing events of the day and knew Sundays would never be quite the same again.
Part of her couldn't quite believe that what she'd experienced was real. If this was an affair or a quick fling then Nico appeared to be taking it very seriously indeed. But perhaps that was how men of the world behaved when they were with a woman? She supposed a playboy was called a playboy for a reason. It wasn't as if she had experience of these things.
There was absolutely no point, she told herself, in trying to analyse what was happening between them. He'd told her he found her amazing and she believed him. She'd satisfied him and that gave her a wonderful feeling for the first time in her life of immense feminine power. Bronte Ludlow had made Nico Ferranti tremble. He'd called her name in the throes of physical passion. And how wonderful was that?
"Bronte! Do not fall asleep," he yelled from the bottom of the stair.
 "I'm coming!"
She leapt out of the bath.
Wrapped in a towel she tiptoed into her bedroom and stopped dead.
Pillows were strewn across the polished floor of dark oak. Her usually pristine Egyptian cotton sheets and duvet looked as if they'd been through a hurricane. Evidence of energetic sex lay everywhere.
With a shrug, she ignored her perfectionist tendencies. That siren call to bring order back to her bedroom and her life. She dug out black skinny jeans and matching polo neck from her closet.
After tying up her hair she pulled on cosy socks and padded down to the kitchen.
He'd been busy.
The table was set for two. In the middle of the table a heavy white platter was piled high with wholemeal sandwiches filled with what appeared to be slivers of lean ham and cheese.
Nico turned with a smile for her that would melt the polar ice cap and Bronte simply stared.
Her breath caught in her throat at the look in his eye for her.
Dressed in jeans and his sweater, she noticed he hadn't bothered with shoes. With the tousled hair, the five o'clock shadow on that strong jaw and the glint in his eye, the man was gorgeous. And he was looking at her as if she was his sun in the morning and his moon at night.
She managed to reach a chair before her legs gave way.
He genuinely cared for her? A shaft of alarm, a portent of disaster slid into her heart. Desperately, she told herself she was imagining it. Nico had laid his cards on the table. He'd told her in words of one syllable that he didn't want commitment. And Alexander had made it crystal clear that Nico had no place in his heart for a woman.
But he'd been so gentle with her after her nightmare. Then he'd run a bath for her, cared for her, warning her not to fall asleep.
Dismay squeezed her lungs as she studied the food meticulously prepared, for her. When he placed a bowl of fresh strawberries on the table and poured her a cup of coffee Bronte could barely breathe. He must not care for her.
She had nothing, no future, to give him.
He was a man who moved fast in all things she realised now. This was not the time for her to become heavily involved with any man, never mind a man like Nico.
"Cara?"
She blinked as he crouched in front of her and Bronte forced herself to smile into his eyes. As ever, he smelt divine. If she bottled it, she'd make an absolute killing.
Gentle fingertips stroked her cheek.
Telling herself she was over thinking things and over reacting as per usual, she took a breath and picked up a sandwich.
"You've been busy. Thank you."
"It is my pleasure. I enjoy looking after you."
Oh God, her mind desperately searched for a neutral subject when the phone rang.
Saved by the bell she thought as she rose and picked up the receiver.
"Hello? Bronte speaking."
There was a long silence before the person hung up.
She replaced the receiver.
Nico rose to stand next to her. "Wrong number?"
With a frown she shrugged at him. "I don't know, they didn't speak."
 The message light was flashing. It must have come in when they were in bed. Pressing play she cocked her head listening to the long silence with a spooky feeling in her gut that someone was there and almost certain she could hear faint breathing.
Then they hung up.
"Do you receive many crank calls?"
With a slow shake of her head Bronte remembered the messages earlier.
"Strangely enough I had three that hung up early this morning. I turn the volume off on the extension in the bedroom on weekends."
Nico frowned now.
"If you continue to have problems call the telephone company."
"I will, but it could be one of those automatically generated sales calls."
She spotted her sketchpad on the table.
"So, what are you going to do with my drawing?"
His eyes searched her face and she pumped up her smile as she returned to her seat.
He sat next to her. "I will frame it."
Sipping her coffee, Bronte choked.
"Good grief, why?"
At ease Nico leaned back in the chair stretching out long legs.
"Because it will remind me to keep my ego in check."
"You've lost your mind."
"It is how you see me, no? You see me as the devil."
He took her hand in a relaxed friendly fashion but his eyes were too watchful.
Bronte ordered herself to be very careful.
"I believe I was a tad pissed off with you at the time."
Nico barked out a laugh.
"Not a terribly ladylike expression, cara."
"Well, there are times when I'm not a lady."
His fingertips stroked the back of her hand. "You cannot change who and what you are."
Perfectly true, she admitted.
She picked up her cup and eyed him over the rim.
"So, you're going to run Ludlow Hall for a month?"
He nodded as he shovelled in a sandwich, wiping his fingers on a white linen napkin he'd unearthed from God knew where.
"I am, yes. We will be working together."
Her brows rose. "We will? I usually have meetings with Julie."
He shook his head. "You will be meeting twice a week with me."
"Very well, if you don't trust me." Her chin tilted and he tapped it with a gentle finger.
"So quick to take offense. Pull in your horns. Has it not occurred to you I might want your company?"
He did? She told herself to keep calm. Her vivid imagination was working overtime as usual. What could happen in a few weeks?
"If that's what you want. But I'm certain you will be bored to death with icing designs, fillings and flavours, colour schemes and flowers. Not to mention hysterical brides."
Nico merely shrugged. "You are incredibly creative. It will be a joy to watch you."
It would? She had to ask, "Then what?"
He gave her a long, slow smile.
"Then Alexander takes over and things return to normal."
Well, she'd asked and received an answer. And wondered why she didn't feel relief. One minute she was worried he might actually care for her and the next she was worried he might not. She didn't want him to care and she didn't want him to leave. Maybe she needed to visit a psychologist after all, because she was certainly losing her frigging mind.
"Nico?"
"Bronte?"
"What is it you do? I know you own hotels and other interests. But you don't appear the type to get your hands dirty. Even if you do make too much money."
He shook his head.
"I look forward to the day I understand why you have a complete disdain of money."
Nico took a sip of coffee before he answered,
"I acquire things. I suppose the best way to explain it is that I invest in people and match them with opportunities. Years ago I discovered I had a talent for recognising people and technology in their embryonic state. I invested and the rewards were great, fortunately for me. The hotels belonged to my late grandfather. I kept the flagship and sold off the rest. Then I met Alexander, we became partners, he runs the hotel side." He shrugged. "That is it."
If he had a wealthy grandfather then what was he doing on the streets?
None of it made sense and none of it was any of her business she reminded herself.
"Bronte?"
Her attention snapped back to Nico who was watching her with a quizzical look in his eye.
"Hmm?"
"Tell me about your nightmare."
Not a chance. "It's nothing, honestly."
Nico leaned forward.
His hand reached for and found hers.
"Sometimes, cara, it is good to talk about such things."
She opened her mouth to tell him she was fine and then he rubbed slow circles on the back of her hand with his thumb.
"I drove right into the middle of the emergency services when they were removing the remains of my parents from their car ..."
With an expletive Nico grabbed her and Bronte found herself on his lap as strong arms held her close. He murmured words in Italian into her hair and Bronte snuggled right in as her eyes stung and her voice went too husky. "I don't think I'll ever get over it."
Big hands held her face as he stared into her eyes and she read shock along with steady support.
"I am so sorry, cara." Those dark eyes stayed on hers. "Can I stay tonight?"
Logic yelled 'no way' and her heart cried 'yes.'
Bronte did what came naturally. "I would like that."
Nico's brilliant smile would have cracked glass.
He moved in for a long, lingering kiss that had her pulse skipping and her tummy tugging with arousal.
The tip of his nose touched hers. "Do you have wine?"
She smiled, inhaling the now familiar scent of him. "I do indeed, red or white?"
He rubbed his nose against hers. "I am Italian, red."
 


Chapter Seventeen
The buzz of her alarm had Bronte reaching out in the dark, groping for her Smart phone as she switched on a low lamplight.
"Oof," she gasped, struggling to free herself from the heavy weight of Nico's arm.
"Dio, cara. What time is it?" His deep voice growled in her ear making her quiver in response even as he ran a hand over her hip and down her thigh.
Squinting bleary eyed at her phone she groaned. "Five-thirty."
"It is the middle of the night. Go back to sleep."
She rubbed her body against his, skin to warm skin and stretched like a cat, arching her back.
"It might be for you. But some of us start early. I like to get a jump on the day."
Nico rolled on top of her, burying his face against her neck.
She smelled so good, all warm and sweet and tempting.
"Good idea."
The only thing he was going to jump this morning was her. Slim arms circled his neck. Her body pressed tightly against his, soft and pliant as she willingly offered herself to him. He took a long, slow taste of her soft, moist mouth. His tongue was stroking hers as he fit his body into the perfect cradle of her hips. With a sigh he slid into her, one slow inch at a time. She was so hot and so wet and so tight. Fevered pleasure had him shudder. Then he caught her hips and pulled her to him to surge deeper as far as he could go. And he was home. He'd never felt anything like the way her body gripped his, joining them in a way that felt so right. He ached for her, for them and what they'd found together.
But it terrified him too. Bronte had a gentle soul and he wasn't an easy man to live with. He didn't do love. He didn't do commitment. Did he?
He tried to take a deep calming breath as his heart thundered in his ears and Bronte's high gasps of boundless pleasure fed his desire, his hunger for her. The wild side of him, the hard side of him wanted to pound into her but despite his starving need, he forced himself to kiss her with exquisite care, almost with reverence. He took her slowly up and over the edge and they fell together. As if he'd waited his whole life for this one moment, everything inside him shifted, settled and calmed. 
He was home.
Bronte gave him kiss for kiss.
She adored the feeling of his thick body buried deep within her.
"Nico, I've never felt like this in my life, never."
He nuzzled his favourite spot under her ear as his body shuddered again.
"I think we have found something very special, cara mio."
Through half-closed eyes, she watched him as his tongue took long slow licks of her nipple. His mouth closed around the hard bud. His tongue tip flicking, danced and then he was sucking the nipple until she cried out. Still inside her, his low growl vibrated through her body as he used the flat of his tongue to take big long licks like a big lazy cat over her throbbing nipple and her womb clenched tight. Unbelievably he hardened again, grinding his hips in a circular movement against hers.
Then his mouth was hot, hard and demanding. He took her by surprise and she gasped meeting his hard thrusting tongue and sucked it into her mouth as he groaned as if in agony.
Fire blazed over his skin and his control snapped.
Nico couldn't breathe as he pounded into her and God help him she was with him every step of the way. The walls of her sheath pulsed hot and wet and so tight. He was losing it. He knew it and couldn't help it. Her high cries, almost sobs, only added fuel to his already roaring fire.
The smell of her, the feel of her and the sound of her had him piston harder. Her fingernails dug into his shoulders as her body arched, her scream of his name. Then her body clamped down hard on his, milking, dragging hot life giving fluid out of him as she pulsed around him.
Utterly spent Bronte dropped her arms and legs on the bed as he flopped on top of her. Her heart and his were thundering as one.
"Nico." Her voice was high and breathy.
Immediately he rose on his elbow.
Shame burned Nico's cheeks as he ran an unsteady hand over her skin. What was he doing rutting her like an animal? Where had the legendary Ferranti control and finesse gone?
"Did I hurt you?" 
Bronte stared up into his face.
His hard features were so masculine and too serious.
She gave him big eyes.
"Is that how all Italian men make love? Because if it is, I must find one for Rosie."
She caught the flash of relief before he buried his head in her neck.
"I can never get enough of you, Bronte." He raised his head and stared deep into her eyes. "Are you sure you are all right?"
She gazed at his mouth before running gentle fingers through his hair. All right? Her body felt truly alive and was vibrating like a tuning fork. She'd made Nico tremble with desire, for her. How totally unbelievable was that? Her eyes sparkled into his.
"Now that's what I call a jump start to the day."
Things had moved fast, Bronte realised as she dressed carefully for her appointment. But then Nico was that kind of man. The most important thing was not to kid herself. Her heart and his were safe and sound. Remarks, little things, may ring a bell or two of alarm. But she told herself she'd imagined the glimpse of vulnerability when he'd held her tight. It was so typical of her to worry over nothing these days. A habit that she fully intended to break.
Bronte parked her mini in the car park of the Gherkin building in the middle of the financial district of the City.
 She wore a black business suit by Armani, teamed with four inch heels in ivory patent with a black patent toe by Chanel. She carried a matching clutch bag. Simple diamond studs glittered in her ears. And she wore a single diamond on a chain at her throat.
What did a woman wear when she was meeting her father for the first time?
 Jerky nerves caught in her throat as she was taken through various offices and gatekeepers who eyed her with polite interest.
 Carl Terlezki's office was a low-key lesson in exquisite good taste.
Long couches in soft suede the colour of bitter chocolate hugged a long narrow glass coffee table. A glass wall framed the city. His PA, Tamara, was an immaculate middle-aged women dressed in black with a helmet of blonde hair. Her blue eyes scanned Bronte from head to toe, not in an aggressive way but she was obviously intrigued.
"Mr Terlezki is on a call. I'll take you in as soon as he's finished. Can I get you a coffee?" Her tone was friendly but polite.
A coffee was the last thing she needed and Bronte wondered what the hell she was doing? And desperately wished Alexander was with her because she felt physically ill with stress and nerves. She was going to change a complete stranger's life for ever. Perhaps this was a huge mistake? 
She stood to leave.
A door opened.
A gravelly voice spoke, "Tamara, when Bronte comes show her ..."
He was taller than she'd expected and leaner. And terribly good looking with his clear tanned skin, sharp intelligent eyes and thick grey hair.
Their eyes met and the way he caught his breath stopped her heart.
Carl Terlezki walked forward.
His eyes were the colour of the sea, the blue hazed by dark grey.
And his hand reached for hers.
"My God, you are the living image of your mother."
Emotions long held in check threatened to spill over and Bronte waged a bitter war of attrition to remain calm.
"How do you do?" she whispered.
He grasped her hand like a man handed a lifeline, emotions whirled in his eyes and she realised he was as thrown as she was.
Neither of them noticed his PA leave the room or heard her quietly close the door.
He blinked. "I am so sorry for your loss." He cleared his throat and looked around the room as if seeing it for the first time. "I'm sorry. My PA seems to have disappeared. Would you like a coffee or tea?"
He appeared to have forgotten he still held her hand.
Bronte felt him tremble, saw the distress in his eyes and realised this was a man who had loved deeply and suffered for it. Strangely enough, it gave her strength. 
With a breath she squared her shoulders and looked him straight in the eye.
"I don't know how to tell you this and I've worried about it for months, Mr Terlezki. But you're my father."
Carl Terlezki read the letter again and again.
He stared at the fabulous creature who sat before him. Her nerves and stress were self evident. He couldn't believe it. Cynthia Ludlow was dead. Intellectually he knew it was true and he'd grieved for her and for what might have been when he'd heard of the accident. But this, this brought it home to him in a way that shook him to his very core. Emotions whirled now in his mind. Anger, regret, hurt and outrage that the woman he loved never told him he was a father.
They'd kept her from him for over twenty-six years.
His hand, he saw with dismay, shook as he returned the letter to Bronte.
"Can I take a copy of it?"
What a stupid question to ask of his only child.
But he had absolutely no idea what to say to her.
Bronte stood.
The poor man looked as if he'd been hit by a train. She knew precisely how he felt. He needed time to come to terms with the shock and betrayal. Well, she knew what that felt like too.
"I understand the shock of this news. Believe me I've had no idea what to do or how to react in this situation."
He rose and shook his head, his eyes swimming with emotion.
"No, please, Bronte. Please stay."
Carl took her hand and led her to a leather couch the colour of clear honey.
"Did you have a happy childhood?"
She squeezed his hand, amazed that his first thought was for her.
"Absolutely I did. They ... my parents ... loved my brother and I very much."
"Alexander, yes, he was a handful as I remember. How is he?"
Shocked, she could only stare at him.
"You knew my brother?"
He smiled in a way that broke her heart.
"Ah, yes. He was an energetic six year old who loved the steam engines at the British Engineering Museum. They kept him occupied for hours."
She looked at him feeling totally helpless and spoke from the heart.
"He's taken the truth very hard. What are we going to do? How do we deal with this?"
Her father took a breath, squared his shoulders and patted her hand.
"How about we take it one step at a time? We get to know one another?" He gave her a heartbreakingly brave smile. "You can ask me anything and I promise to tell you the truth. And you must tell me everything about your life."
She blinked frantically as his face swam before her.
"I don't know if I can ever forgive her for this."
He didn't attempt not to understand her.
"One thing I've learned in life is that sometimes love is not easy. People are not perfect, Bronte. They make mistakes, especially when they try to protect the ones they love."
He held out his hand to her, his eyes brimming with emotion.
"Shall we make today the start of a new beginning?"
Nico leaned back in Alexander's chair and stared unseeing into the log fire that shed a warm glow over the room.
The meeting with senior staff had gone well and the assistant manager was a smart cookie, which, he acknowledged, made his life a hell of a lot easier. He checked his Blackberry and found no message from Bronte. He knew she'd gone into the City for an appointment. Probably something to do with a wedding he supposed.
What did he want from her? His libido spiked and he shook his head. Apart from amazing sex she was a hell of a package. She was so much more than just a fabulous body or a heart-stopping face framed by a silver waterfall of hair. He adored her style. She was beautiful, loving, funny and sexy as hell. He really got her in a way that he'd never done with any other woman.
So what did she want from him? He frowned now, remembering her words that she'd never marry. The little witch had told him he wasn't husband or even boyfriend material. He smiled now thinking that was his line was it not? And he had no idea how he was going to take back the stupid words he had spoken.
A couple of quick knocks on the door brought him back to earth.
"Come in."
Rosie popped her head around the door to give him a cheeky grin.
"Are you busy?"
"Not at the moment," he told her and eyed the box she held with interest. "What can I do for you?"
She plonked herself in one of the leather bucket chairs in front of his desk.
"You can give me a coffee and I'll let you have a taste of one of Bronte's new mini triple chocolate muffins with a toffee cheesecake centre."
He found himself grinning, picked up the phone and placed the order for coffee.
"Has Bronte returned from her meeting?"
Rosie blinked, a wary look entering her eye and he wondered what it meant as she nodded.
"She's on her way."
A knock at the door and Julie, Alexander's PA, entered with a tray of coffee and a hello for Rosie. After she'd left and Nico had poured, he bit into a tiny muffin and a little bit of heaven melted on his tongue.
"How does she come up with these ideas?"
"It's part of her creative make-up."
"Si. It certainly is."
Rosie watched him over the rim of her cup with a speculative gleam in her brown eyes and he wondered what was coming.
"Are your intentions towards my best friend honourable?"
He gave her a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. She held his stare with a little nudge of her chin and Nico decided he liked Rosemary Gordon very much indeed.
"My relationship with Bronte is between her and me."
"Okay," she said in a cheery voice. Then her eyes went hard. "But if you hurt her you'll answer to me."
He nodded. "You are a very good friend. Since you are such a good friend tell me about her ex-fiancé."
Rosie wrinkled her nose in distaste.
"Jonathan? He's a poor excuse for a human being."
"Grazie, Rosie, but that tells me nothing." He could see she was debating with herself. "I know he hurt her and from what I can gather I believe he was cruel to her."
 What he had no intention of telling her was that it had been Jonathan who told Anthony that Bronte secretly liked him. And Bronte herself had told him how her ex had spread rumours about her in their close-knit community. Along with the phone calls she was receiving, Nico believed that someone was making mischief. But he couldn't do anything without facts.
Rosie took a breath and met his eye.
"If he was a woman I'd call him an evil bitch of the worst kind. He's charming and a liar with an eye constantly on the main chance. When she sold his ring Bronte became his sworn enemy and that's something I don't believe she realises. He was a controlling bully and did everything he could do to destroy her self-esteem not that she had much of one to begin with. The way I see Bronte and the way I know you see Bronte is not how she sees herself.
"You're going to need to be careful, Nico, she's vulnerable."
He frowned, picking his way gingerly.
"Si, she is still missing her parents. To find them like that, Madonna mia!"
"It's not just that..." She bit her lip and shook her head.
Loyalty was a trait Nico admired, but not at the moment.
"I only want to help, Rosie."
"What's going on in Bronte's life is her business, Nico, not mine and not yours."
He had to admire her. Another thought entered his head.
"Have you had a number of calls received at The Dower House where they hung-up?"
By the look on her face he could see she had.
"Yes, there were two on the answering machine and a couple picked up by the girls. We assumed they were wrong numbers." Her eyes met his and she frowned. "Has Bronte been receiving crank calls?"
He nodded. "Any other unpleasantness?"
She snapped her fingers and pointed to him.
"Yes. On our website we had a visit from a particularly nasty troll who made sexist remarks about Bronte and called her a bitch. I've moderated the comments." Anxiety entered her dark eyes. "What's going on, Nico?"
He had no idea, but he was going to find out.



Chapter Eighteen
 
Bronte drove home on automatic pilot.
Her new father as she saw Carl had shown great courage and a generosity of spirit she could only admire. Of course, she had no idea what was really going on in his head. But they'd agreed to get to know one another and would take it slowly. She'd accepted his invitation to have lunch with him in a couple of days and he'd told her he was there for her.
Before she realised it, she was in Ludlow chapel in the grounds of the Hall with her hand on the door of the family crypt. In the early days of bereavement she'd found no comfort, no solace here. But these days spending time with the dead brought her a type of peace.
Eyes burning she sank into a carved oak pew remembering the day she'd read the letter Alexander had discovered in their father's safe.
Fate was an absolute bastard.
She didn't apologise for swearing in her head in a holy place because she was too bloody angry. Fate had taken her family, her home and her ability to have children. Endometriosis meant her chances were slim to none of being a mother. There was no point in bemoaning that life was not fair. Look how unfair it had been to her father? 
Loss crushed her. It squeezed her lungs as she fought for control. Emotions, long buried, floated to the surface of her psyche.
Bereavement she knew now had an edge of ambivalence about it. Along with guilt, bitter regret and anger for words unspoken there was unhealed sorrows that needed to be expressed and unfinished mourning completed. She'd been through denial and the truly desperate bargaining with God but Bronte couldn't find acceptance and she wondered if she ever would. 
Grief left her too vulnerable these days, abandoning her in a wasteland of sadness. With a shaky breath, she rose and pressed a hand to the memorial stone.
"Mama, I wish you'd told me."
There, right there, was the wound. A running sore that coursed through her soul along with anger. She was bitterly angry with her dead mother. Guilt kept anger gleeful company preventing true healing and she had no idea what to do about it.
Alexander continued to find the reality that she was his half sister rather than a full blooded sibling too hard to bear. He'd lost his parents. He'd lost his home and now he felt threatened by her biological father. He was terrified he was going to lose her too. Everyone had their tipping point she supposed. Their family had always stood together no matter what but that had been an illusion Bronte reflected, heartsick.
No matter how hard she argued that knowledge was power, her brother did not want to dig up the past. His choice, but he was suffering and she couldn't do a damn thing about it.
Bronte stood and rummaged in her jacket pocket for her car keys. Going over old ground was a lesson in futility. She should count her blessings. And learn to deal with the positives in her life instead of the negatives. Not only did she have her brother, she had a friend who was like a sister to her, a heady new lover and a business to run. If she secretly dreamed of Utopia, where she had a wonderful husband and a couple of children running around The Dower House, well she just had to get over herself and damn well get on with it. 
Striding out to her mini, Bronte ran through her schedule for the day. Rosie was due after lunchtime. She had a consultation with a bride who wanted a cake with a Brazilian carnival theme. Nothing much surprised them these days, but they'd managed to persuade the bride that feathers, firework sparklers and wedding cake were a volatile combination.
Fortunately she wasn't a bridezilla and had agreed to multi-coloured edible beads, miles of ribbon and an eye popping topper of a Swarovski crystal crown. Since the woman loved sparkly things, Rosie had come up with a diamond and silver theme to tone down the beads and ribbon, or to get rid of them all together.
As far as Bronte was concerned the role of Sweet Sensation was to give the bride a cake to remember for all the right reasons.
Her black mini sped down the road from Ludlow Hall, roared through her driveway and whipped round to the rear of the property. She forced a smile and waved at a trainee pastry chef busy in the back of one of the vans.
For a moment she stared into her gardens, knuckles white as she gripped the steering wheel. Sweet Sensation was her baby. She'd given herself to it twenty four seven. Now it was a thriving, busy business. Awards and accolades had rained upon her wedding cake designs. The diary was full for twelve months ahead.
Here was her future, so why the hell did it feel so empty?
At the end of a productive afternoon, Bronte took time to clear her mind.
She checked her diary for the following week and cast an eye over the wall mounted white board itemising the months' events. 
Three chest freezers, each one the size of a family car, were filling up nicely with carefully labelled containers of butter cream icings in twenty different flavours. Along with emergency fruit cakes, muffin batters and sponges of all shapes and sizes. The trainee pastry chefs were coming along well too. Rosie had phoned to say she would drop-in to Ludlow Hall to pick-up a supply of the chef's new menus.
Potential couples were offered a dinner with free room to test drive the hotel and business was brisk she was delighted to see by the appointments scattered through the diary.
The weather forecast predicted a punch from the Arctic meeting a kick in the teeth from Siberia. A double whammy for the British Isles and minus 20 degrees. The weather warning had gone out with neighbours being asked to keep an eye on the sick and elderly.
Dusk fell at three-thirty, along with the temperature and Bronte padded through to the sitting room with her laptop to check out the competition.
Competitor analysis was an ongoing exercise, one she took seriously with diligence and determination.
Tomorrow, she promised herself, she'd check out her suppliers' new price lists. They were tricky buggers who occasionally slipped in a price increase. One of the smaller companies was lagging behind their delivery date which was totally unacceptable.
Bronte paid her invoices on time, so she expected the same courtesy on quality and delivery dates. One more strike and they were out.
A vehicle approaching the house crunched on the gravel drive its headlights illuminating the rear of the house.
Expecting Rosie, Bronte strolled into the kitchen to switch on the kettle.
The door opened behind her.
"I bet its cold enough to freeze..." She turned.
Rosie, she realised with a gasp of alarm, had been crying.
Before she could ask what on earth was the matter, Nico, in his signature designer suit and black cashmere coat stalked in firing instructions into his Blackberry in Italian.
His face was fierce.
Rosie, too pale, stared at her.
Ice clutched Bronte's heart.
"What's happened?"
Nico finished his call.
He removed his coat and wrapped it around Rosie.
Then he pushed her into a chair and turned to Bronte.
The pulse in her throat roared in her ears.
Nico placed his hands on her shoulders and she braced herself as his eyes stayed on hers.
 "Alexander has been in a car accident."
She shook her head. Her heart jolted again to hammer in her ears. "No, no."
Those dark eyes never left hers for a second. "He is alive, Bronte."
Nico wrapped his arms around her and held her tight. His phone rang and he snatched it with one hand and kept a hold of her with the other.
Rosie stared straight ahead, tears flowing unchecked down her pale cheeks.
"Grazie, grazie."
He pressed Bronte into a chair and crouched in front of her.
Those dark grey eyes fixed on hers and she held on to him as her whole world fell apart.
Fate couldn't do this to her again. 
"He is unconscious but stable in the emergency room of San Pietro Fatebenefratelli Hospital in Rome. My jet is fuelling and will be ready to leave as soon as we get to the airport."
She blinked. Her brain simply would not compute.
"What happened?"
He shook his head and took a breath.
"He was stationary at a junction and a car hit his car that is all I know."
"He's alive? You're certain?" Rosie's voice was hardly a whisper.
Nico turned and looked her dead in the eye. "Yes."
Rosie pulled it together and stood.
"Right, Bronte, we need to get you packed."
"But, I can't leave you here alone." She was aware of Nico's fingers massaging the tension in her neck.
All business now, Rosie handed Nico his coat and turned to her with a hint of the old fire in her huge eyes.
"Of course you can. I'll stay here to look after the place and terrorise the trainees. We're ahead of schedule as per usual. You're at the other end of a phone, a laptop." She gave Bronte a nudge. "You're going to Rome not Pluto."
"Pack light," Nico instructed. "We can pick up anything we need there."
His phone rang. Bronte, eyes glued to his face watched him frown.
Fear gleefully caught her throat as Rosie gripped her hand.
Nico ended his call and his dark eyes filled with anxiety.
"They are taking him for a CAT scan."
Sheer stubbornness willed back tears that threatened to flow. If she started she'd never stop.
"Okay, okay, right. I'll pack."
 


Chapter Nineteen
 
In the company jet Nico tapped on his laptop.
A satellite phone lay on the table between him and Bronte.
The latest update was Alexander may have a detached retina. No word on whether or not he was conscious. Anxiety attempted to bloom in Nico's chest and he stamped it down hard. There was no point in worrying until they had something to worry about.
He flicked a look at Bronte.
Not a word had she spoken since they'd left the house. Not one tear had she shed. In the car, through customs, she'd walked like an automaton. She was quiet and biddable as she sat in the plane. Too quiet, he decided. Wherever she'd retreated inside herself it couldn't be good for her.
Dressed in black slim jeans and a sweater of grey cashmere, she sat with long legs tucked under her. Her hair was tied back in a silver braid. The beautiful face looked vulnerable and devastated. A glossy magazine sat on her lap. An untouched notebook and pen lay on the table.
She hadn't turned a page but simply stared straight ahead.
He imagined the day's events must have brought back dark and painful memories of her parents' car accident.
He almost missed the shudder. A lightening vibration of her body that alerted him to the fact she was clinging to her emotions by a thread.
Rising, he signalled the steward and requested a blanket. With great care he removed the magazine from Bronte's nerveless fingers.
Wrapping her in the blanket, he lifted her in his arms and knew he'd done the right thing when she turned into his chest with an earth shattering sob. The steward moved before them to the rear of the plane and opened the door to a bedroom suite. He folded down the bedspread, asked if they wanted anything else and then closed the door.
Nico laid her on the double bed and Bronte turned on her side to curl into a tight ball. He unzipped flat boots of polished black leather and eased them gently off her feet. His jacket, tie and shoes followed before he lay down and took her in his arms.
Bronte he realised moments later cried with as much fervour as she made love, with passion, energy and with her every part of her heart. The storm raged and his heart ached for her and the ruination of his Armani shirt.
"I can't bear it. I can't bear losing him like this." She sobbed into his chest.
With deep shaky breaths, she rolled onto her back and sniffed, blinking at the ceiling. Nico took the opportunity of the lull to grab a couple of face towels from the en-suite. Lying on his side next to her he propped up on an elbow and wiped saturated cheeks.
"He is very much alive, cara. Hang onto that until we see him."
Drenched emerald eyes, huge with distress, met his.
"Nico, he thinks I'm angry with him because he won't listen to me." She swallowed audibly. A fat tear rolled into her hairline. "But I'm not angry."
"Good, he will be pleased to hear it."
She fixed her eyes on the ceiling.
Her bottom lip trembled and she bit down hard on it as her eyes flooded.
"I'm so scared."
He frowned, rubbing the abused lip with his thumb.
"Cara mia, we will not panic until we need to. Let us take it one step at a time."
Blinking rapidly, Bronte turned to him as if seeing him for the first time, her eyes now bright and focused.
"You are absolutely right." She sat and swiped her cheeks. Her attempt at a smile broke his heart. "God, I must look a mess. I need to get a grip."
He cupped her face between his hands and forced her to look at him.
"You look beautiful. The love you have for your brother is beautiful."
And reminded himself this was neither the time nor the place for his libido to spark.
So he contented himself with a burning kiss on that soft vulnerable mouth.
Bronte couldn't remember landing or being rushed through customs or the drive through Rome's hectic traffic to the hospital.
She focused on putting one foot in front of the other and held her breath as a smiling nurse opened the door to Alexander's room. The woman was smiling. That was a good sign. Right?
They entered the room and the bleep, bleep of a heart monitor rang too loud inside her skull.
Her eyes clung to the still form lying in the bed.
A sob caught in her throat.
Alexander's face, his poor face was swollen, battered and bloody.
Nico's strong arm around her waist steadied her.
Her brother's left arm was in a sling. The other had fluids dripping into a vein.
Heart in her mouth, Bronte placed a hand tentatively on his leg.
"Alexander?"
Alexander's good eye opened and he focused on her.
"Hey, baby face. Those tears better not be for me."
Relief hit her too hard and she threw herself into Nico's arms and did cry like a baby.
He didn't appear to mind as he stroked her hair.
"You look a mess, my friend."
Alexander narrowed his eye at the intimate body language of his best friend and his sister.
"Airbags, two of them."
Bronte plucked tissues out of a box and blew her nose, her head pounding in reaction to the release of adrenalin.
"You look bloody awful."
Alexander winced as he attempted a smile through his split lip.
"You don't look so hot yourself. Wound yourself up good and proper, didn't you? Typical."
Stung and for form, purely because he expected it, Bronte glared at him.
"We didn't know if you were dead or alive."
Nico smiled, ran a hand down her hair.
"I will leave you two to it and speak to the doctor."
Outside Alexander's room, Nico leaned back on the wall, pinching the bridge of his nose.
He heaved a sigh of relief.
Close families, they loved, they fought, but always they stood together.
He touched an envelope in his pocket. Then there was the other type of family, dangerous, destructive and cruel. A hard ball of bitterness burned in his throat. The day of reckoning for his family was fast approaching.
But first he would ensure Alexander had everything he needed. Then he would look after Bronte.
He moved to the nurse's station to speak to the doctor.
"For God's sake, you're not bloody sleeping on the floor," Alexander told his sister in a tone dripping with disgust as Nico entered the room.
The nurse checking Alexander's blood pressure spoke to Nico in Italian.
"She said the patient must remain calm. He is not calm."
Bronte huffed out a breath and caught Nico's bland look.
"Okay, okay, I'll go. But I'll be back first thing in the morning." Then she frowned, her expression full of sympathy for her brother. "I can't find a spot that's not bruised to kiss you."
"How about my ass," Alexander muttered under his breath.
Bronte's eyes narrowed dangerously and Nico whipped an arm around her waist.
"I will telephone in the morning," he told Alexander.
"Yeah, right. Nico?" Alexander's good eye blinked and he gave his friend a crooked grin. "Thank you for bringing her."
Leaning back against the wall of the lift, Bronte muttered something about a boot up the ass.
Nico watched her out of the corner of his eye. She still looked pale, but her spirit had returned he noted as his lips twitched.
"You can hardly blame him, cara. You buzzed around him like a hornet." He tapped her chin as it came up. "Do not even think of taking it out on me. Unlike Alexander, I am able to give as good as I get."
Bronte kept quiet remembering exactly how he gave as good as he got.
A black chauffeur Bentley purred to the kerb as they exited the building.
Nico opened the door and she slid inside.
"Where are we going?" she asked.
With interest, she watched the bright lights of Rome whiz past.
"To my apartment."
Surprised, she looked at him. "Not a hotel?"
"No, I have a place in the City."
The car whisked them through the colourful metropolis. At night Rome always reminded her of a fantasy. A beautiful, vibrant and magnificent city with its ancient buildings lit up as were the wide expanse of beautiful parks. People were always in a hurry in Rome. They walked fast, talked fast and drove like lunatics. And that thought brought her back to Alexander. Her brother had had a lucky escape He would need plenty of rest and recuperation.
Bronte shivered. It was as cold here as in England. Although why she'd expected it to be warmer she had no idea.
The sense of being out of control, that fate again may test her by taking another loved one, had drained away leaving her numb and strangely disoriented. Tension rolled from her shoulders, up her neck and into her mind.
A wave of memories of her last visit to Rome washed over her. Her parents walking hand in hand as her father pointed out immense statues. They'd enjoyed people watching in a cafe in Via Cola di Rienzo. Her mother raising an eyebrow while giving her daughter a secret little smile as an attractive man passed by. They'd done the usual tours; The Coliseum, The Trevi Fountain, The Spanish Steps and the Piazza Della Republica.
An intense feeling of loss, a sadness she'd buried deep in her psyche crept into her lungs. Bronte's eyes stung and her throat closed. She found she couldn't swallow. She missed them and the life they'd had together so damn much.
What would they think of her brazen behaviour with Nico? She couldn't begin to imagine what her mother would think of her asking a man she'd known for less than thirty-six hours to give her a screaming orgasm. Where had her self-respect gone? Where had the real Bronte Ludlow gone?
What the hell was she doing going to his apartment? A hotel would be better, she would have her own space to think, to feel real again.
She was aware of his dark eyes on her, watching her. The atmosphere in the car had changed too, become tense, edgy even.
The car cruised to a stop in the Prati district outside a smart apartment building. Nico wrapped an arm around her waist, guiding her inside. A lift whisked them up to the top floor. The penthouse and why was she not surprised? It was so Nico.
He unlocked double doors into a palatial open plan expanse with glazed walls surrounded by wide balconies.
Bronte bit down on her bottom lip, taking in the space and the spare minimalist decor. The pure masculine feel of the place was intimidating. Testosterone leaked out of every black leather sofa, chair and lamp. It could do with flowers and plants she decided, something to humanise the room, silk cushions on the leather sofas and chairs to break it up.
"What would you like to do first?" Nico asked standing very still, just watching her. Dark eyes stayed on hers and that weird wave of vulnerability washed over her again. She was alone with him in Rome. It didn't feel real.
The day's events had taken their toll on her, she realised now, especially after spending the night in Nico's arms. Meeting her father for the first time had drained her. Then visiting the family crypt, her brother's accident, the rush to Rome along with the heady relief Alexander was going to be okay was all too much. She felt punch drunk and terribly disoriented. What she needed was something to anchor her to the earth instead of her emotional centre bouncing around like a damn ping pong ball.
At the moment Nico seemed more foreign to her too in this environment. His strong features appeared harsh, more powerful.
Eyes narrowing, his brows met as he continued to watch her. "A bath? Food?"
Hysteria built inexorably from her solar plexus. Dear God, she was going to lose it right here in front of him. She blinked rapidly determined not to break down. The man would think she was certifiable. What was she doing? She was so terribly tired and he looked as if he could swallow her in one big bite. He'd probably expect her to give him another night of hot sizzling passion and she just didn't have it in her.
"Bronte?" Nico pushed her gently onto a sofa, grabbed a stool and sat in front of her. "What is it? Speak to me."
He didn't touch her and for that she was eternally grateful.
Shaking her head Bronte looked into his face and it was as if she was seeing him for the first time. Her vision clicked into focus. Who was this man? What the hell was she doing?
She stood. "I'm very sorry, Nico. I can't do this."
He rose, took her hand and she snatched it back.
"Please don't touch me."
"Okay, you need a drink, I do too. Just relax here a moment."
Nico moved into the open plan kitchen, helped himself to a beer and poured her a glass of white wine all the time keeping a close eye on her.
He placed the wine on a small table.
Bronte sank to the couch and picked up the glass.
She looked at him. He wasn't angry. But she wondered how he was going to take it when she told him she didn't want to have an affair with him or anything else for that matter.
 Making himself comfortable in a chair, his eyes narrow and thoughtful, Nico took a sip and waited.
"I don't know who I am anymore," Bronte confessed.
"Why do you feel like that?"
"It's my behaviour. Especially recently, it's just not me, Nico. I can't be someone I'm not."
"Do you want to know how I see you?"
Face flushed, Bronte shook her head, staring into her wine.
"I can imagine."
"I see a strong, beautiful woman who works hard and never gives up. She's funny and warm and loving. Her family and friends love her very much."
Bronte simply shook her head. He knew nothing about her.
"I thought I could do this but now I can't. I'm sorry."
"What is 'this'?"
She stood and paced as her mind whirled off in ten different directions.
"Being here with you. I should be in a hotel near the hospital. I don't usually jump into bed with men I hardly know."
"Si, I should hope not, cara."
He wasn't taking her seriously she realised, pressing her fingers into her eyes.
"For the first time in my life, I decided to be selfish. No strings. No expectations. No promises. You were perfect."
His eyes quizzical, Nico sent her a slow smile. 
"I do not know whether to be flattered or offended."
Bronte rubbed the tension easing slowly from her neck and sent him a sad look.
"If I stay here with you it will be under false pretences. I should be at a hotel."
"I do not understand."
She owed it to him after everything he'd done for her to be nothing less than honest.
"Well, we're having an affair and you'll want constant monkey sex. I'm not the type of person you think I am." She jumped as he roared with laughter and shook his head.
Nico rose, took her in his arms and pressed a soft kiss on her forehead.
"Oh, Bronte, monkey sex? What on earth is that?"
Smiling into his chest she inhaled the scent that was pure Nico and sighed.
"Something Rosie said."
 His big body shaking with laughter Nico lifted her chin and kissed her with a soft delicate brush of the lips.
"But we are not having an affair, cara mia. Neither of us is married."
"What are we having?" she wanted to know.
With a gentle hand he stroked her hair.
"We are in the early stages of a relationship. Let us make a promise to each other. We must only have the truth between us. Agreed?"
His eyes held hers. And Bronte read a mix of understanding and humour. "Agreed."
"If you do not want to sleep with me and have monkey sex then you tell me. Agreed?"
She let out a breath feeling incredibly foolish. "Agreed."
"If you want me to do something then you tell me. Agreed?"
Nerves, Bronte realised with relief, she'd only had an attack of nerves. "Agreed."
Pulling her close, Nico nuzzled her hair.
"What happened in the car? You changed."
"Memories," Bronte told him.
"Sad memories?"
"Yes and no. I came to Rome with my parents years ago. We had an amazing time."
Lifting her chin, his thumb stroked her bottom lip and the little pull in her tummy reminded her of his fatal attraction as her eyes clung to his.
"You need to learn to speak your thoughts rather than keeping them locked inside your head," he said as he kissed her.
Their agreement for the truth between them had Bronte opening her heart.
"I wondered what they would think if they could see me now."
Those dark eyes studied her face. "And what conclusion did you come to, cara?"
Her throat tightened and her eyes stung.
"They would be ashamed, disappointed in me."
Nico shook his head vehemently. His eyes never left hers for a moment.
"Never, I do not believe that for a moment. Look at what you are doing with your life, working hard and running the business. It is a great success. I heard plenty of people on Saturday night say how proud your parents would be of you and Alexander." His mouth nuzzled hers. He raised his head, eyes gentle. "You are still grieving, cara. You have had an emotional day. Rome has brought back happy memories that have made you sad. That is all."
 A heavy weight lifted from her heart. She felt free for the first time in a long time. Her parents had loved her unconditionally. She remembered that now. They wouldn't dream of judging her and who was she to judge them?
"Nico?"
"Yes, Bronte?"
"I'm starving."
He took her to a family run trattoria.
They ate pasta and drank red wine which brought a light flush to Bronte's cheeks. And Nico discovered she had a passion for ice cream, particularly white chocolate.
On the return to his apartment he realised she loathed the decor with the same passion she had for ice cream. Well, the decor was easily fixed. A few calls and it would be in hand.
After Bronte had made emotionally charged calls to Rosie and a person called Carol cancelling a lunch date, he'd urged her to take a warm bath alone. And he'd left her deeply asleep in his bed. The girl was near collapse this evening. Her face appeared too pale with dark circles of sheer exhaustion under her eyes. Getting up at six every morning was taking its toll but he had a plan to fix that.
Nico narrowed his eyes as he lit a long slim cigar and sank into a recliner on the balcony. His breath rose in the frosty air. He studied the sky. It would snow tomorrow. He could smell it. Blowing smoky circles, Nico carefully analysed the ache in the region of his heart and the butterflies in his gut with a mixture of regret and excitement.
Without him being aware of it, Bronte had slipped into his heart. Time to face facts. He cared about her, perhaps too much? Shrugging his shoulders, he smiled. When the hell had he ever cared whether a woman liked his decor? Never. When had he ever cared enough to comfort a woman? Never.
But then, he'd never had a woman as unaffected and wonderfully naive as Bronte. Was that it? When he thought of the hard, polished, world weary women he usually indulged in, he shuddered. He found it difficult to remember a face and that made him cringe. Was this a mid-life crisis? Thirty-four was surely too young for one.
In the car he'd watched her lightning change of mood and wondered what was behind it. For a moment he thought he may need to take her to a hotel. He could understand her feelings of loss. She had been incredibly close to her parents. It was understandable. And Alexander's accident had brought it all back.
Nico remembered his own mother and her unconditional love for him. Her death had broken him. He could admit it now. But he had been a child of ten, a skinny street urchin, dirt poor and starving. Bronte on the other hand had been blessed with two loving parents and a loving brother.
He inhaled smoke as his mind segued into another issue.
The letter he received from a lawyer requesting him to meet with his father and his half-brother in Rome in two days preyed on his mind. Interesting how they'd crawled out of the woodwork once he was wealthy and successful.
Apparently the old man was seriously ill. Tough, he hoped he burned in hell. He'd left his mother to die, sick and alone and never acknowledged his younger son, Nico.
According to his late grandfather his father had seduced his mother. A married man with a young son, he'd dabbled on the fringes of organised crime. In the letter the lawyer said they didn't want anything except to meet him. His brother wanted to introduce Nico to his family. He had a wife and two kids apparently. He smiled to himself, fat chance.
His sordid past would not touch the life he'd built today. No way would it touch the embryo of what he may build with Bronte. Their relationship was too new, too vulnerable.
Christ, they came from two different backgrounds. He was a tough, streetwise sewer rat and she was the cool English lady with an impressive heritage. For the first time in his life, Nico could see a future stretch in front of him with her at the centre. It scared him how much he wanted it. He craved the routine and a home with Bronte at The Dower House. And one day, perhaps they'd be blessed with a blonde haired little girl and a dark haired little demon with big green eyes like his mother.
Nico shivered with the premonition.
Good Lord, he was being fanciful.
How could this have happened to him in a few days? She was perfect for him he admitted now. He'd known it as soon as he set eyes on her. But his intuition told him something was wrong. Something was tormenting her. It was there in her eyes when she didn't think he was looking. He'd noticed it from the beginning. There were times when she was mentally absent from him. Something dark lurked at the back of her eyes keeping her in the past instead of being in the present moment and he wondered what it meant.
Frowning, anxiety curled at the base of his spine. Nico hoped to God she wasn't in love or still had strong feelings for her ex-fiancé. The man must be a fool to have had her and let her go.
But he shook his head, inhaled and blew out a stream of smoke, staring into the night sky. She was still grieving and that made her vulnerable, although she hadn't been terribly vulnerable yesterday morning. He laughed out loud. 
She was spectacular when she lost her temper, a wildcat. Life with Bronte Ludlow promised to be very interesting. Nico would put good money on it that he would never have a boring moment and how amazing would that be?
She was also a little repressed sexually.
And he laid the blame for that firmly at the door of her ex-fiancé. He studied the tip of his cigar with narrowed eyes. He was almost certain the bastard had made comments about her breasts. She had a hang up about them. Well, he would fix that too. Although he fervently hoped she was not planning implants. He hated those. Bronte did not have an ounce of vanity in her. Unbelievable really, since she was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.
What had the bastard done to her?
And monkey sex?
What on earth was that?


 
Chapter Twenty
"I'm not sure about this."
Bronte twisted and turned in front of a mirror, studying the back of a shocking pink strapless sheath. Her feet were bare. She tugged at the bust and hem of the garment. The dress was too wide at the top and too short.
"I like it. I like the colour." 
She shot Nico a dark look. And who asked for his opinion?
"You would," she said and didn't bother not to sound bitter.
No matter how hard she'd argued that she could afford to buy her own clothes, he'd steamrolled over all her objections and brought her to a place she knew was ridiculously expensive.
It seriously annoyed her that Nico refused to believe shopping for clothes was something she absolutely loathed. And shopping for clothes with a man was a whole new experience. Two hours into new the experience and Bronte decided it was not fun. She should have been at the hospital with her injured brother, but Alexander had made it clear he would see them this afternoon. His visitors would be allowed half an hour because he was having tests. A precaution only and he hoped to be discharged tomorrow. Nico had organised rest and recuperation at his villa on Lake Como. After a heated telephone discussion, Alexander had reluctantly agreed to four weeks.
When she'd mentioned going home tomorrow Nico wouldn't hear of it. He had a meeting on Thursday he said, so they should stay until Friday.
Rosie was all for it, sounding happy and ruling the kitchen with a rod of iron. Bronte had found herself outgunned and outmanoeuvred.
Dressed in casual Armani Nico lounged in a fancy chair looking gorgeous. The bastard and was thoroughly enjoying himself.
Madame Carlotta, the smart, middle aged woman who owned the shop, was French. And she reminded Bronte forcibly of a bird of prey.
Clucking her tongue, Madame sent Nico a reproving look.
"Bronte is not comfortable in it, Nico. It would sit in the back of her wardrobe. What is the point?"
Madame held up strapless number and led a protesting and fed-up Bronte into the changing room. She was sick and tired of being poked and prodded, measured and sighed over as if she was some sort of damned freak.
Her temper bubbled and brewed. She'd endured two hours of sheer hell without a break, without even a sip of water. How much longer was it going to take to find a dress?
She didn't notice Madame's secret smile as she zipped her into a boned sheath of sky blue silk that fitted her like a glove, showcasing her legs.
 Bronte stalked out, stood in front of Nico and struck a pose with attitude. Who in their right mind would want to be a model she asked herself. If he made one smart remark, just one, she would deck him.
Nico sat up straight, made a twirl sign with his finger that made her growl deep in her throat. Bronte turned in a slow circle certain the top of her head was about to explode.
"We'll take it," he said.
Madame clapped her hands.
"Excellent choice. And it does not require altering."
Eyes blazing Bronte whirled on them.
"It doesn't need altering. How amazing is that?"
She unzipped and stepped out of the dress. Naked except for white lacy panties, Bronte picked it up and tossed it into Nico's smiling face before she marched into the changing room.
Madame removed the garment from a laughing Nico and took it to a table. Clucking her tongue, she folded the dress in tissue and shook her head.
"She hates shopping, Nico. Never did I think I would live to see the day you would bring me such a woman."
Nico grinned at her. "I never thought I would live to see the day either."
Madame patted his cheek. With an expert flick she plucked the card out of his hand.
"She is very beautiful. Excellent bones. She can wear anything. It will be a pleasure to dress her. The items will be delivered later today."
Face flushed, eyes spitting fire, Bronte stalked out of the changing room dressed in black from head to toe in jeans, knee high flat suede boots and polo neck sweater. She'd tied her hair in a high pony tail.
Nico held out her black quilted jacket.
She thrust her arms into it and gave him a look that would have melted titanium.
Only manners that had been drummed into Bronte from childhood held her back from storming out of the door.
She held out her hand.
"Thank you for all your help and assistance."
Madame cleared her throat, eyes sparkling as she shook hands.
"I hope to have the pleasure of seeing you very soon."
Nico held open the door and Bronte breezed past him.
"Hell will freeze first," she muttered.
Taking a deep breath she inhaled wonderfully cool air, spotted an empty table at a cafe across the square and made a beeline straight for it.
Ignoring the interested looks of the local populace she plonked herself in a chair.
Picking up a menu, she waved it at a good looking waiter who sprang to attention and flicked a glance at Nico as he sat next to her.
"I'll have a large hot chocolate, heavy on the marshmallows," Bronte told the waiter with big a smile that made him blink. "A smoked cheese and ham baguette. A glass of Frascati, make it a large one. Oh, and a bottle of still water, thank you."
Rummaging in her big bag, she brought out a packet of ibuprofen.
The waiter raised a brow at Nico who told him, "I will have the same, grazie."
The water and wine arrived.
Bronte popped a couple of pills into her mouth, took a sip of water and sat back.
She blew out a long breath and met those dark slightly perplexed eyes.
"Something tells me you do not enjoy shopping for clothes," Nico mused.
"Funny, very funny."
His eyes widened and those lips twitched as she took a sip of hot chocolate with a little moan of pleasure.
"You never cease to surprise me, cara."
"Think of me as a plant for a moment." Bronte almost laughed out loud at his bewildered expression. "Would you feed and water a plant or would you leave it to die without sustenance?" And saw the light switch on.
"Ahh, I should have realised. You needed a drink? Why did you not say so?"
She looked at him through narrowed eyes as Nico put up his hands in a gesture of peace and Bronte continued, "I had no idea I would be spending two hours in the place being poked and prodded as if I was some sort of oddity. If that woman muttered or tutted one more time I was ready to ... What?"
She took a breath as Nico stared at her in stupefied amazement.
"Why do you believe you are not beautiful?"
A flush of mortification washed over her cheeks and she wriggled in her seat.
What was he talking about? She was okay looking.
Her school days had been hell with her pale hair and colouring. The jeers about her too skinny legs and pancake flat chest still had the power to hurt.
"I don't think about how I look." Liar, her conscience dug her in the ribs. Yes, but that was the breast thing, not her appearance as such.
Nico sipped his wine, eyeing her over the glass.
She was actually unaware of her own impact.
"I want you to look at all the men in the cafe."
She stared at him, shrugged and dug out her glasses from her handbag.
He had a light bulb moment.
"You are short sighted?"
Bronte tossed him a belligerent look.
"A little. I need them when I'm driving or when I'm working."
"How do people look to you without them?"
"From a distance? A little blurry. Why do you want me to look at men?"
"Just do it."
So she did. Every single one gave her a little nod, a couple even winked.
"What's the matter with them?"
A laugh burst from his chest and she smiled back at him as he roared. 
Nico took her fingers to his lips and stared into her eyes.
"Never change. I adore you, Bronte."
He read the wary confusion in her eyes and cursed his tongue. Too soon, Nico, too soon.
Their food arrived and he smiled his thanks. Relaxed, he sat back and fascinated, watched her wolf down her food.
Most women he knew made a lettuce leaf last for an hour.
"Why do you always wear black?"
She shrugged. "It's easy. I can't be bothered to work out what to wear every day. When I'm working I wear my chef whites. In summer, jeans and T-shirts."
"Don't you find it boring?"
Bronte put down her sandwich with care and met his gaze dead on.
"No. Why do you find it boring?"
Her raised brows dared him to reply in the affirmative.
Nico attempted to climb out of the big hole he had dug for himself.
"Not at all. It suits you with your colouring. Very dramatic." He shrugged. "I am thinking about the ball."
Her eyes grew huge.
"What was that we did this morning?" 
"That was a dress for this evening."
"What's happening this evening?"
"We are going dancing."
Her jaw dropped as sheer delight entered her eyes.
She leaned over and gripped his neck, pulling him close.
The green of her eyes appeared more vivid up close in daylight, with tiny flecks of amber in them. Her nose had a sprinkling of freckles he had not noticed before. The scent of her surrounded him and that fabulous mouth smiled.
"You're taking me dancing?" And she gave him a long lazy kiss.
Nico gripped her ponytail and kissed her back, only his was hotter and harder.
His heart turned over as he tasted her soft, silky mouth. And he wondered if she realised that it was the first time she'd made the first move. It meant so much to him he surprised himself with the well of emotion it opened up in his chest.
Bronte ran a finger down his cheek with a wicked look in her eye.
A little thrill ran up his spine. She was flirting with him and he loved it.
"After we visit Alexander I'm going to need shoes."
He gaped at her. "But I thought you hated shopping."
"Darling, that is for clothes."
She sent him a pitying look as he tried to recover from the shock of being called darling in that low sexy purr.
He'd been called darling before but it had never affected him like this.
"Shoes are an entirely different thing." Eyes a dreamy emerald, Bronte gave a couple of shoulder rolls and a little wiggle of her fingers. "I'm in Italy, the shoe capital of the world. Bring it on."
Unthinking she stroked the back of his hand with feather light fingers sending a jolt straight to his loins as she continued,
"You're the expert on Rome. Where do we go first to put a big fat dent in my credit card?" He opened his mouth to protest and she placed her finger on his lips as her eyes met his. "Oh no, Mr Hotshot. You can buy me a dress but the shoes are all mine."
She looked determined and he found he didn't want to argue. "If you are happy, I am happy." He glanced at his watch. They had an hour before they could visit Alexander. "I have sent flowers, but I was thinking we should pick up a few magazines for the patient."
They arrived to find Alexander looking brighter and more like himself.
Hair damp from a shower, he sat against a waterfall of snowy pillows dressed in navy soft cotton jogging bottoms and T-shirt. His right arm was in a sling. With relief, Bronte noticed the swelling had gone down over his eye which already boasted a rainbow of colours spreading over his cheekbone.
Sitting on the edge of the bed, she squeezed his calf and rubbed his leg.
"These are a big improvement on that girly hospital gown. How's the shoulder?"
"Sore. But it'll be fine." He winced as he made himself more comfortable and nodded to the flowers, glossy magazines and overfilled basket of fruit. "Thanks for these."
She gave him big eyes and tucked her tongue firmly in her cheek.
"Who helped you with the shower? The blonde or the brunette?" she asked, referring to the attractive young nurses lurking at the door.
He flicked a long suffering look at Nico who only shook his head.
"Neither, his name was Jorge. I believe he's from Scandinavia."
Bronte bit down hard on her lip as he sent her a dark look.
"It's not funny. How would you like a member of the same sex making sure your bits were squeaky clean?"
Her shoulders shook as she wiped her eyes.
"God, wait 'till I tell Rosie."
Genuine alarm entered his eyes and he stabbed a finger at her.
"Don't even think about it. What have I ever done to you? She'll dine out on it for months." He turned panicked eyes to Nico. "You've got to help me here. I'll never hear the end of it."
Nico moved in, his fingers squeezing her neck as he whispered in her ear.
"Cara, be nice."
Her brother still looked too pale. Although he was putting on a brave face Bronte could see he was in pain so she decided to cut him a break.
"Okay, I won't tell her. But only if you agree to four weeks recuperation at Nico's house in Lake Como."
He glowered at her, narrowing his eyes. "I've already said I would, haven't I?"
Yeah, but she knew her brother. What he said and what he did were two entirely different things. "Swear." She spat on the palm of her hand and held it out. Nico squeezed her neck again and she felt his body shake with laughter.
"I don't believe this," Alexander told her, with a snarl. "What are you, twelve?"
"It's up to you. If you don't swear, I'll phone Rosie right here, right now."
With a look that could melt solid steel, he spat on his palm and gripped hers.
"You'd better stick to the bargain."
"Think yourself lucky, big boy." She flashed him a huge smile. "It could have been a blood oath."
Alexander groaned as a nurse entered with a blood pressure machine and a tray that contained sharps.
As his sister, Bronte knew it was her sworn duty to ensure her brother took his medicine.
"Man up. It'll only be a little scratch."
Nico's grip on her neck tightened in warning.
"The helicopter will pick you up in a couple of hours. Everything is ready for you at the house, including a nurse."
Defeated, Alexander gave them a look that reminded her of an abandoned puppy. "Okay, but it had better not be Jorge."
Nico bit his lip. "I believe her name is Lydia."
Perking up at the news, Alexander brows winged into his hairline.
"Really? Blonde, brunette, red-head?"
"Ah, I believe she might have been a brunette when she was younger."
"Aw, come on, Nico." He winced as the nurse took his blood pressure. "Well, at least I'll have my laptop and can get some work done."
Alarmed, Bronte sent Nico a look, but he was busy flicking fluff from his sleeve and didn't meet her eye.
"The laptop was damaged in the accident. However, I have a comprehensive library of books, DVDs and music. And a full complement of staff to see to your every need. All you have to do is to get well."
"For Christ's sake," Alexander said in disgust.
A couple of doctors arrived and it was their cue to leave.
Nico spoke to them in Italian and appeared perfectly happy with what they said.
He pressed Alexander's good shoulder.
"I'll phone you later. If you need anything, just ask."
Bronte kissed his cheek. "Take care of yourself."
Her brother looked at Nico and then met her eyes. "You too."
It was not often Nico found himself out of his depth.
But he had never ever seen a woman buy shoes the way Bronte did.
It was a sensory experience for her. Totally focused she studied them from every angle. Her fingers stroked and smoothed the butter soft leather. Then she smelt them which made him grin at the assistant who appeared to share her devotion.
Trying them on was a whole new experience in itself. She bought four pairs, one for the evening and the others because she 'just couldn't resist.'
"Why are you looking at these?" he wondered. "This is the men's department."
Like a lover, she stroked a pair of boots and sent him a sly smile which got his juices flowing.
"This might come as a surprise to you, Nico, but you are a man. Try them on."
Her arms wound around his waist as the assistant went off to find his size. She gazed up into his face with wide eyes.
"Big feet? Hmm, you know what they say about a man who has big feet?"
Laughing into her naughty face, his breath caught in his throat.
He tried them on then did as he was told and walked up and down.
"Do you love them?" She wanted to know.
"They are comfortable."
"No, do you love them?"
The look in her eye reminded him of a zealot priest.
He nodded. "Absolutely, I love them."
Thrilled to bits, she handed over her credit card to the assistant without a blink.
She tucked her arm in his as they strolled down the Via Borgognona.
"I feel another coffee coming on." She steered them to an empty table, piling boxes onto an empty chair.
"You should not spend so much of your own money."
He blurted it out before he thought about how she might take it. But although her eyes flashed, she just gave him a cool little smile and crooked a finger. He leaned closer.
"I work hard. The business is in the black. I can afford a couple of pairs of shoes, Nico. Say thank you."
"I apologise I did not mean to offend you. Grazie, for thinking of me."
Her annoyed expression was replaced by one of genuine bewilderment.
"Has a woman never bought you a gift?" she demanded with a glint of temper in her eye.
The thought had never occurred to him. Those emerald eyes widened in amazement as she shook her head. She poured sugar into her cappuccino, stirred it and then slapped down the spoon.
"All I can say is you are mixing in the wrong company." She took a sip, held his gaze. "And it's a damned disgrace."
He looked stunned.
Bronte eyed him over the rim of her cup. What sort of women did he mix with? Okay, don't go there. Frowning, she realised that Nico appeared to live an incredibly isolated existence.
A couple with a small child, a boy of around three years old with glossy curls and happy chocolate eyes, sat at the next table. The father said something to Nico and he laughed as they entered a conversation in Italian she couldn't follow.
She permitted her attention to wander over the rest of the customers.
Busy place. Italian men were incredibly attractive, she'd give them that. Then she spotted a big man sitting in a quiet corner staring intently at Nico.
She pulled her glasses out of her bag and took a better look.
Weird, he looked like an older, harder version of Nico. Maybe he came from the same part of the country? By his expensive clothes, she surmised he was a businessman.
The man caught her eye. She shivered at the chill in eyes scarily like Nico's. His mouth thinned as he jerked a nod at her. Bronte kept an eye on him as he paid the bill and left. Yes, he was tall and broad too. He even held himself like Nico as he walked.
Laughter from the other table brought her attention back to the couple with the adorable little boy.
"What are they saying?" She smiled at them thinking she should mention the man to Nico.
"They asked when we are going to start a family."
Her heart took a stumble in her chest.
To distract herself she gave him a teasing look. 
"There speaks the man who never wants a family or commitments. I hope you told them we are not married."
Dark eyes, perfectly serious now, held hers.
"A man might change his mind if he found the right woman."
A fist to the gut would have hurt less.
Giving what she hoped was an unconcerned smile. Bronte sipped her coffee and shivered.
"Come, cara, you are getting cold."
They said goodbye to the family and she ordered herself to pull it together.
It was ridiculous that an innocent remark should have the power to destroy her peace of mind. But her heart felt as frozen as the icy wind that whipped through the streets.
A few flakes of snow whirled around them and they picked up the pace.



Chapter Twenty One
 
Her cheeks stung with cold as Nico opened the doors to the apartment.
He placed their shopping bags on the floor and Bronte gasped.
Gone were the masculine furnishings. Had there been a fire in the wall before? There must have been but she hadn't noticed it.
Stunned, she wandered through low linen sofas in a stone colour with huge cushions in toning jewel shades. Her fingers smoothed ivory cashmere throws. Her gaze slid over glass coffee tables laden with huge Venetian glass bowls in corals and reds. Everything was pulled together with rugs in vivid matching shades. A soft warm glow came from various lamps placed strategically around the room. The atmosphere was welcoming and cosy.
And fresh flowers with vibrant, exotic blooms in hot colours were everywhere, on the dining table, serving tables, even in the kitchen.
She pressed trembling fingers to her lips as she turned to Nico.
He'd shrugged off his coat and was leaning against the doorframe watching her with a big grin.
"You like it?"
"What's not to like? It looks fabulous."
Confused, she walked towards him.
"But why? Why would you do such a thing?"
"I do not spend much time in this apartment. I saw it through your eyes last night. It needed a change. My main residence in Italy is on Lake Como although I never spend much time there."
Bronte nodded, she knew he travelled a great deal and noticed he called it a residence, not a home. Again she spun in a circle to take in the change.
"How on earth did you manage to do this in one day?"
Nico pulled her into his arms.
His hands slipped under her sweater and feather light fingers stroked her skin, sending wave after wave of shimmering desire through her.
"Cara, I told you. I identify talent and let them do the work. This is an example of an incredibly efficient company whose business is to stage expensive properties for sale. They are involved in the interior design of my hotels. I gave them a ring last night. I did not, as you say, get my hands dirty."
"Wow, if this is an example of how you do business I'm impressed."
A wicked gleam came into his eye.
"How impressed?"
She ran her hands under his sweater, exploring the muscles and tendons of his chest as he backed her into the bedroom. Then she pulled his head down for a scorching kiss. Sucking his bottom lip into her mouth her fingers found his belt. She unbuttoned his trousers, eased down the zip as her hand slid inside his jockeys and found him rock hard.
Her breath came in quick pants as he lifted her in his arms.
"Very, very impressed," she told him with a little purr.
Something had changed.
The feel of his hands on her, the way he touched her, kissed her, was quite different. 
His lips had changed. Those kisses scorched a path down and through her entire body.
This time when he entered her it was with exquisitely slow hip thrusts. 
His eyes held hers with an intensity she found mesmerising. His fingers linked tightly with hers.
"Stay with me, Bronte. Look at me. See what you do to me."
Her breath sobbed in her throat as his eyes darkened, his breathing harsh as he tried to control her orgasm. As she fell apart, he caught her scream with his mouth and then followed her into the abyss.
His fingers stroked her as her shudders calmed and she dozed.
A firm smack to her bare bottom brought her wide awake.
"Hey, what was that for?"
Nico scooped her up, striding into the shower.
He set the water for warm rather than hot and dumped her under it.
Roaring with laughter at her shriek, he pinned her to the wall and kissed her senseless until her system sizzled again with need.
He raised his head, water beading on thick black lashes.
"Dancing, remember?"
She gave a little mew of pretend discontent and batted her eyes at him.
"Oh, I don't know. Hot sex in the shower or dancing?" She bit down on her bottom lip and gave him big eyes. "Decisions, decisions."
He pumped soap into his hand from a dispenser and rubbed it over her breasts, rinsed until the water ran clear, then reached down. Her eyes rolled back in her head. The man had magic fingers.
"I am Italian, cara. I can do both."
Bronte put the finishing touches to her make-up.
She shook back her hair, shimmied into the sky blue dress and zipped it up.
The neutral Jimmy Choos looked fabulous. The five inch heels would kill later she knew, but no pain no gain.
She grabbed a matching clutch bag she'd snuck past the ever vigilant Nico.
A quick spritz of Baby G and she was ready.
"Wow."
She turned.
He leaned against the bedroom door looking wonderful in a sharp dark suit with an open neck matching shirt. His eyes, dark and brooding, studied her from head to toe as if he'd never seen her before.
A little shiver of apprehension scurried up her spine.
"What's the matter?"
He pressed a hot kiss to her cheek, sniffed her neck.
"I'm going to have to fight them off tonight."
The driver of the Bentley held the door open and Nico handed her into the back of the car.
The lights of Rome streamed past as he pulled her close and tucked her under his shoulder. Holding her hand he did his habitual rubbing of her knuckles. Excited nerves fluttered madly in her stomach. Along with a growing sense of unreality that she was beginning to realise was the result of stress. She really needed to get a handle on her emotions or she would end up on the therapist's couch.
They purred to a stop outside a nightclub which had a queue as far as the eye could see.
Eyes wide, Bronte turned to Nico.
"How long will we need to wait?"
"Not long," he whispered his voice low and husky.
A wave of paparazzi surged toward the car calling out in Italian as their cameras flashed.
She blinked as a team of burly security men pushed them back.
With a huge smile for Nico, a doorman ran down the steps to open the car door.
They were whisked past the crowd and press, and into an area cordoned off from the rest of the club. The VIP lounge.
She gave him a fulminating look, squeezed his hand.
"You own this don't you?"
His lips twitched. She wondered if there was anything he didn't have an interest in.
"I have a partner."
Bronte slanted him a look. Tall and powerful, eyes narrowed, he surveyed the room missing nothing. In this environment he was in his element and she was totally out of hers. Nico Ferranti, she realised with a chill, was the ruling King of this particular jungle.
A glass of champagne in her hand, he led her to a corner furnished with contemporary sofas. They sipped companionably as she watched, fascinated, by the beautiful people. She recognised some of them from glossy magazines.
He toyed with her hair as she turned to him.
"Was that who I think it is?" Her gaze followed major European Royalty.
"Mmm hmm," he whispered, nuzzling her ear, sending a little shiver over her skin.
A dark-eyed, dark-haired beauty, in a black dress that looked as if it had been sprayed on, sashayed up to Nico. She pressed amazing breasts into him and tried to give him a hot kiss on the mouth.
In a move Bronte could only admire he managed to avoid the kiss and the breasts. Nico flicked a cool look to another man, security she supposed by his earpiece, who stood against the wall. He moved to the woman's side, held her arm, whispering in her ear.
As she was led away, the woman's smouldering eyes held a mix of hot lust and despair. Bronte found herself feeling sorry for her. Is that what she would be like when this fantasy ended? She'd better remember to keep her dignity intact.
The cold closed expression on Nico's face gave her the icy feeling that she was out of her depth with this man.
She'd better remember why she was here, an affair that was all and nothing more. She was out to have fun and live life to the full for a change. But something in the woman's eyes tugged at her.
"Who was she?"
Nico's look held a burning impatience, along with a warning.
"No one."
Stung by his attitude as much as by the tone, she lifted her chin.
"She is a human being and deserves to be treated as one."
Why was she making a big deal of this? How would she handle it if he treated her like that? The problem was she knew she couldn't handle it.
"Someone I once knew," he told her with reluctance and she noticed his jaw tighten.
"Did you have a relationship with her?"
He sighed in frustration, pulling her into his arms.
"I would not call it a relationship. It was a long time ago."
"Shall I take a wild guess and say it didn't end well?"
His eyes met hers.
"It ended badly, my fault. She wanted something I could not give her."
"She loves you."
He shook his head, looking her dead in the eye.
"No, she loves what I can give her. If I was penniless, she would not look at me."
He slanted her a cool look as he pulled her to her feet.
Taking her hand, he led her through the crowd to the dance floor.
Bronte yelped as strong hands gripped her waist and spun her round.
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Nico move to intervene.
"Bronte Ludlow, what the hell are you doing here?"
With a delighted laugh, she threw herself into the arms of a tall, tanned man with movie star good looks.
"Oliver."
Lord Oliver Bartholomew's blue, blue eyes sparkled into hers.
He held her at arms length and blew out a long whistle.
"I won't ask how you are, I can see for myself. Where have you been all my life?"
He pulled her to him and dropped her backwards with a passionate kiss.
He swung her up as she mussed his sun kissed hair and patted his cheek.
Still smiling, she grabbed Oliver's hand and turned to Nico who gave them a bland stare. Her pulse jerked at the possessive look in his eye and she heard Oliver chuckle.
The trouble with Oliver was he was almost like Alexander, a protective older brother and perfectly capable of putting Nico through his paces.
Oliver frowned at Nico and she dug him in the ribs.
Wisely, Oliver controlled the grin and kept his face straight as he squeezed her hand.
She did the introductions and the men shook hands. Eyeing each other like two alpha wolves sniffing the air.
"Where's Lucy?" she asked, to break the suddenly tense atmosphere.
Oliver merely pressed hot little kisses to the inside of her wrist with one eye on Nico.
Bronte nearly groaned out loud as Nico narrowed his eyes.
"I'm divorcing her and marrying you."
"Try it, pal, and you'll never father children."
With high mutual screams, Bronte and Lucy jumped around like lunatics.
The men grinned at one another and Nico pressed a finger to his ear.
"What are you doing here?" Lucy demanded.
Bronte decided that married life certainly suited her old school friend. She wore a mini dress in ivory lace that contrasted beautifully with her skin. With legs up to her armpits, cropped black shiny hair and dusky complexion, she looked fabulous. A supermodel, Lucy had been scouted at the age of sixteen and never looked back.
"I'm here with Nico for a few days. Alexander had a car accident, he's going to be okay," she said quickly as Lucy gasped. "Nico flew me over yesterday."
Lucy cast her expert eye over him as Oliver introduced his wife.
She turned to Bronte with raised brows and wide eyes.
"Hubba bubba, he's gorgeous. How did you meet him?"
Bronte filled her in.
Lucy caught her in a bone crushing hug.
"How are you holding up?" she whispered in her ear.
"I'm doing really well."
Her friend studied her with serious eyes for a moment.
"You look happy and that makes me happy." Then she gave her a naughty smile. "He's an upgrade from Jonathan."
"He certainly is."
Bronte found Nico watching her carefully, she caught his eye and he sent her a slow, sexy smile.
"Now that looks like a hungry man and I don't mean for food," Lucy drawled into her ear.
Oliver gave Bronte a kiss and slipped an arm around his wife.
"Darling, if we don't get a move on, we'll be late."
Lucy pecked her cheek, waving at Nico as she was dragged off.
"Speak soon, honey, I'll break my diet and pay you a visit."
 
"Nice people." Leading her onto the dance floor, Nico slid his arms around her, swaying to the beat of the music. "For a moment I thought I had competition."
Bronte batted her eyelashes and he sent her a delighted grin.
"Oliver was the first boy to see me naked." She laughed at his pained expression. "I was eighteen months old and he was eight." 
"They look good together."
"They've known each other all their lives. They were meant to be."
"Ahh, Bronte the romantic. Come, let us dance."
She had to hand it to him, the man had moves. Not only that, he could sing too. He hummed in her ear to a sexy slow number, twirled her until her head spun to fast music. And rocked and rolled the night away.
Yes, he would be the possessive type, she mused, as she shared hot, searing kisses in the back of the car on their way home.
And Bronte decided she didn't give a damn.
Tired, but still nicely buzzed, Bronte sat on the edge of the bed.
Taking off her shoes, she caught a glimpse of her reflection in a floor to ceiling mirror propped against the wall.
What had happened to Bronte Ludlow, pastry chef and owner of Sweet Sensation?
She looked like a woman who was wildly in love with the man of her dreams.
No, not in love she corrected herself, in lust. Her heart was safe.
With a white towel slung low on lean hips, Nico pulled her to her feet and stood behind her, firm fingers smoothed and pressed the flesh across her shoulders.
Tipping her head back, she enjoyed the moment.
He slid down her zip, lifting her as the dress pooled at her feet then drew her back against him.
Eyes dark with longing met hers in the mirror.
Her eyes widened in surprise as he placed her hands around his neck then stroked her breasts, his thumbs circling rosy nipples.
She was riveted by the frantic pulse in her neck.
Was that woman with the wild, dazed eyes really her?
Embarrassment flooded her cheeks as she lowered her lashes.
Nico tipped up her chin, his eyes more intense.
"Watch, see what happens to you when I give you pleasure," he said, without taking his eyes off her face. A gasp escaped from her throat as he ripped off her panties. Hot lips found the spot below her ear that made her purr like a cat. "Hold on to me."
Nico pressed hot kisses along her jaw and she stretched back to give him access. How could she permit him to do this to her?
Fascinated, she could hardly breathe as she watched his hands reach lower, fingers tantalising and teasing her navel.
The woman in the mirror trembled, licked her lips as she rocked her pelvis back and forth in wanton invitation. Under the towel, his cock jerked into the small of her back.
"Open your legs," he moaned in her ear.
Eyes huge, she complied.
His fingertips stroked around her clitoris. Heat licked under her skin as the orgasm built. It felt too good to have him touch her there. Gentle fingers stroked those sensitive lips, swollen and slick. The evidence of her arousal wept upon his fingers as a dark pleasure shuddered through her.
He took her hand, licked two of her fingers and placed them between her legs.
"Oh! No ... I ..." His fingers covered hers as they pleasured her. The woman in the mirror moaned as her legs gave way and together they sank to the floor.
"Watch, see how beautiful you look." Sitting her between his legs, his fingers guided hers into secret places.
"I can't..."
Still his eyes stayed on hers.
"I love looking at you when you come. Let me show you."
His fingers, slick and wet, swirled teasingly around the spot. That little nub stood proud and ready.
She was burning up, her breath panting now.
Bronte reared up and her cry of release pierced straight into his loins.
The tenuous control Nico exerted over his raging libido snapped and he lifted her, tossing her onto the bed. Emerald eyes, wide with aroused surprise, flew to his. He read excitement mixed with nerves and it only made the fire in his groin burn even hotter. This was no slow seduction that gripped him, this was a ravenous hunger.
He was starving and fell upon her.
He loved the smell of her skin. The taste of her mouth, that flat stomach, he could not get enough of her. Frantic now, his teeth tugged her nipple, as his hands ruthlessly explored. Her little cries of pleasure drove him crazy. The searing lust in his loins sent him over the edge and she bucked under him.
He flipped her onto her hands and knees, lifting her hips ruthlessly and entered her with one hard thrust, then rode her fast and hard. She screamed and he held still, breath gasping for control as she fisted around him, the after-shocks drained his life-giving fluid and he followed her into oblivion.
Bronte's legs clung around his waist.
She laid her head on his shoulder as he carried her into the bathroom.
Drowsy, she lay relaxed between his legs, up to her neck in bubbles in a stone bath in the shape of an egg. He simply held her, his cheek against her hair as he muttered words in Italian. She could stay like this forever she mused as her mind drifted.
"Come, cara mia, you are almost asleep."
Wrapped in a huge white bath towel, he carried her into the bedroom. And Bronte felt her eyes sting. Had anyone ever cared for her like this?
Naked, she slid under the duvet and into his arms. Her last thought before she sank into a dreamless sleep was that life just didn't get any better than this. And she ruthlessly ignored the little voice that told her to make the most of it.
 


Chapter Twenty Two
 
"I have a meeting."
Bronte looked up from her breakfast.
Today Nico wore a power suit and looked more like the man who owned Ludlow Hall than the man who'd burned up the dance floor last night.
"I have plenty to do. Nico, don't look like that. I don't mind."
She rose, gave him a hug and pressed a kiss on his smooth cheek.
He caught her in a rib crushing embrace, pressing his mouth to her throat.
"Take this." He handed her a Blackberry Smartphone. "I noticed you using one at home. If you need me, my personal number is at the top of the list. I need a favour?" He gave her an over bright smile that had her narrow her eyes.
"Yes?"
"Pop into Madame's and try on three evening gowns she has selected for the ball. The driver will take you anywhere you want to go."
The pleading look in his eyes melted her heart.
"Only three?" At his nod, she gave in. "Okay, but I don't need the driver."
"This is the one."
Madame clapped her hands as Bronte turned in front of her. The designer label made her uneasy. It probably cost a small fortune, but she had to admit, it was a dream. Chiffon Elie Saab in ivory and gold silk. Strapless and fitted across the bust, it fell in a glittering waterfall from her hips. It could have been made for her.
"I'll take it."
"Would you like to try on ...?"
Bronte interrupted her with a firm little smile.
"No, but thank you."
Madame patted her hand.
"I'll have it boxed and delivered to Nico's apartment." She slanted Bronte a look. "You make him happy. Take care of his heart; he does not give it easily."
"I'm sorry?" Stiffly polite, Bronte stared at her.
The woman blushed and took a breath.
"I apologise if I have offended you. He is very dear to me." She moved to the window and stared out into the street. "See those boys?"
Bronte moved to her side and saw a couple of very dirty little boys, around nine years old, playing with a football. "He was one of those a long time ago." She turned back to Bronte and smiled. "He has done well for himself, no?"
Yet another piece of the puzzle that was Nico, Bronte mused, taking a seat at the same cafe they'd visited the day before.
Raising her face to the winter sun, she absorbed the buzz of Italian voices, the scent of coffee, enjoying the moment and the spell Rome had cast over her.
A shadow fell across and she opened her eyes.
The man who had been watching Nico in the cafe yesterday stood before her.
He wore a grey suit under a camel coat that hugged his wide shoulders.
Imposing, was her first thought. The second was he looked just like Nico, but older - late thirties? He had the same aquiline features, perhaps sharper, with none of Nico's easy humour in his eyes.
Eyes that appeared almost black.
"Scuse signorina. You are English?"
The accent was stronger. Those eyes pinned her to the chair as she nodded.
"May I join you?" He settled into the chair next to her before she answered.
Alarm battled with curiosity as her mind raced. What could he do to her in broad daylight?
"I will not harm you, Miss Ludlow. I wish to speak with you about Nico."
She blinked in surprise. "I have no intention of discussing him with you or anyone else."
His mouth twisted in what could have been a smile. He placed a business card on the table. Gabriel Ferranti, CEO of Ferranti Enterprises.
She placed her palms on the table ready to leave. Then something in his eyes had her pause. What was it they said about curiosity?
"Who are you?"
Gabriel stirred sugar into an espresso as the waiter served her another cappuccino.
He watched her carefully. "I am his brother."
Her eyes flew to his face. "I'm sorry, but Nico has no family."
Perhaps she could have been a little more diplomatic?
The expressions in his face were fleeting, but she caught the shock, replaced by pain, replaced by a cold anger.
He nodded and placed the tiny cup very carefully on the saucer.
"How dare you speak to her?"
Bronte's head whipped up, not only at the freezing tone of Nico's voice but the suppressed violence that accompanied it.
His eyes lasered into the man who sat at the table.
Gabriel stood now, his eyes just as furious as his brother's. And they were brothers. Bronte's breath caught in her throat. My God, they could have been twins.
"Are you unhurt?"
Nico's furious eyes held hers and she read a dark agony before he hooded his lids.
"I'm fine." She desperately tried to catch his eye.
Gabriel's snort of derision brought Nico's head up.
"How dare you approach her," he thundered.
His voice shook with anger and for a moment Bronte thought he was going to strike out.
She gripped his hand.
"I would not have approached her if you responded to our letters or answered our telephone calls."
Nico's voice trembled with suppressed violence. "I have nothing to say to you."
Gabriel leaned in closer and spoke in Italian, his voice viciously angry.
Whatever he said, they were nose to nose and Nico responded through his teeth in Italian. It brought a hot angry flush to Gabriel's face. The whole cafe had gone deathly quiet and Bronte realised every single person was listening.
She stood, trying to squeeze Nico's hand. He was holding hers so tight he'd almost cut off the blood supply in her fingers.
Desperate, she used a tone her mother had perfected when dealing with her and Alexander when they were at each other's throats.
"This is not the place to have this conversation. You're drawing too much attention to yourselves."
Gabriel nodded his head and his eyes met hers.
The expression in those dark eyes was so like Nico's it brought a hot lump to her throat.
Bronte recognised desperation when she saw it.
"I apologise for upsetting you, Signorina Ludlow."
With a final remark in Italian to his brother, Gabriel gave her a stiff bow and left.
For a moment Bronte felt lightheaded until she realised she'd been holding her breath.
"What ...?"
Nico turned to her, his lips white.
Those eyes were black as coal and lasered into hers.
"Not here. What the hell were you thinking?"
She blinked. The tone hard and cold brought jittery nerves into her stomach.
Her feet fought to keep pace with her racing heart as he strode through the streets, his grip on her arm felt like a vice. How was any of this her fault? He was the one who told her he had no family. Apparently he'd lied. He had a brother and God knew what else.
"Nico, slow down." Her voice sounded high and panicky and it seriously ticked her off.
 He ignored her and if anything his pace increased. He pushed her into the lift to his apartment ahead of him.
Chest heaving, Bronte rubbed her arm and spun around.
"You lied to me." 
He looked as if she'd slapped him.
A bleak sadness whirled in his stormy grey eyes. He refused to speak to her.
This is the stuff of nightmares, she thought, as he marched her through the door to his apartment. She jumped as the door slammed like a gunshot and braced herself.
Nico threw his jacket and coat on the floor, loosened his tie and unbuttoned the neck of his shirt.
Genuine distress flooded into his eyes and she pressed her fingernails into the palm of her hand.
"Why were you speaking to him?"
"I ..."
Bronte realised she had no answer to his question that would satisfy the fury in his voice. To tell him she spoke to his brother because he looked and sounded so much like him made her look and sound ridiculous.
She'd wanted to help, to understand what made Nico tick. Something had happened to him as a child. That much was clear to her. How could she tell him she needed to understand him? To help her come to terms with the feelings she had for him, feelings that terrified her.
Face composed, voice level, she studied his face.
"Why did you lie to me?"
His eyes were darker than night and she shivered as the shutters came down. His face was cold and hard. There was no sign of the man she knew, with whom she'd fallen irrevocably in love with.
"My personal life is none of your business," he told her in a tone that lashed over her frayed nerves.
She nodded, just what she'd expected. Nausea rolled up into her throat and she moved to the bedroom.
He followed her, pulled her round to face him.
"My father is dying."
His father? Okay, so he had a father and brother. That explained the undercurrent of sadness with Gabriel.
"I am sorry, Nico."
"Apparently, he wishes to see me."
"You've never met him?"
"No."
Pity for him rose into her throat but she knew better than to show it. He would never forgive her. Instead she sat on the edge of the bed. Nico didn't forgive. She'd seen that last night at the nightclub. He saw things in black and white with no grey areas. The man had defined lines about how he ran his life. And she'd stepped over one today by talking to his brother.
He sat on the edge of the bed now with his head in his hands.
"He is your father and you have a brother? A family?"
He lifted his head and shot her a look of smouldering impatience.
"Why did you speak to him? My family has nothing to do with you."
It had everything to do with her, she thought. She loved him, she could admit it now. He was so alone in his life.
Nico rose and stalked into the sitting room. He poured himself a cognac and swallowed it in one.
Bronte stood at the door, uncertain and unsure. And she gathered herself.
"I know what it's like to have a parent die with words unsaid. Words unspoken breed anger, fear and mistrust."
Nico turned to her and looked as if he wanted to strangle her.
"What are you talking about?"
She felt a glimmer of hope. At least he was listening to her.
"My mother. There were things ... she should have told me. Important things that I had a right to know."
She jumped as the glass shattered against the wall.
"You have no right to interfere in my life," he roared.
Chin high, eyes flashing, Bronte stood her ground.
"You will live to regret it every day of your life if you do not listen to what he has to say. What happened to we need the truth between us?"
Eyes weary now, he stared at her and shook his head.
"You know nothing about me. You do not understand."
"Then tell me. Make me understand."
With a heavy heart, she witnessed him struggle with inner turmoil and felt so helpless. There was nothing she could do for him if he refused to trust her.
She turned away.
"I lost my mother when I was ten." He sank into a sofa and laid his head back. Eyes wide, he stared at the ceiling. "When she became pregnant with me, her father threw her out, disowned her. Her lover was a married man with a young son. She died in poverty, sick and alone. After she died, my grandfather took me in. He reminded me of my birth every day."
She cleared the lump in her throat, her heart breaking for the sad little boy she saw in the man. A man who had never fully healed, she realised and sat opposite him.
He took a breath and continued.
"My grandfather was a vicious unforgiving bastard. But at least he gave me an education. He told me everything I need to know about my biological father. My father left us to starve on the streets. I will have nothing to do with him or his son."
Bronte blinked. Her mind racing, surely he could see that his grandfather was just as responsible?
"Your grandfather?"
"He died twelve years ago and I built up my business from his legacy." He turned tormented eyes to her. "I will not be tainted by my father. He is dead to me."
Okay. "Why would you listen to the views of a man who turned his back on his daughter and her baby?" She moved to sit beside him, took his hand and rubbed the back of his knuckles. He stared at the ceiling, jaw clenched as she continued.
"Yes, your father might be a monster and your brother even worse, but unless you hear the facts for yourself, how will you ever know?"
He pulled his hand from hers and stood.
She recognised the expression. It was the same one on his face when he dealt with the woman in the nightclub.
Nerves dried her mouth.
"I do not wish to discuss it further."
"I'm being your friend, Nico," she whispered.
The expression in his eyes chilled her blood.
"You have listened to my enemy and taken his side. Is that how you treat a friend?"
"I have not taken sides, Nico," she whispered. But her conscience told her that she had hurt him.
"Yes, Bronte, you have and you know it." The look on his face made her eyes sting. "I made a choice years ago on the path I wish to take through life. You have no right to interfere with that decision."
Her heart broke in her chest, she could actually feel it.
The blinkers she'd been wearing were torn from her eyes. He had no heart, no forgiveness. He was never the man she thought he was. Even worse, he would never become the man she knew he could be.
What a waste.
"I'm the best friend you will ever have, Nico. Words unspoken break hearts. You should remember that."
He gave her a cold, level look. And she knew she'd lost him.
"You should pack. We are leaving."


 
Chapter Twenty Three
 
"I spoke to our boy. He's loving Lake Como and a little bird tells me you were doing the rumba in Rome."
Rosie danced into the kitchen on Friday morning and stopped dead.
Every surface shone like a mirror. The team had left it in pristine condition yesterday, but this morning stainless steel glittered and glass gleamed.
"Can I take it you had a call from Lucy?" Bronte muttered rubbing the stainless steel gas hob too keenly focused on the job in hand to look at her friend. She needed to keep busy, to stop her mind reliving the roller-coaster of the last week.
How could she climb so high and fall so far in such a short time?
The journey home had been a living hell. He hadn't looked at her or spoken a single word.
When she closed her eyes he was there. She hadn't slept a wink last night and she had so much to do. The whole thing was a nightmare.
She put her back into it with a concentration and energy that made her friend narrow her eyes and purse her lips.
Rosie watched with interest as Bronte scoured the hob as if she'd found the source of the Ebola virus.
"Er, can I just say the kitchen was spotless when I left it last night."
Frantic now, breath panting, Bronte polished the hob with a dry cloth.
"I know it was."
"Need a hug?"
Rosie put her arms around her and Bronte placed her aching head on her shoulder.
"I'm not crying."
Rosie rubbed her back. "Did he hurt you?"
With a sigh, Bronte slumped into a chair and pressed her fingers into burning eyes.
"No, I hurt him."
Rosie stared, wagged a finger.
"Not possible. You don't have a nasty bone in your body."
Which was a typical Rosie thing to say. She wasn't Miss Sweetness and Light all the time, Bronte knew herself too well. She had her temper just like the next person.
"I hurt him by trying to help him."
"That's all right then. Whatever you did, you did it with the best of intentions. He's a big boy. He'll get over it."
"I don't think so."
"Okay. What did you do?"
For the first time in her life, Bronte knew she couldn't share a secret with her best friend. It wasn't her secret to share. She may have crossed one line, but she certainly wasn't going to cross another.
She rubbed Rosie's hand.
"He doesn't trust me with the truth."
Rosie scanned her face with a small smile.
"You care for him?"
Bronte nodded then rested her brow on folded arms.
"I more than care for him." She raised her head. "I'm in love with him."
This, she realised, was the last thing she needed. He was furious with her, had cut her dead last night when they'd arrived home. It simply wasn't in her make-up to have intimacy with a man without a deep emotional connection.
What on earth had made her believe she could do it?
What the hell had she been thinking?
She stood, paced with jerky steps to the window and back again.
Rosie watched her with big eyes.
"What am I going to do?" she demanded, eyes too bright.
Her friend ran her tongue along the edge of her teeth.
"What I'm about to say, I say with love. Have you told him about your mother's letter? Have you told him about your father, how you've found him? Have you told him about your own personal situation?" Rosie raised a brow. "By the surprised look on your face, I'll take that as a no."
Stunned, Bronte stared at her friend.
She'd been full of hurt, righteous indignation and she'd taken the high ground about Nico not opening his heart to her, to trust her. But she didn't walk the talk, did she? And she'd thought him judgemental?
"I'm a hypocrite."
Rosie made a face.
"I wouldn't go that far." She got up, opened a cupboard and took out two mugs, keeping an eye on Bronte.
"You have a lot to deal with at the moment." She poured coffee from a pot and handed the mug to her. "What was going to be a quick tumble in Rome has turned into something quite different. But you cannot expect him to trust you if you don't trust him."
Bronte took her coffee to the French doors and stared unseeing into her garden. She leaned her throbbing head against the window with a feeling of déjà vu.
"It's too late for this. He told me he'll never marry or have children, but what if he changes his mind? The chances of me having a family are virtually zero. And if there's anyone who desperately needs family, it's Nico."
Jonathan had rejected her and been quite happy to tell her why. Perhaps he'd realised that she'd never really loved him, that she'd held a part of herself back? The physical attraction, Bronte realised, had been tepid at best. In the beginning when she'd told him there would be no children, Jonathan said he understood, was supportive, then that had changed.
What did that say about her ability to judge the character of another? In the two years she'd been with him Jonathan had never let her see his mercenary or philandering side.
Nico she'd known for days. How could she possibly trust him?
No, she couldn't do it.
Rosie watched her closely.
"I hope you're not comparing Nico to Jonathan? Because that's just insulting. How can you put every male in the same category?" Annoyance made her tone sharp and Bronte winced.
"I have no idea how Nico feels about me." But she'd put good money on it that at the moment he wished he'd never laid eyes on her. And even if he did have feelings for her, it wouldn't be fair to dump her issues on top of his own.
Rosie banged her brow on the table, twice, and raised her head.
"He treats you like a queen. And if Lucy Bartholomew believes he is and I quote, smitten, that's good enough for me. What do want him to do, get down on one knee?"
The blood drained from Bronte's face. Rosie swore in realization of what she'd just said.
Bronte closed her eyes. No, she couldn't do it to him. She couldn't do it to herself if he rejected her.
Nico deserved a future with a woman who could give him the family life he so desperately needed. He'd been so good with the little Italian boy in the cafe, she remembered with a pang.
It had been great while it lasted.
Eyes wide, Rosie took her hand.
"Bronte, you know I didn't mean it like that."
If there was one person on earth who was constant and never changed, it was Rosie.
Bronte reassured her friend.
"I know you're trying to help, but I can't do it. I need to deal with the future in my own way and in my own time."
The Blackberry pinged.
Nico scrolled down his messages, another email from Gabriel. For years he had managed to forget his father and half brother existed, but now first contact had been made. He still had uncertain feelings about it, but he'd finally accepted that a long overdue dialogue had begun.
The anger he had embraced like a lover on the return journey, was not as bitter or intense this morning. Gabriel had made it clear that he'd approached Bronte and not given her any choice but to talk to him. When Nico felt able to speak to him, Gabriel would be available. But time was short, their father was fading fast.
There were so many questions Nico wished he could have asked his mother. She'd told him his father was a good man, but flawed. His father already had a wife and child and his mother had been too young to resist the first flush of passion and affection shown her by a man. Never a robust woman, she had been plagued by ill health.
His grandfather's accusations about his father, that he was a criminal connected to organised crime were, Gabriel had made clear, a lie. He might not be a saint, but their father was no crook. Nico wondered if anything his grandfather had said was true.
Bronte's words buzzed around his mind like mosquitoes.
She was right. Unsaid words bred anger, mistrust and pain.
Nico groaned into his hands. And he had treated her in an appalling fashion.
He should have brought her home instead of indulging himself and showing her a good time. Bronte should never have become involved.
He had laid the blame, even taken his anger out on her. That was a mistake. Meeting her had been a mistake. His life was simple and uncomplicated before she entered it.
Nico dragged his hands through his hair and gave up.
Who the hell was he kidding?
He couldn't sleep if she wasn't in his bed. When he closed his eyes she was there. He could smell her, feel that smooth skin and hear those soft sighs as he loved her. The taste of her drove him wild.
His heart thundered in his chest and he rubbed the spot with the flat of his hand. His stomach felt as if a hard fist had plunged into it. Perspiration beaded on his top lip.
He loved her.
A heady mix of panic, fury and delirious happiness surged through his system. He stood, paced to the door of his suite and back again. Oh God, he was in love with her. What was he going to do? How could this have happened? A man did not fall in love with a woman within days. Did he?
He sank to the couch, stared at the wall.
The things he'd said to her, how he didn't do commitment, marriage or children, brought a flush to his cheeks. He was a fool. Frustrated annoyance brought him to his feet to pace. How was he going to make her love him? But then, when had he ever failed to get what he wanted or needed? Words would be useless with Bronte he realised as he continued to pace.
She'd never believe him, not after what Jonathan had done to her. He needed to show her he loved her rather than tell her. Actions spoke louder and meant more, much more. He'd find other premises for her business and would live with her at The Dower House.
 
Nico picked up the phone.


 
Chapter Twent Four
The tangle of nerves in Bronte's stomach tied themselves into a tight knot as the car Nico had sent for her joined the queue to drop her off at the entrance to Ludlow Hall.
She told herself it wasn't disappointment but relief she was feeling that he hadn't come in person to take her to the Ball.
There was plenty to be thankful for in her life. The dinner in London last night with her father had been wonderful. Of course, she could have done without the gossip columns this morning speculating on why Carl Terlezki was wining and dining a woman young enough to be his daughter. If they only knew. Her father's phone call this morning made her feel better. The truth would come out in due course, but not until Alexander had returned, met Carl and they came up with a plan on how to handle it.
Then she saw Nico waiting for her at the entrance to Ludlow Hall.
He looked fabulous in black Armani.
Her mouth dried with nerves and Bronte ordered herself to remain calm.
Nico opened the car door and took her hand. His eyes, grey and intense, studied her features as if he hadn't seen her in a year rather than almost two days.
"Thank you for coming. You look spectacular this evening."
His deep voice brought her out in goose bumps.
He brought her fingers to his lips and she felt the little hum in her system.
If the look in his eyes was anything to go by the Elie Saab gown was a hit. Shame she could care less.
Well, at least he was being polite and for that she was grateful.
He certainly looked dark and dangerous in his tuxedo.
The key to getting through the evening, she'd decided, was to play it cool. Keep the mood light and show him there were no hard feelings and agree to draw a line under the whole thing. His hand on the small of her back pulsed heat through her veins.
They walked into the ballroom and Nico kept his fingers on her elbow.
He snagged a couple of glasses of champagne from a passing waiter and handed her one.
"Thank you." She kept her voice steady and the tone friendly, desperately telling herself she could do this.
Her eyes scanned the room.
The usual suspects, as she thought of them, were all here and dressed up like peacocks.
Among them were the great and the good of the county, heads of business, the local MP and his wife.
Rosie whirled past with a beaming young man. She winked at Bronte and sent a cool look to Nico who cleared his throat at her side.
He took her glass, placed it on a table with his and turned to her.
In a smooth move as the tune changed Nico slid Bronte into his arms, swaying in time to the music.
He studied her face.
His hand pressed on her lower back but she resisted his attempt to pull her close.
"We need to talk about what happened in Rome."
Her eyes flicked to his before she concentrated on his chin.
"There's nothing to talk about. You were correct. Your life has nothing to do with me."
The cool tone with the polite delivery told him he was not forgiven.
She held herself stiff in his arms.
"I want you in my life." The words were said before he realised it and this time she met his gaze. Her green eyes remained steady on his.
Nico thought he read regret and something else he couldn't quite define.
"You can't have everything you want."
"Si, I know this, but I am trying to apologise." It was a unique feeling and not altogether pleasant. Neither was the feeling of desperation. Couldn't she see he was serious? Confused and wrong footed, he tried again. "I am sorry, cara mia, for my behaviour."
Bronte blinked twice and gave a little shrug of her slim shoulders.
"Apology accepted. But as you said, it isn't any of my business."
He trailed a finger down her neck.
She didn't shiver or tremble this time, he noticed with a small frown.
Her vivid green eyes were difficult to read tonight and although she smiled, it appeared remote. 
"I see you've hit the headlines." Her little jerk in his arms had him look at her carefully.
"He's an old family friend," she told him as heat flared in her cheeks.
 She held herself too stiff in his arms now.
Strain darkened those fabulous eyes.
"I know," he said, trying to work out what the hell was wrong with her. "Alexander told me."
 She appeared to be riveted by his tie.
Anxiety warred with fear, a rare emotion for him. Together, they marched up his spine. They needed to clear the air, he told himself. What he wanted, needed, to do was to kiss her senseless, but instinct warned him that it was neither the time nor the place.
The music finished and Bronte tugged her hand, but he held it firm.
"Oh God, look who's here." He caught Rosie's mutter to Bronte.
He turned as a tall fair haired man approached with his arm around a pregnant blonde.
The atmosphere around them hummed with latent hostility and Bronte's nervous strain. Her grip on his hand tightened convulsively and he looked at her.
Her face was deathly pale now, but it was her eyes that ripped his heart in two. They were filled with despair, pain and longing. She blinked and the look had gone, but her grip almost stopped the circulation to his fingers.
"Bronte, how are you?" the man said.
Bronte's smile did not reach her eyes.
"Good evening, Jonathan, Annabel." Her voice was too stiff, the tone too polite.
Jonathan beamed a smile in the general direction of the group and introduced his wife who did not look particularly comfortable.
Jonathan moved towards Bronte with a calculating look in his eye.
"May I have this dance? For old times sake?"
Bronte hesitated, shrugged and moved towards the dance floor, ignoring Jonathan's outstretched hand.
Standing there feeling helpless Nico fought the urge to plant a fist in Jonathan's smooth, handsome face.
Bronte narrowed her eyes at Jonathan's triumphant smile, but did not resist as he led her on to the floor.
His pregnant wife had caught her off balance and although she was aware of the speculative glances and murmured voices, she chose to ignore them. Two babies within eighteen months, Jonathan was a busy boy. Although it occurred to her that poor Annabel didn't look a happy bunny. Bronte found she genuinely felt sorry for the girl.
"You're looking particularly gorgeous." Jonathan's cold blue eyes slid over her dress, missing nothing.
She wasn't in the mood for small talk.
"What do you want?"
The feel of his hand on her back did nothing for her, no chemistry, no shiver of awareness, nothing.
She noticed he had the grace to blush, even as his eyes flicked to Nico.
"I hear you're selling The Dower House."
She blinked in surprise. Her brows met as she leaned back to study him.
"I don't know where you heard that piece of gossip. But I can tell you categorically it is not true."
"Come on, Bronte. You know in my business I hear about the decent properties coming onto the market." His family owned an estate agents and auction house. He also had a cousin in the planning authority. Yes, she remembered Jonathan always kept his ear close to the ground.
"I don't know what you're talking about."
 He flicked another unpleasant look towards Nico.
"You should speak to your new boyfriend."
"Excuse me?" Why had she never noticed his weak mouth before? Or the sly look in his eye? What on earth had she been thinking to even have considered marrying this creep? "You're talking in riddles this evening, Jonathan. I find it quite tedious." He wasn't used to her speaking to him in that tone. By the clench of his jaw, she could tell he didn't like the change.
"He's been asking questions about planning permission for a landing strip to be built on your land and changes to the house. He said it was hypothetical, since he doesn't own it yet. Before you accept an offer, you should get independent valuations. I'd give you a good price for it. It's the perfect family home for us."
Bronte's pulse thundered in her ears. What the hell was this? Had Nico's apology meant nothing? Her tired brain was finding it hard to compute. Nico knew she wasn't selling. He still wanted the house? The sense of betrayal almost floored her.
And as for Jonathan, she wondered why she was so shocked? Both of them had their own agendas and were prepared to walk over her to achieve them. The room tilted and then she remembered to breathe.
Nausea hit her like a tsunami.
She needed to get out here.
Jonathan watched her reactions like a coiled snake and utter fury hit her so hard her hand made a fist. Before she made a scene and actually struck him, Bronte pushed him away.
"Go to hell!"
She spun on her heel and almost ran from the room.
"Uh oh, looks like trouble." Rosie moved to intercept Bronte but Nico put a hand on her arm.
"Let me."
Rosie looked at his hand and then up at him.
"Take care of her."
"I will."
Since she'd disappeared in that general direction, he headed for the ladies powder room. The ache in his heart as he watched her dancing with her ex-fiancé was nothing compared to the pain he felt at the absolute certainty Bronte was still in love with the man. Her reaction when he arrived and the upset now proved it.
"Is Miss Ludlow in there?" He asked the attendant. She shook her head.
"I think she left, sir," she said pointing towards the entrance.
Frowning, Nico picked up speed and exited in time to see the car she'd arrived in glide down the driveway.
Patting his pockets for his keys, he sprinted for his car.
Nico drew his car to a halt at the rear of the Dower House.
The light was on in the kitchen.
Tapping the steering wheel, for a moment he wondered if he was doing the right thing. Perhaps it would be better to let her lick her wounds in private? But that was complete cowardice. The point was she needed him, even if she did not know it.
After a couple of knocks, he turned the handle. And as usual Bronte hadn't locked the door. 
He entered.
To see her standing there, shaking as she sipped what appeared to be cognac, her eyes huge and dazed with shock, broke his heart.
"Bronte?"
He moved fast. Gathering her close his hands ran up and down her back.
It took him a moment, but he realised something was off. She held herself too stiff in his arms. 
He drew back to study her face. It wasn't heartbreak Nico read, but pure undiluted rage.
He let his hands drop to his sides.
She turned, walked towards the sink and spun to face him.
Her eyes shot scorching darts of emerald fury.
Bronte gulped the cognac and threw the glass at him.
Nico ducked just in time as it smashed against the wall behind his head.
"You son of a bitch," she snarled. "Bronte, do not interfere in my business." She mimicked his accent and moved towards him. She looked murderous.
He shook his head, totally at a loss.
What had he done?
"Did you query the local planning department about a landing strip on my land and structural changes to my house?" She held up a hand as he winced, his throat suddenly dry as his pulse kicked. "I'll take that as a yes, shall I?"
"I can explain."
"I'll just bet you can, you snake."
"You are upset. I could see how he hurt you, cara. Believe me you will get over him."
Her chin whipped up.
Stormy emerald eyes met his and narrowed into icy slits.
"How he hurt me? Compared to you, Jonathan is a rank amateur." She circled around him. "It doesn't matter to you what my home means to me does it?"
"Of course it does."
"When did you speak to the planning department?"
His pulse jerked simultaneously with the lurch in his gut.
Nico licked his bottom lip and had the dizzy sensation of standing on the edge of a precipice.
"Yesterday, but I can explain ..."
She held up her hand like a traffic cop.
"I don't want to hear it."
Desperate now, voice pleading, he tried again. "Bronte, I care for you."
She whirled around and leaned on the sink and took a deep breath, her head bowed.
Keep calm, Nico told himself. She was a reasonable woman. Or she would be once she cooled down.
She turned to him her face bone white, anger leaking out of her like a deflated balloon.
"As a matter of interest, since you care for me. Where was my business supposed to go? Where was I going to live or had that thought not occurred to you?"
Hope sprang in his chest. She was going to listen to him.
He kept his voice soft, the tone friendly. "I have already found the perfect place for the business to re-locate, just outside town, where ..."
Eyes huge, Bronte merely shook her head and studied him with unconcealed amazement.
Nico immediately realised his mistake, but if he could only get her to listen to him and his plans to live with her here in the Dower House.
He moved towards her.
"Stay back!" Chin high, she drew herself up to her full height, pure steel in those magnificent eyes. "You care for no one and nothing except yourself." She took a step forward and he stepped back. "Do you have any idea what you've done? Jonathan made me an offer tonight. He told me this house would be the perfect place to bring up his family. Do you have any idea what that did to me?"
A hot, hard lump lodged in his gut as she stepped forward again, eyes filled to the brim with pain and longing. "You can live anywhere, why does it have to be here?"
At last, she was going to listen to him.
"I need a base, a home and this would be perfect ..." She flinched as if he'd slapped her and he hesitated. It is time I settled down with you, he desperately wanted to add. But he spoke with his head instead of his heart. "I can see you are still in love with him."
For an instant her eyes widened in stunned surprise, before she sank into a chair.
She cleared her throat and studied a fingernail for an endless moment.
"What gave you the idea I am in love with him?" Her voice was hoarse, filled with pain. She looked too pale, too fragile.
His heart wrenched in his chest.
"You almost broke my fingers when you saw him this evening."
She said nothing, just continued to stare at her fingernail.
He didn't miss the hectic pulse in her throat or the rapid blinking of her eyes.
Nico narrowed his own as he studied her.
In his business, timing was everything.
Running a frustrated hand through his hair, around his neck, he knew for certain Bronte was in love with another man.
She'd not denied it, which meant she needed time to heal.
Time for him to draw back, to re-group. They had a deep connection. He did not believe it was only a physical attraction on her part. Everything between them had happened too fast, burned too hot and too intense. Patience, he told himself. He would give her time and take her advice to see his father, get to know his brother. Show her she was right.
But his heart waged a bitter war between fury and grief.
And he wondered if he would ever get over this night.
Bronte sat, fingertips rubbing her forehead.
For the first time she looked totally defeated.
The need to pull her into his arms, offer her his heart, his life, made Nico light-headed.
He pulled up a chair and sat opposite her.
Elbows on his knees, hands clasped, he leaned forward.
"I have handled this badly."
She licked her top lip as her eyes, empty now, met his.
"That is an understatement."
"I am leaving for Rome tomorrow, but I shall return in a couple of days."
She took a breath, nodded, as they rose in unison.
"Nico?" He turned to her. "I want you to leave me alone."
If he wanted her to trust him then they needed the truth between them.
"I cannot do that."
 



Chapter Twent Five
"What do you mean you will not be available for the next two weeks?"
Bronte wore a black business suit and sat in front of Nico's desk with a spreadsheet of wedding functions between them.
He looked put out she thought, ruthlessly ignoring the pang in her heart. He treated her as if she was a friend rather than an ex-lover these days. Don't go there, she ordered herself. But after four hellish weeks, she still missed him desperately.
He'd been the perfect gentleman at their twice weekly meetings, easy to work with and the consummate professional. He took frequent trips to Rome, usually over the weekend. The insight into how he ran his business had been illuminating too. He ran a tight ship with capable people. In fact, he didn't need to see her at all since his PA was super-efficient and could easily take the meetings, but he'd insisted.
Twice he'd asked her out to dinner and twice she'd said no. So he'd stopped asking and Bronte told herself she wasn't disappointed. He'd tried to talk to her about The Dower House, but she refused to discuss it with him. It was all for the best. Alexander was due back tomorrow and she expected Nico to move on.
"I'm taking a break from this Friday," she told him. "Rosie has the team well-organised."
He gave her a level look, cocked his head as he studied her.
"You look tired. A holiday will do you good."
She was about to say it wasn't exactly a holiday, but caught herself in time. They didn't talk about personal things these days. Then her eye spotted the black photo frame to the right of the desk that held her drawing. He'd framed it? She picked it up with a hand that wasn't quite steady. In the bottom left hand corner it said - drawn by Bronte - and the date.
Her eyes met his. Her chest felt tight with an emotion she didn't want or need.
"You framed it? But ... why?" She placed it carefully on the desk.
"It reminds me of one of the best days of my life." His voice, soft and husky, sent shivers up her spine.
Bronte kept her eyes on his, fascinated by what she saw in them. Oh no, she wasn't going to do this, not now.
On shaky legs she rose to leave.
Nico moved around the desk and took her hand for the first time since the scene in her kitchen.
He held her fingers in a comfortable, friendly manner and his eyes twinkled as heat soared into her cheeks along with a flood of awareness.
"Two weeks seems a long time for a workaholic like you. Where are you going?" His thumb ran across her knuckles and her mind went blank.
Why wouldn't her brain function? She blinked into his face which seemed too close all of a sudden. His head moved closer and she leaned back as his eyes, dark and intent, held hers. Saliva dried in her mouth and she licked her bottom lip. The heat of his body, the unique scent of his skin mingled with his signature cologne and she almost purred.
He stared at her mouth as if he'd never seen it before.
Oh, God. She trembled and his eyes flew to hers.
"France. It's a busman's holiday." She had a eureka moment. "You know, learning new techniques and ah, new ways of doing things. Got to keep one step ahead of the competition, new skills etc," she babbled in desperation.
He stepped back and leaned against the desk, his expression quizzical.
She felt almost faint with relief.
"Where are you going in France?"
"Paris, it's the pastry capital of the world."
She shrugged into her coat, gathered up her belongings and moved at speed towards the door.
"Bronte."
His voice brought her out in goose bumps.
With her hand on the door handle, she turned.
"Yes?"
"I will miss you, cara mia."
His voice sounded wistful. Even as he kept his eyes on hers she read warmth mixed with a bone weary sadness. It brought her heart to her throat. For an instant she wanted to throw herself into his arms.
Then common sense prevailed. She took a breath and blinked away the mist in front of her eyes.
"Goodbye, Nico."
He had missed something.
The feeling refused to leave Nico as he watched her get into her car from the window.
Christ, she was killing him. Seeing her only twice a week was killing him. She refused to let him apologise. He narrowed his eyes as she drove away. And she was too thin.
Again the feeling that something was wrong and he was missing a big part of the puzzle washed over him. Alexander was due back tomorrow and he would talk to him.
How the mighty have fallen, he mused, as anxiety ran up his spine. He knew his friend did not approve of him having a relationship with his sister, but he was a changed man and desperate. He would beg for his help if he had to.
With a heavy heart Nico sat behind the desk and tapped his fingers on a pile of newspapers. A busman's holiday? Bronte? He did not believe it for a second. Plus, it was the first time she had mentioned it.
He flicked through the paper and on page four he blinked.
Bronte was shown in the arms of her 'old friend of the family' Carl Terlezki.
In one photo they were having what appeared to be an animated dinner conversation, her hand held by his across the table. Her eyes were sparkling and her smile beamed out of the page. In another they were walking arm and arm down Oxford Street. The last one showed her being held close, her cheek on his chest as he stroked her hair. Bastard! What was she doing with a man who was old enough to be her father? But what destroyed him was the look of happiness on her face.
Shock roared through his system as he read the last sentence again and again.
Bronte Ludlow and financier Carl Terlezki were due to fly out to France for a two week holiday. The newspaper didn't exactly say they were in the middle of an affair, just that both looked very happy together.
And God dammit all to hell, they did look happy.
She looked happy.
Sweat beaded his head.
But surely the man was too old for her?
Due to taking it slow was it possible he had let another capture her heart?
Had he lost her?
The memory of her phone call to 'Carol' when they were in Rome spun into his mind. He'd put down her breathy low voice to nerves and being upset over Alexander's accident. Had she been seeing Carl when he'd been making love to her in Rome?
He refused to believe it. But there had been nothing to stop her seeing Carl Terlezki. As far as Bronte was concerned their personal relationship was finished.
Checking his watch, Nico knew there was no time to go after her now. He had back to back appointments.
Tonight, he would see her tonight.



Chapter Twenty Six
 
"How did the meeting go?"
Rosie lifted her head from her work in progress, icing one tier of a three tier wedding cake. She held a spatula in one hand and a bowl of snowy icing in the other.
"Fine, but I am seriously pissed off. Someone ran a key right down the side of my car in town and gouged 'bitch' on the bonnet. The garage has quoted me a fortune to fix it," Bronte told her in disgust.
Rosie narrowed her eyes. "Did you report it to the police?"
"Yep, I popped into the station, but I doubt they'll be much use."
"You never know, they might have caught something on CCTV. No wonder you look like dirty dish water."
Bronte tossed her best friend a look as she flopped into a chair.
"Gee, thanks for that." She tried and failed to hide a yawn.
Her nerves were shot. Contact with Nico left her reeling every single time. It was as if he sucked the life blood and energy from her.
Rosie glared and glowered at the same time.
"You need a break. Ten hour days are ridiculous and you know it."
"Please, give it a rest."
"It's a displacement activity."
"Wow, you would give Dr Phil a run for his money."
"Yeah, well Dr Phil would agree with me. At the rate you're going, we're going to need another freezer."
Rosie might be irritated now but she'd thank her one day when there was an emergency to deal with. Perhaps she had gone over the top, but the sense of satisfaction she gained knowing that different cake fillings were ready and waiting made it all worth it. Not to mention the variety of sponges. The coffee mocha with grated walnuts had been a triumph. It gave her a warm glow every time an idea worked.
Bronte topped up her coffee from the pot, took a sip and made a face.
"This coffee's off."
Rosie took the cup, sipped, tasted and sipped again.
"Taste's fine to me."
Bronte sniffed it, shuddered, rose and emptied it down the sink.
"Ugh, there's definitely something wrong with it."
She poured herself a glass of water as Rosie leaned back against the work surface and crossed her ankles.
"You okay? You look a little peaky." Her eyes went narrow and thoughtful as Bronte yawned again. "Your appetite is off and you've lost weight."
"I'm not sleeping. I don't know what's the matter with me."
"Alexander is back tomorrow and I'll be here too to make sure his meeting with Carl goes well. They'll like each other, stop worrying." She took a sip of her coffee and grinned. "I'm surprised Nico didn't mention all the stuff in the gossip columns about you, you slut. The phone has been ringing off the hook with people wanting all the goss."
Bronte stifled another yawn and shook her head, then wished she hadn't as the room spun.
"You would think they'd have something more important to write about. Poor Carl, he doesn't know whether to be furious or flattered. I've no idea how these people manage to find out stuff. You're right, I do need a holiday."
"Everything here will run like clockwork." Rosie wrapped an arm around her.
Bronte let her head drop on her friend's shoulder.
"I'll be glad when it's all over. I'm looking forward to the break."
Rosie dropped into a chair. "Yeah, two weeks in France is a pretty good deal."
Her father had organised a week in Paris and a week at his home in Cap Ferret.
"Paris, I can't wait."
Rosie frowned, drumming her fingers over her lips.
"You need to tell Nico how you feel."
"I don't want to hear it."
Shoulders stiff, ignoring the clutch in her stomach, Bronte sipped her water. A heavy wave of nausea roiled up from her gut and over her cheeks, leaving her shivery and clammy. A headache jabbed a punch behind her right eye.
"You've turned grey."
With a roaring in her ears, her friend's voice seemed to fade into the distance. Bronte found herself pushed into a chair with her head being thrust between her legs.
She took a few deep breaths and sat upright.
"Wow, a head rush." She took another sip of water and closed her eyes.
"This is all my fault," Rosie told her.
"Excuse me?"
"If I hadn't been talked into forcing you out on that date, none of this would have happened."
Bronte wasn't having any of it.
"You're being ridiculous. In many ways I don't regret a thing. I'm not responsible for Nico's behaviour and neither are you."
"Men," Rosie said, looking very fierce. "Are the spawn of Satan."
Bronte caught her eye.
"Ain't that the truth?"
After a warm bath, pink skinned and rosy cheeked, Bronte felt more like herself.
The nap had helped enormously too.
Dressed in pink flannel pj's with white bunnies and thick socks - a fun present from Rosie - she tied up her hair in its usual knot and padded into the kitchen in search of food.
How could a person have three freezers full and nothing to eat? It was a mystery.
She surfed through the fridge, found a pizza past its sell by date and a dozen eggs. Neither floated her boat.
The larder offered up oats, pasta, rice and various tins. No wonder she wasn't hungry. She found a tin of shortbread on the top shelf, a packet of salted peanuts and two bars of milk chocolate. Strangely enough, the mix appealed to her.
On a wooden tray, she assembled the hoard and added in a bottle of Cumberland Ale. Her taste buds appeared to have changed since she didn't drink beer, it was her brother's favourite tipple, but wine didn't taste right at the moment.
With a biscuit between her teeth, the hair on the back of her neck rose as she became aware of a presence behind her.
Her brain did an emergency stop, as her eyes remained glued to his.
It took her a couple of heartbeats to actually believe what she was seeing.
The sneer on his lips along with the slight tremble of his hands made her break out in a cold sweat as did the realisation that hit her like a truck that she was in desperate trouble.
Wearing black jeans and a black designer puffa jacket over a sweater, he was a stocky big bear of a man with sandy hair that needed a wash and a swarthy complexion. His skin appeared bloated and mottled.
A part of her brain that appeared to be working independently wondered if he'd been drinking or was on something, because his pupils were fully dilated.
 "If you turn around and leave right now, I won't call the police," she told him, keeping her voice firm.
Anthony's cold eyes wandered from the top of her head to her feet and back again. Perspiration beaded on his brow.
Instinct, that had served women throughout time, told Bronte why he was here.
He was going to hurt her. Like a rabbit caught in a trap, her pulse beat too hard and too fast. She knew who'd been phoning the house. She knew who'd been leaving abusive comments on the website. And who'd damaged her car and she knew that if she ran or showed fear, she'd be finished.
"No wonder Jonno dumped you, bitch. Do what you like, the back door was open and I'll say you let me in dressed in your pyjamas. It'll be your word against mine."
His overexcited voice was too high and he licked his lips in a way that made her feel physically ill.
The room spun.
She took a sharp breath.
Think, think, think.
She shook her head, her eyes riveted on his.
"I don't know who Jonno is or what you're talking about."
Keep him talking, talk him down, get him to sit, run for the panic button at the door and get out.
"Your old fiancé, my mate Jonathan! He told me all about you, what a pure bitch you are."
He swaggered over, picked up the bottle of ale with an overdone bravado which would have been comical under other circumstances, but which wound the terror in her belly even tighter.
He sucked on the bottle, as his eyes slid over her.
"You owe me for running out on me. That room cost me and I didn't even get to enjoy it. They banned me, can you fucking believe it? And all because of that Italian you spread your legs for. He's not here now though, is he?"
Those eyes narrowed as he finished the bottle, burped and tossed it over his shoulder.
It hit the stone floor and exploded like a gun shot.
Anger battled through panic that he should come into her home and treat her like this.
"Get out!"
"Not before I get what I want."
"What do you want?"
Stupid. She knew it was a stupid question, but she simply could not bring herself to show weakness.
Shrugging off his jacket, Anthony tossed it in the direction of a chair, all the while watching her like a starving wolf staring at a fat lamb.
He grabbed his crotch, gave it a jiggle. And she refused to let her mind go there.
"I want a piece of the action, Bronte baby. You can't keep a man, can you? Jonno, poor fucker, had to put up with you treating him like shit. Imagine telling your fiancé you fancied his friend? And when that friend takes you on a date, you get him hard and blow him off! Then the Italian lasted for what, a week? And now you've got yourself an old sugar daddy?"
He barked a laugh of disbelief.
"You fucking kill me, Bronte. But, you..." He pulled off his sweater, revealing a torso the consistency of fresh tripe and jabbed a finger at her as bile rose into her throat and her heart beat even faster. "You need taught a lesson and I'm just the man to give you one. Take off the kiddie pyjamas. Let's see if you're a natural blonde. Or is that as fake as the goody goody act?"
With absolute clarity Bronte knew he was going to rape her.
A strange calmness washed through her.
Her mind seemed to split into two separate parts.
One part remained petrified, cowering in a corner in disbelief, while the other looked at the situation objectively. 
She was going to fight.
Even though she knew that the advice given to women in her situation was to give in, get out of it alive and live to see another day.
His word against hers? No way, if he thought he could prove sex was consensual then it was up to her to make sure there would be plenty of evidence to the contrary.
But by God, she would put up a fight, scratch and claw and bite.
Because even if she died, the world would know who did it.
No way was she going to cower and whimper for him and give him even more power, more control.
But, oh God, she hadn't told Nico she loved him. And now it was too late.
No, she couldn't think like that.
She lifted her chin and took a step towards the door leading to the main part of the house.
"Jonathan lied. But you're too delusional to realise that aren't you? And you need to get high or drunk to get your rocks off. You're a pathetic excuse for a real man!"
The hot flash in his eye alerted her as he lunged.
She spun, grabbing the heavy fruit bowl from the table and threw it with all of her might.
Her aim was off, but luckily he ducked, it caught him on the temple and she raced out the kitchen, through the hall towards the front door.
His howl of outrage followed her. The thud of heavy boots had her screaming at the top of her lungs as she slapped her hand on the alarm. Shocked for a split second by the ear-piercing siren, her frantic fingers fumbled with the deadbolts at the top and bottom of the door.
Christ, why was it locked?
Then his hands were on her, tearing at her pyjamas.
He slapped her across the face and she screamed and screamed and screamed as her nails tore into his hands, his face.
There was a searing pain in her head and she couldn't see, couldn't hear as panic and horror overwhelmed her.
The world went dark.



 
Chapter Twenty Seven
Nico couldn't believe it had been a whole month since he'd been here.
The car entered her drive and he automatically drove to the rear of The Dower House. Would she be happy to see him? Probably not, Nico decided, but he needed to swallow his damned pride and tell her how much he loved her. If there was one thing he tried never to do, it was to live with regrets.
He'd found his family and it was thanks to her. His brother was happily married to an American girl, Julie. And he had two kids, Carmen who was five and Giancarlo who was six months. Although his father was terminally ill, he'd rallied. Thanks, Gabriel said, to Nico.
Perhaps Bronte would agree to meet them? If they couldn't be lovers, perhaps she would agree to be friends? The thought squeezed his lungs as he took a shuddering breath.
He switched off the engine and opened the door.
With his hand raised to knock the door, the scream of a woman terrified for her life pierced the still winter night. Bronte!
He tried the handle, the door was locked.
The house alarm screeching a high keening sound stunned him for a split second.
But he heaved a metal plant pot filled with happy pansies through the door window.
All the while, his heart pounded in his ears as he groped for the lock.
Turning the key, he was through the door, racing towards desperate screams that stopped abruptly.
Tearing through the kitchen over broken glass, remains of the smashed fruit bowl and into the hall, all Nico saw was the man who straddled her, one hand squeezing her neck while the other dug hard fingers into a bare breast.
Her clothes torn and bloody, Bronte lay under him like a rag doll.
A howl of terrified rage roared from his throat as he grabbed Anthony by the hair planting a heavy fist in his face.
Nico felt and heard cartilage break and didn't give a damn.
Blood spurting, profanities spewing from his lips, Anthony slipped, sliding through his own fluids in a vain attempt to clamber to his feet making ready to run.
The boy from Rome who'd survived in streets with no law, no justice, leaped through the veneer of civilised respectability to possess the man.
He simply drop-kicked the whimpering coward, then placed his foot, his full weight, on the scum's thigh, grabbed his ankle and pulled.
The kneecap popped like a champagne cork.
The sobbing scream of agony was music to his ears.
Anthony wouldn't be going anywhere.
Nico spun around to Bronte and dropped to his knees.
A whine, like an animal in pain, escaped from his throat.
They found him rocking her limp body in his arms bitter tears pouring down his face.
They wouldn't let him see her.
They'd told him nothing except she was alive.
She'd still been unconscious when they'd arrived at the hospital, so fragile, so pale and so damned vulnerable.
Nico paced to the door of the waiting room and back again. How could anyone, any man dream of hurting her? He simply could not get his head around it.
For over three relentless hours he'd worn a path in the floor of the hospital waiting room while the police had taken his statement.
Anthony Lawrence Brown, to give the piece of shit his full name, had totally flipped, spewing enough bile about Bronte that the police would be charging him with assault and attempted rape. He'd confessed in front of witnesses. The police had had the presence of mind to take him to another hospital.
Nico could care less about the bastard.
The night had been a horror he knew he'd never forget.
Rosie was on her way and, since she'd phoned him, so was Carl Terlezki. And if that wasn't proof of how much the man meant to Bronte, Nico didn't know what was.        
It wasn't Bronte's fault that she couldn't love him. It wasn't as if he'd given her much of a reason to love him. He had handled their relationship so badly, so stupidly, he could not believe it.
Reflection had given him the luxury of time to realise that he only wanted what was best for her.
He'd thought he had plenty of time to win her back. The truth of his situation was like a fist to the throat. He'd wasted a whole month, held back by fear of failure. To lose her would kill a part of him. Destroy him in ways he daren't contemplate.
The door flew open and Rosie's scared wide eyes scanned the room until they found him. She was closely followed by a too pale looking Carl Terlezki.
"How is she?" She demanded and burst into tears.
"They won't tell me ..." His voice broke as Rosie hugged him very hard and he held on tight.
"Thank God you found her," Carl said in a voice that shook and extended his hand. "I will never be able to repay you."
Nico took his hand, realisation dawning that the man loved Bronte desperately.
A tired looking nurse appeared at the door.
"I'm looking for the family of Bronte Ludlow?"
Carl looked at Rosie and she gave him a gentle push towards the nurse.
Well, that said it all didn't it?
Heart breaking in his chest, defeated, Nico moved to sit as the nurse asked Carl.
"And you are?"
Carl glanced at Rosie who gave him a nod of encouragement.
"Ah, I am her father."
"Great, come with me. She's been very distressed and is still little bit out of it, but the doctor will give you an update."
Stunned, Nico simply stared at the door after they left and then turned to Rosie who was watching him like a hawk.
With care he sank into the chair with the bizarre feeling he was living in a crazy parallel word.
One minute his life was over, the next he had a glimmer of hope.
"Her father?" He stared at Rosie.
She patted his knee. "Yep, it's a long story. Thing is, Alexander hasn't met him yet. They'll only go public with it once he agrees. The family's reputation will take a hit. And the press already have the bit between their teeth."
Nico held his head in his hands as everything Bronte had told him in Rome, something her mother should have told her and how words unspoken caused heartache washed through his mind. "Madre di Dio!"
She rubbed his knee. "I don't know what it is about men, but if anything can be fucked up, you'll do it every time."
He gave a weary groan of agreement in response.
Almost an hour later, Carl entered the waiting room with a decided glint in his eye, his mouth a tight white line.
Nico literally felt the saliva dry in his mouth as he stood to face him.
In his Savile Row cashmere coat and handmade shoes, Bronte's father looked the impressive financier he was. He had a reputation as a man who took no prisoners and Nico felt the full force of an iron will.
He braced himself.
Carl stood in front of him, tall and still a dynamic man even though he was in his sixties.
He placed a deliberately heavy hand on Nico's shoulder.
"Son? Want a piece of advice?"
Nico knew when to fold.
He ran a hand over his jaw and met the man's beady eye.
 "Please."
"Do you love my daughter?"
"Si, yes sir, I do."
 "Then you walk into that room and tell her."
Carl checked the time on his watch and turned to Rosie.
"I need to book into Ludlow Hall, you can keep me company for breakfast while you tell me every single thing you know about my daughter's ex-fiancé."
Rosie beamed up at him and took his arm. "It will be my pleasure."
Nico followed the nurse to a private room.
Lying on the bed, curled up on her side with her back to him, the love of his life wore a cotton hospital gown the colour of fresh mint.
The nurse trundled out an ECG machine and closed the door.
For a long moment, he simply stood there looking at her with words racing through his mind.
Deciding her father was right. Nico picked a black plastic chair and carried it around to the other side of the bed.
Eyes stinging his gaze lingered on the livid fingerprints on her neck and her split lip.
A fragile hand with bruised knuckles and torn and bloody fingernails clutched the remains of a tissue.
His baby had got her licks in and had fought like a warrior, God he adored her.
Her nose and eyes were red and swollen.
"Cara ..."
She opened her eyes and the single flick of fury in them stopped him dead.
Her utter loathing for him crystal clear.
"Shut up!" Her voice was raw as her eyes pooled and her lips trembled. "This is your entire fault and so bloody typical!" She spat the last word and he winced as he sat on the chair pulling it close.
"But, Bronte, I ... Ow!" She punched him hard on the shoulder as tears tipped over.
"I don't want to love you. I don't even want to like you!"
He hauled her into his arms, uncaring if she was naked under the gown except for a pair of tiny panties and totally ignored her yelp of outrage.
She punched him again.
And he took it like a man.
"It's so typical of you," she spoke into his throat as he stroked her hair and begged her to shush. "No I won't bloody shush. I've read about men like you!"
His finger lifted her chin and he studied her face.
"Men like me?"
Giving in to temptation, he kissed her.
She made a valiant attempt to thrust him away, but he held her close.
"Men with super sperm that can penetrate latex. You find them in romance novels. Trust me to find the genuine article."
His chest felt too tight as his lungs deflated and he blinked at her. 
"You mean?"
"I'm pregnant." The last word was a long heartfelt wail.
Nico shut his eyes and held her close as she wept into his chest.
And he bit his lip as he recalled one occasion when he'd made love to her without protection.
He pressed his cheek to her hair and simply rocked her back and forth.
And thanked God, Baby Jesus, Buddha and the Universe for bringing this woman into his life.
Once she'd cried herself out, he refused to release her even when she struggled.
"Let me go."
"Never."
He stared into her eyes and felt as if he could drown in their emerald depths and asked the question that would break his heart if she said no.
"Do you want a baby?"
Tears pooled in her eyes as her breath hitched.
"I'm not supposed to be able to get pregnant. I have a medical condition, endometriosis and I was told I might never conceive. But trust you to ride roughshod over Mother Nature."
He bit his lip at the dazed expression on her face.
"Are you happy about the news or not?"
She punched him again.
"Of course I want our baby. You're the one who doesn't want a family, remember?"
"I want a family with you." He kissed her and this time there was nothing soft about it. It was a kiss of a man desperately in love with his woman, his mate.
Those eyes stared into his as if searching his very soul.
"You change your mind like you do your shirts. How do I know you won't change it again tomorrow or the next day or the next week?"
 "You are my reason for living. I love you, Bronte. My heart, all that I am, is yours."
Tears swam in her eyes, but this time they were happy tears he was relieved to see.
"I love you so much, Nico, so much."
She heaved in a huge breath. Enormous green eyes stared into his.
"But Nico, I'm a bastard."
His mouth plundered hers before he raised his head to grin into her face.
"That makes two of us, cara."
 


Chapter Twenty Eight
 
Two months later.
With gentle open mouthed kisses on his wife's stomach, Nico worked his way along her hip as she gave a contented little sigh.
Lifting his head, he met her lazy smile with one of his own.
He pulled the duvet over them and felt her snuggle into his side.
He pressed his lips to her hair.
"Madame insists on supplying your wedding gown."
Bronte's head shot up and a sharp finger poked him in the chest.
"That woman is not coming within ten feet of me." She pressed her hand to her stomach, gave it a little pat. "Or my child."
With his tongue planted firmly in his cheek, he sighed.
"I only want you to look beautiful on our big day. She has selected four." His lips twitched as he saw her frown. Love swept over him as he buried his face in her neck and inhaled the pure essence of his wife. "Do it for me, cara, I do not wish to see you married in chef whites."
"We're already married. I don't see why we have to go through with another ceremony."
"That was the civil ceremony, as you well know. Don't you want a party with friends and family?"
"We had friends and family."
Nico leaned on his elbow and stared at her. That stubborn, belligerent look he loved glared back at him. The only time she ever gave him trouble was when it came to clothes. But they needed to do this for their families and then she would be his alone for a six week honeymoon. He couldn't wait.
She narrowed her eyes and pouted. "If she pokes and prods, mutters and moans, I will not be held responsible for my actions."
They married on the beach at Cap Ferret at sunset, surrounded by the people who mattered most.
With Rosie as the maid of honour and a deliriously excited Carmen, Gabriel's five year old daughter as her flower girl, Bronte walked towards her husband dressed in an Elie Saab strapless gown of ivory silk. She carried a single blushing pink rose. Alexander held her hand in the crook of his arm. Carl had insisted her brother give her away. She wore no shoes or jewellery other than her three carat diamond engagement ring.
Nico waited for her with his brother Gabriel who winked at his daughter. His American wife, Julia, carried their dark haired baby boy. The men wore cream tuxes with white shirts, no ties and Nico had refused to wear shoes too. He looked so handsome and happy, Bronte's heart caught in her throat.
Safe in the arms of her husband, she watched the sunset and realised yes, dreams really do come true.


 
Epilogue
"Congratulations! Where is my godson?"
Rosie boogied into the hospital room holding a blue teddy bear with a helium balloon tied around its neck and an armful of cream roses. She dumped everything on a table, washed and dried her hands.
She wiggled her fingers. "Gimme."
Bronte sat in bed with a dark haired baby nestled in her arms and a beaming smile on her face. Nico looked out of the window and caught his wife's eye over his shoulder.
"Oh, look at him, isn't he gorgeous?" Rosie took the baby carefully from Bronte, her eyes damp and misty. "Hello, Luca darling." She touched his perfect tiny fingers.
"And meet Sophia." Nico turned round with another baby, smaller than her brother, but with a head of ash blonde hair.
Rosie's jaw hit the floor as Alexander arrived with a pink teddy and balloon. "I don't believe it, how did you keep this a secret from me?"
Bronte pulled up her knees. Three days after a caesarean delivery, she still felt fragile.
"Probably because we've been living at Lake Como and you've been running Sweet Sensation. Oh, don't make me laugh. It's the first time I've ever seen you speechless."
Rosie shook her head in mock disgust and beaned Alexander with a jaundiced eye.
"Let this be a lesson to you. Look what happens in this family when you have unprotected sex."
Rosie always had to have the last word.
The End



Other Books in the Ludlow Hall Stories

Chapter One - 'A Stormy Spring'

 
 Where were her panties?
On her hands and knees, hair streaming across her face, Becca's heart pounded in her ears.
Her fingers fluttered around the floor, under the bed and found a scrap of silk she realised was her bra and a single shoe.
Where the hell was the other one?
A deep voice muttered in Spanish. She peered through dawn's early light at the man the glossy magazines had crowned one of the world's most celebrated bachelors. He slept amid tousled white cotton sheets in a bed the size of a lake.
What a night. She ached in places she never even knew existed.
The things he'd done to her had been truly ...
A muscled arm flopped over the side missing her by a whisker.
Becca froze, and sighed in relief as he murmured again before pressing his face into the pillow.
The spiked heel of her Jimmy Choo dug into her knee, how she managed to contain the hiss of agony she'd never know.
On shaky legs, dangling her shoes in one hand she got to her feet. She tip-toed to the door and slid into the sitting-room of the luxurious hotel suite.
Her eyes widened in horror as a table lamp shed an intimate glow on the evidence of the night before. On the carpet an empty champagne glass lurched on its side.
Amongst the debris were her wrap and bag and her dress lay in a heap of red silk along with his shirt and tie, hastily toed off shoes and socks. No sign of her panties.
She desperately tried to remember the sequence of last night's events.
Not a good idea.
Don't think.
Get out.
Struggling into her dress Becca wondered what she'd been thinking. She never did things like this. Things like having a one night stand with a perfect stranger. And he was perfect all right, in every conceivable way. The society pages didn't do him justice. They couldn't begin to capture his height, his strength or the sensitivity of that amazing mouth.
Stop it.
Don't think about his mouth.
Frantic fingers zipped up her dress.
She shoved her bra into her bag and feet into sky high heels.
Running away was sheer cowardice. She knew it, but it couldn't be helped.
She was way, way out of her depth with this man. The whole thing felt surreal.
Perhaps she should leave him a note? Thanks for having me?
An erotic little shiver ran up her spine, she wouldn't forget last night in a hurry.
She reached for the door handle.
"Going somewhere, Becca?"
The deep voice husky from sleep held the musical lilt of Spain. It vibrated up her spine and brought jumpy nerves to her throat. The gentle tone, filled with humour, stopped her from acting on her initial instinct and making a run for it.
She turned. Eyes the colour of dark chocolate slammed into hers. Once again their impact left her reeling, off balance.
How could one look across a crowded room have led to this?
He was naked except for black trousers, unbuttoned and unzipped. Her physical reaction, the shortness of breath as her heart ricochet into her throat and the weakness in her legs couldn't be blamed on a couple of glasses of champagne. She was stone cold sober this morning.
Those immense shoulders leaned against the doorframe. She'd pressed her mouth against that marvellous chest, clutched those dark tousled locks as he'd kissed her intimately. Heat rushed into her cheeks. By his broad grin he'd read her mind.
Her brain soaked up the sight of him. He was ridiculously handsome with the light of fun along with a smouldering desire in his eyes as they stayed on hers.
Attack Becca firmly believed was the best line of defence.
She frowned. "Don't look at me like that."
Narrowing his eyes at the combative tone of her lovely voice, Lucas Del Garda recognised panic when he saw it.
Her hair, the colour of burnt toffee, tumbled in slippery curls around slim shoulders. Beautiful blue eyes glittered into his.
She hadn't sounded like that a few short hours ago with those high little moans panting in her throat as she'd begged him to take her. She'd been wild for him and he'd loved it. He had no idea how many times he'd made her come since it wasn't the sort of thing he kept a score of.  But she'd twisted and turned under him and almost burst his eardrums with her screams of completion.
If she thought he was prepared for her to leave without so much as a telephone number then Becca was sorely mistaken. Rebecca, he had no idea of her surname, what she did or where she came from.
This had been a first for him. He never indulged in sex with a woman without covering the preliminaries.
He'd never seen eyes like hers, blindingly blue, they stared into his and he read embarrassment, despair and a mounting alarm that tickled his antennae. Hmm, it seemed Becca had regrets and wanted to escape. Interesting. Most women were more than happy to snuggle after sex. He wasn't a snuggler, never had been and usually managed to extricate himself without any trouble. But last night had been the first time he'd held a woman close. It felt natural with her. It felt right.
Lucas didn't analyse his feelings but accepted them for what they were. He'd known the instant she left his bed and listened to her hunting for her clothes. It had been wrong of him to play with her and he almost laughed as he remembered her little whimper of alarm.
Intrigued, he studied her. No, Becca did not look happy to see him.
For a moment he toyed with the idea of seducing her back to bed but those big eyes staring at him in silent appeal held him back.
He stepped towards her, zipped up his pants and sent her an intimate smile.
Much better to play it cool. Keep it friendly and relaxed.
"The least I can do after such a wonderful night is to offer you breakfast." He picked up the telephone and kept a sharp eye on her. With a little frown wrinkling her smooth forehead she moved towards the centre of the room.
He indicated the couch. "Please, Becca, sit down. We can be civilised about this."
Becca kept a wary eye on him as he ordered enough breakfast to feed a family of eight.
Her stomach growled and she took a breath.
Okay, be an adult, you can do this. Eat, do small talk and then leave. No problem.
"Would you like to shower or have a bath?"
His voice vibrated along her nerve ends. Deep, gravelly and sexy as hell, he could make a fortune as a voice over. She imagined him modelling Speedos lounging in a boat in the middle of the ocean. Those dark sinful eyes curling the toes of every female who watched TV wishing she was there with him. Well, that's how advertising agencies sold expensive cologne for men. They appealed to the women in their lives. And Becca knew Lucas would appeal to any female with a pulse.
She blinked as he raised a dark brow and she realised she hadn't answered his question.
"Thank you."
He pointed her in the direction of another bedroom.
She wandered through and found an en-suite in black granite. The shower was big enough to hold six.  
Stripping down to her skin she wondered again where her panties had gone.  
Becca piled her hair on top of her head, suddenly breathless as water shot from six different jets.  The designer liquid soap smelt wonderful and she slathered it over her body, stifling a groan as the purely feminine part of her throbbed with desire and an aching need that shocked her in its intensity.
What on earth was happening to her?
A gasp of shock escaped from her throat as large hands slid gently but possessively over her flat tummy and too small breasts. How did he know which parts of her were too tender this morning? His fingertips lingered with exquisite care on nipples so delicately sensitized to his touch they were hot-wired to that yearning pulse between her legs.
"If you want me to stop, querida, I will," Lucas whispered into her ear.
The man, Becca decided with a low moan, had magic fingers. 
She knew she should tell him to stop, but heat scorched over her too sensitive skin wherever he touched her. Her breath caught as his tongue licked her throat and his arousal, thick and hard, pressed into the small of her back.
Lust detonated between her legs as he turned her in his arms, pressed her back against black granite and captured her mouth with his even as her nipples grazed his chest. She parted her lips to allow his thrusting tongue access. God, he tasted fantastic. This time there was nothing gentle in the kiss. There was power, possession and a relentless hunger. That hunger called to her and she answered it with a desperation that verged on insanity.
Was she making those high, keening moans?  Her ardour matched his, kiss for kiss, touch for touch.
When his fingertips touched that screaming little pearl of nerve ends, her legs gave way as the climax took her breath. 
"Put your legs around my waist," he muttered in her ear, his voice was deep the tone harsh as he caught her mouth with his and she did as he asked.  Then, thank God, he was inside her. She clung to him, legs around his waist, and arms around his neck as he pumped his hips, thrusting into her, gasping into her mouth desperate words in Spanish. Together they soared higher and higher to a place she'd never known existed before last night. The muscles contracting her centre clutched him again and again. Then the world went black as her mind splintered into a thousand stars.
Their hearts hammering as one, Becca realised Lucas was supporting her weight as well as leaning a hand against the wall for support. Their panting breaths mingled before he groaned into the soft spot under her ear. Pressing a soft kiss to his shoulder, she clung to him and blinked as the water, cool now, battered their skin.
Lucas flicked hair from his face and those dark eyes framed with wet lashes studied her carefully.
He grinned as a hot flush rose from her toes to flood her neck and cheeks.
"Now that is how I want you to look at me, querida, not like a scared little rabbit." Although his voice was soft, the tone was of a man used to command.
His fingertip stroked a burning path down her breast.
Reality gave her a vicious slap.
She caught herself and blinked furiously to hide the emotions that flooded her throat and stung her eyes.
Blindly and on legs that were far from steady, she moved out of his arms, out of the shower. With a shudder she pulled on the complimentary thick white cotton bathrobe and wound a towel around her head.
Rolling up each sleeve she refused to look at him as he dried himself.
A quick glance told her his eyes had narrowed. His intense gaze had the nerves clutching her stomach grow claws.
She turned from him; a firm hand on her arm pulled her back.
Those eyes were not so gentle on her now, but edged with suspicion.
"I see we have a problem." Lucas gripped her other arm and gave her a non-too-gentle shake. "Are you in a relationship? or..." Those dark eyes searching hers narrowed. "Are you married?"
Becca went very still, needles of tension prickling up her spine.
His eyes went ice over steel and she trembled.
"Answer me!" His voice was a whip lashing across raw emotions.
In her head the last ten hours had assumed a surreal quality, almost like an out of body experience. He shook her again and the cold reality of her situation gave her another hard slap. This time yesterday she hadn't set eyes on this man. The way she'd danced with him in the nightclub had shame burn a scorching path up her neck and into her cheeks.
The way she'd gone to his hotel without a second thought for her personal safety had common sense demand now what the hell she'd been thinking.
She'd let a total stranger take liberties with her body. Do things to her, touch her in ways she'd never been touched before ... Even by ... Guilt incinerated her cheeks.
Becca blinked up into a face she didn't recognise now. He looked too big, too wide. His eyes were cold, hard and absolutely appalled.
Furious with herself because she'd behaved in a way that was so alien to her nature warred with humiliation and self-reproach.
The toxic mix of emotions burned in her throat and she grabbed anger like a lifeline.
How dare he treat her like this?
She pushed him, dismayed when he didn't budge.
The look in his eyes chilled the marrow in her bones.
Her legs might be trembling, but her chin came up.
"Let go of me," she whispered.
Time seemed to stand still before he thrust her away as if she'd burned him. Becca staggered as he turned and stalked out of the bathroom. And jumped as the door to the bedroom slammed behind him.
Scrubbing hot tears from her cheeks Becca wondered what on earth she was going to do.
She towel dried her hair before dragging a comb through it so hard it brought fresh tears to her eyes. No crying. It changed nothing.
For almost two years she'd managed to hold it together, to lock grief into that dark place in her psyche. She'd thrown herself into working ten or even twelve hour days.
Recently cracks had appeared in her facade when she least expected it. Her behaviour was becoming erratic she realised now. She'd been on the edge, nearly losing her temper with Justin twice this week. The pressure was getting to her, the stress of delivering to strict creative deadlines again and again made her feel like a hamster on a wheel going nowhere fast.
Last night had been her first night out since ... The ache in her heart was a physical agony now she simply couldn't ignore.  But she wouldn't think about it. The main thing was to get out of here in one piece and she still had to get past a very angry Lucas.
How could she tell a perfect stranger something she still battled to come to terms with herself? She knew it simply wasn't logical to feel as if she'd betrayed Rick, but she couldn't help feeling terribly guilty.
Not only had she had sex with another man, but it been totally outside any experience she'd had with her late husband. Rick had been gentle with her. He'd cherished and loved her. What she'd experienced last night had been nothing but an overwhelming lust, the sexual act at its most primitive, most basic.
What did that say about her as a woman?
Grief, still horribly fresh, washed through her system.
Closing her eyes tight, Becca fought for control as she steadied herself.
She desperately needed to find that dark place where she brooded in safe isolation.
The occasional shudder overtook her as she fumbled with the zip of her dress; thrust her feet into her shoes.
She wound the cream cashmere pashmina around her and picked up her bag chanting to herself to get out and away from this man.
With a deep inhale and exhale, she opened the door.
The scent of bacon and coffee made her stomach heave.
Lucas was sitting at a desk writing on a sheet of hotel paper.
He wore soft blue jeans and a black sweater. His feet were bare.
The logical unemotional part of her brain, the part that got her through every endless day, noticed the way his black hair clung to his skull and that he had the most beautiful hands.
He turned and saw her.
Becca kept her eyes on his chin.
The atmosphere was so icy she shivered.
"Rebecca, what?" The words, quietly spoken, vibrated with suppressed fury.
"Sorry?"
"Your surname."
"Wainwright," she told him in a shaky voice.
"That would be Mrs Rebecca Wainwright?"
She nodded. It was the simple truth.
He folded the paper and placed it in an envelope. All the while those dark eyes stayed on her face.
"You are a piece of work, Mrs Wainwright. I do not suppose I am the first to be taken in by those big eyes? Or do you have the usual sob story about how your husband does not understand you?"
Becca blinked and opened her mouth to tell him the truth then closed it. What had happened to her was none of this man's business.
Common sense told her she'd done nothing wrong, but her heart told her she'd betrayed Rick by acting like a common whore. She'd let Lucas Del Garda touch her in ways, kiss her in ways that had broken every link in the chain of her self control. Rick would never have bent her over the arm of a sofa, thrusting into her, rutting like an animal, so hard that his balls slapped against her sweet spot.
 And she'd loved every single second of the experience. What she'd wanted, needed, had been a physical connection, an intimacy with another human being. She'd been starving for it she realised now with hindsight.
This man, who had swept her off her feet last night, was physically overwhelming and an expert in seduction. He'd played her body like a violin, knowing precisely which strings to pluck to make her soar to his tune. And God, she'd soared to dizzying heights. Heights she'd never reached with the love of her life.
Her womb clutched again as she stood there just staring at Lucas. Shame flooded her system and she wondered if she would ever be able to forgive herself for still having lingering erotic feelings of desire for a total stranger.
Emotion drowned her voice. "I've never done anything like this before."
The effect of his dark nerve-shredding stare was devastating.
The hold on her emotions became shiveringly unstable.
Heat scorched her cheeks as his gaze ran over her body possessively.
She caught a glimpse of the thundering pulse in the hollow of his throat as he swallowed and took a deep breath.
His hand fisted on the table.
"Can I call you?" The words were spoken so softly she strained to hear him.
The room was so quiet she might have heard a silkworm breathe.
Emotions all over the place with everything that had happened in the last few hours, initially her mind refused to compute.
Good God, he was willing to have an affair? Disappointment with him warred with a righteous anger that she'd behaved like a wanton with a man who appeared to have no respect for women or the sanctity of marriage. Becca didn't take much notice of the tabloids, but it appeared they'd been spot on with this guy and he'd had the gall to say that she was a piece of work?
What kind of man was he?
She shook her head as the deepening fury with herself turned outwards. Anger felt a hell of a lot better than guilt.
Her throat was dust dry. "I don't think that would be a good idea."
His eyes were cool now and remained on her face as he stood and moved towards her.
For a moment she thought he was going to argue, but he handed her the envelope.
"If you ever change your mind." 
Heart thundering in her ears, she stared at the envelope before dropping it at his feet.
Opening the door she looked back and tipped up her chin, finding it hard to focus through swimming emotions.
"Don't hold your breath. I'm not married." She blinked rapidly to clear her vision and saw his eyes narrow before she continued, "He died and he was worth ten of you."
 
 

End of Chapter One - 'A Stormy Spring'


Chapter One - 'Run Rosie Run'  

'You're not getting any younger.'
 The clear frustration in her mother's voice booming through the telephone speaker made Rosie hunch her shoulders and count to ten.
Biting her tongue she added the final touch, an icing extravaganza of pearlescent calla lilies, to the cake topper of a five tiered snowy white wedding cake.
Woo hoo! It looked fabulous, even if she did say so herself.
'Rosemary Margaret Gordon,' the disembodied voice continued and Rosie winced, the use of her full name was a bad sign. 'I want what's best for my baby girl. You need to look at your work life balance. Living to work is not healthy.' The tone, Rosie noted dimly, was now wheedling. 'I'd have thought after Bronte had the twins you'd have pulled your finger out. But it's been two years, darling, and I'm worried. You'll be thirty soon. Tick tock, tick tock.'
Rosie sent the phone a dark look.
There were times when her mother never ceased to amaze her and this was one of them. She was twenty-nine on her next birthday not thirty.
'Tick tock, tick tock?'
'Your biological clock, if you'd lift your head out of icing and cake mixes you'd have read that many women are leaving it too late to have children. Rosie, you're worrying me.'
Well, that was a downright lie. When had she ever given her mother a moment's anxiety?
Never. Well, apart from the time she fell off the barn roof when she was ten; and the time she and her best friend, Bronte, made a valiant attempt to down a bottle of neat vodka when they were fifteen; and ... well, never mind that. In recent years she'd been as good as gold and hadn't put a foot wrong.
She worked hard and ran a successful business. Some mothers were simply not bloody satisfied. It wasn't as if she was out partying, or doing drugs, or having wild monkey sex every night - or any night for that matter.
'I think you've got the sequencing wrong, mother. Surely I need a man first?'
Rosie topped up her coffee from the pot and took a sip.
'Exactly! You need to get out there and find him. He's not going to stroll through the door and sweep you off your feet. In your line of work the men you meet are already taken.'
Which, Rosie had to admit, was perfectly true. Running a wedding cake business meant the men she met were the fiancé of the bride or the father of the bride who footed the bill.
It cost her, but she managed to keep the tone pleasant.
'What do you want me to do? Take out an ad in the paper? Join an internet dating site? Or do you suggest I pop along to a sperm bank?'
'Now you're just being silly, darling. No man is perfect. Compromise! It's the key to all things. Look at how I comprise each and every day with your father?'
'Poor sap,' Rosie muttered under her breath.
'I heard that. We've been married for thirty-four years and I might not love him all the time, but we're crazy for each other.'
'Crazy's the word all right. How is he anyway? And how's life in Cyprus?'
Her mother gave a heartfelt sigh at the change of subject.
'He's out jogging and it's hot. Rosie, promise me you'll think about what I've said? I worry that you're missing out on something wonderful. Look how happy Bronte is.'
Enough, Rosie decided, was enough.
'There's only one Nico Ferranti. I'll give them your love. Got to run, the timer's about to go. Bye.'
She pressed the red button and knew her mother wouldn't be happy at being cut off, but what was she supposed to do? The woman was driving her nuts. It wasn't as if eligible men were jostling to beat a path to her door.
The trouble was she'd trawled through the local male demographic years ago. Bronte had found Nico when he'd bought Ludlow Hall, both of them struck dumb by their amazing chemistry. Okay, Bronte might have loathed Nico in the beginning, but it had all ended in happy ever after.
And she wasn't jealous of her friend's happiness. Not really. Well, maybe a little. But she knew she'd never ever attain the dizzy heights of marital bliss her friend had achieved.
Rosie knew this for an absolute fact because she'd already met the man of her dreams and had lost her heart to him on her tenth birthday.
The trouble was she wasn't the woman of his dreams, more like his biggest nightmare.
Alexander Ludlow saw her as a sister like Bronte, a friend, or worse as a 'damned nuisance'.
Two years ago, she'd persuaded him to drive her home from a wedding party certain her luck was in. She'd gone all out with her hair and a fabulous red bustier to showcase her boobs. But he'd simply patted her on the head goodnight and that was it. The mortification, the dashed hopes, the bitter disappointment, the lack of hot, steamy sex, still stung.
Not even Bronte knew how much she pined after Alexander. And Bronte Ferranti knew pretty much everything there was to know about Rosemary Gordon. It was the one secret Rosie had kept from her friend and Rosie hugged it and kept it close to her heart.
She also squirreled treasured mementos in a locked wooden box under her bed.
A part of her wondered if her fixation with Alexander was healthy because contained in that box were items with which a shrink would have a field day.
In no particular order, the purloined souvenirs included; Alexander's lucky cricket ball that went missing when he was sixteen and she'd been nine. A pair of solid silver cuff links he'd been awarded for rowing when he'd been eighteen and still bemoaned the loss of today. Valentine cards she'd written every year since her twelfth birthday and never sent. Newspaper clippings documenting him receiving his degree along with many business successes and a tie in pure silk by Armani.
The tie was her most recent acquisition.
He'd left it behind at a party at Bronte's and she'd snuck it into her bag. The decision to take it had been made on the spur of the moment and to be honest the fact that she'd done such a thing both disturbed and shamed her. Even now her cheeks heated in mortification. No one must ever know she was a thief as well as madly in love with a man she'd never ever have.
Christ, alarm gripped her throat. Did that mean she was a stalker?
If Bronte ever found out... Rosie shivered. How embarrassing would that be?
Not that she let her undying, unrequited love for Alexander Ludlow get her down. Nope. Most of the time she didn't even think of him. Yeah right, her conscience snorted.
Rosie knew Alexander would never look at her in a romantic way and not just because she didn't come from the same background either.
Her late grandfather had toiled down a coal pit in the north of England. Although to be fair, the twelve year old Alexander had hung on to her grandfather's every word when he used to tell tall tales of his life.
 Their mothers had been best friends and the families, in spite of the differences or perhaps because of them, had been close. Anyway, her background was nothing to be ashamed of, Rosie told herself.
Her father had worked hard for over thirty-five years and fought his way to the top in the oil industry. Due to the amount of travelling he and her mother did, they'd sent Rosie to boarding school with Bronte.
Alexander Ludlow found Rosie Gordon a 'Total pain in the ass and a bad influence on his sister.' She knew that for an absolute fact since he'd told her often enough. 
The main issue that would never be overcome was she simply wasn't Alexander's type. He liked his women immaculate, tall, blonde and skinny.
Rosie's black hair with the riotous curls was like a bird's nest on a good day. She was five foot three and three quarter inches tall. She'd never be skinny no matter how hard she tried, and God knew she'd tried. 
Alexander was attracted to women with names like Lucinda, Tabitha or Imogen with cut glass accents and a trust fund. The name Rosie didn't roll off the tongue in quite the same way. She'd gone to a good school but she certainly didn't have a trust fund.
Everything was soft about his women; they're hair, their skin, their voices. Women who glided, who'd been taught deportment and 'how to be a lady.'
Rosie had been taught how to climb trees, to scream like a banshee and not to cry at the sting of skinned knees.
Her father was big, broad and as strong as a bull, but gentle in his love for his little family. While her mother might be petite with dark eyes, but she had the roar and the heart of a lion. Her mother's displeasure made her big father cringe and her delight made him light up like a Christmas tree. They loved each other deeply. It was the type of love that Rosie wanted and would settle for nothing less.
However, something Rosie simply could not get her head around was the mystifying truth that Alexander still hadn't found the one. In fact, he hadn't even come close, and why was that?
She frowned. Now she'd come to think of it, he'd been in a dry spell for too many months. He worked too hard. Maybe that was it; maybe he hadn't met a woman who could put up with the amount of travelling he did. Business came first with Alexander and not many women were prepared to put up with that sort of thing these days.
And what was she doing thinking about him as if she had nothing better to do?
Irritated with herself for indulging in a useless daydream and with her mother for causing it, Rosie prepared to clean up and leave on time for once.
This was her favourite part of the day.
Sweet Sensation had moved from The Dower House of Ludlow Hall to the Tithe Barn just outside of town. Josh, Nico's architect, had done a fabulous job of creating the perfect working, living space for the business and for her. The sprawling open plan annex at the rear of the property was a self contained unit with its own entrance and she absolutely loved it.
She'd just placed the cake topper in the cool room when the arrival of a black glossy Range Rover in the car park had Rosie growl in her throat.
Think of the devil and it was sure to appear.
A tall man with wide shoulders and immaculately cut hair the colour of ripe chestnuts got out. Her heart, an organ that most of the time gave her no trouble, did its usual little shimmy. Alexander Ludlow had a haunting, brooding male beauty that attracted women like bees to honey. For too many years she'd watched normally intelligent women lose the power of speech when they  saw him for the first time and how their eyes went wide, their face flush and their breath catch.
A vivid memory of the first time he'd fallen in love flashed into her mind. How those sea green eyes had gone all dark, hot and hungry when he'd looked at Lucinda Menzies-Smith, a tall, leggy blonde with no boobs and big blue vacant eyes.
Rosie had been sixteen and it had nearly killed her. She'd managed to avoid him until her late teens, knowing even then that her secret devotion to him had the power to destroy.
And not much had changed she admitted now. It was a total waste of a life and the time had come for her to move on. A fresh start was just what she needed. Time to grow-up, Rosie, and time to find out what the future held. Nothing was going to happen here. Alexander wouldn't be struck by lightning and see her. That sort of thing happened in romance novels, not in real life.
God knew she couldn't go on like this.
No other man made her respond to him like Alexander did. No other man could drive her crazy like Alexander did. No other man made her act out the way he did either. But there was a big wide world out there, surely there was someone in it, a man, who would want and need her the way she needed to be needed?
Alexander Ludlow mooned over no one and she'd put good money on it he never gave Rosemary Margaret Gordon a second thought.
Since the business had moved, he'd taken to casually dropping in two or three times a week to shoot the breeze with the staff and to make sure she was okay, along with pinching the odd muffin and drinking her coffee. In fact, he'd been using her space as his own personal coffee shop, doing the big brother thing and sticking his nose into her business for months.
Strolling through the door as if he owned the place, he had the face of a warrior, all plains and angles. A wide forehead with heavy brows rose above deep set eyes of sea green which changed colour according to his mood. The nose was long and straight. But it was the wide mouth that always did it for her.
One day, Rosie grimly promised herself, she was going to French kiss that mouth.
By the bespoke charcoal suit, white shirt and silk tie, he'd either come from The Hall or was returning from a meeting. The black Italian leather shoes, she had a thing for shoes, probably cost as much as her monthly salary. Look at him, Mr GQ, all long and lean and delectably gorgeous.
Seriously annoyed with him and with herself for being so pitiful, Rosie didn't return Alexander's quick grin.
Ignoring the strange little jolt in her tummy, she painted a bored expression on her face.
'Hey, you,' Alexander greeted her in a deep voice the tone friendly as he strode through the reception area into the huge open plan kitchen.
His eyes, a sparkling green, met hers.
At her lack of response, those slashing brows rose.
He moved into her personal space and she got a wonderful whiff of a healthy male in his prime and his cologne which did precarious things to her hormones.
Rosie swallowed a pathetic whimper.
Alexander's thumb and forefinger gently gripped her chin.
'What's with the face?'
She slapped his hand away, turning to the coffee pot to top up her mug and hide the unexpected heat in her cheeks.
What was the matter with her? He'd touched her loads of times and she hadn't reacted like this. Her throat appeared to have dried up.
Taking a sip of coffee, she turned to study him over the rim of the mug. 
He ran the tip of his tongue over his top teeth, a sure sign he was irritated.
It was bad of her to take her mood out on him. How was it his fault that she was crazy about him?
'My face is fine. What do you want?'
Alexander took a couple of steps back at her belligerent tone and held up his hands in a peace gesture.
'Whoa, I'm going to turn around, leave, come back and we can start again.'
'Stop being stupid. What do you want?'
Those eyes went dark now and as sharp as a blade.
'Well, a coffee would be nice if you can spare one.' The voice was soft, the tone cool.
A sliver of aroused panic ran up her spine. This was ridiculous, and her pulse was banging in her throat. Too much caffeine? She couldn't do this. She couldn't sit and chat as if he was a normal person and she felt nothing.
Something must have shown in her expression because he moved closer, those glittering eyes narrowing fractionally as they searched her face.
Panic had Rosie retreat against the worktop, a fact which made her tone sharp and unleashed her inner bitch.
'Don't they serve coffee up at The Hall? Your little harem not bowing and scraping to their lord and master these days?' The administration staff at Ludlow Hall were lovely, and she knew it, but they were all uniformly young, tall and blonde. And all happily married Rosie reminded herself. But the poison kept on coming. 'I'm very busy. Too busy to waste time with someone like you.'
Fast as a snake he moved in and placed a hand either side of her on the worktop.
She closed her eyes to that marvellous mouth. And God he smelt fabulous. 
Rosemary Gordon never trembled - she didn't do trembling. But she was trembling now.
'Harem? Someone like me? What the hell's got into you?'
Since he was in her personal space, in her face, she grabbed a hold of the spike of temper like a lifeline.
She smacked her palm on his wide chest and pushed.
He didn't shift.
'Back off!' Her eyes collided with his.
He stepped away and held up his palms.
'Okay, what did I do?' he demanded.
Her breath caught in her throat as her heart thundered in her ears.
She couldn't do this.
'Nothing, you haven't done a thing. Please, Alexander, leave me alone.'
Why was she behaving like a moron? The man was looking at her as if she'd grown another head. Those green eyes were so full of concern she couldn't meet them. So she concentrated on that strong manly jaw and suppressed the insane desire to lick along the edge of it.
She took a shaky breath. 'Look, it's been a bad day, okay?'
Alexander grabbed her, pushed her into a chair, pulled up another to sit in front of her and took her hands in his.
Oh, no, no, no.
His voice went soft and low, 'What's the matter, angel face? Who's upset you?'
Rosie simply stared at their joined hands.
He had beautiful hands, she realised dimly, with long fingers and clipped nails. His thumbs were stroking her knuckles in a smooth rhythm that sent her blood fizzing through her veins.
How the hell was she going to get out of this unscathed?
She shook her head. 'I've just got off the phone with my mother.'
He gripped her hands tighter. 'What's happened, are they okay?'
The response was so typical of him; she gave a soft laugh and met his eyes.
'They're fine. She wants me to give her a grandchild, sooner rather than later.'
He released her, sat back and grinned.
Rosie decided she was seriously losing it because as soon as he let her go she had the sensation of being cast adrift, abandoned even.
'Who's the lucky man?' The grin turned into a big cheesy smile.
She narrowed her eyes and stared deep into his. 'You are.'
For a couple of heartbeats Alexander thought she was deadly serious.
Big eyes the colour of melted treacle stared into his and he had the weirdest sensation of drowning. Thick Bambi lashes blinked once, twice and then she grinned at him, her mood changing in a flash.
'Gotcha!' Her mouth was wide, with a sexy full bottom lip. He'd noticed that bottom lip many times before and did his level best to ignore it now, but his mouth watered.
Her hair was hidden under a white chef's bandana. He knew those curls, the colour of glossy jet, usually tumbled around her shoulders, down her back, and he fought the urge to release them from confinement.
Running a hand over the back of his neck, his jaw, he had the peculiar feeling of stepping into a mine field.
The idea that she was upset with him, angry with him, still tickled his tail bone. But he decided to leave it for the moment.
The thing about Rosie was she could be moody and she tended to take the odd swipe at him for no apparent reason that he could fathom.
However, she never held a grudge and whatever he'd done she'd tell him, eventually.
'Very funny. Talking of babies, Julie's due to return from maternity leave and I wondered if you could make her a cake. You know, a sort of welcome back to work cake,' he explained.
Those dark eyes sparkled into his and he found he didn't know what to do with his hands, so he stood and thrust them into his trouser pockets.
'Aww, that's a lovely idea.' She rose, crossed to a big black diary and flipped it open. Picking up a pen she turned to him with big eyes. 'When do you want it?'
'Ah, Thursday if you can manage it.'
Gorgeous eyebrows the colour of coal winged into her hairline as she scanned the busy pages. 'This Thursday?' Those fabulous eyes turned to him in amazement and she articulated the words very slowly as if talking to an idiot, 'Are you having a laugh?'
Chewing on his top lip he gave her a shrug and winced as she jabbed the page with her forefinger. He scanned the pages. She ran the business with military precision and by the look of things she'd been up since five-thirty this morning.
'Ah, I should have let you know sooner, but the idea came to me today. Sorry, look, I'll pop into town and pick up one at the supermarket or go into the bakery. No problem.'
Those dark eyes narrowed, that soft mouth pouted even as the stubborn chin lifted. And he thought, oh crap.
'That's what you think, pal.' She poked him hard in the chest once, twice. 'It's a good job for you I love and adore your PA or I'd let you embarrass yourself. Buying a supermarket cake is like buying wilting flowers from a petrol station instead of taking the time to go to a florist.'
Those nails were sharp so he grabbed her hand and decided he couldn't do anything right with her today.
'It's the thought that counts.'
Her dark eyes went icy as she tipped her head to look up into his face.
'Then the thought's cheap. It doesn't scream 'I value you' does it?'
He couldn't take his eyes from her mouth. That pouting bottom lip mesmerised, fascinated him and his pulse, his groin, gave a sharp jolt. Two things hit him. Her skin was soft, flawless and she smelt amazing. All warm woman, sweet and fresh with a fruity kick.
Alarm dinged in his brain. This was Rosie. She was like a sister to him. His thoughts, his physical response, were totally inappropriate. She'd deck him if he made a move and rightly so.
He dropped her hand and took a step back.
Attack Alexander always figured was the best form of defence.
So he glowered at her and ran a hand through his hair.
'I can't win with you, can I?'
Her fists on her hips pulled her pristine chef jacket tight across her pert breasts and his mouth went bone dry.
Those dark eyes flashed. 'Nope. Good thing we always carry emergency stock isn't it? I'm a girl. I plan ahead. You should try it sometime. It'll be ready for you on Thursday afternoon after five-thirty.'
'That's fine, five-thirty's fine. Thanks, Rosie, I owe you one.'
Normally he'd give her a peck on the cheek or lean in for a hug. Not today he wouldn't... he retreated instead.
As he opened the door, he turned to find her still standing there with a strange look in her eyes. She looked sad. No, bereft. The urge to turn back, to take her in his arms, shook him up enough to make him frown at her.
'Don't forget to lock-up behind me,' he ordered.
As he turned on the engine, he sent her a wave. She was still staring at him, but something else was going on with her. She'd been more touchy than usual around him lately. Perhaps he should have dug deeper? Maybe she was having man trouble? He'd speak to Bronte. If anyone knew what was going on it would be his sister. Rosie told her everything.
And he didn't stop to wonder what business was it of his or why he should care.

What was she? An idiot?
He'd become overly protective after Bronte had been attacked, which was, Rosie admitted, fair enough, but she was perfectly capable of locking up.
And she had absolutely no business mooning over him and behaving like a total idiot. What was the point of hankering over something you couldn't have?
Skimming over the lists of her freezer contents, Rosie found a couple of Bronte's walnut coffee mocha cakes, a twelve inch and a six inch. Maybe with a white chocolate filling which, she saw, they had plenty to spare, she'd make a two-piece and cover them in cream icing piped in pink, since Julia had had the sweetest baby girl. In fact, she'd make the whole thing a girly extravaganza. If she got up early over Tuesday and Wednesday she'd manage it. It could be the start of a new line for the business. Once the girls at The Hall saw the cake, they'd spread the word.
Time was money in her world, so it might not be such a bad deal after all.
The conversation with Alexander made Rosie frown as she wrote down a list of ingredients and ideas. Supermarket? She'd give him supermarket, cheeky bugger. By the time she'd finished, he'd owe her all right.
All she needed to do was to find a way to make him pay-up.

End of Chapter One - Run Rosie Run



Chapter One  - 'The Trouble With Coco Monroe'


Coco Monroe didn't do romance, she didn't do babies and she sure as hell didn't do weddings.
It wasn't that she didn't do love or was jaded. She loved her family, her friends. She was a caring, sharing sort of a person. But she didn't do weddings. And if it wasn't for the fact that Rosie Gordon was one of her closest friends she wouldn't be doing this one either.
In theory she had absolutely nothing against procreation or the institution of marriage.
And as far as mini human beings were concerned she could take them or leave them.
Unlike most women she didn't bill and coo over her friend's spawn.
Nope.
Now dogs, well dogs were a completely different thing.
She loved the couple of mutts that shared her life with her whole heart.
Why did other people, people who should mind their own damn business by the way, believe she was missing out?
As soon as her brothers knew she was attending Rosie's wedding to Alexander Ludlow the winks and nudges had started. Along with the sly comments about her, 'Carrying on the family line.'
Why should she be the one to carry on the family line?
After all she was the baby of the Monroe clan.
Why couldn't Ethan, Wallace and Bruce step-up and be men?
They were the ones with penises. 
It was bad enough listening to her father's relentless mutters to set her up with a, 'Good man.'
No. Thank. You.
She had a career, a life to lead, things to do and that didn't include a husband or children. 
According to the latest government demographics, seventy per cent of women aged twenty-eight were single, career oriented and in no hurry to have babies or settle down.
Right on, sistas.

The tiny family chapel in the grounds of Ludlow Hall with its clipped lawns and rose covered arches dated back to the seventeenth century. It had witnessed many births, marriages and deaths of the Ludlow family. And was absolutely charming. 
Inside, the chapel's slightly shabby condition gave it a certain steadfast grandeur. The vibe wasn't exactly eerie but it was as if the ghosts who dwelt there ran soft fingers of welcome across Coco's cheek, down her bare arms.
She shivered.
'You okay?' Louise muttered.
'This place is so atmospheric.'
'I know. But it's a friendly sort of creepy. There's a lotta love being felt here today.'
Coco grinned. 'You're a big softie when it comes to weddings.'
'I'm a big softie when it comes to Rosie Gordon. She doesn't hang around does she? It must be shortest engagement in living memory.'
'Alexander was the one in a hurry,' Coco whispered.
'It took him long enough to see the light,' Louise muttered.

'You may now kiss the bride,' instructed the minister.
Alexander didn't need to be told twice.
 The congregation laughed at the bride's surprised yelp as the groom bent her over his arm and kissed her senseless.
Then an organist with two chins, and working on a third, beamed as he played the wedding march with gusto.
'They look insanely happy.' Louise whispered in Coco's ear.
She was right.
Alexander and Rosemary Ludlow held hands as they strolled down the aisle.
Coco had to admit the bride's cropped hair had come as a surprise but her friend suited the style. 
The wedding dress, a dreamy concoction of ivory silk and tulle, came all the way from a fabulous designer in Rome. It was off the shoulder and showcased a slim but curvy body.
Rosie's dark brown eyes were suspiciously bright even as she grinned at the guests.
Those bright eyes went huge with wicked glee when she spotted Coco and Louise. Rosie was well versed in Coco's views on divine happiness.
Behind the happy couple came the wedding party of Rosie's parents, Alexander's sister Bronte Ferranti, her husband Nico and their twins.
'Aww, look at the babies, isn't little Sophia just gorgeous?' Louise cooed in a way that had Coco battle not to roll her eyes.
In spite of herself, she had to agree the kid looked cute.
Jeez, what the hell was going on with her friends?
They were dropping like flies into wedded bliss and babies.
However, Coco had to admit marriage and motherhood certainly agreed with Bronte.
She worked the pencil slim look in a knee length dress in emerald silk. Along with a matching fascinator on her shiny blonde head.
Yep, Bronte Ferranti was one hot mama.
And the way the big Italian Nico Ferranti was looking at his wife, no wonder she was happy. Who wouldn't be happy with a gorgeous male specimen like that drooling all over her.
Envy was a useless emotion, but Coco couldn't help the little dart to the heart.
The bitter truth was that with her emotional baggage there wasn't a man on the planet who would take her on. He'd need balls of steel to stand up to her father.


She gave herself a mental shake - remember, no negativity.
Positive thoughts were the rule of the day.
And today was a happy day.
She'd have fun even if it killed her.
And talking of fun.
'I told you we'd arrive in plenty of time.' Coco sent Louise a slitty-eyed-butter-wouldn't-melt look.
Her best friend slid the look right back. 'You're fortunate no police were lurking,' she retorted, not bothering to hide her annoyance. 'You've two speeds, stop and bat-out-of-hell. It was sheer luck you didn't ding either the Bentley or the Ferrari the way you shoe-horned your car into that space.'
Wearing a sheath the colour of fresh straw, Louise was a skinny blonde with legs up to her armpits and today looked as if she'd stepped right out of the pages of a glossy magazine. Her heart-shaped face with deep green eyes, porcelain skin, had a wide mouth and a no nonsense chin.
It was bad of Coco, but she couldn't resist digging Ms Cranky Pants with a pointy stick.
'Can't wait to paaaartaay,' she sang, and did a little shoulder shimmy.
Sure enough determined green eyes flashed into hers.
'You're not well enough to party. I'm driving back and if I see you looking pale and interesting I'll set Bronte on you. She doesn't take crap from anyone, even you.'
Now Coco gave her big eyes.
'I'm feeling fine, mummy. No shortness of breath. No pain. I'm good to go.'
'Big words, Monroe. Don't forget I was there when the doctor told you to take it easy. A punctured lung is not an ingrown toenail.'
Coco conceded she had a point, but the first real freedom she'd had in months to just drive without being shadowed by bodyguards had gone to her head.
She grinned, remembering Louise's wail as the hot red Audi Spyder had whipped through the gates of Ludlow Hall.
About to respond Coco stopped dead, went stiff.
The hairs on the back of her neck tingled. It was as if a gentle fingertip whispered down the sensitive skin.
She knew that tingle. 
And that tingle made her scowl.
Louise blinked. 'What's up?'
'Trouble,' Coco said with a throaty growl.
Very slowly she turned around.

And sure enough right at the back of the Chapel was one Lord of the Realm and all round pain-in-the-ass, Rafael Cavendish.
Their eyes met.
His dark gaze struck her like a blow.
Since she'd felt that impact many times before it never failed to annoy.
And boy, the way that gaze seared her ovaries, it more than annoyed her now.
His morning dress suit in pale grey was bespoke and hugged shoulders that might have belonged to a linebacker. The crisp cotton shirt was so white against a healthy glowing skin it hurt the eye. He wore the suit like the armour of a warrior of old.
And he was a warrior, she reminded herself.
Since Rafe had left the military two years ago, he'd run operations and security for Monroe Industries. Slipping right into the trusted position of her father's right-hand man. Mr Trouble Shooter himself.
The way those dark eyes flicked to Louise, gave a brief nod of hello before returning to Coco, popped annoyance up another click.
For the life of her she could not understand the little dance of excitement skittering up her spine.
Then the way his dark, dark eyes took a stroll from the fascinator on her head, down her silk dress, the way they lingered possessively on her small breasts and back to her face made her eyes narrow into slits.
As the face of Coco cosmetics she had lots of attractive men look at her, desire her.
Plenty.
And she knew how to handle them too.
Dream on, Rafael.
Something must have shown in her face because that long mouth with the full bottom lip twitched as if trying very hard not to smile.
Her brother Ethan moved to his side, said something in his ear.
Rafael responded, but the way his eyes never left hers had a shiver run over her skin.
'Might've known they'd been invited,' Louise said in a tone of utter disgust.
Dragging her eyes from Rafe's, Coco took a deep cleansing breath.
'They went to school with Alexander. It's a free country. We can avoid them if we want to.'
'Still not speaking to Ethan?'
Coco's chin rose. 'Nope.'
'It's been a week. Don't you think you're being a little bit childish?'
Not many people got away with talking to Coco Monroe in that tone. They'd been friends since that very first day at kindergarten. After years of education in the same establishments Louise was more than her best friend, more than a sister. They worked together, played together and were a strong team. Honesty was a big part of what made them tick and Coco knew Louise wasn't being nasty or bitchy. She was simply stating the facts as she saw them.
'He voted to keep me off the board,' Coco reminded her.
'Ethan will always back your father's decision. It's his company, therefore his rules.'
Angry betrayal burned too hot in her belly, in her heart. 'Yeah? Well, I'm a Monroe too. I've a right to be there. I've the qualifications, the experience. All I'm missing is a penis.'
Since she'd heard it all and more before, Louise simply nodded.
'What happened to you scared us, Coco. But it's been hardest of all on your father. He needs to wrap you up in cotton wool. He'll come around eventually. He always does. You just need to give him time.'
Louise was right.
Her father always gave in but never without a fight to the death.
Although father and daughter clashed the love and respect they had for one another usually managed to overcome all disagreements. Over the years they'd learned to compromise. But since the night she'd been attacked her father had become completely unreasonable. He brooked no argument or defiance. His word was law and that was that. No debate. No discussion. She had her place and by God she would stay there.
Coco had no intention of doing any such thing.
And she was sick and tired not only of the battle but of the war.
Sick and tired of having to emotionally prepare for every little skirmish with her larger than life parent. She was tired of fighting for her independence, for her very soul.
Her life now was split into two distinct parts, before the night she'd been assaulted and after.
When her father found out what she'd recently been up to he'd never forgive her for keeping him in the dark, but it couldn't be helped. She had a life outside of Monroe Industries, a life outside of Coco cosmetics. A life she was desperate to embrace.
Since she'd sent her letter of resignation five days ago, she'd heard nothing. And that was typical of how her parent played mind games. But the truth was that by resigning in sheer temper after their show down she'd hurt him. A steel band of anxiety, of regret, meant her stomach muscles were now burning tangled ropes. She pressed the flat of her hand against her midsection. And recognised the ache for what is was, the driving, desperate need to please her father - an unattainable goal.

From outside the Chapel the sound of happy laughs, cell phones and camera flash brought her back to her surroundings.
This was neither the time nor the place for these thoughts or this discussion.
The Chapel was almost empty.
Coco hung back deciding to wait until the official photographer was finished.
She was more than aware that anyone rubber necking the wedding might be distracted if Coco Monroe was among the guests and started snapping. Today was about Rosie and Alexander. She didn't want anyone selling photos of their special day to the tabloids.
Being the only daughter of one of the richest men in the country meant the paparazzi had always been an issue. Add in social networks and camera phones, and these days her life was not her own. She might bitterly resent the intrusion at times, but since there was nothing Coco could do about it she'd learned to live with it.
Louise slung an arm around her shoulder and gave her a hug.
'It's not too late to change your mind.'
Coco shook her head. 'No way. I'd never forgive myself if anything happened to...'
Louise bit down hard on her bottom lip as anxiety entered her green eyes.
'I know. But if we get caught...'
'We won't,' Coco told her with absolute certainty. 'We can't stand by and do nothing.'
Now Louise nodded. 'I know. But I'll sleep better once it's all over.'
Coco's eyes met hers.
'You and me both.'
End of Chapter One - 'The Trouble With Coco Monroe



Contact the Author:

Email:  mailto:ccmackenzie56@gmail.com

Twitter:  https://twitter.com/CCMacKenzie1

Web / Blog:  http://ccmackenzie.com/

Facebook Author Page:  http://www.facebook.com/CCMzie



Paranormal Romance Books by CC MacKenzie

The Vampyre Legal Chronicles

Big Trouble in China - Book 1: Marcus




Dirty Little Secrets - Book 2: James



 
Dedication
 
For Hugo
Who's given me plenty of Reckless Nights over the years. Love you.


 
Acknowledgements
 
 
I am deeply, deeply indebted to the following for their help and support:
My husband, Hugo - for tolerating the crazy woman and for cooking, shopping, being a domestic God and stepping up to the plate (no pun intended) with the technical stuff.
Critique partners; Cynthia M Bristow, Cathy Lennon and Joanna Terrero - your talent and unconditional support has been awesome. You guys seriously rock!
To my beta readers, Lynne, Sue and Mags. 
Last but definitely not least to Jane Wenham-Jones who was the first published writer and 'how to' guru to tell me I was a writer.
Thank you.

