
Disclaimer

Please do not try any new sexual practice, especially those that might be more taboo in nature such as my BDSM/fetish titles without the guidance of an experienced practitioner.   Always practice with a partner you know you can trust and be sure to take all safety measures necessary to ensure a safe, pleasurable experience for all involved.  

I advocate the practice of safe, consensual sex with like-minded adults at least 18 years of age or older.  


COPYRIGHT © 2021, 2013 Reckless Curves by Sienna Stapleton  

Posting, sharing or reproducing this e-book without the expressed written consent of the author is a violation of copyright laws and a crime.  

Published by: Sienna Stapleton
Cover Art by: Sienna Stapleton
www.siennastapleton.com
Contact me @ siennastapleton@ymail.com

RECKLESS CURVES
by Sienna Stapleton

"Sienna Stapleton debuts with an exhilarating ride of curves and domination. A recommended read for lovers of BBW and BDSM." – Christa Wick (Author of Smoke and Curves)




Recognition and Thank You
To fellow authors Michelle Fox and Christa Wick
Thank you both for all of your encouragement and support.  You have no idea how much I appreciate what you’ve done for me.

Warning
This e-book contains sexually explicit scenes and adult language and may be considered offensive to some readers. E-books containing adult content are for sale to adults ONLY, as defined by the laws of the country in which you made your purchase. Please store your files wisely, where they cannot be accessed by under-aged readers.
This e-book is a work of fiction. While reference might be made to actual historical events or existing locations, the names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.


Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11

Chapter 1

Racing fuel and exhaust hung heavy in the mid-afternoon air, assaulting my nose while a cacophonous blend of roaring engines and shouts abused my eardrums. The scenario triggered long buried memories of my ex-husband and I stifled the need to cringe as I worked my way through the maze of people milling about. 
Can you smell that Shannon? That’s the smell of success.
My ex’s scratchy voice echoed in my ears stirring feelings of sadness and inadequacy until they bubbled to the surface. I wanted to leave, to run as fast as my plump legs could carry me. 
Instead, I lowered my gaze and continued walking. No matter how ugly my memories might be, I had a job to do. With my business partner Marcy on maternity leave and my other partner Kayla handling the accounting for our little company, I didn’t have much choice. Hague Motor Sports was our biggest account. 
Without it, our business could flounder and we’d worked too hard to let that happen. When the owner Brent Hague called saying he had an emergency, it was a big deal. Marcy insisted the best way to handle Brent Hague was face to face. She also thought it would be good for me to face down my demons. 
Knowing nothing about the representation side of the business or how to be an agent, I sucked up my personal feelings and hopped the next flight to Charlotte.
After a very late night arrival at my hotel, a fitful night’s sleep, and a slow crawl through traffic just to reach the track I was…
Frustrated…
Out of my element…
Trying desperately to hide from the ghost of a wrecked marriage…
And I had no idea where to find my client. 
Doing my best to put my ex out of my mind, I lifted my sunglasses and scanned my surroundings, taking in the nearly empty grandstands and the high curve of the track. Even with the empty stands, an undercurrent of excitement filtered through the air and slowly seeped into my pores. Regardless of my severe aversion to stock car racing, I couldn’t help but feel a certain amount of anticipation begin to build and slowly replace the dread. Maybe Marcy was right. I needed this experience as a way to completely flush what my ex did from my system. After all, I shouldn’t really condemn an entire sport simply due to the actions of one man right?
I pondered that thought as I walked along the row of car haulers- in search of my client. When Wayne left, he’d hadn’t so much taken my heart as my confidence. For years he talked of joining NASCAR as a pit crew member. While his life was consumed with racing and he constantly worked the pits at local tracks, I’d never actually expected him to reach his dream job.
Oh sure, I’d spent many a Friday and Saturday night stuck sitting in the uncomfortable grandstands watching midget racing, open wheel, and sprint cars, supporting Wayne while he worked as a substitute pit crew member for various teams. However, I’d never expected him to be good enough for the big leagues of racing. He generally wasn’t the most ambitious man and, when he wasn’t working at the track, he spent his time lying around watching racing on television or sleeping. Outside of his NASCAR dreams, Wayne did virtually nothing. So when he’d sat me down to tell me he’d gotten a job with a NASCAR team, I hadn’t actually believed he would leave. 
Maybe I was naïve. Maybe I’d closed my eyes to the truth in an attempt to save my fragile ego. In the end, nothing I did had mattered. He’d used me for money, broken me with his words and actions, then gone off to follow his dreams and left me alone to pick up the pieces of my sorry life. 
Wayne’s cruel words resurfaced, reopening old wounds.
I’m in NASCAR now. I don’t need to fuck your fat ass. I can have any girl I want. A beautiful one – just like the one in our bed right now.
I swallowed down another lump while I searched for the red and white car hauler belonging to my client. Walking around aimlessly was only feeding my neuroses and I’d promised myself never to let Wayne hurt me again or know how badly he’d hurt me that night. No matter how vulnerable I suddenly felt, I was damn well going to keep that promise. I would start by finding my client and quick. 
I approached a man dressed in a green uniform with a battery company name on the back. “Excuse me.”
He turned and the smile on his face faded as he quickly assessed me. “Yes?”
Ignoring the repulsion that appeared in his eyes, I continued. “Can you direct me to the Hague Motor Sports hauler?”
The man arched a brow as his gaze raked over me yet again, then a look of disgust finally settled across his face. Heat flushed through my body as I struggled not to react. Yes, I was a big girl, but that didn’t mean I deserved to be judged like some farmer’s prize pig. 
Turning away, he angled a thumb in the direction of a group of tractor-trailers beyond the garage area. “It’s that way. If you’re looking for Calen I think he’s out on the track right now.” 
He appeared as if he wanted to say more. Instead, he returned to his task without another word. 
“Thank you,” I murmured, remembering my manners despite wanting to slap him across the face for his quick leap to judgment. So what if I had bigger curves than most of the woman who were currently roaming the infield? My size wasn’t some measuring stick for how nice I was or whether I deserved to be treated with respect. Besides, it wasn’t as if I enjoyed being overweight. I exercised and tried to eat right, but still the pounds wouldn’t come off. Pushing thirty years old, I’d finally resigned myself to the fact that I would never be the skinny girl I was back in school.
Angry at myself for being shamed by his reaction, I proceeded in the direction he’d pointed. Worrying over what I couldn’t control would get me nowhere. I forced my thoughts back to where they belonged…my client Brent Hague and his rock star driver, Calen Callaghan. 
I’d heard rumors about Calen’s panache for partying during his off hours and his affinity for the ladies. From what little I’d read on the man, he apparently oozed confidence and sex appeal. If the comments from the man in the green uniform were any indication, the rumors were true. 
Not that it mattered to me. Based on the pictures I’d seen of Calen, he liked his women thin and willowy, which meant he probably wouldn’t look twice at me. That was fine. The only person I was interested in dealing with was Brent Hague. The sooner I spoke with him about what he was looking for in a sponsor and how much money was involved, the sooner I could find him what he needed and return to New York.
Just thinking about Brent Hague conjured images of some fifty something businessman, with a receding hairline and a pot belly, smoking a cigar. Since Marcy gave me little information about the account, except to say I needed to learn as much about the sport as possible, I had to fill in the blanks. I could only hope the owner of Hague Motorsports wouldn’t have the same reaction to me as Mr. Green Uniform. If I ended up spending the entire weekend being ignored, or, worse yet, stared at in disgust, Marcy was going to owe me big time. 
I passed nearly a dozen trucks before finally stumbling upon the Hague Motors Sports hauler. The back gate was open with the ramp down, the car or cars that should have been parked inside already gone. A man dressed in a white and red uniform stood over what appeared to be a workbench built into the trailer wall.
Steeling my nerves, I inhaled and stepped onto the ramp. “Excuse me-”
“I’m sorry but fans are not allow back here,” the man interrupted without even looking up.
“I’m not a fan. I’m looking for Brent Hague.”
He put down the piece of equipment he was working on and turned his attention to me. An eerie feeling of Deja vu settled over me as I studied him. Did I know him and, if so, where did I know him from? 
He leaned over and inspected the track pass around my neck. “So you’re the rep from New York City that’s taking Marcy’s place?”
At least he’d had the courtesy to not look disgusted by my presence. “Guilty as charged.” I extended a hand to shake. “Shannon Meyers, at your service.”
The man stared at me for a moment before his eyes lit up with recognition. “Shannon Meyers? Not the same Shannon Meyers who grew up in Dakota, Virginia?”
My heart skipped a beat. How did he know that? Maybe I did know him after all. 
I pulled off my sunglasses to get a better look at him. “That would be me.”
His smile turned wry. “You don’t remember me do you?”
“No. I’m sorry. You do look familiar, but…” Childhood memories flooded my mind. Fuzzy images of high school parties, my brother and his best friend. “Oh My God. Tony Chapman?”
His grin widened. “The one and only.”
“How have you been?” Excitement and relief flooded through me as I stepped up and wrapped my arms around him. It felt so good to know somebody. 
“I’m good. How’s your brother? I haven’t talked to him in years.”
I stepped back and smiled. “Shawn’s good. He’s a service manager at the Dodge dealer back in Dakota.” 
“Married?”
I shook my head. “Not yet, but if his fiancé has anything to say about it he will be by next year.”
“That’s great. You’ll have to tell him I said hello.”
“I will. He’ll be really happy to hear from you.”
“Well.” Tony raked a hand through his hair and let out a long sigh. “I suppose you’d like me to take you to Brent, huh?”
“That would be nice.”
Tony nodded. “Then follow me.”

Chapter 2

Walking into the garage area was like walking into a different world. Rows of cars lined the bays, some with their hoods up, some sitting on lifts in the air. Men scurried between the giant toolboxes and million dollar cars, like mice stealing cheese from a refrigerator. I grimaced at the abrasive sounds of wrenches clanking, impact guns in use and the unmistakable reverberation of running engines. Despite all the garage doors being open, the putrid stench of exhaust and racing fuel filled the building, battering my throat. I resisted the urge to cough. How was it that these men didn’t die of lung cancer?
Tony motioned for me to stop just feet from the front of the car. “I’ll warn you, Brent can be a real prick when he wants to be. He wasn’t happy when Marcy called to tell him about going on maternity leave. So he may be a little short with you.”
Great! I was no happier about Marcy’s early maternity leave, but sometimes life tossed you curves. You could either navigate those curves or fight to make them straight lines. Either way, they needed addressed. In my case that meant facing my dislike of racing and doing my job. Of course that didn’t mean I was happy about it. 
I slid my sunglasses up, letting them rest on the top of my head. “Yeah well, I can be a real bitch when I want to be and I’m no happier about being here than he is having me here. But he needs a new sponsor ASAP, so he can get over it or go broke.” 
Tony didn’t reply. He simply shook his head and turned to the crew. “Where’s Brent?”
Two men working under the hood pointed to a pair of brown work boots sticking out from under the car. A string of curses trailed out from beneath its carriage up into the air around them.
“God damn it, I told Calen not to drive so fucking hard into that corner. He bottomed out and busted the spring again. We’ll have to raise the lift to change it.”
 “Brent?” Tony attempted to get his attention. 
“What the hell is it, Tony? Can’t you see I’m busy?”
Tony arched a brow at me, as if confirming his earlier statement. “Um, Ms. Meyers is here.”
“Who?”
“Ms. Meyers. You know, from Triple M Advertising.”
“Oh yeah, the broad who’s supposed to do Marcy’s job while she’s away having a baby. Tell her not to get her tits in a twist. I’ll be with her in a sec.”
Broad? Tits in a twist? Just what had I gotten myself into? 
Tony raised a hand to his head and began rubbing his temples with his thumb and forefinger. “I told you to be prepared,” he whispered, taking a step back.
I steeled myself as thoughts of my ex-husband raced through my brain. If I could deal with Wayne then Mr. Hague should be a piece of cake...I hoped. “I’ve dealt with worse.” 
Just then, the boots moved and I stepped back to make way as the rest of the man appeared from under the car.
He sat up and leaned back, resting his head against the car door. My brain cartwheeled in surprise. He wasn’t the fifty something businessman I had expected. He was much, much younger and simply gorgeous. The moment he turned his potent gaze on me, I swore the garage roof opened and allowed the sun to shine directly on him. With mahogany hair cut just above the collar, the locks curling in different directions to give him a wild appearance and the greenest eyes I’d ever seen and his mouth! It was hard to believe that all those nasty curse words had passed over those full luscious lips.
Oblivious to the effect he was having on me, he wiped his hand on a rag and reached out to shake mine. “Ms. Meyers, I’m Brent Hague. Nice to meet you.”
Nearly tongue tied, I reached to take his hand. “Uh…it’s Shannon.”
“All right.” He nodded. “Shannon.”
Heat radiated through my fingers and down my arm. My stomach clenched as if I’d just been punched. Damn! I’d never had such a strong reaction to meeting a man. Much to my disappointment, he pulled his hand away and pushed up to his feet. When he stood he seemed to tower above me.
“So, Marcy’s off having a baby?”
“Uh…what? Marcy?” When my brain finally decided to function again, I realized just how stupid I sounded. “Oh, Marcy. Yeah, her doctor said she has to stay off her feet, so I’m afraid you’re stuck with me as your account rep for at least the next few months.”
He smiled again and I had a genuine fear that I might just melt into a puddle right in front of him. “Well now, I don’t think it will be such a hardship to see your pretty face around here.”
Pretty face? The man had a smile that could light an ice cube on fire and if I hadn’t known better, I would have sworn he was flirting with me. That couldn’t be of course. I mean, while I’d decided to dress up, despite knowing I was coming to the track, it didn’t change the fact that girls like me didn’t have men flirt with them. 
Just as that thought took root, his look turned dark. “Excuse me for a second.”
He brushed past me, toward the open garage door. My gaze followed only to land on his sexy ass, clad in a pair of dark jeans, as he made his way around the car to the open bay door. 
Tony leaned over my shoulder and whispered. “I’ve never seen him smile like that at Marcy. He must like you.” 
I glanced up at him, gauging his comment by his facial expression. He was smiling at me, but I noted the same protective look in his eyes he used to get back in high school, usually when he was trying to keep me out of trouble. Shouts from outside brought my attention back to the open door. 
“Uh oh, Brent found Calen,” Tony groaned.
Calen Callaghan was the newest and hottest commodity on the racing scene, a talented young driver who was exhaustively arrogant and screamed sex from every pore. I’d researched him during my flight and learned that he seemed to enjoy riding along the edge of the rules. Wild and appearing to think he was above reproach, he’d been warned by officials on more than one occasion to tone down his behavior, both on and off the track.
Currently, Brent and Calen stood outside the door, shouting at each other.
“God damn it, Calen, I told you about taking it down too low in turn two,” Brent yelled.
“I was getting a feel for the track. You told me to work it around the track and find the sweet spot,” Calen shouted. His jet, black hair flipped down into his eyes as he argued with Brent. Still bickering, they turned and headed inside the garage.
“I also told you to watch out for that dip in the bottom of turn two, which you obviously chose to ignore,” Brent hissed as he walked past me. 
Calen opened his mouth to reply then shut it and smiled at me. “Well hello there, lovely. What’s a beautiful thing like you doing inside a place like this?” He took my hand and lifted it to his lips.
Before I could say anything, Brent turned and snatched my hand out of Calen’s grasp. “Hands off. She’s here to get to find you another sponsor, since you can’t seem to live up to the wholesome image Family Foods wanted. So if you want your job, keep your hands off and your dick in your pants.”
Calen scoffed. “Family Foods knew my reputation before they signed on for sponsorship. So I don’t see how my actions should factor into any of this.”
“You’ve been told over and over that you represent your sponsors both on and off the track." The vein in Brent’s neck pulsed and I had a strange feeling of impending doom. "Getting into the pants of every pit lizard that looks your way only serves to solidify your reputation as a playboy, and playboys don’t shop at Family Food’s stores.”
Calen shrugged. “Their loss, but I still don’t see why I can’t get to know Ms. Meyer’s a little better. After all, if she’s here to find me a new sponsor, wouldn’t it be wise for her to know what kind of man I really am?”
A low growl registered in my ears as Brent stepped between me and Calen. “I’ll not have you treating her like those little trailer sluts you entertain. You want a piece of ass, find it elsewhere.”
“Spoilsport.” Calen pouted for a second, then grinned at me one last time before walking away.
Brent ran a shaky hand through his hair as he turned to face me. He blew out a ragged breath. “I swear if he wasn’t such a damn good driver I’d fire his ass in a heartbeat.” He shook his head. “The kid thinks with his dick twenty-four seven.”
In an attempt to diffuse some of his frustration I tried to lighten the mood. “He’s young and good looking and I imagine that he’s got girls dropping at his feet. Of course he’s going to think with his…well not with the head on his shoulders anyway.”
Brent’s gaze narrowed on me, and a scowl claimed his features. “So you think he’s good looking, too?”
So much for diffusing that ticking time bomb. Note to self...you suck as a comedian. So don’t go there. 
For reason’s I couldn’t quite explain, the idea of Brent being angry with me caused an odd feeling of discomfort in the pit of my stomach. Yes, I feared screwing up the account, but at the moment it wasn’t dollar signs I worried about. 
I gave a slow nod. “Yeah, he is, but he’s not nearly as handsome as his boss. Now if it’s not too much trouble, can I have my hand back?”
He glanced down and his face flushed as he released my hand. “Sorry.”
Hoping to finally lighten the mood, I smiled. “It wasn’t that I minded, but I figured that you’d want to use both hands when you strangle Calen.”
It took a moment for my statement to sink in, then Brent arched a brow and slowly cracked a grin. “I think you and I are going to get along just fine.” 
I rocked back on my heels and shoved my thumbs in the front pocket of my jeans. I certainly hoped so.
* * *
I knew little about the agent/rep side of our ad business. That was Marcy’s department. I wrote marketing campaigns for magazines, television and newspapers. Since I didn’t really have a clue of what I was doing at the track, I spent the morning walking around the garage, making notes of the various sponsored cars. It seemed to me that I needed to get a feel for what was allowed and what wasn’t. Later I would call Marcy and get yet another crash course on what to do. 
While I worked to familiarize myself with the business side of motorsports, Brent and his crew continued to work on their primary and then their back up cars. Eventually I wandered back to the garage area and, trying to stay out of their way, leaned against a wall to watch. As much as I didn’t want to admit it, the process was beginning to fascinate me. 
The crew members would work under the hood, changing out parts. They’d start the car, let it run and hook up scanners to it. Then, based on the readings they received, they would go back to making changes and tweaking things. While I had no idea what the readings meant, they obviously did and weren’t quite happy with what they saw.
By noon my stomach was starting to growl and I began to wonder if anyone around the garage ever stopped to eat. As if on cue, Brent popped up from beneath the hood and placed a hand against this stomach. He glanced at his watch then at me. “You hungry?”
“A little,” I replied. Actually, I was starving. The continental breakfast the hotel served wasn’t exactly a stick-to-your-ribs kind of meal.
He shot me one of his killer smiles, and my knees threatened to turn to jelly. “Tony, take over here,” he ordered without looking away from me. “Shannon and I are going to grab some lunch.”
He pressed a hand to my lower back, guiding me through the door. Warmth penetrated my shirt where his hand rested and a tingle started low in my belly. For reasons I couldn’t quite explain, I had a feeling that lunch with Brent Hague was about to be a very interesting experience.
We stepped into the daylight and I slid my sunglasses down in place. “So where are we going for lunch?”
Brent nodded toward a building on the far side of the track. “I’d love to take you someplace nice. Unfortunately, there really isn’t time. So we’ll have to settle for the track café.”
I couldn’t help but grin at his statement. “I’m sure the cafe will be fine.”
Brent pursed his lips at my statement. “And I’m sure you probably eat in a lot nicer places back in New York.”
I nodded. “Sometimes, but there are days when all I want is a slice from the corner pizzeria.”
He smiled. “Good to know.”

Chapter 3

Ten minutes later, I sat in a booth at the infield café, blotting the grease off my hamburger while I waited for Brent to return from taking a phone call. 
“Shannon?”
Not expecting to hear my name, I lifted my head and began to scan the room. It didn’t take long to locate the source of the voice. I groaned at the sight of my ex-husband sauntering toward me with a giant smile plastered across his face. Why hadn’t I even considered the idea of him being here? He did work for a race team, so the possibility existed. Since he’d already spotted me, any chance of my making a clean escape was already gone. With Brent taking an important call, that left me without even a buffer to help deflect Wayne. Knowing there would be no way around the meeting I forced myself not to frown and waited.
Wayne’s grin widened as he reached me. “I thought that was you.” He leaned over to kiss me on the cheek only to have me block his move with my hand. He straightened his five foot nine inch frame and frowned. “What’s the deal, Shannon? I just wanted to give you a little kiss.”
How quickly he seemed to forget how our relationship ended. “Sorry, but you lost that right the moment you put your lips on another woman.”
His frown deepened and he actually had the gall to look hurt by my statement. “Aw come on, honey. I’m just trying to be friendly.”
“I’m not your honey and I’ve seen your version of friendly. Sorry, I’m not interested,” I replied, lifting the bottle of water for a drink.
“I can’t believe you’re still mad at me.” He waved his hands in the air and I got a smattering of satisfaction at the irritation I detected in his tone. Served him right for how he treated me. “Are you really going to hold a grudge over something that happened nearly three years ago?”
Was he kidding? “Yep,” I replied, hoping my standoffishness would send Wayne away. 
He shifted his weight to one hip and folded his arms. “You know, I never pegged you for being the kind of woman to hold a grudge.”
I was tiring of this conversation quickly and wished Brent would return. Maybe his presence would be enough to send Wayne scurrying away like the rat he really was. 
“Well I never pegged you for being a lying, cheating bastard either, so I guess we’ve both learned something about each other.” The tone in my voice reflected my frustration of being forced into a conversation I really didn’t want to have. 
Just as I spotted Brent walking toward the table, Wayne opened his mouth again. “So what are you doing here? You hate auto racing.”
Oh God! Why in the hell had he said that? Especially with as much conviction as he did. Panic set in as Brent’s steps slowed. Had he heard Wayne? Would he be angry with me? Come on brain…think. I glanced at Brent as he approached Wayne from behind. Needing to diffuse Wayne’s statement and fast, I started to answer, only to have Brent swoop in and plant a large lingering kiss on me. Shock registered first, but his soft, warm lips were too enticing to resist. My lips parted, allowing his tongue access. He took the invitation, deepening the kiss. Currents of electricity lit up every cell in my body until I swore I’d simply combust right on the spot. I couldn’t remember ever being kissed like that.
He pulled away and smiled, quickly arching a brow at me. “Sorry, sweetheart. I didn’t mean to take so long.” 
It only took a moment for awareness to register and I eagerly played along. “That’s okay,” I replied. “I know how busy you are. I was just worried about your food getting cold.” 
Brent’s grin widened before he turned to face Wayne. As he did, he slipped his hand into mine and squeezed. 
I did my best to hide my own smile and look serious before introducing them. “Brent, this is Wayne Dawson. Wayne, this is Brent Hague.”
“Yes. I know who you are, Mr. Hague.” Wayne shook Brent’s other hand. “Um…I really have to get back to the garage.” He glanced down at me, confusion a hint of irritation in his gaze. “Maybe we’ll finish catching up a little later. It looks like we have a lot to talk about.”
“Actually, we don’t, but I’ll be around,” I replied, nonchalantly waving my hand in the air. 
“Nice meeting you, Mr. Hague.” Wayne nodded at Brent before turning to leave.
Once I was sure he was out of hearing, I let loose the laugh I’d been holding. “That was absolute genius. How did you know?”
Brent slid into the empty seat across from me. “I was watching the two of you when I walked up. I could tell by your body language that you really didn’t want to be bothered by him.” He raised a dark brow at me. “Who is he anyway?”
I frowned and ducked my head as I muttered. “My ex-husband.” I hated saying the word ex. Not because I harbored any residual romantic feelings for Wayne, but because it represented yet another failure in my life. 
“Oh.” Brent’s face twisted with a grin. 
How could he laugh? I lifted my head to meet his stare. “It’s not funny.”
“Yeah it is. How in the hell did a beautiful woman like you get tangled up with a schmuck like him?”
Unnerved by his backhanded compliment, I lowered my gaze to the sandwich on my plate and resumed the methodical blotting of the grease on my burger. “It’s a long, very ugly story that ended with me walking in on him and another woman in my bed.”
“Wow,” he leaned forward and reached for my free hand. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make light of something that obviously caused you pain.”
Pushing away the all too familiar sting of hurtful memories, I shrugged. “Thank you. I guess I really should have expected something like that to happen.”
“Why is that?”
I glanced at Brent. “Isn’t it obvious?”
His brow knit in response, but he otherwise remained silent. 
I sighed at his lack of response. Why was he forcing me to say out loud what we both already knew? “Okay, in case you haven’t noticed, I’m a big girl.” I emphasized the words by pulling free from his touch and angling my hands toward my body. 
“So?” He shook his head as he shrugged.
“So, big girls generally don’t find happily ever afters.” I shot back.
“Then they’re not looking in the right places,” he replied.
Feeling the weight of the conversation, I sighed. “Brent.”
He shook his head. “Don’t do that, Shannon. Don’t malign yourself because of some stupid fashion magazine mindset that only thin women deserve to be desired or happy.” 
My eyes burned and I fought like a warrior to not cry in front of him. I’d already told him so much more than I should have, considering he was my client. The last thing I needed right now was to break down and cry in front of him. Way to complete your humiliation, Shannon.
“I’d really like to not talk about this anymore,” I replied as I turned my attention back to my hamburger.
He eyed my burger. “Okay. We’ll let the subject drop...for now.” 
His addition of those two little words sent chills up my spine. No way would I allow the conversation to steer that direction again. 
“So tell me,” he began again. “Do you always remove the flavor from your food before you eat it?”
Amused, I glanced up at him a second time. “I would have rather had a salad, but they don’t serve them here. If I’m going to eat a burger then I need to get some of the grease off of it first.”
He leaned against the back of the booth and stretched his arms over the worn vinyl. “Tell me you’re not on one of those stupid diets that only allow you to eat lettuce.”
“It’s not a diet. It’s a way of life. If I have any hope of staying healthy I need to eat right.”
“Yes, but eating right doesn’t always mean depriving yourself of taste or enjoyment.”
“I don’t deprive myself.” I placed the burger back on the bun. “Of anything.” I added just for good measure. 
He pursed his lips. “You’re a real ball buster aren’t you?”
I couldn’t resist a smile. “Yeah, I get a thrill out of giving my clients a hard time.”
“Well after that kiss, I think I’m probably not your average client, now am I?”
I had the burger halfway to my mouth when his words registered. Once again it appeared that I was treading into dangerous territory. While there might be a strong sexual attraction between us, I wasn’t naive enough to think he wanted more than a quick jaunt between the sheets. As tempting as that thought might be, it didn’t change the fact that he was still my client. That meant keeping a certain amount of professionalism in our developing relationship. 
Carefully, I returned the sandwich to the paper plate. “Look, I really appreciate you helping me out with my ex, and while I have to admit it was an amazing kiss, I’m not really looking for a relationship right now.”
“Why…because of Bozo the Clown?” He angled a thumb toward the door Wayne exited earlier. 
“You may not like him, but you have to remember I was married to him. It was difficult enough when he came home and told me he was leaving to pursue his dream with auto racing, but when I found him in bed with another woman...” I let the sentence die as the words choked in my throat. I cursed myself for allowing him to steer the conversation right back to where we were just minutes earlier. 
Brent slid his hand across the table and it came to rest on top of mine. “Not all men are like your ex, Shannon.” 
“Even if that’s true, I’m not sure I’m ready to try again.” It was the God’s honest truth. Even with three years between me and that awful day, I still hadn’t quite come to terms with what he’d done. The day he left I erected an invisible wall around my heart and had done a good job of protecting it...until now. “Besides, we just met and you’re already talking relationships.”
For several seconds an uncomfortable silence fell between us and I wondered if he was going to push the subject.
“Fair enough,” he finally said as he let go of my hand. “But you are stuck with me for the rest of the weekend, because King Dork now thinks we’re a couple, so you had better find a way to look happy.”

Chapter 4
The rest of our lunch conversation we’d kept to light conversation, consisting of topics like favorite music, movies and why I’d gone into advertising as a career. Thankful for the change of subjects, I still couldn’t quite shake the feeling that he was somehow working me for more information. Worse yet, I’d seemed to just open up to him like a broken faucet, pouring out all the personal details about myself that I wouldn’t normally share.
 “Marcy said you would be willing to teach me about stock car racing,” I tossed my empty water bottle into a receptacle as we exited the café. 
“What do you want to know?” Brent asked.
With what I hoped was finally a solid change of subject in front of me, I breathed a sigh of relief. “Well…Everything I guess. I’m embarrassed to say that I’m extremely illiterate when it comes to motorsports. I’m not sure I would know a lug nut from a lug wrench.”
Brent frowned. “How can that be when you were married to Bozo the Clown? Didn’t he, at the very least, school you on automotive basics?”
Heat filled my face as I averted my gaze. So maybe I could have done a better job listening to Wayne when he’d tried to teach me about motorsports. In my defense, it was all the man ever talked about and quite frankly I was more than a bit resentful. “I wasn’t exactly a star pupil. Actually, most times I didn’t bother showing up for class, if you get my drift?”  
He made a face, as if he was considering my statement, then motioned toward the far area of the track. “Okay, then how about we take a walk? This time you need to pay attention or you’ll be visiting the principal for disciplinary action. Got it?”
While his tone was playful, it held an underlying seriousness that had me looking up at him. For a split second I wondered just what kind of discipline he had in mind. My insides tightened with the thought of his big hands doling out punishing spanks for my insubordination. 
Geez, Shannon…get a grip will ya? 
“Um,” I cleared my throat. “Got it.” 
Brent reached for my hand as we began to walk. Upon contact, I pulled away. “What are you doing?”
“In case you’ve forgotten already. Your ex thinks we’re a couple and the last time I checked, couples hold hands.”
For the second time in nearly as many minutes, heat raced through my body and settled into my face as I twined my fingers with his. “I’m sorry.”
Currents of electricity infused my fingers, raced up my arm, down through my core, centering in my poor neglected lady bits. I bit back the need to gasp at the contact and immediately chastised myself for reacting so strongly to his touch. If something as simple as holding hands could invoke this kind of feeling, how in the hell was I going to survive an entire weekend with him? 
In an attempt to divert my attention from the feeling stirring inside me and the resulting dampness between my legs, I scanned my surroundings. “What’s that building over there?”
“That’s the fueling station. My fuel man takes the rack of gas cans over to that building, where a racing official watches while the tanks are filled.”
“Is it required to have an official watching?”
Brent nodded. “They want to make sure no one cheats. That doesn’t mean people don’t still try.”
I slid him a sideways look. “Speaking from experience are you?”
His gaze penetrated me as he looked me directly in the eyes. “I don’t cheat.”
I blinked first, as the implications of his statement sank in. Boy, if there wasn’t a double meaning in his words I’d eat my sunglasses.
Why was he trying so hard to unnerve me? Hoping to level the playing field just a little I tucked a stray piece of hair behind my ear and tried to once again steer the subject away from relationships. “You know, Tony said you could be a real jerk.”
Brent let out a chuckle that made my skin prickle in awareness. His laugh was rich and full, like warm caramel over ice cream. “He knows me well and he was right for warning you.”
“Oh, I don’t know. You seem like a nice enough guy to me.”
He squeezed my fingers. “Why, because I’m helping you out with your ex?”
“Yes.”
He stopped mid-step. “Did it ever occur to you that I might have an ulterior motive?”
I glanced up at him, expecting to see a playful smile stretched across his face. Instead I found green eyes growing dark under the mid-day sun. He slid his hand free from mine and slipped it behind my neck. My heart jumped at the realization that he intended to kiss me again. I should have stopped him. I should have made some effort to prevent him from continuing. Instead, I held my breath and closed my eyes. 
He gently swept his mouth along my jaw, kissing a tender path to my lips. My heart pounded in my ears as I fought against the need to reciprocate. When his mouth reached mine and he nipped lightly at my lips, I laced my fingers through his hair and melted against him. It had been too long since I’d been seriously kissed by a man, too long since anyone had made me feel the way he did. Raw need pulsed through my body, swept through my mind and forced me to abandon all reason.
Slowly, Brent eased his grip on my neck and slid his hand along my back until he cupped my bottom. He pulled me to him, forcing me against the bulge in his jeans. I let out a moan as my imagination went wild. Just what would it feel like to have his warm thick shaft filling me? That last thought sent my brain scrambling for control and I pushed against his chest, breaking the kiss.
“Brent, we can’t,” I said, shaking my head. My lips tingled and I used every ounce of willpower I had not to step back into his embrace.
“Why, Shannon? It’s obvious that we like each other, so what’s the problem?”
I closed my eyes and rubbed my forehead with the palm of my hand as I summoned the fortitude to look him in the face again. “The problem is, you’re my client and I’m supposed to be working to find you a sponsor. Not to mention I just met you less than six hours ago. It’s way too early for me to be thinking about jumping into bed with you.”
My statement pulled a smile from him and he brushed his knuckles along my cheek. “So you want to go to bed with me, huh?”
More than he’d ever know. I swallowed hard. “That’s beside the point. You have to understand something. I’ve never been the type of girl to bed hop. I was with Wayne for four years and before him, I was in a relationship for two years. I’m not sure I’m capable of separating love and sex, and I’m not prepared to get hurt again.”
I searched his face for some kind of reaction to my statement. For several seconds his look remained somber…nearly unreadable.
“Fine,” he finally said. “You’ve been hurt and you’re scared. I understand. I’ll back off because I don’t want to make you feel any more uncomfortable than you already do. But…” he paused, lacing his fingers in mine. “I want you to understand that I don’t go around trying to seduce women. I don’t know what it is about you, Shannon, but I’m extremely attracted to you. If I have my way, you’ll be in my bed before the weekend is over.”
He had no idea just how close he’d already come. I nodded. “Thank you for being honest,” I replied. “Now I believe you still owe me a tour.”


Chapter 5

When we returned to the garage area, Brent held an impromptu meeting, filling his team in on the situation with me and my ex. They agreed to play along, setting the stage for the rest of the weekend. While Tony agreed, I could tell by the look on his face he wasn’t happy. As the team disbursed, returning to their various tasks, he leaned over my shoulder. “You know, I would have been happy to help you make your ex jealous.” 
The hurt in his voice had me turning to him. “I’m sorry, Tony. I hadn’t even considered my ex might be floating around. Then before I could defuse the situation, Brent was there, helping me get rid of Wayne. Please believe me when I say this wasn’t how I wanted to spend my weekend.”
“Understood.” Tony nodded. “All I ask is for you to be careful with Brent. He’s a good man and a great boss, but he also isn’t one to take no for an answer when he wants something.”
His concern warmed me and I gave him a smile. I’d forgotten how much I liked Tony. Having him around throughout the weekend would certainly make things a bit easier to handle. “Thank you for your concern. I’ll be careful.”
A hand came to rest on my shoulder and I turned my head to find Brent looking down at me. “I think it might be best if we outfit you with some team gear, so you look like you belong.”
Fan gear was usually quite expensive and I wasn’t all that sure I wanted to look like I belonged anyway. “I don’t know if that’s actually necessary.”
“I do.” The stern look he gave me brokered no room for argument and had me taking his hand without further protest. While I was normally a bulldog when it came to my job, I seemed to have turned into a timid puppy when it came to dealing with Brent. That fact would have to change before the end of the weekend. Especially if I had any hope of doing what was right with regard to finding his team a new sponsor.
We made our way through the access tunnel and headed outside the superspeedway to the back parking lot. Merchandising haulers were already setting up for business, preparing for the onslaught of people who would arrive over the next couple of days to see the race. 
Brent stepped inside his team’s hauler and nodded to a female employee. “Rachel. This is Shannon. I’d like you to set her up with some team clothing, tee shirts, hats, the whole bit, bill me for it.”
Remembering Tony’s warning about Brent always going after what he wants, I once again tried to protest. “Brent, I can’t let you do this.” For reasons that made no sense, I suddenly harbored this secret fear that if I allowed him to indoctrinate me into his world I might never return to my own life. 
My panic felt overly dramatic, even to me, but I couldn’t quite shake the nagging feeling that this was just another step down the path of no return. 
He once again leveled that look on me that allowed no room for argument. “Yes, you can. I’ll wait outside while Rachel helps you change.”
I watched him walk from the trailer and close the door, then I turned back to Rachel. “I guess I can,” I muttered as I let my hands fall to my sides.
Rachel’s smile turned sympathetic. “Don’t feel bad, very few people have argued with Mr. Hague and won. Now let’s see what we can do here.”
Twenty minutes later I emerged from the trailer dressed in a white tank top that barely managed to hide my flaws. The words Hague Motor Sports scribbled across the chest in red letters was drawing attention to my breasts. I’d managed to talk the girl out of the matching sweatpants and kept my own dark colored jeans and sandals. My long dark hair was now pulled into a ponytail and stuffed through the back side of a matching baseball cap. “Well?” I asked, pausing on the bottom step.
His gaze slowly traveled over me, and for a moment, I felt like a bug under a microscope. Then his lips tipped up into a smile. “Beautiful, but something is missing.”
At a loss for what that might be, I glanced down at the outfit. “What?”
“This.” He reached up, unhooked the necklace he was wearing and placed it around my neck. “If we’re dating, then you should have something personal of mine.”
The height of the step made me eye level with him. His hands brushed along the nape of my neck and it was everything I could do not to lean into him for another kiss.
He grinned. “You can give it to me on Sunday after we break up.” 
I stared blankly at him and managed a small nod in response. What in the hell was I supposed to do if I didn’t want to break up?
* * *
As evening came and the activity in the garage began to slow, I decided it was time for me to make my exit and return to the hotel. Of course I couldn’t excuse myself without Brent walking me to my car. “You should stay here at the track with me.”
The man certainly didn’t give up easily. I rolled my eyes and gave him a tiny grin. “There you go again trying to get me into your bed.”
That wry smile of his returned. “I can’t think of a better way for us to get to know each other.”
“I can.” I reached for my rental car’s door handle only to have his hand come down over mine. Electricity sizzled up my arm, eliciting a shiver in response. Slowly, I lifted my gaze to find him staring down at me, an intense look across his face. “Please,” he murmured as his other hand slid through my hair and cupped my neck, holding me in place. 
“Why?” I blinked. 
His lips turned down into a frown. “I thought we established why.”
“I mean why me, Brent? Why are you interested in me when I’m sure there are dozens of gorgeous long legged blondes more than willing to fulfill your every desire?”
“I don’t want some long legged blonde.”
“Why not? You’re a young, handsome, successful business man. You deserve to have a beautiful woman by your side.”
“You’re right.” He nodded. “I do. So why are you being so stubborn about this, Shannon?”
“In case you haven’t noticed, I’m not skinny or blonde.”
“Oh I noticed.” He leaned forward, closing the distance between us. My eyes drifted shut as I realized his intent. His lips brushed over mine. Just a whisper of a kiss. 
“You might not see it, baby.” His mouth trailed along my jaw. “But you are so damn beautiful.” He paused to nibble at the spot just below my ear and my knees went weak. “I want a woman that I know I won’t break during rough sex.” He bit my earlobe and a gasp tumbled from me as the sensation shot straight to my core. Dear God, I couldn’t help but wonder what rough sex with Brent would feel like. “I want to feel her soft round curves when I’m holding her in my arms.” He sucked on the spot he’d just bit. “I want you, Shannon.”
His words bashed into my invisible walls, like a damn wrecking ball. Never, in all my life, had a man ever wanted me because of my curves. Most hadn’t really wanted me at all, but those who had feigned interested did so despite my ampleness, not because of it. I swallowed audibly and summoned every bit of strength I had as I slowly pulled away and placed a hand squarely on his chest. Beneath my palm his heart pounded, his pulse mixing with mine. 
“It’s still too soon and it’s really not appropriate.” No matter how sincere he was or how much his confession meant to me, I couldn’t afford to get lost in my emotions. Somehow I found the courage to look up and meet his stare. “You’re overwhelming and I need time to think.”
For a moment he looked crestfallen, then with a somber nod he released me and stepped back. Immediately I felt his absence and fought to not step back into his embrace. I had to think logically and I couldn’t do that with him around. 
“I’ll see you in the morning?” he asked.
I managed a nod as I opened the car door. “We’ll talk more then, okay?”
“Okay. Goodnight, Shannon.” The hurt look in his eyes stabbed me directly in the heart. He was doing a good job of trying to guilt me into staying, but for my own sanity, I needed to stand my ground. “You can stop that wounded puppy look, because it’s not going to work on me. You might be used to moving at racing speeds, but I’m not.”
Slowly the injured look on his face dissipated. He reached down and opened my car door. “Drive carefully, okay?”
Taking a victory any way I could, I nodded. “I will. Goodnight, Brent.”

Chapter 6

By the time I reached the hotel I was fighting back tears as my heart and head warred over my new situation. Once I reached my room, I plopped down on the bed and stared at the ceiling through glassy eyes. This morning my only goal for this trip was to learn enough about this sport to find my client a new sponsor for his race team. Now I couldn’t think past the renewed need flowing through my body. How in the hell had so much changed in twelve hours? 
Mentally exhausted, I stripped out of my sandals and jeans and crawled beneath the covers. Trying to think about anything tonight would definitely be counterintuitive. I rolled over and closed my eyes, only to see Brent’s face. His vivid green eyes stared down at me with desire. 
I want a woman that I know I won’t break during rough sex.
His words rattled around inside my brain, stirring my libido yet again. I groaned at the realization that no way was I going to just drift off to sleep. My mind was running a million miles an hour with no pit stop in sight. 
If I’d been home, I would have made myself a glass of wine or dosed myself with Benadryl so I could sleep. Since my hotel room lacked anything close to a sleep remedy, I’d have to come up with something else. 
Thinking maybe a hot shower would help, I tossed off the covers and headed for the bathroom. Steam slowly filled the room as I let the shower run. I stripped out of the rest of my clothes and stepped into the tub. Then I turned my back to the water and moved into the spray. Heat infused my skin, raising goose bumps along my flesh as the water cascaded over me. 
The tension I’d carried in my shoulders all day began to release and I sighed. I closed my eyes and once again Brent’s face appeared, reminding me that even a shower wasn’t going to make my little conundrum go away. If I had any hope of doing my job this weekend, I needed to face my new problem.
Easier said than done, since no matter how much my head wanted me to be careful, my poor, neglected heart wanted me to grab onto Brent with both hands and not let go. 
You might not see it, baby, but you are so damn beautiful. 
Wayne had rarely called me beautiful, except when I asked for his thoughts on a particular outfit or something. He barely acted as if he wanted me, and, when we did have sex, it was always lights off. I’d figured he was imagining fucking some skinny twig of a girl whenever he was with me, but, when I walked in on him and the other woman, confirming my suspicions, it still hurt. 
The memory of Brent’s compliment flowed through me like hot chocolate on a cold winter’s day, warming my insides as the water warmed my flesh. Even as I took solace in his praise, I struggled to see myself through Brent’s eyes.
I grabbed the soap from the little dish and began lathering myself. As my hands trailed over my skin, I pictured them being Brent’s hands instead. My fingers danced around my collar bone, then moved further down to the swell of my breasts. Being a large girl meant I had full breasts that were completely real. I traced along the slope, then slowly circled my areola before running my finger over my nipple. Despite the hot water, it pebbled beneath my touch and I moved a finger across it a second time, then a third. 
That’s it baby, pleasure yourself. 
I could hear Brent’s voice whisper. I indulged my imagination by tweaking my nipple between my thumb and forefinger. The pinch just hard enough to create a delicious bite of pain that made a beeline for my pussy. My imagination ran wild and I lifted my other hand and repeated the process on my other nipple. 
I want a woman that I know I won’t break during rough sex.
The implications of his statement hung in my mind, demanding to be explored.
Single, needing to believe love still existed and trying to rediscover my sexuality after three years of an unsatisfying marriage, I had devoured a lot of romance novels after the divorce. One kind in particular intrigued me and fed my hunger more than the others. Strong, dominant men totally devoted to their submissives. Silk scarves, floggers, toys, clamps…
A strange yearning formed in my stomach as a picture of Brent placing clamps on my nipples formed. I pinched them again, mimicking what I thought would be the feeling the clamps would conjure. Oh how I wanted to find out for real.
I allowed my hands to travel further down my body, tracing the outline of my curves until I found myself frowning. How could he think my protruding belly or large hips were sexy?
In my mind he slapped my ass and growled. 
What did I tell you about maligning yourself?
The funny thing was, I could totally imagine him saying that for real. Ignoring my need to find all my flaws, I slid my hand down even further, my fingers brushing over my mound. 
Would Brent be the kind of man to take his time and engage in foreplay or would he simply take what he wanted? Somehow I suspected he was the former. 
The tip of my finger parted my pussy lips and the image of Brent grew stronger in my mind. As I parted my nether lips I gasped with shock at the amount of wetness I found. My lady bits dripped with desire, just waiting to be filled. Without thinking, I slid two fingers into my slick passage and began to pump, mimicking what I wanted Brent to do to me. 
It took mere minutes for me to ride the sweet edge of release. Deliberately holding back, I toyed with my control, just as the Doms in the stories I’d read did to their subs. Just as I hoped Brent might do to me.
Finally, when I couldn’t take anymore, I lowered my other hand and raked a finger across my clit. The extra stimulation sent me right over the edge and I whined as my channel pulsed around my fingers. For several long seconds I worked my nub, milking every last twinge of pleasure. 
Temporarily satisfied, the haze of lust lifted from my brain, leaving me to face the ugly truth. Not only had I just masturbated in the shower while thinking about a man I’d known for less than a full day…chances were damn good he’d get his way and I’d be in his bed before the weekend was over. 
* * *
After a fitful night’s sleep, I dragged my tired body from the bed and tried to put myself together. I donned my clothes like armor, hoping they would somehow insulate me from Brent’s smoldering heat. Once I did all I could to hide the bags under my eyes, I headed downstairs to take advantage of the hotel’s continental breakfast.
As I ate, I ran through the list of Brent’s associate sponsors, looking for one who I hoped would be willing to become a primary. If none would go for the big sponsorship, I’d have to look elsewhere.
With Calen being a bit of a sexy rogue, with a reputation for partying and womanizing, finding a company willing to be associated with him wouldn’t be easy. From what I understood, Brent’s sponsor issues could completely go away if he’d just replace Calen with another driver. Two major problems arose with that solution. The first being that Calen was currently the hottest driver in motorsports and on a major winning streak. The second being that Brent wasn’t a man who was willing to be told what to do. 
Due to both those issues, here I was eating a stale bagel and drinking what could barely pass as coffee, while I worked on solutions for both my client and myself. Maybe I could find a casino or alcohol company to sponsor Brent. Maybe one of those dot com dating sites might be interested in ponying up some money. 
Despite my attempt to focus on work, my thoughts slowly drifted back to last night, my episode in the shower and my new feelings for Brent. Romance and love weren’t even on my radar when I arrived Thursday night, yet here I was, Saturday morning with new and exciting feelings coursing through me and not a clue of what I was going to do about them. When we started our business, Marcy, Kayla and I hadn’t specifically created any policy against dating clients. Being young and upstarts we hadn’t needed to, since all we wanted at the time was to be successful. Now I’d wished we had, so I could use it as an excuse for not getting involved with the man who’d dominated my dreams last night. 
With the dining area slowly filling with people, I gathered my things, tossed my empty plate and cup, and headed for my room. Though I wasn’t really ready to face Brent again, I needed to get moving before traffic heading to the speedway created gridlock on the streets.

Chapter 7

During my hour plus drive, my mind continued to analyze not Brent’s sponsor issue, but my budding relationship, if I could even call it a relationship yet. No matter what angle my head approached the problem, it always seemed to come back to the same solution. Which left me nervous and wary. Yes, I liked Brent. The man had an ability to stir feelings inside me I hadn’t felt in years. And yes, he’d made it perfectly clear that he wanted me, but what happened if I gave in? What if once he got me into bed, he walked away? After what Wayne did to me, could my fragile ego handle yet another blow? I wasn’t so sure and that uncertainty scared the hell out of me. 
By the time I finally arrived at the speedway, I was no closer to a real answer to my problem, or Brent’s. I showed my track pass and the parking attendant directed me toward the back side of the track. I pulled into an empty spot next to a local news van, turned off the engine and stepped out. What a difference a day could make. Unlike yesterday, where the place was nearly empty, today it teemed with fans donned in their favorite team gear. There was palpable excitement in the air that seemed to spread from person to person like some runaway disease. I even found my heart beating a little faster as I made the walk to the entrance. Whether it was from the outside influences or internal issues, I couldn’t tell. 
After showing my pass, I worked my way through the crowds of people and headed for Brent’s team hauler. With each step I took, my heart beat just a little faster. My mind churned with possibilities as I approached. How would Brent react to seeing me today? Would he regret what he said yesterday? What he did? 
Tony stood just inside the open hauler bay door. “Hey,” I called as I stepped inside. 
He turned and his eyes widened. “Morning.” Immediately, he looked around as if he was checking to see if anyone else was near. Then he grabbed me by the arm and pulled me further into the trailer. 
“Tony,” I protested as I pulled away. “What the hell?”
“What is going on between you and Brent?” he questioned.
“What?” Confused I stared blankly at him for a moment while my brain raced to catch up. 
“You and Brent,” he repeated. “Is there something more to your relationship than just this ruse for your ex-husband?”
I opened my mouth to respond, but words failed me. What was I going to say when I wasn’t even sure myself? “I-I,” I stammered as I tried to formulate some sort of answer.
Tony’s gaze narrowed and a frown formed on his lips. “Shannon.”
I held my hand out, cutting him off. “Don’t, okay.” Frustrated, I raked a hand through my hair. “You want the God’s honest truth?”
He folded his arms and nodded. “Yes.”
“I don’t know,” I shrugged. “I don’t know what if anything is happening between us. Yes, we have this whole facade going for Wayne’s benefit, but Brent’s also expressed a real interest in me.”
Tony groaned and looked skyward. “Shannon.”
“What?” I put my hands on my hips as my confusion grew. Why did he have an issue with me and Brent being together? Besides the fact that Tony hadn’t seen me in years, I was all grown up now and certainly didn’t need him trying to protect me.
“There is something you should know about Brent.”
The concern in his tone set me on edge. Was Brent married or already involved with someone? And why in the hell was this the first time I’d even considered there might be someone else? “What about Brent?”
“He has a very strong personality.”
That’s it? Unimpressed by Tony’s statement I leveled my gaze and arched a brow. “And?” 
“And,” he continued. “Well…” He actually looked physically uncomfortable with what he was about to say. “He can be very...dominating.”
Still not quite understanding the importance of his statement I nodded. “I know that. I kinda figured that out yesterday.”
Tony let out a heavy sigh and lifted a hand to his forehead. “Yes, but that’s not what I mean when I say he’s dominating.”
“Then what-” The words died in my throat as dawning awareness skittered across my skin. Did he mean what I thought he meant? A giddy excitement flooded through me at the idea. “You mean he’s dominating in the bedroom?”
Tony nodded and a wave of desire nearly swamped me on the spot. Brent was a Dom and he was interested in me being his sub? “Okay,” I replied, while trying to keep my voice steady. “How do you know that?”
“He had a party at his house at the end of last year to celebrate the great season we had. During the course of the night I went off to find the bathroom and well.” Tony’s face slowly turned red. “I opened a door and found some interesting decorations on the stairwell wall leading to the basement.”
“What kind of decorations?”
“Medieval looking sconces, an old battle-axe and some strange looking masks. Curious, I slipped inside and took a quick peek to see what other cool items he might have. Instead I found a bed with chains attached, some weird looking rack thing and what I think was some sort of spanking bench.” He looked away. “There were whips hanging on the walls, Shannon. It was pretty obvious what he did there.”
Even as my imagination ran wild with possibilities, something about Tony’s demeanor didn’t set well with me. “If you have such an issue with his lifestyle, then why work for him?”
Tony shook his head. “What he does in his off time, behind closed doors, is his business not mine. Besides, he’s a good boss.”
“Then why the warning?” I asked, though I was pretty sure I already knew the answer.
He finally managed to look me in the face again. “You’re my friend. Hell, you were like my little sister when we were growing up. I wouldn’t have felt right if I hadn’t warned you.”
His concern gave me warm fuzzies inside and I smiled as I placed a hand over his. “I appreciate your concern and I promise I’ll be very careful. However, if something does happen between Brent and I, you need to know that it will be of my own free will. I promise that I won’t allow him to force me into anything I don’t want.”
He cocked his head to the side and narrowed his eyes. “You never stuck me as a girl who would like that kind of thing.”
I shrugged. “I don’t know that I do, but then I’ll never know unless I try it right?”
A slow grin spread across Tony’s face and he shook his head. “Just do me two favors, okay?”
“Anything,” I replied even as I began to smile. 
“Promise me that if you need help you’ll come to me.”
“Done!” I nodded.
“And don’t share any of the gory details.” He held up a hand. “I don’t want to ever think of you in that way.”

Chapter 8

Tony gave me access to the tiny office in the front of the hauler. I spent over an hour talking with Marcy, then most of the rest of the morning making phone calls and working a few contacts. The task hadn’t been an easy one to start and was only made more difficult by the new influx of information Tony provided. I’d spent as much time reconciling my reasons for wanting a relationship with Brent as I had talking myself out of one. 
In the romances I’d read, the Dom always seemed to worship his full-figured sub, giving her not only everything she wanted, but everything she needed. It was hard for me to admit, even to myself, that I wanted such a relationship in my life. After all, growing up, I was always conditioned to think sex outside of marriage and the missionary position was bad. It took me years to accept that it was all right for me to enjoy the pleasures of sex out of wedlock. To admit that the idea of being dominated and spanked turned me on wasn’t something that would come easy either. 
Besides the moral implications that came with that kind of relationship, it also meant not only giving up control, but placing an immense amount of trust in your partner. I barely knew Brent, so how I could I possibly trust him? I also fell back on my tried and true concern that I was being played for sex, and that once Brent got what he wanted, I’d be tossed out on my ass in favor of someone younger and prettier.
Lost in my thoughts I didn’t hear the door open and jumped the moment I felt a hand on my shoulder. “Easy, sweetheart,” Brent’s voice soothed, reminding me of hot caramel over ice cream. “It’s just me.”
Holding a hand over my racing heart, I stood to face him. “You scared me.”
The same wry grin I’d seen the day before returned as he sidled up to me. His hand shot out and snagged me by the hip, preventing me from stepping out of his embrace. Not that I could have went very far inside the closet sized office. His other hand snagged mine and he lifted it to his mouth. “I certainly didn’t mean to frighten you,” he pressed his lips against my racing pulse. “I apologize.”
“It’s okay,” I managed to whisper as I watched him begin to nibble his way up my arm. 
“I missed you, Shannon,” he confessed as he slowly mouthed my flesh. “Did you miss me?”
The question hung in the air, changing the mood from playful to passionate in a matter of just those few seconds. Suddenly unable to formulate a thought, let alone any words, I swallowed audibly and managed a slow nod.
He grinned, then continued on his journey as he moved up my arm toward my shoulder. “Good. Knowing that makes it much easier for me to admit that I also dreamed about you.” He inched closer and slid behind me. Using a finger, he tugged my hair aside as he continued to drug me with sensual kisses. “Disrupted my sleep to the point I had to relieve myself in order to get any rest.” He pressed his hips against my backside and I immediately felt his erection pushing against my bottom. “As you can feel, it did little good, since even thinking about you makes me hard.” 
Desire laced his words and seeped through my pores, slowly breaking my resolve. My eyes drifted closed, as his confession settled in my brain. I could totally picture him naked and hard, stroking himself to his thoughts of fucking me. My breath quickened, and much to my chagrin, I could feel a renewed wetness in my panties. 
His teeth grazed along the nape of my neck. “Did you also pleasure yourself last night, Shannon?”
I wanted to deny I had, but something deep inside me insisted on complete honesty. Maybe I was afraid he’d know I was lying. Or maybe I was afraid he’d believe me and stop and right at that moment I didn’t want him to stop. “Yes,” I managed to whisper and immediately felt the heat rise to my face.
“Were you dreaming about my cock filling you?” He slid a free hand beneath my tank top and fondled my breast as the other slipped between my legs to cup me though my jeans. “Instead of your fingers, were you wishing it was me fucking you?” 
A whimper escaped me as he held me captive. My body felt as if I were on fire and Brent was the only one who could put out the flames. “Answer me, Shannon.” His fingers pressed at the juncture of my thighs and it was everything I could do to bite back a moan. 
“Yes,” I hissed and pushed back against his erection. 
He growled against my ear. The feral sound sent chills down my spine and added to the lust already clouding my brain. At that moment, if he wanted to bend me over the tiny desk and take me right there, I wouldn’t have stopped him. Worse yet, I would have enjoyed every last second.
No sooner had I answered his question than a soft knock filled the air. Brent growled again, but didn’t move. “What?” he yelled over his shoulder.
“Just wanted to remind you about the owner’s meeting,” Tony’s muffled voice drifted through the door. “It starts in less than thirty minutes in the media building.”
“Fuck!” Brent mumbled under his breath. “Yeah, alright. Thanks, Tony.”
“No problem,” Tony replied and then apparently disappeared back to whatever he was doing before. 
Slowly Brent pulled back, extracting himself until he was no longer touching me. The places on my body where his hands had been now felt cold, and inside I struggled with a new sense of emptiness and regret. Damn if I hadn’t wanted him to take me like the dominant he was.
“Shannon, look at me.” 
My legs felt heavy as I turned in the tiny space to face him. The look of remorse on his face nearly did me in. Was he sorry he’d started this with me? 
He lifted a hand and curled a finger beneath my chin. “This isn’t over. You understand?” He paused and searched my face, as if he were looking for a sign that I understood. “I have to go to this meeting, but I think after the things we just said we need to have a serious talk, don’t you?”
I barely nodded. “I do.” 
Before I could say more, he leaned forward and took a kiss. “Just so we’re clear,” he whispered against my lips. “Had Tony not interrupted us, I would have had you bent over that desk panting and gasping as I filled you up until we both came.”
My body shuddered at his statement and I licked my lips. “Duly noted.”
His serious look slowly morphed into a grin. “Since that can’t happen, you should come with me to the meeting. It will give you a chance to learn some more about the sport and grab some lunch at the same time.”
My stomach growled at the mention of food and like a damn fool I nodded again. At that moment, a room full of other owners sounded like a safe place to be. 
* * *
After the luncheon meeting, we wandered the infield for a while. Brent explained to me what was taking place as the Nationwide teams prepared for their afternoon race. Brent’s team wasn’t scheduled to race until Sunday, so, as the race began, we made our way back to the media building where they’d held the owner’s luncheon. Brent grabbed us a couple of drinks and we settled in to watch the race and chat.
I did my best to steer the conversation to safe topics like family and work. Brent appeared to go along with my guidance, though I did wonder if it was just part of some grander plan he had for me. Though it was possible he was behaving because of so many people coming and going. 
The muffled roar of the engines reverberated through the building, creating a relaxing drone that to put me at ease. 
“So,” he began. “How do you know Tony?”
Wariness tinged his question and for a brief second I wondered if he considered Tony competition. “We grew up together. He’s my brother’s best friend.” I offered. When my reply earned me an arched brow from Brent and nothing more, I continued. “He took on that whole big brother persona with me, trying to protect me from trouble and bullies.”
“I have a hard time believing you had much of either.”
I shrugged. “I tended to be a bit of a shy geek back then and there were a couple of girls in high school that used to pick on me. Tony and my brother Shawn leaned on their boyfriends and brothers and eventually the bullying died down to a manageable level.” Wanting to change the conversation, I picked up my drink and took a sip before asking. “What about you? Do you have any brothers or sisters?”
My question worked like a charm and easily transitioned the conversation to his family. I learned his father had died when he was just seventeen and he had a younger sister whom he adored. Brent didn’t much like the man his mother married after his father’s death and he’d all but stopped talking to her because of him. 
Brent spoke about his love for racing with a passion that most men would have for their wives or girlfriends. Driven, demanding, and always in control. That’s how he described himself. 
That was also what had made him the success he was today. Well, that and an excellent eye for talent. I learned his reasons for not firing Calen had everything to do with the amount of money the young prodigy brought to the team. Brent was a wealthy man, who planned on expanding his racing empire with a second and then a third team over the next few years. 
As the afternoon wore on, we didn’t move from our seats, instead our conversation continued to smoothly transition from topic to topic. Everything from work related subjects to old relationships were fodder for discussion. At one point Brent’s look turned just a little somber as he talked about his previous relationship. 
“I don’t know that I was really in love with Tracy,” he admitted as he leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees. “When she decided to leave, it left me with a strange emptiness that I couldn’t quite shake. It wasn’t so much sadness or loneliness, but deeper and less identifiable. Actually, I think maybe it had always been there, but her leaving brought it to the surface.” 
“Why did she decide to end things?” I asked, hoping I wasn’t prying too much. 
He sighed heavily. “She said that our relationship had become too intense for her. That she couldn’t take the pressure anymore.”
I arched a brow. “Wow. She sounds more like an employee quitting a job than a girlfriend quitting a relationship.”
He nodded then looked up at me with sad eyes. “That’s probably because I treated her more like an employee than a girlfriend.”
A warning sounded in the back of my head as his words took root. “How so?” 
At least a full minute of silence passed between us and I began to worry that I’d overstepped my boundaries when he finally spoke. “There’s something about me you need to know, Shannon.”
The fine hairs on the back of my neck stood up and my pulse accelerated with his warning. “Which is?”
“I’m a Dominant.”
For a moment I simply stared at him, waiting for more. When I finally realized that was all, I leaned back in my chair and smirked. “That’s it?”
Shock and indignation raced across his face. “What do you mean that’s it? Do you even know what a Dominant is?”
I nodded. “Someone who likes to be in control during sex. So you have a kinky streak? Big deal.” Actually it was a very big deal, but I didn’t want him to think I couldn’t be open-minded.
He stared at me with disbelief in his eyes. “I’ve been wracking my brain, trying to figure out a way to tell you my secret and all you can say when I finally do is...that’s it?” 
“I just don’t think it’s as big a deal as you’re making it out to be. So what if you like kinky sex? As long as all parties involved are willing participants and nobody gets hurt, I don’t see where there’s any real harm being done,” I replied, even as my insides shook with excitement. 
“Really?” He arched a brow. “So you’d have no problem if I wanted to tie you up, blindfold you, and spank that luscious ass until you couldn’t sit?”
Despite his words making me wetter than I could imagine, I managed a nonchalant shrug in response. “I don’t know. I’ve never done anything like that before, so I don’t know if I’d like it or not.”
“Well, Tracy didn’t like it. She told me upfront that she didn’t like it, but submitted to me anyway because she knew it was what I wanted.” He paused and his eyes developed a faraway look. “I should have broken things off after our first session, but I didn’t. I kept thinking that as long as she was willing to submit, it was easier than trying to find another playmate.”
The regret in his voice tugged at my heart. “But it wasn’t easier, was it?” 
He looked me square in the eyes. “No. I used her to relieve my stress and I did my best to try and give her pleasure, but we never could seem to find a middle ground. I was actually relieved when she finally said she was leaving.” He smirked. “Can you believe what a cold-hearted bastard I am? I spend over a year tying up and fucking a woman who didn’t really want to be my submissive and I couldn’t even feel any remorse when she finally left me.”
I shifted to sit next to Brent and placed a hand over his. “I seriously doubt you’re a cold hearted bastard. It sounds more to me like you simply didn’t love her and when there’s not love, there’s nothing.”

Chapter 9

With the weight of our afternoon conversation still resting on my shoulders, I leaned against the garage wall and watched as Brent’s team worked on their back up car. The afternoon race ended hours ago, and, although the stands were now empty, energy remained in the air. 
I walked to the open bay door and leaned against the concrete wall, staring toward the track’s back stretch. The last two days had been a whirlwind of emotions. While I wasn’t really any closer to finding Brent a sponsor, I did feel as if I’d made some progress with my other problem. In my head, I didn’t want to want him, but in my heart, I couldn’t deny how I felt. 
I’d realized after our afternoon conversation that any relationship I stepped into would be a scary leap. Trying to protect myself might just end up hurting me more in the end. The best thing I could do was just roll with what was happening and see where it took me. 
The setting sun fell behind the grandstands, casting the remaining evening in a soft glow. I glanced at my watch at nearly half past seven, I was reminded of the fact that I hadn’t eaten since lunch, well over six hours ago. I looked over my shoulder to see Brent and Tony talking a few feet away. “What time do you guy’s wrap up for the night?”
“There’s always things that can be done,” Brent replied as he walked up behind me and planted a gentle kiss on my temple. “Why?”
“Oh no reason. I was just wondering if anybody around here actually ate on a regular schedule.”
Brent chuckled. “I think the guys can handle this without me. How about we knock off and grab some dinner?”
“I think that’s a fantastic idea.”
It wasn’t long before we were standing in line for a table at the local Applebee’s. Brent wanted to take me someplace nicer, but I’d insisted on something closer to the track and less romantic in nature.
“I’m sorry, it’s going to be another twenty minutes before I can seat you in a booth,” the hostess apologized. “If you like, I can place you at a table in the bar area?”
I glanced at Brent who nodded. “That’s fine,” I replied, then instantly wondered why I’d deferred that question to him in the first place. What was happening to the Shannon who resolved to make her own decisions, right or wrong? 
We’d barely been seated when Brent leaned over and whispered in my ear. “Don’t look now, but your ex is headed this way.”
I groaned at his statement, garnering me a smile from him. “Be nice, Shannon.”
“I’m always nice,” I replied through gritted teeth, then plastered on a fake smile and turned just in time to see Wayne walk up behind me. “I thought that was you sitting over here. Would you mind if I joined you?”
“I really don’t think-” I started to say, only to have Brent overrule me. “Sure.” He leaned into me. “I’m sure it’s no problem if Wayne joins us, is it, honey?”
I gave him a killer look that I hoped conveyed all the nasty things I wanted to do to him later for forcing me to sit through a dinner with my ex. Then I conjured my best smile and replied, “Of course not, darling.”
Apparently oblivious to our little exchange, Wayne slid into the seat opposite us. “I really appreciate this. I was gonna eat with my teammates, but the hostess said the wait is at least twenty minutes and they decided to go elsewhere.”
“Oh it’s no problem at all,” Brent replied, shooting me a mischievous grin. “Right, sweetheart?”
“Right.” I nodded, then took a sip of my water. The moment I got Brent alone he’d be a dead man. 
“So, Shannon,” Wayne began. “I’ll admit that I was more than a little shocked to see you yesterday. Knowing how much you hate motorsports, I would have never pictured you hooking up with anyone in this sport, let alone actually coming to the track.”
How dare he make such a claim, after all the time I’d spent sitting in cold grandstands supporting his dream? I looked up to meet his stare. “I never said I hated motorsports, Wayne.”
“You never said you liked them either,” he countered.
“The only reason I didn’t like it was because it reminded me of you and that’s a memory I’d rather forget.”
He actually had the nerve to look hurt by my statement. I should have been ashamed for taking such a low blow and for the slight amount of satisfaction I felt that my barb might have landed on the bull’s eye. 
Of course that satisfaction dissolved with Brent’s scolding tone. “Now that’s no way to be, Shannon. Especially since motorsports should now remind you of me instead.”
For several long seconds an uncomfortable silence hung over the table as Brent and I exchanged looks. Then his phone rang, causing me to jump. He glanced at the screen. “Excuse me for a moment while I take this.” 
Before I could protest, he disappeared outside to answer the call. I watched him go, tracking him through the crowd and finally losing sight of him when he headed out the door. Frustrated, I turned back to face Wayne, who now sat across from me with a scowl on his face. 
“What are you up to, Shannon?”
I arched a brow. What in the hell was up with his sudden change of tone? “What do you mean? I’m not up to anything.”
“You hated motorsports,” he pushed. “The only reason you ever went to any of my events was out of some sad fear that if you didn’t support me I’d leave.” 
My eyes widened at his statement as embarrassment joined frustration for a tango in the pit of my stomach. 
Looking almost sinister, he grinned. “That’s right, I knew. You never loved me,” he snapped. “You settled for me because I was the only one willing to fuck you at all, even if it was in the dark.” 
He leaned back in the seat and folded his arms. “It was actually a pretty good arrangement we had. You supported me while I worked toward my dream and as payment I fucked your fat ass.”
Seething, I closed my eyes and struggled with the urge to flee. As much as I didn’t want to admit it, his words carried a certain amount of truth. Still that didn’t mean I should allow him to denigrate me. “So how is the little blonde tramp you screwed in our bed?” I shot back hoping to hit a nerve. 
I knew the answer before I’d asked the question. She’d showed up on my doorstep several weeks after the fact and apologized for sleeping with my husband. He, of course, never told her he was married and she felt terrible for breaking up my marriage. 
His grin widened. “I dumped her ass and moved on. When you have a job like mine, it’s easy to find women who want to be with you.”
I leaned forward, and rested my elbows on the table. “Seems to me they’re a perfect match, since they don’t care what they screw and neither do you. So tell me, did you ever manage to get rid of the crabs you gave Sally or are they some sort of parting gift to any poor woman who is desperate enough to sleep with you?”
“You fat bitch!” His next move was so fast I never saw it coming. He jumped from the seat and grabbed me by the wrist, his fingers digging into my flesh as he yanked me from my seat and pulled me against him. “I’m about sick of the way you’re talking to me. Just who in the hell do you think you are?”
For the briefest moment a slick trail of fear slid through me, then I realized the power I actually held. He wouldn’t dare hurt me in front of a restaurant full of people and risk losing his precious job. “I know that I am your ex-wife, thank God, and I know that you’re going to release me before you do something you’re going to regret.”
“Don’t bet on it. Now tell me, Shannon, why are you really here? Because I don’t believe for a second that someone as rich and important as Brent Hague would have anything to do with you,” he snarled.
Feeling the need to escape, I twisted my wrist, but his grip only tightened. “Why I’m here is none of your damn business,” I replied. At this point I’d die before I’d tell him the truth. 
“Don’t fuck with me, Shannon,” he warned through gritted teeth. “If you’re here to somehow mess with my career, you had better think again.”
He’d no sooner finished his sentence when it seemed that out of nowhere Brent appeared. With a growl, he locked his arm around Wayne’s neck and yanked his head back. “Get your filthy hands off my girlfriend,” he ordered, his words low and dangerous. 
Instantly, Wayne’s fingers released me and I took a full step back as I began to rub my wrist. In a move so smooth and practiced it spoke of years of fighting, Brent twisted Wayne toward the table and slammed his head against the top. Our glasses shook and teetered with the impact. With one hand, he held Wayne by the neck against the wooden surface and whispered. “If you ever even think about touching her again, I won’t just ruin your career, I’ll make your sorry ass disappear. I doubt very many people would miss you anyway. Now, do you understand me?”
Wide eyed with fear, Wayne gave him a small nod. 
“Good.” Brent released him. “Now get your sorry hide out of here before I have management call the police.”
Wayne grabbed the back of his neck and without looking at me, he skulked from the building. Still in shock, I watched him go, all the while secretly hoping that this would be the last I’d ever see of my ex.
“Hey,” Brent’s fingers trailed along my arm, bringing my attention back to him. I looked up to find concern in his eyes as he stared down at me. “Are you okay? Did he hurt you?”
“I’m fine,” I replied even as I rubbed at the sore spot on my wrist. “He’s never been violent before, so I’m just a little blindsided by his behavior.”
Gently, Brent turned my wrist over and inspected the spot where I rubbed. His brow knit as he studied the red fingermarks on my skin. “What kind of asshole puts his hands on a woman like that?” He shook his head. “He’s lucky we were in a public place or I might have crippled him just for good measure”
I pulled my arm away, lifted my hand, and placed a palm against his cheek. Nobody had ever stood up for me like that and it meant so much that he had. “Thank you for being my knight in shining armor.”
He took my hand in his and kissed my palm, sending a quick ripple of desire up my arm. “For you, my dear, I’d slay the biggest, baddest dragon in the land. That putrid little skunk of a man was nothing.”
For the first time I noticed that people were staring at us. We must have made quite a scene a few moments ago. “Um…” embarrassment ran through me, causing me to flush. “I think maybe it might be best if we go somewhere else. I’m suddenly feeling like there’s a spotlight shining on us.”
Brent glanced around the room and nodded. “I think you’re right.” He dug into his pocket and tossed a twenty. Let’s go.” 


Chapter 10
After ending up at a small mom and pop deli and settling for a couple of mediocre subs for dinner, we made our way back to the track. We’d eaten mostly in silence as I digested earlier events. Even after we returned to the track my mind struggled to wrap itself around what happened as I walked beside Brent. In all the years I’d known Wayne, he’d never been violent. Was it possible he was doing drugs or something? 
At the owners meeting earlier that day, racing officials reminded everyone about the mandatory driver and the random crew drug testing they did. So if they drug tested, would Wayne really risk losing his dream for a few pills or some pot? But if it wasn’t drugs, what had caused his outburst?
By the time my thoughts finally began to focus on something other than Wayne, I found myself standing in front of an RV. Feeling more than a little confused, I glanced up at Brent. “What are we doing here?”
“You’re not in any condition to drive just yet,” he replied and opened the door. “This is my motorhome. We’ll just go inside and relax for a little while.”
“But I’m fine.” My protest was ignored almost before the words left my mouth as he placed a hand on my lower back and nudged me up the steps. 
 “You’re not fine,” he said as he stepped in behind me. “You’re eyes are a little glazed and you still seemed a bit spooked. I’m not comfortable with you being behind the wheel when you’re this distracted.”
I started to argue a second time only, the moment I caught sight of the RV’s interior, I forgot what I was going to say. 
Holy Shit! His tiny house on wheels was nicer than my little townhouse ever thought about being.  Taking my time, I slowly scanned my surroundings. A leather recliner flanked either side of the door. To my right was the kitchen area, complete with granite counters, an actual stove, full size refrigerator, wine rack and tile back splash. The opposite wall held one of the largest flat screen televisions I’d ever seen. I could only imagine what the rest of the RV looked like. “Wow, you really went all out with the decorating.”
“Maybe.” Brent shrugged. “But this is my home away from home and I want it as luxurious as I could afford to make it.” He moved to the mini-bar. “You want a drink?”
His question pulled me back to the moment and I leveled a knowing look on him. “Why? So you can take my keys under the guise that I’ve had too much to drink and shouldn’t drive? Thank you, but no.” Besides, the last thing I needed was alcohol further impairing my already shaky judgment. 
In an attempt to distract myself from the realization that I was mere feet away from his bedroom, I ran a hand over the back of the real leather couch. “Very nice and big. Does this fold out into a bed too?” The moment the words left my mouth I recognized my mistake. Too bad life wasn’t like the cartoons where you could reach up and pluck the words back out of the air. 
I glanced in Brent’s direction to find him with a wry grin spread across his handsome face. “Sorry, it doesn’t. Why? You thinking about spending the night?”
Yes! Maybe! I cleared my throat of the words clamoring to escape. “Just covering my bases. So-” I glanced toward the back of the RV. “I take it there’s only one bed in this little home on wheels?”
He gave my statement a slow nod. “And it’s mine.” His eyes twinkled with mischief as he stalked toward me, closing the distance. “But I’m more than willing to share.”
Nerves danced in my belly and I shot him a tentative grin. Did he have any idea how badly I wanted to tumble into that bed with him? “I bet you are.”
In an instant his look turned dark and he took another step toward me, forcing me to take a step back. “I’ve made it no secret that I want you, Shannon.”
“I know.” I took another slow step back, even as my mind screamed for me to give in. Just what would it be like to go to bed with the owner of Hague Motor Sports?
He lifted a hand to cradle my cheek. “And I know you want me.” 
Without a thought, I turned into his touch. “That’s beside the point,” I replied as I tried to take another step away and instead came in contact with the counter. He moved in, pinning me between his hard body and the granite. “Let me love you, Shannon. Let me show you pleasures your ex could never have given you.”
God yes! My body heated beneath his touch and my panties dampened with desire. What little resolve I’d had started to crumble, even as I tried yet another feeble protest. “I told you earlier that I don’t just hop into bed with anyone.” 
“Neither do I,” he replied, then gently bit my earlobe. “But I’m not just anyone.” He held me by the hips and ground his crotch against the pocket between my thighs, providing me evidence of his desire. “Haven’t you ever just wanted to throw caution to the wind and do something reckless and wild?”
“Sure I have, but-”
“No buts,” he replied then slammed his mouth over mine, smothering any further protests. His hands gently cupped my face as he drove the kiss deeper, demanding more and more from me until I relented. I gasped, both surprised and aroused by his aggressive nature. Overwhelmed, the last of my defenses fell and I surrendered. No doubt I’d probably regret my actions in the morning, but for tonight...for the next few hours, I wasn’t going to worry about relationships or my weight. I was simply going to allow him to take me to places I’d never been. 
I sank into the kiss, enjoying the parry of tongues as they dueled for dominance. My hands drifted up his muscled back until I gripped his shoulders, clinging to him for balance. He slid his hands beneath my ass and, without effort, lifted me onto the counter. Then he wedged his hips between my thighs until his dick pressed against my aching core. God, it felt good to be wanted again, to know that I could elicit that kind of reaction from such a gorgeous and successful man. 
“We. Shouldn’t. Do. This,” I tried a final, weak protest as my logic put up one last valiant fight. 
“I know,” he replied as he trailed kisses along my chin before returning to my mouth for more.
“You’re my client,” I said between kisses. “This is wrong.”
His hands cupped my ass and pulled me against him, grinding his length harder against my mound. The feel of his cock pressed against me, even through my clothing, caused me to moan in response. 
“Then why does it feel so right?” he asked.
Despite my protests I had to admit it did feel right. No matter how responsible I was or what our working relationship might be, I couldn’t deny the insane attraction pulling us together. Sleeping with him would no doubt complicate my life, but it wasn’t as if my life had been simple to start. In all honesty, I was wetter than I could ever remember being, and all from kissing him. If my body reacted to him like that, just how explosive would it be if I allowed this situation to go all the way? 
Desire spiraled out of control and killed the last of my logic, stomping it into dust. What harm could come from giving in to my desire?
“Brent!” I gasped as I reached for the hem of his shirt.
“Yeah, baby?”
“You have too many clothes on.”
He pulled back slightly and grinned down at me. “I’m glad you finally see things my way.”
“Brent, shut up and strip.”
Brent groaned, then gave me a small, mischievous grin and stepped back. “Just so you know.” He grabbed the hem of his polo and pulled it up over his head. “I’m generally the one who gives the orders, so don’t get used to this.”
Holy Hell! The man was built as well as the engines he put in his cars. At that moment, I would have gladly done anything he demanded of me, so long as he didn’t put his clothing back on. My gaze trailed over him as I feasted on the sight of his delectable flesh. With one hand, I reached out and trailed a finger along the invisible line dissecting the middle of his well-defined abs.
He arched a brow. “You like?”
“Hell yeah, I like.” I slid off the counter and moved closer. “If the rest of you is this well-built, I’m going to be in heaven.”
His wry grin returned. “Well I guess you’ll just have to look for yourself.”
"I love the way you think, Mr. Hague. That sounds like a fabulous idea." I grabbed him by the neck and pulled his mouth back to mine. A low growl reverberated in his chest, sending a chill racing through my body as he yanked me against him for the second time.
I slid my hands between our bodies to his waist, then made quick work of his belt. Without hesitation, I unzipped his jeans and delved behind the waistband of his boxers, setting his erection free. My mouth watered at the sight of his cock, thick, hard and ready for action. Slowly, I slid down his body, onto my knees, so I was eye level with his groin. Magnificent was all I could think as I leaned forward and flicked my tongue over the swollen tip.
He groaned and speared a hand through my hair. “That feels so good, baby, but you don't have to…”
"I know. I want to," I interrupted, then I opened my mouth and took the uppermost inches of his shaft between my lips. I slid my tongue over his flesh and began to suck, bobbing up and down, taking him deeper with every pass. I wrapped my fingers around the base of his stalk and began to pump in time with my mouth. With my other hand, I cradled his balls, gently rolling them in my palm.
Brent’s body jerked and shook as he panted above me. “Fuck yeah, sweetheart. Suck my cock.” 
He grunted and his fingers laced through my hair, pulling tight against my scalp until he controlled my movements. The quick bite of pain excited me beyond comprehension. I’d never been with a man who’d been so willing to take control. 
He held my head still while he thrust into my willing mouth. “Yeah, baby. God, that’s so fucking hot.” 
His praise filled me with confidence and a sudden desire to give him even more. Whatever he wanted from me, I’d happily do. For several long seconds he continued the steady in and out rhythm, before he shoved deep into my mouth, held there and then pulled away. 
“Good God, I have to stop.”
Confused, and feeling a little empty at his sudden departure, I flicked my gaze upward. “Why? It’s obvious you like what I was doing.”
“Christ, I do, but if we continued this will be over before it starts.” He reached for me, gently pulling me to my feet. “I want to make this special and memorable and I can’t do that if I come in your mouth. That’s not how I want our first time together to end.”
The sincerity of his statement pulled at my heart. This wasn’t just some quick encounter for him to get his rocks off. He really did want to make it meaningful for me. I wasn’t normally one to get emotional, but I quickly found myself tamping down a wealth of feelings I hadn’t experienced in quite some time. “Thank you,” I managed to whisper.
His lips tipped into a smile as he raked a knuckle along my cheek. “Thank you for giving us a shot.” He leaned forward and cupped my face as he gave me a gentle kiss that promised so much more than just great sex. Then he pulled back and quickly kicked out of the rest of his clothes. “I want you in the bedroom where I can feast on you properly.”
The implications of his words caused a shiver to race through me. Just what did he have in mind? He took my hand in his and slowly led me to the back of the camper, where I found a king size bed waiting. “Nice bed.”
He kissed my temple. “It will be even better with you naked and lying in the middle of it.” His fingers trailed along my waist and began unbuttoning my blouse. “You have too many clothes on for what I have planned.”
Feeling a bit cheeky and incredibly sexy, I looked up at him. “Then I guess you better do something about that problem.”
“I have the solution right here,” he replied as he pushed the unbuttoned shirt off my shoulders, then leaned forward to kiss the flesh where my shoulder and neck met. “God, you’re beautiful.” 
I raised a hand and hooked it around his neck as I sank backwards into his embrace. The shirt fell to the floor without another thought as he slid his hands around my body and palmed my breasts. “This bra is sexy as hell. Do the panties match?”
“I always coordinate my clothing,” I replied just as I turned my head and mouthed a soft kiss at the base of his neck.
“Let me see.” His tone told me this wasn’t a request, but an order.
Without waiting to be told again, I dropped my hands, undid my slacks and let them pool around my ankles. 
His brow winged up at the sight of the lacy thong. “Damn. I can’t believe you were hiding this sexy body beneath all that fabric. Just what other secrets are you hiding, Ms. Meyers?”
I stepped out of my heels and slowly crawled onto the bed before turning my gaze over my shoulder at him. “I guess you’ll have to try and find out.” I grinned.
“Is that a challenge?”
I turned over on my back and leaned up against the headboard. “You bet it is,” I replied, then unhooked my bra and tossed it aside. I should have been appalled at my wanton behavior, but I was too far lost in the moment to care. All I could think about was having Brent inside me. I watched his nostrils flare and his eyes go wide as he stared down at me.
"Stunning," he whispered as he climbed over my legs to straddle me. "You are absolutely stunning. Wayne was a fool for even thinking about cheating on you.”
His words struck deep in my heart and I wondered how it was that I could find more comfort and passion with a man I'd known for less than two days, than with one I’d been married to for years.
The feel of wet heat pulled me from my thoughts as Brent’s mouth centered over my nipple. I reached down and cradled his head, holding him against me. He cupped my other breast, tweaking the nipple between his thumb and finger. Electricity zinged from my taut nipples straight to my needy core. The erotic combination of pain and pleasure set my insides on fire. Foreplay hadn’t been in Wayne’s vocabulary, but apparently Brent knew just how to define the word. He pinched my nipple between his finger and thumb as he grazed the other with his teeth. The erotic flare of pain caused me to squeak in response, even as a fresh shot of liquid pooled between my legs. In a matter of minutes he’d managed to turn me into an incoherent mass of need. 
Just when I didn’t think I could take anymore he let go of my nipple and grinned. “You said earlier that you didn’t know about the whole being a submissive thing. Are you willing to let me start teaching you now?”
Anticipation and fear sprang like a geyser, dueling for dominance. Could I find it in myself to trust him enough to show me what I didn’t know? I licked my lips as I tried to decide. 
“A sub needs a safe word,” he continued. “You’ll feel better about saying yes if you know you have a way to say stop later." He leaned forward and brushed a kiss across my lips. “The universal safe word is red. You say that word and everything stops, all right?”
I nodded even before my mind had officially agreed. 
“That’s my girl.” He reached behind me and pulled a pair of soft hand cuffs from between the mattress and frame. Each cuff was tethered to the frame with a strap. My nerves danced even as my need grew. While I might be nervous I really wanted this experience. The sound of Velcro had me eyeing him as he wrapped the first cuff around my wrist. I wanted to think of something pithy to say, some cute little quip, but lust and need scattered my thoughts. He closed the fabric around my other wrist and secured it. “There.” He moved back and grinned. “Perfect.”
I glanced from one arm to the other and tested the binding. When they didn’t give shock caused me to shudder. Oh God! Somewhere along this journey I’d gone from reading BDSM romances to being in one. Could I handle this? Before I could decide, he began planting slow, lingering kisses downward to the apex of my thighs. I spread my legs in anticipation, granting him the access we both desired. He watched my face as he lowered his head and swiped his tongue across my clit. I sucked in a strangled breath, but otherwise didn’t move. 
“Tough girl,” he murmured before that mischievous grin of his returned. “But I’ll bet that I can have you screaming my name before I’m done with you.”
I returned his smile. “I’ll take that bet, Mr. Hague.”
He turned his attention back between my legs and for a moment simply stared at my lady parts. “For the record. You have the prettiest pussy I’ve ever seen.” 
His words nearly caused me to blush. Never in my life had anyone called my pussy pretty. He slid a finger through my wetness, inciting a shudder. “It’s all pink and puffy.” He parted my curls. “While I don’t mind a little landing strip down here, I’d rather have you bare.” His fingers tangled in my thatch and gave a little tug. “That way I can see everything and you’ll be much more sensitive and feel everything I do.”
I watched as he slowly slid a finger down my outer labia. “Without all this hair soaking it up, you’d be so very slick. What do you say, baby? Next time will you shave this for me?”
Busy trying to process the sensations he created, my mind blanked on his question and I absently nodded my agreement. 
He touched me right over my entrance, swirled a finger around my opening, the sensation maddening. “Good girl. For now though, I’m going to give you everything you deserve and never received.” 
Then much to my confusion and dismay he removed his fingers completely, leaving me achy and desperate. Before I could stop it, a pitiful whine escaped my throat and earned me another grin in response. 
“Lesson number one, baby. I decide when to give you pleasure and how much you receive. We have all night, so I’m going to take my time and enjoy you.”
I almost blurted out a protest, but his words stoked my imagination and I stopped. As much as I wanted him right now, I was also desperate to see what he had in store for me. 
As if I was the most precious thing in the world, he grazed a knuckle along the inside of my thigh, down, then back up, over and around my mound, only to repeat the process on my other leg. I’d never realized how sensitive that area of skin actually was…until now. The exquisite torture had me curling my fingers around the straps securing the cuffs to the bed. If this was some sort of test, I was determined to pass it. My clit throbbed and my pussy clenched emptily each time he passed over my mound without touching me. As much as I wanted to win our bet, my resolve slowly crumbled until I was nothing more than a puddle of need. 
 “Please.” The plea tore from me before I could stop it, ending my bid to win. 
Brent flicked his gaze up, his look dark with desire. “Please what?” 
His question only served to confuse my lust filled mind. I stared at him blankly as I struggled to find the right answer. In the novels I’d read, the subs called their Doms “sir” or “master.” Is that what he wanted from me?” 
“Please what?” He repeated then stroked a finger down through my nether lips, scattering my thoughts and forcing the words from my lips. 
“Sir,” I offered, praying it was correct. “Please, Sir.” 
While his eyes remained dark with desire, his lips quirked up at the ends. “Very nice, baby,” he murmured and slid the finger into me. The swift invasion caused the already sensitive nerves inside my vagina to flare to life. Desperate for him to give me more, I arched up even as I whimpered like some needy puppy. I really should have been embarrassed by the way I acted, but at that moment I couldn’t find it in me to be shamed. 
His grin widened as he slowly lowered his head. “I love the sound of your surrender.”
Riveted, I watched as his mouth covered my clit. His tongue gently flicked across my tiny bud, sending shockwaves racing through me. My entire lower half tightened in response. My channel clamped around his finger like a vice. Desperate to touch him, I pulled at the bindings and was quickly reminded of my predicament. A fresh shot of desire slid through me, and I grew impossibly wetter at the realization that I was at his mercy. Never in my life had I felt so out of control and, God help me, but I liked it. 
My impending climax grew, building on itself until the world narrowed to just the sensations he was pulling from me. His hands, his mouth, the tightness low in my belly. Just a little more…. 
Just as I was on the verge of release, he pulled his finger out and lifted his head, leaving me feeling unbelievably empty and riding that painful edge of release. 
My protest came quick as I sobbed the word "No," only to receive a wry smile in return. 
“Oh yes,” he replied. “Rule number three, baby. You will come only when I allow you to come. Always assume that you don’t have permission to come until it’s given.”
My eyes widened with his instructions and my brain all but shut off. “You can’t be serious.”
“I’m completely serious,” he replied as his smile faded and I had a sudden fear that I’d angered him with my question. 
Be careful what you wish for, Shannon. That thought ran through my head as memories of me in the shower, dreaming about him doing this very thing, surfaced. What in the hell had I been thinking? 
“But how am I supposed to control when I come?” I could barely control my body’s reactions as it was and now he wanted me to fight back my release until given permission? Could it even be done?
“Honey, part of being a good sub is not only listening to your Dom, but having faith that he knows what’s best for you. Withholding your release will only heighten the experience and, when you finally are allowed to come, will make it that much more pleasurable. Now,” he brushed a knuckle over my mound. “Once again, I ask, do you trust me to know what’s best for you, Shannon?”
Nervously I licked my lips as I considered his question. I trusted him, but I was worried about what happened if I failed him. “What if I can’t control it?”
He arched a brow. “Then I get to punish you for your lack of control?” 
Oh, God! His wicked words had my mind conjuring all sorts of scenarios and each one made me even wetter with need. “You can’t—” I feebly protested.
“Oh, but I can and I will. Now…” He slid one finger ever so slowly into me, then back out. The sensation had me moaning in response. I tightened around him as desire flared back to life. 
“Very nice.” He lowered his head, and grazed his teeth across my folds before sucking my labia into his mouth. His tongue laved my bud with a renewed vigor and I panted at the sensation. So close. So very, very close, but I wasn’t allowed to come and I needed to remember that fact.
My legs quivered uncontrollably, even as I fought to turn my brain back on. In a last ditch effort to distract myself from what he was doing to the lower half of my body, I tried saying the alphabet backwards. Z…Y…X...W…
The moment he added a second finger, my thoughts scattered, causing me to lose my place. I arched against him, only to have him use his free hand to hold me down. The pressure added to my arousal and I moaned. Faster, harder, he drove into me as I writhed and whimpered beneath him. The entire lower half of my body was on fire. His tongue slid through my folds again and again while his fingers plunged in and out. No way was I going to be able to stop the building orgasm. 
I was once again riding that precarious peak when he stopped and took his hands away. 
I literally sobbed like a baby. What he was doing to me was torture and I’d actually agreed to it.  What was I thinking?
My entire lower half felt overly tight and throbbed with nearly unbearable need. I’d never felt so out of control, so desperate to come, in my life. I didn’t think it was possible, but I physically hurt down there. 
“I know it probably doesn’t seem like it, but you’re doing great,” he praised. Knowing I’d pleased him helped marginally, but right then I would have settled for the punishment if it meant finding some relief.  “I promise,” he whispered as he licked the soft skin of my inner thigh. “It will be worth it.” 
The sudden need to touch him overwhelmed me, and I pulled at the cuffs. Once again they didn’t give and my hands closed into fists over the bindings as yet another wave of helplessness washed through me, arousing me further.
Just as the feeling began to wane, he slid what felt like three fingers into me, the feeling tighter than before and sending my arousal right back up to the precipice. This time my eyelids slammed shut and I let my head roll to the side as I let go of all my fight, all my control and surrendered to his demands. 
He slid his finger in, pulled out, then repeated the process until each thrust pushed me closer and closer to the edge. He flicked his tongue across my clit and my entire body tightened one more time. If he stopped again I would surely faint. Closer…closer.  Oh God, I’m gonna come! 
Before I could utter the words, he lifted his head just long enough to bark a command. “Come now, Shannon.” 
As if somehow I’d been waiting for his order or maybe relieved because I’d finally received it, I fell right off that desperate edge. I cried out, his name tumbling from my lips as if he was the only thing in my life that mattered. My world splintered, taking me with it as I crashed through my climax. Starbursts flashed behind my closed eyelids as my entire body jerked with spasms of pleasure. My body no longer under my control, I thrashed in the bed and pulled against the restraints and time seemed to stand still as I rode wave after wave of pleasure. 

Chapter 11

After what seemed like an eternity, the spasms slowed until I lay limp and drenched in my own sweat. My heart pounded so fast I swore it was going to beat right out of my chest, yet I couldn’t muster the energy to lift my head, let alone speak. 
“So I guess I won that bet, huh?” 
I opened my eyes and noted the smug look plastered across Brent’s face. Yes, damn it, he’d won that bet. He didn’t need to rub it in. I’d expected him to release me, but instead he sat back on his knees and grinned. “I hope you have some energy left, sweetheart, ‘cause we’re far from being done.” 
Oh God! Despite being thoroughly exhausted and completely sated, my pussy twitched with his words. What was he planning to do next? I didn’t have to wait long as his big hands roved up my thighs, danced along my ample hips and up over my not-so-flat belly before cupping my breasts. He smiled as he squeezed just hard enough to create a bite of pain that had me gasping for breath. Without any regard for time, he played with my nipples, rolling them between his thumb and finger, then lightly pinching them back to attention. 
Then he leaned over and opened the small nightstand drawer. "There are condoms in here somewhere,” he said as he rooted through the box.
Condoms? My mind turned the word over until its implications took root and my pussy clenched emptily. He was going to take me and I couldn’t wait.
He pulled out a beat up looking box with the top missing. A frown claimed his handsome face as he studied the box. “I’m not sure how old these are.” 
His qualification caused me to arch a quizzical brow, as curiosity grew. Just how long had it been since he’d been with a woman? I knew he said he was with his last girlfriend for over a year, but how long ago had it ended? If the box was any indication it looked like it had been there for quite some time. 
“Are they even still good?” I asked. Stopping at this point would have been torture for us both. 
He chuckled. “Should be, let me just check the date on the bottom of the box.” He held the box up high and turned his head to the side to read the bottom. “They’re still good.”
Thank goodness. I actually let out a sigh of relief. Without wasting another second, he pulled a packet from inside, dropped the box on top of the dresser and ripped open the foil. I watched intently, as he rolled the lubricated latex onto his ample shaft.
Then he slid back down the bed and once again settled himself between my legs and just like that, he picked up right where we’d left off. Using his fingers and mouth, he worked me into another frenzy, forcing me to wait several times before finally allowing me to come. This time, when I tumbled into the abyss, I did so screaming. 
Before I’d managed to come down, he’d shifted up my body. His cock brushed against my swollen folds. Instinct had me wrapping my legs around him, holding him against me.  
He leaned down and took a kiss. I could taste myself on his lips and was more than a little shocked by the flavor. It actually wasn’t as unpleasant as I imagined. My mind was still processing this information when, without warning, he drove into me. 
I cried out as my insides stretched to accommodate his girth. My body recoiled with the bite of pain, but with my arms still bound I couldn’t escape. 
“Easy,” Brent soothed as he peppered kisses along my chin. “Give it a minute.”
Unable to do anything but succumb to his command, I managed to take in a deep breath as my channel pulsed around his cock. He was so much bigger than what I was used to. For a moment I wasn’t sure if the pain would ever go away. He waited and slowly my insides stretched to accommodate him and, as they did, the pain subsided. Eventually I grew restless and when I shifted my hips, he took that as his cue and began a slow slide out then back in that had me panting within minutes. 
“Oh, sweetheart, you feel good,” Brent murmured against my throat. 
I wanted to tell him the same thing, but the words seemed stuck in my throat and escaped as nothing more than a whimper. 
He brought his mouth back to mine, plunging his tongue in slow strokes that mimicked the way his cock plunged into my channel. My hips moved in time with his motion, lifting upward to meet his thrusts. He groaned in response and slowly increased his speed until it felt as if he were pounding me into the bed. Heavy pants and the slapping of flesh on flesh filled the air. 
Then, without looking, he reached above me and unhooked my cuffs. I felt the slack and then the delicious ache in my arms as I eased them down and wrapped them around him. He surged deeper, and my lower half tightened just a little more. My hands clung to his back, my fingers digging into his flesh as his balls slapped against my ass. Faster, harder—he drove me until we reached the point of no return. With my tissues so damn swollen, I could almost feel the moment his cock began to swell and pulse. The idea of him coming inside me sent me spiraling into the most amazing orgasm. Brent’s name tumbled from my lips as he groaned against my ear and my pussy slowly milked him dry. 
My insides still fluttered with residual pleasure as Brent slowly pulled out, rolled onto his back and tugged me against him. Remaining silent, he threw his other arm over his eyes and sucked in gasping breaths. My mind raced even as I struggled to regulate my own breathing. 
He’d tied me to the bed, commanded control of my body and I’d not only complied, but enjoyed every last second of it. I wasn’t quite sure how I felt about this new information. Later I’d have to seriously sit down and analyze my reactions to what we’d done, but for now…
“That was…” he started to say.
“Amazing,” I finished his sentence, then turned my head to look up at him.  “I had no idea sex could be that…that satisfying.”
He’d moved his arm and was looking down at me with a wide grin on his face. “I’ll take that as a compliment.”
Using my elbow, I pushed up until I was able to sit with my back against the headboard. “You should, because it was meant as one.”
Now he turned onto his side to face me. “When was your last time?” He asked as he idly placed with my nipple. 
I rolled my eyes and chuckled. “It’s been years. And you?”
“Well over a year. The schedule I keep doesn’t bode well for relationships and I’m not interested in hooking up with pit lizards for one night stands.”
“Too hard to train a sub in one night, huh?”
He stroked his hand along my belly, running it in lazy circles. “Well there is that, but I wanted someone who was willing to be with me for who I was as a person and not what I owned or represented.” He pushed up until he was parallel with me, then he curled a knuckle beneath my chin, lifting my face toward him for a gentle kiss. “Then you walked into my life and I knew I’d finally found her. What do you say, Shannon? Will you stop being my fictional girlfriend and be my real life one instead?”
With my body and mind currently recovering from the best sex of my life, it was difficult for me to think. I guess it was better that way, because I had no choice but to listen to my heart. “Yes,” I replied and my attention caught on the condom box sitting on the dresser. Why didn’t I think of that before? As if someone flipped a switch inside my head, my mind began to churn with ideas. My brow knit and for a moment I stared at the box. That was the answer.
“What wrong?” Brent asked. “You’re supposed to be happy about being my girlfriend.”
“I am,” I replied without looking at him.
“Then why the strange look?”
 “That’s it.”
“What’s it?” Brent replied, giving me a confused expression as I shifted and reached for the condom box.
“The condoms are the answer.”
“What was the question?”
“Not a question,” I rolled my eyes. “Your answer to the sponsor problem, silly.”
His brow knit. “You want to put a picture of a condom on the hood of my car?”
Damn he was cute when he was confused. I smiled and pressed a chaste kiss to his cheek. “No. We plaster their name across the hood of your car. Valrex has had a lot of bad publicity lately with that line of defective condoms earlier in the year. They could certainly use the push. I bet if we could get Calen to agree to do a few commercials endorsing their product, they’d be willing to throw some money behind your team.”
The wrinkles in Brent’s forehead smoothed out and he smiled. “I like it. The boy’s always thinking with his dick anyway. Why not let him make some money while he’s doing it. Do you think they’d be interested?”
“There’s only one way to find out.”
He snatched the box from my grasp and dumped the contents into his hand. “First, I think we need to do a little more research to make sure they have a good product.”
Satisfied just moments ago, my body began to hum with need. How in the hell he managed to pull such a reaction from me I didn’t know. My grin widened as I began to imagine what he might next have in store for me. “I like your thinking, Mr. Hague.”
He grabbed me by the waist and pulled me on top of him until I straddled his hips. I could already feel his hard cock pressing against my sensitive bits. 
It’s funny how your entire life can change in just a short period of time. I showed up on Thursday, single, frustrated and hating this assignment. Just two days later, I was naked in bed with a sexy, powerful man who not only respected, but also seemed to adore me. Maybe I’d been wrong when I said big girls didn’t get a happily ever after in life. 
“Lesson number four.” He handed me one of the packets. “Negotiate any hard limits and desires before you get in too deep with a new master.” He arched a brow. “Ultimately, you hold the power, Shannon. What will you do?” 
I took the condom from him, tore open the foil and shifted so I was between his legs. Then I grinned up at him as I slowly rolled the latex down his hard length. “Whatever you’re heart desires, Master.” 
 
* * *
Preview
Reckless Curves 2

Chapter 1
The dirty looks and whispers started before the weekend was even over.  At least that’s how I felt on Sunday as I watched the race with Brent.  Already out of my element and feeling insecure, my heightened senses allowed me to catch scowls and nasty glares from nearly every female that passed by.  Absorbed in the race and the status of his driver, Brent didn’t notice how the beautiful women whispered to each other, then nodded at me with a look of disgust on their face.  Why should he notice when his driver Calen spent most of the race vying for first place?  
Calen won the race and because of it, I’d landed directly in the photographer’s path when Brent pulled me to his side to celebrate.  He’d kissed me as flash bulbs went off and deep down I knew there would be repercussions for his actions.  I’d seen the eye rolls from the wives and girlfriends of owners and drivers and I’d noted the way the models in victory lane narrowed their eyes when Brent reached for me instead of one of them.  While in the moment it was easy to ignore the subtle looks and nearly hidden smirks. In the quite that followed, I thought about each and every one and my confidence crumbled bit by bit.   Even now, as I sat staring blankly at my computer screen, my mind began to seriously process the entire weekend.   
Somehow, I’d gone from not wanting to even take the assignment to not wanting to leave.  It wasn’t just the sex either.  Though, I will admit it was damn good.  Brent is definitely a man who knows how to satisfy a woman.  Beyond the sex, he made me feel wanted, desired…beautiful.
He seemed genuinely concerned about my feelings and listened to what I had to say as if at that moment I was the only person who mattered.  His personality was such that I found him straight forward and honest as they come.  He pulled no punches and had a confidence about him that I’d never before encountered.  In a matter of just a few short days he made me feel as if I belonged.   
Hell, I’d had a hard time not blubbering like a complete idiot when he kissed me goodbye late last night, and that was only a temporary departure.  Still, it didn’t change the fact that I missed him so much I physically hurt.  How in the hell is that even possible?  I turned and stared out the window as I pondered that thought.  Exactly what kind of mystical power did Brent Hague have where he could cause me to act like some overly dramatic teenager?  
I also dreamed about you. His word echoed in my mind as I thought back to Saturday, when he’d found me in the race trailer’s tiny office.  His words rippled through my system the same way a pebble created ripples in water, and desire stirred.  Disrupted my sleep to the point I had to relieve myself in order to get any rest.  I closed my eyes and pictured him alone in the shower, one hand braced against the tiles, the other wrapped around his thick length.  Damn if my panties didn’t dampen at that beautiful image.  
As you can feel, it did little good, since even thinking about you makes me hard. He’d 
wanted me in a way no other man had.  He wanted me…all of me…for who I was, and that concept was very new to me. Maybe that was why I was having such a difficult time concentrating.  For the first time in my life, I’d finally found a man to accept me, flaws and all and that knowledge made me happy.  
I’m happy!   A grin tipped my lips as I turned back to my computer.  It had been so long since I knew what true happiness felt like, I didn’t remember how it felt…until now.  I opened my e-mail and fired off a quick message to Brent.  After speaking with the head of Valrex Condom’s marketing department, I’d scored us a face-to-face meeting later in the week.  It meant flying to Las Vegas, but if this worked out the way I hoped, the plane and hotel fare would be chump change compared to the millions of dollars they’d pour into backing Brent’s team.  
The Valrex representatives want to meet Calen in person before they commit. I realize this probably goes without saying, but you also need to be there.  Please let me know if you want me to make the arrangements.  My fingers hovered over the keyboard as my mind struggled with how to sign off.  Love was much too soon and too personal for business.  Yet, regards or sincerely, sounded much too formal, considering how much time I’d already spent naked with him.  
Miss you,
Shannon
I leaned back and stared at the screen.  Not too mushy of a closing, but enough to convey that I was thinking about him beyond work.  Before I could change my mind I hit send.  I had three other accounts that needed my attention and I needed to start right now with learning to compartmentalize my life.  
I finished the first of the three, putting together what I considered to be a brilliant ad campaign.  I’d need to put together a pitch for Valrex, but I still had a few days so I turned my attention to the next account.
Half way through, my mind began to wander as I once again thought back on yesterday.  Calen won the race with a half lap on the second place finisher and the fans went crazy.  We’d weaved our way from pit road to the winners circle. Chaos ensued as flash bulbs nearly blinded me while fans cheered.  Reporters shouted random questions at Brent and Calen while someone popped the cork on a bottle of Champaign and confetti rained down on us.  Curiosity swelled and before I could stop myself I was searching the internet for Brent Hague.
It only took moments for me to find the first picture of me with Brent in the winner’s circle.  The one thing I hate about having my picture taken is that it always adds weight to me.  A frown quickly overtook my smile as I stared at the picture.  How could I possibly look that big, yet Brent didn’t look any different?  Did I really look like that?
I clicked back to the search page and then onto a different link.  A picture of Calen topped the short article and my heart sank as I studied the photo.  In the background and off to the side Brent was visible, but someone had photo shopped me out of the image and replaced me with one of the victory lane models.  My stomach clenched as the ugly truth stabbed me in the gut.  Even if Brent liked me for who I was, others didn’t.
The third link I clicked on lead me to a different picture, one of Brent kissing me while his team sprayed champagne over us.  The picture made me smile until I read the comments following the article.  
‘Why is Brent kissing THAT thing when he could have any woman he wanted?’ A commenter by the handle of Haguegirl77 wrote.
‘At least it wasn’t Calen kissing her,’ Calenfan1 replied.  
‘Thought Brent had better taste than that.  I’m so disappointed.’ Someone else wrote. 
My stomach lurched and rolled as I continued down the list, torturing myself with comment after comment about me and more specifically my weight.  I’d been thankful for the absence of stomach issues while I’d been on assignment with Brent, but now it seemed as if it was returning in force.  With my nerves now on edge and my thoughts cluttered with worry, doubt began to seep from the recesses of my mind and tears welled.    
Deciding not to torture myself by reading more of the nasty comments I closed out of the program and returned to my work.  Only now I couldn’t focus at all.  Alone in my office without Brent’s reassurance it was easy to slide down that slippery slope of self-doubt and depression.  What I needed was some solid advice from someone I trusted.  Since I needed to tell Marcy about my tryst with Brent anyway, I couldn’t think of a better person in which to confide. Pursing my lips as I considered my options I concluded that it was time for a lunch meeting with my pregnant partner and best friend.

Forty five minutes later I sat next to Marcy’s bed and picked at my overpriced salad as she noshed hungrily.  “Not that I mind the company,” she said between bites, “but why the impromptu visit in the middle of a work day?”
Hundreds of thoughts raced through my mind as I took a moment to compose myself. There wasn’t any easy way to divulge this information.  With a sigh, I set my uneaten salad aside and stared at her.  Her eyes narrowed and she set her lunch aside, then placed a hand over her large, rounded belly prominent beneath the cream colored duvet.  “What’s wrong, Shannon?”
“I may have made a mistake,” I started, not exactly sure where I was going from there.  
“With Brent’s account or with Brent?” she asked.
My eyes widened as shock rippled through me.  “You know?  How did you know?”
Her lips turned up into a mischievous grin.  “What?  You didn’t think I wouldn’t find out that my best friend and business partner is now banging my biggest client?”
“Marcy…I-” Unable to think of anything to say, I closed my mouth while my brain process this new information.  She knew?  But how?
She held up a hand as if she would have stopped me anyway.  “Don’t sweat it. Believe me, I understand. Brent Hague is sexy as hell.”
“A fact of which you failed to inform me of before I headed for Charlotte.” I could feel a headache coming on and my stomach twisted yet again.  What I needed was a week alone and away from the stresses of work.  Maybe then I’d feel better.   Too bad I wouldn’t get it anytime soon.
“I didn’t tell you on purpose.”
Are you freaking kidding me? “Why?”
“Because I knew if you realized exactly what you were getting yourself into, you’d have retreat into that safe little shell of yours.  As it turns out, my instincts were right on the money.”
I shook my head as the meaning of her words took root.  “You were hoping for me to hook up with Brent?”
Marcy shrugged.  “Kinda.”
“Why?”
“Because it’s about time you found someone to love.”  She placed both hands on either side of her body and pushed against the mattress, repositioning her body so she was sitting more upright.  “I know you say that you’re over jackass, but it’s been three years, Shannon.  It’s time to put dickless and his nonsense behind you and move on for real. Besides, I’ve been working with Brent for nearly two years now.  I know he’s a good guy.”
I knew Marcy meant well, but the idea of her secretly plotting my romance with Brent didn’t sit well.  “So how did you find out?”
She cocked her head to the side and shot me one of her famous, you have to be kidding looks.  “You are kidding right?  I mean, you’re all over the internet racing sites.  As soon as I spotted the picture of Brent kissing you in victory lane I knew.”
“Then you also saw all the nasty comments that fans are making about me.”
Marcy’s look turned somber.  “Yeah, I saw, but you know they’re just jealous right?”
“Even if they are, the comments still hurt.” I knew I shouldn’t have been such a crybaby about this.  I’d spent years working on my self-esteem and rebuilding it again after my divorce.  I’d told myself over and over that it didn’t matter what other’s thought of me.  Especially strangers.  But in this situation it did matter.  “What if Brent sees how his fans are responding to our new relationship and decides to ditch me?”  I shook my head as the doubt I’d been carrying around for the last two hours secured itself a little deeper into my heart.  “I really like him, Marcy.”  
She reached for my hand and squeezed.  “I know trust is difficult for you, but, honey, you need to have a little faith in Brent.  You’ve been with him for the last four days.  Does he strike you as a man who gives a damn what other people think?”
With my other hand I dragged a knuckle beneath my eye, wiping way the hint of tears.  I really hated myself for being so weak.  Especially when my best friend was on bed rest in an attempt to keep her baby from being born too early.  My problems were small compared to hers.  So why couldn’t I get a handle on my emotions? 
“I care. Getting involved with someone as powerful and high profile as Brent means putting myself out there for other’s to judge.  The last thing I want is for him to be ashamed of me or regret the decision he made.”  I knew it was stupid to allow other’s opinions to weigh so heavily on me, but Brent wasn’t a typical man and ours wasn’t a typical relationship.  Hell, at this point we barely had a relationship.  The idea of having some loud mouthed, opinionated racing fans wreaking havoc on my budding romance didn’t sit well.
Marcy’s gaze traveled from me to my untouched salad and back.  “Is that why you’re not eating?”
I shook my head.  “I know what you’re thinking.  I’m not starting some stupid crash diet.  Been there, done that…it doesn’t work.”
“Then why haven’t you touched your salad?”
“My stomach is upset and I’m afraid I’ll get sick.” I sighed and leaned back in the chair as the weight of the last few days settled over me.  “Maybe it’s nerves.  Maybe it’s all the crap I ate over the last couple of days.”
“Maybe it’s something more serious,” she countered.  “You’ve been having stomach issues for well over a month.  When are you going to have it checked out?”
Her observation made me sigh.  “I don’t know.  If you haven’t noticed I’ve been just a wee bit busy.”
My statement caused her to wince and I mentally chastised myself for making her feel bad.  “You know, I’m sure I’ll be better by tomorrow.”
“And if you’re not?”
“Then I’ll consider seeing my doctor.”
For several long seconds, Marcy remained silent.  If I were to guess, I’d bet she was deciding whether to believe me.  “Well, whatever the reason, I think you need to talk to Brent about how you’re feeling.  This affects him and he has a right to know.”
I nodded.  “I’ll think about it.”  Desperate to change the subject I pointed to her belly.  “How’s the little one?”
Marcy groaned.  “I think there’s an Olympic gymnast in there.  He never stops moving.”
“That’s good though, right?”
She chuckled.  “According to the doctors, yes, but you’ll have a hard time convincing me of that when I can’t sleep because of all the movement.”
“So, is the doc going to let you off bed rest any time soon?”
She shook her head.  “With pre-term labor a lot could go wrong.  The little one here still has another six weeks before they’ll deem him full term and let me deliver.  Until then, it’s full bed rest and medicine.”
The unhappiness in her tone pulled at me.  Marcy wasn’t one to sit around and do nothing.  At the same time, she’d been trying for years to get pregnant, only to repeatedly lose the babies a few weeks into her pregnancies.  This was the first time after attempts that she’d made it this far.  While she might be unhappy about being on bed rest, I knew that deep down she was more concerned about the health of her little one.  At this point nothing else mattered.

I returned to my office feeling only marginally better than when I’d left.  That emotion went by the wayside when Kara caught me as I walked toward my office.  “We have a problem.”
Barely resisting the urge to roll my eyes, I took a deep breath.  After the day I’d been having so far, of course there would be another problem. “What’s going on?”  Maybe it would get my mind off Brent and his fans.
“Casey didn’t come in this morning.”
“So?”  I quirked a brow.  It wasn’t unusual for us not to see Casey for days.  She was a hard worker who took her job seriously.  She’d built up quite a bit of our client base and had no problem jumping from client to client without a break.
“So,” Kara replied.  “I needed a file from her office.  When I couldn’t get a hold of her, I dug out the key and went to her office.”  
The look on her face caused me pause. “And?”
“It’s empty.” 
I stopped mid-step as my concern ratcheted up a notch.  “What do you mean empty?”
“I mean empty, Shannon.  It’s just a desk and chair.  All her personal belongings are gone, along with some of our client files.”
My brow winged up and I changed direction, heading for Casey’s office.  Half expecting to be the victim of some stupid prank I flung open the door to Casey’s office and encountered emptiness.  Just as Kara described, Casey apparently vacated the place over the weekend.  She left no resignation, no note…nothing to explain her disappearance.  “Call the property management company-” I turned on my heel and quickly headed for my office.  Whatever was going on I was damn well going to get to the bottom of it.  “See if you can secure footage from the main security cameras.  Tell them we’ve had a theft in our office and need to review the cameras.”  I passed by my assistant Kelly’s desk.  “I want a lock smith in here this afternoon and I want new locks on all outside doors.  Collected everyone’s keys and issue replacements.  I also want to know if anyone has seen or spoke with Casey Bloomberg since close of work on Friday.”
“Yes, Shannon,” Kelly replied and picked up her phone.
I wasn’t completely sure what Casey was up to, but I was damn well going to find out.  
* * *
Check out my other titles available in Print and e-book.

Reckless Curves 3
Reckless Curves the Complete Collection

Rekindled
Breaking Boundaries
Northern Lights

Price of Love
Scars of Love
For more information on my books and upcoming releases check out my website 
www.siennastapleton.com
