
Copyright 2013 by Bethany Daniel

Smashwords Edition



Smashwords Edition, License Notes



This book is protected under the copyright laws of the United States of America. Any reproduction or other unauthorized use of the material or artwork herein is prohibited.



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Disclaimer: The persons, places, things, and otherwise animate or inanimate objects mentioned in this novel are figments of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to anything or anyone living (or dead) is unintentional. The author humbly begs your pardon. This is fiction.
 Thank you to Photos by AJC for the cover! (photosbyajc.weebly.com

Prologue
"Babe, let's go! I have to be to the theatre in 30 minutes!” Liam yelled from down the hall and I took one last look in the mirror and ran towards him grabbing my sweater along the way.
"Ok, ok....I'm ready! Are you nervous about tonight?" I asked him grabbing his hand and walking towards our little rundown car.
He took a deep breath as he fiddled with the keys in his pocket and opened each door. "I don't know. I mean, everyone is talkin' about the Hollywood scouts being in the audience tonight. It would be amazing to be noticed by them, you know? The theatre isn't horrible by any means," he smiled softly and started driving towards the theater. "But you can bet I'm going to do my damned best tonight."
I laugh and squeeze his hand. "You do great every night baby, that's why EVERYONE is always talking about you and why everybody keeps coming back to watch you over and over. I'm very proud of you, you know."
He flashed me a wide grin and we drove the rest of the way in silence. Once we arrived at the theater, Liam gave me one last kiss and looked towards the backstage. "Here goes nothing," he whispered and squeezed me tight.
"Good luck! Not that you need it." I smiled and waved at him and went to find my seat.
All around me people were buzzing about the Hollywood people being here. I didn't see anyone that really screamed Hollywood Exec to me, but I was positive they were somewhere with a great seat of the show.

Around an hour later, the show started and everyone sat riveted to the actors. I felt just as nervous as they did as I noticed them sneak a glance in the audience for the scouts. Liam really did do an even better job tonight then before if that was even possible.
After the show, I ran backstage and gave him a tight hug and quick kiss. "You did great babe!" I whispered in his ear as some people I didn't recognize moved through the crowd and stopped in front of us.
"Mr. Warren? I'm Mitchell Fallon, I'm a talent scout for Excite Entertainment of L.A and we would really like to talk with you,” he smiled and I felt Liam take a deep breath.
"Uh, yes sir, where would you like to talk?" He asked as he grabbed my hand.
"There's a meeting room down the hall. We can talk....privately," he muttered looking down at me like I was some kind of groupie.
I raised my eyebrow and smiled softly. "Mr. Fallon, I'm Liam's wife." I emphasized the last word and looked him in the eye. "I'm sure it would be ok for me to sit in on the conversation?"
"Oh...yes, of course," He nodded and walked ahead of us.
"Is this really happening?” Liam whispered leaning into me.
I giggled and nodded. "Uh-huh....I think it really is."

A couple months later, everything was happening in a whirlwind. There were contracts, photo shoots for head shots, interviews and script readings. It didn't take long for Liam to have a large entourage and for me to be pushed into the background often.
One night, Liam came home from yet another company hosted party, obviously trashed and I looked over at him shaking my head.
"Liam, what the heck is happening?” I asked tucking a loose strand of his hair back.
"What do you mean?” he slurred and flopped over on his back. "We're living the life baby!” He laughed and pulled a blanket up and over his face.
I gently pulled it down and looked down at him sadly. "What if I don't want this life? What if it’s just not what I pictured for our lives?"
He snorted and rolled over. "It's all part of the package baby, get used to it."

The very next night when I came home from doing some sight-seeing, I found our home overflowing with drunk women, and many of them hanging all over my husband. 
Not to mention a bunch of people standing around smoking and drinking who knows what.
"Liam Elliott Warren, what the hell is going on?!" I yelled storming through the room shoving half-dressed girls out of the way as I went.
"We're hosting a party! You know, rubbing elbows and all that," He smiled and took a sip of wine from his glass.
"Are you kidding me? You have women all over you right now...." I shook my head and started for the stairs.
"Where are you going, Katy?" He asked leaning against the couch.
Taking a deep breath, I wiped my eyes and looked directly at him. "To our room, and I'm going to pack a suitcase. If this "party" isn't over in the next couple of hours, I'm leaving. I can't do this."
"Baby, you know I love you, right?" He asked and took a step towards the stairs and motioned his arms around. "This is just business."
I sniffled and shook my head running to our room and started shoving my things into a large suitcase.

Several hours later, the music was still thumping, and girls were still giggling and I could hear Liam murmuring to them. He didn’t even bother to come and talk to me.
By the time I came out of the room around nine the next morning, the house was a disaster and there was a note on the table from Liam saying he had left for set to start filming.

So I did exactly what I told him I'd do. With tears streaming down my face, I turned his note over and wrote on the back 
"I'm leaving. I hope you have all the successes you've ever wanted. I won't be along for this crazy ride. Goodbye. Love, Katy"
With one final look around, I rubbed some tears away and walked out of Liam Warren's life.


Chapter 1
4 Years Later
"Oh my God, Liam Warren is so freaking hot!" My roommate and best friend Krista says in awe holding up one of those magazine pull out posters.
I laugh softly and nod. "Oh, he's something all right." I mutter and walk over to my bed.
She doesn’t know that Liam was my high school sweetheart, or that I was with him when he was discovered in that theatre and swept off to L.A. Or that I was, and technically still am, married to the man in her magazine. Things just didn’t go to the way they do in the movies for us.
There were women around him all the time and anytime I confronted him about it, he just said "It's part of the package, baby. Get used to it." But I never did. So I left him, and moved across the country. He tried to get a hold of me and my parents several times for a few months, but then gave up. So here I am, 24 years old and living in some dorms in college working towards a Psychology degree, and still legally married to a celebrity.
"Oh! Did you hear? Liam and Scott Adams are going to be over on the beaches filming that new movie! We can go and see them film! You HAVE to come with me Kate," She rambled on practically bouncing before she stopped to catch her breath.
I scrunch up my nose. "I don't think so, Krista. I have my own hot guy to ogle at when I want to."
"Ugh, Lucas, really? How do you keep dating him? He has such a bad reputation and you know you could do so much better, Kate."
"Hey, he treats me really great. We have fun together." I shrug and start for the door to head to class.
"Well, all the celebs are supposed to be flying in to town in the next couple days. Maybe some will wander over to campus sometime." She said with a twinkle in her eyes causing me to laugh.
"Keep on dreaming...they aren't really worth it." I whisper and walk out the door.
 
Sure enough, three days later while I was walking across campus with Lucas we saw a large group of girls huddled together giggling.
"What do you think that's all about?" He asks as he grabbed my hand. I look over past the crowd and see Liam's profile, his dark blonde hair all the way down his toned body to his tennis shoes. He hasn't changed at all.
I groan. "It's just um...those actors that are in town. Those girls are all star-struck.” I said hurriedly and try to rush on by them.
But the next voice I hear lets me know that I didn't move fast enough.
"Oh my God...Katy?" I hear Liam yell and I grip Lucas' hand tightly trying to just keep going.
“Is he talking to you, Kate?" Lucas leans down and whispers.
I shake my head. "Uh no...He probably knows a million girls around here.” I whisper back waving my hand to dismiss the thought.
 
Just as we're about to reach my dorm, we hear someone running behind us.
"Katelyn Marie Warren!" I hear Liam yell angrily and flinch.
Lucas pulls me behind him protectively. "Dude, I don't know what your problem is but you have the wrong girl. Her name is Kate Parker, not...whatever you just said.” He shook his head and looked back at me.
Liam laughs humorlessly. "Oh really? And who exactly are you?" He asks as he crosses his arms and turned his dark blue eyed gaze to me.
I take a deep breath and step in front of Lucas. "He's my boyfriend." I cross my own arms and glared across at him.
Liam smiles and steps forward extending his arm to Lucas. "Well, boyfriend...I'm the husband."
"What?!” Lucas yells and shoves his hand away. "What is he talking about, Kate?" he asks me.
 
I glare again at Liam and take a deep breath. "Husband in name only. We were young and stupid. He got discovered, ran off to L.A and had his pick of every beautiful woman that wanted to come fill his bed."
"I NEVER cheated on you, Katy!" He yells and looks behind him as a bodyguard and Scott walk over curiously.
I couldn't help but laugh, "Maybe you didn’t then, but since then? I've seen all your magazine covers, Liam! How many "girlfriends" or hell just one night stands have you had in the last four years? I'm not Katy Warren anymore. I'm just normal Kate Parker again. And I've moved on and just want to forget that I was ever married to someone like you!" I grab Lucas' hand and turn to go inside but before I know it Liam rushes over and grabs my arm forcing me to face him.
"How many men have you had, Katy? How many have you dated or had flings with since we've been separated? And a guy like this," he pointed at Lucas and shook his head, "You know your Mama must be so disappointed, you could do so much better."
That was all I could take, I slapped him. 
"Lucas is great, thank you very much. He’s never hurt me like you did, and the only one my Mama has ever been disappointed in is you! So please do me a favor and stay on your side of the country in L.A. And by the way," I start as I shove past him pulling Lucas with me. "I want a divorce!”


Chapter 2
After begging forgiveness from Lucas and promising to go on a date in a couple days, I storm into my room and slam the door.
"I am going to kill that stupid...jerk! Who does he thing he is, just waltzing up and criticizing him?!" I ramble while I start changing my clothes.
"Umm...what the heck has you so pissed off?" Krista asks me while ducking from clothes flying around.
I took a deep breath and decided to lay it all out. "Ok, you might want to sit down because I have a lot to tell you, and knowing you, you’re going to be totally freaked out.”
"Uh…ok," She quirked her eyebrow at me and quickly plopped down on her bed.
"Alright, so you know Liam Warren, right?" I ask her innocently.
"Duh!" She replies loudly and I resist the urge to laugh.
"He's kind of...my husband.” I whisper and bite my lip.
"WHAT?!” Krista yells and jumps up off her bed. 'How the hell is he "kind of" your husband Kate?!"
"Well, the short version of the story is that we grew up around each other, our moms are good friends. By the time we got to high school, we started liking each other. We fell in love blah blah blah, after we graduated, we eloped to Vegas. A year or so later, he was discovered and whisked off to L.A. He had all kinds of women throwing themselves at him and I couldn't deal with it and told him so. He expected me to just get used to it. So, one day while he was off filming, I packed all my stuff and left and went to the opposite side of the country, here. And up until now, haven't had to face him. And so, technically, we're still legally married.” I stopped to catch my breath and looked over at her.
"Oh my God, oh my God! You’re the one he used to talk about...Katy. I just thought he finally got divorced and moved on with all those other skanks....you’re really HIS Katy?” She looked at me bewildered.
I shrugged and sighed. "Guilty."
“Oh my God!” She said again and got up and started pacing.

"Yeah....so do me a favor, and keep me far away from anywhere they might be filming that stupid movie!” I fall back on my bed and cover my head with a pillow.
After a minute of silence she pulled it off me, "How does no one else know about this?” She asks and sits next to me.
“Because I didn't want them to, and I never wanted to have to be face to face with....him, ever again if I could help it, much less all the madness that comes with him.” I sigh and sit up rubbing my eyes. "Did you know that he had the audacity to ask me what I'm doing with Lucas?"
"Honey, I asked you the same thing!” She points out with a smirk.
"Yeah well...you’re different.” I smile softly and lean back. "I'm going to go to bed, and just try to forget he even exists."

The next day, I overslept and ended up being in a big hurry to get to my Psychology class. By the time I got there, some of my classmates were standing outside and giving me strange looks. The guys anyways, the girls looked downright mad.
"Umm…hey guys, what's up?” I asked nervously as I neared the door.
"Well uh....your husband is sitting at your table waiting for you.” One of the guys smirked and looked me up and down.
I stopped cold and backed up. "Excuse me?"
Liam walks up to the doorway and leaned against it, arms crossed and big smile on his face. I think those girls swooned.
"Hey baby....just thought I'd sit and spend some time with you while you’re in class today,” he ran a hand through his dirty blonde hair and looked back at the teacher. "Mr. Wallace already said it was ok. I told him that we just never get to see each other anymore."
"Are you freaking crazy?!” I ask and look in the classroom. "First off, you don't get to call me baby anymore, ok? And second, you can't think you can waltz back into my life. I told you, I want a divorce, so I can put all this behind me!"
He shakes his head and looked back at me. "No."
"No what?!” I asked confused and exasperated.
"No divorce. I refuse to give you a divorce. I'm not dating anyone. Never gotten even close to serious, and I still love you Katy. You don't get to just sign the dotted line and be rid of me. I refuse it!” He steps closer and I gulp. "You are mine, Katy Warren."
I felt a tear roll down my cheek and he reaches out to wipe it away. "Give me another chance baby, please,” he whispers and pulled out a picture of us wrapped up in each other at the theater shortly before he was discovered. "Give that Liam and Katy their chance,” he pleads.
I allowed myself to cry for a minute as I saw Lucas come around the corner. "Hey, what's going on, Kate?” He asked as he stepped up and pulled me into his arms and away from Liam.
Taking a deep breath, I just shake my head and lean it on his chest as I hold on to his arm. "Nothing....let's just get to class, ok?” I pull him to the door and take a last look at a sad looking Liam. "I...I can't be with you."
Mr. Wallace comes to stand at the door with his arms crossed. "Ready to join us Ms. Parker?"
I nod silently and turn to walk into class with just one last glance in his direction before shutting the door on everything Liam Warren.
 
By the time we walk out of class, there were already photographers swarming outside the building. I guess news travels fast.
"Mrs. Warren, what does your boyfriend think about being involved in an affair with THE Liam Warren's wife?” One of the photographers yelled.
“Did you run away from your marriage, Kate? What are you doing in Wilmington Island?” Another yells as he brings his camera up to start snapping pictures.
I groan. “Oh you have got to be kidding me!” I grab Lucas' hand and start running.
"How the hell are they allowed to just hang around here?” Lucas asks as we finally got into my dorm and slammed the door.
I just shake my head and sigh. "I don't know. I guess it’s the whole freedom of press thing to them or something. Look...Luke, I'm really so sorry about all this."
He squeezes my hand and smiles softly. "No worries....now that you've kind of been forced to face things with him, you can get a divorce finalized and finally write him out of your life."
I took a deep breath and force a smile on my face. "Yeah...here's hoping. Hey, uh...after I get my homework and stuff done, would you want to go out to that club in town?” I ask him hopefully. I need something to get my mind off all this mess. What better way than to go dancing and just be able to blank out my mind with my boyfriend?
"Sure, I'll get you around 8?” He asked and leaned on the wall.
"Sounds great,” I told him and gave him one last long kiss before walking into my room where Krista was pacing around and when she noticed me she bites her lip and points to a large envelope and a huge bouquet of flowers on my desk.
"What the heck is all that?” I asked her curiously and sit on my bed.
"Some treats from your hunky hubby!” She giggled bouncing on the balls of her feet.
I shake my head and pick up the flowers. "These can go in the trash..."
She gasps and put her hand on her chest. "You would dare throw away flowers personally from Liam Warren?!"
I laughed and nodded. "It wouldn't be the first time...unless you want them?” I ask and reach them out to her.
“Do you even have to ask?” She smiles as she snatches them out of my hands and put them on her desk next to her pictures, pink stickers and other knick knacks, oohing and aahing over the calla lilies.
Shaking my head, I decide to open the big envelope he sent. Inside I find a blown up picture of us at the wedding chapel in Vegas and sigh. We were so young and thought nothing would ever be able to break us apart. Love is supposed to stand up to anything right? Closing my eyes to the memory, I shove the envelope under my bed; those people just don’t exist anymore.
Chapter 3
By the time 7:30 rolled around, I was antsy to go out with Lucas. I just keep staring at the flowers that now take up residence on Krista's desk and just keep getting madder and madder. I get myself all ready to go just as I hear knocking at the door. I smile to myself knowing that Lucas liked to be right on time.
But when I got to the door and open it, it wasn't Lucas standing there. Instead, there in a dark hoodie and sunglasses, stands Liam with a big smile on his face. "Oh you have got to be kidding me!” I mutter and went to slam the door in his face but he reaches his arm out to stop me and steps inside the room. Glancing around the hall quickly, I shut the door and turn to face him.
"What the heck do you think you’re doing here Liam?” I ask crossing my arms and leaning against the door.
"Oh you know...I had a break in filming and thought I'd come and visit these um...lovely dorms,” he smirks looking around the room and frowns seeing the flowers on Krista's side. "Those weren't for her, you know."
I shrug and check my watch. "I know, I didn't want them....and Krista, who by the way will be back in like five minutes, is just so "in love" with you and was just too happy to take the flowers out of my hands.” I smile and put my hands on hip.
Grumbling he walked a little closer. "You are impossible Katy! What do I have to do to prove to you that I want you?!”
“For the last time, I'm just Kate now. Not Katy, ok? And you don't have to prove anything, because I don't care!” I yell and then squeak when he grabs me and kisses me holding me tightly against him.
I allowed myself to give into him for a moment as the door knob turns and in walked Krista rubbing her hair dry with a towel and Lucas right on her heels.

"OH MY GOD, IT'S LIAM WARREN!” Krista screams as I pull myself away in a hurry and took a giant step back looking quickly over at Lucas.
"Lucas, I-,” I start to take a step towards him but he put his hand up to stop me.
"No...I get it Kate. How can I stand a chance against a movie star?” He smiles sadly and walks out again.
I cover my face with my hands and peek over at Krista who was completely star-struck. So not how I wanted tonight to go.

Clearing my throat I step towards her and take a deep breath. "Krista Quinn, I believe you know who he is,” I point towards Liam. "Liam Warren, this is my roommate and best friend, Krista Quinn."
He puts on his big dazzling movie star smile and reaches his arm out. "It’s very nice to meet you Krista Quinn."
She squealed and shook his hand while practically melting into a puddle.
"N-nice to meet you L-Liam,” she stammers and steps back attempting to fix her shower-wet hair.
He nods at her politely and looks over me. "We really need to talk about this Katy.” He spares a quick glance in Krista's direction.
"Oh, right...I'll just grab my brush and hair dryer and go use Brittney's room, she's hardly there anyway.” She quickly recovers herself, grabs her things and makes a bee line for the door.
Taking a deep breath to collect my thoughts, I sit on the edge of my bed and nervously rub my hands together.
"Alright...start talking."

He sits down next to me and lightly puts his hand on my knee. "You have no idea how many times I've thought about this moment. Seeing you again, and being able to confront you about everything that happened...” he starts and grabs my hand.
"Liam...” I tried to stop him but he shakes his head. "No, hear me out, ok? I thought when I saw you again, I would be pissed and take it out on you. But I think over the last four years that I've kicked, punched, drunk and destroyed that anger. So I'm at a place now that I can just sit here, hold your hand and ask you. Why? Why did you leave the way you did, Katy?” He asks me softly and looks up into my eyes.

I bite my lip to keep the tears I could feel starting to build at bay. "I couldn't handle it. All those women flaunting themselves and throwing themselves on you, barely dressed, I might add. And that night....at the party, you didn't seem to care where I was involved. It was like I became invisible and when I talked to you, you blew me off because it was business. It was then that I felt like I lost the man I loved.” I whispered and looked down where our hands were entwined. “That night, when I threatened to leave, I thought you would go out of your way to come talk to me, let me know we were ok and that Hollywood wasn’t getting the best of you.” I look down as I take a deep breath, “But you didn’t.” I glance over at him, “And I didn’t want to wait around until you woke up and realized how far you pushed me away.”
He blows out a breath and squeezes my hand tightly. "It nearly destroyed me when I found that note. I tried your cell, your mom's phone and even your brother's. No one would tell me a word about where you went. I even went home myself at one point, and then had my mom asking your mom questions. You know your mom can't ever stop going on and on where you and Derek are concerned,” he smiles and bumps my shoulder. "Over the years, I've found out small details about your life....all but where the heck you wound up. So tell me....how did you end up in Georgia of all places?” He asks leaning back. I turn toward him as I moved my legs around and wrap my arms around my knees.

"Well....I knew you would be in L.A. So I wanted to be far away from that madness. I did go home for a little bit, but made everyone swear to not let anyone connected to you know I was there. I think I cried for a week straight....” I bite my lip and look over at him out of the corner of my eye. "After I kind of mourned the end of everything as I knew it, I decided I needed to figure out who I was again. I decided to go back to school. Looked around online, found a reputable school in a small town....so, here I am.” I shrug and took a good look around the dorm room. "I left Katy Warren behind when I came here....became the quiet Kate Parker, and no one has a clue what a crazy life quiet little Kate had before she landed here."
Liam smiles softly and reaches over squeezing my hand. "Sounds like you could give me a run for my money; you must be one heck of an actress, Katy."
I laugh and shake my head. "Hardly…just very shy around a bunch of new people, a new state and city and everything else. The few times I do go home, it's almost like I'm living someone else's life. Things there are all interconnected to our life together....and I...just can't handle all the reminders." I whisper the last part and look down to where our fingers are now wrapped together.
He squeezes my hand lightly and tilts my head up so I’m looking up at him, "I want there to be a life together again, Katy. No more of this nonsense." He motions around the room. "You belong with me."
I take a deep breath and bit my lip. "Liam, part of me wants that more than anything..."
"But?” He asks and raises an eyebrow.
"But....I don't know if I could live like that. Be the object of millions of photographers, in magazines and all that craziness. That's just not who I am." I untangle our hands and stood up stalking over to look out the window. "How the heck can you sneak around like this anyway? Don't you have millions of fan girls trailing you all day?" I ask with a smirk.
He walks up behind me and puts his arms on either side barricading me to the spot as he presses against me. "You’re changing the subject, Katy," he whispers in my ear and I take a deep breath.
"N-No I'm not...." I stutter out and try to push him back a bit.
He laughs brushing a kiss by my ear and steps back. "M-hm...So, what do I have to do? Whisk you away on a romantic weekend? Get on your best friends good side? And by the way, by the way she acted I don't think that will take much doing..." He smiles and sits on the edge of my bed.
I laugh softly and shake my head as I cross my arms, “No, you have to get on MY good side again, Liam. This isn’t like a movie where you just jump back where we left off and everything’s “Happily Ever After”. You’re going to have to really make an effort at this.”
He puts on his killer grin popping off the bed and pulling me into his arms, nuzzling his nose up my neck, smiling as I shiver and whispers into my ear, “Challenge accepted.”

Chapter 4
Shortly after Liam left; Krista came barreling into the room and squeals as she grabs my arm. "Ok you better spill Kate Parker....um, Warren, whatever the hell your name is, and spill it all! What the heck just happened in here?!"
I take a breath and sit where Liam was moments before on the edge of my bed. "Well...I don't know for sure. I think....I kind of agreed to maybe try and work things out with my husband." I mumble and look over at her.
"Oh...my...God!" She was literally bouncing at this point. "Does this mean we get to see more of him and his sexy co-stars?" She asks with a twinkle in her eyes.
I laugh and shrug. "I guess so. I mean, he does have a job to do and we do have our school stuff and..." Before I could say another word she was beside me on my bed and gripping my arm.
"Liam Warren and one Scott Adams are way more important to me then midterm exams, Kate. You must know that by now," she says with a wide grin that seemed to be contagious.
Laughing, I shake my head and take a big breath. "I don't know what to think, Kris. He used to be everything....I mean he was more important to me than anything else in the world." I sighed and looked up at her. "But now, he's like the center of everyone else's world. How can I measure up to that?”
Krista frowns and grabs my hand. "Kate, I think that man loves you. Otherwise, he wouldn't be going through all of this to get you back.”

Taking a deep breath, I nod and stand up. "Well, now I think I owe Luke an apology."
"I think he gets it Kate. You and Luke have a thing now, or well, you did..." She trails off and I scrunch up my nose. "But you and Mr. Liam Warren have a history; I mean you’re MARRIED to the man for crying out loud!"
"Yes...yes that's all true. But I think my conscience would at least feel a little better if I get the chance to say I'm sorry."
She sighs and waves her hand in the air. "If you must....let the boy down easy," Krista smiles softly and I lean over to hug her.
"Thank you.” I whisper.
"For what?" She asks confused as she pulls back.
"For being my best friend, and even though you like, love my husband...or the idea of who he is anyway....for not freaking out about it." I smile and squeeze her hand as I walk towards the door.
I could hear her laughing as she plops down on her bed. "Of course....I'm Krista Quinn, major fan girl, yes....but I know when to step back and be there for my girl."
I laugh along with her and wave walking out the door to track down Luke.

Taking a quick glance around to make sure there weren't any lingering paparazzi, I step out of my dorm and start the walk across campus to Luke's dorms. I have a nauseous feeling as I walk, I hate confrontation and I don't know if he'll even open the door for me after all this.
Biting my lip as I finally approach the dorm building, I step inside and hurry down the hall past guys with towels around their waists stopping to leer at me and drunken couples making out against the wall make me cringe.
"Here goes nothing." I mutter as I approach the door and knock three times before taking a step back.
I hear some furniture being shoved around and Luke cursing and finally the lock turning as he yanks the door open and glares down at me. "Kate...or I guess its Katy, right?” He gives a grim smile and I close my eyes.

"Lucas, things don't have to be like this," I start but he puts his hand up to stop me.
"Ya know, I've always been the one with the reputation of breaking up and breaking hearts and all that stuff....but then I met you, Kate.” He stops and takes a long drink of his beer. "And I thought I could see a real future with us, and I didn't feel the itch of getting out of the relationship. But then...then he walked back into your world, and shoved me right out of it."
"I...I didn't want things to be like this Luke. I lo-..." I bite my lip and look down at the floor. "I like you a lot, we click and as much as I hoped for this to be so much more than I can give you now....I want us to find a way to at the very least be friends again, can we do that?" I ask hopefully and take a glance at all the people also in the hallway oblivious to us.
He takes another drink of the beer and rubs his eyes tiredly. "I don't know right now Kate, ok? Right now, I want to be drunk and miserable and not have to repeat the memory of you kissing Mr. Rich and Famous." And then slammed the door in my face.
"I guess I deserve that." I say softly and start my way down the hallway and out of his dorm with my head down.
"Katy...Katy Warren!" I hear a feminine voice yell and look over confused.
"Um, can I help you?" I ask crossing my arms over my middle.
She gets a small smile on her face as she saunters over and gets up close to me. "Mmm...I don't think you can. But I thought I would help you, sweetie. I'm Alexia Dalton....one of your husband's co-stars. I just thought you'd like to know that Excite has hired some very…exciting entertainment for the boys tonight. Scantily clad women, lap dances, all the alcohol they want and an empty hotel room to stumble into with them if they so please. And believe me, I know Liam and his friends do so please to take advantage of that," she said with a giant smile, “You don’t know his as well I do, now do you?”
I took a breath and looked her in the eye. "Look, I don’t even know you, Alexia. You don’t know me either. Why should I believe you, why are you even telling me this?”
She shrugged and laughed lightly. "Oh I don't know....I was Liam's flavor of the month for a while, and I know just how much fun rolling around with that boy is...and I also know it hurts like hell when he throws you away like you’re nothing" her voice hardened as she waved and started walking towards her fancy sports car.

“Wait!” I yell at her retreating back.
She turns around with an arched brow, “Yes?”
“Why do you care? What does us trying to figure this thing out matter to you?”
She steps closer narrowing her eyes and the anger in her voice when she speaks again surprises me, “Because I am Liam’s NOW. You are his past, all history. Sometimes sweetheart, history is better left as just that. Do yourself a favor; you don’t belong at his side anymore. I do,” she glares at me before turning on her heel and sauntering into her car.
Before she’s even driven away I can feel the start of tears on my cheeks.


Chapter 5
By the time I get back to my dorm room, I’m just plain mad. I just want to start throwing everything around. How can I let Liam back into my world so easily? Who am I kidding? He's had who knows how many beautiful, perfect Hollywood women at his beck and call. And UGH...Alexia Dalton is just perfect. Perfectly blond styled hair and make-up, compared to my plain brown hair that flops just past my shoulders and plain Jane face, why does Liam want back with me when he can have someone like her? She's probably better for his career.
"Ugggh," I groan as I plop down on my bed and start punching my pillow over and over again.
"What's your problem?" Krista asks me with an eyebrow raised.

"Liam...and his Hollywood women, Hollywood drama and all that comes with it!"
"Ok...what happened between here, and Luke's place that changed your lovey dovey thoughts?”
I force myself to calm down a notch and turn over on my side to look at her. "Alexia Dalton happened." I grumble and cover my face.
"Alexia Dalton? Like, THE Alexia Dalton who played Melissa on The Windsor House with Liam?" She had that star struck glitter in her eyes again.
Narrowing my eyes at her I nod. "Yeah, I'm guessing so. She's also apparently his former flame, and she hasn't forgotten about it. She came to tell me that Liam and his buddies are having some big get together with barely clothed women tonight, and he’s been known to thoroughly enjoy himself. She acts like I’m some huge threat to her!”
"Oh honey, I'm sorry. But maybe you should wait and talk to him? She kind of sounds like a jealous biotch." she smirked over at me.
"I don't know, why should I trust him anymore? We haven't been together in four years; he could be a totally different guy that could care less what I think about where he's off at night." I frown and glance at the envelope that holds our picture in it from the night we got married. "We were really young when we got married and...."
"Stop right there, Katelyn Parker-Warren." Krista says sternly and I sit up to look at her. "Don't let some skank ruin your marriage, or what's left of it ok?" She demands and comes to sit next to me. "You deserve to be happy, Kate. I saw how comfortable you looked with Liam and I think there's still a tiny spark at the very least left there. Don't pour water on it until you talk with him."
I frown again and hug her tight. "When did you get so good at relationship advice?"

She laughs and shrugs. "I've just seen my fair share of crash and burn relationships and I don't want my best friend to go through that." she smiles softly and pats my leg. "Now tomorrow, Mrs. Warren, we are going to that movie set, Alexia Dalton or not, and you are going to have a good chat with that husband of yours....and I'm going to meet Scott Adams." she tells me with a triumphant smile and I find myself laughing.
"Whatever you say, Krista, if they let us in in the first place." I say with a shrug.
"Of course they will, you’re the star's wife. He can fire them for looking at you wrong." she shrugs and goes back to her bed and climbs under her covers.
I laugh again and change quickly and climb under my covers. "We'll see....maybe you can get a little more than friendly with Scott." I smile at her giant grin.
"Oooh, now you’re talking!" She giggles and I pull the covers tighter around me.
"Goodnight, Kris," I whisper and flick the lamp switch off.
“Night sweetie,” she calls back and we both drift off to dreams of Hollywood celebrities.

The next day is the start of the weekend so we don't have to worry about class and Krista informs me that we need to get ourselves all primped and "looking good" before we drive to the movie set.
"I really don't think this is necessary, Krista." I grumble as he throws yet another outfit at me to try on. "This skirt is way too short!”
"Um, that's kind of the point, hun." She smirks and comes out of the bathroom in her own barely there skirt and tight halter top.
"See, you have the body for all that." I point out and grab a pair of jean shorts and a cute t-shirt from the pile on the floor. "I have the body for these." I hold them out to show her before stepping over to put them on.
She grumbles a bit but rolls her eyes and gives a nod of approval. "Fine...but I get to do something to your hair and makeup, and no griping about it."
"Fine, whatever," I sigh and sit down letting her do her magic to me.
"There." she says about 20 minutes later with a satisfied smirk. "Perfect....now let's go!" she jumps up grabbing her car keys and practically drags me out the door.
Driving towards the beaches, I anxiously tap my fingers on the side of the door while I look out the window.
"I don't get why you’re so nervous, Kate. This is going to be fun! Visit with some hotties, and then wherever they don't have it barricaded in, we can lie out for a while." Krista said with a smile.
"Yeah...fun, with my estranged husband, and his possible mistress...or whatever she is to him." I shook my head as we pulled up to a very packed parking area.
"Whoa..." Krista muttered and shook her head. "I didn't think there would this this many people here."

"Look, this was a bad idea...let’s just find a different part of the beach to hang out or something." I suggested but Krista gave me a quick glare in answer.
"Oh, no ma'am....we're getting in there, and we're using yours and your husband’s name to do it!" she got out of the car in a hurry and slammed the door and I slowly got out of my side and am quickly dragged through the crowd by my best friend.
"So sorry, excuse us!" I yell out quickly as we get some very dirty looks and gestures.
"Oh, hello," I hear Krista use her extra sweet southern voice and see a big bodyguard looking guy. "My name is Krista Quinn, and this is Kate...err Katy Warren” she informs him and pulls me in front of her and settles her hands on my shoulders. "I'm sure you’re aware that Katy here is Mr. Liam Warren's wife?" she asks with a raised eyebrow.
The bodyguard gets a smug smile and looks down at us. "Uh-huh...along with about 20,000 other girls hanging out in the parking lot sweets."
I fold my arms and glare at the guy. "Right....but I bet none of them can tell you the day we got married, where we got married, and the date that I left him in his L.A mansion."
With that he starts speaking into his microphone and a few minutes later, I see a somewhat unwelcome familiar face.
"Oh...Seth, she is the real Mrs. Warren," Mitchell Fallon says with a sneer.
“So nice to see you again, Mr. Fallon," I tell him with a tight smile.
"Yes, very nice indeed" he nods and motions for us to follow him.

Krista squeezes my arm with excitement and I smile softly. At the very least, I'm doing this for her. She's obsessed with this imaginary life; a few signatures will make her day, if not her whole year.
"Mr. Warren." Mitchell clears his throat. "You might want to add them to your approved visitors list before they just show up unannounced next time."
Liam looks over confused and then gets a big grin on his face. "Katy! I can't believe you came." He runs over and hugs me tight and looks over at Krista. "Nice to see you again, Ms. Quinn."
Krista just beams and nods, “Please, just Krista."
He laughs and squeezes me again. "Right. What are you girls doing here?" He asks and leans down to whisper in my ear, "And why the hell are your shorts so short?"
I shiver slightly and smile. "That's Krista's doing." I smirk, “You don’t like them?” I tease but pull back as I notice Alexia practically skipping over and pushing me aside to wrap her arms around Liam’s middle.

"Oh Liam, honey....I couldn't wait to come see you." she purrs and rubs against him.
Liam's jaw clenches and he pushes her back, "Alexia, we've been over this." He growls at her.
She puts on a seductive smile and looks me up and down. "Oh I know honey, and I even went to all the trouble to go tell your wife here all about the company you kept last night, and your favorite form of entertainment with them. Isn't that just so sweet of me? Women scorned sticking together and all that?" She gives him a hard stare and smiles wickedly at me. "Right, Katy?"

I take a deep breath and glance between the two of them. "You know what? You want him so bad, you can have him." I quickly turn, pushing through the crowd and break into a run until I feel an iron grip on my arm and am quickly shoved up against the closest wall and stare up into Liam’s very angry face.
"You are NOT leaving me again. I don't care if you’re pissed, or if some lying evil bitch of a woman is trying to plant lies in your head, I will do everything in my power to prove to you that I’m not the Hollywood playboy that everyone thinks I am. I don’t want Alexia, Katy. I only want you!”
Closing my eyes, I take a deep calming breath and run my hands through his hair. "She came to me last night....told me about the women, and alcohol and waiting hotel rooms the studio was providing for you....then seeing her all over you like that, I just-....it brought up bad memories." I whisper and lean my head against his.
He lets out a breath and kisses me softly and holds me tight. "You have to trust me baby. This is my crazy, out of control world, but your part of it, and you are going to be for the rest of my life and I promise you, I'm going to do all I can to show my love and earn your trust again, ok?" He asks me and looks down into my eyes and I nod.
"Ok."

When we walk back over to where everyone else seems to be congregating, Krista is shamelessly flirting with Scott Adams and I roll my eyes as I grab Liam's hand.
"Ugh...sorry about that, she thinks he's reeaally cute, and those are her exact words." I said with a smile and squeezed his hand.
He laughs and shrugs pulling me closer to him, "Doesn't look like he's minding too much, babe. He's eating right out of her hand."
I laugh and look over at my best friend. She is most definitely star struck. But she's happy and Scott seems like a nice enough guy.
"I'm going to go rescue him so that you can get to work." I smile softly and pull back.
"Do you have to?" Liam pouts and tries to sneak a kiss but I step back giggling.
"Uh-huh...none of that Mister," I stick my tongue out and walk over and tap Krista on the shoulder. "You know, they kind of have a job to do, Kris." I whisper by her ear.

She sighs and nods. "It was...totally awesome to get to talk with you Scott." She puts on her biggest flirty smile that he returns and runs a hand through his dark wavy hair.
"Yes, it was, Krista....please, come back with her more often. Having someone I'm actually attracted to as pretty as you to see during my scenes will make my day so much better." He winks and kisses her cheek before walking away and I think Krista is pretty much a puddle.
"Oh my gosh," she says softly and puts her hand over the spot on her cheek and turns wide eyed to me. "He kissed my cheek! Scott Adams, really just kissed my cheek!"
I giggle at her and start tugging her away, "Yes, he did....and now we can go find a free spot of beach to go lay out on."
She lets out a dreamy sigh with one last glance where the crew is setting up a scene and nods. "Ok....if we must."
"We must." I pull her over to Liam and lean up to kiss him. "Have a good day, try to not incite the wrath of Ms. Dalton, hm?"
He snarls and shakes his head. "I try, believe me, I try." he sneaks one last quick kiss and looks between Krista and I. "So, what are you two up to today?"
"We are going to try and find a spot that you guys haven't taken over on the beach and sunbathe." Krista smiles and links her arm with mine.
I notice Liam's eyebrows dart up and he crosses his arms. "Oh really? I’m guessing you have swimsuits on under those barely there outfits?"
We both grin and I wink at him. "Of course, bikinis....what else?"
He narrows his eyes and steps closer. "I don't want a bunch of college frat guys leering at you."
"Yeah well, I don't want millions of women all over the world ogling at you, but I don't get a say in that." I give him one last defiant look and turn to leave towing Krista behind me.

Chapter 6
Once we were back in the car and heading farther down the beach, Krista looked over at me and smirked. "You really know how to bait that boy, don't you?"
I laughed and shrug. "It's going to take a lot for me to adjust to all this....madness. I mean, he can't even step outside of a building without being bombarded, how can we go on a date?"

As she pulls into the parking lot she shrugs and looks over at me. "Order in, or make him have someone send in catering....he has four years of making up to do, sweetie." She smiles and we both get out and head towards the more secluded part of the beach where there isn't a million people running around at.
"That he does..." I sigh and take off my tank top and lay back on my towel. "But I kind of do to, ya know? That point of our lives....our marriage, was craziness. We thought him having a career in Hollywood was going to be this big amazing step and obviously, it was, because look where he is now....but it blew us apart in the process." I frown and look over at her. "What if we can't make it work? What if this can't be fixed?"
"What if, what if, what if," Krista says with a wave of her hand. "You never know until you try, right? Obviously, you can't be on the run from him forever, you had to of been meant to run into each other again here." she adjusts her sunglasses and lays back.
I bite my lip and close my eyes soaking in the sun for what feels like hours lost in my own thoughts until I hear a group of people walking by and hear the distinct clicking of cameras that causes me to bolt up.
"Oh, come on!" I mutter and nudge Krista. "We got to go, now!" I whisper and shove my shirt over my head in a hurry and start packing our towels into the tote bag we brought along.

She leisurely sits up rubbing her eyes and frowns. "What? Why? We've only been here a little while...you can't be getting burnt already, Kate."
I roll my eyes and pull her up. "That is why!" I point over my shoulder where some photographers are trying to be inconspicuous blending in with some large groups snapping away at every angle as we move around.

"Oh my gosh, do you think I'll end up in a magazine?!" Krista beams at me and I roll my eyes.
"Really? Let’s go!" I grab her arm and we run towards her car and quickly shove our things inside and start the drive out of the thickly crowded parking lot.
"Ok....I see your point about the craziness." Krista says and looks in the rearview mirror.
"Yeah...." I sigh softly and look in the side mirror by my window. "I guess there's good reason celebrities have bodyguards and all that."

"No kidding....and honey, I think you are officially in the "celebrity" category now." She looks quickly at me and back at the road.
Shaking my head, I bite my lip and steal another quick glance out the window. "But I'm not a celebrity; I'm just married to one."
"I don't think that matters to them, sweetie....as far as their concerned you and anyone in your life are fair game. I think you’re going to have to ask Liam about a bodyguard, or the very least, a security detail of some kind," she says as we pull back into our dorm parking lot.
"Great." I mutter and rub my hands over my face as we run inside. "What have I gotten myself into?" I ask softly.
"A big mess....but one that your husband will be the center of as long as he's Hollywood's hot meat.” Krista smirks as she plops down on her bed.
"No getting out of this one, huh?” I ask as I lean on the door.
She shakes her head and smiles softly at me. "Nope, not this time Mrs. Warren."

Later, as I'm getting ready for bed, my phone starts ringing. No sooner have I picked it up that I hear Liam cursing in my ear and it takes me a second to process what he's saying.
"Whoa...whoa, slow down. What?” I ask and lean back on my pillows.
"What the hell happened today?” he asks angrily.
I raise an eyebrow and glance at Krista. "What are you talking about?"
"The beach!” He practically yells and I flinch.
"How in the world do you know about that?” I ask confused.
He laughs humorlessly. "Oh, I don't know. Just about all the gossip mags have pictures of you girls in your barely there bikinis on the beach."
I feel my mouth drop open. "There was only like three guys there though..."
"Doesn't matter, they must have shared them with their buddies."
"Well, I can't very well control what those people do, Liam!"
"No, but you can damn well control where you go, Katy."
"Why are you getting mad at me?! I'm not going to hide for the rest of my life."
I hear him take a deep breath and let it out. "I know, I know, ok? But you being out among all those vultures really put me in a bad place. I could tell in the pictures you were freaking out, Katy. And I hate that I wasn't there to at the very least shield you from them."
I take a breath and smile softly. "I'm fine, ok? They surprised me, I figured they'd be camped out watching you guys film or whatever and we wouldn't be a blip on their radar....but I guess I'm a big blip now, huh?"
"Yeah...and I want to have security with you 24-7."
“Liam, really that's not necessary...."
"Oh yes it is. Those people don't care about the person; they only care about the picture. And I'm not going to let my wife be injured, or worse, because they want to keep a camera your face and put you at risk."
"This is one of those arguments that's just going to go round and round isn't it?” I ask dryly and pull my covers over my legs.
"You bet, babe....expect for a security advisor to meet up with you, and if Scott has his way, one for Krista too tomorrow."
Well that caught my attention. "Wait, back up a minute. Scott is hiring security for Krista?"
He lets out a huff and continues, "He seems really taken with her, honestly. He usually avoids the girls that dote on him other than signing and autograph here and there, but Krista really talked to him. About normal things, not interview questions."
"Hmm,” I hum softly and sneak a peek over at Krista's sleeping form. "I'm sure she'll be ecstatic to hear this turn of events in the morning. Except for the security detail being attached part anyway."
"Yeah well, we want you girls protected and safe. That's all there is to it."
I sigh and snuggle down into my blankets and yawn, "Yeah, ok....I'll learn to ignore them, I guess."
I can almost hear him smile. "Good girl....goodnight baby."
"Good night, Liam.

Chapter 7
The following morning before the alarm even went off for class; Krista and I were rudely awoken by a pounding on our door.
I hear Krista grumble and I try throwing a pillow over my head to block out the noise.
"Mrs. Warren, Ms. Quinn...we're with Raden Security on behalf of Mr. Warren and Mr. Adams.” a deep voice says through the door and I frown.
"Oh, right, the security thing. Umm, just one minute, please!” I pop up and nudge Krista awake. "Ok so long story short, Liam hired security for me, and Scott has hired security for you because apparently he really liked you after your little chat, so we have about five minutes to get up and dressed and let those guys in before they call and tell the guys we're being uncooperative,” I smile softly at her confused expression and start grabbing for my jeans and t-shirt and see Krista slowly do to the same.
"Ok, I'm kind of lost, but I'm just gonna play along for now, k?" Krista says tiredly as she goes over and opens the door.

Two heavily muscled men walk in and nod politely at the both of and start scouting around the room.
Krista steps closer to me and whispers, "What exactly are they doing?"
"Umm, I think making sure it's "safe" in here.” I whisper back as they come back to stand beside us.
"Mrs. Warren, Ms. Quinn, my name is Eric Ronan and this will be my partner, Nate Wyatt.” He reaches his hand out and we each take turns shaking it and then Nate's.
"As you know ma’am’s, Mr. Warren and Mr. Scott have hired us to be your protection.” Nate states and motioned for us to sit so we did. "We will be around you 24-7, you just might not always see us. Don't panic if we aren't in sight, if anything were to happen we will stabilize the situation and get you to safety immediately."
"Ok...what about times when Krista and I aren't together?” I ask and look between them. "Like, when we have class and stuff like that?"
"I will be going into class with you, Mrs. Warren. And Nate will be with you, Ms. Quinn. It's likely we will pose as a new student added into your class so the teachers won't be aware of anything different going on.” Eric tells us and I notice Krista try to stifle a laugh.
"Really? You guys are like massive....you’re going to have all the girls wanting to hang all over you!” Krista blurts out and I have to put my hand over my mouth to keep from laughing along with her.
I notice Nate smirk for a second before his face goes back to being completely serious. "We will have no interest in persons other than you while we are on campus. You can be assured of that Ms. Quinn."
She smiles softly and looks over at me. "We seriously have bodyguards. How freaking cool is that?"
I scrunch up my nose and shrug. "I don't know if "Cool" is the word I would pick for it...no offense to you guys...anyway, what's going to happen? I mean, do we just go about our usual business?"
"Yes ma'am.” Eric pipes in. "If for some reason we are separated, and you feel in danger, we will give you our cell phone numbers and we will have a phrase to say to know that you are in trouble. Something like "I had to stop at the grocery store; I'm near-fill in the blank- right now” something that doesn't scream out what's going on."
Krista frowns and scoots closer to me. "This is all really serious, isn't it? Are we really in that much danger? I mean a couple guys with cameras and love struck fans can't be that crazy, right?"
Nate leans his elbows on his knees and nods. "Yes, Ms. Quinn, they can, especially those few women who truly believe that they have a shot at the celebrity and will find a way to track down the person who is in the way namely, the two of you."
I frown slightly and look down at the floor. So much can change in such a short amount of time. Can this really be my life?
"Ok.” I take a deep breath and glance over at Krista. "Thank you for coming to talk to us. Now, if you don't mind, we have to get ready for class now.” I give a small smile to them and stand up.
"We will step out in the hall and be ready to follow you.” Nate tells us as they both take another look around the room and step out into the hallway.

"Wow....just, wow.” Krista says shaking her head. "We're like, very important people now, huh?"

Laughing as I shove my books into my bag, I shrug. "Sure looks like it, doesn't it?"
"You can say that again.” She mutters as she grabs her bag. "Did I really make that much of an impression on Scott?” She looks over at me thoughtfully.
I smile and loop my arm through hers. "I really think so, what did you talk to him about anyways?"

She shrugs as we step out. Eric and Nate have already done the disappearing act apparently. Probably better that way.
"Normal stuff, what’s his favorite food, what's his favorite place to just zone out, what's his idea of a romantic date.” She smiles softly at that and I see more than just the star struck girl that I thought she was before.
"You really like him as more than just an actor, don't you?” I ask tilting my head to the side as we near the building both of our classes are in.
With a thoughtful look on her face we step into the building. "I think I do, Kate. I really do. We got to talk for a while when you and Liam were off having your...discussion.” she raises an eyebrow at me and I feel myself blush. "He asked me about me too, like he was really interested and not just trying to be polite,” she shrugs and bites her lip. "Time will tell, I guess."
"That it will...he'll be lucky to have you if he so chooses. And I'll kick his butt if he ends up hurting you too!"
We both laugh at that and Krista puts her hand on my arm. "I'll do the same to Liam if he ends up breaking your heart again Kate. He may be a nice piece of man candy to stare at on the big screen, but if it comes down to it, I'll kick that boys’ butt for hurting my best friend."
I smile and hug her. "I love you, Kris. You’re the best, best friend ever"
"I know, and I love you too.” She smiles as she pulls back and darts her eyes around. "Do you think their around somewhere?"
"Eric and Nate? It's likely"
She nods and takes a breath. "Well, I'm going to be late, see you later!"
"Ok, see you later.” I wave and walk down the hall to my class and stop inside the doorway when I see Eric sitting in a desk in the back corner.
Shaking my head, I nod slightly at him and go to my desk in the front. I guess this really is the start of a new life.

Chapter 8
Later that night as I'm reading over some history notes, my phone rings and I smile seeing Liam's name on the screen.
"Hey there, movie star.” I answer and close my journal.
"Hey yourself, beautiful...um, what are you and Krista doing tonight?"
I cock an eyebrow and look over at her. "Uh not much, just studying a little bit, why?"
"Well, Scott and I thought it would be nice for us to all...go on a double date.” He replies sounding nervous and I let out a laugh.
"Tonight? Is that really smart?” I ask curiously and start glancing around for clothes that could be considered "Date worthy"
"We have bodyguards, remember? And where we going, we don't have to worry anyway."
"And where exactly will we be going? And what should we wear?"
"A private club, private room for us and any special guests and there'll be a bouncer on top of our own security. As for your clothes...do you have a little black dress?” He asks mischievously.
I laugh as I walk to my closet and pull out a simple black dress I use for interviews. “Yes, I do and some nice little black heels that go along with it."
"Mmm, that, definitely that...oh wait a sec,” I can hear his hand muffle the phone and him talking with someone else then hear him talking again. "Scott says to tell Krista to wear something red."
"Right, ok. Um, when should we be ready exactly?"
"In an hour...we’ll be in the limo to get you."
My mouth drops open. "An hour?! Are you crazy? We have to take showers, do our make-up and all that stuff!"
I hear them both laughing over the line. "Well then you better hurry baby!"
"Then I have to get off the phone like, now! Bye!” I hang up and turn to a confused looking Krista.
"Ok, start filling me in on what the heck is going on.” Krista demands with her hands on her hips.
"We have an hour to get showered, gussied up and all before the guys come in a limo for a double date!"
"What?! Oh my God! I can't go on a date with Scott Adams looking like this!” She screeches and starts running around the room grabbing hair products and make-up and throwing clothes around the room.
"Whoa!" I grab a flying skirt and laugh. "Ok, take a breath.” I walk over and put my hands on her shoulders as she takes a deep breath.
"He says he wants you to wear something red.” I tell her with a smile.
"Hmm, I believe I have just the thing,” she tells me with a secretive glint in her eyes as she grabs a slinky little strapless red dress out of the closet.
"I think that'll work.” I nod at her and we both dash around getting ready.
"So, where are we going?” Krista calls from the bathroom where she's applying the last of her make-up.
"I don't know the name; Liam just said that it's a private club where we’ll have our own section or something, bouncer and all."
"Oooh, sounds fancy.” She comes out smiling and spins around...”Do I look ok?"
"You look great!” I take a quick spin around. "What about me?"
"Fabulous, sweetie,” We both smile and hook arms and step out into the hall and quickly note Nate standing at the end looking in all directions at once.
"Good evening, ladies.” He crosses his arms and nods at us. "Your limo is set to be here in 5 minutes. Mr. Adams and Mr. Warren will already be inside. Eric is waiting by the door for you."
"Thanks, Nate.” I smile at him and we walk the rest of the way towards the door and wave at Eric as we step out into the cool breeze of the night.
"Are you nervous?” I whisper as I step a little closer to Krista.
She nods and her eyes widen. "What if this is some kind of fluke? Like if he hangs out with me some more and decides I'm not worth it? And what's going to happen once their done filming, I could be just left behind."
I frown and squeeze her arm. "Don't think like that. I told you, if he hurts you, I'm going to hurt him."
She smiles as we see the limo turn the corner.
"Here we go!” I whisper as the driver comes around the side to open the door and Scott steps out and takes a long look over Krista.
"Wow,” is all he says and she blushes almost as red as her dress.
"Hi.” She says softly as he takes her hand and pulls her to his side.
"You look amazing, Krista."
"Thank you,” she bites down on her lip and looks at me with a smile on her face.
"She does....and so does my wife.” Liam interrupts and steps out to pull me to him.
"Well, thank you.” I smile and put my hand on his cheek. "You look pretty good yourself."
He gets a big grin and leans down to kiss me as he runs his hands down my sides and comes to rest on my lower back.
"Alright you lovebirds, get in before we make the bodyguards anxious.” Scott interrupts and I giggle at Liam's glare.
Once we're all piled into the back of the limo, I catch Krista's attention for a minute and she has a huge grin on her face. Scott better treat her right. I have the same fear as Krista does. What happens when they leave again? They can't have that much more filming to do. What happens to us then? Can we make it work?

Shaking my head to get out of my thoughts, I turn to Liam and squeeze his hand. "So, tell me about where we're going."
"It's called The Infinity; it's a really nice place. Private rooms, good for dancing, having a drink and just forgetting everything for a while."
"Sounds good to me,” I lean over and lay my head on his shoulder and absently listen to Krista chattering away until we pull up to the club.
"Ok, Nate and Eric are close by, but when we get out of the limo, keep your head down and stay near me so the Pap's don't cause a big scene, ok?” Liam asks.
I nod and squeeze his hand. "Ok."
He opens the door and pulls me out and starts walking quickly. I keep my face towards the ground and lean into him until we get inside the door.
"Everything's good inside, right?” I ask and look up when Krista and Scott rush in.
"Yep, inside there's no cameras allowed. Come on, our room is this way." Liam tugs me beside him and directs me into a large red and black room with giant couches and an extravagant bar in the middle.
"Whoa....this is just...wow.” Krista says with a shocked look on her face.
"I completely agree.” I reply and look around the room. I don't even want to know how much the things in this room cost or the drinks that come out of that bar.
"Come on ladies....time to have some fun.” Scott says with a grin on his face as he pulls a laughing Krista onto the dance floor to dance to the fast paced music booming through the speakers.
"Want to dance, Katy?” Liam asks and pulls me tight against him.
I scrunch up my nose. "You know I'm not much of a dancer."

He leans down to my ear and whispers, "We could always go back to that corner and just make out....we were always good at that."
I feel myself blush and shake my head. "Slow down there mister....how about we try to figure out how to dance to this crazy fast music?"
He gets a happy glint in his eyes and pulls me to the dance floor. Before I know it, we're moving in rhythm together. He's holding onto my hips and we're just about as close as we can get and keeping eye contact the whole time.
"I really, really love this dress.” Liam murmurs and pulls me up to him tight. As he places kisses down my neck, I close my eyes and sigh softly as the music begins to slow and I place my hands around his neck and pull his lips to mine.
“I like this.” I whisper as I lay my head onto his chest and wrap my arms around his middle.
“Me too Katy, I’ve missed this, missed us.”
I nod swaying with him to the music. “I did too.”


Chapter 9
Liam relaxes against me and smiles softly. "Do you remember the first time we had to dance together?"
"I remember I was very mad at you for picking on me, and we were at someone's wedding and our moms made us dance together because it was "just so cute"."
He laughs and I laugh along with him. "We were what, like 15 then?"
"Mmm, something like that. You were a big jerk then.” I tease him and look up at him as the music picks back up.
"I was not....I was just already falling for you and you wouldn't give me the time of day."
I roll my eyes, "If I remember right, you were dating that Lindy girl then."
"Yeah...because I wanted you to be jealous!"
I laugh and start moving to the music again and laugh even louder when he spins me around quickly and brings me back to him with my back to his front.

"We're good together baby.” Liam whispers and puts his hand across my stomach and kisses from my ear down.
I close my eyes and sigh, "We were....” He turns me back to face him and places his hands on my hips again to hold me tight. “We can learn how to be again."
When he opens his mouth to say something, Krista appears towing Scott behind her.
"Oh my gosh, Kate, this place is like the best ever!” She bounces on her toes and grabs me and spins us both around.
"Whoa, Krista...Kris,” I stop us and look at her hard, "Are you drunk? What did you drink?"
She giggles and I glare over at Scott. "Just a little bit Kate, I promise."
"Scott...why did you let her get drunk?” I glare and look between him and Krista.
"I'm sorry! We were just sitting and talking and the bartender just kept refilling her drink when it got low.” he looks down sheepishly.
"Well, as you can tell, she's a light weight! Look...we need to get her home before she just crashes. Can you have the car brought around?"
Liam nods and steps to the corner to make a phone call and I sigh holding onto Krista's arm as she stumbles around.
"I really am sorry, Katy.” Scott says, "We were just having a good time."
"It's ok....you don't know how she gets sometimes, right Krista?"
"I just really really liked the drink the nice bartender gave me.” She giggles again and adjusts the top of her dress.
"They'll be here in a couple minutes.” Liam comes up to tell us and rests his hands on my hips.
"Good.” I smile softly at him and lean into Krista's ear, "Do me a favor and don't throw up all over the pretty limousine seats or your dress, ok?"
"Of course not!” She slurs and Scott moves over and takes her into his arms.
"Alright, sweet heart. Let's go get you some fresh air....our next date, no drinking allowed, that sound good?"
"Mm-hmm” I hear her hum as he walks towards the exit meeting Eric and another security guy along the way.
"Looks like our night got cut short.” Liam says sadly and I nod as I stand on my tip toes to kiss his cheek.
"Rain check?” I ask softly and tuck a piece of his hair back.
"You bet.” He smiles as we start towards the exit and see the limo drive up. "Don't forget, duck your head!"
I do as a bunch of camera flashes go off and I hear people yelling my name trying to get the perfect picture for their precious magazine.

Once we're safely in the back again and Scott has gotten some water in Krista, I relax a bit. I feel safer the further away we are from the cameras. 
"So, when will we be able to get together again?” I ask resting against Liam's side.
"Well, we're finishing up final scenes and things this week, so maybe by the weekend we can cut loose."
I bite my lip and nod not knowing how broach the conversation about what happens when he's all done here. Will he be done with me too? The future of our relationship seems so unattainable right now.
Just a few minutes later, we've pulled up to our dorm and Krista is already clutching her stomach.
"Oh God,” she moans and quickly gets out and makes a dash for the door.
"Oh boy...sorry guys, I better go help her."
"Call me when everything gets settled, ok?” Liam yells as I chase after her.
"I will!” I call back and dart inside and hear her heaving and groaning.

I pull my heels off and lean against the bathroom door. "You’re going to get that pretty dress all dirty.” I say with a smirk and duck when she throws a toothbrush at me.
"Shut up....God, I'm never drinking again!” She rubs her face and I go into the kitchen to get her a glass of water.
"That's probably a good idea.” I tell her as I set the glass down. "You’re lucky Scott thinks you’re cute even if you’re drunk."
She groans and covers her face with her hands, "He didn't see me like that, did he?"
"Not sick, no."
"Oh thank God....are you sure he doesn't hate me now?"
"Positive. He mentioned another date."

That puts a smile on her face and she slowly gets up off the bathroom floor and goes in search of comfortable clothes and I follow behind.
"Did you at least have a good time before I ruined it?” Krista asks me after we're both changed and sitting on our beds.
"I did...we danced...and talked and stuff. Liam's actually a pretty good dancer, he did all the leading.” I laugh softly and lean back.
"I saw him leading you on that dance floor missy; he had his hands all over you. There's no question he was showing everyone that you're his!"
I blush slightly and shrug. "Like I said, we had fun. What about you? Did you and Scott still hit it off?"
"Uh-huh....and that boy is a very good kisser.” She grins and tucks a stray curl behind her ear.
"Oh really? Anything else I should know about?"

She pauses to stop and think and shakes her head, "No, just lots of sneaking kisses and dancing all up in each other’s space.” she laughs and seems to be lost in the memory of it.
"Well good, I'm happy for you, Kris."
"I'm happy for you too, Kate....we've worked hard and got good grades to get our degrees and all. I think it’s about time we have some men to come home to so to speak."
"You know what? I agree with you."
"Good, you should.” She smiles tiredly and climbs up to her pillows. "Nighty night, Kate."
"Good night, Krista.” I whisper as she drifts off to sleep and I pull out my phone to send Liam a text.
"Will call tomorrow, I'm beat, had a good time tonight though. Next time, maybe we can have an alone date?” I send him and sit back anxiously waiting his reply.
"For sure, I had fun too. Can't wait to see you again, night baby, I love you."
Those last three words both made me extremely happy and very nervous. Part of me never stopped loving Liam, but another part of me is very scared to give him my heart again.


Chapter 10
Over the next week Krista and I became so used to Eric and Nate being around that we hardly even acknowledge them being there. It's still strange to know I have someone guarding me though.
Liam and Scott call us every spare minute they can find. Including their early morning shoots, those sure don't make Krista very happy, but I can tell that she's really falling hard for Scott, as for me? I'm really falling for Liam all over again. The only problem is that I see Lucas almost daily. And it breaks my heart seeing him be so lonely. Anytime I so much as walked into the same room with him he would go to the opposite side of the room and just look totally unapproachable.

Finally one day, I'd had enough of it. I decided I was going to have it out with Lucas if nothing else to clear the air between us. I at least missed him as a good friend. He had been part of my life for the better part of a year and I hated him just not being there anymore.
I walked over to where Nate was leaning against the wall by my class after it was over, “Just fair warning...there's a good chance that there's going to some yelling between Luke and me as soon as I can get him somewhere I can talk to him privately.”
Nate raises his eyebrows and crosses his arms, "I'm not sure I can allow that, Mrs. Warren. Yelling can lead to physical violence, and that I cannot allow to happen. It'll result in something on him being broken."
I roll my eyes and wave my hand in the air, "No need to worry about that. Luke would never do me any bodily harm. But I've hurt him a lot in the last couple weeks, and now he won't even so much as look at me. I want my friend back, that's all this is going to be about, Nate."
He pursed his lips together and I had a feeling I would probably get griped at by a certain movie star later, but right now, I had something to fix.
I smiled tightly at him and turned to make the walk down the hall and around the corner where I knew Lucas would be coming out of his class. Sure enough, after I was around the corner, I saw him talking with one of his friends and as soon as he saw me, he quickly pivoted and bolted towards the door.

"Lucas, wait!” I yelled and ran after him, "No more avoiding me.” I grab his arm and pull him outside and into a shaded area where there aren't many other students. "We are going to talk....or at least I am. I'm tired of you going out of your way to not be near me. I know what happened sucks, and I'm really very sorry for that. For at least how everything fell apart, but I still care for you, Luke. You and Krista have been my rocks the last couple years; I wouldn't of survived college without you guys. Just because Liam is back in my life doesn't mean I have to toss you out completely, ok?"
He runs a frustrated hand through his short brown hair and closes his eyes as he takes a deep breath, "Somehow Kate, we'll find our way back to being friends. I don't like keeping away from you anymore then you do. I admit, I'm still jealous of Mr. Hollywood getting to be the only man in your life again...but if you'll have me, I'd like to still be a man in your life, even if it’s just as a friend, deal?"
I smile and nod, "Deal!” and move to hug him but he holds up a hand. "Wait, I'm not going to get jumped if I hug you, am I?"
I laugh and step forward and wrap my arms around him, "No, hugging is fine."
"Good,” he squeezes me back and sighs. "I'm really sorry, Kate. I've been a huge jerk."
"You kind of had the right to be, but I want to put this all behind us, alright? Just turn the page and start over."
He smiles and puts his arm around my shoulders, "I think I can do that."
"Good, so what are you doing this afternoon?"
"Uh...nothing, why?"
"Krista and I are going to the set to see the guys and I thought you might want to come along."
"Do you really think it’s a great idea for me to come along and hang out with your boyfr-...husband? I mean, we didn't exactly get along very well the last time we saw each other."
I bite my lip, "If he has anything to say about you coming along, as my friend, then he'll just have to answer to me about it. So, will you go?"
"Ok, I'll go. Let me go and change. Don't want to look like a grungy college guy around the Hollywood ladies.” he winks and I laugh.
"Ok, just meet us at the dorms in like an hour."
"Sounds like a plan. See you later, Kate."
I wave and watch him go and sigh in relief. That definitely went much better than I expected it to. Now to just keep my fingers crossed that Liam or Krista for that matter, don't freak out about him coming with us to the set.
I met up with Krista about half way to the dorms and decided to just let it all out, "So um, I talked to Luke and things are good again....and he's coming with us to set!"
She stops in her tracks and grabs my arm, "He's coming to set? Are you insane...Your HUSBAND is going to be there. The one who didn't like your ex-boyfriend very much, remember?"
I roll my eyes and nod, “Yes, I remember. But I have to get used to all the people he has in his life, including his flings, i.e. Alexia. So he can just get used to Luke being part of my life during our time apart. And yes, there was a time where I thought Luke and I could be more, but in the end we’ve decided to be friends, like we were before.”
Shaking her head as we approach the door, Krista looks over at me, “You are one brave woman, Kate Parker-Warren.”
I laugh at that and walk down to our room and throw my bag near the closet. “Let me let you in on a little secret. I’ve never backed down to Liam Warren. He can be pissed if he wants to. But I won’t let what he wants ruin a relationship, even with another guy.”
“Man, I wish I knew you guys before everything went all crazy with ya’ll. I have a feeling you would have been at the very least entertaining.”
I laugh and smile, “Someday, I’m going to take you home with me and break out the old home movies I have of Mr. Famous. He wasn’t always so perfect. I have videos of his awkward teen years.”
She snorts as she changes her outfit, “Oh I doubt that. I’ve seen those “before they were stars” things, and he was still cute. Someday you’re going to have to tell me the whole story of how the two of you hooked up.”

“I will, I promise. It’s not that big of a romantic story or anything. And a lot of it had to do with our Mom’s kind of pushing us together.” I shrug and grab the car keys. “Luke should be meeting us outside in just a sec.”
Krista gathers her things and we make our way out and I stop and frown when I see Lucas getting patted down by Eric.
“Isn’t that a bit much?” I cross my arms and look between them.
“No, Mrs. Warren, when it comes to your privacy, and safety as well as those that are on set, this is just precautionary.” Eric says as he steps away.
“Sorry Luke. You ok?”
“Yeah…I’m good.” He mutters and smoothens down his shirt.
I nod and we pile into the car. “Ok, so when we get there, you’ll have to show them your ID and I’ll tell them that you’re with me so they don’t go into an even more thorough search then what Eric just did.” I smirk back at him as I see him grimace.
“You guys must be old pros at all this now, huh?” he asks and looks between Krista and I.
Are you jealous, Lucas?” Krista asks with her eyebrows raised.
He snorts and crosses his arms, “No, what’s to be jealous of, Kris? Daily pat downs?” He says with a shudder and Krista and I exchange a knowing look.
"M-hm, whatever you say buddy.” She teases him and is rewarded with a glare.
After a somewhat quiet drive, other than Krista finding reasons to pick at Luke, we finally pull into the lot where there are about a hundred crew members with walkie talkies and cameras and actors getting touch-ups on their make-up and who knows what else.
As I told Luke would happen, when we step up to security he's asked for his ID, and patted down, again, and gets a long lecture of all the Do's and Don'ts of the set.
"Is all that really necessary?” he grumbles after we get out of the checkpoint and we make our way over to where all the actors’ trailers are.
"Mrs. Warren, Ms. Quinn...and who is this?” Mitchell Fallon asks with his arms crossed over his chest.
"This is my friend Lucas Austin. Lucas, this is Mr. Mitchell Fallon, the President of Excite Entertainment, where Liam is represented."
Lucas stretches out his hand, "Nice to meet you sir."
Mitchell returns the handshake and nods, "Can you act? You've kind of got the look."
Lucas actually blushes and I find myself laughing and notice Krista is doing the same thing.
"No sir, I'm studying architecture. Don't think acting is in my blood."
"Well, that's a shame. Here's my card though.” He pats his shoulder and hands him a card as he walks over to chat with people.
"What...just happened?” Luke asks looking down at the card in his hand.
Laughing again, I pat his arm, "You were almost discovered."
He shakes his head and shoves the card in his back pocket, "Crazy Hollywood people."
"Tell me about it.” I mutter as I see Liam, Scott, Alexia and another actress that I don't recognize come around the corner with their little entourage.
Liam stops in his tracks and narrows his eyes as he crooks his finger for me to come over to him.
"Yes?” I ask innocently as I take his hand.
"What the hell is he doing here?” he asks with clenched teeth.
"He's my friend and I invited him...and you are not allowed to be angry about that."
I watch his jaw muscle jump and reach up to smooth it out with my hand. He's extra handsome when he's angry, even if that anger is directed at me.
"Oh, I'm not. And why is that?"
"Because you have me now, and if you play your cards right, forever. So be nice.”


Chapter 11
Before we could walk over to everyone again, Liam grabs me and kisses me long and slowly.
When I’m able to pull back, I’m breathless and look up at him in a daze, “What was that for?”
He puts on his sexiest grin and kisses me quickly before grabbing my hand, “Just showing everyone that you’re mine.”
I roll my eyes and shove his shoulder, “Unnecessary…does that mean I can pull you out in front of a group of your adoring fan girls and kiss you senseless?” I ask mischievously.
He gets a playful glint in his eyes and pulls me tightly against him and as I put my hands onto his shoulders, he leans down to whisper in my ear, “Senseless, huh?” He starts making a trail of kisses down my neck.
I let myself close my eyes for a second and shake my head, “There are like a thousand people all around us right now, Liam.”
He just laughs and tucks some of my hair behind my ear, “I could always take you back to my trailer, baby. No one could disturb us there.”
I just shake my head at him and start tugging him towards our friends, “As tempting as that sounds, you have a job to do.” I give him one last kiss as we approach everyone.
"About time you got back over here!” Krista says as she hooks her arm in mine, "I can only take so much of little miss skank over there.” She whispers to me while eyeing Alexia up and down. "She keeps flirting with Scott AND Lucas. And I think Lucas likes it!"
Rolling my eyes, I mutter, "Wonderful.” And step forward, "Alexia...very nice to see you again."
She puts on an devious smile and walks over to where Liam is standing and leans against him before putting her hands on his chest, "Oh, really nice to see you again too Katy. We get to shoot a very hot love scene today...I have to go to wardrobe and get my lingerie. Black silk, Liam's favorite.” She smiles and lets her hand linger down his chest and he throws her hand away before it goes all the way south and clenches his teeth as she walks away.
"I wish I never touched that woman...she makes my life a living hell!” Liam grounds out and pulls me closer to him, "I'm this close to speaking with the director. She may be a woman, but she sexually harasses me all the time."
"She doesn't seem that bad,” Lucas says softly and earns a dirty look from all of us, "What?! She's just...flirty."
"She's creepy.” I say shaking my head and looking around at the crowd of workers getting everything ready. "Do you really have to do a love scene with her today?"
"Unfortunately...after this, I'm turning down any project that even has a mention of her name it."
"Sounds like a good plan.” I give him a quick hug as the director walks over.

"Alright, Liam, Scott...this is our last scene to shoot. Sorry folks, going to have to ask you to step back so we can get the set ready."
I nod, "Right, good luck!” I kiss Liam's cheek and Krista gives Scott another hug and we pull Lucas over to the side out of the way.
It isn't long before we see Alexia walking to her spot of the set wrapped in a short silky robe and black flip flops. As she passes us she sends a flirty grin and wave to Luke and gets herself into professional mode.
Luke shifts around some and looks over at me, "So, do we actually get to watch them have make believe sex?"
Krista and I both smack his arm and he flinches, "Just asking, jeez."
"Don't get too excited there Romeo” Krista tells him, "She'll be in lingerie, and Kate's hunky hubby will be shirtless, but he'll have boxers on."
I give her a look and she gives me an innocent look, "What? He is hunky, and looks dang good without a shirt on...but I've got to see Scott shirtless..."
"Whoa. Wait; is there something I should know?” I ask with my arms crossed.
She sighs and shakes her head, "No...THAT hasn't happened between us...yet.” she adds with a smile, "But, I've got to see his lovin' scenes with that Aria Watson chick, he's very good at what he does."

"Those guys aren't the only ones good at what they do, or that look good without a shirt on...right, Kate?” Luke asks with his eyebrow raised and I shoot him a warning look.
"Not something to talk about right now, ok?” I say with as much force as I can.
He puts his arms up in surrender and I rub my face. Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to bring him here. There is a very good chance just his mouth could end up getting him into a fist fight with Liam. Taking a deep breath, I look over at Krista who is fiercely whispering in Lucas' ear and whatever she is saying is apparently getting across because he looks down at the floor and in the next moment he whispers, "I'm sorry, Kate."
"Yeah...it's fine” I mutter and catch Liam's eye for a second.
He mouths "I love you” and kisses his fingers and sends it my way making me smile again. God I hope this doesn't get all messed up again. Hollywood or not, what we have is real, and even despite the time and distance, that flame hasn’t faded and I’m going to have to do all that I can to not extinguish it.
"Here we go,” Krista whispers as the director yells for everyone to quiet down so they can start filming. "Are you going to be able to handle this?"
I nod and take a breath. This isn't real. It's basically an illusion, right? That's what I have to think anyways. This isn't real!
But God is it hard to keep that in my mind when I watch Liam stalk over to Alexia and grab her and see her wrap her perfectly skinny legs tightly around his waist and yank that barely there robe off her shoulder.
Lucas reaches over and squeezes my hand and gives me a slight reassuring smile and I bite my lip to keep myself from screaming. I can handle this, it’s just a job. Soon I hear, "Cut!” and I can breathe again. I think it’s time to leave.

"Hey baby, you ok?” Liam runs over between shots and hugs me but I pull back smelling Alexia's perfume all over him.
"Yeah...I'm good. You did a really good job,” I force a small smile on my face.
"Don't believe her Liam. She's freaking out, just look at her!” Krista pipes in and I shoot her a quick glare.
"I'm fine, really."
Liam sighs, "No, you’re not. I can see it in your eyes Katy. I don't want you to have to feel uncomfortable."
"Well let's see...would you be comfortable if say, you had to watch her kiss me?” Lucas asks.
All of Liam's muscles tense up and he steps up into his face, "Try it and find out."
"Hey! Ok, that's it. We're leaving, now, ok? No fights...I just want to go home."

"You know what? That's exactly where we need to go.” Liam says with a confident smile and I look over at him confused.
"Huh? What are you talking about?"
"We need to go home. Where both our families are. They don't know yet we're working things out right? If we go home, we can be away from the madness for a little while and just be with family.”
I frown, "What about your movie stuff though?"
"This is our last shoot. I get some time off before my next project. See if you can get your class work for the next two weeks and come home with me, baby."
"I...I don't know, Liam..."
"Think about it, ok? I'll call you tonight and if you decide it’s a go, I'll call and make the reservations."
I nod and look over at Lucas and Krista. Krista has a secretive smile on her face and Lucas doesn't look too pleased.
"Ok...I think it’s time for us to head out...I'll talk to you later.” I reach up to kiss Liam's cheek but he turns his head to catch my lips.
"Think about it.” He whispers with a small smile.
"I will, I promise."
"I love you, Katy.” He says with a sigh and kisses my forehead.
"I love you too, Liam” I whisper back before I can stop myself and see the surprise in his eyes before he gets an extra big smile on his face.
"I didn't think I would ever hear that out of your mouth again."
I just smile as I step back and towards Krista and Lucas, "Well, now you did."


Chapter 12
When we finally reach the car again, we sit in an awkward silence. Krista seems lost in her own thoughts and Lucas just stares at the window.
“Alright, the both of you, out with it, what’s going on in those heads of yours?” I say impatiently.
“Nothing…nothing, I promise, just thinking about the date Scott and I have planned later this week.” Krista answers with a too bright smile on her face.
“Uh-huh…and you Luke? What’s wrong?”
“You’re really just going to up and leave just because he asked you to?” He asks with his jaw tight.
‘’You know you might want to take Mr. Fallon up on his acting offer there, Luke. Because you’re being awfully dramatic,” Krista tells him with a hard glare.
"I'm just worried for you, Kate, alright? You’re in this whirlwind romance now, and he's got the amazing career and all the screaming girls and he's making this movie and all...but all that isn't real. You are though. And what's going to happen when someone else comes around and he takes his eyes away from you, what then?!"
I just glare at him and Krista looks about ready to explode at him. I close my eyes and make myself take a deep breath, "Do me a favor and just shut up for the drive back to campus, k?"
He runs a frustrated hand through his hair and looks up at me, “I’m sorry, ok? I’m your friend, right?”
I sigh and nod, “Right.”
“Well, as your friend, I’m allowed to worry about you. And what path he might be leading you down. To be honest…I’m scared one day he’s going to take you away and I’ll only ever get to see you in a picture in a magazine.”
I shake my head, "That's not going to happen, ok? Right now, my life is centered on getting my degree, and going on to do what I love, helping people. If I decide to go on this little...trip with him, I won't be moving into a Hollywood mansion by the end of the week."
Lucas just nods and leans back in the seat deciding to let it go for now.
“Can we go now?” Krista asks impatiently.
“Yes, we can go now.” I tell her with a small smile.
She pulls out and begins the long drive down the highway and cranks the radio up loud. After about 30 minutes of driving I notice Krista pick up speed and keep checking the mirror nervously.
"Hey, what's wrong?” I ask curiously looking in the mirror myself.
"Nate and Eric have black cars, right?"
I nod, "Yeah, why?"
"Because there's been a silver SUV following us for the last 10 minutes and they've even kept up with us when I've started going faster and going down the back roads.” she answers nervously and grips the steering wheel tighter.
"What's going on?” I hear Lucas ask from the backseat.
"We're being chased.” I say with a frown and grab for my cell phone. "If it keeps up, I'm going to call that number Nate and Eric gave us before.”
Krista nods and checks in the mirror again before focusing on the road and cars ahead of us. When she picks up speed, I hear other cars honking as the silver SUV tries getting between them to keep up with us. Krista suddenly swerves for an exit causing me to squeak and grab onto whatever I can to keep myself righted.
"Call that number, Kate. Now!” Luke yells and I look behind us and gasp seeing the SUV right up on us.
"Oh God...is it paparazzi?” I whisper and fumble for the number in my phone.
"Who cares! They're about to run us off the damn road!” Krista yells and slams her foot on the gas.
The next thing I know the SUV is beside us swerving in and out trying to get us on the side of the road and into the ditch. Krista is screaming and I'm shaking the faster we go and the more of a blur everything around us is.
With shaking hands, I press the number for Nate on my cell and wait nervously.
"Yeah?” I hear his voice and almost feel relieved.
"Where are you guys?!"
"Mrs. Warren?” He sounds confused, "We're at set. Aren't you and Ms. Quinn still standing by?"
I feel tears come to my eyes as I shake my head and look over into the windows of the SUV, I can just barely make out the profile of a woman, but I don't see any camera. "No! No, Nate, we're not. We left...and...And now we're being chased. Or just plain ran off the road, God, where are you?!"
I hear the panic as he starts yelling at people and hear something about tracking a GPS and then I scream when the silver SUV slams into our side over and over again.
"She's going to kill us!” Krista screams with tears pouring down her cheek.
I have tears of my own spilling down and feel completely helpless. Whoever this is, is insane, and apparently doesn't care if we come to our deaths or not.
"Girls, look at me.” Lucas says sounding really serious.
I turn to him and he grabs my hand, "We're going to be all right, ok?"
Krista casts him an anxious look through the rearview mirror and just nods her head.
A whimper escapes me as I look over into Krista's terrified eyes and the SUV barrels into the back of our car causing it to fishtail and I squeeze my eyes tight as Krista rights the car again and slams back down on the gas. I have just a minute to look out the window again and see long blonde hair and for just a moment see the face of Alexia Dalton. She gives me a big satisfied grin as she slams into us hard enough that Krista can no longer control the car and the next moment we are flipping in the air, I grab for both Krista and Luke's hands as I close my eyes and brace for the impact.


Chapter 13
The next time I open my eyes, everything seems extra bright and my whole body just feels heavy, especially my hand. Once my neck muscles wake up enough, I turn my head slightly and find Liam there, with his head leaning on my hand and I think he's sleeping.
I try licking my lip to be able to talk but it’s hard. Wow, my head is killing me.
"L...Liam.” I whisper softly and try to move my hand.
He startles and his head darts up, as he realizes I'm awake his eyes change from wild with sleep and worry to excitement. "Oh, baby...Oh my God, baby.” he reaches up and kisses my forehead, my cheeks and finally my lips. "I was so scared I'd never see your eyes open again."
I try to reach my hand up to his cheek but he just shakes his head, "Just rest, Katy. Let me get the doctor, ok?"
I just nod and watch him go. Where are Krista and Lucas? Are they ok? Everything hurts....
"Hello Mrs. Warren.” I hear a sweet voice and look to see a blonde haired woman dressed in a doctor's coat. "My name is Dr. Ryder; I've been your doctor for this last week.” She says with a soft smile.
I gasp and turn my eyes to Liam, "Week? It's been a whole week?"
He nods sadly and takes my hand, "It has, a very scary week, not knowing if you would wake up or not. I’ve been so scared of losing you, baby.” 
I close my eyes and take a deep breath, "Krista...and Lucas. They were in the car when that...when we were ran off the road. Where are they?"
Liam exchanges a look with the doctor that fills me with dread. "Talk to me, Liam. Where are they?” I demand with as much force as I'm able.
Liam sits on the bed with me and squeezes my hand. "Krista is in a medically induced coma. Her brain had a lot of swelling, they just want her to heal and not try and fight it."
I feel tears streaming down my face. I can't imagine my lively, happy go lucky best friend being strapped down to a bed with machines keeping her going. I have to be able to see her, somehow.
"Let me go see her,” I whisper through my tears.
"I'm sorry Mrs. Warren, you can't yet. She's in a coma right now and you’re going to be recovering yourself for a while. You need to focus on you for right now.” Dr. Ryder says and comes over towards me to start checking over all my vitals.
Once she's finally done, she pats my hand then nods at Liam before walking back out of the room.
"Liam, out with it...where's Luke?"

He runs his hand through his hair and looks at the floor, "Both of our parents flew in after the accident, I need to call and tell them you’re awake now and make some arrangements for physical therapy and stuff because you’re going to need it..."
"Liam Elliott Warren, what the hell is going on?! You’re trying to distract me and all you’re doing is making me mad, where is he?!” I yell with what little energy I have left.
The look he gives me tells me it all and I shake my head back and forth over and over again as the tears just continue to fall.
"No, no, no....please, tell me...he's not...not.” I can't even say the word. It's just not possible that he can just be gone. He's supposed to go on and be a great architect and find a woman out there somewhere that could love him the way he thought he loved me. This is my fault...if I hadn't invited him to come to set with us he wouldn't have been in that car and he would have just been waiting on campus to hang out like always. Not sitting in a morgue drawer, but no. The pain quickly turns to anger; this is Alexia Dalton's fault. All because of some stupid jealousy she has for the man that is sitting next to me and has his arms wrapped around me.
"I'm so sorry, baby. I didn't want to have to tell you yet. I know...I know that you loved him, and I may not have gotten along with him...but I really am sorry.” He whispers and kisses my head.
"When...when is his funeral?” I whisper when I can breathe again and the tears have stopped.
"I'm not sure, Katy.” He pushes some of my hair out of my eyes, "I haven't had the chance to speak with his parents yet, but I will, I promise.”
I just nod and groan at my achy body. I feel so useless. I need to go see Krista, she has to be ok, and I can't lose her to. If I ever see Alexia Dalton again, I don't know what I'm going to do.
Taking a deep breath, I look up into Liam's clear blue eyes, "Alexia...Alexia did this. I saw her just before we lost control of the car, I looked out the window and I saw her driving that SUV...she killed Luke!"
He wraps his arms around me and grips me tightly, "She's missing. After you called Nate, everything kind of went nuts. We had just been lounging around; re-watching some scenes we shot and no one realized that she left when you guys did. And by the way, Nate and Eric have been dealt with for not watching you well enough to know that you had left...anyway, Eric came over to Scott and me and told us what was going on. I've never felt so scared, baby. They had a GPS thing on your car, so they tracked it and by the time we all got there, the car was in shambles and you guys were all trapped. People had to hold me and Scott back. We wanted nothing more than to jump down that ditch and get to you guys.” he closes his eyes and takes a deep breath, "When they put you on that stretcher, you had a huge gash on your head and were totally knocked out. Your right leg has several fractures; you’re going to need to have someone with you for a while. Which is another reason your parents are here, by the way, but I'll get back to that. I was glued to your side when they were working on you before they put you in the ambulance. Then I heard Scott yell.” he shakes his head and I squeeze his hand.
"Krista....she was really bad, wasn't she?” I say softly as I look down at our hands.
He nods as he squeezes back, "She was. She just looked completely broken, Katy. When you were on set, she was so bubbly and full of life and to see her not even an hour later broken and battered, it just about killed Scott. He hasn't left her side. Her family has been here and they haven't asked him to leave or anything, she apparently has talked very highly about him to them.” He smiles sadly, “He really loves her…and I know when…when, not if, she wakes up that he isn’t going to ever let her go, I have a very strong feeling that Krista is going to end up going from being Ms. Quinn to Mrs. Adams.”
I smile at that and try to turn over but wince from the pain, "I'm really sore, Liam."
"I'll call the nurse,” he says and kisses my forehead before leaning over to press the page button.
He quickly speaks with the nurse over the speaker and the next moment an older woman with graying blonde hair walks in carrying an IV bag. Liam sits beside me and kisses my hand as he holds it and I drift off to sleep. 

When I wake up again, I can hear people whispering until they notice me stirring around.
"Oh Katelyn...I'm so happy to see you awake.” My mom says with tears in her eyes.
I smile slightly as she comes over to grip my hand, "Hey Mom. I'm ok.” I tell her even though I can feel tears in my eyes the mirror hers.
"Your dad and I have been so scared.” she shakes her head and then rubs her tears away, "Derek calls to check on you, you know your brother has always had a soft spot for you."
I smile a little more and nod, "I just want to get better, and be able to get out of here and back to school, and I don't have much longer left before graduation..."

She shares a look with Liam and I frown looking between them.
"What? What now?” I ask irritated.
"Baby, you’re not going to be able to go back to just living in the dorms and going to class like before. Your legs are really bad right now. You’re going to need Physical Therapy and you’re going to be stuck in bed for a lot of that time so you can heal properly.” Liam tells me as he comes to sit in a chair by the bed.
"So you're telling me I can't finish my degree."
He sighs and runs a hand through his hair, "You can, but you're going to have to finish it online, we've already worked it out with all your teachers. And you’re going to be recuperating at home...with your parents, back home,” he tells me with a steely look in his eyes.
"What?! I'm not just going to pack up and move back in with my parents. I...I'll make things work, I'll learn to work around whatever leg issues I have.” I sputter out and look over at Liam.
"I'm sorry Katy, but on this, I'm putting my foot down. As your husband, I've made this decision for your safety and comfort until you’re medically ok again."

I glare at him and shake my head, "So what about you? Where are you going to be?"
"I have to go do some movie promotion interviews in L.A, and then I'm taking my time off and coming home too. We have a home there. I know it's not home to you yet, but I'm going to let you decorate to your heart’s content.” he smiles softly and comes up to kiss my forehead. "We're going to have top of the line security around at all times. I don't want to risk Alexia coming back around to finish what she started."
I close my eyes to that thought and take a deep breath, "What about Krista? When she wakes up and is healing, where is she going to be? I need to be there for my best friend...it's the least I could do after getting her involved in this and getting Luke killed! I couldn't be there for him...but I can for her.” I say through tears as they make their way through me. Once they've started, I can't stop them.
My mom tries to hug me and then Liam moves to pull me to him but I push them both away, "Please...I just...I need to be alone right now, ok?"
"Katelyn, I don't think it's best for you to be alone when you’re feeling like this. You need to get it all out,” my mom tells me soothingly as she pushes my hair back.

All I can do is cover my face as the sadness overtakes me. At some point Liam climbs into the bed with me and turns me towards him.
"This wasn't your fault, do you hear me? You didn't kill him; you didn't put your best friend in a coma and almost kill yourself. That's all on Alexia, do you hear me?” he turns my head to look directly into his eyes, "You are so strong Katy, but you can't put the problems of the world on your shoulders. You have to step back and let the other people of the world take over sometimes."



Chapter 14
The next week goes by slowly, and things became routine. With rehab and everything I’m slowly getting stronger and by the end of the week, I can at least sit up without feeling like all my muscles were breaking. I was determined to find a way out of the bed. My leg may be broken in places, but a wheelchair could at least get me some fresh air or something.
One day when I ask Liam to take me outside he gives me a look, "I think your best bet is to stay in that bed, babe."
I frown at him, "I've been in this bed long enough. I can't achieve anything lying down and staring at the ceiling or pointless TV. I can't go see my best friend yet, I still don't know when Luke's service will be or if his family will even let me come to it...I just need to feel real air and the sun and not have to think about anything that's happened in the last 2 or 3 weeks!” I tell him exasperated.
He sits next to me and takes my hand, "Do you regret crossing paths with me again, Katy?” He asks softly and looks down at where our hands are linked, "Do you blame me for this?"
I shake my head and bite my lip, "No...No that's not what I meant about forgetting. I don't blame you, ok? I blame her. If I ever see Alexia Dalton, so help me...” I trail off and take a deep breath, "I pray every day that they find that insane woman. And I hope she gets to spend the rest of her life behind bars, instead of in front of a camera fooling the rest of the world."

He pulls me to him and I lay my head on his chest, "I've been worried that once you get out of here, that you’re going to kick me out of your life again, because I brought Alexia into your life, and she was so blind to her jealousy that she didn't see all of this madness as wrong."
I shake my head, "She's insane. Something made her just snap. ...I don't get it.” I sigh and pull back to look into his eyes, "Is this going to affect your movie? I mean, the two of you are like the big stars of it, right?"
"Since we're done filming, I'm not sure what's going to happen. If she stays on the run, hell, if she gets caught and put in jail...I think they're going to want to recast and reshoot."
"What's going to happen if she isn't found? Will we have to be scared of her forever?” I ask softly and look down at the floor.
Liam sighs and shakes his head, "I have the highest confidence that she will be found. She's an actress; a lot of people know her face. There's going to be a press conference later to talk about the situation."
"You mean the media hasn't eaten this up?"
"They've tried...but thankfully, HIPAA keeps them from getting any of your medical info and I've made all the people who work for me sign a Confidentiality agreement to keep them from breathing a word on yours or Krista's conditions."
"This whole thing is a nightmare.” I say shaking my head, "I want to just be able to close and lock a jail cell on Alexia Dalton and never have to think of her again."
"Soon baby....I pray we're able to do just that really soon."
I lean into him as I hear feet pounding down the hall and see Scott in my doorway trying to catch his breath and my heart starts pounding.
"Krista...is she...” I can't even get the words out.
He shakes his head and actually gets smile on his face, "She's awake! She's awake and she doesn't remember the accident...but she's alive and she's talking.” He stops to take a breath and I notice tears in his eyes. Happy tears. I think my eyes mirror his.
"Oh thank God!” I cry softly and cover my face as I allow the news to soak in. 
"She's asked for you...but the doctors have a bunch of tests to run on her to make sure everything's functioning the way it’s supposed to." 
"Right...tell her I love her, and I'll be there the second I'm allowed to, please."
"Of course...you two are strong, Katy. I bet she's gonna try to jump out of that bed as soon as she sees you in one piece again."
I smile softly, "I'm gonna want to get out of the wheelchair I'll be stuck in too. Tell her as soon as we're both up and going again, we have 2 weeks of girl time to make up for."
He smiles at that and nods "Will do."
"And Scott?"
"Yeah?"
"Get some rest, and eat, ok? She loves you...but if I know her she's going to feel really guilty if you’re not looking like the Hollywood movie star you are.” I tell him with a smile.
He laughs at that and looks in the mirror by the door, "Yeah, I guess I'm not up to "Scott Adams’ standards” are I?” He asks light heartedly and scrubs at the scruff on his cheeks.
"Not exactly buddy.” Liam smiles and claps him on the back.
“I'll get to work on that....don't want my girl to think I've turned grungy while she's been...sleeping.” he says with a sad smile and take a deep breath, "Time to get back into the land of the living I guess."
I nod, "It is."
To my surprise, Scott walks over and hugs me.
"What's this for?” I ask him confused.
"For bringing Krista into my life, I might have lost about 10 years off my life, and probably my career, while I sat by her bed every day. But now, she's secured herself a place in my heart forever, and I've realized that I can't and don't want to live without her."
"You take care of her, ok? She's my best friend...I'll have to hurt you if you hurt her you know."
"I definitely don't plan on it."
"Good,” I tell him with a wink and watch as he pats Liam's arm and walks out of the room.

"He's going to ask her to marry him, isn't he?"
He nods, "I think so, and I bet he's just going to need to buy a ring to make that thought official."
"So um...do you think they would mind combined wedding celebrations?"
Liam snaps his head up to look at me, "What are you talking about baby?"
I bite my lip nervously, "I was just thinking we’ve been through the wringer now, Liam. I don’t want to waste any more time apart. Would you want to renew our vows or get re-married, whatever it’s considered to be...”
Liam laughs and comes over and hugs me hard as he starts kissing all over my face, "I think that is a perfect idea.” He says with a smile and I smile back at him.
"Yeah?” I ask breathlessly.
"Yeah,” He replies and gives me a long kiss, "You deserve to go all out this time. Once you’re healed up and everything, I'll talk to Scott and see about sending you girls dress shopping."
I smile and hug him tight and sit back, "There's still something I need to do before I can go on into the future though.” I tell him as I brush his hair back.
"Lay Lucas to rest,” he answers.
I nod, "I need that final goodbye, Liam."
"I know, baby. And you'll get it. I'll tell you what, I'll see if I can get permission to take you out today, with a wheelchair of course, and maybe a nurse can come just in case, and go to the cemetery."
"Really?” I ask hopefully.
He nods and squeezes my hand, "Yes, really. I think you need it."
"Thank you.” I whisper as he kisses my head and walks out to talk to some people.
I lean my head back and allow memories of my time with Lucas to flood my mind and although I feel tears threatening to fall again, I also feel a smile because I know that he had a happy life, and although the end of our relationship was rough, in the end we were friends again and before his life ended unnecessarily, I know I got to hold his hand for those last few seconds and he tried to comfort me and be there for me. The least I can do for him now is keep living.

Chapter 15
Later after signing a bunch of paperwork and Liam getting special authorization for a nurse to come along with us, we were finally able to leave the hospital and go to the cemetery. I had spoken with Luke's parents earlier and found out where he had been buried at and gave Liam the directions. I had to sit sideways in the backseat to be able to be comfortable.
"Are you going to be ok?” Liam asks me with worry in his eyes.
I nod, "I will be...I just, need to say my goodbyes."
The nurse helps to lift me into the wheelchair and Liam begins to push me towards the middle row. There I see it, the freshly marked grave that doesn't even have an official grave marker yet. Just a sign that says "Lucas James Austin", I take a deep breath and a tear rolls down my cheek but I gently wipe it away.
"I'm so sorry Luke. If I could have any way to turn back the clock and have you still be here with us, I would.” I bite down on my lip and wipe at another tear lingering by my eye.

"I love you, Lucas. I know it’s not in the way you wanted” I smile sadly looking at the freshly dug dirt, "But I do love you, and I swear I won't ever forget you or stop looking for the person who caused this. She will be caught and I hope your face haunts her as much it'll haunt me.” I sigh and kiss my fingers and motion them towards the ground. "Goodbye Luke, I hope you are at peace.” One final tear falls and I let it. It's time to close this wound, and move forward and hopefully be able to find happiness among the madness again.
"Ok.” I whisper when my emotions settle, "I'm ready to go."
"Are you sure?” Liam asks and frowns when he wipes away a streak my tears left behind.
I nod and look around at our new security team that has made a barricade around us and sigh. "Are these guys from Raden Security too, like Nate and Eric were?"

Liam shakes his head, "No, Raden was thoroughly chewed out and put on Excite's black list after...the incident. These guys are with Tyrell Security Teams. They are the best of the best and are highly recommended."
I just nod at that and sigh. I have a feeling these guys are going to be within eyesight at all times at the very least until Alexia is caught again.
"You ok, baby?"
“Yeah...I’m just tired. Do you think I might be able to see Krista when we get back to the hospital?"
"I'll check...Scott said she keeps asking where you are. She can't remember the accident though. The last she remembers was the three of you coming to set."
"Does she know about Luke?” I ask softly looking back at his grave as Liam helps to transfer me into the car again.
"She does. She feels guilty because she was the one driving the car...but don't worry, Scott's trying to help her through this."
I just nod and lean my head back against the seat closing my eyes and listening to the sounds lulls me into a quiet sleep.
"I fell asleep?” I ask tiredly and rub my eyes when we come to a stop and I realize what happened.
Liam nods, "Yep, we're going to move you into the wheelchair and try to get in before any photographers get nosy."
After they move me over we roll in and I see Scott leaning against the wall, "Hey there...everything go ok?"
"Yeah...I said my goodbyes.” I tell him and we roll up to a room that's not my own.
I frown and turn to look at Liam, "Um...wrong room."
He just smiles at me, "You wanted to see Krista, right?"
"Oh!” I sit up excitedly as we go into her room and I catch my breath seeing my best friend with so many bruises and cuts all over her. I imagine she hasn't seen a mirror yet...she would be having a panic attack and be begging for make-up.

"Kate!” I hear her yell out, "Oh my God...you're ok? You're really ok?” she asks me and grabs onto my hand when I reach her side.
"I am...” I smile sadly at her, "I'm more concerned about you!"
"Oh sweetie don't you worry about me...I'm a tough cookie.” She squeezes my hand again and sighs. "I'm really sorry about Lucas, Kate. I might not have been a great friend to him or anything...but I know he made you happy, and in one way or another he was my friend too."
I nod, "I went and said my goodbyes to him, they’re having an actual service for him in about a month, and I’m hoping I’m up and going by then so I can go.”
"I'm bound and determined to get up and going myself...then I'll go with you, ok?
I lean over and hug her, "I'm so happy you’re ok, Kris.” I whisper and notice tears coming down.
She squeezes me tightly and I feel her own tears on me, "I'm so sorry, Kate. I don't remember the accident, but Scott told me I was driving..."
"Stop, this wasn't your fault. It doesn't matter who was driving our car, Alexia did all this."
She nods and wipes her eyes and looks over at Scott, "You really still love me even after seeing me all...yuck?” She asks him with an eyebrow raised.
"Baby, I love you more than ever,” he walks over and kisses her forehead. "But you’re not allowed to ever scare me like that ever again, promise?"
Krista grins and kisses him, "Promise. Now Mr. Movie Star, think you might have some of your make-up friends come visit me? I want to be back to being all pretty and lip-glossed up."
He laughs and shakes his head, "I'll see what I can do, but for what it’s worth, I think you’re just as pretty minus the lip gloss."
"Yeah, yeah, yeah....you do act for a living, you could be lying through your teeth right now,” she scolds him. "But I would greatly appreciate some of those hair and make-up people."
I laugh, "You’re still the same old you, Krista."
"Of course, who else would I be?"
I laugh and hug her again, "God I missed you."
"I've missed you to, from now on; we let the bodyguards do the driving, k?"
"Agreed,” I tell her and pull back smiling. "Have the doctors said how long you'll have to stay?"
"Uh, if I'm doing good, which I am by the way...then maybe by the end of the week, what about you?"
"I'll probably get to leave soon because it’s just my legs that are the issue. But I was thinking, has Scott told you about my school situation?"
She nods and frowns, "Yes. What the hell am I supposed to do without you there?!"
"Well, if Scott's ok with it, I was thinking maybe you could come home with me. Liam says we have a house there, and the guys are going to be in L.A doing interviews and stuff for the movie...want to come keep me company?"
She gets a big grin on her face and looks at Scott, "Honey, I'm not even asking for permission...I'm going!"
"Well I'm glad you want to... it makes it lots easier security wise. I was worried I'd have to argue with you about not taking you to L.A."
She shakes her head, "Nah, I’ve got two of L.A’s hottest celebrities right here,” She points to him and Liam, “Why would I need to go there to see more?”
"Besides, I promised you stories and pictures of a certain someone.” I say with a mischievous smile.
She gets a happy glint in her eyes and sneaks a look at Liam and starts giggling.
"Whoa, wait...what stories and pictures?” Liam asks with his arms crossed.
"Oh, just my own personal stash of the "Before he was a star" variety,"
He groans and covers his face, "Oh God."
"Oh man! Can I get in on this stash?” Scott asks with a big grin.
Liam yells, "No!” just as Krista and I yell “Yes!” and we all break into a laughing fit, and it really feels good to laugh again.


Chapter 16
Two weeks later, we're both hospital free and have gotten settled into our new home away from home. The first week was spent in my parents house while Liam got our house set up, but now we're all set in our own space and I'm finally getting around with just the help of crutches and the aide of my Mom, who insists on hovering over me as much as she can.
"Mom, really...I'm ok, Liam's not even two feet away from me, I'm not going to hurt myself.” I tell her exasperated as I get over towards the couch.
"Katelyn Marie, I've told you before, I'm your mother and it's my job to take care of you, even when you’re 24."
I roll my eyes and give Liam a pleading look that he just returns a smile to.
"Thanks again for helping out Mrs. Parker...we really appreciate it.”
She just beams at him and I mouth, "Suck up!” to Liam.
When she finally leaves the room, I use a pillow to cover my face, "I feel like a little kid! I'm doing a lot better at getting around with these things, your right there, Krista's just down the hall...can't I tell her to go back home now, please?” I pout at him.
"You’re adorable when you pout.” He smirks and slides closer to me while wrapping his arms around me, "But she is your Mama, and you've always been very independent, it’s her only chance to be hands on for your own good."
I lean my head on his shoulder and sigh, "When's your flight?"
"7. And Mitchell has already called and told me like 3 different places I need to show my face at as soon as I land there. People everywhere want to know about the accident and about Alexia's role in it. At least I can just do the whole "no comment" thing,” he says with a shrug, "I'm going to ask everyone to keep a look out for her though, people know her face just as much as mine. But still....I don't want you-"

"Going out alone, being without a bodyguard at any time...I know.” I roll my eyes. He's been repeating all this to me every day. Liam and Scott have both been extra protective of Krista and me leading up to when they have to leave for L.A. Scott's already left and even as he was walking out the door he was drilling the same speech into Krista's head.

"I'm sorry I'm being annoying about it,” he says tucking my hair behind my ear, "But I refuse to take any chances with your safety."
"I don't think my safety is in any danger with Mike and Rick around, have you seen them?"
He laughs and kisses me as I hear Krista walk into the room and clear her throat. "Ok, none of the kissy kissy in front of me when I can't have any from my guy.” she says with a pout as she sits across from us.
"Hey, I'm just getting them while I can; he leaves in a few hours.” I tell her with a small frown.
"Hasn't Scott called since he got into L.A.?"
She nods, "He has. He has an interview with...some network or other, in an hour. Then he's doing a photo shoot with Aria for movie posters, and who knows what else.” she sighs and runs a hand through her curls. "I just miss him. He’s been with me like 24/7 for over a month, I'm kind of attached."
"Well, for the next week you have me to keep you company while the boys are busy working” I tell her with a smile. "We'll see what trouble we can get into."
She laughs and pulls her legs up under her, "Oh, I'm sure there are all kinds of trouble to get into around here."
Liam sighs shaking his head, "Please…don't get into too much trouble, for my own peace of mind?"
Krista gives him her best innocent face, "You don't trust me?"
He narrows his eyes at her, "I happen to have heard some stories of you girls' trouble."

She just rolls her eyes, "We were younger then...besides, we have celebrities for boyfriends now, we aren't going to be flirting up anymore. And in case you missed it, Kate's got crutches; we can't do a whole lot of anything right now."
"Trust me that is something I haven't missed."
"Well, since we can't do much out and about, we can just stay in and watch some of those home movies I told you about, Kris.” I say with a smile and look over at Liam.
"Oh goody! Those are going to be so much fun!” she claps her hands and I can't help but laugh.
"I think that's my cue to get my last minute things packed.” Liam grumbles kissing my cheek as he stands up. "Try not to embarrass me too much, ok?"
"Me? Never,” I smile and wave as he walks out of the room.
"Ok…so,” Krista says and walks over to plop down beside me. "When can we get our hands on these home movies and even better...old pictures?’ she asks with a smile.
"I had my mom grab them before she came over. Liam's mom and my mom are like, best friends; she likes to tell stories about him just as much as his mom does. She'll probably jump right in and tell you every embarrassing thing she remembers."
"Ooh, even better! You know, it's kind of fun to see more into his real world. I mean, outside of ya'lls relationship and stuff,” she waves her hand in the air. "It's hard to imagine him ever not having that perfectly styled hair and killer wardrobe."
I elbow her, "You checking out my husband's clothes now?” I tease her and she just smiles.
"Of course, he's got a nice butt!” She shrugs, "But I'm sorry to tell you, Scott's butt is much hotter."
I laugh shaking my head, "You’re a mess, Kris...so, when do you get to see into Scott's pre-fame life? Is he taking you home anytime soon?"
"We've talked about it...but I'm scared to death of his parents."
I frown at that, "Why?"
"Well, from what he's told me, his parents are very...uptight, prim and proper type people. And look at me, Kate.” She looks down, "I wear miniskirts, and halter tops and very high heels. How are they going to accept their son dating someone like me?"
"For one thing, Scott loves and adores you. They have to of seen that from how he stayed by your side after the accident. And for another, you’re not one of those fake plastic Hollywood chicks that are going to go in there and put on an act the whole time. You’re real, Krista. If Scott loves you, they will too."
"I sure hope so” she says softly and squeezes my hand. "Ok, enough about that. Ask your mama to bring in those movies!"
I laugh and yell, “Mom!”
She runs into the room and looks me over, "Katelyn, are you ok?"
"I'm fine, I swear. Could you bring those movies I asked you to bring in here please?"
She gets a smile on her face and nods, "Oh it’s so fun to look back at those videos! You two were just so young and I swear that Fiona and I just knew that you and Liam were meant to be together...” she rambles as she goes into the other room to fish through her bag of things she calls a purse. "Oh, here they are!"
Just as she's putting a video into the VCR, Liam walks in pulling along his suitcase and carrying a duffel bag. "Do I even want to know what you’re about to watch?” he asks as he leans down to kiss me.
I laugh and shake my head, "Probably not,” I kiss him back, "Are you heading out?"
He nods and looks at his watch, "Yep, we're on a tight schedule and if I run behind, I'm in big trouble."
"I love you...have a safe trip.” I push myself up and grab my crutches to be able to stand and hug him and give him a last kiss.
"I will.” He kisses me again and leans over to hug Krista then walks over to my mom.
"Mrs. Parker, always nice to come back home and see you.” he says with his movie star grin and hugs her.
"Now Liam, you know by now that you can call me Stella.” she mock scolds him.
He just laughs, "My Dad would have my hide for calling you that though."
She laughs and pats his arm and turns back to fix the video.
"I love you, Katy. Try to keep from getting into too much trouble, ok? That goes for you to, Krista."
"Hey. I'm not making any promises.” Krista says with a grin.
"Oh man, does Scott have his hands full with you.” He shakes his head and looks at his watch again, "Oh crap, I'm late...got to go!” he quickly kisses my cheek and grabs his suitcase and bag and runs out the door.
"Ok, Mr. No Fun is gone, let's watch!” Krista proclaims with a clap of her hands and my mom slides a video in.

Chapter 17
"Ugh...maybe this wasn't a good idea.” I mumble covering my face at a part of the video that involves me and Liam awkwardly dancing and me obviously not happy about it.
"Aww, Kate you were so cute! How old were you here?” Krista asks.
"She was 14 or 15, we were at a friend's wedding.” my mom tells her with a reminiscing smile. "We made the kids take dance lessons the year before, and Fiona, that's Liam's mom by the way, and I wanted them to put it to use. So we got them together then. I remember you were so perturbed Katelyn.” She laughs lost in her memories.
"Can we fast forward through this now?” I ask innocently.
"No!” Krista pipes in and I send her a glare. "I can't believe Liam really dyed his hair like that, red tips, really?"
I laugh despite myself, "He thought it made him look older and cooler."
"Well, the older part worked,” Krista says with a shrug, "Let me guess...this led up to you two dating?"
I frown stopping to think about it, "No. We didn't officially start dating until a year later. He was dating a few different girls” I say rolling my eyes, "And I was dating this Thomas guy..."
"Oh I remember Thomas.” My mom says and comes to sit beside us. "I remember there was a night the two of you went to the movies and Liam came over because he wanted to see you, just after he broke it off with that Mady girl I think...anyway, when I told him you were on a date he got so mad! I've never seen him like that. He thanked me and just took off running to his car and sped right down the road."
"You know I always wondered how he knew where to find me at.” I shake my head and sigh, "That night was actually our first kiss.” I bite my lip and feel myself blushing.
"Oooh, spill! Tell us all about it!” Krista's eyes sparkle as she scoots closer.
I take a peek at my mom and shake my head, "No, you know...awkward first kisses are all the same...” I start picking at an invisible string on my pants.

"Ok, I get it, some things just aren't to be talked about in front of Mom,” she pats my knee and looks at the clock, "It's getting late anyway, I bet your Dad is about ready to attempt cooking, and we both know that is never good."
I laugh shaking my head, "No it's not. Thanks again Mom."
"Of course, sweetheart, I'll come by tomorrow afternoon.” She kisses my forehead and waves at Krista then makes her way out the door.
"Alright, spill.” Krista says with a big grin as she gets comfy.
"Ok, the reason Liam was so mad that day was because he told me that day that he was falling in love with me, and that he was breaking up with whoever he was with then to be with me. Well, like I said, I was with Thomas at the time, so I told him to just forget about it, it was just a stupid crush and all that.” I take a breath and lean back on the couch cushions, "When Thomas and I walked out of the movie theater that night, Liam was there leaning against his car and he was really pissed off. I told Thomas to go on and when I confronted Liam, he grabbed me and pushed me against his car and just kissed me. And I mean a real kiss...not just a peck on the lips.” I blush and look down, "When we stopped, he just looked at me and told me it was much more than a crush and that from then on I was his and if he had to he would fight Thomas for me."
Krista gets a knowing smile on her face, "You dumped Thomas right then and there, didn't you?"
"I...gave it a couple days. To see if Liam was really serious or not, and he made himself stuck to my side...so I didn't have much of a choice.” I reply with a sheepish smile.
She laughs at me and I smile as my phone rings, "Oh...guess Liam finally got into his hotel...Hello?” I answer.
"Hey baby,” he says with a yawn.
"Aw..Long day?"
"M-hmm....a lot of club hopping to have my face in the mags for a bit, tons of questions from every paparazzo that came near me. I'm already ready to get back home."
“I wish I was there with you,” I say softly and tuck my hair behind my ear, "Stupid messed up legs."
"I like you being where you are, I know you’re safe and cared for there. Anyways, what troubles have you and Krista found since I left?”
I roll my eyes at the subject change but decide to let it slide, "Oh not much...I just told Krista about the night you came to interrupt my date with Thomas."
I can almost hear him smile, "Mmm...I remember that night."
"Ha! I'm sure you do. You swore you loved me that day."
"I did. And I still do, Katy. If I had to pull something like I did back then again, I would of. I would just have bodyguards announcing I was there before hand.” He adds with a laugh.
I laugh with him and sigh, "I really miss you...I got used to having you around."
"I miss you too baby. Just a couple days and I'll be back again, I promise. Maybe the next time I need to come here or to New York you can come be my arm candy."
I laugh louder and shake my head, "I am not a trophy wife, Liam Warren."
"No, never...but you are my prize, much more than any awards I have sitting on my shelves."
"That was totally cheesy...but I'll take it.” I say with a smile. "You sound like you need to go to bed, babe."
He sighs and I can picture him rubbing his eyes, "I do. Have to be up early for interviews and then a photo shoot; at least I get to see Scott then."
"Well you boys stay out of trouble,” I tease him.
"Us? Of course, we never get into trouble, Hollywood's Golden Boys, remember?"
"M-hmm, I'll hold you to that."
He laughs and it turns into a yawn, "I love you, Katy. Sweet dreams."
"I love you too, sweet dreams."

Several hours later, I was awoken by the sound of things being moved around in the living room. At first I thought it might have been Krista but then I heard the voice, and I was terrified.
“Stupid girls…they really think those big burly bodyguards can keep me away...they don't know just how far a little poison can go,” Alexia laughs and I shiver.
I quickly grab my phone and send a text to both Krista and Liam’s phones.
“Oh my God…Alexia’s here! Poisoned the BG”
Not but a couple minutes later I get one back from Krista, “Don’t make a sound. Don’t let her know where you are.”
“Easier said than done,” I whisper and have to cover my mouth to keep from screaming when I hear heavy footsteps going down the hall.
Then my door is thrown open and in walks Alexia Dalton. She looks so different from the last time I saw her. Now instead of perfect curls, just right make up and lipstick, her hair looks like she just rolled out bed, she has circles under her eyes and her clothes look grungy. This whole picture is just wrong.

"A...Alexia...you don't want to hurt me.” I say meekly.
She narrows her eyes and steps closer to me, "Oh, but I do. I was supposed to have everything…The career, the best looks, the guy. You took that from me! You were supposed to die. Liam was supposed to come back to me, he loves me. He knows he does! He just wants to humor you for the sake of your past. I'M his future! Not you! It’s time for you to leave now, Katy."
She pulls a gun out from her side and my breath catches. "Alexia, this isn't you. Not over a guy! You’re beautiful...and millions of people all over the world love you…” I babble trying to make myself some time.
She laughs bitterly, "Like they matter. Liam matters...you've ruined everything!" She aims the gun at me and I scream throwing myself off the bed. But when I hear the gun go off it isn't being aimed towards me.
When I lift my head, Krista is standing in the doorway holding a gun and I notice there's now blood pouring out of Alexia's middle. Alexia gasps out a breath and tries to move towards Krista just as she shoots again and I can't help but cover my head as Alexia's body crumbles to the floor. I break down in sobs. Oh God, is this really happening? This is how Alexia got her justice? 
"Kate!” Krista yells putting the gun down and running over to me, "Are you ok?” she asks as she pats me down all over.
I just nod and try catching my breath again, "I'm ok. I'm ok. Oh my God,” I grab onto her, "You have to call the cops!"
"I already have sweetie. Everything's ok now, this is over.” She looks over at Alexia's now lifeless body and just shakes her head and wipes away any tears building there, "This is over,” she whispers and hugs me tight.

Chapter 18
"When did you get so good with a gun?” I whisper as we huddle together and hear distant police sirens.
She smiles softly and grips a hold of my hand, "My dad made me take some defensive courses, including gun safety when I was in high school. I always keep a gun in my purse. Don’t worry, I’m licensed.”
Yeah, because that's what I'm worried about right now, I take a deep breath and cover my face to try to make the tears pass but there's so much adrenaline in me right now that I can't seem to control any bit of emotion right now.
Krista just hugs me until we hear a banging on the door and someone yell, "Police!"

She gently untangles herself from me and runs to the front door to let them in and I curl into myself as I hear her telling the story of what happened. The next moment, a police officer and a couple paramedics come into the room.
The paramedics come over to me, "Ma'am, are you ok?"
I nod shakily, "She didn't do anything to me...I have a fractured leg from an accident a month ago, but she didn't hurt me anymore."
"Ok, ma'am, but we're going to look you all over just in case."

I just nod again and let them take all my vitals and see another team of people come into the room to take pictures of everything and gather the gun up. Then I notice someone has a body bag and have to cover my face because I don't think I can handle seeing what's left of Alexia. All that beauty and talent all lost for nothing, jealousy destroyed her.
Before the paramedics leave the room, I stop one of them "Our bodyguards, she mentioned something about poisoning them. Are they ok?"
"Yes ma'am, we found them knocked out in their cars out front. They're going to need recovery time, but they'll be alright.” he nods at me and he and his partner leave the room.
When I finally see Krista come back into the room, I feel completely drained.
"Are you ok?” I ask her worriedly.
She nods and squeezes my hand again, "Just had to answer a lot of questions and fill them in on what happened with the accident and everything."

"Oh God, I need to call Liam, and you need to call Scott!"
"I already did sweetie,” she says calmly and hugs me, "They're getting the first flight out. They already informed the important people of what's happened and they've rescheduled all interviews and everything. Everything's going to be alright, ok? How about we call your Mom to see if we can stay there until they get here, I don't think I can stand to sit in this room another second."
"I agree. Could you help me into the living room?"
She pulls my arm through hers and I limp into the living room and watch all the madness of the police collecting evidence and speaking with neighbors and everything.
"We really need to get out of here.” I whisper shaking my head as I call my parent's house and relay our ordeal. As expected my mother starts having a meltdown and my dad comes on the phone to tell me he'll come pick us up.
"All set.” I tell Krista taking in everything going on around us. "When do you think the guys will be here?"
"Just a few hours...and I swear if they think they can get away with going somewhere without us again, they have another thing coming. Scott is staying at the very least in the same state as me from now on."
"That's going to go double for Liam.” I sigh closing my eyes for a minute, "God, I'm so glad this is all over. I hate that it came down to my life or hers...but I'm glad it's over."
Krista just walks over and hugs me, "Me too."
Later, I've crashed in my old room from pure mental and emotional exhaustion when Liam barrels in and I barely get to open my eyes before I'm in his arms and his head is buried in my neck,  “Baby, I'm so sorry....I shouldn't have even gone to L.A...If Krista hadn't been there,” his voice cracks and I pull back to look him in the eyes.
"Hey...I'm alright. Krista WAS there, don't let the what-ifs get the best of you, ok? I've had enough of that running through my head as is.” I tell him and hug him tight, "I'm so glad you're here."
He lets out a breath and looks me up and down, "You’re sure you’re ok?"
I nod, "I am, I swear. What’s going to happen now, Liam?” I ask in a whisper.
He lets out a frustrated sigh, "A lot of headaches most likely. Krista will probably have the worst of it because she's the one that shot Alexia, but I think with all the evidence it'll be obvious that she acted in self-defense."
I close my eyes wishing I could block out the memories. "What time is it? Is Krista still up?"
"She's resettling down for the night with Scott right now. I think she just wants to forget as much as she can right now."

I sigh and pull him onto the bed with me and lay my head on his chest, "I don't blame her. I would like nothing more than to never have to face those memories ever again."
"I didn't get your text...I slept through the noise. Then Krista called Scott and he ran and was banging on my door like a mad man and it finally woke me up...” He shakes his head and kisses my forehead, "When I found out what happened, the first thing I did was call the airline and got us tickets on the earliest flight possible. Then I called Mitchell and the director and let them deal with calling whoever was in charge of interviews and everything to reschedule them. All I cared about was getting back here."
"I'm glad you did...or else I would have been itching to find a way to get where you were."
"Katy, I swear, I'm never letting you out of my sight again.” he leans over and kisses me and grips his hand in my hair. "You could have been gone tonight...and the last time you would have saw me would have been me rushing out the door to get to another airplane..."
"Liam..."
He silences me by kissing me again before kissing down my neck and all my breath leaves me, he leans his head on mine and lets out a breath, "I don't want you to think that work comes before you do, baby. I might be this big actor now, but I made that mistake once. I refuse to make it again. You are my priority, not the filming or awards or any of that. God, all I can think about is Alexia could of gotten her way and shot you, and I wouldn't have had my chance to tell you over and over that I'm so sorry about who I was four years ago, and that I love you more than ever and I really want to marry you all over again and someday have miniature versions of us running around, if you’ll have me.” He says softly and looks me in the eye.
Tears swim in my eyes but I lean up and kiss him with all the pent up love and hope I have inside me, “I will. The last four years may have been a mess, but we have the future. I don't plan on running away this time around."
He gets a big grin on his face and then there's no space between us, he kisses me and runs his hand under my shirt  kissing his way down my neck and then my shoulder as he removes my shirt he looks down at me, "Is this ok?” he asks breathlessly and all I can do is nod.
My shirt is off in the next moment and I yank his off over his head and run my hands over his tight ab muscles and I hear a groan from deep in his throat, “I’ve missed being this close to you, Katy.” He pushes my hair back and starts an agonizing trail of kisses down my shoulders, my chest and my stomach, it’s not very long before we’re both stripped down and wrapped up in each other’s arms.
“I have too….I missed you every day, Liam. Right now, I just want to focus on that love we pushed away for so long. Tonight, let this be all that matters,” I start kissing him and sink into the oblivion of us.


Chapter 19
The next morning when I wake up and go to roll over, I almost forget that Liam is there and have to stop myself from smacking him in the face.
"Good morning.” I whisper kissing his cheek and laying my head on his chest.
"Morning,” He mumbles and rubs his eyes, "Are you ok?” He asks with concern and I smile.
"I'm great.” I tell him with a sigh, "But I want to go check on Krista, and I need to go to the doctor to get my leg looked over and if I'm lucky be able to get rid of the crutches once and for all."
He nods as he untangles us and gets out of bed and I enjoy the view for a minute. Krista's right...he does have a really nice butt.
"See something you like?” I hear Liam tease me and I throw a pillow at him.
"Maybe,” I laugh and climb out and put a little pressure onto my foot to see if I can at least hobble around without the aid of the crutches.
"Easy there, Katy."
"I've got it. I can't depend on crutches forever, and I've been going to physical therapy and all.” I shake my head and maneuver myself to grab my clothes and get dressed and give him a triumphant smile, "See?"
He shakes his head and walks over to help support me as we walk out of the room.
"Do you think Krista's ok?” I ask as I sit at the table.
He sits across from me and frowns, "I think she's going to need some time. She's going to need to speak with police a lot and let her side of everything be known. Then once everything on our end is settled, we want to get you girls out of town.” he reaches over and grips my hand. "This was supposed to be a safe get away...we're going to take a real vacation once all this is done. The four of us, does the beach sound good?"
"The beach sounds fabulous right now,” Krista says as she walks in and sits beside me, "So much better than drab police headquarters."

"Are you doing ok, Kris?” I ask as I lean over to hug her.
"Yes...and I'm already tired of being asked that! The police, Scott, even your parents! I swear, I'm ok, I don't regret shooting her; I would do it all over again to protect you. After what happened to Luke, I think its deserved justice."
"I wouldn't let the police hear you talk like that, babe” Scott says as he walks in and kisses her cheek, "Just saying."
She rolls her eyes and grabs a banana from the bowl in the middle of the table, "I can't wait to have all eyes off of me again. How do you guys handle having so many pay attention to you all the time?"
"That's different.” Scott shrugs and leans back in the chair, "That's not legal attention. Just girls who think they'll get a shot at us if we give them the time of day."
"You better not give any of those girls any time of your day...because as far as I'm concerned Mister, you’re all mine.” she teasingly threatens him and leans over to give him a long kiss that makes Liam clear his throat loudly to break them up.
“Sorry,” Scott says sheepishly and grabs his own fruit to start munching on. “What time do we need to be at the police station?”
“10.” Krista tells him checking her phone for the time. “We’ll need to leave soon.”
He nods chomping on his apple and stalks off to the guest room to get changed and Krista begrudgingly follows behind him.

"I worry about her,” I whisper to Liam, "This is really a big deal, and I know her, it just hasn't hit her yet."
"I know babe, but she’s tough. I even know that and I haven't known her very long. She didn't do anything wrong. Scott is there to help her through this now."
Sighing, I squeeze his hand, I know, I'm just used to being the one there for her."
"What did I tell you about taking on the weight of the world? Sometimes other people can take a turn, Katy. Not everything has to be on your shoulders."
"I know but-.."
"No buts, she is your best friend, but she's got a man to protect her now. And that's my job for you from now on."
I lean over and kiss him, "I love you...you don't have to have the weight of guilt on you either. You don't have to feel guilty for not being there, ok? You have a job. A real big important job that a lot of people depend on you for...you shouldn't have to sit and babysit me."
"Well, I have to say. It's the best damn babysitting job ever,” he replies with a smirk and I shove his shoulder.
"You are a mess, Liam Warren."
"But I'm all your mess, Mrs. Warren.” He says in a whisper against my lips as he kisses me again.
"Mmm...That you are, so, what are our plans after today?"
"I need to talk with Scott, but I was thinking once Krista's cleared of any wrong doing that maybe we could all get the first flight out of here, to somewhere secluded. And then, if you’re willing, I thought we could discuss plans of that second wedding you talked about? Unless that was medicine induced thoughts?” he teases with an almost apprehensive look on his face.
"It wasn't...I would love to plan it. But don't we kind of need to wait to see if Scott really plans on you know.” I whisper and point to my ring finger, "Before doing much planning about that?"
He gets a secretive smile, "Don't worry about that babe. I'll get us an on-the-beach hotel and away from the public eye...and maybe we can just have someone bring in racks of wedding dresses or something."
"Uh, no...If we're going dress shopping we're going to get the full experience. Stepping in front of those huge mirrors and trying on like thirty different ones before getting the perfect one. You know every little girls dream.”
He laughs softly and kisses my forehead, "Since the last time around, I made you miss out on that dream, I'll let you live it up this time baby."
"I really don't want a Hollywood affair though, Liam. Just our closest friends and family and a good day” I shrug, "That's all I want."
“I can do that, and maybe some surprises along the way too.”
I raise an eyebrow to that but don’t say anything. I can just imagine what kind of tricks he could have up his sleeve. But a wedding would be his day to…and quite possibly also Krista and Scott’s day all in one. I’ll let him have his surprises.

A few hours later, I'm done with my doctor’s appointment and we just sit in the car for a minute enjoying the silence.
"So, what do you want to do now?” Liam asks as he grabs onto my hand.
"I really don't want to go back to my parents’ house,” I frown.
He laughs and starts the car, "I know of somewhere we can go."
"And that would be?"
"You'll see."

With that he smiles and starts the car and begins taking some very familiar back roads and I smile back, "We're going to the theater aren't we?"
He nods, "We are."
A few minutes later, he pulls around the back of the theater and shakes hand with the security guy that is with us and smiles seeing the theater owner standing near the door.
"So nice to see you again, Theo,” Liam tells the owner and shakes his hand.
"I can't believe my eyes to see your Katy beside you again.” Theo grins and I reach out my hand to shake his.
"Hello, Theo.” I tell him with a smile as he motions for us to go on.
"So...what are we doing here?” I ask curiously as I look around at the place that used to be such a second home to us when Liam was starting out in the acting world. This is the place that he got his big break, and became our eventual downfall. But it was also the place that I fell even more in love with him watching him captivate so many other people every week.
"This is one of my surprises.” He tugs me into the room and my eyes widen when I see the stage. It's all decorated with many bouquets of flowers. A simple table with a silky table cloth and a single red rose in a black vase in the center, and two chairs with satin covers.
Liam pulls me forward and sits me at the table as he goes around to each bouquet and pulls out a single flower until he's made his own rainbow of a bouquet. He smiles tentatively at me and slowly makes his way back over to me.

"Katy, I know that I royally screwed up four years ago. This is the very stage I gave that grand performance on that got me noticed by Excite and turned my world, our world, upside down. I used to think that that was my biggest moment, my greatest accomplishment. But I was wrong, and do you know why?"
I just shake my head mesmerized by him, "Why?"
"Because you are my greatest accomplishment, Katy, without you I wouldn't have ever had the confidence to even pursue this life. You pushed me to come here and audition that first time. And then after we got married, everything happened so fast and I forgot to look at the person beside me, instead of those all around me.” He takes a deep breath and kneels down on one knee and hands me the bouquet, "I love you Katy Warren."
I take a big breath of the flowers and a tear rolls down my cheek, "I love you too."
He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a small red ring box and my eyes widen.
"Katelyn Marie Warren, will you do me the honor of marrying me again?"
I laugh through tears and slide off the chair to kneel beside him and nod, "Yes!"
He gets a large grin on his face as he slide the simple princess cut ring onto my finger and pulls me against him kissing me deeply, “I can’t wait to see you in a wedding dress,” he says with a twinkle in his eye and I laugh wiping my tears away.
“This was definitely a good surprise.” I say admiring my new ring.
"Just don't expect jewelry with every surprise, ok?” He says with a smirk.
My only response is a laugh and to kiss him again.

Chapter 20
By the time we return home, Krista and Scott are in the kitchen helping my parents make dinner.
"Hey...how did things go?” I ask Krista as I cross the room to hug her.
"Good. They made me go over every single detail...again. And took notes on every little thing. I've pretty much been cleared of anything wrong. And! We have permission to leave the city as long as they have our contact info."
"Oh that's great!” I smile and squeeze her hand, and it's then that she notices the new ring on my hand.
"Oh my God, what is that?!” Her eyes widen as she looks between me and Liam.
"He re-proposed.” I grin as Liam walks over and wraps his arm around my waist, "So of course I said yes!"
She squeals and hugs me tight and pulls my hand up to admire the ring, "Nice job Warren."
He laughs shaking his head, "Thanks."
“Oh Katelyn, I’m so happy for you two. I always knew that somehow you would work it all out” my mom walks over and hugs me then leans over to pull Liam into hug to, “Liam Warren, if you hurt her again, I can’t promise that Phil or Derek won’t hurt you,” She gives him a stern look.
“Yes ma’am. I don’t plan on ever being that stupid again.”
“That’s real good to hear son,” My dad tells him slapping him hard on the back with an amused smile and then hugs me.
“Congrats man.” Scott gives Liam a high five, “Sounds like we’ve got some celebrating to do!”
"That we do man.” Liam smiles, “But I think the celebrating can wait till we make it to that get away. I want to be as far from prying eyes and cameras as possible."
"I'm on it.” Scott tells him and pats his shoulder as he pulls his phone out and walks into the other room.
"Ok Kate, you have to tell me all about the proposal!” Krista grins and pulls me over to the table making me laugh.

"It was all so sweet and romantic.” I sigh thinking about it. "After my doctor's appointment he took me to the theater that he used to perform in. He had the stage all decked out in different color roses and silk drapery stuff, and a little table with a single red rose in the center. He went around every bouquet there was on stage and pulled a rose from it and made me a new bouquet. He got down on one knee,” I hold my left hand up, “And I said yes!”
Krista reaches over and hugs me tight and as she pulls back I notice tears in her eyes, "I'm so happy for you, Kate. Over the last couple years that I've known you, you've always been reserved and kept a wall up, even with me and Luke. But I can see Liam's knocking that wall down and I'm happy for it, you’re a totally different person, and I like this Kate, or Katy, Katelyn, whatever you want to be called anymore! I love you Kate, and I'm just a teensy bit jealous.” she says with a teasing smile and I lean over to hug her again.
"I love you too, Kris. And for what it’s worth...I really don't think you’re going to have to feel jealous of this for too long.” I grin mischievously at her.
She raises an eyebrow and looks towards where Scott walked out, "You really think so?"
I nod, "I do. He loves you a lot Krista. I don't think there's any chance of him letting you go."
She gets a big grin on her face and squeezes my hand as Liam comes to sit next to me.
"What are you two whispering about?"
"Nothing, just girly chat,” Krista smiles, "So, did Scott find any good deals?"
Liam nods, "He did, and we’re going to leave out first thing in the morning."
"Where are we going?” I ask curiously.
"That will be a surprise.” he winks at us and laughs at our frowning faces.
"Another surprise?” I ask.
He nods, "M-hmm...remember I said to not expect jewelry with every surprise though."
I laugh, "I believe this is plenty jewelry for me for a long time."
He kisses my forehead and walks in to chat with Scott.
"But maybe I'll get jewelry with this surprise.” Krista smiles, "We need to find out if we need bikinis for this trip or to bundle up though.” she says with a frown.
"Yeah, like the guys are going to let us walk around in bikinis anymore."
“Good point, to many sleazy people with cameras."
"Exactly, sleazy money hungry people that want the perfect picture of us looking bad in a swimsuit or even kissing.” I sigh, "Guess we better get used to it though."
"Mmm, let me go bug Scott to see if we need to make a shopping trip for different clothes before we go.” she pats my leg and gets up and I decide to get up and follow her to find Liam.

As I walk up to him, I slip my hand into his, "Krista's going to ask Scott, but I thought I'd ask you too...can I get at least a tiny hint of where we're going?” I mock pout at him.
"No...And put that lip back up.” He leans down and kisses me, "Let us surprise you girls."
"But we need to know what to pack. Do we need swimsuits?"
He narrows his eyes, "No bikinis in public...ever again. I don't want anyone else to see what's supposed to be for my eyes only, Katy."
I roll my eyes, "Yeah. I kind of figured that.” I sigh, "So, what would be appropriate for wherever we're going then?"
"Hmmm, t-shirts, tank tops, shorts, flip flops. Ok, and swimsuits, but they are to be worn under a tank top and swim shorts,” he points a finger at me, "The last thing I want to imagine is having some blown up pic for perverted teenage boys to hang on their walls being in a magazine somewhere."
"Yes sir.” I laugh and give him a slow kiss, "Guess I better get packing then. Should I put your bag together too?”
"Nah, I'll get my stuff thrown together. Love you.”
"Love you too.” I give him another lingering kiss then look over at Krista and Scott who are being just as lovey dovey.
"Want to come help pack up with me, Kris?” I interrupt with my hands on my hips.
"Ok...love you Scotty.” she stands on her tip toes and to give him another kiss and a smoldering look before linking her arm with mine.
"Scotty?” I giggle.
"What? It's a pet name...and he likes it,” she shrugs with a smile, "He has one for me too, ya know."
"And that is?"
"Krissy.” She whispers.
I stop her and raise an eyebrow, "What was that?"
She sighs dramatically and rolls her eyes, "Krissy, Ok? He calls me Krissy.” a blush starts on her cheeks and I can't help but start giggling as she shoves me as we get into my bedroom.
"So...Liam calls you Katy. And your real name is Katelyn. Maybe I should start calling you that, Katelyn.” She says in a sing-song voice and I throw a pillow at her.
"Only my mom calls me Katelyn.” I roll my eyes, "Even my dad calls me Kate," I stop to think for a minute, "I don't know where Liam got Katy from, but he's always called me that.” I shrug grabbing my suitcase.
"Because he's always been in love with you, Kate, that's kind of obvious."
"But it wasn't always obvious, at least not to me. There was a time that we hated each other's guts. But we obviously grew out of that.” I say with a secret smile.
"Oh man, I can just imagine the stories your mothers have to tell.” she giggles. "So what are we packing?"
"Liam says swimsuits, but they can't be visible outside of tank tops and shorts.” I roll my eyes, "Tanks, shorts, flip flops etc. Beach gear, hopefully where we're going is far enough away from the paparazzi."
"No kidding, I'd rather be able to keep Scott relaxed and happy then on edge the whole time. Every time we've left the house, he's been so jumpy. I hate it. I think we're all in desperate need of this vacation."
"I agree completely! Hand me that stack of clothes over there will you?"
She nods and places them by the suitcase, "I'll help you if you help me,” she says sweetly.
"Of course, what are best friends for?” I smile at her and start folding and putting things away.
Around twenty minutes later, I've got all my things packed away and head down to the room Krista and Scott share.
"Ok, what all do you need, Kris?” I ask surveying the room.
"Um...grab those bags over there.” she points to the corner and when I pick them up I'm surprised by how heavy they feel, "What the heck is in these?"
"Make-up.” she shrugs and rummages through her clothes for something.
I give her incredulous look, "You can NOT take this much make up with you."
"Why not?” She puts her hands on her hips, "It's not like it’s going to hurt anybody. I need all that stuff."
"No...We’re going somewhere it's obviously very hot and probably going to be around plenty of places to swim in. You don't need much make-up, Kris."
She huffs thinking about it and motions for me to hand one of the bags over, "Fine, I'll just bring water-proof stuff, happy?"
I laugh shaking my head, "Very. How the heck does Scott keep up with all your personality and luggage?"
She gets a smitten grin on her face, "Because he loves me, and he likes to look like a big tough guy."
I smile and watch my beaming best friend. I can hardly believe where we are today. A year ago, we were stuck to our books and worrying about what the future might hold. Yet here we are with two amazing guys and all kinds of possibilities for the future.
"So, how are you doing with the online classes?” I ask as I help to fold up one of her outfits.
"Good actually, it's kind of nice to be able to do all the work in private and just watch videos of the lectures. It's hard to believe we'll be getting our degrees soon and we won't even be able to attend graduation."
I frown, "Maybe by then this whole case will be closed and we can. Just to show everyone that we did it,” I shrug, "Have you put any thought into jobs once you have your degree in hand?"
"I have...I want to be a counselor, maybe in a junior high or high school. I really connect with kids that age and I want to be able to make a difference somehow. I'm waiting to put any feelers out though until I know what's going to be our future. If...things go in a certain direction, I want to work close by wherever he has a place at, you know? What about you?"
"I want to see about being a Therapist or something along those lines. If we end up in L.A, I have a feeling our degrees will get put to good use with all the celebrities and their train wrecks."
"Hey! I resent that.” Scott walks in and acts hurt. "I am not a train wreck, and I'm a celebrity."
Krista smiles up at him and kisses his cheek, "Yes sweetheart, but have you looked around at your fellow Hollywood hotties? Most of them are in and out of rehab."

"Point taken,” he shrugs, "Just remember, Liam and I are the "Golden Boys” we have a reputation to uphold.” He slings his arm around Krista's shoulder.
Liam walks in and looks around, "What did I miss?"
"Just talking about how our degrees in Psychology will probably go far if we were to work in L.A, with all the celebrity crazy.” I tell him and grab his hand.
"You know babe, you won't have to work at all. I make plenty."
I roll my eyes at that, "Yes, so you've told me. But I didn't work my butt off the last 3 years to throw it away and sit at home while you jet around for movie after movie. I need a purpose to."
He sets his mouth in a tight line and gives a look to Scott.
"Hey baby, how about we go see what DVD stash Kate's mom has?” Scott says pulling her out of the room and closing it behind him.

"What?” I ask crossing my arms.
"I know we haven't had a chance to really discuss it yet...but I was thinking maybe after we get out the honeymoon phase again, we could...start a family."
I look up at him, "You want a baby?"
He walks forward and grabs my hand looking at my new ring, "Yes. That's why I don't want you to go and work right away, Katy. I've wanted to have a family with you as long as I can remember, even before we ever got married.” he pulls me closer to him and wraps his arms around my waist, "And it's not to save our marriage or anything either, because we did that on our own."
I bite my lip and take a deep breath, “Ok”
“Ok?” he pulls my chin up to look in his eyes, “You want a baby?” he smiles a large grin.
I laugh and get on my tiptoes to kiss him, “I do.”
“I’m suddenly very anxious to get to a honeymoon.” he smirks.
I shove his shoulder, “You’re just going to have to behave until then.”
“We’ll see,” he wraps his arms around me and kisses me deeply. “God, I love you so much Katy.”
“I love you too…now we better get out of here so Krista and Scott can have their room back.” I grab his hand and pull him out of the room.

Once we’re back in the living room, Krista raises her eye brow in question and I just nod my head to let her know that everything is ok.
“Let’s get ready for that vacation!”

Chapter 21
Late the next morning, we drive up to a small private airport.
"I can't believe we're going on a private jet!” Krista bounces in her seat and I laugh. This is definitely much better than having to try and disguise the guys in an airport through security and screaming girls who are bound to realize who they are.
"You better believe it, babe.” Scott smiles at her; "You only get the best from now on."
We all climb out of the big hummer we were driving in and walk inside the small building. The guys go to speak with the pilot and get all the plans sorted out.
"Are you excited?” I ask Krista as we go to sit on the very plush couches in the lounge area.
"Yes! It's been ages since I've had a vacation. After everything that's happened...I just want to forget for a while."
I nod and squeeze her hand, "You’re really doing alright, Kris?"
"I am. Don't worry about me, sweetie. It's been a hell of a year and I'm ready for bigger brighter things."
"Alright ladies, our jet awaits!” Scott announces with a sweep of his arm.
Krista jumps up and into his arms and I walk over to Liam and thread my arm through his, "So, can we know where we're going yet?"

"Hmm... think we should tell them Scott?"
He shrugs, "Might as well, otherwise they'll nag us the entire flight."
Liam laughs, "We're going to a tiny island off of Hawaii."
Krista and I gasp and get wide eyed.
“Really?!” I squeak out.
"M-hm, hence the beach gear I told you to bring.” he steps in front of me to open the door for us to step out where the jet is now waiting for us, "Ladies first."
Krista starts up the steps and I follow quickly on her heels, "Wow.” we say together when we see the interior of the jet.
Huge top of the line white leather seats, a full bar, and a buffet of food at the back.
"This is amazing.” I whisper making my way down the aisle to one of the seats in the middle.
"It's more like a living room then an airplane!” Krista shakes her head taking everything in. "Do I want to know how much this thing cost?"
"Probably not baby.” Scott smiles kissing her cheek, "But the price doesn't matter. The destination sure does though."
"If you like this ladies, just wait till you see the resort” Liam smirks, "We have a house all to ourselves. Hot tubs, masseuse on call, and a chef too, we'll be set."
My jaw drops, "Wow...that's just, wow.” I shake my head, “I could really go for a massage though."
"Me too!” Krista chimes in and we all laugh.

A few hours later, we're getting ready to land and Krista and I are practically bouncing in our seats.
"All ready, girls?” Scott asks us.
"Uh-huh....sinking into some sand sounds like a good plan right about now.” Krista smirks up at him and I notice a slight blush on his cheeks.
I snicker softly as we all make our way off the plane and into another private airport, you can feel all the humidity even on the inside.
"Thank God we wore shorts.” I mutter waving my hand at myself for a little breeze.

“Adams and Warren party?” A tall muscular man asks.
“Yes sir.” Liam replies and gathers up some of our luggage.
“Right this way.” He motions for us to follow him and we walk outside to a stretch limo.
Krista lets a whistle out, “Nice…very nice.”
The guys shake their heads and climb in and we climb in after them.

"Oh and before we forget, someone's going to be bringing you girls some formal dinner dresses in to pick from for a special dinner tonight.” Liam tells us leaning back to get comfortable.
"What's the occasion?” I ask curiously.
He sneaks a quick glance at Krista and Scott and shrugs, "New beginnings.” He grabs my hand and kisses my hand above my ring.
I just smile at him and watch out the window as we pass many palm trees and really pretty beaches.
Once we pull up to a gated in resort, my mouth drops open, "THAT's where we're staying?" 
Liam grins, "You like?"
"Uh...Yeah, I definitely like.” I shake my head as we pull ahead and the driver walks around to open the door for us
"Welcome,” he smiles and tips his hat.
Scott walks over and shakes his hand and I see him hand off a real nice looking tip.
We all walk inside and are instantly surrounded by people taking our luggage from us and ushering around to make sure there isn't anything we could possibly need before we're directed towards a walkway to the house that has been rented for us.
When we walk in, I'm floored. This place is beautiful. There's even an amazing view from sliding glass door that leads directly to the beach.
"I think I'm in love.” Krista giggles and runs down the hallway to claim a room with Scott right at her heels.
"So, did we do ok?” Liam asks as he pulls me into his arms.
"Way more than ok.” I smile and lean up to kiss him, "This place is beautiful."

"It is. I've been here once before; don't worry, not with someone else.” He shrugs, "I came here alone to just get away from everything for a while. Sometimes it's nice to just be secluded away from the rest of the world."
"Well, let’s go find us a room...whatever's left that Krista hasn't claimed already.” I pull him with me and look in each room that has the door open. "Which one do you want?"
"Hmm...I think this one down here has the best view of the ocean out the window.” he tugs me into a room at the end of the hall. Once I set my luggage down I walk in and gape at the large king size bed with a huge down comforter.
"That looks extremely comfortable.” I smirk and take a running leap onto the bed and giggle when Liam does the same and rolls me under him.
"Very comfortable,” he smiles and leans down to kiss me with little restraint. Before I can do much in response, Krista and Scott come waltzing in and Liam jerks away.
I cover my face and try to keep from laughing.
"Hey now, no hanky panky with the door open you two.” Krista teases and walks over to the bed to yank me up, "The dress lady is here! I saw some of the collection she has; they’re to die for, Kate!” She beams and uses all her might to pull me off the bed.

I only have a moment to give Liam a sheepish look and mouth "Sorry,” before I'm being dragged in a hurry towards the living area.
"Ok..OK, Kris slow down!” I pull my arm out of her grasp, "You’re going to yank my arm out of socket!"
"I'm sorry...just these dresses are like Versace, Kate! Things I never thought I'd get to ever touch in person much less get to wear! This is like, my heaven!"
I laugh and pat her arm, "Alright, just try to breath, ok?"
She nods and takes a deep breath and we make our way over towards the racks of gorgeous gowns.

"Hello ladies.” a beautiful red headed woman steps out from one of the racks. "My name is Elize Walters and I'm your personal stylist for your stay her per Mr. Adams and Mr. Warrens request.” she smiles looking the both of over, "What color dress would you each like?"
"Umm, black?” I answer

"Red for me, definitely red, Scott loves it.” She gets a flirty smile on as her eyes take in all the dresses.
"Oh, I'm sure I have something amazing in those colors.” She motions us to walk behind her and starts pulling dresses she seems to think suit us as she goes down each rack.
"Ms. Quinn, you come this way to try your selections on. Mrs. Warren, you go that way with my assistant, Becca."

I nod and walk towards Becca. "Hi, I'm Kate.” I tell her putting my hand out.
She takes it and smiles a friendly smile, "I'm Becca. Follow me to the room down here and I'll help you into your gown."
We go into a large room with big mirrors hanging on the wall and I look at the assortment of dresses that Elize sent back with us.
"Ok, I can tell you right now...the leather and feathery things are out."
She smiles and nods politely pulling those dresses out of the way. "Alright...what would you like to try on, Mrs. Warren?"
"Kate, please.” I tell her, "Mrs. Warren makes me feel old.” I laugh and she joins me.
"Kate then...what catches your eye the most?"

I frown slightly and walk over to examine the dresses more closely. I pick up a strapless flowy black dress that has some beading on it and show it to her.
"Do you think this would look ok?"
"I think you'll look amazing in it. Do you need any help?"
I shake my head, "No, it's not heavy or anything. I swear I won't rip it or anything."
She just laughs as she walks back out of the room and I quickly slip my clothes off and carefully step into the dress.
I admit, it looks every ounce the expensive material it is, but it really does look good on me. I pull my hair up to get the zipper on the back and turn around in a circle to see how it looks and get a giddy grin. I really like this. Now I just have to pray I don't, God Forbid, spill anything on it during dinner.

I step out of the room to where Becca is waiting and take a quick spin, "What do you think?"
"You look great!” she beams and brings over a pair of strappy heels, "And I think these will go perfectly."
I sit down and slip them on and only stumble a little bit before finding the right balance. "I think you're right."
She sweeps her arm to tell me to go ahead and I walk down the hall and see Krista all wide eyed and grinning as she flaunts around in her shin length spaghetti strap red dress that fits her perfectly.
"Wow, Kris!” I walk over and twirl my finger to make her spin around and she laughs as she does, "You look amazing...you're going to give Scott a heart attack!"
"Me? Honey, look at yourself.” she pulls me around to face a mirror and stands over my shoulder, "I think the boys are going to be very happy.” she smirks.
"Let's hope so...these dresses are a pretty penny,” I look down at my dress and sigh, "But I do really love this dress."
"Top of the line is always that much more amazing.” Krista tells me and looks over at Elize and Becca; "We'll take these!"
Elize nods her head, "We will come back around 5 with hair and make-up people to get you girls all dolled up before dinner."
Krista's eyed widen, "Real Hollywood hair and make-up people? Like professionals?"
Becca giggles, "Yes Ms.-...Krista. Mr. Warren and Mr. Adams have arranged everything.”
Krista looks over at me with a raised eyebrow. "Those boys are up to something."
"Yes they are.” I hook my arm with hers, "Time to go see if we can find out what!”
Chapter 22
Once we've changed back into our normal clothes we make our way back to where the guys are.
"Hello ladies” Liam smiles and crosses the room to kiss me, "Did you find something?"
"I did. And I think you'll really like it.” I smile up at him.
"Do I get a hint?"
I shrug, "It's black, has some beading stuff on it...and comes to about here.” I bend and point to my knees. "It's really pretty...and the heels! Wait till you see the heels."
"I can just imagine.” He grins and pulls me against him and starts kissing me again. I smile against his lips and pull him towards our bedroom.
"We always seem to get carried away...and there's always too many people around.” I tell him with a small smile.
He grins back at me as he locks the door and stalks over to me, "Mmm...Way to many people.” he leans down and starts kissing me, rubbing the skin at my lower back and slowly walks us towards the large bed in the middle of the room.
I gasp when he suddenly lifts me up and I wrap my legs around his waist, "Well what do you know…sexy and strong.” I grin and return the kisses as we slide onto the bed and start teasing each other in every way that we know the other likes, "How long until dinner?” I ask breathlessly.
"Two hours,” Liam answers huskily as he takes nibbles down my neck causing me to gasp and close my eyes.
Well then we better make the most of it.” I reply and pull him back up to me.

Around an hour later, I roll away from Liam and laugh at his pout.
"You know we could always skip dinner.” He tells me with a smirk.
"Uh-uh, not after all the dress drama and everything else I went through today. I want to see your face when you see that dress.” I giggle when he pulls me back down and kisses me one last time.
"Ok...just because I want to see the dress...” His eyes trail down my body, "And those heels you told me about."
I kiss his cheek and pop back up out his reach, "Trust me....it'll be worth it.” I smile over my shoulder as I get redressed, "Besides, I think Krista and I have a date with your hair and make-up friends."
"Ah, that you do, guess I better go see if Scott wants to hang out until we need to get ready."
"Don't have too much fun without us."
He shakes his head walking over to me and wrapping his arms around me, "Never.” He kisses me softly and untangles himself from me. "Go get yourself glammed up babe."
"Just don't expect me to come out looking like your Hollywood friends, k?” I tell him as we step out of our room and into the hallway.
"Of course not,” he says with a shrug, "You'll look way better."
I just roll my eyes and walk down the hall looking for Krista. I smile when I see her with a fidgety looking Scott.
"You ok, Scott?” I ask looking between him and Krista.
"For some unknown reason, he's a panic attack waiting to happen.” Krista crosses her arms, "He says he's just feeling anxious about security, but come on! We're in the middle of an island!"
I shake my head and pull her with me, "Ready to make some friends with hair and make-up?” I ask.
"Yes...Let's go!” she grabs my arm and pulls me down the hall to the lounge area where Elize is standing with a Hispanic woman and a bleach blonde guy.

"Krista, Kate...this is our hair and make-up team, Alicia and Billy. Alicia will take care of your make-up and Billy will style your hair for you."
Krista squeals and grabs my arm, "The perks of dating a celebrity, huh?"
I laugh, "Something like that."

We each take a seat and get comfortable.
"So tell me...what's it like to date such a hot shot?” Alicia asks me slyly.
I laugh and shrug as she hands me a wet toilette to wash my face before she gets to work on my make-up.
"I wouldn't really say he's much of a hot shot. He's a real guy, ya know? And I've known him since well before he had Hollywood camera watching his every move. At the end of the day, he's not whoever he is in front of the cameras; he's just plain old Liam."
"I don't think there's anything plain on that man.” She smiles and asks me to close my eyes as she applies eye shadow, "You girls are very lucky."
I smile softly, "What about you? You work with all these celebrities, don't you? Have you ever..."
"Oh, a lady doesn't kiss and tell.” she laughs, "I've had my fun, trust me."
I grin and sneak a peek over at Krista and can't contain my laugh at seeing her hair filled with curlers. "Wow, Kris...real hot."

She mock glares at me, “You know you’re next sweetie. I might just have to take a couple pictures on my phone to show Liam."
"Don't forget I can take the same kind of pics of you to show Scott. That blackmail works both ways."
She sticks her tongue out at me and I laugh and lean back to let Alicia finish up her work on me.
"Ok, what color is your dress?"
"Black."
"Alright then...black mascara and eyeliner and a darker blush will look amazing on you."
"If you say so....I'm not much of a make-up person."
“Stick with me honey....I'll teach you how to love it. You can be a totally different person."
"That's what I'm afraid of.” I mutter.
She clicks her tongue, "Don't worry, I'll just make you an even better you. These hands work magic.” she wiggles her fingers, "If you saw some of the Hollywood stars before I put their make-up on.” she shakes her head and gets down to business finishing up my face. "Alright...open your eyes and check out the mirror."
I do and gasp, "Whoa....you're right. I look like someone else."
"You look amazing, Kate.” Krista says from behind me. "Time to switch!” she laughs and pushes me to Billy's chair.
"Love your hair, Kris!” I yell over to her.
"I know.” She beams and sits back.
"Hello Mrs. Warren. What would you like to do with your hair tonight?"
I frown, "I don't really know. Nothing big, maybe just curls all around?"
He smiles and plugs in his curling iron, "I can do that. Some jeweled clips and things can really jazz it up."
Shrugging my shoulders, I smile, "If you say so."
I sit back and relax as he begins twisting and turning my hair, crisscrossing it to pin it in one way or another and then I feel pins being pushed in and flinch at some hairs being pulled.

"Sorry...alright, might want to cover your eyes so none of the hairspray gets you or your make-up.” he glances over at Alicia, "She'll kill me for messing up her work."
I laugh and cover my face trying to be careful not to smudge anything.
"Voila!” He laughs and tugs my hands down, "You like it?"
"I love it!” I laugh and stand up to get closer to the mirror, "You two are miracle workers...seriously."
"Nah you just clean up real nice."
"Thank you so much, Billy. I need to put your number on speed dial if I ever have to go along to any of Liam's events. Same goes for you Alicia!"
She grins as she finishes up with Krista, "Good deal...I'd like that. What do you think Ms. Quinn?"
"If you’re going to be around more often, sweetie...then please, just call me Krista and her Kate. We aren't the up and up type people.” she assures her patting her arm. "Seriously, you guys are amazing!" She steps up to the mirror and looks over at me, "I think there are a couple sexy dresses calling our name now, Kate."
"I think you’re right” I walk over to her and look back at Billy and Alicia. "Thanks again guys...expect a call from us in the future!"
"We'll be waiting.” Billy says with a smile and they both wave as we walk out the door.
"You ready?” I ask Krista hooking my arm with hers.
"As I'll ever be."

Chapter 23
Shortly after we're all dolled up, we walk down to the formal dining area and find the boys standing there all tuxed up.
"Wow...you look red carpet ready.” I tease Liam and walk over to his out stretched arm.
"I could say the same about you, baby...you look beautiful.” He kisses my forehead and guides me over to a chair.
Scott sticks his arm out for Krista, "Red is so your color.” He looks her up and down and pulls her against him as he kisses her.
She lightly pulls back and jokingly reprimands him, "You'll ruin my make-up, Scotty."
He blushes the shade of her dress and escorts her to sit across from Liam and I.

"So, tell me” Krista says leaning forward with her arms crossed on the table, "What's this whole set up about?"
Scott clears his throat and takes a big breath as someone walks in and pours each of us a glass of wine and Liam picks up his glass. "Here's to new beginnings, letting go of the past and making all new memories."
We all raise our glass and say "Cheers!"

Then Scott scoots his chair back and a soft song begins to play and I realize that there's actually someone in the corner playing a violin and my eyes widen. I steal a glance at Krista and see the same expression on her face. But the color drains from her face when Scott pulls her chair to face him and bends down on one knee.
"Krista Alayne Quinn...I love you more than I can ever express. You've become the center of my whole world and I want to keep you right there forever. Will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?” he asks as he opens a golden satin box and inside a gorgeous cushion cut diamond ring is sitting in the center.
"Oh my God,” she starts crying and nodding her head, "Yes! Yes! Yes!” She yells and throws herself into his awaiting arms.
"I love you so much Scotty.” She whispers through her tears and goes to wipe them, "You ruined the make-up anyways.” She shakes her head and kisses him again hanging onto him tight.
"I love you too, Krissy.” He whispers and helps her to wipe the tears away. "Now before I ruin your pretty dress along with your make-up, how about we get back in our chairs?"
She nods standing up and pulling him with her, and he puts the ring onto her finger, "Perfect."
"Congrats Kris and Scott!” I grin and walk over to hug them both, "Thank you for making my best friend so happy.” I pat Scott's shoulder and hug Krista again.

"I feel like I'm dreaming.” Krista shakes her head and takes a breath to calm herself. "Like this a movie scene or something, only ya know, I'm not actress."
I laugh, "He sure made it feel like one.” I look around the room. "You know what? Now we get to plan weddings together!"
Her eyes get wide with excitement, "Oh my gosh we do!” She looks at each of and gets a mischievous grin, "I have a really great idea!"
I raise an eyebrow at her, "What?"
"A double wedding, we can do this all together, just like we have everything else.” She reaches across and squeezes my hand, "Hey Scotty?"
"Hm?"
"Do you want a long engagement?"
"Not really...why?"

She grins, "How about a super short engagement then? We're in the middle of an island. Lots of security around, and we have a private jet at our beck and call as well as stylist who have already approved of us calling them if the need arises."
Liam looks at her confused, "Krista, what are you getting at exactly?"
She crosses her hands and puts her chin on them, "Do you think it’s possible to send the jet to pick up all of our parents over the next week?"
"Yes..."
"So do it! And Kate and I can arrange for Elize, Becca, Billy and Alicia to come and find us dresses and every other accessory we need, and to do our hair and make-up."
I put my hand on her arm to get her to slow down, "What she's saying is....we can have our big wedding here. Like during this time we have the vacation booked. It's perfect!” my own eyes light up thinking it all out.
"Are you ok with this, man?” Liam asks Scott.
"I am...the sooner I can call her Mrs. Adams the better.” he grins and leans over to kiss her before looking down at the ring on her finger.
"Ok."
"Ok? You’re really ok with this whole plan?” I ask Liam.
He nods and pulls me closer, "M-hm...Because that just means I get to take you on a proper honeymoon even sooner.” He grins and kisses below my ear.
I smile slyly at him and turn to Krista, "Sounds like we have a ton of planning to do in just short amount of time."
"Sweetie, I've been planning my wedding since I was 5 years old.” She laughs, "We can do this."
"Should I be scared?"
She pauses to think about it, "Nah...Unless you’re scared of doves? A dove release would be so pretty out by the water...,” she gets a faraway look in her eyes and I shake my head.
"We might have a monster on our hands."
"Better a monster then a bridezilla.” Krista replies with a smirk.

A couple days later, I'm buried under my covers trying to sleep when I hear a pounding on our door.
Liam groans, "Who would be up this early?"
"I have an idea...” I mumble and flop over onto my back.
"Kate Parker-Warren! Get your butt out of that bed so we can get busy!” Krista yells through the door and I pull the covers over my head.
Liam laughs tiredly and pulls them back down, "Baby, I don't think ignoring her is going to make her go away."
"I heard that! Kate, come on!” She pounds on the door again and I groan.
"Fine...Fine, Kris, I'll be out in a minute!"
"You better!” She yells back and I hear her retreating steps down the hall.

"She's trying to kill me, I swear. Yesterday, we both tried on like 20 dresses and different heels. And then she had Billy come in and do some "practice" hair dos. Today, I'm in charge of calling around for flowers and finding a non-paparazzi photographer."
He kisses my forehead as I stand up, "She's just excited...remember, she's been planning this since she was 5."
I just nod my head and get up to hunt through my clothes for something comfy and pull my hair into a messy bun.
"You enjoy your sleep.” I walk over and kiss his forehead, "I've got a fun day ahead of me."
"I can't wait to see what dress you end up with."
I smirk, "I don't even know yet...none of the ones yesterday really screamed this is the one! We'll see.” I shrug and walk out and into the hall.

"About time, sleepy head,” Krista scolds me, "We have so much to do! I couldn't even sleep last night!'
"Kris...you need to remember to breathe, ok? This is exactly why we eloped the last time around, so many decisions to make!"
"Well sweetie, this time you have me to help you.” She beams, "Now! What should we start on first? Flowers, dresses or jewelry?"
I shake my head, "No more dresses...those can wait till our Moms get here tomorrow. I guess we can tackle jewelry. Whatcha got?"
She pulls up a thick catalog and my eyes widen. "That's all jewelry?” I ask incredulously.
"Uh-huh” she answers distractedly, "I was thinking maybe a necklace like this for me, and maybe a matching bracelet. Oh! And look at this tiara, Kate!"
I rub the sleep out of my eyes and raise an eyebrow, "A tiara, really?"
"Of course...my dad has always called me his princess, and Scotty says I'm his princess and he's my Prince Charming, so it fits.” She sticks her tongue out at me.
I smile over at her, “This is your day Krista, you can dress up however you want too, you deserve it.”
She gives me a pointed look, "It's your day too, Kate. You didn't get to do this when you got married before. This is your chance! Be girly for once in your life, if anything for your Mom. She missed that whole Mother/Daughter bonding over wedding dresses and invitations and everything."
I sigh, "You’re right..."
Krista beams over at me, "Yes, yes I am...so jewelry, what do you want to wear?"
I sigh taking the catalog from her, "I have no idea. Something simple, I'm not a big diamond girl."
"That's such a shame too,” she shakes her head at me, "Some of these are just, wow."
Shaking my head I start sorting through the book until something catches my eye. "Speaking of wow....look at this necklace, Kris!"

She leans over and her eyes widen, "Oh that's so you, Kate! You have to get that, like now!” She grabs her purse and starts digging around for her phone, "Here, make a phone call."
I bite my lip looking down at the picture of the elegant heart pendant with small diamonds all around it. It's a pretty penny, but Krista's right, it's so me!
"I don't know, I'm not really one to make demands on people to get something...I mean, it could be sold out or something."
She rolls her eyes, "Lucky for you, I'm not afraid to make demands. You’re the wife of the famous Liam Warren, use the name sweetie."
"Fine...fine, I'll call!"
She hands the phone to me and immediately picks up a book all about flower arrangements.
I dial the number and sit back waiting for someone to pick it up.
"Hello?” A very high class sounding woman answers the phone.
"Yes, you sent my husband one of your Elite member’s catalogs, and I would like to make a rush order."
"And who may I ask is calling?” She sounded annoyed.
"Kate Warren...wife of Liam Warren."
"Oh...Oh, yes Mrs. Warren, what can I get you?"
I tell her the item number and bite my lip, "Is there any way to have it shipped and delivered in the next five days?"
"Yes! Yes ma'am...Elite members get first priority on shipments. We can get it sent right away."
"Perfect."
"Will there be anything else, Mrs. Warren?"
"No, that's all I need, do I need to give you any other information?"
"No ma'am, all of Mr. Warren's information is on file."
"Right, thank you.” I hang up and look over at Krista, "Happy now?"
"Ecstatic!"

Chapter 24
Later as we're all lounging around in the living room when there's a knock on the door.
"Are we expecting anyone today?” I ask, frowning.
"You girls stay here....I'll get it.” Liam tells us and disentangles himself from me as him and Scott walk towards the front door.
When Liam looks through the peep hole he laughs and opens the door, "You're all a day early!"
Krista and I step into the foyer area and are quickly surrounded by mine and Krista's families.
"Oh sweetheart, I'm so excited! Look at you.” Krista's mom grins and spins her daughter around, "Ok, let me see the ring. I'm sure pictures don't do it justice."
Krista holds her left hand up to her mother and they both squeal. Krista is really her mother's clone. Both have the curly blonde bouncy hair and happy go lucky attitude.
"And Kate...I have to see yours too.” She gives me a smug look and takes my hand and does the squealing jumping thing again. "You girls,” she shakes her head and pulls us together so she can hug us. "I'm so happy and proud of you. You've gone through a lot together...and now look.” She glances back where the guys are standing, "You both have your prince charming."
I smile and squeeze her hand, "Thank you, Mrs. Quinn."
"Sarah...you know that.” She hugged me again and pulled Krista into the other room to continue ogling at her ring.
"Katelyn...,” my mom smiles at me and hugs me, "This is so exciting! A real wedding this time,” She grins, "And a little birdy tells me that tomorrow we're going dress shopping?"
I suppress my eye roll and nod, "Yep! I tried some on the other day but nothing really felt right."
"Well, I for one am glad...a mother should be with her daughter when she finds her wedding dress.” She squeezes my arm affectionately and walks over to hug Liam.
"So little sister, you're really going to do this whole thing?” My older brother Derek asks me.
"I am...things are better this time.” I playfully punch his arm, "When are you going to be settling down big brother?
He shrugs as he shoves his hands into his pockets, "Haven't met the right girl yet, you know that. Hey, there's going to be some of those celebrity chicks at the wedding right?"
I narrow my eyes at him, "Don't get any ideas."
He just smirks at me as he walks away in search of his room.
"Is he already causing trouble?” Liam asks as he comes up behind me and wraps his arms around me.
I sigh, "Something like that...he's already got visions of trying to get one of your fellow celebrities."
He snorts at that, "Good luck to him."
"My thoughts exactly!"
"Katelyn! Do you think there's any way we could look at dresses today? I'm just itching to go!” I hear my mom ask me.
I glance over at Krista and her mom, "What do you think?"
She gets a sly grin, "I'll make a phone call."
I look back over at my mom, "That means yes in Krista speak."

My mom claps her hands and walks over to Liam's mom, "Do you want to come too, Fiona? I just know it’s going to be so exciting!"
"Of course! Katy's practically my daughter too...and besides, I only have the boys, I don't get to have much fun with dresses."
I shake my head and laugh, "Ok, sounds like we're going to be having a dress-trying-on party! Better start making your phone calls, Kris."
She shows me her phone as she moves to another room, "Already on it!"

An hour later, all of us girls are sitting in a big Bridal Salon. I can already see about twenty racks of dresses just beyond the mirrors. This should be fun.
"Is there any specific design you ladies have in mind?” The consultant asks and before Krista and I can respond the mom's start in with their ideas of what we should wear and how long the veils should be and how high the heels should be.
"Whoa!” I yell above the noise. "We know you guys mean well...but this is our choice, not ya'lls."
"Of course, sweetheart,” Krista's mom smiles, "I know little girls dream of their wedding day...but secretly, their Mama's do too."
I smile over at her, “Well, you do get to help…Kris, what did you have in mind?”
"Something flirty..."
"Krista!” Sarah starts to chastise her but Krista puts her hand up to stop her.
"But still elegant looking, I don't want my kids to look at pictures someday and think I'm a skank or something."

Sarah shakes her head and covers her face at her daughter’s tirade and I can't help but laugh.
"I want something classic.” I shrug, "Floor length, strapless or spaghetti strap, a little bit of detail on it, nothing to over the top."
She nods, "I'll go pull a few things and bring them to the dressing rooms for you to decide."
As she wanders off and starts plucking dresses off racks, I feel nervous. This is all so much more than our first wedding. And that wasn't even a real wedding, we just found a chapel in Vegas that would marry a couple 18 year olds and got it done. Our parents were so mad too. I didn't think I would ever hear the end of it. And here I sit, finding a wedding dress and accessories to give my mother that Mommy moment she missed out on before.

"Kate, Krista...if you'll follow me,” The consultant says and motions for us to walk down the hall.
Krista steps into one room and I step into the adjoining room.
I hear Krista squeal when she is handed a variety of dresses and can't hold back my laughter.
"Oh my God, Kate! These are amazing....like there's diamonds on these things!"
"You better be very very careful then, Kris.” I say through the door, "We know how you are in pretty dresses."
"Ha ha,” She says dryly, "Time to play dress up!"
“Sometimes I swear you’re a little girl trapped in a grown body.” I shake my head and take a breath when my own dresses are brought into the room.
"Here are a few choices. This one is a strapless sweetheart neckline and has beading all on the bodice and is A-Line. This one is more form fitting and rouched with spaghetti straps, and this is more a princess gown. You know, just because of every girl should have a princess dress on at some point in their lives."
I smile and run my hands over each dress, "Thank you...I'll try them each on and see what everyone has to say."
I decide to try the "princess" dress first. It's not really me, but I know everyone else will probably ooh and ahh over it. Stripping out of my jeans and t-shirt I delicately step into the dress and take a look in the mirror. Princess is right.
I step out of the room, "Mind zipping me up?"
"Oh of course!” The consultant rushes over and zips me in and pulls the hem up so it flares out right.
We walk down the hallway towards where everyone is sitting by the mirrors and hear a collective gasp.
"Oh Katelyn, that is beautiful!” My mom gushes and I smile softly as I step up on a raised platform.
"It is....but it doesn't feel like me” I frown spinning around, "I've never been much of a princess type.” I shrug looking around, "Has Krista come out yet?"
"I'm right here!” she steps out and I smile at her choice of dress, calf length, strapless with an open back with crisscrossed ribbons tying it together.
"That is perfect, Kris."
"I know! I love it!” She spins and looks at her mom, "Do you like it Mom?"
She wipes a tear from her eye as she walks over and hugs her, "I do. It suits you, sweetheart. It's perfect!"

Krista beams and hugs her tight, "Thank you...do you think Scott will like it?"
"I think he'll love it,” I tell her, "He'd be crazy not to.”
“You’re right…Susan, I’ll take it!” She tells the consultant with a grin, “Ahhh, I can’t believe I really just found my wedding dress!”
Sarah runs her hand over the skirt of Krista’s dress and grins, “I can’t wait for your dad to see you in this.”
Krista bites her lip nervously, “Do you think he’ll like it?”
“You’re his princess, Krista…he’ll love it no matter what.”
I notice tears in her eyes as she nods and turns to walk back to change into her regular clothes.
"Ok...I have another dress back there that I really like...maybe that's the one.” I tell everyone and go to my own room.

A few minutes later, I've changed into the strapless beaded dress and make my way back hearing everyone talking amongst each other until they see me. Then everything's silent.
“Oh, Kate,” Krista says softly, "THAT is it. It just is no need to try anymore."
"You think so?” I step up onto the platform and my smile gets bigger the more I look at my reflection.
I look towards mine and Liam's mom who have crumbled into a crying mess and can’t help but let a giddy laugh come out of me and cover my face just starting into the mirror.
Krista crosses the room and sniffles as she pulls me into her arms and squeezes me tight, "Oh my God Kate…We're really getting married!"



Chapter 25
The next few days pass by in a blur of wedding planners, deliveries, fittings and madness. Before I even realize it, it's wedding day. And I'm nervous. I don't know why, I mean, we're technically already married. But this just feels so much more real. We're recommitting ourselves to each other and reconnecting our lives and while it's scary in a way, it's also really exciting.
I sit in front of a vanity mirror and take a deep breath. As I blow it out, Krista comes up behind me and squeezes my shoulder, "You ready?"
I smile up at her, "Getting there....you?"
She bites her lip and sits beside me, "Honestly? I'm a nervous wreck, Kate! I can't stop shaking.” she holds her hands up to show me and I grab on to them.
"Ok, take a big deep breath.” I tell her and she does, "Now, close your eyes and think about Scott,” I tell her squeezing her hands.
"Ok..."
"Think about his grin when he sees you in that dress and your princess accessories...and about how much that man loves you, Kris. Because he really really does."
She smiles and takes another deep breath, "Thanks Kate. We better let the Mom's in before they get to crazy out there."
I laugh and get up to peek into the hall way, "Mom, Fiona, and Sarah...you guys ready to come help us get dressed?"
My mom shoos me back in as the scurry in and close and lock the door, "What do you think you’re doing? It's bad luck for the groom to see the bride on wedding day. Liam and Scott are just in the living room you know."
I roll my eyes, "Whatever you say, Mom."

"Ok, before any changing happens, we need to get Alicia and Billy in here to do hair and make-up. Are they here yet?” Krista asks.
"Yes, they just got here a few minutes ago. Billy's getting your veils and some clips and things to do your hair up right,” Sarah tells Krista and pulls her into her arms, "I can't believe my baby girl is getting married!"
Krista groans, "Mom...please don't turn into a big mush on me now."
She sniffles and wipes her face quickly, "I'm not making any promises."

There's a knock at the door and everyone stops what they're doing, "Who is it?” Liam's mom, Fiona, calls.
"Alicia and Billy!” I hear Alicia yell back and smile.
"Well let them in!” I tell Fiona and wave as they quickly step in.
"Alright, who’s doing what first?” Billy asks carefully setting down our veils.
"Just grab one of us and get to work,” I tell him with a laugh.
He grabs me and puts me in a chair by a mirror and Alicia does the same to Krista.
"Alright, I looked at the pictures you girls sent of your dresses, and I have some ideas that involve hair jewels and diamond crusted bobby pins.” His reflection smirks at me.
I laugh throwing my hands in the air, "Have at it, Billy. I trust you."
He grins, "Music to my ears!"
I watch as he starts pulling out all kinds of devices from his bag. Scissors, curlers, bobby pins, hair spray, and a curling iron. And I don't even know what else.
“Wow,” I mutter looking at it all, "That's all just for hair?"
He just nods at me distractedly as he starts arranging everything to be at his disposal.
I just close my eyes and let Billy work his magic. Every tug and curse he does makes me smile. This man works with movie stars for a living. I don't expect anything less than amazing from him no matter what he's doing to my hair.

"Ok...what do you think?” He steps back and I open my eyes and gasp.
"I love you Billy!” I stand up and step up to the mirror and turn my head side to side to look at the perfectly pinned, braided, and twisted up do he has done and scattered throughout is diamond crusted bobby pins. "I love it.” I walk over to hug him but he pulls me back at arm’s length.

"We don't want to get any of those curls squished missy.” He winks, "You done over there Al?” He asks Alicia.
"Yep, here she is!” She steps away from the front of Krista and I grin at her perfectly made up face.
"You’re beautiful, Kris."
"Oh please. Take a look at yourself, sweetie,” she giggles and squeezes my hand while she takes a deep breath, "We have like two hours until it's time."
"I know...we better get all dolled up in a hurry then."
"You heard them everyone, switch!” Alicia calls and we all laugh as Krista and I switch places and laugh a long to stories from Billy and Alicia about some Hollywood divas they've worked with and a few drunk leading men, including ones Alicia's had flings with too.
"Ok girls, time to get you into those dresses, we only have another hour until we have to get you down to the beach for the ceremony!” Liam's mom tells us glancing down at her watch.
We get up and stripped out of our lounging clothes and each of our Moms help us gingerly get into our dresses and wrap their arms around us one last time before we make our way down to the beach.

My nerves build the closer we get. And I can tell Krista's are even worse. She keep clenching and unclenching her hand that's on top of her mother's hand. Then we see both our dad's proudly standing at the edge of where there's a carpet fit for a movie star, just not in red, leading the path to where our grooms are waiting.
"Hello girls.” Krista's dad's eyes look teary as he looks her over, "You look beautiful princess.” He opens his arms to her and she immediately goes into them and I hear her sniffle, "I love you so much, Daddy.” She says muffled against him.
"I love you too, princess. But no tears ok?” He smiles and wipes a tear away as he chides her, "You've got your prince charming down there now baby girl."

She nods and places her arm in his and leans her head on his shoulder as she calms herself down.
"All ready for this, Kate?” My dad asks as I put my arm in the crook of his.
"As I'll ever be,” I smile at him, "Nervous though."
"That's normal...even though your situation is well, different. Wedding jitters are all part of the package."
I hug him silently as we hear the preacher tell everyone to get settled in just as the music begins and Liam and Scott take their places in front him.

I catch my breath when I see Liam standing down there in his tux with his hair perfectly styled and I feel butterflies in my stomach at watching him shift around nervously. He's just as nervous as I am.
Soon the music begins from a speaker placed near the guys and everyone stands next to their folding chair as we start making our way down the aisle. It's this moment that I'm very thankful we're in the middle of nowhere and that there's not any paparazzi people to stand around snapping a million pictures. The tent we have protects us from any airplane or helicopter riding photographers too. This moment is just about us, and the love I see in the eyes of the man I've loved for as long as I can remember.
Once we reach the front and all our family and friends sit down the preacher nods at our dad's, "Do you men, give these women to be united in holy matrimony?"
"We do.” They both respond and kiss our cheeks before they step back to join our mother's in the front row.
The preacher motions for us to face the boys and joins our hands.
"We are gathered here together today to join these lovely couples in holy matrimony.” He steps towards Krista and Scott.
"Do you, Scott Richard Adams, take Krista Alayne Quinn to be your lawfully wedded wife?"
"I do” He answers with a giant grin.
"Do you, Krista Alayne Quinn take Scott Richard Adams to be your lawfully wedded husband?"
"I do!” She jumps on her toes and giggles.
I laugh along with her and squeeze Liam's hands as the preacher walks over to us and nods his head slightly.
"Do you, Liam Elliott Warren, take Katelyn Marie Warren to be your lawfully wedded wife...again?"
He smirks softly and nods, "I do."
"Do you, Katelyn Marie Warren, take Liam Elliott Warren to be your lawfully wedded husband all over again?"
"I do.” I reply with a smile and bite my lip.
"By the power invested in me, I now pronounce the lot of you husband and wife!"
As we all kiss, there are flower petals showered on us from our guests and I laugh grabbing Liam's hand and running down the aisle as much as I can in heels.
"I love you.” Liam tells me as he scoops me up and twirls me around, "I love you so so much and I swear I will not screw this up this time.” he looks so serious that I put my hands on his cheeks and kiss him quickly.
"I know, because I won't let you."
He smiles and then Krista and Scott are coming towards us and we end up in a large group hug.
"Ok! Sweeties, you’re going to kill this dress and my hair!” Krista squirms out and starts smoothing her dress down. "Ahhh...we're married!” She kicks her heels off and spins in a quick circle laughing, "I am now officially Mrs. Krista Adams."
"Don't you dare forget it either,” Scott pulls her up against him and starts kissing her.
"Uh-hem Mr. and Mrs. Adams, you do have a reception to attend before you get to the honeymoon.” Billy comes up to tease them, "I think Alicia needs to touch up your make-up a bit there Krista."
She sticks her tongue out at him which just causes him to laugh more.
"Well little sister, you look good.” Derek walks up and hugs me, "I'm glad you’re happy again."
I look up at him and smile, "Thanks, me too."
He nods and his eyes follow Aria Watson as she walks across the way to Scott and Krista.
"Don't get any ideas, big brother.” I put my hands on my hips.
He puts his hands up in surrender. “I'm a big boy sis.” He smiles before walking away trailing behind Aria.
“Derek’s already getting into trouble?” Liam walks up behind me and pulls me into his arms.
I nod, “He thinks he can get Aria.”
“Well, good luck to him on that one....but right now, I don't care.” He scoops me up causing me to squeal and runs towards the ocean in front of us.
“Oh my God, don't you dare!” I yell gripping onto him.
He laughs and drops me just outside of the water and some of the water washes up onto our feet.
"Just kidding,” he grins pulling me to him and kissing me before everyone starts yelling for us to go to the other tent for dancing, drinks, and cake. He looks over my head at them before kissing me again. “I love you Katy Warren. Now let's go entertain our guests.”

For the next several hours we dance a ton and have our share of wine and just catching up with everyone.

"So...was it everything you pictured your wedding day to be?” Liam asks me as we finally get back into our room.
"It was more than I could have imagined."
"Good...that's what I was aiming for."
"Oh I bet it was.” I walk over and kiss him and start removing pins from my hair and gradually all the curls hang loose over my shoulders.
"You’re beautiful.” Liam whispers as he runs his hands through the curls, "I don't know what I ever did to deserve you, Katy, but I'm not going to question it."
I wrap my arms around him and hug him tight, "Good...because I feel like the lucky one. I mean, millions and millions of women would tear me apart to be standing right here, right now."
Shaking his head he tightens his arms around me, "They can hope and dream all they want.” He pulls my left hand up and looks down at my ring, "I'm locked in for eternity now, baby."
I wrap my arms around his neck and pull him down for a slow kiss, “Ditto.” I whisper and turn out the light.

A couple days later, we land in L.A. The guys have a house they shared for times they needed to be here, and it made it easier on them as bachelors to just share a place. They talked about us all sharing the place, and while Krista and I are used to being roommates, we think as newlyweds, we need our own space.
"Alright ladies, ready?"
"Yep,” We both answer as they open the door and we step inside.
"Wow it's...big.” I step in and start looking around.
"How many rooms does this thing have?” Krista asks.
"10...and 4 bathrooms, a game room, a pool and a Jacuzzi to,” Scott answers with a smile.
Krista and I share a look and shake our heads.
"Listen guys.” I start and bite my lip, "Krista and I talked about this. And we think this.” I motion my arms around, "Is just too much."
"And besides, we're newlyweds Scotty.” Krista steps up next to me. "Don't you want a little...privacy?"
Scott and Liam look at each other and just start laughing and Krista and I wear the same confused look on our face.
"Umm, what's so funny?” I ask quirking my eyebrow.
"We've actually already come to the same solution,” Liam smiles, "And that brings us to another surprise for the both of you."
"Oh, I love surprises!” Krista beams.
Scott laughs and pulls her to him, "This house is now on the market. We're selling it, splitting profits and all that. AND...We both already have new houses."
My eyes widen, "We do?"
"M-hmm...and that is our next stop."
I rush over and hug Liam, "I can't wait to see it!"
"Well then, let's go.” He ushers us out the door and locks up behind us.
"Alright, we split here.” Scott says taking Krista's hand, "Sorry, you don't get to be neighbors."
I laugh at that, "That's ok, text me pics, Kris!"
"You too!” She giggles and runs over to their car.
After Liam and I get into our car I turn to him with a raised an eyebrow, "So, when did you buy a house?"
He runs his hand through his hair nervously, "Just before we went to Hawaii, I finalized some stuff. I had my assistant do a house visit and had someone come in and do a check over everything. And before you even ask, I'm not going to tell you how much it cost.” He puts the car in drive and starts the drive towards our new home.
I sigh, "Fine...but can I get a hint of what it looks like?"
"Hmm, I don't want to ruin the surprise. But I will tell you that it's nothing like the place we just left. It's much homier...better for a family.” He reaches over and grabs my hand and we continue the drive in silence.
I stare out the window lost in my thoughts until we start going through a more suburban neighborhood and I smile at kids playing out in front and riding bikes around, definitely a much more family friendly area.

Liam pulls down the road and around the back of a two story brick house with pillars on the porch and under a carport.
"Very nice,” I step out and look at the backyard. It's a picture in itself. Perfectly green grass rose bushes full of red roses with a pathway of painted stones and even a little fountain. "Wow...” I whisper taking it all in.
Liam walks up behind me wrapping his arms around my waist, "Is that a good wow or a bad wow?"
I turn towards him and kiss him and squeeze him tight, "A good wow, definitely a good wow! This is amazing Liam!"
He grins at that, "Just wait.” He pulls me to the front of the house and without another word scoops me up in his arms. "Now, it's tradition for the man to carry his new wife over the threshold of their home."
A laugh bubbles up out of me, "Heaven forbid I mess up tradition."
"Exactly....now, it's time to start working on our future, Mrs. Warren,” he swiftly carries me into the house and kicks the door closed to the sound of me laughing.
I know it's totally cliché, but you know what, I'm in Los Angeles and I'm married to an actor! They say Happily Ever After's don't really exist...but now, I have mine.


Epilogue
1 Year Later
"I still can't believe we have a baby.” I whisper looking down at our newborn son laying his crib.
Liam laughs softly and wraps his arms around me from behind, "He's so tiny,” he whispers, "Come on, let’s let him sleep."
I nod and kiss my fingers and place them softly on the baby’s cheek as I walk out.
William Lucas Warren was born two weeks ago. He got a name that honors both his Daddy and a friend he'll never get the chance to meet. I didn't even have to fight Liam over the name either. Especially since my only other opinion on the name once we found out it was a boy was to name him Liam Jr., and he didn't like that one.
"Are Krista and Scott still coming over later?” I ask as I settle onto the couch and pull him over with me.
"M-Hm and Scott has a bone to pick with you."
I raise an eyebrow, "And why is that?'
"Because you have given Krista a bad case of baby fever."
I giggle at that, "I can't help it that Will is so adorable and squishy and cuddly."
He smiles, "I think she's very close to making him give in on that front. He's got another movie in about 6 months to film though."

"Are you doing alright being home on Dad duty until your next project?"
He wraps his arms around me and pulls me closer to him, "If you think about it, the schedules not much different. Early mornings, late nights....just no make-up people or after parties.” he says with a smile and leans down to kiss me, "I love you Katy Warren."
"I love you to....have you made a decision on what you want to take on next?"
"No...I've received like 15 different scripts just since right before Will was born. There's a couple from directors I've worked with before that will take top priority...but right this second, I'm enjoying the time off.” He leans in to kiss me again just as my phone rings.

"Oh, hold that thought.” I jump up and grab the phone from the coffee table, "Hi Krista."
"Is my adorable nephew awake to play with?"
"Hello to you too....he's really too young to do much playing yet, Kris."
"Oh you know what I mean.” I can practically hear an eye roll, "I just want to come and get my baby snuggles in before I have to go to work."
"How is the counseling job going?"
"Really good, I feel like I get through to people. And better yet, since I still go by Quinn professionally, nobody has a clue who my husband is."
"That is definitely a bonus."
"You have no idea. I accidently let it slip to someone I'm married to "the" Scott Adams and then I was suddenly their best friend and I just HAD to come to their house for a pool party and oh of course spouses are invited."
"Mmm, of course, well we'll see you guys tonight, right?"
"Yep! We'll be there, be prepared to be baby snatched. He's just so cuddly; I want one of my own!"
"That's what I hear.” I tell her in an amused voice.
She lets out a dreamy sigh, "We need to make Scott hold Will awhile, that has to set off his biological clock, right?"
I laugh, "He's a guy....I don't know if baby cuddles will turn him into a big teddy bear."
"Maybe if I tell him he's extra sexy holding a baby,” she seems to be thinking out loud and I scrunch up my nose, "You do that. Now, if you don't mind, I have my own husband to get back to while your nephew is sleeping."
"Oh, right! Sorry, sometimes it’s easy to get lost in girl talk after living with a guy."
I laugh as I settle into Liam's arms, "I know…we'll see you tonight, have a good day!”
"You too sweetie, give Will kisses and hugs from Aunty Krissy!"
I giggle as I hang up the phone and look up at Liam, "I'm so glad we got reconnected when we did...I can't imagine what mine and Krista's lives would of been like now if you and Scott weren't in it."

"Well...now you never have to know,” he leans down and kisses me and looks down at my wedding band, "You’re mine forever, Katy."
"And you, Mr. Hollywood Golden Boy, are all mine," I inform him with a kiss and even as I hear the beginnings of William stirring around, I just feel happy. Despite the heartache when we were separated, the craziness of the last year and all, I wouldn't trade this life for anything, we're right where we're supposed to be now and I'm not going to let go again.

THE END



Disconnected Sneak Peek
Releasing August 12, 2013
Prologue
A party ruined my life. It was supposed to be all about making a name for myself and showing everyone that I was the new kid on the block, but my wife was in the background and she left me. 
When I got home from shooting the day after the party, I thought she would be there waiting for me with a home cooked meal like always. She had told me she wanted to keep something normal while everything else was so make-believe. But when I came in, all that was there was a note:
"I'm leaving. I hope you have all the successes you've ever wanted. I won't be along for this crazy ride. Goodbye.
Love, Katy"
I didn't believe her when she said she would leave. I thought she was just mad about all the girls in the house. I never thought she could really just be gone.
After I read that note, I tore the house apart. I ran through every room yelling her name and then I grabbed the phone and tried to call her over and over again. When she didn't answer, I called her parents. All Mrs. Parker would tell me was that she was safe and really upset. She said she was sure we could work things out, this was just the first of many fights married couples have. But she was wrong. Katy never came back home to me.
So I started drinking. I drank and drank until I could hardly move anymore. Mitchell Fallon said he was going to fire me if I didn't get over it because she's "only a girl" and there's plenty more where she came from. But he doesn't get it. She's more than just another girl to me, she's everything. And I blew it.
One morning I woke up and made myself think with a clear head. I knew I had to find her. Filming was on break, so I took a few days and drove home to my parents’ house first.
"Sweetie, are you sure you're alright?" my mom asked me for the hundredth time since I got there.
"Yes, because I'm going to find her, Mom. I have to. I'm going to go talk to Mr. and Mrs. Parker and make them understand that I need her! I'll apologize and Katy will come home with me."

My parents exchanged a look and I sighed with frustration. "Look, I'll be back later."
I walked out, hopped into my car, and sped down the route I knew by heart until I got to Katy's childhood home. I tapped my fingers on the steering wheel until I had the courage to get out and walk up to the door and knock.
A few moments later, Mr. Parker opened the door and crossed his arms as he looked at me. "Liam."
"Mr. Parker, I need to know where Katy is." I wanted to sound like I meant business but it came out more as a plea.
He shook his head, looking down at the ground. "I'm sorry son, I can't tell you that."
I glared at him. "She is my wife! I have every right to know where she is!"
He glared right back at me and stepped closer. "And she is my daughter. Do you have any idea what you put her through when you took her to that city? All you did was party and you forgot all about the wife you had that was right there with you!" He yelled through clenched teeth.
I flinched and stepped back as Mrs. Parker came around the corner to see what was going on.
She crossed her arms and came to stand next to her husband. "Hello Liam." 
"Please--please Mr. and Mrs. Parker. Tell me where she is so I can fix this," I pleaded with them. 
Mrs. Parker looked at me sadly as she stepped forward and took my hand. "Liam, sweetheart, she needs her time." She turned to look at her husband. "Katelyn's not in Nevada anymore." 
My eyes widened and I had to bite my lip to keep from yelling and getting hit by Katy's dad. "She left the state? Just up and left?" I shouted, frustrated, and started pacing. 
I couldn't believe this was really happening. If she wanted to teach me a lesson, well, she did. 
"Where did she go? You have family all over the place! Who did she go to?" I yelled and stormed back towards the door. 
"Son, I think it's best if you get in your car and leave. Now," Mr. Parker glared at me. "You're just going to cause a scene, and I doubt that's real great for your… what do they call it in Hollywood? Image?" He shook his head. "Go on back.  If Kate wants to come back, she will."  
"And what if she doesn't? What if I already screwed this up too bad?" I gulped and looked down at my simple black wedding band. When we ran off to Vegas to get married right after graduation, our parents were furious. But we were in love and this was supposed to be forever. 
 Maybe forever isn't really forever when you live in Hollywood. 
 

The whole drive back to LA I started making a plan in my head. Any free days I got, I was going to spend contacting Katy's friends and family that I had information on. One of them was bound to know exactly where she was. Or maybe Katy's parents would slip up when they were talking to my parents, since they're best friends. My parents are practically Katy and her brother Derek's other family. They couldn't keep her away from me. I just had to hope she'd come around. “We've known each other our whole lives, she has to know how much she means to me,” I'd thought as I smacked my fist against the steering wheel and turned into our very empty home. 
There I saw the car of my new friend, Scott Adams, another up-and-coming actor that Excite had taken on. We got along good and he liked to hang out, especially since I started drinking.  
"Hey man, how's it going?" he asked as I got out of the car.  
I shook my head and leaned against the door. "Not good. She's not even back home. She left the state. Her parents won't even tell me where the heck she went!" I kicked some rocks from the driveway into the grass. 
"So now what?" 
"Every chance I get, I'm going to contact all the people I know connected to her and figure out where the heck she is." I shrugged. "I really screwed up." 
"I'll tell ya what, I'll help you." Scott smiled at me as we walked inside. "You really love her don't you?" 
 
I plopped down on my very expensive leather couch and nodded. "I do. This city makes me different. I'm not the Liam that came from a theater in Nevada anymore. Here I'm Liam Warren, movie star, and I feel like I need to act the part." I ran both hands through my hair and squeezed them into fists. "I just forgot to stop acting when I came back home."
*   *   *
                                                             
A year later, and still no closer to figuring out where she might be, hope was slowly slipping away of ever getting another shot at things.  
After yet another dead end phone call to a friend, I threw my phone across the room and watched it hit a wall.  
"What was that about?" Scott asked as he came around the corner. He'd taken up residence at my house. I'd figured he might as well. 
"The same freaking answers over and over and over again." I gritted my teeth. "I don't....I don't know what else to do Scott." I slipped into a chair and covered my face. "If she was going to forgive me, she would be back already." 
Scott came and sat on the coffee table in front of me. "You need to let go. I know you don't want to," he added in when I gave him a look, but he just shrugged. "Come out with me tonight. Mingle with some of Hollywood's newest and brightest. You have noticed your co-star, Alexia right?" He raised an eyebrow at me.  
I shrugged. "What about her?" 
"She's beautiful. And she wants you. It's in her eyes every time you guys are near each other. Marriage or not, she'll make you forget the hurt you're feeling right now." 
 
"I don't know, man. I don't think going out partying is good for me right now." 
"So don't think, get changed and come to the new club everyone's been talking about. A bunch of people will be there, you won't think about Katy and that mess at all. We'll just relax and have a good time." 
After some internal arguing, I finally gave in to Scott. Having a good time wouldn't kill me and a little bit of distraction was welcome. 
I quickly got changed into some dress slacks and a button up white shirt and ran some gel through my hair before I walked down the stairs where Scott was waiting. 
"Ready to go?" 
I nodded. "I guess so." 
He patted my shoulder as we both went out the door and I slipped behind the wheel of my little sports car. "I'll try to have fun, I promise." 
Scott smiled and nodded as he turned the radio on. "Good, that's all I ask." 
A little bit later we drove up to a large building that had a line wrapped around the building. There were strobe lights going, masking out the camera flashes of paparazzi that were just waiting for people like us to drive up. 
"Are you sure this is a good idea?" I asked Scott, looking at the long line before we got out of the car. 
He smirked at me. "Our pictures are all over the place right now, we can just bypass all this," he motions to the lines. "You know what Mitch always says about the paps. Any publicity from them is good as long as we don't destroy anything." He shrugged and pulled me up to the front of the line by the bouncer. 
"Oh my God, Liam Warren and Scott Adams!" A red-headed girl that was flirting with the bouncer squealed when she saw us. "I can't believe I'm standing right beside you!" 
The bouncer shook his head as he looked us over. "You're both legal, right?" 
"Yep," Scott answered for the both of us and grinned as the bouncer stepped back and let us in easily. 
"See? No problems." He smiled over at me and directed me to a barricaded area where there were two different bouncers blocking the area. 
"Names?" one of the guys asks us. 
"I'm Liam Warren. This is Scott Adams." I pointed in his direction. 
The other bouncer looked over his list, nodded and let us go by. Immediately we were handed a drink, and I took a quick glance to see that it was beer before taking a drink and following behind Scott to a table in the back. Sitting there was Alexia Dalton and another actress I can't remember the name of. 
Alexia looked up at me with a big grin. "Liam! I'm so happy you decided to come!" She jumped up and hugged me before I realized what she was doing.  
"Um yeah," I ran a hand through my hair and sat down.  
The actress I can't remember looked over at me and smiled shyly. "I'm Josie." She reached her hand out and I shook it. "I'm an extra on the movie you're working on right now." 
"Oh, right." I nodded. "That's why you look a little familiar." 
She smiled a little bigger and nodded. "Yep, Alexia is showing me all the fun stuff to do around L.A." 
"Yeah, I wouldn't be here if I could help it. I'm kind of being forced." I looked over in Scott's direction. "He says I need to get out more." 
"Getting out can be good," she shrugged.  
I shook my head and glanced around until I noticed Alexia had her eyes glued on me. 
"So Liam, how do you like L.A?" She asked as she crossed her legs and sent the hem of her dress riding up. 
"It's alright, I guess. It would be even better if my wife was still here with me." 
She pouted as he set her chin on her hand, "I heard about that." She reached her hand across to pat mine. "I'm so sorry. Some people just aren't cut out for this life." 
I narrowed my eyes and pulled my hand away from her as Scott brought another round of drinks over. 
 
"Everyone know each other?" he asked, taking a drink of his beer.  
"Yep," Alexia smiled and looked me up and down again. "You know, Liam, our characters get very cozy over the next couple days." 
I just shrugged. "Great," I replied dryly. 
Scott kicked my foot under the table and sent me a glare. I just took another drink and sighed. 
Over the next few hours the four of us ended up downing drink after drink and Scott was right. I forgot why I was so mad and hurting in the first place. Alexia had scooted herself closer to me and I didn't even mind her rubbing her fingers up and down my arm. 
"So, Liam," she whispered by my ear and I looked down at her. 
"Hmmm?" 
"How about we get out of here and get to know each other really well?" She raised an eyebrow at me suggestively and leaned in a little closer until she pressed her lips to mine, and for a minute, I froze. But the alcohol was flowing through me, and it had been a whole year since I'd had the comfort of my wife, and I needed this; I deserved this. I thought I could find another way to be happy. I let myself kiss her back and smiled flirtatiously as I pulled her up out of her chair. "Let's go." 
 
The next morning, when I tried to roll over I was stopped by arms and legs draped all over me.  It was then that everything crashed down on me. I slept with Alexia, I betrayed Katy. Oh God, what had I done? 



