



Red Hot Mama

A Lone Star Honeys Roller Derby Novel

By
Reagan McDaniels
A Smashword’s Edition



Other Titles by Reagan McDaniels

Deja Brew Series
Want
Need
Yearn

Deja Brew Novella
Kissing Nelson

Lone Star Honeys Roller Derby
Red Hot Mama
Hit It & Quit It
Southern Belle Exposure
Hot Cross Buns
Dark & Dirty

Coming Soon
Lavender Mess – Roller Derby



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental. These are characters in a book of fiction and are not based on any actual person or event. Any similarities between any events or persons alive is simply a coincidence.

eBook:
ISBN: 9781005640897
Published by Smashwords, Inc.





Dedication Page
To all those single moms out there trying to find a balance between your children and the man you love.




Red Hot Mama
Table of Contents
Dear Reader
Red Hot Mama Title Page
Chapter 1: Dylan
Chapter 2: Zeke
Chapter 3: Dylan
Chapter 4: Zeke
Chapter 5: Dylan
Chapter 6: Zeke
Chapter 7: Dylan
Chapter 8: Zeke
Chapter 9: Dylan
Chapter 10: Zeke
Chapter 11: Dylan
Chapter 12: Zeke
Chapter 13: Dylan
Chapter 14: Zeke
Chapter 15: Dylan
Chapter 16: Zeke
Chapter 17: Dylan
Chapter 18: Zeke
Chapter 19: Dylan
Chapter 20: Zeke
Chapter 21: Dylan
Epilogue: Zeke

Sneak Peek: Hit It & Quit It
Sneak Peek: Want A Deja Brew Novel

About the Author

Dear Reader,

I’m currently a single mom. I have two gorgeous daughters, teenagers, that are the bane of my existence sometimes. But I know I’ll always be there for them. We have the type of relationship where they know they can ask me anything they want even if it’s embarrassing.
Believe me I’ve gotten a lot of them.
You know what I’m talking about.
We love doing things together all the time and try new things like hair colors. That’s a whole other story. Luckily my youngest was the one embarrassed!
There are times where it’s a struggle though. Am I doing enough? What if I’m doing too much? I have no urge to have a man in my life right now, but do they need one? In all reality, the answer is no as I’ve never seen them happier. 
Or get along with each other better.
Light and day people, light and day.
And everyone’s situation is different.
Needless to say I’ve been through my share of heartache and have come out so much happier now. Writing has been very therapeutic for me. And I’m happy not dating, despite my daughters asking me if I ever would, then telling me they don’t want me to. 
Weirdos.
So here I am writing. And they’re on their devices. And Netflix is playing somewhere. Pretty normal household I think!
I did enjoy writing Red Hot Mama. It spoke to me. There’s a mix of things I want in life, and things I have in life. Will I ever get what I want? No clue. 
Sometimes you just have to reach out and grab it.
Enjoy Red Hot Mama and be happy with yourself. 
You’re enough for anyone.

Reagan





Red Hot Mama
A Lone Star Honeys Novel







Chapter 1

Dylan



Asshole. 
Seriously. The man’s a jerk.
We have a great night talking and drinking so much that we fall asleep on my couch. Nothing else happens. And it was great! The kind of evening that most women would enjoy. Comfortable. 
Well, except for my wearing a skintight Poison Ivy costume. 
But I looked good. Especially considering I’ve had a child. Sure, he’s ten now, but that’s beside the point. 
I looked good.
In the morning he was gone. Never to be heard from again except through Izzy or Roni, his sisters. Not like there’s much they say. Because there’s not. So, I’m pining away for some guy who I’ve known for maybe 12 hours and slept on my couch with, however innocent it was. 
But it sure felt good lying in his arms. 
So, I’m working out my frustration in roller derby practice.
“Bitch stop pushing so hard! You want me to be hurt for competition?”
“Really Dyl, chill a bit.”
“Leave her be. She’s working through something.” That’s from Roni Myers, who I’ve noticed has had a tendency to watch me a little closer than normal recently. Then again, she’s gone through some changes herself in the past couple months since that night.
I heard that Max, the bartender at Crockett’s, had proposed that night, Halloween, and Roni said no. Well, she actually ran away. Max left town that night, and no one that I’m aware of has heard from him since. Roni, normally a vibrant Goth who always smiled and flirted, has changed though. Her hair is a faded black now, as if she hasn’t dyed it recently, and her eyes are a vibrant blue instead of the chocolate brown they used to be. Her cheeks have a dull rosy look, and she’s looking more and more like her sister Izzy. Then again, they are twins.
Either way, to me it looks like Roni has lost her excitement for life. 
I know that feeling, considering my high school boyfriend, Jason, ditched out when I told him I was pregnant, never to be heard from again. He was nineteen at the time, and really the only time we got any type of contact was a legal document stating that he was giving up all rights to the baby. At the time, I was scared and lonely and my future consisted of me having to give my baby up. I didn’t want to do that at all, and my parents fought me constantly over it while I was pregnant. I grew stronger due to their combined actions.
Background on my parents. Bradford and Emily Reynolds. I love them, they’re my parents. They’ve always had high expectations for their children. There’s me, the rebel middle child, and my younger sister Logan who’s a baker at Deja Brew, a cute coffee house ran by our friends Sage, Becca, and Noelle. Noelle just had her second child with her hubby Mary. Don’t get me started on that whole mess. Let’s just say he got her pregnant out of high school and left her without knowing only to come back six years later to find out he was a dad. 
I also have an older brother, Ethan, somewhere. He’s an attorney. Again, somewhere. We don’t see or hear from him much. The reason? Our parents.
Bradford and Emily Reynolds. Upper echelon of Granbury, Texas. I have never understood why but they like their status here. Of course, it’s home, and we all know each other, but still. My dad runs the local bank and my mom is the librarian. Appearances have always been everything to them. So, when I got pregnant in high school, it was a huge embarrassment for them. They didn’t want to help with Mason, my son, at all, but they’ve come around some. They’ll take him occasionally, but it’s not a lot. 
I had to fight to get my GED since I didn’t have anyone that could watch Mason while I went to school, so I did what I could to make sure I still graduated. Then I went to junior college and studied kinesiology, only getting an associate degree before learning the fine art of massage. Yes, I’m a massage therapist. Not the kind with happy endings though, let me make that clear. Yeah, I’m pointing at you. I know what you’re thinking.
In reality though, I haven’t been with anyone since Jason, and I haven’t wanted to. Until Zeke.
The asshole. 
I’m telling you! Have you ever been around someone who you just…connected with? Like immediately? 
It was Halloween and we were all at Mary and Noelle’s house. A night without any children, a rarity for me. I was dressed as Uma Thurman’s Poison Ivy from Batman and Robin. Yeah, you know what I’m talking about. Luckily, my hair’s already red, so no wig or dye needed. I digress though.
Izzy and Roni walked in as cheerleaders, one light, the other dark, followed by this tall guy. Handsome and sexy. I have never in my life started anything with a guy, but I wanted to that night, and I had enough liquid courage in me to walk up and invite him to get a drink with me. It helps that I saw him looking at me and the appreciation light up his eyes. We wandered off together, completely missing the blow up with Roni and Max, and, somehow, we ended up at my place laughing and chatting until we fell asleep. 
And again, the asshole ditched out before I woke up.
I hope I didn’t drool all over him. I do that. Drool. In my sleep. It’s gross, but I still do it.
“Dylan! Get in the game!”
“What?!” I ask looking around.
“You’re supposed to be jamming. Instead, you’re weaving around like you’re out for a Sunday skate!” Logan skates to a stop in front of me.
Oh, I should tell you, I’m on a roller derby team with my sister Logan, Roni, and a couple of other girls. We’re awesome like that. Lone Star Honeys all the way. Yeah, that’s our team name. I think we came up with it when we were out drinking one night. It’s stuck so here we are.
“I’m not!” I couldn’t have been. I’m always the one keeping the rest of us in line. It’s the maternal instinct I’ve cultivated. That’s why I’m captain and go by the name Red Hot Mama. 
“You actually are,” Roni says, skating up to join Logan and me. Her blue eyes creep me out as they make contact with mine. I really liked her better with brown eyes. “What’s bothering you?”
I look around, because really, I can’t tell Zeke’s sister that he’s an asshole. Especially when it was one night, nothing happened, and it was months ago. I mean, I’m not a stalker. Honest. Much. Alright, I searched for him on social media! You happy? I’m so pathetic! But there’s got to be a better way to do this.
“Well,” I begin, “there’s this guy…”
“What?!” Logan practically screeches. “Who?”
“A guy,” I say with a stern look. She’s only two years younger than me at twenty-five, but still. 
“What about him?” Roni asks with a head tilt and, is it me, or are her eyes narrowed? 
“I don’t know,” I say throwing my hands up in the air. “We had a great time I thought, but then it’s like poof, smoke, and he’s gone!”
“Wait a second!” Logan’s still being pretty loud. “When did you have time to meet a guy that no one knows about?”
Rolling my eyes, I respond, “It’s been a while. But…it’s stayed with me is all. And it’s driving me up the wall. He was great!” I shoot a glance at Roni, and I’m surprised to find a small smile grace her lips. 
“I remember…,” she begins only to stop and a haunted look replaces the smile. She quickly shakes herself before looking around and finally focusing on me again. “You need to find him.”
“Uh, how am I supposed to do that? I’ve tried everything!” OK, I know I could just ask Roni for her brother’s number, but really? No.
Logan does her own head tilt. “You didn’t get his number?”
“No.”
“Social media accounts?”
“No.”
“Have you looked?”
“Yes.”
“And nothing?”
“Not a peep,” I respond.
Logan then narrows her eyes, “do we know him?”
I must hesitate a second too long, because she jumps on that. “We do!” before she turns to Roni. “Who do we know that she could possibly have a thing for?”
I know I’m being examined because Roni responds, “I have an idea.”
“Well, what does that mean?” I burst out.
“You’ll see,” and she starts skating backwards, away from us to join the other two members of our team, Aubrey and Marley, best friends and roommates.
“Dylan?” Logan asks while looking at Roni.
“Yeah Logan?”
“You worried about Roni as much as I am?”
“Yep.”
“We have to do something.”
“Yeah, but right now? No one knows where Max is and he’s the only one that can fix things.”
“What about a private investigator? We can get one to search for him.”
I sigh, because it’s not a bad idea, but it’s also one that costs money. “And whose gonna pay for that?”
Sighing deeply herself, Logan muses, “Maybe Izzy can help?”
“Maybe,” I shrug my shoulders.
“Who’s the guy?”
“Max,” I look at her in confusion. 
“No, you dork,” she punches my arm, “Who’s the guy you like?”
“I don’t want to say,” Yes, I’m being cautious.
“Logan, think girl,” Roni says coming back up to us. She can’t know, can she? No way.
She shrugs her shoulders, “No clue.”
Roni just shakes her head before looking at me, “We’re all heading to Crockett’s,” she says as pain flashes in her eyes. “Izzy has a table ready for us, and it’s gonna be a big group. You in?”
“I have Mason…”
“Mason’s with Quinn. Stop using him as an excuse,” Roni glares.
“Fine,” I say as I blow out a big breath. “What time?”
“Eight.”
I nod my head, “Cool. Let’s finish this practice first.”
“Sure, and Dylan?”
“What?” I say in exasperation.
“Look pretty,” she says with a wink as she pulls Logan away to get in position for the next jam practice.



“Look pretty she says,” I mumble as I’m getting dressed. “As if I have anything pretty. And why? It’s just Crockett’s.”
My room looks like a tornado hit it to be honest. Look pretty my ass. I’m a mom! As if I have anything pretty to wear. I massage people for a living! And what do I wear when I do that? Scrubs. When I’m at roller derby practice its normally leggings and an oversized shirt that has some kind of stain on it. 
Again, how am I supposed to look pretty. Bitch. 
I’m glaring at the pile of clothes on my bed when my doorbell rings. I grab my phone, because I may as well just text and say I’m tired and won’t make it. But it seems luck is not on my side today when I open my front door. Roni. And Izzy. And Noelle.
“Where’s the baby?” I ask first.
“Really Dylan? The baby? That’s what you notice?” Noelle asks.
“Uh, yes?” 
“Madison’s with her grandparents, along with Mason and Quinn. Remember?”
“Uh, no?”
Rolling her eyes, Noelle barges past me, and that’s when I notice she’s brought a bag. A large bag. “What’s that?” I say pointing at it.
“Outfits for us to make you look pretty,” Izzy says as she claps her hands. “Strip bitch!” This is followed by a giggle and “I’ve always wanted to say that!”
Huffing a laugh, Roni walks to the kitchen, and I see her look out the window to the house next door and sigh. The same house that’s been vacant since Max disappeared. I walk up to her and drop my arm around her shoulders, “You alright?” I ask quietly.
She looks up at me and I see a gorgeous smile on her face, one that looks forced. “Yep. Perfect! Now let’s get this started!”
From there it’s a mass of clothes being thrown at me, and Noelle oohing and awing over everything and telling herself she’s going to go pick some of this up for herself until we finally settle on an outfit. And by we, I mean not me. Roni, Izzy, and Noelle decide. A jean miniskirt with brown calf height cowboy boots and a white low cut tank top covered by a tight green plaid button up that makes my eyes pop.
“Oh wow, Dyl, you look great!”
I’m looking at myself in the mirror, and I must say I really do. But still. “I don’t think I can wear this!”
“Why not?” Izzy asks in confusion.
“Look how much I’m showing!” I wave at my exposed chest.
“Well, we’re going to get you some attention. Guys at the bar are going to be salivating over you!”
“Eeewww Izzy. Salivating? Can’t you just say drooling?” Noelle asks.
“Salivating sounds more…primal,” Izzy shrugs and looks at Roni with an intense look while Noelle just rolls her eyes.
“You’re not changing,” Roni says before pointing me to the front door. “Get your ass in my car now.”
“When did you become so bossy?” I ask.
“Since now,” she shrugs. That’s when I finally notice what she’s wearing. A pair of tight blue jeans with boots similar to mine and a loose white tank top. Her hair is a tangled mess around her shoulders, but the main thing? There’s no hair dye, no make-up, no extensions. She looks just like Izzy.
Maybe it’s better if I go.
Decision made.
I nod my head once, “Fine, let’s get this, whatever this is, done,” and I grab Roni’s arm, dragging her outside to her car where I get in the passenger side. When she gets in, I turn to look at her. “What’s going on?”
“Nothing Mom,” she rolls her eyes.
I reach out and pinch her lightly. “Tell me what’s going on. I’m worried. This isn’t you.”
She shrugs her shoulders and before she can turn around, I see a sheen of tears in her eyes, “Nothing all right? I figure it’s time to show the world the real me is all.”
“Roni?”
“What?” she snaps as she starts her car.
“We’ll all love you no matter what alright? Be you Goth or a princess, we just want Roni.”
I watch her shoulders slump, “Thanks.”
“He’ll come back.”
“Yeah,” she mumbles.
I figure it’s better to change the subject, “So what are we doing tonight? It’s so last minute.”
“A friendly get together,” and the old Roni makes an appearance judging by the glint in her eye. 
“Uh huh, sure. Want to expand?”
“Nothing to expand on. Now buckle up!” and she puts her car in gear and before heading the five minutes it takes to get to Crockett’s.
Had I known what I would see when I walked in, I would have walked the other way. Or at the very least used an excuse.
“You bitch!” I seethe as I grab Roni’s arm once I see whose there. Blue eyes meet mine. Blue eyes that I stared into one night, practically drowning in them. Blue eyes that I’ve dreamed about almost every night since.
“You rang?” she says sweetly.
“You knew?”
“I know all,” she waves her hand majestically, “Now get your ass in there and get your man.”
“Roni,” I groan.
“One thing though.”
“What?” I snap.
“You are not allowed to talk to me about the crazy sex you’ll probably have with my brother ever. Understand?” And she walks away before I can even answer, leaving me by myself, mere feet from where Zeke is standing still, watching me with what’s probably the same dumbfounded look I have.





Chapter 2

Zeke



Roni can be such a pain in the ass. It’s like she has nothing better to do since Max left except bother people. She’s not even writing anymore. Instead, she goes around trying to get people together. 
I take that back.
She’s tried to get me to come back to Granbury. To see her “friends.” I know it’s actually to see Dylan.
I’ve managed to avoid coming over for the past couple of months due to my job picking up. What’s that? You ask what I do? I’m a dog trainer for injured soldiers mainly, but I can train any dog. Jake’s dog Dez? He’s one of mine. Actually, Dez was the first dog I trained, and I couldn’t be happier. I don’t have a dog of my own, but that’s because I’m constantly training so I always have a dog with me. 
Currently I have a mixed mutt of a dog I call Sasha. I think she has some husky with a hint of Doberman, and maybe…Dalmatian? She’s a pretty dog with blue eyes, fluffy, sleek under her black and white spotted fur, and huge. And she thinks she’s a lap dog. Luckily, I’m big myself so I can handle her. 
My mom says I’m avoiding things, and, yeah, she’s probably right. It’s helped me avoid Dylan and the temptation she’s been since the second I saw her dressed up as Poison Ivy. 
Red headed Uma Thurman was hot. Dylan as Poison Ivy? Scorching. 
And dangerous to me. 
I want her.
But I really shouldn’t. There’s not much I can do. I’m scarred and disfigured and who knows what else is fucked up about me. I do see any number of doctors on the regular. I’ve seen too much from when I was serving, with Jake coincidentally, overseas. I knew immediately that I would need to make sure I was as healthy as I could be mentally and physically. 
Hearing that Jake was injured I tried to reach out, but at the time I wasn’t in the right place to help him. I was actually in the middle of one of the five surgeries I had to get to deal with injuries received. Upon hearing he was released though I reached out and told him he was taking Dez. Since I was his superior, he didn’t argue. 
I just wish I could have been there since. But I can’t dwell on that. We talk a lot now. He does a lot of woodworking and seems truly happy, considering he has Becca who I would never tell Jake, but she sure is a knockout and perfect for him. I would have made a play for her if it weren’t for…well…everything.
So why am I sitting in Crockett’s with Sasha at my feet? Roni. I wanted to punch Max when I found out he up and left and hasn’t been heard from since. Then I heard how Roni rejected him in a most spectacular way on Halloween and I wanted to pull her hair like I used to when we were kids fighting. But now I’ve watched her lose her Goth appearance slowly until tonight it’s completely gone. But I ignore her when I see who she’s brought with her.
Dylan.
My body reacts to her in a way it’s never reacted to another woman. I want her on a purely physical level, but I can also tell I felt lighter when I was around her. We talked for hours on Halloween, ending up at her house sitting on her couch before we fell asleep. When I woke up to find her in my arms, I panicked. I carefully laid her down, taking in her peaceful face and even brushing her hair out of her face before leaving without leaving anything. 
Yeah, I’m a dumbass.
I’ve thought about her A LOT since, and I could have easily asked Roni or Izzy for her number or came to Granbury for a visit in the hopes of seeing her, but I couldn’t do it. She’s too much of a temptation. And the one time I finally give in to Roni, Dylan’s with her.
Roni planned this. I can tell by the look on her face. Smug. The only question is, did Dylan know? Fuck that, does she want to see me? Has she thought about me? 
Her face isn’t telling me anything really. I thought I saw shock, but now it looks like she’s mad maybe? Her green eyes are bright and narrowed on me, but I really can’t see much more. Because she looks hot in the jean skirt and cowboy boots she’s wearing.
Wow. 
I watch her walk toward my table that also holds Jake and all his friends and family. His wife Becca and his sister Noelle are at the table. Noelle’s husband Mary is sitting next to Noelle and their both currently fighting over what their newborn daughter Madison is going to say first. She’s only two months old. Then the conversation flips to their son Mason’s birthday in a couple of weeks. Ollie, a police officer here in town is sitting in his chair, beer in hand but his arms are wrapped around his wife Sage who is Mary’s sister. Then there’s Izzy, Roni’s twin, sitting next to her soon to be husband Nelson.
You got that? Good I hope so because it took me a couple months to figure out who belonged to who.
“Well, well, well,” Roni says with a smile as she takes the seat next to Izzy, leaving an open seat next to me and Sasha. “What brings you to town brother dear?”
I look at her with a smirk. “I think it had to be the texting battle of words where you played piss poor pitiful me my brother doesn’t care about his sisters. Followed up by Izzy adding that she missed me.”
“Huh, and now that we’ve seen you, I think we’re good for the next couple of months,” she waves her hand in a dismissive motion, making sure to keep a bored look on her face.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” I ask quietly.
“Just that you only come here every once in a while, normally after we bother you. Last time you disappeared…let’s see…when was that Izzy?” Roni looks toward her twin.
“Halloween!” Izzy offers and I notice Dylan’s face tighten.
“That’s right,” Roni snaps her fingers. “Halloween. Aside from the obvious issue with that night, you seem to have disappeared shortly after arrival.”
“He went off with a hot Uma Thurman looking person,” Noelle throws out to the group, bringing everyone’s eyes to Dylan, who pauses in the action of sitting down in the chair next to me. I watch a slight flush crawl up her smooth face, hiding the smattering of freckles that cross her nose. Sasha starts a low whine and pushes her head under Dylan’s hand and rests it on her thigh. A small smile touches on Dylan’s lips as she pets Sasha’s fluffy head.
“Who’s this?” she asks softly.
I clear my throat, “Sasha.”
“How long have you had her?”
“A couple of weeks.”
“She’s sweet.”
“Yeah,” I say stupidly before looking at the table to find everyone watching us. “Roni?”
“What Zeke?” she asks innocently.
I had just noticed her appearance, “You alright?” I respond with a wave of my hand from her head down.
At my question, Roni’s hands, which were on the table, slip to her lap and I see her tense. “I’m fine. Worry about yourself.” Then she turns to Izzy, “Let’s go get a drink,” abruptly pulling Izzy to her feet and dragging her away to the bar.
“You shouldn’t have done that.”
I turn to look at Dylan, “done what?”
“Called her out like that,” Sage says.
I wave my hands in both my sisters’ direction, “Look at her!” I’m frustrated at the change. Roni’s lost a lot of who she is. “I’m worried.”
“We all are,” Dylan says as she reaches her hand out and rests it on mine. “But it’s something she has to work through and when she’s ready to talk, she will.”
“Anyone heard from Max?” Ollie asks the group at large.
Nelson offers up, “No. I’ve tried several times, but his phone’s been turned off and he’s not responding to any emails.”
“What about his family?” Jake asks.
“I know Max, but I don’t know him that well to know who his family is,” Nelson leans back holding his hands up.
“Logan and I were talking about Max at practice earlier,” Dylan says out loud. “We thought about maybe hiring a private investigator or something to look for Max. No one’s moved into his home and looking in the windows everything’s still the same.”
Ollie snaps up, “Dyl, you can’t go looking in people’s homes! Peeping Tom shit doesn’t go over well!”
“I know, but we were worried after a couple of days. What if he was hurt?”
“Still, just be careful. Next time call me, and I’ll check it out.”
“Fine,” she sighs.
“I have cousins who run a PI firm. I can call them and see if they can help,” I offer aloud.
“What would they cost?” Dylan asks, chewing her bottom lip.
“Don’t worry about that. They’re my family. They’ll do it when they have time and not charge anything.” I notice that her hand is still on mine, so I flip my hand over to squeeze hers. Looking in her green eyes with a smile, I’m surprised that other people have noticed Roni’s withdrawal, but it reinforces just how great Dylan is that she noticed and was trying to do something about it. 
Damn it, I’m in trouble.
“Sounds like a plan,” Jake says. “What say we go join the dancing?” he asks Becca, who smiles and jumps up and drags him to the floor. “Zeke, you got Dez for me?” He calls back, not waiting for an answer. 
“That’s our cue,” Mary says to Ollie, and they both drag Noelle and Sage to the floor as well amidst a bunch of giggles. 
And leaving me alone with Dylan and Nelson –
“I’m gonna go see what’s taking Izzy so long,” Nelson stands and walks away leaving me alone with Dylan for the first time since Halloween.
Silence.
Nothing but silence.
It’s that heavy silence. The kind that makes you want to hunch your shoulders. Sasha starts to whine and poke my thigh. I slip my hand away from Dylan’s and drop it to Sasha’s head, calming her.
“What happened that night Zeke?” 
Dylan’s voice is soft, and when I look up at her, her bright green eyes are on me. I look around, knowing we’re by ourselves and I breathe in deep before exhaling. “I don’t know.”
“Don’t give me that. Everything was fine Halloween. We were laughing, talking until we fell asleep. The next morning you were gone.”
I look around and I focus on Noelle and Mary dancing together and laughing. I know they’ve come a long way. Then there’s Sage and Ollie and finally Becca and Jake. Jake’s smiling a smile I’m sure I never saw before even though we were stationed together for 5 years. Then I turn to Izzy and Roni, both smiling even if Roni’s isn’t as bright as it used to be.
“I got scared.”
“Scared,” Dylan says slowly.
“We clicked pretty quick. It had to have been the alcohol, right?”
“What if it was just us?”
“I don’t know what I can do to help us,” I begin. I raise my hand up, showing her my missing pinky, “this is the least of my worries.”
“I don’t care about a missing pinky Zeke,” she says with an eye roll.
“It’s not just a missing pinky Dylan. There are scars. A lot of them.”
“And?”
“It’s not pretty.”
Dylan’s laugh comes out and it’s like a warmth overcomes me, “Zeke, I could care less about that.”
“Wait until you see them,” I respond grimly.
One of her dark eyebrows arches perfectly, “So I’ll see them?”
“That’s not what I meant.”
“It’s alright Zeke,” she reaches forward to pat me on the arm only to leave her hand resting on it. “You know I have a kid, right?”
I nod my head, “Mason.”
“Yes.”
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“I was wondering if that’s why you ran.”
“I didn’t run,” I snort. “I left.”
“You ran. But that’s beside the point. I love my son.”
“As you should,” I nod my head.
“But,” she pauses to lick her gorgeous lips, “I like you. I like what we had that night.”
“You like me,” I say slowly.
“Yes,” she drops her hand from my arm and her fingers start playing with the edge of her skirt which is running dangerously high on her thighs. “I probably shouldn’t after the shit you pulled, but here we are.”
“You like me,” I repeat.
Dylan huffs out a laugh before her eyes land on something behind me, “Roni, your brother’s an idiot. I’m heading home now. Thanks for the interesting evening.” She gets up and walks to the bar where she gets something from the bartender, laughing and throwing her hair over her shoulder before leaning down to do something.
“Well, that seems to have worked,” Roni says watching me watch Dylan.
“How’d you know?”
“Please. I’m not an idiot,” and she’s interrupted by Dylan returning.
“Here’s my number,” she hands me a napkin. “Don’t be a dumbass. Use it,” she says, or maybe demands, before she leans down to kiss me really quick on the lips before standing straight and walking out. 
“Now that was hot,” Roni says.
“Yeah, it was.”
“You gonna go after her?”
“No. Not yet I think.”
“What?! Why not?”
“It’s the start of the game. She just threw down a challenge. I’m going to pick it up.”
“Want to share?”
I rub my thumb over my lips, still feeling hers, “No, but you’ll like what’s going to happen over the next couple of weeks.”
“You suck at surprises,” Roni says before she takes a drink.
“Yeah, but I’ll be good at this one,” I say, leaning down to pet Dez and get both him and Sasha laying down. “In the meantime, what can I do for you?”
I watch Roni sigh before she responds, “nothing.”
“Are you going to start writing again?”
She shrugs her shoulders, “Maybe. I don’t know. I got stuck.”
“You’re sad.” 
“No. I’m not.”
“You miss Max.”
“It’s not your business.” 
I slam my fist on the table, “he hurt you!”
“I hurt him!” Roni yells at me, and I watch as tears pool in her eyes and she stands up and walks away. I watch as the other women follow her to the bathroom and the guys head back to the table.
“You fuck things up with Dylan?” Ollie asks.
“No.”
“You fuck things up with Roni?” Nelson asks.
“I think so.”
“What do we need to do?”
I pull my phone out, opening up the texting app. “I’m contacting my cousins and getting them started on the search for Max. Roni needs closure.”
“Let’s just hope you don’t piss her off when she finds out what everyone’s doing behind her back,” Mary says softly.
“She won’t,” I say confidently sending the text off quickly before moving to my contacts and putting Dylan’s info in. 
I’m going to be using that later on.




Chapter 3

Dylan



“Watch 30 Mason!”
“That’s a foul ref! Come on!”
“42 Travelled! 42 Travelled!”
“Sit down Dylan. You’re so embarrassing!” Logan says as she drags me down to sit on the bleachers for what’s probably the hundredth time in her mind but is only like the second time. In my opinion.
Logan came with me to cheer on Mason at his basketball game. He plays with the local youth league and loves it. He has the height that probably adds two years to his age of ten. He takes after his father in all but his pale skin and green eyes that he got from me. His height, looks, dark hair all his daddy. He’ll be eleven in a couple of months, which is funny because his best friend, Quinn is about to turn nine. Quinn is actually Noelle and Mary’s oldest, and, well, I won’t get into it any more than that. There’s gotta be a book out somewhere about a girl keeping her pregnancy secret from the dad and stuff, right?
“As if anything could embarrass you,” I respond as I sit down only to jump back up and cheer when Mason steals the ball from the opposing team, taking the ball all the way to a three-point shot. Whatever embarrassment I cause Logan is worth it when Mason flashes a smile my direction before focusing on the game again.
“So, let’s talk while Mason is being his awesome self on the court.”
“What’s there to talk about?”
“Oh, I don’t know. Boys?”
“Boys? What are you? Twelve?”
“Eh, sometimes I think,” she says as she shrugs her shoulders. 
“Whatever. What’s going on?”
“Zeke.”
“Zeke?”
“Yes.”
“What about him?”
“That’s what I want to know.”
Sighing, because really, I want to know as well. It’s been three days y’all. Three days! And Zeke hasn’t used my number at all. Was I wrong? I watch as Mason leaves the court for half-time and gets in a huddle on the edge with his team, his dark hair sweaty. Does the fact that I have a child scare him? He said it didn’t bother him, but maybe that’s what it is.
“I don’t know Logan. I gave him my number at Crockett’s the other night, but he hasn’t used it.”
“Why don’t you call him?”
“Because I don’t have his number smarty pants.”
“Oh, because his sisters aren’t close friends of ours or anything. You can’t just text them and get it easily. I get it. That’s what’s keeping you from contacting him yourself. Smart ass.”
“Hey! I didn’t call you something bad!”
“Quit being an idiot! Text Izzy and Roni right now and get Zeke’s number!”
“I can’t.”
“Why not?!”
I wave my hands at the court. “Mason’s playing.”
“Oh my God Dyl! Just do it! They’re at half-time anyways!”
I pull my phone out of my purse and look at it, “What if…”
“What if what?”
“What if he doesn’t want to do anything? He already rejected me once.”
“If he rejects you a second time, who cares. I’ll kick his ass, and I know Izzy and Roni will be next, then Nelson because he would have hurt Izzy. Noelle would probably jump in for the next round, and Mary too, which off course leads to Jake, Becca, Ollie, and Sage.”
I laugh because that’s probably true. We’re a close-knit group and we protect and support each other to the end. I take a deep breath and nod my head. “Alright. I’m doing it,” I say as I open my texting app and shoot a quick one to Roni and Izzy. And just to be a smart ass, I include Logan.
“Really Dyl?”
“Really Logan.”
I feel like it’s been hours, when I know it’s really only been maybe thirty seconds and a number comes through. “You ready to do this?” Logan asks.
I look at her, “No.” Yeah, I’m definitely not ready to do this. It’s not like I’ve been on dates or anything. Literally Jason, Mason’s dad, was my last everything. Normally, when a guy finds out about Mason they go running. Plus, I don’t want to bring a man into Mason’s life who will probably end up leaving.
“Dyl?”
“Yeah?” I say with a swallow staring down at my phone.
“You like him?”
“Zeke? Yes,” I say still staring at his number on my phone.
“You want him?”
Holy shit, yes, I do. “I’m afraid,” I clutch my phone in a death grip.
“Of what?”
“Mason,” I say with a nod of my head as the boys take the court again. Mason looks up at me to give me his normal smile, but it slips when he catches my eye with the narrowed green of his own. I offer him a bright smile and a thumbs up, putting him at ease.
Sighing after watching the entire thing, Logan turns back to me, “Take your time. You have his number now. That’s all I wanted you to do. Have the choice rather than waiting.”
I smile at her, “Thanks Logan. You’re the best.”
“And don’t you forget it. I’m awesome.”



“You alright Mom?” 
Mason’s looking at me, worry in his eyes, as we eat a lunch of pizza together after his game. Which he won by the way. Logan went to hang out and try a new recipe at Deja Brew, so she stayed long enough to tell Mason congrats and give him a high five and hug before taking off. 
“I’m great Sweetie. Why?”
“You look weird.”
“Yeah, I just have a lot on my mind.”
“Want to talk?”
God, my child is smart and wise beyond his years. I wish I had that when I was a teenager and made better decisions. Then again though, if I did, I probably wouldn’t have Mason. “Talk?”
“Yeah, talk about what’s bugging you.”
“Hmmm….”
“So, there is something bugging you,” Mason says around a bite of pizza.
“Sort of?”
Mason’s eyes widen. “No one’s sick, are they?” he asks in a panic.
“No Sweetie! No one’s sick,” I say, and he slowly relaxes.
“Then what’s up?”
“I was thinking about…dating,” I say slowly.
Mason nods his head, “Alright.”
“Alright?”
“Yeah. Who?”
“Who?”
“Yeah Mom, who?”
“Does that matter?”
“Do I know him?”
“I, I don’t think so?”
“Will I get to meet him?”
“Maybe? It would depend on how things move forward.”
“OK,” he nods before changing the subject. “We going to the animal shelter?”
I look out the window, checking the weather. It’s cool, being January, but it’s sunny. “Yeah, let’s do that.” It’s become a tradition where after his games, we go and volunteer at the local animal shelter. We haven’t gotten to for the past two weeks though due to family engagements or my having an appointment with a client.
As I say the words, Mason scarfs down the rest of his pizza, “I’m ready!” He really loves the animals, and I would love to get him one, but timing. It’s not fair with how busy we are right now. The poor animal wouldn’t get the attention it deserves. Luckily, Mason understands that and looks forward to our trips to the animal shelter.
“Alright, let’s go. You want to walk over?” It’s really only a mile away, right outside of town.
“Yeah!” 
As we walk, we talk about stupid things. School, basketball, even girls. Mason doesn’t say it, but this time when I bring up girls his face flushes. He has the dark hair of his father, but my skin and freckles. Needless to say, when he’s embarrassed it shows. I choose not to push it as we approach the animal shelter.
“Wow Mom. Look at that truck!” Mason says in excitement pointing to the parking lot. Indeed, it’s a lifted black quad cab truck with a matching shell covering the bed. And that’s the least of it. The HEMI written on the side shows its top notch. 
“That’s a nice one. I wonder whose it is?” I muse aloud.
“One day I’ll have a truck like that!”
I laugh and go to palm his head moving it around. He wears a hat now, so I can’t ruffle his hair anymore. Sigh. “I know one day you will.”
When we reach the door, he opens it for me, walking in behind me. Odd. The front desk is empty. We’ve never seen that. “Joy?” I call out to the manager. I look at Mason, “Maybe she’s in the office?”
Mason shrugs his shoulders, “Maybe. Want to go look?”
“Sure,” and we head through the double doors that lead to the kennels. Joy likes to be close to the dogs when she can. But she’s not there, and the dogs are barking up a storm in excitement. There are a lot of new ones along with ones we’ve seen for months. Even better, most of the ones we’ve seen are gone. Which is good because this is a no kill shelter, and that means they were adopted. 
“Let’s go to the back. There was that truck so maybe she’s watching a prospective buyer,” I say with a smile.
“Yeah maybe,” Mason says, then looks at me, “One day Mom, I’m gonna have a dog.”
“I know Sweetie…,” I begin only to be interrupted.
“We can’t do it right now though. Not fair to the dog. I want my dog to know I’ll always be there, and I can’t do it right now.”
I swallow my tears, “You’re so smart.”
“In the meantime, I get all these dogs!” he says as he spreads his arms wide while walking to the back door.
I laugh, “That’s right! And they couldn’t ask for anyone better than you to take care of them until they find their forever home!”
Mason smiles back at me, opening the door and walking out only to stop so suddenly that I run into him. 
“Mason! You alright?!”
“Yeah Mom,” he’s looking in front of us, but I’m in mom mode making sure he’s free of injury. “Look at him! He’s huge like Jake!”
At that, my head jerks up. My eyes meet the laughing blue eyes of a tall man who I have been fighting over whether to contact since he hasn’t tried to call me. 
Zeke.
And he’s walking toward us with a swagger that makes me want to lick him all over. Maybe suck too…





Chapter 4

Zeke



“I know Sasha. I need to look at the dogs and see who gets along with you.”
“I know, everyone loves you. I mean look at you! You’re gorgeous!”
“But you might make others jealous.”
“Yeah, I know. Dez is great.”
“Here’s the thing. I’ve found a great person for you. But they need two dogs, so I have to find you someone you get along with so I can train you two together.”
“Of course, I’ll always remember you! Will you send me cards?”
“Good.”
Yeah people, I know. I’m talking to a dog. It’s my job though. I love dogs. Even more I love finding homes for them, trained or not. I’ve even been known to drive dogs across state lines to get to a rescue. Dez was my first. He was actually pretty therapeutic for me after my injuries. But getting to know him, I knew he wasn’t destined to stay with me. And when I found out Jake was injured, I knew deep down Jake was meant for Dez. Now look at them. And Becca and her devil cat. Matches made in heaven. I haven’t seen the cat, but I’ve heard stories. Pretty hard to believe about a cat, but who knows.
Now Sasha. She’s a big dog. But gentle. And she’s going to a married couple, both of whom suffer from PTSD. It’s too much stress for a dog to have to take care of two people, so they wanted to see if I could find a dog to train that would get along with Sasha. I’ve been scouring animal shelters trying to find the perfect fit to no avail until I remembered this one here in Granbury. 
So here I am.
And Dylan just showed up with who I’m assuming is her son. Mason. Cute little bugger. And he’s looking at Sasha in awe. I don’t blame him. She’s gorgeous and big. She could easily knock him down.
“Can I pet him?”
I’m focused on Dylan as I walk up to them that I forgot Sasha was with me and Mason was with her. I look down. “Sure. Be careful. Let her smell you first.” I watch as Mason does as he’s told and soon enough, he’s on the ground playing with Sasha. Dogs need to be heavily trained, but they also need to get some emotions out. All the dogs I’ve trained? Their owners understand that. Even if it’s something as easy as playing fetch. And they sign an agreement where I get updates and I can check in on the dogs if need be. 
Yes, people I’m that good. And these dogs are not just my livelihood. Their living creatures and deserve the best life possible in addition to doing a job. I have hopes of doing more, doing right by these animals, but I’m not there yet.
I focus back on Dylan. “What are you doing here?” I ask.
Her eyebrow arches. Is it wrong that I want to stroke my thumb along that brow? It’s sexy as hell. 
“Mason and I volunteer here. We don’t have time for a pet, but this way he gets the experience of what it takes to have a pet sort of along with helping an animal in need.”
I nod my head in agreement. She’s a smart one, Dylan. “Good on him for sticking to it. How long have you been doing this?”
I swear that eyebrow goes higher. “I’ve been doing this since high school after I had Mason. Then when he was around five or so I started bringing him here.”
I didn’t expect that. And she sounds defensive. My hand comes up to the back of my neck, rubbing it. “Look Dylan -,” I begin only to be cut off.
“Look I get it. You don’t want to pursue anything with me. It’s fine. I understand,” she says as she watches Mason.
I reach forward and grab her hand where Mason can’t see. “No, it’s not that. I just got busy.” I nod my head at Sasha, “Her forever owners are going to need a second dog, so Sasha and I have been driving around everywhere looking for a dog she gets along with.” I huff out a laugh. “Sasha’s picky. She gets along with everyone, but I need to find her a friend. I was going to call you in the next couple of days.”
“You were?” she asks skeptically.
I pull out my phone and bring up my calendar. On Friday it says “CALL DYLAN NOW” at 5 p.m. I show it to her. As she reads, I see a smile cross her face, and it’s the most beautiful thing ever.
“I have an appointment on Friday at 5 p.m.,” she points out. I swear she’s teasing me.
“I would have just hit redial every ten minutes,” I shrug.
“That’s…stalkerish,” she muses.
“You’re worth it I think,” stepping closer to her and leaning down.
“I got your number from Izzy earlier today,” she whispers against my ear. “I was going to call you tonight.”
I wipe hair away from her face, “What were you going to say.”
“I don’t really know,” she looks confused.
“Well, how about this. This evening I bring pizza over and we can eat together.”
“We just ate pizza for lunch,” Mason offers up from the ground where he’s been playing and obviously listening.
“Well, how about hot wings then? You like those Mason?”
“Yes, I do!” Sasha chooses that moment to lick him across the face sending him into giggles.
“Alright Mason, let’s ask Joy if she needs us for anything.”
“What do you guys normally do when you volunteer?” I ask.
“Oh, they normally just bring dogs out and play fetch or run around with them,” Joy says as she walks up to us.
I rub my hand on my face, “Maybe they could help me then?” 
“How?” Dylan looks suspicious.
“I need a dog that can get along with Sasha and a child. At the same time. Having Mason here would be awesome help.”
“Can I Mom?”
“I guess?” Then she turns to me, “He’s not in danger, is he?” 
“Not at all. I have Sasha easily, and any other dog will be easy going. Those that are high strung are not options for this job.”
“Oh.”
“Yeah, so how about you take a seat over there?” I wave my hand to the bench before turning to Mason, “You got Sasha for now. I’m going to bring another dog out.”
“Yes sir,” Mason says with a nod. Dang kid is serious.
I walk in, trailing my hand along some of the kennels before coming across one that holds a medium sized golden beauty. She looks like a mix of a pit bull and golden retriever with large brown eyes. When she looks at me I can see a flicker of pleasure and her tail wags slightly. 
“Joy? Let’s try her,” I say.
“Oh, she’s such a lovely one. Been here a while. In fact, she’s one that Mason always takes out.”
I nod my head, not knowing what to say in response. I get a lead while Joy opens the door and lets me slip it on. 
“Hey beauty. You ready to see if you can make a friend?”
When we get out to the dog run though I see an immediate problem. She loves to play. With Mason. She ignores Sasha completely, and Sasha ignores her instead preferring to sit and look worshipfully up at Dylan. 
“That dog loves Mason, and Mason loves her,” Joy says as she watches everything.
“I see that.”
“She’s not going to work for Sasha, is she?”
“No,” and that breaks my heart to say it because the dog obviously loves Mason. I make a split-second decision, “I’ll take her though. We’ll keep looking.”
“You sure?”
“Yeah,” I say with a nod. I know the golden beauty is right for something. I feel it.
“Alright. Want to look at other dogs?”
“Not today. I’ll come back in the next day or two.”
“Good. I’ll keep an eye out and an ear to the ground for you.”
“I appreciate it,” I say with another nod as I watch Dylan approach us with Sasha following.
“I’ll just go get the paperwork ready,” Joy leaves quietly before Dylan can reach us.
Sighing, I run my hand through my hair. I’m about to commit myself to a dog, I just know it. Because that dog is going to stay with me.
“Everything alright?” Dylan asks, worrying her bottom lip.
I get a smile to appear on my face, “Yeah, everything’s fine.”
Dylan turns to look as Mason and the other dog continue to play. “I don’t think Sasha likes her,” her hand pets Sasha whose sitting at attention next to her.
“No, and I think the feeling is mutual.”
“What about a male dog? Less competition?”
I turn my attention to her, “Are you saying that Sasha sees the other dog as competition?”
“They’re both girls,” Dylan shrugs her shoulders and smiles.
I can’t help but laugh. “In this case, I don’t think it’s jealousy.”
“What is it then?”
“Mason.”
“What?”
“Mason is the problem.”
“Excuse me-,” I can tell she’s about to tear into me.
“That dog only has eyes for Mason. Nothing else for it. She doesn’t care about anything else. I can’t train her in the way I need to.”
“Oh. Is that bad?” Dylan nibbles her bottom lip and hell if I don’t want to do that to her myself. 
“Dylan, I know what you’re thinking. You did nothing wrong by volunteering. You’ve only done good and taught Mason good things.”
“But what are her chances for adoption?”
“I would say they’re still one hundred percent.”
“Why?”
“Because I’m adopting her.”
“But you just said –,” and I’m quick to interrupt.
“I’m adopting her for me.”
I watch as tears spill out of Dylan’s eyes. I reach up and wipe them away, “You alright with having two dogs over to visit?”
“Yes!” she responds fiercely, grabbing my hand.
I laugh, “Great, because we’re gonna be giving these dogs baths and Mason can help.”
“He’ll love it,” she breathes out.





Chapter 5

Dylan



“Hey Jake! You ready?” It’s Friday at 4:55 p.m., and Jake is my 5 p.m. appointment. I look at my phone wondering if Zeke will call like he said he would when he left my place the other night after eating. 
“Yeah, I am,” he says, blowing out a breath of air.
“What’s up? Something bugging you more than normal?” I put my phone face down on my desk as I stand.
“What? No, all’s good. Just life.”
“OK,” I say worriedly while wondering if I should call Becca. Then a thought pops into my mind. “You know Jake, I have a thought.”
“Oh yeah? What’s that?”
“How about I get to rubbing, then after the session we can talk about it?”
“Yeah, whatever. Dez, sit.”
I get the room ready while Jake changes into a towel. When he walks in, he limps to the massage bed, Dez following. Jake takes off his artificial leg, handing it to me so I can put it out of the way and Dez lays down. I warm my hands up so they don’t shock Jake, before saying, “What’s up today?”
“Scarring is irritated is all. I guess I’ve been favoring my back which in turn –,”
“Makes your whole body hurt.”
“Yeah.”
“Alright, lets tweak your back first so you’re more comfortable than we’ll move on to your stump. What music you want this time?”
Jake always makes me laugh with his choices. The first time I offered music he chose Brittany Spears, then it was Celine Dion, Shania Twain, and today it’s not even a surprise anymore, “Taylor Swift.”
“Really?” his choice makes me shudder because I’m not a big fan.
“Yeah.”
“Taylor it is then. Old or new?”
“New.”
I put the music on and get to work. Jake soon falls asleep. I’m sweating by the time I’m done, because Jake really is a mess physically today, but nothing I can’t handle. “Hey Jake?” I say softly and from a distance. Yeah, I learned. He flails sometimes when being woken up.
“Hmm?”
“Wake up. You should feel a lot better now.”
“What? Oh,” he sits up and stretches. “Wow. Yeah, I feel a lot better. Thanks Dyl.”
“No problem. I like using your body to better my methods.”
“Yeah, I know. Fun times. So, what is it you wanted to talk about?”
“Hmm? Oh! Yes. What if I were to show you and Becca some techniques to help each other?”
“Techniques?”
“Yes. Like I can show Becca some things she can do to help your scarring. So that if you start getting irritated between our sessions, she can help. I can also show you some things to help her. I know her back hurts sometimes.”
“You’d do that?”
I shrug my shoulders, “Sure why not? Y’all are friends, and I hate to see you get to the point where you were at when you came in.”
I hand Jake his leg and watch as he puts it on, thinking the entire time. As he walks to the adjoining room to the change, I think to myself, Did I overstep? I just wanted to help my friends, “Jake, I -,”
“Let me talk to Becca about a good time we can do it,” he says as he walks out pulling his shirt on. “Normally she’s good in the afternoons. You want to text me some times that would suit you?”
It’s like a weight is lifted off my shoulders, and I smile. “I’ll do that tomorrow alright?”
“Sure thing,” then he gets Dez’s attention before saying, “Dez, let’s go home.”
I follow them to the door and lock it when they walk out. Then I sprint for my phone. Before I look at it though I take a deep breath. We had a great evening after meeting at the animal shelter. He showed up in time for dinner, bringing hot wings and fries over. And the dogs. Sasha stayed near him the entire time while the other dog made a bee line for Mason. 
“What are you naming her?” Mason was truly curious and during the time between us leaving the animal shelter and Zeke showing up at our house that was all he could talk about.
“I haven’t decided yet. It’ll come to me,” he’s sitting at the dining room table answering all of Mason’s questions while I clean up from dinner.
“How did you name Sasha?”
Zeke looked at Sasha before looking back, “You want to know?”
“Yeah!”
“Come with me,” and he walks out the front door, Mason and the two dogs following.
I’m slower, only reaching the door to the sound of Mason yelling, “Daisy!” and seeing him hugging Zeke’s new dog. I slowly walk up to where they’re standing by an open door of Zeke’s truck.
“What’s going on?”
“Zeke just showed me how he named Sasha and he let me name Daisy!”
“Daisy?”
“The new dog Mom! Daisy!” and he gets a lick from who I assume is Daisy.
“So, how did he do it?” I ask, looking at Zeke who I swear has a blush across his face.
“He opens this book to any page with his eyes closed and then points and wherever his finger is that’s the dog’s name! Look!”
I’m handed a baby name book. I look at Zeke in confusion for a second, then it all becomes clear. And I start laughing hysterically.
“You carry around a book of baby names in your truck to name your dogs?” I’m laughing so hard I’m crying.
Zeke snatches the book from my hands and throws it back in the truck. “It helps narrow things down for me.”
“I think it’s cute. And effective. I poured over a similar book for months trying to decide what I would name Mason.”
“And you finally landed on Mason.”
“Sort of.”
“What do you mean?”
“I was reading a romance book Becca had loaned me one day and the hero’s name was Mason. Hence, Mason,” I say waving my hand at my son.
Zeke starts laughing now, “You named Mason after a character in a romance book you were reading at the time?”
“Hey buster, ask your mom why you’re named Ezekiel one day why don’t you,” I laugh with him.
“Mom?”
At Mason’s voice, I turn to him smiling, “What’s up?”
“Can I take Daisy into the backyard and play with her?”
“That’s something you need to ask Zeke,” I tell him gently.
“Oh. Zeke?”
“Yeah Buddy?”
A smile crosses his face when Zeke calls him that, “can I take Daisy to the back and play with her?”
“Sure. As long as your mom is fine with it.”
“It’s fine,” I say quickly, because really, I’m about to start crying. Luckily, Mason takes Daisy with him and they’re running around the side yard to the backyard.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” Zeke asks as he cups my face.
“Nothing. Just Mason. He’s so happy! Thank you!”
“Ah, Dyl. Nothing to it. He’s great. You did great,” he turns and grabs my hand dragging me into the house with Sasha following. “Sit,” he tells her before taking me to the couch and pulling me onto his lap.
“Zeke, Mason might see something,” I murmur, running my hands through his hair.
“I have excellent hearing,” he says. And then he’s kissing me. 
I haven’t been kissed in a LONG time, so I know I come off as inexperienced, and I guess I am, but Zeke doesn’t seem to care. He nibbles my lips before licking his way up to my ear.
“That jean skirt.”
“What about it?” I ask breathlessly.
“I want you to wear it again.”
“When?” I lean down to nuzzle his neck and when I do, one of his hands goes to my hip and squeezes before pulling me closer.
“When I ask you out on a date.”
“When are you going to do that?”
“Soon,” he says as he takes my lips again, his tongue sliding along mine. His other hand slides into my hair, holding me at an angle for him to take the kiss deeper. 
My hands are sliding around his neck, pushing my breasts against him. Damn, I’m aching in all the right places. His hand on my hip slides up to my shirt before diving underneath. I suck in a breath at the sensation of his hand on my bare skin before I move to straddle him. 
“What?” He begins only to be cut off when I rise over him and take his face in between my hands and kiss him myself. His hands move to my ass, dragging me against his crotch where I feel a hardness and I start rubbing against him while his hands go back under my shirt, playing with my bra strap before moving to the front and boldly cupping my breasts.
“Mom!”
I’m thrust across the couch away from Zeke in about two seconds. I’m brushing my hair with my hands trying to catch my breath while Zeke is shifting himself and taking deep breaths. 
“What’s up Sweetie?” I ask with a smile that is probably too big.
“Nothing. Daisy used the restroom.”
“Oh, nothing to worry about-,”
“I got this. Come on Buddy, I’ll show you how to clean it up easily,” Zeke says as he stands up. “You got any grocery bags?”
“In the laundry room,” I say in confusion.
“Alright Mason, let’s go do this. Then I have to get going.”
“Oh,” Mason says sadly. “Will you let me know how Daisy’s doing?”
Zeke shoots a look at me before saying. “Sure Buddy. I’ll also be in town off and on over the next couple weeks and the dogs always go with me. You’ll see her I’m sure.”
My heart melts at that. Zeke quickly showed Mason what to do, and I finally notice the time. It’s late. “Mason, time for a shower!”
“Alright Mom,” he mumbles as he goes to say bye to Daisy. “Thanks for dinner Zeke.”
“Not a problem. We’ll see each other again,” he offers a fist and Mason gives it a bump before walking down the hall with shoulders hunched.
Damn it.
“I’m sorry Dylan.”
“About what?”
“Daisy.”
“Ah. Well, it’s alright. Mason has to learn sometimes.” Of course, this makes me sad that I can’t do things for him. “Let’s get you on the road.”
“So, Friday?”
“What about Friday?”
“I’ll call you.”
“I have an appointment at 5 p.m.”
Zeke looks around before focusing back on me with laughter in his eyes. He leans down and lightly kisses me before leaning up and stroking my face, “I’m calling on Friday at 5 p.m. Sasha! Daisy!” he lets out a whistle and both dogs are at his side in seconds. He sends me a wink and he’s out the door.
Now it’s Friday at 6:15 in the evening. And I’m afraid to look at my phone. So, I make excuses. I clean up, I sweep, I do some paperwork. I work until right before 7 when I finally get the nerve to look at my phone.
5:00: Missed call Zeke
5:10: Missed call Zeke
5:20: Missed call Zeke
5:30: Missed call Zeke
5:40: Missed call Zeke
5:50: Missed call Zeke
6:00: Missed call Zeke
6:10: Missed call Zeke
6:20: Missed call Zeke
6:27: Missed call Izzy
6:30: Missed call Zeke
6:34: Missed call Roni
6:40: Missed call Zeke
6:50: Missed call Zeke
Oh my God, he did it. He called me every ten minutes. For two hours! I could have been talking to him already! My hands are shaking, I don’t know if it’s in frustration or anger at myself or what, but I drop my phone when it starts ringing. I make a dive for it, banging my knee on the ground and when I flip it over, it’s Zeke.
“Hello?” I say loudly.
“Why are you yelling?” I can hear the laughter in Zeke’s voice as he responds to my loud tone.
“Uh…”
“You avoiding me Dylan?”
“What? No!”
“Then…”
“I told you I had an appointment!”
“And I told you I would call you every ten minutes until you answered.”
“And the calls from Izzy and Roni?”
“I got worried,” and I swear I hear him shrug his large shoulders.
“Why?”
“Because I know Jake was your last session and they only take an hour or so.”
I arch my brow at this, “You talked to Jake?”
“Lower the brow Dylan. I’m not stalking. I was talking to Jake earlier and he mentioned he was seeing you this evening is all.”
“Oh, alright.”
“Yeah, so.”
“So.”
“Yeah.”
“Yeah.”
“You want to go out tomorrow? Lunch or something? Your choice?” He sounds like he’s getting it out in a rush.
“Tomorrow?”
“Yeah.”
“I have practice followed by Mason’s practice.”
“What does Mason do?”
“Basketball.” Dang, it’s nice that he asked what Mason does.
“And what do you do?”
“You know what I do. Your sister and I are on the same team.”
“I know,” he laughs huskily. “I just want to hear you say it.”
I blow out a beath, “I do roller derby. I’m team captain of the Lone Star Honeys. Jammer position.”
“Wow.”
“What?”
“Hearing you say it sounds really sexy. What do you wear during competitions?”
“Oh, um, normally a short skirt or shorts with a tank top and some fishnet stockings. Leg warmers. A helmet with a star on it.” I hear him groan, “Why? You alright?”
“Damn Dylan. You’re going to drive me insane, aren’t you?”
“No why?”
“There is no way you could look better than you did on Halloween, or even at the animal shelter, but I’m thinking you do when you’re competing.”
“I don’t know about that,” I say as I feel the blush rise up my chest.
“You know what else?”
“What?”
“That you in your scrubs is hot too.”
“Scrubs? How did you –,” I begin only to be interrupted.
“Look across the street.”
I slowly turn around to look out the front glass windows saying, “I feel like I’m in a horror movie about to be killed off.”
His laughter rolls through the line, “Nothing of the sort.”
When I finally turn all the way around, I see Zeke sitting on a bench across the street, flowers next to him, with Sasha and Daisy laying on the ground. “Wow,” I breathe out softly. 
Because really, Zeke looks gorgeous in a blue flannel shirt that matches his blue eyes unbuttoned and spread open across his chest to reveal a t-shirt and a pair of shorts. His short hair even from this distance I can tell has been run through a lot. 
“You been out there for a while?” I walk to the windows.
“Yeah. Wow. Every time I see you, you look prettier.”
I laugh at him, “So are you going to come over?”
“Sure. Will the dogs be alright inside?”
“Zeke?”
“Yeah?”
“Just get over here.”
“Yes ma’am,” he grabs the dog’s leads, picks up the flowers, and walks toward me. I unlock the door and open it, taking in a deep breath because I know what I’m about to do. And it’s been a long time since I’ve done it. When he reaches me, he stops at the door where I’m standing.
“Dylan?”
“Yeah?” I ask softly.
He moves the flowers to the hand holding the dogs’ leads and brings his free hand up to my face. “We don’t have to do anything alright? Just, how about we go to dinner?”
I look around, because really, why does he have to be such a nice guy? “Zeke?”
“Yeah?” he laughs.
“I really want to touch you and I really want you to touch me.”
“I’m touching you now Gorgeous, and I’m happy with that if that’s all you want.”
Damn, he’s such a nice guy. I walk backwards, my hands grabbing hold of his and pulling him deeper into my spa. I know I’m smiling because I see a similar one on his face. We stop by my desk where he shows me the flowers he got me. Lilies. My favorite.
“How’d you know?”
He leans in and nuzzles my neck. “You smell of lilies. I noticed it the other night,” and he growls as I tilt my head back to give him better access. My hands go up around his shoulders and I push my chest against his. I notice somewhat that the flowers are dropped on the edge of my desk and hear a mumbled “Lay,” before Zeke’s hands are all over me. My hair is grabbed in a loose fist and tilted back as Zeke kisses and sucks his way along my neck and his other hand goes to my ass, picking me up to push me against a vacant wall. My legs part and come up to wrap around his waist.
Is that his…? It has to be. And I want it. I start thrusting and rubbing my pelvis against him as his hands go to my hips urging me to go harder. His mouth trails down to the V of the scrubs I’m wearing before he hoists me further up and he takes a mouthful of my scrub top and breast. 
“Zeke,” I moan. Maybe in pleasure. Maybe in pain. Whatever it is, though, I don’t want him to stop.
“We should stop,” he begins. “This isn’t how I was planning things.”
“We really shouldn’t,” I say breathlessly as I drag his mouth back to mine for a deep kiss.
Zeke enjoys the kiss before pulling back and resting his forehead on my shoulder. “Dylan, this is great and all, but I had other plans.”
“What?” My head makes a thunking noise on the wall as I lean my head back. Both of us are breathing heavily, and I can still feel Zeke’s dick hard between us. I go to thrust my hips against him only to have his hands tighten on my hips holding me in place.
“Don’t,” he rumbles. “I’m about three seconds from taking you against this wall and that’s not what I want for our first time.”
I pause at that and raise my head. “First time?” I run my hands across his shoulders enjoying the feeling of them tightening under me.
“Yeah. First time, because this is way too explosive to limit to only once.” He raises his head his blue eyes piercing me. “In the meantime, I have two dogs who are watching us.”
I turn to look at the dogs and they are indeed watching us. I can’t help it. I burst out laughing, hugging Zeke in the process as he pulls me closer joining in the laughter.
“So, what are you doing here? Don’t you live in Dallas?”
“Sort of,” he says cryptically as he steps back and drops my legs. “I came to take you to dinner.”
“Oh,” then my mind starts going. “Shit! I forgot I have to get Mason in 20 minutes!” I start running through the spa, making sure everything is ready for tomorrow as Zeke stands there waiting patiently. I stop suddenly and look at him. “What are you doing?”
“Waiting on you to finish. I’m going to take you to pick up Mason then we’re going out to dinner.”
“I-I need a shower,” I say.
“Well, I disagree, but we can pick up Mason, head to your place where you get cleaned up then dinner.”
“Zeke, Mason’s with my parents right now.”
“And?” he asks as he cocks his head. 
“My parents are…,” I cut myself off because I really don’t know how to explain them.
Zeke walks up to me and lightly kisses me. “If you’re not ready for me to meet your parents that’s fine. How about I meet you at your place?”
I know he can feel me relax, “Thanks.”
His arms around me tighten before he steps back. “Alright. So, do you even want to go out or do you want me to bring something to your place?”
“Um, we can go out.”
“Dylan what’s up?”
I look around because reality is setting in since I have space. “Mason. I don’t want you to give him expectations or anything.”
“I’m not,” he looks at me in confusion.
“Zeke, you bought Daisy! And here you are taking us to dinner. Not me, us.”
“Because you guys are a package deal,” he nods his head.
“I don’t want you to use Mason to get to me.”
“I’m not! And if you think I am then you don’t know anything about me,” he says in frustration leaning down to grab the dogs’ leads. “I think I should head home.”
“Zeke -,” I begin only to be cut off.
“No. I’m going to head home. You can decide if you want to have whatever this is with me.”
I watch silently as he walks to the door before he turns around. “For the record, something better between us is going to be awesome. You just have to let it happen.”





Chapter 6

Zeke



Who does she think she is? Does she know how hard it was for me to do that? What the fuck? So, I don’t meet her parents. Who cares? As for Mason, I like him. He’s a great kid. And she takes something huge and blows it out of proportion.
I’m sitting in my truck down the street from her spa waiting to see her walk out and head to her car. The dogs are in the backseat laying down but keeping an eye on me. I’m not sure what gives away my stress or frustration. Maybe it’s the tenseness I feel or the fact that I’m drumming my fingers along the steering wheel. Either way, they know something’s up.
Dylan finally appears.
I watch as she locks the door behind her. She’s holding the lilies I brought, and I watch as she stops and brings them to her face, her shoulders rising and falling when she smells them.
I got her, I smile to myself. This isn’t over.
I stay where I am and watch her walk to her car and drive off before I head to Izzy and Nelson’s place for the night. It’s a quick drive, and I know they weren’t expecting me back so early, so I really hope I’m not interrupting anything.
Nelson moved in with Izzy before Halloween when he opened a second location for his gym here in Granbury. He proposed to my sister after a staged boxing match, where he threw the match, allowing Izzy to win. Pretty sappy but Izzy’s happy so no complaints. Now she’s an online teacher of history at a university while Nelson spends his time between his gyms. 
They really are disgustingly happy together. 
I park my truck on the street a couple houses down, getting Sasha and Daisy out and deciding to go for a walk to take care of them first before heading up to Izzy’s house.
“Hey Iz? I’m back!” I call out.
“Zeke? What are you doing back so early? I thought you were going to take Dylan and Mason to dinner?” Izzy walks out of the kitchen drying her hands.
“Change of plans.”
Izzy stops and studies me before responding, “Good change of plans or bad change of plans?”
I drop down to take the leads off the dogs before standing back up and answering, “I honestly don’t know. I’m back here though. Maybe bad? But I think it’s good.”
Izzy’s laughter bursts out before she starts heading back to the kitchen shaking her head, “well come on and eat with me. Nelson’s running later than expected so I was by myself.”
“What about Roni?” I ask in concern.
Izzy’s shoulders slump a little. “She’s at the apartment. I think she’s writing, but it can’t be anything good.”
I walk up and pull her into a hug. “She’ll be alright Iz. I promise. I got Garrett and Barrett on it looking for Max. At the very least maybe we can give her closure.”
“I don’t think that’ll be enough Zeke,” she mumbles into my shoulder. “You didn’t see her when Nelson came back that night. She looked…broken. And now look at her! She’s my twin for real again, and where I always enjoyed it, I miss Roni. Know what I mean?”
“Yeah, I do,” I say squeezing her tight before letting her go. “Just give Garrett and Barrett some time.”
“Yeah, I guess,” she says, then she shakes herself before adding, “let’s eat some spaghetti before it gets cold, and you can fill me in on what happened tonight.”
We go to sit at the dining room table, where Izzy has all the food and two place settings out. “Grab Nelson’s plate and sit over here,” she pats the seat next to her. One thing I’ve learned is that her and Nelson like to sit across from each other and hold hands so they can see each other as they eat and talk. So, I steer clear of Nelson’s seat.
We’re about halfway through eating when she asks, “What happened?” before she takes a sip of her wine.
I lean back in my seat, “Things went from zero to a hundred too fast. And dropped back to zero in no time.”
“Huh. What made it drop to zero?”
“Mason and her parents.”
Izzy nods her head, “That’ll do it.”
“I figured I would just take her to pick Mason up and we could go grab dinner, all three of us, but she kind of freaked out. Then she said she didn’t want Mason to get hurt if I don’t stick around.”
“Do you blame her?”
“Well, no. I understand. But,” I look around. “They’re a package deal and I told her as much.”
“Hmmm….”
“What’s hmmm?”
“Do you know anything about Dylan’s parents?”
“No. Why would I?”
“You need to find out about her parents.”
“How am I supposed to do that?”
Izzy rolls her eyes to the ceiling, “When did my brother become an idiot?” before she focuses back on me, “You talk to her dumbass.”
“That might be a little hard. I don’t know if she’ll want to talk to me,” but after seeing her reaction this evening, she just might.
“You won’t know unless you try,” Izzy says with a shrug of her shoulders as she stands up to start cleaning up. 
“Yeah, maybe,” I say, bringing my own plate to the counter.
“Are you nervous?”
I look around, “I don’t know.”
Izzy goes to say something but is interrupted when the front door opens. “Love?” Nelson calls out.
“In here Nelson!” A smile crosses her face as she starts to bounce where she stands.
Nelson comes in and walks straight to her, taking her in his arms as he kisses her. Even worse, her arms come up and around his shoulders. Alright I’m all for PDA, but there’s a line, and this is my sister. I clear my throat to get their attention. And then I clear it again more forcefully.
Finally, Nelson raises his head. “Hey Zeke. I thought you were going to be later?”
“Yeah, don’t ask.”
“Understood. I’m here though if you want to talk.”
“Thanks. I’m gonna go take the dogs out then head to bed when I get back.”
“What are you doing tomorrow?” Izzy asks.
“I don’t know. I was trying to figure that out.”
“Well…,” I see her eyes light up.
“What?”
“I’m going to a roller derby practice with a certain team.”
“OK?”
She hits me on the shoulder, “You are not that stupid Zeke! I’m going to watch Roni practice with her team tomorrow.”
“And what? You want me to go for support?” This is confusing.
“No, you idiot,” she punches me again as Nelson is laughing and dishing up a plate of food. “Think about it. Who’s on her team?”
I freeze in putting the dogs’ leads on before standing up and looking at her. “You cool if I tag along?”
“Finally! Yes, I’m perfectly fine with that as long as you drive.”
“It’s a done deal,” I nod my head before walking out the front door.



Honestly, I never knew roller derby could be so vicious. My sweet petite sister Roni? Yeah, I knew she was. Especially when I was 10 and she was 5 and she cut my hair while I was sleeping. It’s not like I did it to her. Her barbies sure. I took great pleasure in doing that. 
She was trying to hook them up with my Power Rangers. 
Roni has always been a special one with a creative imagination. I guess that’s why she writes now. And no, I do not read her books. In fact, I refuse to. Like I want to read sex scenes my sister wrote. 
“Isn’t it exciting?” Izzy asks, bouncing in her seat.
I cringe at a particularly hard push Logan deals to I think it’s Marley, another teammate. “Yeah, sure.” Man, these girls are worse than guys. I swear I see Marley’s eyes narrow as she starts to make her way toward Logan when red braids fly from nowhere and knock her to the side.
Dylan.
She’s wearing a white tank top with a green sports bra underneath and some shorts that are so damn short I see the bottom of her ass. From there down its sheer leg until right above the knee where a pair of socks start and go down to her roller skates. I can’t help but sigh. Sasha jumps up and rests her head in my lap, nuzzling me hand, so I start petting her.
“You alright?” Izzy asks.
“Yeah.”
She nods at Roni, who’s definitely more colorful than we’ve seen since she was a teenager, wearing a bright purple tank top with white shorts. “I’m worried about y’all.”
“Nothing to worry about here, but I know.”
“Have you heard from the cousins?”
“They’re looking. Max is a hard one to find apparently, but it hasn’t been that long.”
“I want her to be happy Zeke,” Izzy looks up at me with tears in her eyes.
I put my arm around her shoulders, “I do too Iz.”
“I want you to be happy too.”
“I am,” I say with a nod, my eyes not leaving Dylan.
“Try again Big Bro.”
“Well, I’m getting there.”
“What are you going to do?”
“Tackle things head on.”
“Which means?”
“Hold the dogs?” I don’t give her a chance, just hand her the leashes, tell the dogs to stay with a single word and a hand signal before I get up and start walking onto the rink.
“Zeke…,” I hear Iz behind me warning in a low voice.
I just wave my hand at her as I watch the girls, sorry ladies, skate for all their worth, avoiding each other’s pushes while pushing. Dylan pulls ahead, but she’s so focused she hasn’t noticed me standing at the edge of the rink. At the right time, her head turns around to look at her teammates and I walk out in the middle.
She plows into me, taking me down. I feel a sharp pain go through my shoulder as I hit the ground, and I think I’ll have to get that checked later, but for now I have something I need to do. “Damn, you were going faster than I thought,” I laugh as I grab her face and kiss her.
Dylan is completely still on top of me for all of about five seconds before her hands come up to cup my face and is wholeheartedly taking part in the kiss. I open my mouth over hers, taking her tongue in, and she groans in pleasure. I’m rubbing my hands down her back, grabbing the bottom of her shirt in a fist when I hear a throat clear.
“Excuse me, Zeke?” I hear asked above us as Dylan and I continue to kiss. I’m going to ignore whoever’s interrupting us. That only lasts as long as it takes for Roni to lean down and dig her finger in my side, causing me to jerk back.
“What the fuck Roni!”
“What the fuck Zeke?!” she comes back with. “We’re practicing! We have a big competition coming up so you can’t just come in and interrupt us for a quickie!” 
Dylan, still on top of me, sucks her breath in at the harsh words Roni’s using before she untangles herself from me and moves to stand up, leaving me on the ground. I take a minute to enjoy the view of Dylan standing above me, because her legs are awesome. Which leads me to imagining them wrapped around me again, uh…
“Get up Zeke!” Izzy whisper yells at me which jolts me some since I didn’t notice her coming down.
“Yeah, yeah,” I say, moving to stand. Once I’m up I look around before focusing on Dylan again. “Ladies, please excuse Dylan for a minute. I need to clear something up really quick,” I say as I grab her hand and tug her along.
She’s fighting, but she’s wearing skates. Plus, I’m stronger and bigger. 
“Zeke,” I hear Dylan say behind me, “I have to practice.”
“Just give me a minute.”
“Why can’t this wait?” Dylan’s stopped fighting me, so now I’m just pulling her along. Her skates make this so much easier than I expected, and she never makes an attempt to use the toe stopper.
“It just can’t alright?” I pull her outside into the cold air of late January. When I turn around and look at Dylan, my eyes drop to her breasts seeing that her nipples have hardened. Shit. Maybe this was a mistake.
Noticing where I’m looking, Dylan crosses her arms over her breasts, “What Zeke?”
“I want to go out.”
She rolls her eyes. “We already went over this Zeke,” she says softly. “I don’t want to have Mason get his hopes up or have him hurt.”
I run a hand through my short hair. “How about you and I go out? Mason can tag along when you feel it’s best,” and when I see her open her mouth to say something, I hold my hand up, “but I want you to know that I like Mason. He’s a great kid, and you’re lucky to have him. You’ll be allowing us to do stuff together at some point,” I finish.
“Zeke come on. You know this won’t work.”
“How? Because I think it’s that you’re scared.”
“I raised Mason. I don’t want him hurt.”
“And I’m telling you, I won’t do anything to hurt him. We can do this as friends alright?” I say taking a step toward her to push some hair that had escaped her braids out of the way.
“Friends?”
I think about it, because I know I really don’t want to just be friends with Dylan, but if that’s how it’s going to played, then so be it. I nod my head, “Friends. Yes.”
“Can you handle that?”
“Dylan, it’s a start,” I drop my hand to hers and squeeze it.
“Fine,” she blows out a breath.
“Yeah?”
“Yes, fine. Now can you leave so I can focus? You’re…distracting.”
Oh, this is good, I think as I smile at her. I lean close to kiss her on the cheek before leaning into her ear, “you’re distracting too.”
I lean back, grab her hand, and we head back into the skating rink where I grab Sasha and Daisy. Before I leave though, Izzy and Roni stop me.
“Is everything alright with you two?”
I look across the rink to where Dylan’s standing talking to the other team members before turning back to my sisters. “Yeah, everything’s going to be fine.”
Izzy smiles before heading back to take a seat, but Roni stays with me. “I know what you’re doing,” she says.
I look at her in confusion. “What am I doing?”
“Garrett and Barrett,” she mentions our cousins with a frown.
I hug her, “we’re all worried about you. We’re going to get you something, even if it’s just closure. Garrett and Barrett can help.”
Roni’s arms come around my waist, “I don’t think I can get closure.” I swear I hear her sob a little, so I pull back and raise her face to mine.
“Roni, what can we do to help you?”
She shrugs her shoulders, “nothing. I messed up. I have to work through it.”
“But we’re here. We all know you. You didn’t mess up -,” but before I can go further, she interrupts me.
“I love him. And I didn’t tell him. Instead, I ran away. I deserve everything that’s happening to me.”
Before I can stop her, she skates away and rejoins her team to start a new jam. Izzy looks at me from the sidelines, frowning, but I shake my head at her. I’ll let her know later. For now, I’m going to head out and get some stuff done.





Chapter 7

Dylan



“Alright ladies, let’s be done for the day,” I say, standing with my hands on my hips and my head back as I breathe heavily. After I saw that Zeke left, it agitated me, and I started pushing harder. The man brings out so many emotions.
“Thank God,” Aubrey, Marley’s best friend and roommate, skates up. Aubrey is probably the most gorgeous woman ever alive. Guys want her all the time. She’s small and petite, with long brown hair and large brown eyes framed by a killer double row of eyelashes. She just has the look of needing to be protected. During a jam though, she’s a spitfire, taking charges and blocking better than any NFL linebacker could I think. Right now, though, her chest is heaving and her cheeks are flushed. “What’s up with you?”
“Nothing, I just think we don’t want to push it with the competition coming up,” I respond.
Marley joins, “If I got a kiss like the one you got on the floor, I would have wanted to be done earlier. Hell, I would have just left everyone and had a nice quickie in a car somewhere.” Then she looks around, her hazel eyes bright, “Then again, the hallway over there would work just as well,” she points to a dark one off the rink.
“And that’s why you took the name Hit It and Quit It,” Aubrey says matter of factly.
“As compared to yours, Ms. Southern Belle Exposure?”
Aubrey gasps, “you promised you would never mention that incident again!”
“The fact that you mooned an entire bus of college football players? Please, as if I would keep that to myself!”
I jump in, “Girls, you need to chill! You’re best friends!”
Marley turns to me, “Well yeah. Who better to tease someone then your best friend?” then she turns and smiles, hugging Aubrey. “Love you sis.”
“Love you too,” Aubrey giggles.
“Shut up,” Logan joins, “What’s this about football players?”
Marley and Aubrey share a look and Aubrey’s shaking her head with a pleading look in her eyes. Marley takes her helmet off, revealing sweaty dark hair that’s normally spiky. She keeps it short because of her job as a mechanic. She worried her hair, even in a braid would get caught, so one day she just chopped it and has kept it that way ever since. Honestly, it suits her mischievous nature, and she looks like a little sprite or fairy.
“So one day,” Marley begins, “I’m driving us to a mall to go shopping. I think we were skipping school I think?” At Aubrey’s sigh and nod, she continues, “We come across a bus for a college, and a bunch of guys were on it. So…I dared Aubrey to moon them.”
All of us turn to Aubrey in shock, finding her blushing. “Are you serious?” Roni asks, her fingers twitching.
“Marley sucks at dares,” she pouts. 
“I think I have pictures of your face with the bus in the background,” she says innocently.
“Oh, you have to share those!” Logan says laughing.
“Will do. So now back to Zeke. When you gonna tap that?” Marley gets back on the original conversation.
“That’s our brother you’re talking about,” Roni says with a face as Izzy steps up to the group. Roni continues, “It was bad enough that you were practically going at it on the floor, but do we really have to go further?”
“Need I remind you who would jump on someone and wrap themselves around him like she was an octopus?” I throw back too late, and I watch as Roni goes pale and her eyes turn sad. “Roni, everything’s going to be alright,” I reach and grab her hand, but she skates out of my reach.
Roni moves to stand straight, “No worries. Look, I got things to do so I’m gonna head out.”
“Wait!” Izzy yells out, much louder than was really needed considering we’re all standing right there. When she has all of our attention, she continues, “I think we should do a girls’ night.”
“Girls’ night?” Aubrey asks.
“Yes,” Izzy nods her head. “Sage, Noelle, and Becca do them and we go sometimes, so I think we need to start it for the team. We need to be friends and teammates.”
“We?” Logan asks, laughing.
“I’m your cheerleader, so yes, we,” Izzy nods, sending us, even Roni, into laughter. Whew, thank God for that!
“Izzy, I have Mason.”
Roni gives me a glare, “Don’t give me that. There are any number of people who would watch Mason for you, first and foremost Mary and Jake. And with what I just saw I wouldn’t be surprised if Zeke didn’t offer.”
Well shit. I feel a blush rising, so I just say, “I’ll call Noelle and see if they can watch him.”
“And we’re going to want details!” Marley says. “That kiss was hot!”
“Fine, whatever,” I say. “I have to go get Mason,” and I add in, “I’ll call Noelle on my way out!” And I turn to rush out, digging my phone out of my purse. I text my mom first letting her know I’m on my way to get Mason before dialing up Noelle. 
Just my luck, Mary answers.
“Yo, Noelle’s phone. This is her wonderful, better half answering. I also have better hair. How may I help you?”
Laughing, I begin, “Hey Mary, it’s Dylan.”
“Dylan! What’s going on?”
“I was wondering if I could talk to Noelle really quick?”
“Uh, don’t think that’s a good idea right now,” I hear the laughter in his voice.
“She alright?” and that’s when I hear Noelle.
“I’m going to kill you Mary! Take your daughter!”
“Dylan’s on the phone and she wants to talk to you!” he calls out.
“Take your daughter!”
“No, it’s better for both of you to jump in the shower after that mess!”
“Mary? Is everything alright over there?” I ask in concern.
Laughing, he comes back, “The joys of parenthood. I don’t know whether to be happy or sad that I missed Quinn’s first couple of years,” then he pauses. “I would have done anything to be here for her,” he sighs.
Damn I want that. Mary and Noelle have been in love forever it seems. Even in spite of a six-year separation, and him not knowing she had his son, they’re still disgustingly happy.
“You’re here now Mary,” I say, choking back my tears. 
“Yeah, true. So, what can I do for you?”
“The team wants to have a girls’ night, and I need someone to watch Mason.”
“A girls’ night huh?” 
“Yeah, but if you’re busy I can get my parents-,” I begin.
“Nope. Bring him here. How about night after tomorrow?”
“Um, I think that’ll be fine?”
“Good. And Noelle and the girls will be there too.”
“What?”
“They need a girls’ night, but we keep annoying them. The last one, Ollie distracted Sage in a way that I don’t want to ever be told about again considering she’s my sister,” and I hear him make a noise as if he’s shuddering in horror. 
“Mary, come get her now! She’s a mess!”
“Uh, Mary, what’s happening?” I ask in concern after I hear Noelle.
“Oh, Madison seems to have exploded out both ends, and Noelle’s taking care of her.”
“Mary, you really should go help her,” I say.
“Nope. She laughed at me the last time it happened. And it was all over me. How can something so little hold in so much?”
I laugh, “Really Mary, go help your wife! I’ll talk to her later.”
“Sure thing,” he says. “And you guys will do girls’ night here. Or end it here. Or start here. Whatever you want to do. I’ll take Mason and my two rug rats over to Jake’s. He’s been wanting to see Quinn and Madison more anyways.”
“Mary!!!!”
“Alright, gotta go. See ya!” and he disconnects the phone.
I drop my hand to look at my phone, shaking my head with a smile. I open up my text app and shoot a group text to the team, letting them know the night after tomorrow works. It’s not long before I get a flurry of texts varying from Marley saying, “On alcohol run already,” to Izzy sending a thumbs up.
Heading to my parents though, I take a deep breath. They’re a handful and where I love them and they’ve helped some, it wasn’t easy when I was younger. Being a teenage mom was hard, and my parents refused to do certain things which meant I had to grow up fast. I don’t doubt their love for Mason, but they could have made things easier for Mason and me. I’ve learned though, and I rely on them very rarely to actually watch Mason. 
When I pull up to my parents’ historical home, because yes, they are that hoity toity, I’m surprised to see an Audi in front. Who could that be? It must be one of my father’s friends, so it would be best to go get Mason and head on out. I hurry to rush up the front walk and let myself in.
“Mason?” I call out walking to the kitchen finding my mom.
“Oh, Honey! Guess who’s here!” my mother, Emily, is obviously excited and has a smile on her face. 
“Your grandson?” I say half joking, half serious.
“Oh, stop that. Ethan showed up!”
“Ethan? My brother?” I ask for clarification.
“Yes, your brother,” she answers with an eyeroll, “who else do you know named Ethan?”
“No one, I guess,” I mumble before asking louder, “Where’s Mason?”
“Oh, he’s out back with Ethan while I get dinner ready. You’re staying, aren’t you?”
I hate being put on the spot, and my mother knows this. “Let me see what’s going on. I haven’t seen Mason all day,” I say without really answering her question. I then turn and head to the backyard. I get to the large French doors where I stop and watch as Mason grabs a football thrown at him, tucks it, and runs like a champ. I smile watching him before I notice who he’s playing with.
Ethan. My big brother by about three years. Haven’t seen him in years. In fact, I think it was shortly after Mason was born was the last time I had seen Ethan. And now he’s here playing football with him? What’s going on? Studying him, I can see he hasn’t changed much. He’s long and lean, hair a dark auburn color, and he’s wearing glasses. He always hated them growing up, feeling self-conscious, so he always wore contacts. Now, seeing him in glasses, it’s weird.
“Hey Big Bro, long time no see,” I call out when I walk onto the deck.
Ethan’s head jerks to me, and I see a smile cross his face as he walks up to me, “Dylan!” he says as he hugs me. 
Well, this is awkward. I return the hug half-heartedly, before leaning back to meet the same green eyes as Mason and I, saying, “What are you doing here?”
“Your son is great. You’ve done really good there,” he says in an attempt to sidestep the conversation.
I poke him in the chest, “Don’t change the subject. I haven’t seen you since right after Mason was born. What are you doing here?”
I watch as Ethan’s chest rises and falls, “It was time. I missed home.”
“What have you been doing?”
“I’m an attorney. Damn good one too. But you know I’ve always wanted to come home.”
“Are you sure? Mom and Dad…”
“Yeah, I know. They’re high maintenance. But I just want to be home and practice law.”
“Oh. Does Logan know yet?”
“I just got here Dyl. Besides Mom and Dad, it’s just you.”
I nod my head, “Logan needs to come home,” I murmur pulling out my phone sending her a quick text. “Looks like we’re staying for dinner Mason!”
“Awesome! Can I play with Uncle Ethan more?”
“Sure. Just don’t get hurt! And you buster,” I turn to my brother, “be careful with my son.”
Ethan’s arms come up, “Hey now, I won’t hurt him. We’ll just pass the ball is all.”
“Good. Be ready for anything tonight.”
“I’m always ready Little Sis,” he smirks at me.
“Not in this case,” I say smirking back before turning to head inside to let my mom know Logan and some of my teammates will be coming for dinner tonight.



I smother a laugh as I watch Ethan stare at Aubrey. He hasn’t said anything beyond stuttering out a hello as soon as he saw her. It seems he’s back to when he was a teenager. I remember him making a fool of himself because whenever a girl he liked would talk to him, he would stutter. 
And it’s back.
“Uncle Ethan?” Mason asks.
“Yes Mason?” Ethan responds, his eyes never leaving Aubrey. Marley, meanwhile, is glaring daggers at him, her hands clenched so hard her knuckles are white. This is interesting…
“Why are you staring at Aubrey?”
I can tell by the sounds around the table that I’m not the only one whose noticed Ethan’s preoccupation with Aubrey. To be fair, Aubrey’s a pretty woman. She has long brown hair and large brown eyes with some killer eyelashes. Her smile is contagious with a laugh that’s equally contagious. She’s a happy person in general. I know she’s a trust fund kid, but she uses that to help at animal shelters…
“Wait a second,” I say pointing at her.
Aubrey is flushed, embarrassed by Mason’s statement, and when I point at her the blush gets worse. Too bad it only makes her prettier. “You know all the local animal shelters, right?”
“Yes, why?” 
“Zeke,” I say with a nod of my head, and I pull out my phone to shoot him a text. 
“What about Zeke?” Logan asks.
“He’s looking for a dog that will get along with Sasha.”
“I thought that was what Daisy was for?” 
“No, they don’t mesh well,” I murmur as I continue to text.
“Honey, please stop playing with your phone,” my mom says.
“I’m almost done, I promise,” I respond with a smile. “I’m sending Zeke your info Aubrey. You’re going to help him find a dog that gets along with Sasha.”
“Oh, um, alright.”
“You like dogs?” That would be Ethan finally coming out of his stupor.
“I like all animals and I want to help as many as possible,” Aubrey says with a nod.
“Huh. That’s cool.”
“Yeah, I guess,” Aubrey says still blushing.
Marley butts in, “she has a boyfriend.”
Ethan nods his head in response, but his eyes never leave Aubrey, frustrating Marley even more for some reason.
“Your mother said to put your phone up Dylan,” my father says.
“I promise, I’m almost done,” I say. Really, Zeke is trying to get me into a conversation, and if I know anything it’s that my parents don’t have patience for this. I quickly put my phone up and raise my head to find Mason watching me with a frown.
“Mom?”
“Yes Baby?”
“You alright?”
“I’m good. I just had to finish filling Zeke in so that Aubrey can help him.
“Alright,” and we all finish our meal. 
Afterwards, we’re all saying bye as Logan, Marley, and Aubrey leave. I notice Ethan stands close to Aubrey watching her. Aubrey is doing her best to ignore the looks, but I can see Marley’s still glaring. Aubrey punches her in the shoulder before heading out to their car. Ethan stands at the door watching them until they’re out of sight.
“She has a boyfriend Ethan,” I remind him. 
Really, I thought he and Marley would be in a shouting match by the end of the evening. She’s a mechanic, good with her hands, and is somewhat outspoken. She’s cute though with similar dark brown hair to Aubrey, only short and spiky with glowing hazel eyes. Her and Aubrey are roommates and best friends. From my understanding, Marley was a trust fund kid like Aubrey, but she was cut off when she chose to become a mechanic and go to school for it. She’s happy with her choice though.
“What?”
“Aubrey has a boyfriend.”
“Oh, well. That’s good then,” he says with a sigh running his hand through his hair.
My eyes widen, “You like her.”
“I don’t even know her Dyl,” he snidely replies.
“Doesn’t matter. You like her.”
Ethan blows out his breath, “Yeah, I do.”
I lean forward and rest my hand on his arm, “I’m sorry bro.”
“Not a big deal,” he shrugs. “Plenty of others are out there.”
“Yeah,” I say. Because really is there anything else I could say? Ethan literally just met Aubrey three hours ago and he’s acting heartbroken. “I gotta get Mason home.”
“Alright. How about I come by tomorrow or the next day?”
I bite my lip, “I have a full schedule tomorrow, and we’re doing a girls’ night the following evening.” Then I have a bright idea. “The guys are all hanging out together. How about you head there?”
“I don’t know Dyl. I can find something else to do.”
“Pshaw. It’s Ollie from high school along with Jake and Mary. And a couple of others. You’ll be fine. I’ll get back to you alright?”
“Yeah, sure. I guess.”
“Are you staying with Mom and Dad?”
I watch as Ethan’s eyes crinkle with laughter, “No, of course not. Can you imagine coming back here?”
“Well, no,” I say in confusion. “Where are you staying then?”
“Around,” he shrugs.
I put a hand on his arm, “You can come stay with me if you want.”
“Thanks,” he says. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Good. Mason! Say bye to everyone!”
The sound of feet running are followed by the appearance of Mason. “Bye everyone!” he calls out before running back out of sight, I’m assuming to hug his grandparents before he returns and shocks Ethan by giving him a hug. 
“Alright, let’s go home,” I say walking out the door laughing.




Chapter 8

Zeke



Well, that ended quick. Dylan just texted me some other chick’s phone number to help me find a partner for Sasha. When I pushed to continue the conversation, she said she was busy and promptly cut off contact.
I’m sitting in a rental property right on the outskirts of Granbury. No one knows that I live so close yet, but I know it’s only a matter of time with how much I’m around now. My parents are of the opinion that if Roni, Izzy, and I settle here in Granbury, then they’ll sell their house and move here. We all laughed at this because we know it’s true. They love us and want to be close to us. The fact that Izzy and Roni are here is almost enough to push them here, but they’re giving us all our space first. 
So, the rental is a small three-bedroom house. Luckily fully furnished. And a large yard thankfully. That was the one stipulation I had. I need a yard for the dogs I train. They sleep in the house, but still, they need to run.
When my phone rings, I limp to where I left it in the kitchen. I had been sitting in the living room hoping to stay away from the phone, so I don’t actually look like I’m chasing Dylan. Daisy and Sasha look up from where they’re lying, but at my hand gesture they lay their heads back down.
“Yeah?” I answer.
“Nasty way to answer the phone,” and a smile breaks out on my face.
“Jake, what’s up my man?”
“Not much. Wondering what you’re up to?”
“Ending my day relaxing. Going to take the dogs out shortly.”
“Well, the guys are going to get together in a couple of nights. Why don’t you come out?”
“The dogs…,” I begin before I’m interrupted.
“Bring them. They’ll have Dez to play with and Mason and Quinn will be here, so they’ll be able to exercise each other.”
“Mason?”
“Yeah, figures you’d ping on that. The girls are all doing a girls’ night at Mary’s, so everyone is heading somewhere. I haven’t been told yet.”
“Yeah, sure. As long as you’re good with the dogs.”
Jake grunts, “They’re fine. Dez will be with me anyways. Two more won’t hurt.”
“OK, let me know when and where.”
“Will do,” and Jake pauses. “Look, I don’t want to be in your business, but the girls are talking.”
“Girls?”
“Sage, Becca, Noelle, Roni. The girls.”
“Ah, and?”
“That gets us guys talking.”
Laughing, I ask, “About?”
“What are your intentions toward Dylan?”
“My intentions?”
“Yeah, what do you want from her?”
I look around my kitchen and think for a second before answering, “I don’t know Jake. She’s great. I like being around her.”
“What about Mason?”
“He’s an awesome kid. Fun to be around and smart as hell.”
“Is Mason going to be a problem at all?”
“Not at all. Dylan and Mason are a package deal. If I want one, I want both.”
“Do you want one?”
I sigh and figure honesty is the best, “I think I want both.”
“Alright, that’s all I need to know. I can pass that along to the guys. If you had another answer, we would have come over and kicked your ass.”
Laughing, I respond, “I probably would have let you.”
“Alright. Dylan’s a great girl. Don’t mess it up like you did on Halloween,” I’m warned before Jake hangs up the phone.
I shake my head before looking at Daisy and Sasha. “How about a walk?” This sends the dogs’ tails wagging as they sit there. Where Sasha and Daisy aren’t friends, they tolerate each other, and Sasha has taught Daisy a lot just by doing it herself. 
I quickly put their leads on and we head out. It’s cold out, and I would normally wear a hoodie with a beanie to conceal my identity, but Sasha easily gives me away so there’s no point to hiding myself. People are going to find out anyways, just hopefully not too soon. I don’t know why. I just want to make sure I stay to myself for a while longer is all.
Dylan’s really testing this. Deep down, I feel the urge to go seek her out. I need to focus. She sent me Aubrey’s information to find dogs. I don’t know why she thinks her friend will help me find dogs, but I’m willing to put a little faith in her.
I quickly finish the walk with the dogs and get everyone settled in. By settled in I mean the dogs are lying next to the bed while I’m taking a hot shower to ease the pain in the scar tissue down my left side. Jake mentioned that Dylan rubs his stump and back. Maybe I should see if she could help me? Not like she can see the scars with the number of tattoos I have just to cover them. And actually, I really don’t want her to see them, one in particular. 
Which leads me to thinking about her on my lap, riding me. Damn, I would love to feel her more. Skin to skin. I feel my cock get hard and it seems almost natural to reach down and take myself in hand. As I slowly stroke myself, I think of Dylan. Its pictures flipping through my imagination. Her lips open as if sighing, another of her eyes, her hands covering her breasts. Her flat stomach. God her thighs. I lengthen and speed my strokes, my other hand cradling my balls in my hand, squeezing them a little as I imagine Dylan’s mouth around my cock. That’s enough to set me off, and I come on a groan of her name.
“Dylan.”
I stand there, head down, breathing heavily, as I slowly squeeze my cock from base to tip before tilting my head back and taking a deep breath. I clean myself off really quick before turning the water off and getting out of the shower.
I’m drying myself off, walking into my room when my phone rings. Wrapping the towel around my waist, I think about ignoring it, but I never know if it’s someone who needs help, so I go to grab it, answering it without looking at the screen.
“Hello?” I say gruffly as I sit on the edge of my bed. Yes, I’m bummed. That orgasm would have been better had Dylan been here. Her on her knees in front of me as I jerk off…
“Hey.”
My head jerks up, “Dylan?” I notice Sasha’s head perk up out the corner of eye.
Laughing, she says, “Who else would be calling you at 10:30 at night?”
“Any number of people,” I tease back even as I shift my hardening cock. Apparently, it likes Dylan’s voice. “Izzy, Roni, who knows who else.”
“Well, sorry to say, but you got me tonight.”
“It’s not a hardship,” I move to fix the towel around my waist while I move to lean back on my bed. “What’s going on?”
“Nothing. I just thought I would actually call you. I was having dinner at my parents when I texted you, but I had to make it quick.”
“Well, can’t say I’m not happy that I didn’t get to talk to you earlier, but I’ll take talking to you now.”
“So, I was wondering…,” as she says this, I move to sit up in the bed waiting for her to say something, “if you would like to come to dinner tomorrow night?”
Confusion washes over me. “Dinner?”
“Yes,” she answers hesitantly.
“At your place?”
“Yes.”
“With you and Mason?”
“Really Zeke, I don’t know what’s wrong with you, but yes, with me and Mason.”
This is a complete one eighty from where she was earlier. “Dylan, I appreciate it, and I’m saying yes. But what changed?”
“Changed?”
“Yes changed. You ran away because you were afraid about me being around Mason, and now you’re inviting me over to eat dinner with him.”
“Yes.”
“Again, what changed.”
“I miss you.”
“It’s been a couple of hours since we saw each other, and it’s not like we’ve spent a lot of time together.”
“I know. But,” she pauses, “I want more. And that means you get to be around Mason.”
“Dylan?”
“What?” she asks hesitantly.
“It has taken everything in me not to go to your place tonight.”
“Really?”
“Yeah,” I say huskily.
“What would you want to do if you were here?”
“I’m thinking we could put a movie on, and I can try my hardest to distract you.”
“Hmmm, how would you do that?”
“You have this spot under your ear that I know turns you to mush.”
“Oh, I do, do I?”
“Yes, you do. And you’re ticklish. I’m sure I can stroke my hands up your sides lightly enough to keep you from laughing,” I murmur as I shift my cock.
“Ah, and if you did that, I would have to curl my arms around your shoulders and thrust my breasts in your face to get them some attention,” she breathes out.
Groaning, “Dylan, you have no clue how much I want you.”
“Zeke?”
“Yeah?” I say while stroking my cock.
“Why don’t you come over?” she whispers through the line.
I sit up straight. “You sure?”
“Yeah. We can…watch a movie.” 
“I’ll be there in five minutes,” I stand up looking for shorts and a t-shirt.
“Well, you don’t have to break laws getting here Zeke. I know it’ll be a while.”
“Five minutes Dylan,” I say before hanging up. I pull on some athletic shorts and a t-shirt I had thrown in the corner before sliding some flip flops on. No time to waste on shoes and socks. The cold is worth it.
“Sasha, Daisy. Let’s go!” I call out and they run to the door where I attach their leads and get them in the truck. They can sense my excitement and don’t want to waste time either. I shift into gear and make my way as fast as possible to Dylan’s. 
With a block left, I see familiar red and blue lights go off behind me. Shit. I pull over, get all my paperwork and license out and wait for the officer to approach with my fingers tapping on the steering wheel.
“Well, well. What do we have here?”
I look at the officer and see Jake’s friend Ollie. “Hey Ollie.” Sasha and Daisy push between the two front seats to see who the newcomer is. “Sit,” I murmur, and they immediately comply.
Ollie watches this quietly, before asking, “Want to tell me what you’re up to?”
“An evening drive with the dogs,” I say with a nod.
“Huh. In a t-shirt, shorts, and” he tilts his head a little, “flip flops in twenty-five-degree weather?” His eyes are laughing damn it and I can see him trying to keep from laughing out loud.
“Yes.”
“You know you’re only a block away from Dylan’s, right?” Sasha barks at hearing Dylan’s name but doesn’t get up.
I think before I answer and go with the truth, “I’m aware of that.”
“You heading to her place?”
“Yes.”
“She know?”
“She invited me.”
Ollie’s eyebrow arches at that, “Really?”
“Yes, really! Why do you think I’m dressed like this? I’m not giving her a chance to change her mind!”
At that Ollie’s laughter bursts out. “Man, it’s all good. I saw you and was shocked to see you here in town so late and no one know.”
I study him for a second before I go with, “Can you keep something to yourself?”
“Depends. Is it illegal?”
“Perfectly legal.”
“Then sure,” he shrugs.
“I moved into a rental outside of town.”
“You moved here?”
“Yes. I’m scoping out the area to set up a training facility for dogs.”
“Why here?”
“Izzy and Roni mainly.”
That damn eyebrow goes up before he steps back. “Well, you better go to the other reason before she changes her mind.”
I grin and salute him, “Will do.”
“And Zeke?”
“Yeah?”
“Don’t hurt her. She has plenty of friends here. Friends who view her as family.”
I look at him sharply before I nod my head. “I don’t plan to hurt her. If anything, I think she’ll hurt me.”
Ollie raps the top of my car, “Isn’t that the truth. Have a nice evening,” and he walks back to his car, leaving me to continue on my way.
When I pull up in front of her house, I take a second to look at it before getting out. The dogs’ leads in hand, I walk up to the front door. Before I reach it though it’s open and Dylan’s standing there. And she’s in a pair of leggings under a baggy shirt with her hair in a single braid lying over her shoulder. And a smile.
God, her smiles are amazing.
“You going to stand there and stare or are you going to come in?” Then she pauses, looking at my feet. “It’s pretty cold outside to be wearing flip flops.”
I look down at my feet, wiggling the toes before looking back up at her, “I was in a hurry.”
“It looks like that. Sasha, Daisy, come,” and hell if the dogs don’t go to her like she’s their master. 
The fact that I follow like one of them doesn’t matter. Does it?
As soon as I walk in the door, warmth envelopes me and not just physically. I feel as if I’m where I’m meant to be. It was the same on Halloween. I look around and find the dogs laying down on the floor of the living room before I turn to look for Dylan. Just as I turn to walk to the kitchen, she comes out.
“Hey,” she smiles at me. When she reaches me, she grabs my hand, “Ready to watch a movie?”
“Sure, what are we watching?”
She nibbles her lip and looks at me, “Promise not to laugh?”
“Well, now that you’ve asked, I can’t promise.”
“True,” she says musingly as she leads me to the living room where we sit on the couch together. “I like funny movies.”
“Alright.”
“Stupid funny movies.”
“That’s fine. Put it on,” I nod my head to the television.
She’s still nibbling her lip but goes to hit play. And I start laughing.
“Anchorman? Really?”
She shrugs adorably. “I’m a big Will Ferrell fan. I love all his movies.” Then she leans her head against my shoulder. Naturally, I wrap my arm around her shoulders, pulling her closer and we settle back to watch Ron Burgundy.
About halfway through, I notice Dylan’s hand twitch before it falls on my lap. Right on my crotch. Well shit. This isn’t going to be good. Especially as I react almost immediately. I move to shift my body a little away, but Dylan beats me to it. Her hand flattens on my now solid cock.
“Dylan,” I murmur. 
“Zeke,” she murmurs back.
“Are you awake?”
“Wide.”
I lean down to rest my head on hers while my arm drops low enough that my hand plays with the hem of her shirt before sneaking under just a little. When I touch the bare skin of her stomach, she sucks in a breath and tilts her face to mine. I take the chance.
Our kiss. Damn, there are no words. I open my mouth over hers and go to nibble her lips while pulling her closer to me. 
“Dylan,” I murmur, and when her mouth opens, I slide my tongue in, deepening the kiss. My hand that isn’t under her shirt inching its way to her breast goes to hold her face to mine as we continue to kiss. Right before I reach her breast, I lean back. “You sure?”
“Zeke,” she whispers after licking her lips, “If I weren’t sure, you wouldn’t be here.”
“Good answer,” I swoop back in and kiss her just as my hand cups her breast. Her moan is enough for me to stand up. “Let’s go. Where’s your room?”
“Um, at the end of the hall.”
“Good,” I say as I pick her up, giving her the chance to wrap her legs around me as I carry her to her room. I don’t bother to turn the light on, instead laying her on the bed before turning to close the door after the dogs are in. “Sorry, they have to be near for training,” I begin.
“It’s fine,” Dylan says as she sits up and does something totally unexpected. She whips her shirt off. “Get over here now,” she continues as she takes her bra off, dropping it on the floor.
“Damn, I like this side of you,” I say as I strip my shirt off, leaving me in only my athletic shorts. I head to the bed where I crawl up her body until I’m hovering over her. I lean down, my body making contact with hers and damn it feels good. I moan as Dylan thrusts her chest up to mine, rubbing her nipples against my chest.
“Dylan, it’s been a while.”
“Same.”
“I’m saying that because I really don’t know how long I’ll last once we start,” I say as I thrust my cock against her.
“I don’t care. There’ll be other times,” she says with a hitch of her breath as I thrust at a good angle that causes her eyes to roll. Her legs come up and wrap around my waist as her hands trace down my sides to grab my ass, pulling me into her even more if that were possible.
I lean down to her breasts, taking one with my mouth as a hand gets the other. As my mouth nibbles a nipple, the hands squeeze, and I continue to thrust. I can smell her, and it makes me even harder.
“Can we get some more clothes off?” Dylan asks.
Nothing more needs to be said. I stand up and strip my athletic shorts off, revealing my cock to her. Is it wrong that I take pleasure in her eyes going wide? I’ll answer that for myself and say no. And they’re not wide at my lack of size if I can go by her licking her lips. I groan but focus enough to grab her leggings and panties and whisk them from her body at the same time, leaving her completely bare to me. 
Out of habit maybe, Dylan tries to close her legs, but I’m in between them, my cock against her and my hands find hers holding them in place. “Look at me Dylan.”
When she makes eye contact, I get distracted for a second, because she really does have gorgeous green eyes that show every emotion. When she thrusts up against my cock, coating me in her own juices, I come back to it. I start a slow slide, my cock hitting her clit as it glides through her wet slit. 
“Really I think maybe we should speed this up,” she says breathlessly.
“I’m enjoying this though,” I respond, continuing my thrusts.
“Zeke?”
“Yeah?” I ask with a particularly long thrust that has the head of my cock at her entrance before it continues to her clit, hitting it perfectly enough that Dylan gasps.
When she catches her breath, she looks at me. “It’s been eleven years for me.”
I’m leaning in to capture a nipple again when her statement stops me. “What’s this now?” I lean back to get a better look at her.
“I haven’t done anything with anyone since before Mason was born.”
“What? How the hell is that even possible?” I ask in confusion.
“I’ve been busy with Mason and my business,” she shrugs adorably. “I hadn’t met anyone I’ve wanted to until…”
“Until…?” I prod her.
“Until you,” she whispers.
Groaning, I drop my forehead to hers. “Yeah, it’s so on. You ready?”
“Yeah,” Dylan asks around a wobbly smile.
I distract her, fondling her breasts, my hands running all over her body and even playing with her clit, when I make a sudden move and have my cock nudging at her entrance in a slow thrust that allows me to go deeper. Of course, the fact that she’s wet helps too.
“We’re doing this Dylan.”
“Yes please!”
“You’re gonna want to pull a pillow over your face or something,” I warn with a smile right before I thrust deep into her, causing her back to bow into me, and a growl erupts from deep within me.
I give her a minute to get used to me before I drag my cock out to the tip and slam it back in causing her to grunt. When I repeat it, Dylan’s legs come back up around me even tighter and her hands go to my ass, squeezing them.
“Do you know how much I love your ass?” Dylan asks in between breaths as I start to thrust faster.
“No, but I’m sure it’s nowhere close to how much your tits get me,” I say with a smile as sweat drips off my forehead onto her chest.
“Anytime you want to see them, you just have to ask,” Dylan says. “Oh God, that feels good.”
“So, do you. You’re so damn tight,” I have my teeth clenched in hopes of distracting myself, but damn she’s dragging me closer to an orgasm. I reach a hand down to her clit and start to flick it as I continue thrusting, and soon enough a blush that was a pale pink before on her chest is now a burst of red and rising up to her face.
“Oh,” Dylan’s looking confused at me. “That’s really nice.”
“Yeah, it is,” I say as I pinch her clit a little, and that’s enough to send her into an orgasm. Luckily, I bring my hand up to cover her mouth, covering her scream of pleasure. “My turn,” I smirk at her before I hook my arms under her knees and pull her closer so that I can go harder and faster than before.
I’m looking at her breasts sway with each thrust and I’m getting closer and closer when I swear she has another orgasm if her grabbing a pillow is anything to go by. Or the fact that her pussy clamps on me like a vice, sending me into my own orgasm as I plunge deep into her in release. I thrust a couple more times before I slowly pull out of her and move to lay next to her breathing heavily.
I reach down and grab her hand, bringing it to my lips for a kiss. “Wow.”
“Yeah, wow,” Dylan agrees.
“You gonna be ready in about an hour to go again?”
“What?”
“You have a lot of catching up to do. I figure I’ll be ready in an hour. Unless you decide to prance around your room naked. In that case, it’ll probably only be a matter of minutes.”
Laughing, Dylan turns to lean over me, her naked breasts brushing my arm. “How about we go get a shower, then come back.”
“I’m good with that. But before we go any further, I have a question.”
“What’s that?”
I lean up and kiss her on the lips. “When do you want me gone? I don’t know what time you wake up, and I don’t want to confuse Mason.”
“Oh. We wake up around seven to take him to school.”
“And when do you have to be at work?”
She thinks for a second before responding, “My first session isn’t until eleven.”
“So how about I get out of here around six, and then we can meet here again or maybe go to breakfast,” I suggest, stroking her arm.
“Hmm, or,” she gets a smile on her face, “you can go pick up breakfast and bring it back here and we can eat breakfast in bed.”
“Now that’s an idea,” I stand up and tug her behind me to the bathroom, where we shower in the dark, followed by another quick round where her hands are on the wall and I’m going at her from behind.
When we reach her bed, we fall into it and almost immediately sleep overtakes us. 




Chapter 9

Dylan



I really don’t want to be here. Honestly, I’d rather be eating dinner with Mason and Zeke, having a nice evening that ends with Zeke and I in bed. But nope. I’m at Mary’s house with a bunch of other girls, sorry, ladies, maybe women? And we’re getting our drink on. Kind of. Noelle is obviously not drinking since she has to breast feed Madison, but she’s still having the time of her life.
And I’m sitting here bummed because I get a break from being a mom for an evening. 
There must be something wrong me.
“What’s going on with you?” Noelle sits next to me along with Sage and Becca. Us four make up the older group here by a whopping two to four years, while Logan, Izzy, Roni, Marley, and Aubrey make up the younger set. We’re drinking wine while the young’uns are doing shots of gold schlager. Gag.
I take a sip of my wine before answering, “Not much. I’m enjoying myself,” with a forced smile.
“Yeah, sure you are,” Sage says with an eye roll. “Come clean.”
“Come clean? About what?” I ask in confusion.
“Ollie told me.”
“Told you what?” I’m still confused and so are Noelle and Becca from the looks of it.
“Ollie pulled someone over a block from your house the other night.”
“Ok…,” I say slowly, not knowing where she’s going with this.
Roni drops down practically on top of me, “I saw a truck outside her house last night.”
“I live on a busy street Roni. Of course, there’s cars parked outside my house,” I say with a hint of laughter in my voice. Deep down though, I swear I’m sweating, because I know where this is going.
“Oh! Was it a black truck?” Marley comes up to join us with Aubrey next to her.
“Yes, do tell. Was it a black truck?” Noelle asks with a smile as she sips her wine.
I’m feeling ganged up here, so it’s probably better to come clean. “Fine, alright. Zeke’s been by a couple of times.”
“Been by?” Becca asks.
“I really hope by been by you actually mean knocking boots,” Marley asks. “If there’s anything I know, it’s that you need to get laid.”
“And I think you’ve had enough to drink,” I take the drink of whatever she’s drinking away and put it to the side before turning back to everyone. “We’re getting to know each other.”
“I wonder why it takes my brother being at your house at five in the morning for you to get to know each other,” Izzy interjects innocently. 
At this all eyes turn to me in shock, and I think delight right before all the questions start coming in. Roni and Izzy turn to walk in the kitchen with the simple statement, “Eww. That’s our brother.” 
“Yeah, go away so she can share all the hot gossip that we should’ve already known,” Sage calls back to them.
“So, what’s going on?” Noelle asks.
“Yeah, please tell us! Zeke is so hot!” Marley calls out.
“Stop talking about our brother so loud!” Izzy yells from the kitchen.
“Go text Nelson!” Aubrey yells back.
“I will!”
“Alright, back to Zeke. What’s going on?” Becca asks.
“I don’t know?”
“What do you mean, you don’t know?” Noelle asks gently.
“We’re…having fun?” At least I think that’s what this is for now.
Sage snorts, “Yeah, sure. I think it’s more.”
“I don’t know what this is,” I shrug.
“I think it’s two hot people knocking boots!” Marley says loud enough that Roni’s head pops out. She narrows her eyes on Marley, points at her with a glare, and disappears without saying anything.
“Uh oh Marley. I think Roni’s going to take you down at practice,” Aubrey murmurs. 
“It’s worth it. So, tell us about Zeke! Those tats are to die for! Are they everywhere?”
I tilt my head thinking. “You know, I really don’t know where all his tats are.”
“You mean you haven’t…”
“No, um, we have,” I feel a blush rising. “It’s just we didn’t have the lights on.”
“What?!” Noelle yells out in confusion.
“Well, I have Mason. If he wakes up and sees my light on, he’ll come in. So, I always keep the lights off.” But really thinking about it, Zeke never attempted to turn the lights on, even after I’ve dropped Mason at school and it’s just the two of us. 
“I see her thinking,” Becca says softly.
I take a deep breath, before looking up, “It’s just that, even when we were in the shower together the lights were off.”
“Oh, shower sex is awesome,” Marley says fanning herself.
“The lights are always off?” Sage asks.
I nod my head. “Yes. Well, only when we’re having sex.”
“Really?” Noelle asks. 
The room shifts from being fun and light to angry and tense.
“Oh, hell no,” Izzy says coming in.
“What?” Logan asks having kept quiet for a while.
“My brother isn’t an asshole. There has to be a reason for the lights being off,” Roni joins the group.
“I say we go find out what his reasoning is,” Marley stands up and grabs her purse. “Who’s sober?”
Sighing, Noelle raises her hand, “Let’s go get in my car.”
“What for?” I ask stupidly.
“We’re going to Jake’s to find out the reasoning for Zeke keeping the lights off,” Sage hooks her arm through mine, dragging me up and out the door.
I nibble my lip, “Maybe we shouldn’t…”
“Yes, yes we should,” Marley says before asking, “Will Ethan be there?”
“Ethan’s back?” Becca asks.
“Yep!” Logan says. “He couldn’t take his eyes off Aubrey at dinner the other night!”
“Really?” Noelle asks as she waits for everyone to get into her large SUV and buckle up.
“Yep, and even better is that Mason called him on it!” We all turn to look at Aubrey whose flushed a bright red.
“It doesn’t matter. I have Kyle anyways,” she says with a smile.
“Yeah, and he’s never around, always makes excuses not to come out here or go to competitions,” Marley says. “I’m telling you, something’s up.”
“He’s busy with work,” she shrugs. “I still see him, and we talk a lot.”
Noelle pulls out of her driveway and starts the quick drive to Jake’s.
“No, you text a lot,” Marley comes back.
“Ladies, please stop. We can come back to this later,” Roni says. “Right now, we have to focus on seeing what’s what and get my brother out of the doghouse.”
“He’s not in the doghouse,” I say dryly. Have we really drunk so much that we’re going to confront the man I have had the best sex ever with as a group?
“Well, we all need answers!” Sage says.
Guess we are drunk enough.
“There’s a reason for it, I’m sure of it!” Izzy says.
“Did anyone give them a heads up that we were coming?”
Snickers abound with the word coming, but it comes to a halt as we pull up. Jake and Becca’s house is all lit up, and we can hear noise from inside, but who knows what it is. There are also more cars than expected outside.
“Hey, isn’t that Garrett and Barrett’s car?” Roni asks Izzy.
“Yeah, it is. Wonder what’s up?”
“Who are Garrett and Barrett?” Marley asks.
“Our cousins. Twins,” Roni offers before adding grimly, “And apparently they’re looking for Max.”
At her announcement everyone stops and looks at Roni to find her looking pale. “Hey Hon, you alright?” I ask reaching for her hand.
Roni physically shakes herself, “Yeah, great. Let’s go clear my brother of any charges against him.”
“He’s not on trial Roni,” I say in exasperation.
“Well, whatever, let’s go.”
We’re walking up the pathway, all nine of us, when the door swings open. 
“Babe, what are you doing here? Everything alright?” Mary walks straight to Noelle, taking her in his arms. Cue ovary explosion.
“I’m fine Mary. We’re fine. Where’s Madison?” 
“Sleeping in the spare bedroom. Want to go see her?”
“Not just yet. We got some stuff to figure out.”
He looks at all of us before asking, “Who’s in trouble?”
“Not you,” I say patting him on the chest as I walk by him and into the house. Then I turn around, “Where’s Mason?”
“Out back playing catch with Quinn.”
“Good. He doesn’t need to hear this.”
“I guess this has to do with Zeke then,” I hear him sigh behind me.
We all tromp in, Sage, Becca, and Izzy going straight to Ollie, Jake, and Nelson. When everyone’s settled, I look around, noting Ethan’s eyes on Aubrey again, followed by noting that Marley is glaring at Ethan.
“So, we’re here for a reason. Get on with it,” Roni says.
“Can I do this in private?”
“Nope. We have to know now. We’re family.”
“God, this is so embarrassing,” I say as I look at Zeke who’s standing across the room staring at me like I’m his favorite dessert. “Zeke?”
His head comes up from his perusal of my body so that his eyes meet mine. “Yeah?” He says as he takes a drink of his beer.
I nibble my lips, damn nervous habit. “I have a question to ask you.”
“Alright,” he says nodding his head. When he takes another drink of his beer, I can tell he’s nervous.
“Why don’t we have sex with the lights on?”
And beer is everywhere from where Zeke spits it out. “What the fuck?” he asks.
“Yes, we all want to know why you don’t have sex with the lights on,” Marley asks calmly.
“And everyone needs to know the answer?” 
All the women nod their heads in the affirmative. Then a guy steps forward, and damn is he handsome, bearing a slight resemblance to Zeke, “I must say, I’m curious too.”
“I second that,” his exact replica stands up next to him.
“I could care less. That’s my sister!” Ethan says, but his eyes don’t leave Aubrey.
Mary takes over, “Alright, well, I think he needs to say why. If there’s something up, then maybe we can help.”
“There’s nothing wrong or up or anything!” Zeke bites out in frustration.
“Then why don’t we have sex with the lights on?” Liquid courage is definitely coursing through my veins right now.
Zeke walks up to me and grabs my hand, “Come with me.”
“Wait! We want to know!” Marley calls out.
“Shut up Marley!” Aubrey yells.
Zeke’s leading me through Jake’s house until we come to an office type of room. Closing the door behind us, he leans back against it and pulls me into his arms with his face cuddling into my neck.
“Zeke?” I say after a lengthy silence where he’s kissing my neck as his hands glide under my shirt.
“Yeah?” he mumbles. “God, you smell good,” as his hands come to my breasts, taking them in hand.
Around a moan I manage to get out, “I really would like to know the answer.”
Zeke pulls back, his head coming up and hitting the door. “Damn it.”
“Am I…Is it me?” I ask nervously. Oh God, if it’s me, and I’m just a fucktoy to him I’ll die.
“No!”
“Then what is it?” I ask in confusion.
“I wasn’t ready to do this just yet,” he grumbles.
“Do what?” I’m feeling antsy now. I have no clue what’s going on, but whatever it is, it’s making me nervous.
“I’m…scarred.”
“OK…” I say slowly. “You’ve told me that.”
“You know I was injured. I lost my pinky.”
I smile at him, grabbing his left hand and linking our fingers together, “I don’t care about that. But I haven’t seen any of your scars.”
“That’s the reason for the darkness.”
“You don’t want me to see your scars?”
“Among other things,” he nods.
“Other things?”
“Yeah.”
“What other things?”
“A tattoo.”
“Zeke, you have a ton of tattoos,” I look at the one that rises up the left side of his neck while I stroke his arm, “They’re great.”
“I had one done more…recently.”
“And?”
“I’m not ready to show you,” he explains as he leans down to kiss me.
“So, let me get this straight,” I try to understand. “You won’t have sex with me with the lights on because of a tattoo?”
“Yes.”
“That’s a weak ass argument Zeke.”
“What do you want me to do?”
“Show me.”
“No.”
“Show me Zeke. I have shared everything with you,” I start to cry. “Is it so bad that you can’t share your body with me?”
“It’s…it’s complicated.”
“Complicated or not, you have a choice to make.”
“Choice?”
“Yes. I stepped out of my comfort zone and am trying to start something with you, here and now. It’s your turn now.”
“I can’t Dylan,” his voice cracks. “Not yet.”
I look up at him with sad eyes, “Then we can’t be together.”
“You don’t mean that.”
“I do,” I say as I feel tears start to pool in my eyes. “I went through one relationship that left me high and dry. I won’t do it again.”
“I just want some time.”
“Time?” I feel laughter bubble in my throat. “Like after Halloween?”
“No. Not time away from you.”
“Show me then.”
Zeke grabs my arms, “Dylan, please. Not yet.”
“Then when?”
“I don’t know.”
I pull away from him and walk to the door where I turn around. “When you’re ready, you know where to find me.” 
I walk through the door, leaving Zeke behind. When I reach the living area, I look at all the girls. “It’s a tattoo. Let’s go.”
“That’s it? What’s it of?” Marley asks.
“I don’t know, and he won’t show or tell me,” I say walking to the door. I get in Noelle’s car where I last all of two seconds before breaking down and crying.
“It’s going to be alright Dylan,” Noelle says softly.
“Yeah, my brother’s an idiot,” Roni comes up with her.
“Yes, it will be and yes he is,” I say, nodding my head in agreement. “Let’s get drunk.”





Chapter 10

Zeke



“So, what are you going to do?”
I sigh in frustration, throwing a glare at Roni. We’re at our parents’ house waiting on Izzy and Nelson to get here so we can eat dinner. It’s been a week since I’ve seen Dylan, and it’s tearing me up inside. I’ve been in contact with Aubrey, and she gave me some leads to find a buddy for Sasha, but nothing’s been a fit yet. 
So, yeah, you could say I’m not a happy camper right now.
“I don’t know. Nothing’s going right for me right now,” I snarl at her. Daisy and Sasha look up at me from the floor in the corner, where my mom bought beds for them when I bring them by. She’s always thinking of little things. She says the dogs are like her grandkids, so she has every right to spoil them. She’s off her rocker, but she’s the best.
“Oh, Honey. What’s wrong?” my mom asks from the stove where she’s cooking. Roni and I are sitting at the stools at the island counter, eating from a vegetable tray along with a plate of deviled eggs that I’ve pulled in front of me even though I’m not eating them. I really just want to keep them away from Roni.
“Everything,” I throw my hands up in the air.
“Well, why don’t you ask Roni for some advice?”
“Roni?” I say looking at her in horror. “You want me to ask my sister for relationship and life advice?” 
“Why not?”
I turn to look at Roni, who just waves back at me with a smile, before I look back at my mom. “Yeah, not happening.”
“But her books are so good, and there’s always a happily ever after.”
“Mom, her books are fiction.”
“Actually, they’re based on real life,” Roni shrugs her shoulders. “If you read them, you’d see that.”
“You’ve written, what? Four books?”
“Yep.”
“And how are you doing in the love department?” I say without thinking. Roni’s face pales, almost to the color it was when she was actively Goth. “Oh shit Roni. I’m sorry,” I go to take her in a hug, but she stands up before I can reach her. 
“I’m going Mom. Sorry. I forgot there was something I had to do,” she says as she grabs her things and heads to the door.
“But Roni,” my mom begins, but it’s too late as we hear the front door slam. Then my mom turns on me. “What did you just do?”
“Hurt Roni’s feelings.”
“Is this over that Max fellow?”
“Yeah,” I say, running my hands through my hair.
“So, you think that since your life’s in the crapper that everyone else’s should be as well?”
“No.”
“Well then what are you going to do?”
“Apologize,” I mumble.
“And?”
I look at her in confusion. My mom can be nuts every now and then. “And?”
“Yes. Roni’s your family. What about your love life?”
“Mom,” I moan. “I really don’t want to talk about my love life with you.”
“Ah ha! So, there is one!” She waves a spoon covered in spaghetti sauce at me, dripping sauce as she goes. My family loves spaghetti. My mom and Izzy easily make it at least once a week, so if I plan it right, I can get it twice. And leftovers.
“I thought there was.”
“Was?”
“Was.”
“What happened?”
“My dumbass brother won’t open up to her,” Izzy walks in with a smile. “Hey mom, sorry we’re late,” she moves to hug her, followed by Nelson. Then she looks around and frowns, “Where’s Roni?”
“You just missed your stupid brother hurt her feelings and send her running,” my mom glares at me.
Izzy turns to look at me, “Max?”
“Max.”
“Where are Garrett and Barrett at with that?”
“You have Garrett and Barrett involved?!” My mom bursts out loud enough to bring my father running and Daisy and Sasha pacing while making low whimpering noises.
“What’s going on?” he asks as he pets Daisy. He would never admit it, but Daisy is his favorite. Sasha seems to disregard everyone except Dylan.
The spoon waves toward Izzy and I, dropping more sauce, as my mom turns to him, “Your children, who I could have sworn were grown, have somehow gone and gotten your nephews involved in looking for a man for Roni!”
My father turns to us, causing Izzy to fidget while I feign boredom. “Max?” he asks.
“Max,” we sigh in unison.
My dad studies us for a second before nodding his head, “Good. If you didn’t, I would have.”
“What?!” my mom looks in shock at him.
“Darling, Roni’s sad,” my dad takes her in his arms. “She’s lost and I can’t stand it. Her heart’s with Max. I just got used to the Goth aspect when she goes back to her natural state.” He leans back and cups her face, “But, and you need to look at me. Have we ever seen Roni happier than she was since she moved to Granbury?”
“No,” my mom frowns.
“What about when she was actively being a twin?” he throws a wink at Izzy to tell her no hard feelings and gets a smile in return.
My mom sighs, “No. I’m just worried about her. It’s been several months. If this Max guy wanted to be found, he would have been found by now.”
“I think it’s because we don’t necessarily know his name.”
“What?!”
“Max. His name. We don’t know his last name, or even if his first name really is Max.”
My mom stands there, mouth agape. “Who….,” she says dazedly.
“Honey, it’s alright. He’ll be found.” 
I watch as my mom and dad hold each other, their love just so obvious for each before I turn to find Izzy with Nelson’s arm draped across her shoulders. She’s so happy. 
Damn it. I know what I have to do.



When I pull up to Dylan’s house a couple hours later, I find it completely dark. I walk up to the front door, but I don’t knock. I don’t want to wake Mason up. I look down to see Sasha and Daisy curled together on the porch watching me in curiosity. Sighing, I pull out my phone and text Dylan.
Me: Hey
Almost immediately I get a response.
Dylan: What do you want?
Me: Can we talk?
Dylan: I don’t think that’s a good idea Zeke.
Me: I miss you
Dylan: Doesn’t change what happened.
Me: Dylan please
Me: Give me a chance to make this right
Dylan: You had a chance, and you didn’t take it.
Me: I was stupid
Dylan: Agreed
Me: So, give me a chance
Dylan: Fine. Tomorrow we can meet for coffee.
Me: I was thinking earlier than that…
Dylan: I’m about to go to bed. 
Dylan: I’m not up to waiting for an hour for you to get here just to talk.
Me: How about 30 seconds?
I hear a thumping sound followed by rushed footsteps that get louder as Dylan gets closer to the door. I hear her gasp, which means she looked through the peephole to see me before she opens the door.
“What are you doing here?!” she whisper yells at me as she pets Sasha.
“I couldn’t wait,” I swallow as I see what she’s wearing. Or lack. Normally Dylan’s wearing leggings but right now they’re missing. She has an oversized tee and her hair’s in a single braid hanging over her shoulder to curl around her breast.
“For what?”
“This,” and I lean forward and kiss her, my tongue immediately goes inside on her gasp.
Dylan’s hands come up to my face holding me in place as she returns the kiss. I grab her hips, bringing her to me as I walk her backwards into the house. I close the door with my foot, knowing she already has one of the locks engaged, and I continue to walk her back to her room. As we pass the living room, I tell the dogs to stay.
When we reach her room, Dylan stops. “Wait!” she pushes me back, her lips swollen from mine and breathing heavily. “Just, stop for a sec.”
I drop my face to her neck where I trail kisses from her shoulder to her ear, “What do you want?” I whisper.
“Zeke,” she moans.
I lean up, and before she can protest, I pick her up and take her to the bed where I drop her before stepping back. “I have to show you something, but you have to promise not to read into it.”
“Show me…,” she asks in confusion before her eyes light up in understanding. “Alright,” she nods.
“And don’t let this come between us.”
“You’re scaring me Zeke,” she says as she nibbles her lip.
“Yeah, I scare myself sometimes,” as I go back to her bedroom door to close and lock it. I take a breath before turning to face her, noticing how the lights are all on in her room. I walk toward her taking my shirt off, revealing the tattoos that cover the top half of the left side.
“Wow,” I barely hear Dylan whisper as her hand twitches in her lap.
I stop to get my shoes and socks off as I hop my way toward her a little while saying, “These were some of the first ones I got, right after the healing was complete.”
“What about doing surgery? Like a skin graft or something?”
“I was tired of surgeries. This was easier and less recovery time,” I shrug.
“Do they ever hurt?” she asks in concern.
“Sometimes they feel tight, but I rub the area and it’s good,” I take off my belt, dropping it to the floor.
I’m right in front of Dylan with only my pants on, and she reaches out and touches my tattoos, my scars. “I can massage you one day,” she murmurs.
I grab her hand, “I don’t think that would be a good idea.”
Her eyes shoot to mine and I see the pain in them, “Oh.”
“Only because I doubt I could let you finish a massage without pulling you down and taking advantage of you on the bed.”
“I think I’d like that,” she whispers.
Groaning, I lean my head back, “She’s gonna be the death of me, isn’t she?” I ask of no one in particular.
“I hope not.”
I look down at her, seeing her face tilted up to look at me, and her green eyes bright if somewhat hazy with passion. I take a deep breath. “You ready to see what I didn’t want you to?”
“Are you alright with that?” she looks up at me questioningly while nibbling her lower lip.
“Dylan,” I lean forward and cup her face. “If this is what it takes, then so be it. I’ll sacrifice anything,” I say fiercely.
I see a look of mock shock cross her face, “Not the dogs!”
“Wait, what?” I pull back. What’s with this craziness she’s spouting?
“You wouldn’t sacrifice the dogs, would you?” her lower lip trembling. That’s when I really look at her and I can tell she’s trying to keep from laughing.
“Why you little -,” she cuts me off by pulling me down to kiss her, distracting me for a couple of minutes before I pull back.
I take a step back, unbuttoning and unzipping my pants as I say, “Meeting you made a huge impact on me, and you scared me. I wanted you, and you were perfectly fine with all my imperfections,” I begin.
“No one’s perfect Zeke,” she responds, her green eyes staying on mine.
“You are. I knew it would be dangerous if I stayed around, so I stayed away,” I start to push my pants and boxers down. “But you stayed with me. In here,” I touch my head, “and here,” my hand moves to my chest. “I knew that if I didn’t do something, anything, I would come back here, and I was fighting that for all I was worth. Which was why I got this,” I turn the left side of my body toward her.
Her hands go to her mouth before they reach out to trace the tattoo that covers my hip and thigh. “Zeke. How did you…”
I shrug, “I’m not proud of it but I Facebook stalked my sisters, Jake, everyone, until I found you.”
“You stalked me?”
I nod my head, watching her, but she hasn’t moved her eyes from the tattoo. “It’s beautiful Zeke.” Her hand reaches out to trace the vibrant red hair down to where it meets the bright green tail and translucent fins.
“You’re beautiful Dylan,” I reach forward to play with her hair as she continues touching the tattoo.
“Only to you.”
“No one else matters.”
“So,” she says moving back on the bed, pulling me with her. “A mermaid huh?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s how I look like to you?”
“It seemed appropriate.”
“It really does look like me,” she sighs right before I take her mouth with mine.
We kiss like that, me completely naked on top her fully clothed before things start to heat up pretty quick. I grab her shirt and yank it over her head, leaving her in nothing but a pair of black panties. “God, you’re sexy, beautiful, smart beyond belief, and I’m going to fuck you tonight.”
“Not if you keep stalling,” Dylan laughs huskily as she sits up to draw her panties down her long legs. As she leans back, her legs spread, treating me to a sight that has me licking my lips and stroking my cock.
I don’t wait any longer and I jump into action. I slide off the bed to my knees, pull her ass to the edge of it, her knees hooked over my shoulders. I trace my fingers along her slit while watching her chest rise and fall. 
“Dylan, I’m so damn sorry I didn’t show you when you asked.”
“Zeke, it’s alright, I promise,” she says between breaths, and I slide a finger into her.
“I want you to know though that I didn’t show you just to get sex,” I explain as I watch two fingers disappear in her warmth.
“I don’t. Now would you please,” she leans up and grabs my head before falling back, bringing my face to her pussy, “lick my pussy!”
“As you wish,” I say with relish before I go straight for her clit as I continue the thrusting of my fingers in and out of her. My other hand is curled around my cock, stroking it in time to my other hand’s thrusts and my tongue flicking over her clit. I feel the ripples along her walls start, telling me she’s close, so I pull my fingers from her wetness. When I pull back, I catch her eyes, dazed and passion filled, watching me. I bring my fingers up and suck them into my mouth, tasting her. She throws her head back in a moan, and her legs contract pulling me closer again.
My tongue traces along her slit, teasing at her entrance before continuing up to her clit and back down. I repeat this over and over until I have her squirming, and that’s when I lean back down and start tongue fucking her. She’s moving even more, and I can tell she’s close again, so I bring my hand up, and I flick her clit before pinching it between my thumb and forefinger.
“Oh God, I’m gonna come Zeke!” 
I feel her pussy clamp around my tongue and her wetness washes all over me. I lap at her the best I can before pulling up and over her to kiss her, her taste being shared between us. I drag her up the bed forcefully and lean back on her thighs that I’m straddling. Cock in hand, I thump it against her clit, setting her off to start arching upwards. 
“Zeke, please!”
“You sure?”
“Yes, I’m sure! Now fuck me!”
“I love it when you talk dirty to me Dyl,” I laugh as I move between her legs, and right as I get positioned, I stop, “Let’s try something different.”
“What?” she says dazedly.
I smack her on the hip, “On your knees,” and as she moves to do so, I grab her hands, “Hold the headboard.”
As Dylan nibbles her lips, I lean forward and kiss them before leaning back and dragging my hand down her body. As her back arches, I lean around and grab her breasts. “I haven’t spent much time with them,” I murmur against her back.
“There’s time for that later. Another part of me misses you more,” she gasps as my cock thrusts against her from behind.
I laugh, but take my cock in hand and position myself, “I’m serious Dylan. I’m sorry.”
“Zeke, it’s fine! Just fuck me please!” she says as she pushes back against me, taking the tip of my cock in her body. We both sigh, and I grab her hips and plunge deep to the hilt. We still, taking in the moment, and when I feel Dylan start moving on me, I match her thrusts, our bodies slapping together. As my thrusts increase, I reach up her back to grab a fistful of hair, pulling her head back, forcing her to arch her back even more and take me deeper.
“Oh, yeah,” I groan. “God, you’re hot Dylan.”
“Keep doing that Zeke,” she pleads as I feel her walls squeeze me as I pull out each time.
“As long as you want.”
Her left hand leaves the headboard and reaches back, grabbing me by the hip and squeezing. The site of her pale hand on the mermaid throws me into a frenzy and I lay her flat on the bed, holding her hips down as I pound hard enough that the bed is creaking, but neither of us cares we’re so far gone. Dylan’s orgasm overtakes her, and she digs her face into a pillow, which doesn’t do much to muffle her screams, and I’m right behind her, thrusting deep into her.
“Dylan!” I call out in pleasure before dropping on top of her. 
A couple of minutes later, Dylan says, “Zeke? I need you to get off me.”
“What? Oh!” I roll to the side, my cock sliding out of her, and I feel like I’m missing something immediately. I pull her to me and just hold her as her hands come up to play along my chest with her head on my shoulder.
We’re quiet for a while before Dylan speaks. “You alright?”
I grunt, “Yeah.”
“I’m glad you showed me.”
I squeeze her tight, “So am I. I didn’t want to scare you, and I was worried about how you would react.”
“When did you get it?”
“After Halloween,” I say after a slight hesitation.
Dylan leans up over me, pushing me to my back as she rests her head and hands on my chest. I pull a pillow behind my head so I can see her better. As she watches me, thinking, I trace her face and arms with my hands.
“When exactly?”
“Does that matter?”
“I think it does,” she says softly.
“A couple hours after I walked out the door.”
“You went and got a tattoo of me on your hip a couple hours after meeting me?”
I shrug. “I told you I didn’t want to scare you.”
I watch as she thinks for a minute, “You’re right. Had you shown that a week or so ago I probably would have gotten scared.”
“I feel there’s a but there.”
She nods, “But…you could have just asked me out and had the real me.”
“I could have, but I was scared. I was still badly scarred, and I didn’t want to disgust you with that. When I saw you, I immediately knew what my next tattoo was going to be.”
“Not Poison Ivy?”
“That was a thought, but the mermaid won out. You just moved so fluidly, like you were water. Still do.”
“Hmm…,” she says as she closes her eyes. Then they pop open. “How about we go on a date?”
“A date?”
“Yes. A date,” she laughs. “We can go out to dinner. Just you and I.”
“What about Mason?” I ask cautiously.
“We can travel to Dallas and spend the day together this weekend.”
“About that…,” I begin, because this is one of the few things I still have to tell people. When her eyes narrow on me, I quickly continue, “I rented a house outside of town.”
“You rented a house.”
“Yes.”
“When?”
“About a month or so ago?”
She sits up, distracting me when her breasts start to sway. “You’ve been here, what, less than five minutes away, for over a month, and you didn’t tell anyone?!”
“Yes,” I admit hesitantly.
“Not even your sisters?”
“They have no clue.”
She blows out a breath and mumbles before standing up naked and picking my clothes up. When she thrusts them at me, I look at her in confusion. She answers my unspoken question, “You are going to go tell your sisters right now where you live.” When I go to protest, she holds a finger up, “No! You are not to come back here or see me until you tell them.”
“You’re saying I can’t see you until I tell them?”
“Yes,” she nods, and when I reach for my phone, she stops me, “in person. This is not something you do over a text Zeke!” she stomps her foot, and damn but her body is a distraction. When I take a step toward her, her hand comes up. “I’m not joking Zeke. Go tell them now.”
Knowing when I’ve lost, I get dressed, watching as Dylan pulls her shirt on, leaving her panties off. “If I’m done tonight, can I come back?”
“You better,” she says as she walks with me to the door. Then she opens a drawer. “Here’s a key. In case I’m asleep.”
I look at it for a second before raising my eyes to meet her green ones, “Dylan?”
“Quit stalling Zeke. Go!”
“No. I need to say this before I go.”
Exasperated, she huffs out, “What?”
“I love you,” I kiss her deeply before calling Sasha and Daisy to head over to Izzy’s first. In my truck, I get a look at Dylan still standing in the doorway, watching me dazed. I wait until she shuts the door before I make the known five-minute drive to Izzy’s.
This better be quick.





Chapter 11

Dylan



“You mentioned you would be willing to show me some things that could help Jake?” Becca asks as she sits holding Jake’s hand.
“That’s correct. I don’t like seeing him hurting any more then you do, so if this is something you’re willing to do, I can show you some small things that could help him,” I offer with a smile. “I’d also show him techniques to help your back.”
“Jake?” she looks at him, asking a silent question, love and affection in her face. Her hand is resting on his arm, Dez settled between them. I can’t hold my sigh in because I want that.
Things have been going really good with Zeke. We’ve been on several dates, both just us, with Mason, and with the larger group of our friends. He spends the night often, but he’s always gone before Mason wakes up. 
And Mason loves him. Zeke often takes Mason with him to look at dogs or to have him run dogs at a shelter. He’s really great for Mason.
And he tells me he loves me, but I have yet to say it back.
Jake and Becca turn to look at me in question, “You alright Dyl?” Jake asks.
“Oh! I’m fine. Just thinking is all…”
“Are we taking up too much of your time?” Becca asks in concern.
“No! Of course not!”
Jake and Becca look at each other and say one word, “Zeke.”
“Yeah,” I say sheepishly.
“He likes you Dylan!” 
“Yeah, he does, doesn’t he?” I answer with a smile. “But back to you guys. I can set something up for you here or go to your place. Of course, you two would be the ones we would be practicing on obviously.”
“I would think being here would be easier on everyone,” Becca says. “And you just tell us a time. Obviously, I can’t do it in the morning. And I nap until early afternoon. So late afternoon/evening will be best.”
I look at my book, “How about tomorrow at 4:30? We only need an hour I would think.”
“Great,” Becca jumps up to hug me. “How much is this going to cost?”
“Please,” I wave my hand. “You guys know better than that. Get out of here with that! I’m doing this part to help friends. Jake will still have to come here for the deep massage, so I’ll make money that way.”
“You sure?”
“Yes.”
“Dylan?”
I turn to Jake, who hasn’t said a single word except for Zeke’s name. “What’s up?”
“About Zeke…,” he begins. “He’s a good guy. We all like him.”
“So do I,” I respond.
He grabs my hand, “Coming from experience?”
“OK?” I ask in confusion.
“Don’t hold back your feelings. Be upfront about what you want.” He stands, pulling Becca up with him before he wraps an arm around her shoulder, “It’ll save a lot of heartache.”
I swallow a cry before nodding my head. “Alright.”
He studies me for a moment, before adding, “Make sure you know how you feel first though.”
“And if he’s doing something you don’t like, tell him,” Becca says with a smile. “But give him space.”
“Alright,” I say and walk with them to the door where I lock it as they leave. Jake and Becca have given me a lot to think about. Should I talk to Zeke? See what we’re doing? Tell Mason we’re something? 
I’m heading to my desk in the back when I hear a text notification on my phone. It’s probably just Becca setting a reminder. She’s pretty efficient and likes to have things lined out and ready to go. She rules the kitchen at Deja Brew with an iron fist according to Logan, but Logan says she’s learned a lot more from Becca than from culinary school, and she loves the energy Becca lets off. I get that.
I walk over to my phone opening my appointment book to put her down when I look at the phone and see that it’s a text from Zeke.
Zeke: Want to stay in tonight?
I sigh because I’m pretty tired. He always knows how I feel and what I need. It’s nice but weird as well. I’m not used to anyone doing anything for me, and it’s hard for me to let go.
Me: Sure
Me: I can order pizza?
Zeke: I got it taken care of
I smile before texting back: Oh, you do, do you?
Zeke: Yes
Zeke: Want me to pick you up?
I would dearly love that, but I need my car tomorrow and he knows I’m going to say no, because, well, Mason.
Me: No…you know I have to take Mason to school in the morning.
Zeke: I have that taken care of too
Me: What does that mean?
Zeke: I asked Mary if he would watch Mason overnight.
I look at the phone in shock, anger washing through me all of a sudden because he had no right. My hands are shaking when the phone rings, Zeke’s number flashing at me.
I answer the phone, “Who the hell do you think you are?”
“Dylan. You’re tired. You’ve been working harder lately. And I’m taking up a lot of time too. Mary approached me about Quinn and Madison.”
“He approached you about his kids?”
“Yeah.”
“Uh, why not Sage or Becca, his parents?”
“They’re doing an overnight thing, adults only,” I hear him move around a bit.
“So, he didn’t just come ask me?”
“I don’t know why he came to me Dylan,” he sighs. “When he asked though, I asked if he would watch Mason tonight and get him to school with Quinn in the morning. But I said I would have to clear it with you first to make sure.”
“But you didn’t.”
“Didn’t what?”
“Clear it with me,” I grind out.
“Yes, I did,” I hear the confusion in his voice, but no. I can’t let this slide.
“No, you told me he was staying there. There’s a world of difference in those statements.”
“Oh. Damn it. Texting is horrible sometimes for tone and everything. Dylan, what say Mason stays the night at Mary’s with his best friend and go to school with him in the morning?”
I sigh, because really, I’m sure it’s already been situated. “Why would you do this?”
“You’re tired,” he repeats.
I hear a knocking at the back door, “Hold on, there’s someone at the door.”
“Be careful. There’s all kinds of crazies out there.”
“Yeah,” I say as I swing open the door. “Definitely a crazy at my door right now,” as I smile at Zeke standing in front of me holding lilies, Daisy and Sasha on either side of him. I hang up the phone and jump in his arms for a kiss. Zeke barely has time to open his arms, keeping me from crushing the lilies. I bring my legs up and around him, and his free hand comes down to my ass to boost me against him. 
“What are you doing here?” I ask during a lull in our kissing in the open doorway. Actually, I’ve been pushed against the door and Zeke was thrusting against me. 
Zeke smiles, his hand coming up and brushing hair out of my face. “I missed you.”
I huff, “We’re going to be seeing each other in like an hour probably.”
“But this way I get to see you sooner,” he says as he kisses me again.
“Wait!” I push back on his chest.
“Everything alright Dylan?” Zeke’s eyes are watching me in concern.
“Yes, I’m fine. But come with me,” I drop my legs from his waist, grab his free hand, and tug him to the massage room I don’t use. As we pass through the front room, Zeke murmurs something to Daisy and Sasha and they go lay down. We reach the room, one that’s actually set up for a second person to do massages if I ever find one.
I walk up to the massage bed, leaning my butt against it as my hands trail along the bed on either side of me. “I’ve had this fantasy you see,” I begin with a smile at Zeke, who, at my words, breaks out in the biggest smile I’ve yet to see. 
“Really?” he says walking toward me, unbuttoning his shirt and letting it drop to the floor. 
“Yeah,” I say as I lick my lips. Really the guy is stacked. “I also have a towel warmer.”
“Hmmm,” he hums as he stops to take his shoes and socks off.
“And I can turn the temp up in here so it’s like a sauna…”
“Sweat out all the toxins?”
“Yeah,” I whisper as his pants drop to the floor.
“Do it,” he says with a nod as he leaves to make sure Daisy and Sasha are alright as well as to lock everything up.
I run to the thermostat and raise it quickly. Before I can turn around though, my hips are grabbed and pulled back while a hand is pressed against my shoulders forcing me to touch the ground. 
“You have the best ass Dylan,” Zeke murmurs huskily as he strokes down, pulling my scrubs down to my thighs. His fingers toy around the edges of my panties before a hand on either side literally rips them from my body.
“Hey!” I rear up and turn around to look at him, “What the hell Zeke?”
He’s smirking at me, and that’s when I notice he’s completely naked. And hard. Distracted, I reach forward and take his cock in hand. I’ve read a book or two, and they described a hard cock as feeling like velvet steel. Touching and stroking Zeke, I can firmly agree that that’s exactly what it feels like.
Zeke’s hands come to my hips holding me in place as he lifts and pushes me against a wall. He immediately thrusts into me. Sweat is starting to form on both of us, making my shirt stick to me. Right as I’m about to push him back and take my shirt off, Zeke grabs my face and kisses me quickly before pulling back.
“Get your ass naked and on the bed,” he says with a nod. 
I smile, “Counteroffer,” I say as I step back and first lose my scrubs top followed quickly by my sports bra. I hadn’t realized it, but my pants had pooled around my ankles. I leave them there for now as I drop to my knees and, holding Zeke’s hips, take his cock in my mouth.
His hands are now tangled in my hair, thrusting slowly into my mouth, “What’s that?” he murmurs.
I slide my tongue around the head of his cock, slipping slightly along the slit at the tip before I look up. “You lay down on the bed,” I lean down to suck on the head in front of me again before letting it go with loud POP noise, “and I ride you,” before I go back to sucking his cock, my hand stroking him.
At Zeke’s groan, I look up, not stopping my actions, to see his head thrown back. His hands are still tangled in my hair, and he’s thrusting into my mouth. Then his eyes come back to look down at me. 
“You’re gorgeous Dylan.”
I smile around his cock, but don’t stop.
“I want to be around you all the time.”
Still bobbing.
“Dylan, stop for a sec,” he pulls away from me and tugs me to my feet, causing me to almost stumble, because my pants are still around my ankles.
“What’s wrong Zeke?” I ask softly.
“I just…I love you,” he says sharply. “I want to wake up next to you in the morning.”
“We do that,” I begin only to be cut off.
“No, we don’t,” he says. “We go to bed after Mason’s asleep and I leave before he wakes up,” he runs his hands through his hair. “I want more. I want to tell Mason something.”
I hesitate for a second, but then I remember what Becca and Jake had told me barely an hour ago, “Zeke…I’m scared.”
“I know you are,” he begins, squeezing my hands. “So am I. But I can’t keep going this way,” he raises a hand to stroke my face gently.
I think for a second before taking a deep breath, “Alright.”
“Alright?”
“Yes, alright. You can spend the night. Wake up with me and Mason,” I begin but I have to have boundaries, “But you are not moving in. You can leave stuff over like bathroom items, but you are still to have your own place.” This is important to me. It’ll make it easier if he has a place to go for when this ends.
“You serious?” He studies me.
“Yes. Scared shitless, but serious,” I lean up and kiss him. “I’m scared.”
“I know you are. We’ll make this work.”
“I hope so,” I whisper as I breathe in deeply of his scent. “Now get your ass on the table!”
“Yes ma’am,” he salutes me before he walks to the table, laying on it and turning to watch as I saunter slowly toward him, leaving a trail of shoes and socks along with my scrubs bottoms behind me.
When I’m at his side, my hands come up and slowly smooth and rub along his chest and shoulders. “I’ve always wanted to massage you,” I murmur quietly, my eyes watching his muscles ripple beneath my hands.
“All you had to do was ask,” he whispers, his hand coming up to cup my face. “I would do anything for you.”
I shrug my shoulders, “There’s a line I didn’t want to cross,” I respond as my hands trail down to his thighs.
“Any line you want to cross, cross it,” he says fiercely before he sits up and grabs me, picking me up and across his body.
Straddling him, I maneuver until I’m in a more comfortable position, his cock between my legs as I lean over him. My hands are above his shoulders, his hands are on my hips, and my breasts swaying above his chest. The only warning I get is his fingers grasping tightly on my hips when his head comes up and his mouth covers one of my breasts, nipping and nibbling, sucking. At the same time, his hips draw back, and when they come back, he’s sliding his thick length deep inside me, seating me on him.
I honestly couldn’t tell you if the groaning was from one or both of us. All I can say for sure is that this feeling of fullness I’m currently experiencing is so great that I lean up arching my back as my hands fall to his chest as a brace. 
“Zeke,” I murmur before I start swaying and bouncing on him, his hips thrusting in time with mine. The leather of the massage table beneath us is barely muffling our noise. By now, the heat of the room is causing sweat to now cover both our bodies. My long hair is sticking in chunks to me, Zeke’s is plastered to his head as he speeds up his thrusting under me as I reach a hand down. “So close,” I whisper as my fingers find my clit and I start rubbing and playing with myself.
Leaning back, a hand braced behind me, I start bouncing more forcefully on Zeke, meeting his equally hard thrusts, my hand still playing with my clit when one of Zeke’s hands reach up and grabs a breast. Holding tight to it, he uses it to help move me even faster and that’s what does it.
Seeing stars, my body tightens in an orgasm so hard I can’t move. Zeke’s still pumping beneath me, unrelenting through my orgasm that’s not showing any sign of ever ending, until he explodes in me so hard that he roars my name. Toward the end, as his thrusting slows, my body drops to his in exhaustion. After a couple of minutes, I feel his cock slide from my body, along with other things that I would really rather not think about. 
Instead, we lie there, his arms wrapped around me, mine under his shoulders cradling his head as my face is in his neck. Both of us breathing hard not saying a word. 
“Too bad we can’t stay here,” I begin quietly.
“I wouldn’t want to,” he answers me back.
My head jerks up to find him watching me. “What?”
“I want more then this from you Dylan,” when I go to say something, he stops me. “I know you’re not ready yet Dylan. Don’t worry about that. Whatever you can give me I’ll be happy with. For now.”
As I watch him, I wonder what’s holding me back, but all I say is, “How about we go home and get something to eat?”
“Now that’s a plan I can go with,” he says smiling. When I don’t move, he raises his eyebrow, “You have to move first.”
“I don’t want to,” I pout.
“I don’t either but it’s getting hot in here and my balls are sticking to my legs,” he laughs.
“Way to be romantic,” I say rolling my eyes.
“We did romance,” he looks around. “Now it’s time to do real life. Maybe we can do kinky in your room?” he looks at me in hope.
“Kinky?”
“Yeah, kinky.”
“What are you thinking?”
“Well, I noticed the BOB in your closet.”
I feel the blush rise, “yeah, I have one. It used to be in my nightstand.”
“I know,” he winks at me. “You moved it shortly after I was around every night. What say we bring that out to play,” he suggests as I lean up, giving him access to my breasts.
“Um, sure?” I hesitate as he fondles me.
“You don’t sound exactly excited,” he says as a hand trails down to my pussy, which is spread open to him by our recent fuck and my straddling him. As he slides a finger in me, I throw a head back, moaning in pleasure as I start to ride his finger. “We don’t have to do it if you don’t want too,” he murmurs against my breasts.
“It’s not that,” I say breathlessly, my hand in his hair. “I’ve just never…done that in front of anyone before.”
“And you don’t have to,” he says with a bite on my breast, setting me to rocking more, his finger now joined by a second one.
“I think I want to,” I say as, all of a sudden, I’m filled with his hard cock again.
“Damn Dylan. You’re so wet,” he moans, starting to push up as high as he can into me. Then he whips us over, me on my back on the table as he drills into me. His hands grab my legs, throwing them over his shoulder. His hands are planted on either side of my hips. “Play with yourself again,” he demands, his blue eyes glassy with desire.
I bring my hands up, first using them to squeeze then pinch my nipples. He leans down to take one in his mouth biting hard causing me to cry out as he follows that by lathing it with his tongue. My free hand is on my pussy rubbing it hard and fast, and goes even faster when he says, “This is going to be quick.”
“I know,” I get out before the orgasm crashes over me with no warning. Zeke’s movements stagger until he jerks a couple of times above me, and I feel a warmth engulf me as he drops on top of me. My arms wrap around him, “Well, I didn’t expect that.”
“The talk of the BOB got me,” he admits sheepishly.
“Well, we’ll definitely have to use it then,” I say shyly.
“Let’s get home,” he drags himself from my body, stroking me before helping me up. When I go to pick up my pants, he stops me. “Only the top.”
“But it doesn’t cover me,” I begin. “People will be able to see!”
“My truck is in the back. No one will see anything.”
“But,” I begin only to watch him closely before saying, “alright.”
We walk out into the evening air, and the cold immediately hits me, sending me shivering. I notice the dogs are good in the back seat when Zeke boosts me up into the passenger seat, but before I turn around to bring my feet in, he steps between my legs, splaying them wide. His fingers trail along my pussy as he leans in for a kiss.
“I love you Dylan,” he murmurs before moving my legs inside and closing the door. I watch as he walks around and jumps in the driver’s seat. “Let’s go home,” and he rests his hand high on my thigh, his pinky playing with me the entire time.
Best ride home ever.





Chapter 12

Zeke



“Mason! It’s time to go to school!” I call out while cleaning up the kitchen from breakfast.
“Coming!”
“Damn it. I’m running late!”
I turn to find Dylan hopping to get her shoes on. Smiling, I walk up to her and kiss her, my tongue sneaking into her mouth really quick. “This is what got me running late in the first place,” Dylan says as she kisses me back.
“Yeah, but it was a nice way to wake up wasn’t it?” I say with a wriggle of my eyebrows.
Laughing, she slaps me on the chest. “Stop,” then she looks around at the kitchen. “You cleaned.”
“I made the mess,” I nod at the kitchen. 
Her eyes soften, “Mason loves having you here.”
“I love being here,” I move her hair to the side, breathing her in.
“Mom! I can’t find my shoes!”
“Look in the living room Mason,” I call back watching as Dylan eyes me.
“Shoot, I still have to get him to school,” she mumbles pulling out her phone.
“What are you doing?”
“Letting my client know I’ll be late,” she looks at me with a duh look spoken at me.
I pluck the phone from her hand. “Idea.”
“What? Mason it’s time to go!”
“I’ll drop Mason off while you go to work.”
“Zeke…,” I can tell she’s about to protest.
“Breathe Dylan. Everything’s alright,” I say grabbing her hands. “I’m here to help you. I can drop Mason off then go about doing the stuff I need to do.”
At that she looks softly down at Sasha and Daisy, petting Sasha. Her and Sasha have formed a bond, one I hate to break. I’m still looking for a friend to train with her but have yet to come up with another dog. This frustration has me on edge.
“Alright,” she gives in.
“Alright?”
“Yes,” she nods her head. “Mason! Zeke’s taking you to school today!”
“Really? Awesome!” he calls from the living room.
“How about you come and say bye to me?” she says dryly. Mason comes in and hugs her real quick before dropping down to play with Daisy. Dylan turns and kisses me really quick, “I’ll talk to you later.”
“OK,” I respond as I lean close to her ear and whisper, “I love you,” before leaning back, “have a good day.” She smiles and walks out. Shortly after I hear her car start. At that, I turn to Mason. “Alright Buddy, let’s get you to school.”
It’s only a couple minutes and Mason, the dogs, and I are on the road. It’s not the first time Mason and I have been by ourselves, but it’s the first time I’ve driven him to school. 
“Zeke?”
I shoot a look to him before responding, “What’s up?”
“Are you and my mom dating?”
I take a second to think about it, “Yes.”
“Do you guys love each other?”
I hesitate to answer this because Dylan hasn’t told me anything of the sort, so I go with what I know. “I love your mom.”
I see Mason’s head nodding out of the corner of my eye, before he asks, “Are you going to move in?”
Up to this point, I’ve stayed over a couple of nights each week, but not every night. I wake up early in the morning to take the dogs out, but then crawl back into bed with Dylan. Mason knows I sleep over and hasn’t said anything until now.
I shrug my shoulders, “I don’t know. Would it bother you if I did?”
“Not really. I like you. I love having Daisy and Sasha around,” he says as he reaches back to pet Daisy behind the ear.
We pull up to the school and I get in line to drop him off. I feel like there’s something else Mason wants to say but all I can do is wait. Luckily, I don’t have too long to wait.
“I have a basketball game tomorrow.”
I nod my head, “I’m aware.”
“I’m really good,” he continues, focusing on Daisy and petting her.
“Your mom told me that.”
He drops his hand from Daisy’s head and looks at me. As he goes to open the door to get out, he grabs his bag and jumps out. All of a sudden he turns to me, “Will you go,” he asks with the same habit of nibbling his lip that his mother has, “to my game?”
I smile at him, “Sure.”
The smile I see returned takes hold somewhere deep inside, and that’s when I realize. I would do anything for this kid to make sure he’s happy.
“Awesome! Bye Zeke!” and he practically slams the door as he turns and runs straight to his friends. Through the window I hear him yell, “Guess what guys!”
I laugh to myself as I head out to my rental. I have to pick up some stuff and then I’m due to meet Aubrey. She wants to take me somewhere with dogs but was super secretive about it. At my house, I let Daisy and Sasha loose in the dog run out back while I do some things. I’m done quickly and call Aubrey to see if she’s up to meeting early.
“Hello?” a man answers.
“Yeah, I’m looking for Aubrey?” I ask politely.
“What do you want with her?”
“Er, I’m supposed to be meeting her,” I say. As soon as I say it, I hear the guy yelling, “You’re meeting someone behind my back?”
“No! Why are you answering my phone!?”
“You’re cheating on me! I knew it!” This is followed by what sounds like a scuffle and I hear a small cry of pain.
“Aubrey!” I yell into the phone, but it gets disconnected. I try to call back, but I’m sent directly to voicemail. With shaking hands, I dial Roni.
“Morning Zeke,” she mumbles into the phone.
“Roni, where’s Aubrey live?”
“Fort Worth. Why?”
“I think she’s in trouble! I was supposed to meet her, but I’m ready now so wanted to see if we could do it earlier and some guy answered. He started yelling at her…”
“Oh shit,” I can tell Roni’s wide awake. “Come get me!”
“You above Deja Brew?” I scramble to get the dogs in my truck and start it.
“Yeah. Ethan’s here too,” she mumbles angrily. “You on your way?”
“Five minutes away,” I say grimly.
“We’ll be waiting downstairs,” and she disconnects the call.
The drive seems to take forever, when I know it’s actually only taken three minutes because of my speeding. When I pull up, Ethan’s waiting next to Roni, and I’m surprised when he jumps in the front while Roni climbs in the back with the dogs. The dogs are making little whining noises and the hair on the back of their necks is on end. Roni whispers to them and pets them for me, getting them to relax a little and calm down enough to lay down.
“Where to?” I ask. Roni rattles off the address and I put it in the GPS quickly and we’re off.
“I’ve already called Ollie. He says there’s nothing he can do. Right now, there’s just a suspicion of fighting and not even that much,” Roni says grimly.
“Has he done this before?” Ethan asks her.
Roni shrugs, “I don’t know. He’s very possessive of Aubrey from what Marley says.”
“Aren’t they best friends and roommates? Shouldn’t she be there?”
“Yeah, but Aubrey’s probably at Kyle’s place.”
“Are you sending me there or her place,” I ask, my knuckles white from my grip on the steering wheel.
“His,” she mumbles.
“And you got his address how?”
“I called Garrett and Barrett and offered a deal.”
“A deal,” I say slowly, looking at Roni in the rearview mirror.
“Yes. If they got me Kyle’s address in 2 minutes, I’d give them all the information on Max that I can.”
Ethan turns to look at her, “Max?”
“Don’t worry about it.”
“Shit, I gotta call and let Dylan know,” I say aloud. “Here,” I hand my phone to Ethan, “call her and let her know what’s happening.”
Ethan looks at the phone before opening it up and calling. Dylan answers pretty quickly, “Did Mason make it to school alright?” I hear the concern in her voice.
“Dylan, it’s Ethan, you’re on speakerphone,” Ethan begins only to be cut off.
“Ethan? Is Zeke alright?” I hear the panic in her voice.
“I’m fine Gorgeous,” calming slightly when I hear her voice, “just driving to Fort Worth,” I begin but she interrupts.
“What’s in Fort Worth?”
Ethan says, “Dyl, give me a chance to explain so Zeke can focus alright?”
“OK,” she responds, and Ethan gives her the real quick rundown.
“Alright, be careful. Bring Aubrey here if need be. Do not take no for answer actually and just bring her here. Marley too.”
“Will do Mom,” Ethan says in a joking manner although he’s a contrast of pain and worry as he hangs up.
The next thirty minutes pass in a blur of quiet and the scenery. Roni’s in the back texting while Ethan and I stare grimly out the windshield. When we pull up to Kyle’s place, a condominium building, we all take a deep breath. 
I nod my head, “Let’s go get her.”
“Marley’s packing up a bunch of clothes for herself and Aubrey. She’s going to be leaving in five minutes to head down to Granbury,” Roni offers.
“Good,” Ethan says grimly.
We walk into the building, noting that the concierge is missing. The elevators take us up to the 10th floor at a snail’s place. When we get off, we turn and soon enough we’re in front of Kyle’s door. Ethan doesn’t hesitate and knocks.
No answer.
He knocks again while calling out, “We’ve come to see Aubrey!”
Still no answer. Roni steps up, “If you don’t open the door, we’re going to call the police!”
The door swings open, revealing Aubrey. She looks disheveled, and that’s a nice way of putting it. She has her right side turned to us. Ethan looks at her, then raises his hand. When she flinches, he frowns, but continues to reach his hand out, pushing her hair out of the way. 
“That son of a bitch,” Ethan growls. “Where is he?”
“He went to work. But he didn’t mean it! He was mad and I didn’t tell him that I had plans. It’s my fault,” she finishes lamely.
“It is not your fault,” Roni exclaims. “No one should ever hurt another!” She grabs Aubrey in a hug, bumping Ethan out of the way. When she leans back, she says, “You’re coming with us.” Aubrey opens her mouth to fight this, but Roni doesn’t let her. “No. You’re coming with us. There are so many things wrong with this. I know Aubrey. I’ve been there.”
I still at that, but I know she’s talking about her experiences from college with Professor Harding. I don’t know exactly what went down, but I know after that she turned to Goth. But she was happier with her skin then I had ever seen her before.
“I love him,” Aubrey whispers quietly.
“I know you do,” Roni says, swiping Aubrey’s hair to the side, “but this isn’t right. This isn’t love he’s showing you.”
I look at Ethan, whose standing back a ways, hands fisted at his sides. When he looks at me, he shakes his head. Powerful attorney that he is, he can only do so much. Roni looks at him and shakes her head before turning back to Aubrey, “Do you want to call the police?” she asks softly.
“No,” Aubrey sobs.
“Alright, but we do need to get you to a doctor. There looks to be a lot of damage,” Roni says looking at the bruising and swelling.
“Alright.”
“And you’re coming to Granbury with us,” and when Aubrey goes to object, Roni continues, “Marley is already on the way.”
“Where will we stay though? You and Logan are above the bakery,” she says sadly.
Ethan steps up, “You two can stay with me. I have plenty of space.”
“You have a house?” Roni asks, and at his nod she asks, “Why haven’t you invited anyone over?”
“It’s easier the way you guys are doing it,” he shrugs.
Roni glares at him. “In two weeks, you will have a get together at your house inviting everyone over. We’ll order pizza, and kids will come too. Understand?” At her words, Aubrey giggles, and that leads to Ethan relaxing a little and smiling at Aubrey. “Go get your bags or whatever, and we’re taking you home,” Roni says authoritatively.
“Fine,” Aubrey says as she disappears to get her stuff. Roni heads to the kitchen to prepare an icepack for Aubrey’s eye. When Aubrey reappears with just a wallet, Roni hooks her arm through hers, hands her the icepack, and they walk to the elevator.
“Uh, Aubrey?” I ask.
The two women pause and turn to look at me in question, “Where’s your phone?”
Aubrey stiffens slightly, “Kyle took it,” she says quietly.
“That bastard,” Ethan mumbles then looks at me, “let’s get her out of here before he returns.”
“Agreed,” I nod, and we head down. In the truck we’re all quiet while driving home. 
“So, Ethan, what were you doing at Roni’s?” I ask to break the silence.
“Actually, he was there last night with Logan. Damn brothers and sisters. Annoying,” Roni smiles at me. “She was trying to get him to do something and he refused. Then we all proceeded to take shots.” Roni looks at Ethan, “Come to think of it, Logan didn’t really drink that much did she?”
Ethan shakes his head. “No. She was definitely up to something.”
Roni gasps, “You don’t think she’s trying to get,” and she swings a hand from herself to Ethan.
“No!” Ethan says with wide eyes. “She knows I’m interested in someone else.”
Aubrey is quiet, watching the scenery, but at that statement, she joins the conversation, “Who?”
“What?”
“Who are you interested in?” she asks softly.
Ethan looks at her intensely through his glasses, “someone who doesn’t know I exist I think.”
Aubrey shrugs her shoulders, “you don’t know unless you say something.” Then she looks at his shoulders, not meeting his eyes, “You’re kind of hard to miss.”
I look at Roni in my rearview mirror, and her eyes meet mine. I can see the smile on her face. But Ethan’s getting uncomfortable because he shrugs his shoulders and faces forward again. “We’re almost home,” I throw out needlessly.
“Gee Big Bro, is that why the sign just said Welcome to Granbury?” Roni says dryly.
“Stop being a smartass Little Sis,” I retort.
“Aww, you love it,” she says as she leans forward and pinches my cheek. I swipe her hand away, and we hear it. Aubrey’s giggling. Everyone relaxes more at that noise.
I clear my throat. “Aubrey, we can wait to head to the place you had mentioned until you’re up to it.”
I feel her looking at me. “We can go tomorrow if that’s alright?”
I shrug my shoulders. “Sure,” I say. “Ethan, where’s your place?” He directs me through town until we’re at a well-kept two-story colonial down the street from Jake.
“Are you telling me that you’ve lived here this entire time? Four houses down from Jake?” Roni asks.
“Yeah,” he says grabbing the back of his neck.
She looks at me, “Does Dylan know?”
I shrug my shoulders, “She hasn’t said anything to me. I can bet she’s going to be pretty pissed about it though.”
“So will Logan,” she says. “That’s it. We’re coming here tonight. Be ready with food,” she points her phone at Ethan.
“Uh, maybe we should make sure Aubrey’s alright with that first?”
Roni turns to Aubrey. “It’ll just be the team, I promise. You can’t hide that with the competition this weekend,” then she brightens, “It makes you look a lot more dangerous!”
Aubrey laughs at this, “Team only?”
“Yes, I promise,” Roni repeats.
“That’s fine, as long as no one else comes.”
“Good. Go take a nap. I texted Marley directions. She should be here any second,” and all our heads shoot up at the sound of a deep throttled engine approaching. “There she is now.”
Aubrey shakes her head and gets out to wait on the sidewalk for Marley as we all get out. By the time we’re out, Marley’s pulled up, jumped out, and tugged Aubrey into her arms. “That asshole. You told me the last time was the last time!” She’s dressed for work. A pair of coveralls with the top half tied around her waist for the sleeves, leaving her in a revealing, thin white tank top. I look at Ethan to find him staring at Marley in a completely different way than is normal.
“I know.”
“You done with his sorry ass?”
“Marley, it’s not that easy.”
I can tell Marley’s frustrated, but relents, “I’m worried about you.” She pulls back, keeping hold of Aubrey’s hand.
“I know.”
“Alright, well. I assume we’re staying above Deja Brew?”
Ethan clears his throat, “Actually you’re staying with me,” he waves a hand to his house behind him. “There’s enough room so that you can each have your own room.”
“You have enough beds?” Marley asks doubtfully.
“Well, no, but I have blow up beds. They can work for now.”
“We’ll pay you rent until we leave.”
Ethan eyes her suped up Camaro, “I have a better idea.”
I watch Marley tense. What’s Ethan thinking? “You can’t have my car,” she grinds out.
“I don’t want your car. You’re a mechanic, right?”
“Yes,” she says slowly.
“Maybe you could do some engine work on my mustang during your down time while you’re here.”
“I could do that,” she says slowly. “Do you have all the parts?”
“I do. Everything’s in the garage.”
“Good, deal,” and she raises her hand to shake on it. “Let’s go inside and get ourselves situated.”
They leave Roni and me on the sidewalk. We turn to each other, and I ask, “You want to go get lunch?”
“Will Dylan be there?”
“Not today.”
“Good, I don’t think I can handle y’all’s disgusting love slash eye fucking again,” she says as she gets into the front seat of my truck.
“We don’t do that,” I protest.
“Oh, but you do. Ask anyone,” she turns to pet the dogs. “Can we take the dogs for a walk first when we get into town?”
“Sure, they need to get out anyways. I can do a small session with them.”
“Awesome!”




Chapter 13

Dylan



“Oh my God Dylan! Are you alright?!” Logan drops down next to me, her face white and filled with concern.
I roar at her, “Of course I’m not alright! Look at my foot! It’s not supposed to go that way!” I’m crying and mad, and I want to get back out on the rink and take the bitch down that did this.
We’re in the semi-finals of a competition, leading on a huge scale with no chance of the other team catching up, when some, some bitch gets by everyone on my team and literally kicked out at my ankle. And that was it. I dropped to the ground in pain. 
All of a sudden, I’m picked up, held in tight arms, and I dig my face into Zeke’s shoulder, his scent washing over me. “I got you Dylan,” he whispers in my ear before placing a kiss on my forehead.
“Mason?” 
“He’s going home with Roni,” Logan offers.
“He alright?”
“Worried about you, but I told him I’ll take care of you,” Zeke looks at me grimly.
“Sasha and Daisy?”
“Figures your worried about them,” I hear him laugh, which makes me want to grit my teeth. “They’re going home with Izzy.”
“It hurts Zeke,” I whisper, my voice sounding small to my own ears.
“I know it does,” he pulls me closer and my stomach rolls in protest.
“Stop!” I scream in panic, my fingers digging into his shoulders.
Zeke stops suddenly, and I feel him tense, but all I can do is turn my head and vomit. “I’m sorry Zeke,” I say numbly.
“They’re just shoes Dylan,” he shrugs. “We have to get you to the hospital though.”
“Alright,” I say as I black out from the pain.



“Where am I?” I say groggily as I open my eyes to a bright light. 
“You’re in the hospital dear,” I hear my mom say next to me. “You had a horrible accident at your silly game!”
“Mom. Leave her alone,” I hear Ethan sigh in exasperation. As I become accustomed to the light, I look around the room, finding my mom along with Ethan, Logan, and my dad.
“Where’s Zeke?”
“Zeke? He’s not family dear,” my mom waves off my question.
I pull myself to a sitting position, pain crashing through me so much that I start to see black dots. “I want Zeke,” I say quietly.
“Dear, he’s in the waiting room. Logan be a dear and let him know -,” my mom begins.
“I want Zeke!” I yell. “Zeke!”
“Call the nurse!” my mom tells my dad, who stays where he is, watching me before he says, “I think I should call this Zeke guy in.”
“She needs a nurse! She’s hysterical!” my mom says.
“No Mom,” Logan stands up. “She wants Zeke. He’s been sitting in the waiting room for hours for a single word that no one has given him. He wants her and she wants him.” She looks at Ethan, “Go get him.”
“But –,” my mom is cut off by my dad, who nods his head, “Hurry up and get him Ethan. I want to meet this guy.” 
I shoot a look at my dad. He’s changed, mellowed over the past couple of years. And now he wants to meet a guy I’m seeing. In confusion I look at Logan who can only shrug her shoulders at me as she moves to sit down in the chair next to me and hold my hand.
“How’s the pain?” Logan speaks quietly.
“Manageable,” I answer through gritted teeth. Really, it’s not, but I don’t want to get pain medicine in me and pass out before I see Zeke. “How’s Mason?”
Logan laughs, which relaxes me. “He’s having a blast with Roni over at Quinn’s. Apparently, they’re teaching her football and she’s kicking butt.”
“Figures,” I say around a laugh which quickly turns into a moan of pain.
“You really should take the medicine,” my dad says as he leans close to brush my hair away.
“I want to see Zeke.”
“Alright Sweetie,” he looks at the door in concern. “He better hurry up though or I’ll call the nurse for the medicine myself,” he mumbles.
I look at Logan in confusion again, but she shrugs her shoulders. Before I can ask anything, I hear the sound of running footsteps, and all of a sudden Zeke’s next to me.
“Dylan? Thank God!” He says as he leans down and kisses me before pulling back. “Note to self, anesthesia is not good for the breath,” and he kisses me again.
I push him back, “Anesthesia?” I ask in confusion, looking at everyone in the room, but the only one looking back is my dad. 
With a sigh, he tells me, “You had to have surgery to repair the ankle. You got two pins in there.”
“How long have I been out?”
“A day give or take an hour,” Ethan offers up.
“A day!?”
“Shh, Dylan. It’s alright,” Zeke pushes my hair out of my face. 
“I gotta get home and take care of Mason,” I say moving to shove my sheets off.
“No, you will not,” my mom interjects. “We’re taking you home with us. We’ll take care of you until you’re back on your feet.”
“Uh,” I worry my lip. I know this because Zeke strokes his thumb over it in a soothing manner. “I’m not going to stay at your house Mom. I have my own house.”
“But you need help. Someone to stay with you,” she asks in concern.
I look at Zeke in silent question, and he squeezes my hand in agreement, “Zeke can help me and take care of Mason.”
“Honey, I’m not sure that’s a good idea,” my mom begins only to be interrupted.
“He stays at her house anyways Mom,” Ethan says in exasperation.
‘What?”
“They’re dating. Look at them,” he waves his hands at us.
My mom finally notices how close Zeke and I are, and how Logan’s backed off. “Oh.”
“Zeke? I’m Dylan’s father. Bradford Reynolds,” my dad introduces himself as he holds a hand out.
Zeke looks at it for a second before shaking it, “Nice to meet you Mr. Reynolds.”
“You’re going to take care of my daughter?”
“Yes sir.”
“Make sure she follow’s doctor’s orders?”
“Yes sir.” He looks at me before turning back to my dad, “If I have to, I’ll tie her to the bed.”
At my gasp of outrage, I hear a sound I’m not familiar with. My dad laughing. Ethan, Logan, and I all turn to look in shock as my dad laughs then says, “That may be needed. She’s a stubborn one.”
“She sure is. But it’s great,” he looks at me with a soft smile which I return. And that turns quickly into a grimace. He leans in close and whispers, “how about we get you some pain medicine?”
“I don’t want it,” I say stubbornly.
“You may not want it, but you need it,” he observes.
I grab his arm, “Will you stay?”
“As long as I’m allowed,” he nods his head at everyone.
“You’re allowed. Everyone else needs to leave.”
“Honey,” my mom steps forward in protest, but my dad grabs her, “Let’s go home darling. Dylan’s tired. We can call or come back tomorrow.”
“Alright,” she says as she leans over to kiss my forehead. “You call if you need anything. Bradford, give Zeke your number.”
My dad rolls his eyes but takes out a card and hands it to Zeke. “My cell and a home number on there,” and before anyone can make a joke he says, “Yes, we still have a landline.”
“Thank you, sir,” Zeke replies.
“Call me Bradford,” and he walks out to catch up with my mom.
“We’re gonna go too,” Ethan says looking at Logan.
“Oh! Yes. We’re going to go have pizza with everyone.”
“FaceTime me later so I can talk to Mason?” I ask.
“Will do. I’ll have Zeke let me know when you’re with it enough and we’ll jump on it,” Ethan says. “Be good. Both of you,” he points at us before walking out with Logan trailing singing “Dylan and Zeke kissing in a tree,” before she’s muffled.
“You scared me Dylan,” Zeke begins once we’re for sure alone. He takes a seat next to my bed, not once letting go of me hand.
“How? It’s just a broken ankle.”
Zeke leans forward and hits the call button, “You passed out. And there was nothing I could do. That killed me. It was worse than when I was injured.” 
The nurse appears, “What can I do for you?”
“Can she get any pain medicine?” Zeke asks, and I nod my head in agreement.
The nurse smiles softly, “Let me see what I can get,” and she’s back out.
“Zeke,” I begin only to be interrupted.
“I love you Dylan.”
“I know,” I say in a small voice.
“You don’t have to say anything back. I just…like to tell you,” he pushes hair out of my face.
“Alright,” I say but the nurse appears before I can say anything else.
“Here you go dear,” she has a syringe and injects it into my IV. Almost immediately I start to feel the effects. “Anything else you need?”
Zeke answers, “I think she’ll be good for now, thanks.”
Once we’re alone I tug on Zeke’s hand. “Come lay with me.”
Zeke looks at the bed, “I don’t think it’s big enough for both of us, and I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Zeke?”
“Yeah?”
“Get up here. I want to sleep next to you,” I hear my voice as if I’m at a distance and it’s drowsy. My eyes close, and I feel the bed dip as Zeke’s arms wrap around me.
The last thing I hear is him saying, “I’m here for as long as you want me,” and a kiss brush my lips.



“I am so ready to leave this place.”
“Yeah, sis, we ready for you to leave too,” Ethan waves his hand in front of his face, “You have this stench…a la hospital.”
“Oh, shut up you fool,” I throw a box of Kleenex at him, hitting him in the face.
“You love me though.”
“That’s beside the point,” I reply sarcastically, but then Zeke returns with a wheelchair. “Is it time?” I ask hopping in the bed.
Zeke smiles at me, “Sure is. Let’s get this show on the road and you home.”
“Yes!” I scoot to the edge of the bed, Ethan helping or getting in my way, totally depends on your point of view. When I’m getting to make the move from my ass in a bed to my ass in a wheelchair, Zeke picks me up and deposits me there himself.
As he goes to stand straight, I grab the front of his shirt and drag him down for a kiss. “Thank you,” I whisper.
“You’re welcome,” he whispers back.
I bite my lip, “did you…”
“Did I…?” he asks.
I chicken out, “Are you staying with me?” Please tell me he is. 
“For as long as you want me,” he replies with a smile and swipe of my hair to the side.
I sigh deeply because he’s been saying that a lot. I kiss him one more time before leaning back, “You may take me home kind sir,” I say with a flourish of my hand.
Ethan snorts aloud at my tone before he walks up to Zeke and slaps him on the back. “You better get her royal majesty home,” he walks out of the room before sticking his head back in, “Want me to go grab the truck?”
“Sounds like a plan,” Zeke says as he tosses his keys to Ethan, who promptly disappears again.
As we start rolling me out of the room, I look up at Zeke, “How’s Aubrey?”
“Better every day,” he says with a nod. “You can’t even see the bruise anymore.
Sighing I lean back, “I feel like I’ve been here forever.”
“It’s been a couple of days Dylan.”
“I know, but still. What have I missed?”
“I’ve told you everything,” he laughs. “I’ve been here every spare second of the day that I could.”
“That still left a lot of time. What about Daisy and Sasha?”
“I left them with a friend.”
“Friend?”
“Yeah, a friend from my youth.”
“You were a youth?” I tease him, reaching up to stroke his arm.
He laughs, just like I wanted, “You’ll meet him tonight.”
“Is he good with the dogs?”
“Better than me I think.”
“Oh.”
“What’s going through your mind?” he says as we get on the elevator to head down.
“I don’t want to be the reason that Sasha’s training is screwed up or you can’t find her a friend.”
“You don’t need to worry about that.”
“Why?”
He hunkers down in front of me, grabbing my hand, “I found two other dogs that are going to be even better for the couple than Sasha. Siblings. I started training them, and Seb is filling in while I’m here.”
“Seb?”
“A friend. I’m sure you’ll meet him soon enough.”
“And you found other dogs to train? Isn’t that a lot?” 
“Yeah, it is, but Sasha and Daisy have turned into pets anyways. They’re missing you and Mason, so I imagine they’ll be with us tonight,” he stands when the doors open.
The thought of going home and having Sasha and Daisy there, along with Zeke, makes tears start to pour down my face. Zeke doesn’t notice at first, but as more people keep throwing us looks, he finally looks at me and pushes us to a sitting area. He takes a seat, then pulls me out of the wheelchair and onto his lap.
“What’s going on Dylan?” he murmurs as he holds me close.
“Nothing,” I cry.
I feel him laughing, but then he grabs my chin and brings my face up to his. “I see your tears. I feel your pain. What’s wrong?”
“I just missed you and Mason and the dogs so much!”
“And we all missed you, and I know Mason and I have been worried about you,” he drops a kiss on my head.
“Can we all sleep together tonight?” I swallow a ball of tears.
“I don’t think Mason will want to do that, but sure.”
“Dogs on the bed?”
“Dylan, your ankle.”
“The dogs will be gentle, I know it!”
He glares at me, knowing that I know he doesn’t like dogs on the bed. “You’re pushing it Reynolds.”
“You love me,” I say without thinking.
He squeezes me one more time before depositing me back in the wheelchair, “Damn straight and don’t you ever forget,” before he gets us moving out the door to find Ethan standing by Zeke’s truck. It’s quick work to get me in the truck and heading home.
Home.
Thank God.



“I’m so happy to be home,” I say around a yawn.
Zeke’s arms come around me and pull me in close as we lay in bed together. Mason had gone to bed two hours ago with Daisy, and Sasha is laying on the floor next to me. My friends decided a small welcome home party was in order, so when we pulled up, everyone was there. There were pastries galore along with coffee for the adults, and the kids had chicken nuggets and fries. Mason and Quinn were bouncing off the walls.
I’m just happy to be home.
I met Sebastian Bronson, Seb to Zeke. He’s a quiet man. But really quite handsome with brown hair that has a tendency to curl and brown eyes. I swear his eyes searched my soul. And his olive skin. Broad chest. Let’s just say he made an impact on all the women. I turn to look at Zeke though, and where I know Seb’s handsome, he does nothing for me. Zeke on the other hand. Turmoil abounds in a good way.
“We’re happy you’re home too,” Zeke murmurs against my ear.
I try my hardest to turn toward him, but I end up hurting my ankle, causing me to gasp in pain. “Dylan, you can’t turn like that. How do you want to lay?”
“I want to face you,” I pout.
Laughing, Zeke just moves up and over me. “There. You’re facing me now,” and he gently lowers his body on top of mine. “Don’t move your leg or I will move off of you.”
Laughing, I bring my hands up to his chest, stroking it. “I really missed you Zeke,” I softly whisper, my eyes following my hands on his body.
He leans down and kisses me deeply before leaning back, “I was with you every day Dylan. In fact, when I think about it, we spent more time together when you were at the hospital then we do any other normal day.”
“I know. I just missed…us…here,” I shrug. “Do you understand what I’m saying?”
Zeke looks at me in confusion, “You missed me. I understand.”
Men are so stupid! Groaning, I say, “Just kiss me please.”
“With pleasure,” he groans before taking my mouth with his. 
His chest slowly lowers to mine, and one his hands grabs my thigh, spreading my good leg wide to make room for him. My panties and his boxers are the only barrier between us as my arms wrap around his shoulders. 
“Are you sure you’re OK enough to do this?” Zeke murmurs.
“If you don’t fuck me now, I will strangle your ass,” I say back sweetly before pulling my shirt up and off my body.
Zeke leans up and strips his own shirt off before trailing a hand down my neck to my breasts, “We’ll have to go slow,” he says with a devious smile.
I arch my back when he pinches my nipple, “I don’t have time for slow,” I say breathlessly as my hand trails down his body to push his shorts down. With his cock free, I take it in hand and start stroking him.
“There’s always time for slow Dylan. Let me show you,” he thrusts into my hand as he takes one of my nipples in his mouth.
“It’s been a week Zeke,” I say breathlessly, stroking him faster. Zeke’s fingers trail down to my pussy leading me to groan low and deep, “that’s not going slow.”
“You’ve changed my mind,” he mumbles against my breast as he rips my panties off me. Then, before I can take another breath, he knocks my hand of his cock and plunges deep in me.
“Zeke,” I breathe in deep.
“Dylan,” he moans as he starts to pound me. I feel some pain in my ankle, but the pleasure I’m feeling is worth it. Zeke grabs my good leg and hooks it over his shoulder as he leans up straight. “Slowing it down now a little,” he smirks.
I look up at him, “You asshole!” I laugh as he literally slides in and out so slow that it’s pure torture.
All Zeke does is smirk as he continues the slow ride, “I figure this’ll be better for your ankle.”
“I swear once my ankle is better, I’m going to fuck you so bad,” I warn.
“I look forward to it,” as he speeds up his thrusting before slowing it down. 
I get so frustrated that I finally take things into my own hand, literally. Watching Zeke, I bring my hands up to cup my breasts squeezing while pinching the nipples, sending sparks through my body but it’s not enough. Leaving one hand on a breast, the other glides down my body, running through the sweat that’s collected between Zeke and I, before reaching my clit.
“Oh, yeah,” I whisper as Zeke speeds up while watching me. My fingers form a V and slide down my pussy, framing his cock, adding some extra friction as he slides in and out. Even better? As he’s thrusting in and out of me, he’s moving the palm of my hand against my clit, giving me even more pleasure.
“S-so close,” I whisper.
“Keep doing that,” Zeke says. “You’re so damn sexy,” he grunts.
“Come with me Zeke.”
Zeke starts pounding harder, and I can feel him grow close. Something about his cock inside me. I arch my back, and his thrusts grow shallower, giving me a chance to catch up.
And when I do…
I feel such an intense orgasm coming on that I lean up to bite down on Zeke’s shoulder in an attempt to muffle myself, Zeke coming not far behind me.
“That was great,” Zeke says as he drops on my good side.
I turn my head to look at him and smile, “No. That was perfect.”





Chapter 14

Zeke



“You keep your ass on that couch until I get back,” I say pointing at the couch while glaring at Dylan, who happens to be sitting at the dining room table looking innocent. “I’m serious Dylan. It takes time to recover from an injury, and your ankle was pretty bad.”
“Yes Dad,” she says pouting. 
Honestly, she’s been pretty good the past couple weeks. Every now and then she gets up and attempts to walk without thinking, but I’m around. Except for the other night. Her pain was pretty bad, so she took some pain meds. Apparently, she decided she could stand and walk around the kitchen making cookies at one in the morning. An ER visit was soon on the list so I called her dad Bradford after I couldn’t get hold of Logan or Ethan and when he arrived to watch Mason and maybe get him to school, I took Dylan to the ER.
Luckily, there was very little damage.
I carry her into the living room and set her down gently on the couch, arranging her foot before I lean down to kiss her. “I’ll be back in a while. I need to go help Seb for a bit.” I nod at the table next to her, “Use your phone if need be, and there’s a cooler of water and everything, along with a basket of snacks.”
“Why don’t you ask Seb to come to dinner?” she asks as Sasha walks in to settle next to her.
I pause for a second, because I haven’t explained anything to her. “Seb’s a loner. He doesn’t like to be around people.”
“I’m just curious about him is all. I’ve only met him the one time. He sounds like a great guy.”
“He is. The best.”
“Can you just ask him please?”
I sigh, “Yeah, I’ll ask.”
“I just want to show my appreciation for him helping you is all.”
I raise my brow, “How? You gonna cook?”
“Of course not. I would order in,” she says primly, arranging the blanket on her lap. 
I stand up, looking down at her for a second, my hand tapping my thigh. I want to say something, but I don’t know what. “Alright, I’m off.”
“Good. I can binge watch Stranger Things finally.”
I’m almost to the door when she makes that announcement. “You can’t do that!” I turn to glare at her.
“Why not? What else am I going to watch?” she really does have that innocent act down pat.
“We started that together and we’ll finish it together. Not separate,” I warn her.
“Eh, it’s just a show. You can watch it later,” she shrugs.
“Woman don’t make me take everything from you,” I warn.
She snorts, “As if you would. How would you call me?”
Damn it, she’s right. “Don’t watch it. I want to know what happens. It’s the last season, and you’re bad when it comes to spoilers.”
“I really am, aren’t I?” Then she grabs my hand, intertwining our fingers, “I’ll wait, but just for you.”
“Thank you,” I begin only to be interrupted.
“On one condition,” she smiles.
I should have known, “What?”
“We do that thing in the shower that we did last week.”
“With the shower head?”
“Yesss,” she hisses as her eyes close. I know she’s remembering when I used the shower head on her clit.
“Deal. I gotta go,” I say, kissing her quick before walking to the door, otherwise I’ll be dragging her sexy ass back to the shower.
“Zeke!” Dylan calls out to get my attention as I’m closing the door.
I quickly stick my head back in, “What’s up?”
Dylan’s gorgeous smile appears, “Thanks.”
I give her a smile, “You’re welcome. Be good,” and I turn and start to close the door again.
“Zeke!”
I sigh, but huff out a laugh, sticking my head back in, “Dylan.”
She’s biting her lip, and I can see a flush rising across her face. “I like you.”
I nod my head in confusion, “I would hope so. I love you.”
“No. I like you like you.”
“Gotcha,” I say in confusion. “You like me.”
Dylan starts mumbling, something about dumb men, but she looks back up at me and smiles, “Have a good day.”
“I will Gorgeous,” and I point at her, “Be good.”
“I will. Promise. I’ll miss you.”
“Miss you too,” and I close the door, taking Daisy with me. Sasha stays near Dylan now. Her training has been sidetracked, as she’s proved stubborn. Dylan’s her focus now. I guess it’s good that I found two other dogs and Seb is training them.
I drive through town and decide to stop by Deja Brew. Maybe Roni’s working and I can get a coffee. I pull up down the street and get a lead on Daisy before starting the walk. Nodding a greeting to people as I walk, my thoughts are on Dylan. 
She’s just so damn strong, and it’s been hard getting her to take it easy. She can’t even work because she has to stand for that. Which means she’s not paying her bills. Luckily, I can take care of that, even though it was a fight. I also know her father’s been leaving money here and there in the house.
Which is another odd thing. Her parents are so different. From my understanding she had a falling out sort of with her parents when she got pregnant with Mason. For a while they didn’t do anything to help her except give her a place to live. At her first opportunity she moved out, and a couple of years later, she managed to make enough to put a nice down payment on her house. She really is a highly sought out massage therapist. 
I asked her why she didn’t become a chiropractor and she simply responded, “I don’t want to. I like what I do.”
I let it go, but Bradford, her father, has been helping a lot. I’ll find him out back throwing a football with Mason, both of them laughing. Her mother has kept her distance and doesn’t interact with Mason except to say hello and goodbye. She says absolutely nothing to me.
I’m walking into Deja Brew when I hear Roni. “Go away Barrett! I’m done! I’ve answered all the questions. Literally all I know is that his name is Max, he bartended at Crockett’s, was freakishly tall with sun bleached blonde hair, and the most amazing eyes,” then her voice cracks, “He told me he loved me, he proposed, and I ran. Do you understand that? I ran!”
Everyone in Deja Brew is still, and as I look around, I see some ladies with tears in their eyes. One of them turns to me and says, “we miss our Roni.” This is met by a rumble of agreement. That’s when I know how much of an impact Roni has made on this small community.
Pushing through, I find Roni on the ground behind the counter crying, her head resting on her arms that are crossed over her knees. Sage is next to her rubbing her back. Daisy moves to lay at Roni’s feet, and I drop down next to her, putting my arm around her shoulders to pull her closer. Looking at Sage, I say, “Get everyone whatever they want. I’ll pay for it.”
“No, you won’t. I was going to do it anyways,” she says with a sad smile at Roni.
“We’ll split it.”
“Fine,” she rolls her eyes. “Alright everyone, you get whatever you want. Let’s do this. “Logan! I need your help!” and she gets to work.
“Hey, you alright?” I whisper.
“Garrett and Barrett are jerks,” she sniffles.
“Agreed,” I nod my head. “Where’s Garrett?”
“He was in the kitchen flirting with Logan.”
“Hey Barrett?” I look up to find him shifting from foot to foot.
“What?”
“Lay off her for a while. Just do your best with what everyone’s given you.”
“I have one other lead I can follow,” he nods.
“Then follow it.”
“Fine. I was just hoping she would say something no one knew.”
“I don’t even know his last name Barrett,” Roni’s face comes up and it’s so sad. 
“Alright, we need to go. Want to go out to my place? Seb’s there.”
“Seb? Really?” And I see a spark of mischievousness enter her eyes. The two of them used to tease each other. At one point I thought they would get together, so I had to take Seb aside and tell him to stay away from my sisters otherwise I would deck him. From that point on he stopped teasing, but I sure as shit noticed he didn’t stop looking. At Roni. He never looked at Izzy in the same way as he did Roni.
“Yeah. Let’s go,” I say drawing her up and then turning to look at Barrett, “Follow that other lead.”
I hustle Roni out of Deja Brew amidst people grabbing her and hugging her. One man hugged her tight and I heard him say, “He’s not worth it dear,” to which Roni nodded her head before continuing out the door.



“Seb!” Roni calls out, looking around. When she sees him, she takes off running. He has both dogs, and I hear him issue an order with words, but also a hand signal before Roni throws herself in his arms, legs wrapped around his waist. I cringe thinking about that.
Seb really is the salt of the earth. He has a lot of money from a construction business he started from the ground up and subsequently sold. He hit a rough patch a couple years ago when his fiancée was killed in a plane crash. Since then, he’s done nothing. Since we’re childhood friends, and we did so much together, and share a love for dogs, I called him up when Dylan was in the hospital. He’s been living at my rental and taking care of the new dogs off and on. 
“Cut it out Roni,” I say walking up.
I look down at the dogs, who are standing at attention, tails calmly wagging. He’s worked miracles with these two after we got them. Aubrey had led me toward a hoarding situation about an hour away shortly after Dylan was released from the hospital. She and I both made some calls, and we got the remaining animals taken care of, but I knew when I saw these two, they were perfect. They’re medium sized dogs, brother and sister. And probably some of the ugliest ones I had seen at the time. But after cleaning them up, they were actually cute. Brown and black coats with deep brown eyes and droopy ears. I took a picture and immediately sent it to my clients who approved them on sight.
Doggy boot camp started immediately. 
But Seb. He’s done great. “How are they doing?” I ask, leaning down to hold a hand out to one, who promptly gives me their paw.
“Good,” he says in a rough voice. “They need names.”
“Yeah, I got those.”
He stands waiting, so I tell him, “this smart girl is Gemma, and the boy is…ready for it?”
“Get on with it,” Seb says in a droll voice.
“Bryan.”
“Bryan?”
“Bryan.”
He looks at the dog, Bryan, then shrugs his shoulder. “At least the names are different enough that they won’t get confused. Could have been worse.”
“How?” Roni asks.
“Could have called him Fluffy.”
Roni and I look at him, me because I’m shocked. Seb is rarely funny nowadays, and to hear him crack a joke is amazing. Roni starts giggling.
“What?” he asks.
“You made a joke,” I point out.
“I do that sometimes,” he shrugs.
“And you’re talking a little more,” I narrow my eyes on him.
“Had nothing to say.”
Roni punches my arm, “Leave him alone. Show me what these dogs can do Seb!”
He leads us around to the back of the house, where I’m amazed at what I find. “You built the obstacle course?” I say in shock.
“What else can I do? I can only train the dogs so much during the day,” he shrugs while petting Gemma behind the ears. Daisy immediately bumps into mine, wanting her own attention which I give her. “Where’s Sasha?”
“She’s at home with Dylan.”
“Home?”
“Yes, home.” I’m definitely not planning on moving back here after living with Dylan and going to sleep and waking up next to her for the past couple of weeks. “Speaking of which, she wants you to come to dinner.”
“Hmm. Alright. Well, want to see what they can do?”
I wave my hand, “Do it.”
With a couple of hand signals, he sends both Gemma and Bryan off on the obstacle course. The jumps and tunnels, the turns they take, are great, and Seb’s running with them, completely focused.
Roni comes up to me. “What happened to him?”
“Plane crash. Fiancée was killed, he survived.”
“Oh no,” Roni looks at him with a new type of pain.
“Yeah, he’s had it rough, so I offered this. I remembered how he was with dogs, and I work with them. So here he is.”
“How long ago?”
“Three years,” I say grimly.
“He must have loved her a lot.”
“I guess,” I shrug.
“That’s an awful thing to say.”
“They were having some issues at the time. She…cheated.”
Roni’s whole demeanor changes, “That bitch.”
“Yes, but they were trying to sort it out. The plane crash wasn’t his fault, but he feels like that on top of her cheating was. That he was too focused on work.”
Roni looks at me, “You’re a good friend Zeke.”
I look at her, “I know.”
“And not at all humble.”
“No need to be,” I smile as Seb walks up with the dogs. “They look great.”
“They are,” but he hesitates.
“What?”
“You need more dogs here to train. Or open up classes, Obedience, dog training, that kind of stuff.”
“That’s the plan, but not here,” I begin.
“Where?”
I shift from foot to foot. “I was going to tell you today.”
“What?”
“Yeah, Zeke, what?” Roni pokes me in the side.
“I bought some land outside of town. I’m having a barn built right now that will house kennels, there’s several dog runs, and a training and obstacle area are in the works.”
Seb’s looking at me. “Are you saying I built this,” he waves at the obstacle course, “for no reason.”
“No.”
“You’re building another one somewhere else!”
“I bought this house Seb,” I say calmly. “The land I bought is between Granbury and Fort Worth, north of town. This is more so southeast of town. I’m keeping this for smaller things.”
“Who’s going to run this whole thing you have going?”
“We are,” I smile and slap him on the back.
“We are,” he questions. “I haven’t put any money into this.”
“And? Put it in now. Either way, I’m doing this.”
“Are you saying you’re moving here?” Roni asks jumping from foot to foot in excitement.
“Yes, that’s exactly what I’m saying,” I answer, and I’m filled with Roni. 
“Izzy will be so excited to hear that! Oh! That means Mom and Dad are going to move here too!” I haven’t seen her so excited in months. “When are you telling everyone?”
I nod at Seb, “I need to know what Seb wants to do. Give him some time to think about it first.”
“I’m in,” he says immediately.
“You’re in?”
“I’m in,” he repeats. “I love working with the dogs. It’s not as stressful, and it helps me with…things.”
“Alright,” I begin. “How about we take the dogs with us and grab lunch?”
Seb looks down at Gemma and Bryan. “You take them. I’ll stay here.”
“Seb? You’ve been training them the entire time almost entirely yourself. It’ll be good for them to have you and me with them so we can see how they’ll react to different people giving them commands.”
Seb takes a moment to think before he nods his head. “Fine. I’ll take my Jeep though.”
“Can I go with you?”
I turn in shock to Roni. She never asks. She just goes. All of a sudden, I feel a wave of anger rush through me and think Damn it Max. This is your fault! 
“Uh, sure,” Seb answers with a nod. “It’ll be cramped. It’s just a jeep.”
“How about you two go ahead, and I stop and get Dylan? She could stand to get out a little.”
Seb glares at me before nodding. “Fine,” and he spins away to lead Bryan and Gemma to his Jeep.
I look at my sister, “What are you doing?”
“He needs someone Zeke,” Roni whispers. “Someone who knows a semblance of what it feels like to lose someone you love,” her last words are caught in a choked sob.
Running my hands through my hair, “Alright. But be good. Diner?”
“Diner,” she confirms.
“Dylan and I will be there shortly.”
“Take your time,” she says with a wave of her hand over her shoulder as she’s already walking to Seb’s Jeep.





Chapter 15

Dylan



“Can I start standing enough to go back to work?” I ask my doctor.
“Dylan,” Zeke says holding my hand. “Don’t push yourself.”
I look at Zeke, and I’m mad. “Zeke,” I seethe, “it’s not your business,” before I turn back to my doctor, who adjusts his glasses and clears his throat. 
“I don’t see why you can’t on a limited basis. You’ll have to go through physical therapy for a while as well. You’re a massage therapist?” At my nod he continues, “I would suggest maybe massage one client in a two-hour period. That gives you time to rest your ankle and foot. Physical therapy will need to be started as well.”
Sighing, I grumble under my breath, “I’m going to beat that bitch up when I see her again.”
Zeke’s hand squeezes mine. “You’ll be fine. We got this.”
“I can barely drive Zeke!” Sasha starts whining at my tone and moves to put her head on my lap.
“I’m here Dylan. I can help you just like I have been.”
“You have stuff to do, take care of,” I sigh in frustration. I feel the tears start, “I can’t do anything with Mason.”
“Mason’s fine Dyl,” he pushes hair out of my face. “Your father has been spending time with him, and Daisy’s there. Seb and me. The whole gang.”
“But it’s not me,” I feel my lip tremble.
“Can I say something?” the doctor asks, and at my nod he continues, “Your son is what? Ten?”
“Yes.”
He smiles gently at me. “Dylan, this is your son pulling away from his mom. He’s not a little boy anymore and he wants to hang out with the big guys,” he nods at Zeke.
“He’s still a baby,” I say fiercely. Honestly, I know the doctor is telling me the truth, but I’m his mother!
I see a smile pass between the doctor and Zeke before Zeke says, “He’ll always be your baby. But right now your baby wants to play football and run around with the big boys. And we all love him.”
“Great, you’re saying my son is rejecting me.”
“No, I’m not saying that. Think about it Dylan,” he tilts my head so that I can see his eyes. “Who does he run to whenever we get home to talk about what happened? Who does he wait to tell about his school day? Who knows everything, and he’s excited to share things with most?”
“You,” because it really is Zeke. The jerk, as I glare at him.
“Definitely not me. Do you know how many times he says he has to tell you what happened at school, and I don’t hear any of it?”
“Don’t care,” yes, I’m pouting
Zeke and the doctor share a look, “Yes, well. I’m going to get your paperwork situated and get you out of here. Be careful on that ankle,” he warns with a pointed look before he walks out.
I don’t hesitate and turn to Zeke, “I can’t keep relying on you for everything Zeke.”
“And you’re not. Dylan, I love you. I’m here to help and do anything you need. I have the ability, so I’m going to do it.”
“Can I try to drive at least?” I ask.
“You have to get used to it, so I don’t see why not.”
“Can I drive to Mason’s birthday party tomorrow?”
“Why? We’ll be in my truck,” he looks at me in confusion.
I shrug my shoulders, “Can I drive?”
“This is your way of asking if you can drive my truck isn’t it?”
“Just answer the question.”
“You drive a hard bargain you know?”
“There’s no bargain. You just let me drive to Mason’s birthday party.”
“Ah, but if I let you drive tomorrow, then tonight I expect you to do that thing with your tongue -,” he’s cut off by the nurse coming in and discussing my paperwork with us and finally we’re done. 
“I’m walking out of here on my own two feet. It’s not that much.” I’m adamant about this. Zeke, thankfully, shrugs his shoulders and just picks up my crutches before waving me to the door. It’s a slow trek to the truck, and my ankle does hurt a little, but not near enough to stop me from enjoying my newfound freedom. Daisy and Sasha following me, Sasha on my side with my injured ankle.
“So, do you want to go see something?”
“Really?” I look at him in shock. Since he came and got me to have lunch with Seb and Roni, he’s kept me firmly tucked away inside my house. I don’t know why honestly, but he definitely doesn’t want me to have anything to do with his business or with Seb.
“Yeah. It’s finally ready.”
I look at him in confusion. “I thought you were working on that rental?”
“Nope,” and he points the truck North.
“Zeke, want to tell me what’s up?”
“You’ll see.”
I sit back and stare at him, trying to read his mind when he turns and smiles at me, “Stop trying to see what’s on my mind.” He pats his leg, “bring your feet up. Want to keep that ankle up as much as possible still.”
I sigh, but does as he asks, and I’m asleep within minutes of my head resting back on the window and my eyes closing.
“Dylan,” I hear Zeke whisper.
“Zeke,” I mumble, but I feel a smile on my face.
“Wake up Sleeping Beauty,” I feel him raise my hand for a kiss.
“No,” I stubbornly say.
“We’re here,” he chuckles. “Want to see?”
I open my eyes to glare at him, but when I do, I look beyond him, out his window. “There’s a barn,” I say stupidly.
“Yes, and a lot more. Let’s go,” he says. “Straighten up and get out.”
I put my leg down gently, and when I open the door to get out, Zeke is there helping me. He puts leads on Daisy and Sasha before letting them out. We walk toward the barn slowly, holding hands, Zeke pointing everything out. As we approach, the large barn doors open and Seb walks out.
“Seb!” I call out with a smile and a wave. I haven’t seen him except for maybe twice, but I’ve talked to him on the phone here and there when he calls to find Zeke.
“Hey Dylan,” he walks up and hugs me. I wasn’t expecting this as he really is a loner type who keeps to himself. When he releases me, I notice him smirking over my shoulder at Zeke, whose glaring at him. That’s when it occurs to me.
“You jerk. Stop that right now!” I tell Seb laughing.
“Can you blame me? Look at him!”
I turn to Zeke, who pulls me into a hug, “Mine,” I think I hear him say.
“Alright, show me what you have here,” I say to try and break the tension.
They start with the barn, which is warm and filled with kennels. “Are those TVs?” I ask.
“Yes. When we house dogs, we can have noise in here. It helps them relax, lowering stress levels,” Seb offers.
“Wow, never would have guessed. It’s warm in here though. What about in the summer months?”
Zeke offers this part, “the barn is insulated with a working HVAC system. In the winter, like now, it’s heated. In the summer it’ll be cooled.”
I nod my head as we walk straight through the barn into a fenced arena, larger than the land my house sits on. “This is for dogs to run and play in,” Zeke continues as he removes the leads from Daisy and Sasha so they can play in the arena.
“Let’s go to the obstacle course,” Seb says. Zeke nods, allowing him to lead the way.
“Wow,” I say looking around. Everything’s set up and it’s amazing. Large with overhead walkways. Weather protected video cameras. Large timer at one end.
“Yeah, this is something isn’t it,” Seb says with a smile.
“Don’t act so proud of yourself,” Zeke says.
I look at them in question and Zeke offers, “Seb built a lot of it.”
“He built it?” I say dumbly.
“For the most part. I didn’t like what the original company was doing so I took over,” he responds quietly.
“Wow,” I whisper.
We finish the rest of the tour, seeing multiple dog runs and other areas, before Seb walks us to the barn again. 
“We’re going to a birthday party tomorrow for one of our friend’s kids. Lots of adults. Want to come?” Zeke asks as he corrals Daisy and Sasha to get their leads on.
Seb hesitates, so I jump in, grabbing his hand, “Please say yes. It’ll be fun.”
“I don’t know…”
Zeke rolls his eyes, taking my hand from his, “You’re coming. Be at Dylan’s house around one.”
“Ah, you want me to pick Dylan up? Is this like a date?” Seb’s eyes have a hint of laughter in them.
“No,” Zeke growls. “Just be there and leave my woman alone.” He takes my hand and gets the door open before manhandling me into the truck, all to mine and Seb’s laughter.



“You ready to go home yet?” Zeke whisper asks in my ear with a nuzzle and setting me to giggling.
We’re at Mason’s birthday party, relaxing at a table in Noelle and Mary’s backyard, Seb’s with us along with Roni, Izzy and Nelson. Daisy and Sasha are asleep at our feet, Sasha’s head resting on my foot. I swear, there has to be something going on between Roni and Seb. They’re acting very friendly, laughing and touching. I haven’t seen Roni this relaxed since Halloween.  
“No, not yet,” I muse. “I’m enjoying myself.”
“Alright. Let me know. I’m going to get Mason’s bag from the truck,” he gets up but leans down to kiss me before heading through the house.
It was decided that Mason was going to spend the night, and he and Quinn were going to supposedly be up all-night telling ghost stories. Personally, I think they’ll be asleep by ten, maybe eleven with the amount of running happening.
“So, Dylan. What’s going on with you and our dear brother?” Izzy asks.
I look at her, “Do you really need to ask that question? Furthermore, do you want to know about that side of your brother’s life?”
“Hmmm,” Izzy hums, studying me. Then slaps the table. “You’re right. I don’t want to know. But what I do want to know is how you feel about him.”
All eyes turn to me, and I’m nervous, “Well, um, erm, I…I…”
“Leave her alone Izzy,” Roni throws a napkin at her. “Don’t put her on the spot here.” I look at Roni with appreciation. I knew there was a reason why she was my favorite twin-
“You do it in a group text with all the other girls,” Roni looks at me with a wink. The bitch!
“Ohhhh,” Izzy smiles while pulling her phone out, and texting really quick. All around us text notifications go off, including mine. Looking up, I see all my friends, Noelle, Becca, Sage, my teammates Aubrey and Marley, and Logan look at their phones before tapping away.
Sage: Love
Aubrey: They are sooooo cute!
Logan: That’s my sister….
Logan: but yeah, she’s head over heels.
Becca: I already have ideas for a cake!
Marley: I’d hit that.
Izzy: That’s my brother
Noelle: So obvious lol
Roni: Well, I can tell y’all for a fact one thing…
I look around and see all eyes on Roni, who puts her phone down to take a drink. She’s very slow about it, basking in the tension or attention she’s getting. She raises her eyes to meet mine glaring at her over the table before she winks at me and looks to meet all the glares and threats being sent her way.
Roni: He loves her.
What ensues is a mass of Awws, hearts, happy faces with heart eyes that I always found creepy, and Marley texting: You go girl, get your man!
“Roni!” I say in exasperation.
“How do you feel about my brother?”
“I like him,” I say with a nod.
“You like him? That’s it?” Izzy asks.
“I like him.”
Roni stands up, “My brother does all this stuff for you, moves heaven and earth to help you, says he loves you, and you like him?” she’s leaning both hands on the table, her body angled toward me. Sasha gets to her feet and moves closer to me, her head turned toward Roni, watching her intently.
I feel on the spot, and I want to say something, but I want Zeke to be the first one to know. Not everyone at once.
“What’s going on?” Zeke approaches the table.
“Roni’s being a bitch,” Izzy announces, leaning back in her chair. Nelson’s arm comes up to curve around her shoulders.
Zeke turns to Roni, “What did you do?”
“I just tried to pin an answer out of Dylan is all,” she takes her seat again.
“Answer for what?”
“Not your business Zeke,” I finally say.
“It better not be about the competition,” he warns me.
I heave a sigh, “If I want to compete I will. But in this case no.”
“Besides, we already got someone to take her place!” Roni says with a smile.
I jerk my head, “Someone’s taking my spot? Why wasn’t I asked about this?”
“Who?” Izzy asks in curiosity.
“Ethan.”
“Ethan? My brother Ethan?” I’m stupefied.
“Yep.”
“But he’s not at all sports coordinated. He’s a nerd!”
“Well, he can skate like the devil,” Roni says with a smile. “We call him The Enforcer.” I don’t think she realizes it, but she rests her head on Seb’s shoulder, and he just pats her on the leg, leaving his hand. 
Zeke notices, though, and shoots a glare at Seb. “Seb,” he growls in warning, looking at the hand resting on Roni’s thigh. Seb looks up, before following Zeke’s eyes to Roni’s thigh, which he squeezes before removing his hand.
I stand up, “Zeke, I’m ready to go. Let’s go say bye to Mason.” I grab his hand, pulling him up with me and heading to find Mason. 
“Hey Mason,” Zeke calls out. “We’re taking off. I put your bag in the living room.”
“Thanks Zeke,” Mason says as he runs up to hug him. My heart just broke, and I think my phone broke with all the text notifications. I turn to glare at everyone whose watching us with phones in their hands.
“Alright Mason,” I say hugging him finally. “You have a good time, and if you need anything you call me.”
“I’ll be fine Mom,” he says with an eye roll. “We still going to play football tomorrow?” he asks Zeke.
“You bet, but you’re also going to run some errands with me.”
“He is?” I ask.
“I am!”
“I didn’t know that.” I look at Zeke in question.
“Yeah, I guess with everything I forgot…,” Zeke says.
“We’re going to talk about this,” I say with a glare in his direction. To avoid saying anything, I hug Mason again telling him, “Mason, have fun. I’ll see you tomorrow,” and I turn and walk away.
The drive home is quiet, and I’m seething. When we walk into my house, I set my purse down and limp to the kitchen to get a glass of water. I must’ve been on it too much today. Zeke comes to stand next to me, placing his hand on my back.
“Dylan, I didn’t-,”
“You did. You’re making plans with my son without asking me or even telling me!”
“Dylan, please,” he’s looking at me with an apologetic look, but I could care less.
“No. What you’ve done is wrong,” I look around the kitchen. “You’ve taken on a role that was not yours to take, nor was it even given to you.” I take a deep breath, “You had no right!”
“I get that now,” he says but I feel like he’s trying to appease me.
“No, I don’t think you do. Mason is my son. Not yours. He’s my responsibility!” As I say that, hurt flashes across Zeke’s face, but I can’t deal with his pain.
“I think you should go,” I whisper softly.
“Dylan…,” Zeke’s voice holds a pleading note.
“I can get around by myself now,” I say with a nod. “We’ll be fine.” I turn to take a look at Zeke. “Please go,” I whisper, barely keeping myself from crying.
Zeke stands straight, “We’re going to talk about this more.”
I think to myself doubtful, but I nod my head to get him to leave quicker.
“Tell Mason…,” he sighs, “tell him something came up that I have to take care of.”
I just nod my head, and I hear him turn and walk out of my house. Shortly after, the rumble of his truck is loud, slowly fading as he drives away.
I drop my head, feeling like I just made a mistake. But no. This is my son we’re talking about. I pick up my phone and text Logan.
Me: When you’re done there, come by
Logan: As if I want to see the lovefest between you and Zeke!
Me: He just left
Logan: Did you guys run out of condoms or something?
Me: I told him to leave
Logan: Something happen?
Me: You could say that
Logan: Alright…give me about 30 minutes.
Me: I’ll be here
I put my phone on the counter and start to clean. It’s my stress relief. I clean. Nothing to clean really. Zeke took care of a lot of stuff, including cleaning. Damn it. I walk to the living room, and I see his favorite DVD is on a side table. “Son of a bitch,” I mumble as I head to my bedroom. In the doorway I abruptly turn around and head to the dining room table. 
It’s the only safe place in the house…until I remember how Zeke did that one thing…Nope not going there. I pull out my phone and proceed to go through social media and respond to emails letting people know I’m back open for business when Logan walks in.
Along with Izzy, Roni, and, really, everyone. 
“Alright Bitch. I brought all the girls. What’s going on?” Then she looks around, “Where’s Zeke?”
I glare at her, “I told you he left.”
“Why?” Noelle asks.
“Because I asked him to,” I say snidely.
“Hey, no need to take your anger and frustration out on us,” Sage comes to Noelle’s defense, and everyone nods in agreement.
“Logan, why did you bring everyone?” I ask, ignoring Sage.
“They wanted to see what was what.”
“I just asked for you to come!”
Logan shrugs, “I brought support.”
“I don’t need support!”
“Maybe I do though,” she glares. “Have you ever thought for a second that I have no clue what to do here? You’re the one in this weird relationship. And who knows better than his sisters what to do?”
“It’s not him!” I say grabbing my hair.
“Alright, I think it’s time for us to take a drink,” Roni steps forward putting a huge bottle of Jägermeister on the table. Then she goes and gets full blown glasses out of my cabinet. GLASSES. Then she divides the entire bottle equally between nine people. Thankfully, it’s not that much.
“Don’t worry,” and she pulls a second bottle of her bag. “I have more.” With that, I grab my glass and chug the entire thing. As soon as I put it down, Roni’s refilling it. I pick it up and drink it back, leaving it on the table.
We move into the living room, the bottle coming with us, and we all spread out. I lay on the floor in front of the TV, staring at the ceiling, while Izzy and Roni take the overstuffed chair where Zeke and I used to cuddle. Logan sits on the couch with Becca, Sage, and Noelle, Marley takes the chair, and Aubrey lays on the floor, our heads inches apart.
I reach my arm towards her, “I’m proud of you,” I whisper.
“I’m proud of me too,” she whispers back. 
She had cut off all ties with Kyle, her asshole ex. We couldn’t get her to file a police report, but she’s in a better place now. Her and Marley are living with Ethan sort of, and he has a security system, so it’s nice knowing they’re safe. Her parents are a whole other issue, as she didn’t tell them what happened. All they know is that she just broke it off with a guy she had been seeing for over ten years, one whose parents are close friends with hers. It’s a process, but she’s got all of our support.
I keep my hand on her arm for a second before squeezing it and sitting up. “Where’s my drink?” I ask.
“Here you go!” Roni says cheerily. And she hands me my glass. I narrow my eyes in an effort to focus on it. Is it fuller than before? I shrug my shoulders, Oh well. Then I drink it down, slamming the glass down on the coffee table before laying back down.
“So Dylan. Want to share what happened?” Noelle asks gently.
I try to sort my thoughts, they’re kind of fuzzy, “He’s trying to take over my life,” I slur. “He made plans with Mason to take him somewhere and didn’t ask me.”
The murmurs I hear make me feel better. I made the right choice I think to myself with a nod.
“Well, he should’ve asked you,” Izzy said. “But-,”
“But what?” I ask sitting up again, which sets the room to spinning. “I know I had my drink somewhere,” I mutter. 
“Here, you go!” Roni says happily, handing me a full glass.
“As I was saying,” Izzy continues with a glare at Roni, “You have to admit, Zeke got used to taking Mason with him almost everywhere.”
“He often picked up Quinn and drove him to school with them,” Noelle speaks up.
“Don’t forget how he brought Mason to Nelson’s gym and taught him how to throw a punch!” Logan exclaims.
I sit up quickly again, grabbing my head. God is the world spinning? “He did what?!”
“Shit, nothing!” Logan says brightly.
I stand up, the dizziness increasing, “He took my child to a gym and taught him how to fight?”
“She’s slurring her words big time now,” Sage notices.
“He has no right to do anything with my son without my say-so,” I say, thumping my chest.
“No, but your son wants a man to follow,” Noelle says slowly.
“And is there anyone better than Zeke?” Marley says. “He treats you good, he’s smart, handsome, kind. Did I say handsome?”
“Shut up Marley you’re not helping,” Aubrey says as she sits up and grabs my hand. I look down at her, “Zeke’s great. With everyone. With all the kids, but most especially with Mason. He’s patient, and always laughs with Mason or they find something to laugh about.”
Roni’s nodding her head, “She’s right Dyl. Zeke’s great. But you want to know what the best part about him is?” she asks quietly.
I look at her, and I feel tears in my eyes as I wrap my arms around my stomach. Roni continues, “His ability to love. It’s a gorgeous thing. You’re lucky. And he loves Mason just as much as he loves you.”
“It’s true Dylan,” Becca says. “And he always talks about you two. And when he does, his face is so…happy.”
I swallow a sob, “I never told him how I felt.”
“You didn’t?” Izzy asks.
“No,” and I start to shake. “I just told him I liked him.”
“Why didn’t you tell him you love him?” Marley asks.
“I-I was scared. I didn’t want him to feel like he had to be here. He has a choice with me. Always,” I mumble slur.
“He knows that,” Noelle says, “and he made a choice.”
“It’s too late now,” I say laying back down. “I kicked him out of my life.”
Right before I black out, I hear Sage say, “It’s never too late Dyl.”





Chapter 16

Zeke



Damn it! I hit the steering wheel. How could things have gotten fucked up so fast? One minute things were great, and the next she’s kicking me out. I know, I know Dylan loves me, and she’s pushing me away for some reason. For right now, I need to just back off though. I drive through the streets heading to my rental. Even though I bought it, I still refer to it as my rental. I haven’t stayed here in weeks. Seb’s been the one taking care of it and the dogs for me.
And as I pull up it looks like Seb is home. I really hope Roni’s not with him.
I take a breath as I turn my truck off. I have to go in though. I’m not going to sleep in my truck when I have a perfectly good bed inside. I muster up my courage in preparation to deal with Roni asking questions when Seb comes out.
“You alright?”
I look at him sharply, “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Probably because about an hour after you left, the party ended and all the girls took off,” he shrugs.
“Everyone left?”
“Yep. Want a beer?” He turns to head into the house, and I follow him. When I walk in, I really feel like I don’t belong here anymore.
I belong with Dylan and Mason. They’re my home.
“Thanks,” I say when he hands me a beer. I take a long pull before sitting at the dining room table. “Where’s Roni?”
“I don’t know. Assuming at Dylan’s like all the other women.”
“At Dylan’s?”
“Yeah, that’s what I think Ethan was saying. He’s staying up to give anyone a ride. Roni took like four bottles of Jägermeister over.”
“Shit,” I slump in the chair.
“Want to talk about what happened?”
‘Want to tell me what you’re doing with Roni?”
“We’re just friends. Similar situation. Losing someone we love,” he downs half his beer.
“That’s all?”
“That’s all.”
“I told her I was taking Mason out tomorrow to run errands and play football.”
“Weren’t you just planning to take him to the farm and have him run the obstacle course with Daisy?”
“Yep,” I say finishing off my drink. I get up to grab another, getting one for Seb while I’m at it.
“Did you not ask her if you could?”
“I didn’t think to,” I respond. “I’ve been taking Mason everywhere anyways, and never once asked permission. I just assumed it was alright.”
Seb whistles low, “Man, you fucked up.”
“Yeah.”
“What are you going to do?”
I’m tearing at the label on my bottle, “I don’t know. She kicked me out.”
“Kicked you out?”
“Well, she told me to leave.”
“Do you think the girls are going to talk to her about things?”
“I don’t know what they’ll say, least of all Roni.”
“Roni’s on your side,” Seb says with a smile.
“Sometimes I think she’s on a side that suits no one.”
“So,” Seb shrugs, “what are you going to do?”
“Wait her out,” I say with a sense of knowing deep down that Dylan will come around.
“How long do you think it’ll be?”
“I don’t know,” I shrug, “but I’ll wait as long as it takes.”
“Did you tell her how you feel?”
“What’s with all the questions?” I look at Seb questioningly.
“Want to make sure you know what you want.”
“I want Dylan and Mason,” I say, letting out a breath of air.
“Then you get them,” Seb clinks his beer bottle on mine.
“I don’t know how to though. Dylan literally kicked me out,”
“Are your clothes at her place still?”
“Yeah, they are.”
“Alright, so here’s the plan. You’re still going to the farm tomorrow to work with the dogs. Give her space. Then maybe the next day, you shoot her a text.”
“I guess. We’ve been together every day. Give her a break,” I nod my head.
“Then she’ll see she misses you,” he gets up and heads to the spare bedroom.
“Hey Seb?” I call out, and when he turns, I can only say one thing. “Thanks.”
He just nods his head before closing the door.



I play with my phone.
I ask Mary if he’s seen Mason and how he’s doing.
I ask Jake how Dylan’s doing.
And neither one answers me. Growling, I squeeze my phone, just short of breaking it, but just enough that a few cracks appear.
“Zeke, it’ll be fine,” Seb shakes his head.
I look up at him with a glare, “How do you know it’ll be fine? She kicked me out and she hasn’t texted me. No one is telling me how she’s doing!” I stand up and start pacing along one of the walkways that cross over the obstacle course.
“Well, whatever you’re doing isn’t helping. Either for yourself or the dogs,” he nods toward Sasha and Daisy, who are acting stressed. Shit. Seb then says the one thing to get my attention, “Would it help if I told you she was fine?”
“Is she?” I ask him doubtfully.
He shrugs his shoulders, “No clue personally.”
“Then why would you say that?” I grind out through clenched teeth.
“Thought it would help,” he whistles, and Gemma and Bryan get into position despite being nervous. 
“You’ve gotten pretty far with them,” I note.
“Got nothing else to do and you’re shit company.”
“Thanks.”
“It’s true,” he holds a hand up, and with a flick of his wrist the dogs are off. We watch them go through the course together for a couple of seconds before Seb continues, “Roni says she’s sad.”
“I know she is. We’re still looking for Max.”
Seb turns to look at me, “Damn. I didn’t think you could be any stupider,” he shakes his head.
“What?” 
“Dylan’s sad. Not Roni.”
I look at him. “Are you fucking with me?”
“No. Have you texted her?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Trying to give her space. It’s what she wanted.”
Seb looks at me, “Is that why you’ve been wearing the same clothes for four days?”
I look down and shrug, “I wash them.”
“Why don’t you just buy new ones?”
“I have perfectly fine clothes.”
“At Dylan’s.
“And?”
Before Seb can say anything, we hear a large truck pulling up, crunching gravel beneath its wheels. Our eyes don’t leave the dogs who just finished the obstacle course as they wander and sniff the inside the enclosure. 
“Hey! Zeke!”
I turn my head in surprise to see Jake walking up with Dez and he’s wearing a weird backpack. “What’s up?”
“I wanted to see if Dez liked your obstacle course. I see it’s being used at the moment though.” Dez walks up to Daisy and Sasha and sits patiently but close to Daisy.
Mary appears, “Plus, wanted to see if you knew of anyone with a dog for Quinn. Preferable housetrained and all kinds of trained,” he grimaces.
“I may have one-,” I’m interrupted by Ollie.
“And we just got approved for a K9 officer. Can you put me in contact with someone trustworthy?”
“I’m sure I can,” I ask, stupefied.
“And I want to know when you’re going to put my sister out of her misery,” Ethan brings up the rear.
“What?”
“Dylan. She’s sad. Mason isn’t the same. They both miss you. When are you going to pull your head out of your ass and do something?”
I look at Seb to find him smirking, “Um…er…well…she told me leave.”
Mary and Ollie laugh at that while Seb gets Jake’s attention and leads him down with Dez to the course. “Jake?”
He turns his head, “Yeah?”
“Why is there a huge ass cat in your backpack?”
He smirks, “Luci likes to go on walks with Dez.”
“Luci?”
“The cat idiot,” Ollie says. “It’s Becca’s,” at Jake’s throat clearing and glare, he changes, “Luci belongs to Jake.”
“Oh,” I begin before just asking, “why’s he here?”
“He’s going to do the obstacle course with Dez,” Jake says before continuing his way carefully down the stairs. 
I bring my hand up to rub the back of my neck. “Should I be worried?”
Mary walks up to stand next to me with Ethan on the other side, Ollie leaning down to play with Sasha and Daisy. “I wouldn’t think so. Dez and Luci are best friends.”
We watch as Seb gets Gemma and Bryan out of the enclosure before closing Jake in by himself with Dez and Luci. I put a hand on Sasha and Daisy’s head, murmuring, “stay,” and they sit and watch calmly. Seb comes up the stairs with the other two and does the same with them as we watch Jake take his backpack off and set it on a table. When he opens it, Luci jumps out.
“Are we sure that’s a cat?” Ethan asks, and I silently agree with his question.
“Luci’s a Maine coon. I think he’s bigger than most-,” Ollie says only to be interrupted.
“That’s a fucking sheepdog Ollie!” I practically yell. “Look at it! It’s huge!”
Mary clears his throat, “Actually, I think Dez is a kind of sheep dog. Are you sure you know the difference between a cat and a dog?”
“Of course I know the difference!” I’m about to continue when I see the laughter in Mary and Ollie’s eyes. “Yeah, yeah. Don’t be assholes,” I mutter.
We all turn to watch Jake walk around the obstacle course, and hell if the damn cat doesn’t follow, jumping up when he says and everything. Even the dogs are enthralled with what’s happening beneath us. Once Jake has what he needs situated and believes Dez and Luci know what to do, he sets off with them, running alongside them as they do everything he says. When one of them gets it wrong, he stops and goes over what they were supposed to do and start over. Surprised, I notice Dez makes more mistakes than Luci. Huh.
They’re in the enclosure for an hour before Jake calls it quits. In that entire time, no one on the catwalk has said anything. We’ve just watched in amazement. But as Jake joins us, Luci comfortable in the backpack that now looks ten sizes too small for his size, I turn to ask, “Do I need to work with Dez?”
“Why? Was he doing something wrong?” Jake asks in confusion.
“He wasn’t obeying commands,” I point out the obvious.
“He didn’t have any,” Jake shrugs.
“He didn’t?”
“No. Luci did, and all Dez had to do was run alongside him.”
“Luci did better than Gemma and Bryan,” I say with a nod at the dogs at Seb’s feet.
“Maybe Luci likes me better than the dogs like Seb,” Jake says. “Did you guys get everything figured out?”
“No. We were too busy watching the cat whisperer at work,” Mary remarks.
“What needs to be figured out?” Seb asks.
“What the idiot here needs to do to get back in my sister’s good graces,” Ethan replies.
“And the rest of the girls,” Ollie mutters.
“He already knows what he’s going to do,” Seb says with a nod before heading down the stairs.
Four sets of eyes turn to me, “What are you going to do?”
“Text her?”
Mary’s eyebrow comes up, “You think that’ll be enough?”
“Not really,” I shrug, “but it’s a start.”
“You need a better start,” Ollie says.
“Well, what would you suggest?”
“Go to her dumbass,” Mary slaps me on the shoulder.
I think for a second before raising my head to look at Mary. “Any thoughts on where?”
“I may have a thought,” Ethan offers in a hesitant voice.
“Yeah?”
“Yeah…,” he looks at me, “How good are you at skating?”





Chapter 17

Dylan



“Mason, who taught you how to skate backwards?” I ask as I glide next to him.
“Aunt Logan. When you would nap, she would come by and take me outside to skate.”
“I’m impressed,” I say with a smile.
“You should be. Soon enough, I’m gonna be able to take you down,” he smirks at me.
“Ah, with my ankle you could probably do that now,” I make clear.
He looks at me with worry in his eyes, “Do you want to sit down? We don’t have to keep going.”
I laugh, “Sweetie, I’m fine. I’m going slow. If you want to go a little bit ahead you can. Just watch your surroundings please.”
Skating backwards in front of me, the showoff says, “No, I think I’ll stay with you for a bit.”
“Alright,” I smile as we skate a little bit in silence. Really, since the town built a skate park with a rink around it, life’s been better for me. Since my injury, I don’t get to skate as much as I used too. 
We’re watching skateboarders and inline skaters do their tricks when Mason notes quietly, “I want to do that.”
“Want to do what Sweetie?”
Mason nods his head, “Inline skating.”
“Really? Why?””
He shrugs, “It looks fun.”
“But you could get hurt,” I say in concern, watching some of the tricks.
“Oh, like you did in roller derby?” he says innocently.
I look him, and all of a sudden it hits me. My baby is growing up. Mason, who I raised almost on my own, is now a young man. “Do you want to stop skating with your mom?”
“Why would you think that?” he looks at me in question. “I just want to do inline skating as well.”
Whew. We do everything together it seems, and I would hate to start losing time. “Alright,” I nod. “How about we go look this weekend for a pair?”
“Seriously?” he asks in excitement.
I laugh and lean over to pull his hat off so I can ruffle his hair, “seriously.”
“Awesome!”
We continue to skate for a while longer in silence, but I feel like there’s something else Mason wants to ask. “Hey, how about we go over there and sit? My ankle is starting to hurt a little bit.” It’s not, but I want to be able to focus on Mason and give him a chance to say whatever he wants. At his nod of acceptance, I breathe out a silent breath and we skate over to a bench where we can watch the others doing tricks.
It takes a couple of minutes, but Mason finally speaks, “Mom?”
“Yeah?” I look at him with a smile.
“What’s going on with Zeke?”
My face straightens, “What do you mean?”
“I haven’t seen him around. We were supposed to go out to his farm after Quinn’s birthday, but we didn’t, and he hasn’t come by.” 
I look at Mason and I see the pain in his eyes. He misses Zeke. Shit. This is not what I wanted! I didn’t want Mason to get hurt, and what happens? He gets hurt. 
“Yeah, about that…,” I begin only to trail off when I see a familiar figure come skating up.
“Hey Buddy,” Zeke says with a smile as he sits on Mason’s other side. I notice Mason lights up.
“Zeke! What are you doing here?” I see him looking around, and I know the next question coming. “Where’s Daisy?”
“Daisy’s with Seb for now. I figured I’d give this skating thing a try. Your mom once told me it would be good exercise for my leg and core and all that,” he rolls his eyes at me, setting Mason to laughing.
“Do you like it?”
“Eh, it’s alright,” he nods at the skateboarders. “What do you think of them?”
“It’s cool. I want to try inline skating though,” he says while watching one do a trick.
“Huh. I used to skateboard when I was your age.”
Mason’s eyes go wide, and he turns full body to Zeke, “You did? Did you do a lot of tricks?”
“I could do some. I probably can’t do them anymore with my leg, but it’s fun to watch isn’t it?”
“Yeah!”
At that, everyone quiets down and just watches. Zeke hasn’t said one word to me, instead focusing on Mason. Damn it. He knows Mason is everything to me! I swallow my tears and lean back, my face turned toward the sky. All of a sudden, I feel a hand and four fingers on the back of my neck rubbing. I turn to Zeke, expecting to meet intense blue eyes. Instead, he’s just watching the skatepark with Mason. But he continues to rub my neck and on down to my shoulders.
After a while, Zeke gets up, “Alright Buddy, I gotta go, but I’ll see you around all right?”
“OK,” Mason says sadly.
“Hey Buddy?” Zeke gets down carefully on his haunches so he’s more eye to eye with Mason.
“Yeah?” he asks.
“I’m always gonna be here. If your Mom’s alright with it,” he nods toward me. “Got me?”
“Yeah,” he mumbles. Then before anyone sees it happening, Mason throws himself in Zeke’s arms, sending Zeke to the ground on his ass. Zeke is hugging Mason, mumbling something I can’t hear, and I see Mason nodding his head. Then Zeke smiles at me. 
I really miss that smile. I send a small one back, and Zeke pats Mason on the back, “Alright Buddy, I really gotta go now, but I’ll be around.”
“Alright Zeke,” Mason nods, but he’s smiling now.
That’s when Zeke turns to me, “Can I have a minute?”
“Um,” I nibble my lip before nodding. “Mason, why don’t you do another lap?”
Mason takes a second to study us, his eyes bouncing between Zeke and I before he concedes, “Alright,” and he takes off.
Both Zeke and I are watching Mason skate, standing right next to each other, when Zeke’s hand takes mine, causing me to jump at the unexpected contact. I look up at him, and he has a smile on his face as he pushes hair out of my face. I sigh because I really do miss him doing that. I miss everything Zeke.
“I miss you Dylan. I miss us. You, me, and Mason,” his look turns sad.
I take a deep breath, not sure what to say, but before I can, Zeke speaks again. “I’m going to fix this.”
“How?”
“I don’t know.”
I choke on a laugh, “You don’t know how you’re going to fix the fact that you decided to make decisions for me regarding my son?” 
“Ah, well. That’s easy,” and when I look at him in question, he says, “I ask permission.”
I sigh, “Zeke, you shouldn’t have too though. I know you would never hurt Mason.”
“I wouldn’t.”
“He misses Daisy.”
“Daisy misses him.”
“Damn it,” I mumble.
“How about this,” he turns me toward him, grabbing both of my hands. “Can I take Mason to the farm tomorrow?”
“He has a game.”
“Can I come to the game with you tomorrow to cheer Mason on, and the next day take Mason to the farm?”
God, Mason would love that, for Zeke to start coming to his games again on top of seeing Daisy. “I miss Sasha,” I say slowly.
“I’ll bring her by to visit. She misses you.”
“You wouldn’t bring them to the game?”
“No,” he says slowly. “I’ll bring Gemma and Bryan.”
“Oh,” I say sadly.
Zeke looks around before taking a deep breath, “How about dinner tonight?”
“Dinner?”
“Yeah. I’ll pick something up and bring Daisy and Sasha to your place.”
“I don’t know,” I say nervously.
He looks at his watch. “I really gotta go for an appointment. You let me know. I have nothing else tonight, so you can let me know as late as you want and I’ll come,” he squeezes my hands before turning and yelling, “Mason! I’m out!”
Mason comes skating over, hugging him again, “When will I see you again?”
“I don’t know Buddy. We’ll make this work though alright?”
“Alright.”
Zeke turns to skate away, Mason and I watching. Both of us probably thinking completely different things except for one main item.
We miss Zeke.



It’s getting close to dinner time.
I have nothing planned, and I’m standing in my kitchen while I hear Mason in his room playing on his game console. What else am I doing? Staring at my phone on my counter, nibbling my lip.
Should I?
I reach forward to pick my phone up only to stop myself and pull my hand back.
If I do, what will happen?
I reach for my phone again only to pull my hand back again. 
Groaning, I run my hands through my hair. Damn it, it’s getting late. I have to make a decision. At Mason’s cry, I jerk up.
“Mason?! Are you alright?” I say, stumbling down the hall.
“Yeah Mom, I’m good! I just won!!!”
I lean back against the hallway wall, catching my breath as my head drops. I have to be stronger. For both myself and Mason. 
Zeke makes me stronger.
Decision made, I head back to the kitchen, pick up my phone, texting only word to Zeke. Yes. I put my phone down, taking a deep breath to prepare myself for a wait.
In a matter of seconds, Zeke responds, be there in ten minutes.
Ten minutes? I look down at myself. I’m in leggings and one of Zeke’s shirts that he never picked up and my hair is in a messy bun. I can’t do this. Yes, I know he’s seen me at my worst, but that’s not the point. Tonight’s going to either make or break things. 
Screw it. This is what it is. 
I don’t know what Zeke’s bringing, but I get plates and silverware out. I wipe the table and counter down and, in general, just moving stuff around.
I’ve never been this nervous before in my life. Not even when I had to deal with my pregnancy and Mason almost completely by myself.
The doorbell goes off. I stand, paralyzed, at the counter staring at the front door. I can literally see Zeke’s body through the glass on the side of the door. I blow out a breath and then Zeke rings the doorbell again.
“Mom?” Mason walks into the kitchen. “Want me to get that?”
I look at Mason and just nod my head. Before he turns to open the door, he asks, “are you OK?”
“I’m, I’m fine Sweetie,” I say forcing a smile. “Go answer the door.”
“You sure?”
“Yes,” no, no I’m not. I’m scared shitless and don’t know what I’m doing! But I can’t tell Mason that. “Go get the door,” I nod and smile.
Mason turns and walks to the door, and I can tell when he knows it’s Zeke because he runs, almost tripping over his feet, “Zeke!” he yells before answering the door. “You came! Daisy!” he drops to the floor to hug her.
“Sure did Buddy. Your mom invited me,” he nods in my direction, but he keeps his focus on Mason. 
“Awesome! Guess what?”
Zeke laughs, “What?”
“I just beat my game! I won!”
“Great job! How about you go get washed up and I’ll bring dinner in,” he nods him toward the bathroom. Shit. I’m about to be by myself with Zeke. And for a while since Mason takes forever in the bathroom, even just to wash his hands.
“Alright,” and Mason’s gone, Daisy following him. 
I feel Zeke’s eyes land on me, but I don’t look up. I hear him walk toward me, but I don’t turn to him. 
I don’t do anything except stare at the counter, my fingers tracing the designs in the granite. That’s when I feel a fluffy head against my arm. My hand moves to her head. Sasha. I take comfort in her being here.
“You’re biting your lip Dyl,” Zeke says quietly. “You want me to leave?”
“What?” I jerk my head up meeting his eyes. “No, of course not. I just-,”
“You’re just…uncomfortable.”
I nod my head in the affirmative. And I feel the tears start. Zeke pulls me into his arms for a hug. “It’s gonna be alright Dylan. I promise.” My arms come up under his arms, holding him tight. The tears don’t fall but it’s close.
We stand there for a little bit until we hear Mason come walking down the hall, “What did you bring Zeke?” he asks excitedly.
“Chinese,” he answers while keeping his eyes on me. “I figure we could watch a movie or something while we eat,” he adds quietly.
Mason’s eyes turn to me in silent question, so I nod my head. Seems that’s a lot of what I can do. Nod my head. I’m such an idiot.
I hand Mason a plate, and he starts dishing up for himself before situating himself on the floor of the living room with Daisy. When I hand Zeke his, he grabs my hand instead, pulling me close.
“Dyl,” he murmurs.
“Yeah?” I say quietly.
“I like your shirt,” and I hear the smile in his voice. My face jerks up to his, and he takes that moment to lightly kiss me before taking his plate and dishing up. “What are we watching Mason?”
“Jumanji!”
I’m standing there, shocked, and Zeke’s perfectly fine talking to my son. I go through the motions of getting my plate ready, all the while listening to Zeke and Mason.
“Which one? The old one?”
“No, the first one.”
“That’s the old one,” Zeke laughs.
“Not the old one Zeke! The first one!” Mason mock glares at him.
“Alright Buddy, the one from when I was a kid, or the new first one.”
Mason thinks about it for a second before he responds, “the new first one.”
Zeke winks at him, “Get to it then, put it on.”
Mason sticks his tongue out at Zeke, setting me to laughing a little as I come in and sit down on the other end of the couch from Zeke. We’ve never been this far apart. 
“Oh, do you want something to drink?” I ask. “I still have beer.”
“No, you sit. I got soda for us,” he gets up and I hear him moving around behind me as Mason starts the movie.
Same old Zeke. He would never drink around Mason for dinner. He tried to keep it to after Mason went to bed or when we were at a gathering of our friends. 
We sit quietly, watching the movie. As everyone finishes, I pick up plates and take them to the kitchen, starting to clean them before putting them in the dishwasher when Zeke surrounds me, his hands resting on either side of me on the counter. Against my better judgement, I lean back against him, my head on his shoulder. Zeke’s head drops down to my neck, kissing me really quick before his arms surround me in a hug as he rests his chin on my shoulder.
“What are we doing Zeke?”
“What we’ve always done. We’re spending time together. At the end of the movie, I’ll head home.”
“Oh,” I say nibbling my lip.
“Don’t do that,” he whispers huskily. “It makes me want to nibble your lips myself.”
I feel the heat rise up my face as I shoot a glance toward Mason, who’s engrossed in the movie. “Zeke?”
“Yeah?” he rests his head against mine.
“Do you think you could ask me about Mason from now on?”
He sighs and steps back, looking around. “Dylan…,” he begins.
I feel the tears start, “I understand.”
“No, you don’t. I don’t want to make a promise that I won’t keep. There will be times where I’ll want to surprise you with something from Mason. How can I do that if I have to ask you? Do I lie about what we’re doing? I don’t want to do that.”
I nod my head in understanding because he’s right. And if I want something more with him then I have to trust him with Mason. “He’s my baby Zeke,” I say.
“I know, and I’ll do everything in my power to protect him and you,” Zeke says fiercely. 
I look at Mason on the floor of the living room with Daisy, and I feel my eyes soften. He really does like Zeke. I take a deep breath, “Are you going to go with me to his game tomorrow?” I ask facing him.
Zeke studies me, his eyes going back and forth between mine before he answers, “Damn straight.”
“And you can take him to the farm,” I add, and Zeke’s face lights up like a boy on Christmas.
“You sure?” he asks.
“Yeah, I am,” because I really am. 
“What if I want to take him at another time?”
“Can you at least just let me know…I don’t know…something? Just that Mason will be with you?”
“I can do that,” he nods. 
I breathe out everything inside me, “Alright then.”
“One question,” Zeke says holding up a finger.
“What’s that?”
“Us.”
I look at him in confusion, “Us?”
“What about us?”
“Um…,” I’m thinking when Zeke interrupts my thought process.
“I love you Dylan. I love Mason. I want to be with you guys as much as possible.”
“I…,” and he puts his lips to mine before pulling back.
“Don’t you dare say anything yet.”
“Why not?”
“Do you know how much it hurts to hear you say you like me?”
“Zeke,” I begin. “I’ve told you I like you like you,” I stress.
“What the hell does that even mean?” he asks.
“Maybe you should ask someone,” I reply.
“Or maybe you can be more clear in regard to your feelings?” he comes back with.
“Mom?”
I turn to find Mason in the kitchen with us. “Yeah Sweetie?”
“Why don’t you just tell Zeke you love him?”
“Yeah, Dylan, why don’t you just tell me you love me?”
“I…um…er…,” I’m at a loss.
“Because you do Mom. I know you do. I know you miss him when he’s not around,” Mason continues. Sheesh my child sees more then I think he does!
“Fine, I love you Zeke. You happy? I love you,” I say to get this done.
“Yes, I think I am,” Zeke responds with a smile as he grabs and kisses me.




Chapter 18

Zeke



“Come on Mama!”
Dylan’s playing in her first roller derby competition since her accident, and the Lone Star Honeys are kicking ass. Ethan’s sitting out, pouting, or waiting for his chance to get back in, but Dylan’s on a roll leading jam after jam. It’s been a long couple of months. Months where Dylan and I worked to come together. And it’s sucked. 
My hand is my best friend.
Dylan says she loves me all the time now, and I say it back. I’ve taken Mason a couple of times, making sure to ask and clear it with her first. Of course, the calendar we share on our phones lets us know what each of us and Mason have going on, so that helps me know what can and cannot be done and when. We’re everywhere it seems. And we spend most evenings together.
Mason goes out to the farm with me at least once a week, watching me either train dogs or run them through the obstacle course. He and Daisy are inseparable, and at the end of the evening it’s hard to head home with Daisy whining.
Don’t get me started on Sasha. They call dogs bitches, and now I know why. She’s a total bitch when she has to leave Dylan. These two dogs are as drawn to Mason and Dylan as much as I am. 
Dylan and I haven’t done anything sexual since she admitted she loved me. We’ve kissed and worked in some heavy petting, but that’s it. Interesting enough, I’m happy with what we have. Do I want more? Sure.
And I’m going to get it.
Tonight.
“Zeke?” Seb asks next to me.
“Yeah?”
“Why’s Roni waving her hands from the sidelines like an idiot?”
I look over and I notice she’s out and Ethan’s in. And she’s looking at me and Seb. “Huh. I don’t know. Want to head down and find out?”
Seb studies her, “Not particularly.”
“I thought you were friends?”
“We are. But that doesn’t mean I need to get caught up in all the bullshit drama in your household,” he says, and he’s pretty accurate with that statement.
I sigh and get up, saying, “Mason, stay with Seb alright?” while working my way down the stairs with Daisy and Sasha, both of whom are shaking in excitement. As I get closer, she skates over. “Shouldn’t you be paying attention to the competition?”
She waves her hand, “It’s the last jam and we’re well ahead. Not even Ethan can screw this up for us,” she smiles.
“Alright. What do you want?”
“Well…a little birdie told me something interesting,” she smirks at me before turning to watch the jam.
“Who’s the birdie and what did they say?” I ask, putting my hand on Sasha as she’s straining to get a look at Dylan.
Roni looks at me knowingly, “Mom.”
My eyes shoot to Dylan making another pass before they come back to Roni. “And?”
“Seems you’re in possession of a ring,” she trails her hand along the railing between us.
“I am,” I admit.
“When do you plan to put it to use?”
“Don’t know,” I shrug. Yes, I do.
Roni snorts, “Don’t lie. You’ve always been a planner.” She leans close and whispers, “Tell me.”
“No.”
“Tell me now.”
I look at her calmly. “No.”
Roni leans back and studies me through narrowed eyes before she relaxes and smiles, “It’s tonight then. Do you want me to take Mason?”
“No.”
“Hmmm, alright. I expect a play by play of the proposal by tomorrow morning.”
“Not happening.”
She reaches up and pulls me closer, “You better tell me or else.”
I look at her and smirk, “Or else what?”
We’re interrupted by the sound of the timer going off signaling the end of the jam and the competition. Dylan skates right up to us, leaning over the railing to grab me and pull me in for a deep kiss.
“Oh my God you guys! Really?” Roni rolls her eyes, then she waves Seb over. Looking over, he’s shaking his head no, and Roni sighs. “Your friends an anti-social asshole.”
“He’s been through a lot,” I start only Roni interrupts.
“So have you.”
“But I didn’t lose the woman I thought I loved and found out she had been cheating on me the entire time.”
Roni nods her head, “very true,” she murmurs and there’s sadness in her eyes. 
I look at Dylan, and she pulls Roni into a hug, “He never deserved you, you know.”
“Maybe. Maybe it was me who didn’t deserve him,” she smiles sadly.
“Roni?” I interrupt.
Sighing, she turns her head to me, “What?”
“Everyone misses you.”
“I’m right here.”
“Yeah, you are. But we all miss Roni.”
She looks away, “That Roni fucked up. So I need to find a new one.”
“Roni, everyone fucks up. Ask Dylan! I’ve even fucked up as hard as that is to believe!”
“You didn’t run out on someone who had just said they loved you and proposed without telling them how you feel, and then have that same person disappear on you before you could talk to them,” Roni sneers.
“No, but I have fucked up.” Then I smile at Dylan, who smiles back, “I’ll probably fuck up again,” and Dylan’s head nods up and down in agreement. “But not everyone’s perfect.”
“I know that. I just…need more time.”
“Have you talked to Barrett or Garrett?”
“No, and I told them I don’t want to know anything.”
“Why?”
“If Max doesn’t want me anymore, then I’m going to let him go,” she sighs before turning away, calling over her shoulder, “Crockett’s in an hour bitches.” She nods behind us. “Izzy’s taking Mason. Dylan cleared it.”
I shake my head at her retreating form before turning to Dylan, grabbing her by her shirt and pulling her to me, “Hey Gorgeous,” I murmur. “You did good today.”
“Yes, I did, didn’t I?” she smiles.
“Yeah, I’m thinking we might…celebrate before Crockett’s.”
“We can do that or…,” she hesitates.
“Or what?” I urge.
She takes a deep inhale of breath, “Or we can head over to my place and…clean up.”
“Just clean up?”
Dylan’s playing with my shirt, “Well, we’d have to get you all hot and sweaty first.”
“Dylan?”
“Yes?”
I turn her around and push her to rolling, “Go get your ass in gear and meet me out at my truck in 3 minutes.”
“I need more time than that,” she sputters.
“If you aren’t out there in three minutes, I’ll come find you and take you against the nearest wall,” I warn before adding, “And I could care less who would be watching.”
I watch as a shiver runs down her body before she skates off quickly.
I turn to look for Seb to find him gone. When I pull out my phone, there’s a text saying he’ll be at Crockett’s after a training session, so at least I know he’s starting to get out more and really, the people here are good people. I walk out to my truck, texting Seb an acknowledgement. I’m unlocking the doors and getting the dogs in when Dylan skates by, stopping suddenly and turning to me with a huge smile. 
“I beat you.”
I watch as her breasts heave under her tank top, her nipples reacting to the cold. I look around, and seeing no one, I crowd her against the truck, taking a deep kiss from her as a hand comes up to fondle her breast.
“Home. Now,” she says huskily.
“Yes ma’am,” I agree. 
Once in the truck and driving, Dylan’s hand falls into my lap and I take it in my own. “I have something to tell you,” she says.
The hair on the back of my neck rises, “What?”
She leans close and whispers, “I’m going commando.”
Just like that I’m speeding toward her house, making the twenty-five-minute drive in fifteen minutes. Not smart, but at the end of it, the dogs are playing in the house and I’m back in her bed.
We completely miss the celebration at Crockett’s.



“Can Mason come with me tomorrow?” I try to act nonchalant, but I know some of my nervousness is showing.
“Sure. Is everything alright?” Dylan asks.
I nod my head and smile, “Yeah. I’m checking out some stuff for the farm and figured he would have fun.”
Dylan rises from her seat and comes to sit on my lap, “He would. Are you leaving Sasha with me?”
“If you’re alright with that, yes,” I nod my head.
“Of course I am. She can come to work with me,” she leans down to rub Sasha behind the ears making little noises at her, and the dog is eating it up.
“Alright. Then we just have Daisy,” I nod my head in relief. 
Dylan’s chuckle is against my ear, “It’s not that bad.”
“Sasha acts depressed when we close the bedroom door because she can’t see you!”
“Ah, she’ll be fine and learn.” She turns to me, an eyebrow raised, “Wait a sec. Don’t you train dogs?”
“Ha ha smart ass. Yes, I do,” I look at my wrist. “You gotta get to work.”
“What are you doing today?”
“No clue, hang around? I may go see my parents.”
“Alright. Be safe on that drive,” she looks out the window where it’s raining. Frowning, she says, “Maybe you should stay home.”
“Dylan, it’s rain. I’ve driven in it multiple times.”
She nibbles her bottom lip before nodding her head then kisses me. “Can I have Sasha today as well?”
“You sure you want to take her?”
“Of course!”
“Fine, she can stay with you today,” I huff out a laugh.
There’s a knock on the door and Logan comes in, “Mason! I’m here! And you are so going down!” The two of them have started all types of competitions, from thumb wrestling to Mario Kart. 
What shocks me is who follows her in. “Barrett? What are you doing here?”
He looks shell shocked. “I wish I knew man.” He waves at Logan, “She asked me to come, and here I am.”
Dylan smiles at him then looks at me before she leans into whisper, “Logan has a crush.”
And now it all makes sense. I laugh before standing up with Dylan in my arms, setting her down at the front door. “Have a good day. I’ll see you tonight.”
“Alright,” she returns the kiss. “I’m serious, be safe.”
“I will.”
“Text me when you get there and when you leave.”
I roll my eyes, “Dylan.”
“Zeke, so help me God. Do it or else.”
I give in with a simple “Yes ma’am” and she’s off.



“Damn Daisy, it’s really raining out here.”
I’m about fifteen minutes outside of Dallas, but the weather has gotten worse. It’s windy enough that I’m fighting to keep my truck on the road. My windshield wipers are on the highest setting, but it’s barely making a dent as the rain hitting it is immediately replaced, not letting me see much. As a result, I’m driving slower than normal. That doesn’t stop truck drivers from speeding past me like I’m standing still.
Daisy’s in the backseat as she barks her response. She seems nervous, pacing as best she can in the space she has.
“I know, I know. We’ll be fine though. I hear you’re doing good with Mason?”
At the sound of Mason’s name, Daisy perks up and quiets down. Her and Mason are two peas in a pod. I look in the rearview mirror to see what she’s doing, and that’s all the distraction needed.
As the truck flips, all I can think is Dylan’s gonna kill me if anything happens to Daisy.





Chapter 19

Dylan



“Dylan!” 
I look up from my desk where I’m doing paperwork at the sound of Logan’s voice. “Back here!” I call out.
I hear more than her footsteps coming back, and I smile. She must’ve brought Mason with her. She does that sometimes, and it always brightens my day.
When she walks in though, I know it’s not Mason she’s brought, because Ollie is standing behind her in uniform, meaning he’s on duty. “What’s going on you guys? Is Mason alright?” I start to panic.
“Mason’s fine,” Ollie says. “He’s with Mary and Noelle.”
“Oh,” then I turn to Logan, and see the tears that are running down her cheeks. She throws herself in my arms, and the panic settles in again. “What’s going on?” 
“Dylan, sit down,” Ollie says.
I look at him in concern, “What happened?”
“Sit down please.”
I go to sit as best I can in my chair, and Logan stands behind me, her hands on my shoulders. Ollie looks at her before looking to me, “There’s been an accident.”
“Is everyone alright?” I feel a heightened sense of concern wash over me.
“No.”
“What happened?”
“A driver was distracted, and combined with the weather, they rolled.”
I swallow, “Who-who…,” and I can’t say it.
“Zeke’s in the hospital. They got him stable but he’s in critical condition,” he says as the tears start falling.
“Where?”
“Dallas Presbyterian. I’ve talked to his parents, and they have you down on the list to see him,” Barrett offers from behind Ollie.
I nod my head, almost like I’m in a trance then a thought occurs to me, “Daisy. What about Daisy?”
“We don’t know. We were actually looking for both Daisy and Sasha,” he nods his head to the dog who had padded over and put her head in my lap, “but we couldn’t find either one.”
“You have to find Daisy,” I sob.
“We’ll look for her. But you might want to get to Dallas once the weather lets up.”
I nod my head, looking out the window where it’s pouring so bad that the road has started to flood. All I can say is, “I warned him.”



“Come on rain, go the hell away,” I mumble, staring at the rain beating against the windows.
“Mom?”
I turn to find Mason looking at me with tears in his eyes. “Yeah Sweetie?”
“Will Zeke be alright?” I can tell he’s been crying more, and I hate that there’s not much I can do to help. No news to provide or anything.
I walk up to him, pulling him into my arms. “Zeke’s a fighter Sweetie,” and at his nod, I continue, “he’s already been through so much. This isn’t going to stop him.”
“I know he is,” Mason’s face is in my shoulder. “I just want him to come home.”
“So do I Sweetie,” we say as we stand there holding each other.
The sound of the doorbell peels through the house. “Let me get that,” I take a step back, “I love you Sweetie. Zeke does too,” before pulling him close again for a hug before heading to the door.
“Get your bag,” Roni says as she walks in. When she sees Mason, she smiles and pulls him into a hug and Mason lets her, holding on tight to her.
“Um, what?”
“My parents sent a car,” and at my questioning look she says, “don’t ask. Just get your bag,” she nods toward my bedroom.
“But-but Mason…,” I begin.
“I’m here,” Seb walks in with Gemma and Bryan. Sasha walks up to say hi to them before moving to stand next to me.
I look around, “Are you sure?”
“Zeke will want to see you as soon as he wakes up,” Izzy interrupts as she walks in.
“But your parents-,” I’m still looking for something.
“Their idea,” Roni waves off that argument before she studies me, “You really have no clue how much Zeke talks about you do you?”
“Um…,” I nibble my lip.
Still holding Mason, Roni says patiently, “If you don’t get your bag, I’m going to pack it for you.”
Yeah, that won’t work. Roni’s the type that will find the skimpiest clothes possible and pack those. With no underwear. I look around, “Fine,” I respond as I head to my bedroom. It takes me a couple of minutes and I’m ready. “Let’s go,” I walk to the door, Sasha following. “No baby,” I tell her. “You gotta stay.”
“Bring her,” Izzy says. “She relaxes you.”
“No, I can’t bring her to the hospital,” I wave at her to go lay down.
Seb steps forward. “I got her.”
“Thanks,” I nod before saying bye to Mason. “Be good for Seb. I’ll call you as soon as I know something,” I let him know as I hug him.
“Will you tell Zeke something for me?” he asks.
“Sure Sweetie. What?”
“Tell him I love him?” 
My heart breaks as I squeeze him, “Yeah, I will,” before I turn to the door.
“One thing,” Roni says as she joins me at the door.
“What?”
“Don’t comment on the car.”
“Why would I -,” I’m interrupted by Mason, “Whoa Mom! It’s a limo!”
I look between Roni and Izzy in question. “We’ll explain in the car,” Izzy murmurs.
“Um, alright,” I say, nervous all of a sudden.
“Ladies, you might want to get going,” Seb says. 
“Yeah,” I say before turning to offer Mason a reassuring smile before I run out into the rain to get into my first ever limo.



Zeke’s rich. He has a trust fund. He’s an injured war veteran. He loves dogs. He loves me and Mason. 
Zeke never told me that he’s rich.
Not that it would matter, but it strikes me as odd that he said he loves me but never told me that one thing, even after I admitted that I loved him. Something to deal with later, I think to myself as I walk into the hospital, wring the straps on my purse.
“It’ll be fine,” Izzy says.
I look at her in concern, “I don’t know about that.”
She smiles at me. “We don’t bite.”
“I’m about to meet your parents. Over the unconscious body of the man I love,” I swallow a sob, and Izzy hugs me.
“What’s going on…oh,” Roni walks up and joins the hug. “It’ll be alright Dylan.” I nod my head, hoping she’s right. As Roni pulls back, she looks at me, “You ready?”
I nod my head, and we get on the elevator, heading up to the sixth floor where Zeke’s at. Roni and Izzy grab my hands, giving me their strength. “How can you two not be a wreck?” I mumble.
They look at each other, “We’ve been through this, and it never gets easier. When Zeke was injured overseas, we went and met him in Maryland. We stayed there for months, waiting for him and supporting him,” Roni says.
“We never gave up on him and let him know that. When he was unconscious we would talk to him about anything,” Izzy smiles. “I told him how he had to wake up so he could by an usher at my wedding.”
I look at her in confusion, “You were engaged?”
“Course not, but we were desperate to say anything that would make him wake up and come back to us.”
“Oh,” and the elevator opens in front of us. Izzy and Roni’s hands now wrap around my waist leading me forward. “I, um…your parents…”
“They’re excited to meet you,” Izzy says quietly, and all of a sudden we’re in front of the open door to Zeke’s room. 
I look everywhere but at Zeke. The machines, the walls, anything and everything. A man and woman off to the side stand up and walk to me. “You must be Dylan,” the man says with a smile. I immediately notice the similarity in looks between him and Zeke, and my heart clenches. 
“Y-yes,” I stutter.
“Zeke’s talked about you so much,” the woman says. “I feel like I already know you and Mason,” she smiles. “How’s your ankle?” she asks in concern.
“Um, it’s fine,” I say.
“I’m Deke,” the man smiles again while motioning to the woman, “This is Charlotte.”
“Call me Charlie,” the woman says. I really look at her then and see where Zeke gets his blue eyes from. They’re so vibrant and I want to cry, seeing Zeke’s eyes in this woman.
Deke and Charlotte look at each other before turning their attention to Roni and Izzy. “Let’s go get some coffee,” the man says.
“Oh, OK,” I say as I turn to go with them.
“No Honey,” Charlotte laughs softly with a hand on my arm. “You can stay with Zeke. Talk to him. I know he would want to hear your voice,” she says with a tear-filled smile.
“OK,” I say shifting from foot to foot. I watch from the doorway as all four of them troop down the hall, Deke’s arm around Charlotte’s shoulder, holding her close. When they leave my line of sight, I turn and finally look at Zeke.
And I muffle a sob.
“Oh Zeke,” I murmur sadly as I walk up to him. I pull a chair up next to him on the side I think has the least number of wires. He’s intubated, part of his head’s been shaved to stitch an injury, and he has bruises all over. I carefully pick up his hand and hold it between both of mine.
“Seems you have the luxury suite,” I say with a small laugh as I look around his private room. I take a deep breath as the anger takes over, “I told you maybe you should wait, but you didn’t,” I stifle a sob. “You can’t leave me. You can’t leave Mason. We love you so much.”
I rest my head on the bed next to our joined hands. “Mason wants you to know he loves you and wants you to come home.”
I spend the next thirty minutes saying stuff that I know I won’t have any recollection of saying. “And why would you not tell me you were rich? Do you think that would have made a difference? I love you, you idiot. I don’t care about money. When you get out of here, you’re moving in with Mason and me.”
“He is?”
I jerk my head to find his mother watching me, blue eyes studying me. “What?”
She walks to Zeke’s other side, her hand lightly touching his forehead, “You said he’s moving in with you.”
“Oh, um, I really don’t know,” I say self-consciously. “I’m just rambling.”
“You know, I don’t believe in rambling,” she says as her eyes move from Zeke to me. “I believe we tell the truth in times like this.”
I don’t say anything, so I just keep quiet. Charlotte fills in the silence. “I talk or text with Zeke a lot. He’s so proud of you and Mason.”
“He talks about me?”
“Yes,” she says with a smile. “He said one day he was going to marry you two.”
“What?” I say stupefied.
“I thought it was interesting the way he said it as well. It wasn’t he was going to marry you. He specifically said both of you,” she looks back at Zeke with a sad smile, “he loves you both so much.”
I swallow, “We love him too.”
“When you two were separated a couple months ago, I was worried about him. He was so…I don’t even know how to explain what he felt.”
I squeeze Zeke’s hand, “Probably the same way I felt. Lost.”
She nods her head, “I can see that.” She breathes in, “He’s always loved being around dogs. They were his closest friends. Him and his friend Seb trained their dogs to do tricks and other things.”
“Dogs,” I whisper, looking up in horror, “Daisy.”
“What about Daisy dear?”
“He had Daisy with him,” I say choking up. “Have they found her yet?”
“I-I don’t know,” she says in shock before getting up and walking out. When she comes back, Deke’s with her.
“Daisy was with him?” I nod my head as Roni and Izzy come in. 
“What’s going on?” Roni asks in concern. “Zeke?”
“Same Honey,” his mom says. “But we weren’t aware that Daisy was with him.”
We all look out the window, seeing the rain pounding against the window. His dad looks at everyone and nods his head. “I’m going to look. I’ll get some others involved as well.” He leans into Zeke, and I think he whispers something to him, but I don’t know what before he kisses his wife and the girls, gives me a hug and walks out.
“What’s happening?” I ask.
Izzy smiles through her tears, “He’s going to go look for Daisy.”
“But it’s raining,” I point out.
“Doesn’t matter,” Roni says. “Zeke’s first concern will be either you, Mason, or Daisy. We have you and Mason covered, but nothing about Daisy.”
I focus on Zeke, and I know they’re right. He would never want anything to happen to Daisy, and if she were out there by herself, he would do anything he could to find her. 
The next couple of days pass in a blur. I spend a lot of time sitting next to Zeke talking to him about nothing and everything. His mom shares stories of him from his youth making us all laugh. Through it all, I hold Zeke’s hand, rubbing circles on it, soothing myself and him.
The doctor came in several times, giving updates. Still no change. His father had come back a couple times, frustrated and no Daisy in his arms, only to turn around and head back out. I check in with Mason multiple times a day. He’s asked to see Zeke, but I tell him no. God that kills me, and I wonder if Zeke will ever wake up.
Until one day, five days after I arrive.
I had laid my head down, dozing a little our joined hands next to my head. Roni, Izzy, and his mom had left to go grab some coffee. All of us are exhausted, physically and emotionally. So, it doesn’t hurt I think to lay my head down. I must’ve been sleeping rather than dozing because I’m dreaming of Zeke’s fingers in my hair like he would do when we watch a movie on my couch. I smile and stretch a little, enjoying the memory.
Then my hand is squeezed.
My eyes pop open and I stare at our hands, joined right in front of my face. I watch calmly, hoping, but knowing that I must be delusional in my exhaustion when I watch Zeke’s hand tighten in mine. I squeeze back and he holds the squeeze as best he can. I bring a hand up to my hair, feeling his fingers in the strands. I untangle them on a sob and sit up, finding Zeke’s blue eyes.
I start crying hysterically, bringing the nurses in. When they see his eyes open, one checks his vitals while the other calls the doctors. All the while, Zeke’s eyes never leave mine.
The commotion increases when Zeke’s family appears, staring at him in shock but staying back, allowing the nurses to do their jobs and then the doctor. 
A couple hours later, after several scans, we get a report. “Looks like he’s doing good,” the doctor says. “Vitals are stable. No sign of brain damage. We’ll look at taking his intubation out soon,” he nods and smiles as he touches Zeke’s foot causing it to jerk, then repeats it with the other one, “Good,” he murmurs. “I’ll be back.
Zeke’s going to be alright. Then I black out.






Chapter 20

Zeke



I’m currently sitting up in my hospital bed, waiting for an update and bored out of my mind. Dylan had to go home shortly after I woke up because of Mason. I’ve Facetimed them almost every night, except for the ones where I’m sleeping, but I normally send a text when I wake up in the middle of the night. 
Doesn’t change the fact that I miss her and Mason. I haven’t asked her to bring him yet, because seeing me is hard enough on a camera, can you imagine what it would be like if he saw me in person? 
I’m scrolling through the TV channels when my mom walks in. “Hey Honey,” she smiles, but that drops as she looks around. “I thought Dylan was going to come by today?”
I shrug my shoulders, “I don’t know what she’s doing. I haven’t talked to her since yesterday morning.” Just so you know, yes, I’m pouting. “Any luck with Daisy?” I ask hopefully. At my mom’s headshake, my worries increase. Daisy can’t survive out there. And it’s my fault.
“I’m sure she’ll be found soon,” my mom says with a halfhearted smile.
I look at her and just stare, and she starts to fidget. “Mom, you know as well as I do that it would be rare for that to happen. It’s been almost two weeks.” I hit the bed, “How am I going to tell Mason?”
My mom comes to the side of my bed. “You know, one of the hardest things I ever had to do was tell you when Ranger died.” 
Ranger was my mutt dog I got when I was in sixth grade. I had him throughout the rest of my school years, and on into my joining the service. I was doing a training exercise in BFE when my mom called to tell me that Ranger had an aggressive cancer and that nothing could be done. He was suffering and she made the decision to have him put down. This was before I was sent on that last fateful deployment where I would come into contact with the stupid IED.
“Want to know something Mom?”
“What Honey?”
“I always thought Ranger got cancer because he wouldn’t want to see my injured. I know whenever I was hurt, he was too. And I knew the day you put him down that something had changed.”
She’s nodding her head, tears in her eyes, “You always did have a way with feeling the force,” she laughs.
I shrug my shoulder, “Ranger was a good dog.”
“That he was. Worshipped the ground you walked on.”
“Yeah,” and we fall into a comfortable silence.
After a while, my mom opens up, “when do you think you’ll ask her?”
I don’t even try to act dumb, “when I’m out of here and healthy.”
“Your father and I like her.”
“I knew you would.”
“She’s strong. And her little boy is adorable.”
“You’ve met Mason?” I ask in confusion.
“Only over the phone. He sure does miss you. Your father and I have told him a couple of stories about you,” she warns with a smile.
“I can imagine,” I look around. “I can’t wait to get out of here.”
“I’m sure it’s only a matter of days,” she pats my hand. “What are you going to do then?”
“Go home,” I say wistfully.
“So, about that…”
“Oh, no. What?” I lean my head back on the pillows.
“Your father and I found a new house.”
“You’re moving?”
“Sort of?”
“Alright…,” I wait for her to explain further, and she doesn’t disappoint.
“We’re keeping the house in Dallas. It’s the house you kids grew up in and it’s big enough to fit everyone during the holidays.” At my nod she drops the bombshell, “we bought a house in Granbury.”
“What? Why?”
She looks at me like I’m a dumbass. “All three of you kids are there now. Izzy’s not going to leave. And now I know you won’t leave because of Dylan and Mason. And Roni…”
“Yeah,” I say nodding my head. “Where’s this house located?”
“Oh, it’s just the cutest!” my mom gets excited. “We’ve already met our neighbors, the Marin’s. They have two children-,” and I cut her off.
“Sage and Mary. Both married, Sage to Ollie the police officer and Mary to Noelle and they have two kids, Quinn and Madison.”
“How do you know that?”
“Quinn is Mason’s best friend,” I laugh.
“Ah. So, my understanding is that we would be around five minutes from everything correct?”
“Pretty much.”
“Good, good. We’ll be close then in case you need us.”
“Why would I need you?”
“Sweetie don’t be stupid. Once you’re back, you and Dylan will want some alone time at some point. We can take Mason if need be.”
“Mom, stop planning so far in advance. I don’t even know what Dylan’s thinking. Hell, she hasn’t contacted me in over a day.”
“Have faith. I do,” she smiles widely.
“Do you know something I don’t?” I ask her suspiciously.
“No. Why? Do you know something I don’t?” she repeats back at me. “What on earth is that noise?” she gets up and walks to the door in confusion.
I focus on the sound, “Daisy?” I whisper.
“What was that Zeke?”
“It’s Daisy,” I say with a smile.
“Zeke!”
“Mason! Be quiet! You’re in a hospital and people are trying to rest!”
“Mason!” I call out, sitting up in bed. “Mason!”
All of a sudden, my arms are filled with a boy and his dog. Not ashamed to admit, I’m crying, Mason’s crying, and I’m sure Dylan and my mom are. I smell Dylan’s scent as she sits on the bed next to me, her arms coming around all of us and we sit like that, just holding each other.
“Are you alright Zeke?” Mason asks when he pulls back.
“I am now Buddy,” and I pull him close again. “I missed you so much!”
“We missed you too.”
Daisy takes the opportunity to lick my face. “Where was she?” I ask quietly.
Dylan looks over her shoulder and I see my dad, “I found Daisy on the side of the road.” I suck in my breath, looking at the dog and running my hands over her. “She’s fine now,” my father continues. “She had gotten hit by a car at some point, but it wasn’t bad thankfully. The only issue when I found her was a slight limp and she was dehydrated and malnourished.”
“When did you find her?”
“Several days ago,” and when I go to say something my dad continues, “I didn’t want to say anything until I knew for sure. We just sprung her from the vet today,” he finishes with a smile. “Mason and her have been playing a lot since we found her.”
I look at Dylan in confusion, “Where have you been staying?”
She nods at my parents, “They’re house since yesterday morning. But I was driving Mason up just to see Daisy every day since she was found.” She leans forward and whispers, “I like your bed, it’s nice and big.”
I lean back and look at her before kissing her. “I’ve missed you.”
“We’ve missed you. Had to get some stuff figured out and ready, so I’ve been busy,” the smile Dylan gives me is gorgeous. “Guess what?” she asks mischievously.
“What?” I smile at her.
“It’s my turn to take care of you now.”
I groan and laugh, “You can take care of me anytime you like.”
My dad clears his throat, “I don’t think this is something that Mason, your mother, or I for that matter should be hearing. Mason? How about we go get a snack?”
Mason looks at my dad before turning to me, “You’ll be alright?”
I squeeze Dylan next to me, “I’m perfect.”
Mason looks between us, then he nods his head and smiles, “Alright. Let’s go Daisy!” and he’s out the door with my parents following behind him laughing softly.
“Your parents are great,” Dylan says still looking at the door.
“Yeah, they are, but you know what’s better?”
She looks at me, “What?”
“You,” I grab her and pull her down next to me, wrapping an arm around her as she settles her head on my shoulder. Her hand falls on my stomach where she plays with my shirt. 
“So, I was thinking that maybe you should move in with me and Mason,” Dylan says into my chest.
“You do, do you?” I murmur.
Her head nods, but she doesn’t say anything. I tug back on her hair so that I can see her face. “Why?” I ask quietly.
“Someone needs to watch over you since you can’t do it yourself obviously,” she waves her hand around my hospital room.
I chuckle before sobering up, “Dylan, I can’t move in only to move back out. Understand?”
“Yes, I do,” and she looks like she’s about to say something when she closes her mouth and rests her head on my shoulder again.
“What were you going to say?” I ask, kissing the top of her head.
I get a shrug of her shoulders in response.
“Dylan, talk to me.”
“I want you to move in with us. Me and Mason that is,” she says.
“Why?”
I can feel her eyes roll, “Because we love you and miss you and you belong with us.”
“I love you guys too,” I hug her.
“Did you tell him Mom?” Mason comes in eating an ice cream cone.
“Tell me what?” I look at him with an expectant look.
“Mason-,”
“We moved all your stuff to our house. You’re going to be living with us!”
I sit up as much as I can, dragging Dylan up with me. “Up Daisy,” I pat the bed on my other side. I don’t want to be apart from her knowing what she went through. My hand rests on her head, petting her. “So, you moved all my stuff over huh?”
“Yep! It was fun! I got to move stuff around! I saw some of your old uniforms!”
I laugh, “Yeah, they’re cool huh?” and Mason nods his head, still devouring his ice cream cone. “Mom?”
“Yes?” she looks at me questioningly.
“So, I have this problem.”
“Hmmm, alright?”
“I love this woman, probably fell in love with her on Halloween,” Dylan’s head jerks up and I can see how red she is. “Anyways, she’s asked me to live in sin with her. What do you think?”
She nods her head, “If you love her, go for it. Your father and I lived together for five years before we even got engaged,” she smiles at me and winks at Dylan.
“Mom,” I groan, “Too much.”
“It’s life,” she shrugs. “They were some of the best years of our lives,” she smiles at my father who smiles back.
“And here I figured getting married and having kids were the best,” I say dryly.
“Oh no, definitely not. That was a punishment compounded by having some of the smartest and easy-going kids ever.”
“What do you think Dad?”
“Is Mason included?”
“Of course he is!” I narrow my eyes at him.
“Then do it. I’d move in just for Mason,” he smiles at the boy, leaning forward to ruffle his hair and gets a smile in response.
I look at Dylan, “I guess it’s been decided.”
“You’re moving in?”
“Well, it seems like I’ve already moved in,” I smile before kissing her, quickly taking it deep and vaguely hearing Mason make gag noises. 



“Alright, looks like I’m home,” I smile as I limp into Dylan’s house. Mason’s at school and Dylan picked me up today as soon as I was released from the hospital.
“Yeah,” Dylan says, nibbling her lip.
I sigh, because can I not get a break? Looking at the ceiling, I pray for patience and the will to do what’s right by Dylan when I look at her. “Dylan, I’ll call Seb, Izzy, Roni, anyone, and I can be out of here in probably ten minutes.”
“You’d do that?”
I pull out my phone, getting ready to do a group text, when Dylan snatches my phone and throws it on the counter. “Come on soldier boy,” she says with a smile, leading me to her, our room.
“Dylan, I need you to be sure. If you’re not this isn’t going to work.”
Once in my room, she pushes me to sit on the bed, “I just spent two weeks stressed, worried sick beyond belief, alternately crying and laughing hysterically in between all that.” She looks up at me, “You know what I realized?”
“No,” I murmur, brushing her hair out of her eyes.
“I love you Zeke. I kept us apart because I was scared. I don’t want to be that person. I don’t want Mason to see that kind of person. I want to do this,” she says fiercely.
“Hey Dyl?” I ask lazily.
She’s taking my shoes off, “Yes?”
“Can you try not to make moving in with me sound like you’re going to war? It really hurts my ego when you do that.”
“What?”
“Ego. Boost mine up. Don’t tear it down,” I laugh as I pick her up and lean back on the bed, dragging her on top of me. “I can’t move much because of my hip, but we can do some other things,” I say before kissing her deeply.
“Other things hmm? Like what?” her hands sneak under my shirt as my hands go to grab her ass pulling her into me as I thrust up against her.
“How about we call it wrestling, only you get to win,” I smile against her lips.
“I get to win at wrestling?”
“Sure, I can let you win this one time,” I say as my hands dive into the back of her pants, palming her fine ass. I spread her legs more so that she’s straddling me, bring her pussy directly over my hard cock, and she purposefully rubs against me.
Groaning, Dylan starts to pull my shirt up my chest, and when I go to help her take it off, she just pulls it over my face, leaving it there tucked behind the back of my head. My hands come back down to her hips straining the shirt but leaving it in place. “What’s going on?” I ask, hearing the huskiness in my voice.
“I want to see and I want you to focus on feeling,” Dylan whispers close to my ear before she begins to leave a trail of kisses down my neck, where she spends a little bit of time around my chest and nipples before I feel/hear her drop between my legs and follow my happy trail to where my shorts are. 
“You sure are big, aren’t you?” I hear her smile. I hear some movement but not sure what I’m hearing. 
“Dylan?”
“Shhh. Remember it’s my turn to have fun.” For some reason this helps me relax even though I feel like I should be worried. “It’s been a while hasn’t it?” She says as she unbuttons my shorts, her short nails trailing over the ridge of my cock as it appears. “Commando I see,” she murmurs.
I shrug, “I wanted to be ready for anything.”
“I can see that,” then she grabs my pants, “Lift.” I do as she says, and she leaves me laying there with my pants around my ankles. She’s just out of my reach unless I sit up, her hands are rubbing my thighs, and I can feel her lean forward and kiss now and then. As she works her way closer to cock, my hands strain toward her. 
“You want to touch me?” she asks huskily.
My hands clench into fists, “Yes.”
“You’ve been showing considerable restraint,” she says aloud.
“I have yes,” I groan as I feel her breath on my cock. My hips thrust up as if they have a mind of their own.
“Or maybe you want me to touch you some more?” Something wet swipes up the ridge of my cock and I shudder.
“How about both?” I say panting.
A soft hand completely encloses my cock, moving up and down in a firm grip. My eyes roll in the back of my head, and I arch my back while I thrust into her hand. “Dylan. It’s been a while,” I plead with her.
“I know,” I hear the sweetness in her voice. 
I can’t take much more. I sit up, grabbing her hair in one of my hands while the other grabs my cock, and I drag her face over and on it. I hear her choke while I start to literally fuck her face. “Damn Dylan, you can be such a tease,” I growl when she starts blowing me on her own. My hands trail down to her shoulders and on to her back, touching only skin. “Oh my God Dyl,” I whisper as I grab her arms and drag her up my body. I groan as I feel complete nakedness from her, and I quickly move her to straddle me before grabbing her hips and rubbing her pussy, which I’ll say is pretty damn wet, all over my cock.
“Zeke,” she whimpers, and I feel her leaning back to get a better angle and she speeds up her movements. I’m breathless, and I want to watch her come all over my cock, but I’m waiting for her to do something. What I have no clue.
Until she does it.
In one movement, she grabs my cock and slams, yes literally slams her body on mine. I feel her orgasm immediately, not to mention hear it. “Zeke!”
I bring my arms up and pull my shirt the rest of the way off. “Damn Dylan, you’re sexy,” I say as I see the flush on her neck and breasts. I each up and pinch her nipples, using them to bring her face down to me where I kiss her. My arms wrap around her, “I’m not ever gonna let you go,” as I start thrusting up into her, holding her pressed to me, chest to chest.
“Please don’t,” she replies as her hands come under my shoulders, further holding her in place as I take her body. I grab her ass pulling her against me as I thrust, getting more movement.
“Almost there,” I grunt in her ear. She places a kiss on my neck before biting it. Then she stills and lets out a low wail I guess is what it is as her body tightens up. Her pussy grips my cock in a death grip, forcing me over the edge and I come inside her with a roar.
We’re panting on the bed a couple of minutes later, Dylan still on top of me when I push her hair out of my way. “Well, that was a welcome home I can get on board with,” I smile.
I get a smile in return, “Me too,” she says. “Now let’s go shower!” She crawls off me and sends me a seductive look. I feel my body react and sure enough, when I look down at my cock, it’s already ready to go again.
I stand up, putting me close to her as I lean down to take my shoes and shorts completely off. “You ready for round two?”
She nods her head in response.
“Thank God, because we got a lot of catching up to do!” I say as I pick her up and throw her over my shoulder into the bathroom.
Best welcome home ever!!!





Chapter 21

Dylan



I’m feeling on edge today for some reason. I haven’t felt this way since my first roller derby competition a couple years ago. Back then I had a completely different team. We didn’t work as well as my current team does.
Something’s going to happen. Good or bad, I have no clue. But something is definitely in the air.
I walk into the kitchen, finding Mason and Zeke at the dining room table reading. This has become a daily thing between the two in an effort to get Mason reading more. The two of them read for an hour then they go play outside or on a game console, but only after Zeke asks questions about what Mason read and they were answered correctly. 
Quietly, I go about making myself and Zeke some tea and Mason a glass of juice before walking to the back porch and relaxing. After a while, my two guys come out back, Mason running into the yard with a football while Zeke sits next to me, setting his tea on the table between us. 
“You doing alright?” Zeke asks reaching for my hand. I’m jealous because he seems so relaxed while I’m…here.
“Yes, I think so.”
“Ready for this?”
“Yeah I am.”
“You’re going up against the bitch who fucked your ankle up,” he says, his eyes not leaving Mason even as his thumb runs over my knuckles.
“I know,” and I don’t like that thought at all. Bitch deserves to pay.
“Well, Mason and I will be there cheering you on.”
I smile at him and squeeze his hand, “Good. I need all the cheering I can get.”
“We’re here,” he squeezes my hand back, “When are you leaving?”
“In about an hour.”
Zeke’s head is nodding, “Good,” he murmurs. Then he turns to face me, “I love you.”
I smile at him, “I love you too.”
We sit back and watch Mason as he throws a football into a net, aiming it perfectly every time. After a while Zeke gets up and heads to Mason. They talk for a minute then Zeke moves to the net, taking it back further. Once he puts it down, he steps back, nods, does a wave at Mason before walking back up and sitting next to me while taking my hand back in his.
As his thumb strokes across my knuckles, I sigh. Really this has been great.
“Want to talk about what’s going through that pretty brain of yours?” Zeke asks.
“Just how happy I am,” I say as I take a drink of my now cold tea.
“So am I,” he smiles at me before leaning forward and kissing me. “Looks like it’s time for you to start getting ready,” he says as he leans back.
Groaning I lean back. “I just want to stay home with you two.” Yes, I’m pouting.
“Ah, but this is your chance to get back at that bitch since you won’t let me do anything,” he says with a smile. “I’m looking forward to see you kick ass,” he squeezes my hand.
I sigh, because really. “Why must you tempt me?”
“It’s just to kick ass Gorgeous. You got this,” he nods his head. “Mason and I’ll meet you there later on.”
“Fine,” I grumble while getting up.
Zeke covers a laugh while he takes me in a hug and kisses me lightly on the lips. “I’m gonna go play catch with Mason,” and when I go to interrupt, he holds up a hand, “if I see you in your roller derby costume I’m never going to let you leave the room.”
I look at him with a spark in my eyes, “that can be arranged,” I tease as I place a hand on his chest. But he steps back. 
“No ma’am,” he turns me toward the door and smacks me on my ass, “Go get your fine ass ready. We’re meeting you there.”
“Fine,” I continue to pout as I walk into the house and on through to our room. 
Would it really hurt if he came and kept me company while I got ready? Then I hear the sound of his and Mason’s laughter and realized something.
Yes, yes it would hurt.



“Somebody needs to get that bitch off my ass or else she’ll be taking my other ankle out,” I say breathlessly while taking a drink of water. 
“I got her,” Logan says.
“Why can’t I be in?” Ethan says.
“Because I’m playing today,” I say snidely.
“Dyl, I need a break,” Aubrey says. “Ethan can take my spot for the last jam.”
“Are you alright?” Marley asks in concern.
“Yeah, just a headache,” she responds.
“So, whose gonna get the bitch back for what she did to Dylan?” Roni asks, her hands rubbing together.
We all look at Roni. She’s changed so much, no longer the scary Goth chick on our team. She looks so innocent, and there’s a sadness in her eyes still. It looks like she’s lost her edge.
Ethan steps forward again, “I am.”
“Whatever,” I say. “Let’s just do this so we can win. Lone Star Honeys on me,” I say as I put my hand in the middle with everyone else following suit and we yell our team name together.
I stay back for a second before grabbing Ethan, “Keep her ass off me.”
“Gotcha sis,” he says with a smile before turning concerned eyes to Aubrey. 
I slap him, “Dude, I need you in the game! Worry about Aubrey later.” It’s at this point that Marley skates by, glaring at Ethan who glares back. I don’t have time for their bullshit.
“Go Mom!” I hear Mason yell, and I turn to wave in his direction with a smile before focusing on the jam.
We get in position and the jam starts. I’m staying in the lead, and as a team we’re passing up the other team so much there’s no way they can make up for it. Ethan’s keeping the bitch off my back, allowing me to do what I need to in order to guarantee a win. 
Trash talk is flowing, and I think I hear a snarl, but I stay focused and keep going.
Next thing I know, the whistle is blowing. On our skates, my team and I are celebrating and hugging each other. I look up in time to see Ethan kiss Marley and get slapped in return for it. I don’t have time for their shenanigans. Logan jumps up to me and hugs me, “We did it Dylan!”
Smiling I hug her back before turning to find Roni looking at me. More like a glare. Then Izzy joins her and two of the same faces looking at me is disturbing. “Don’t hurt him,” Roni says, and Izzy nods her head.
I know immediately they’re talking about Zeke, and I start to look for him while saying to them, “I won’t,” I promise, and I smile when I see him pushing between people to get to me. 
“Mom! You were awesome!” Mason says as he throws his arms around me in a huge hug making me laugh.
“Oh, I don’t think I was that good,” I say drily.
Zeke leans over and kisses me when Mason moves, “You were great.”
“Yeah, yeah, alright. I’m awesome,” I say with a smile.
“Hey everyone! We’re going to Izzy’s for an after party!” Roni calls out. I look at Izzy whose smiling while Nelson’s head is thrown back like he’s in pain. I watch him mumble something to Izzy who says something back that causes him to smile before he drags her out of the rink.
I turn to Zeke to find him glaring at Roni who smiles at him and shrugs her shoulders before turning and walking out. 
“What’s going on?” I ask him in concern.
Zeke blows out a breath, “Nothing. My sister’s a pain is all,” then he levels a smile on me. “Let’s go get you cleaned up,” he says as he grabs my hand.
“Hey Zeke?” Mason stops us.
Zeke turns to him, “What’s up Buddy?”
“Can I go to Quinn’s?”
“Oh Sweetie, I didn’t think to ask. I don’t know if they’re home,” I say in apology. “You don’t want to come celebrate with us?”
“Eh, it’s an adult thing,” he shrugs.
Zeke pulls out his phone, “I’ll ask Mary,” he says sending a quick text before he turns to study Mason whose watching him back. 
“Is there something going on here that I don’t know about?” I ask, my eyes darting between them.
Mason turns to look at me before sending pleading eyes to Zeke. Now I’m really worried. Still in my skates, I cross my arms over my chest and watch Mason. Waiting.
“Zeke,” Mason whispers getting closer to him making me raise my eyebrows in concern.
“Buddy, we talked about this. I thought we had a plan,” he whispers to Mason before shooting a smile at me and turning his back to me, blocking my view of Mason.
“Zeke,” I interrupt after a moment.
I’m ignored.
“Zeke,” I skate closer and tap him on the shoulder. I feel him tense, and now I’m even more worried. I grab his shoulder, pulling him off his center, “Zeke!”
Zeke moves out of my way to show me Mason crying. I look at Zeke with a glare before going to my son, “Mason? What’s going on?”
“I gotta ask you something Mom.” I hear Zeke blow out a breath behind me and I shoot a glare at him. He’s never been like this with Mason.
Turning my focus back to Mason I push his hair out of his face, “What’s wrong Sweetie?” I say with a soft smile.
Mason looks around, and I follow his eyes, noting that everyone is still here. Even Izzy and Nelson are back. And everyone’s watching us. Focusing back on Mason, he’s digging around in his pants. “Mason,” I ask in concern. “Are you alright?”
Mason finally smiles at me, holding his hand out to me. I look at him in confusion before taking what’s in his hand. When I look at it, I gasp and shoot my eyes to Zeke, who had moved to stand behind Mason, his hand on Mason’s shoulders in support. 
“Mom?”
I swallow, “Yeah Sweetie?”
“Will you marry Zeke?”
The silence is deafening, as I hear no one breathing, but sense people moving in closer to hear what’s happening. I nibble my lips, my eyes not leaving Mason. “Do you…,” I have to repeat myself, “do you want me to marry Zeke?” I feel the tears starting.
Mason merely nods his head, not saying a word.
“Do you love Zeke?” I ask him softly. Again, a nod in response. I smile, “I love him too.”
“I know you do,” Mason tells me.
“You know this means that it would no longer be just you and me, right?”
“Yes.”
I look up at Zeke, but keep talking to Mason, “We may have children. They would be your brothers or sisters.”
“I can teach them football or even skating and protect them,” Mason says in all seriousness, causing several chuckles from our audience.
I smile and figure I should address Zeke sort of. “Mason, I would marry Zeke in a heartbeat, but there’s one problem.”
Mason’s eyes narrow as he thinks, “What?”
“He hasn’t asked me,” I say softly with a smile even though I know I’m holding my engagement ring.
Mason turns around and looks at Zeke, “You said this was how it was done.”
“I thought it was,” Zeke says. “I’ll fix this.” He walks up to me and grabs me around the waist, and my hands come up and hold his upper arms. 
“Dylan.”
I lick my lips, “Zeke?”  
“I love you.”
“I love you too.”
“I love Mason.”
“I love you too Zeke!” Mason yells, making everyone laugh.
“At the risk of sounding cheesy, you complete me,” and I roll my eyes at his statement, but he continues. “I knew you were it on Halloween and I ran. Somehow though,” he pushes my hair out of the way, “we kept finding out way back to each other. I want to fall asleep next to you in the evenings and wake up in the mornings with you in my arms.” I go to interrupt, but Zeke shakes his head. “I want to keep training dogs, and I want to teach Mason everything I know.” 
“Zeke?”
“No wait, there’s more,” he goes to continue but I put my finger on his lips. 
“Yes.”
“Yes?”
I smile at him, “Yes.”
Zeke takes a minute to think before the biggest smile on his face appears and he grabs me and kisses me to cheers around us, and I think I hear Roni mumble, “Thank God. Bout time.”





Epilogue

Zeke



“A girl.”
“Yes, we’re having a girl.”
“A girl,” I say, my hands shaking as I rub them down my face before leaning back on the bench Dylan and I sit on by the gazebo in the town square. It’s summer in Granbury and it’s hot, even in the shade where we’re sitting. We’ve been married for two months, but apparently, I got Dylan pregnant shortly before getting married. We decided before knowing that we wanted to be married as soon as possible so we made a mad dash to Vegas with Mason. And now we’re pregnant.
Dylan laughs next to me, “A girl.”
“A girl Dylan. We’re having a girl,” I bring my head down while releasing the breath I’m holding to look at Dylan whose smiling.
“Nothing wrong with a girl,” Dylan shrugs leaning over to pet Sasha. Sasha goes everywhere with Dylan now. She wants nothing to do with me. If Dylan gives her a command she does it.
“Have you looked in the mirror!?”
Dylan tilts her head toward me in confusion. “What does that have anything to do with us having a girl?”
“You’re gorgeous! Can you imagine what our daughter will look like?” I’m starting to panic. I can’t handle being a dad.
“Zeke,” Dylan grabs my face, “look at me.” When I focus on her, she says, “breathe with me.” We take a couple of deep breaths together, and when I’m calm, I drag her onto my lap and dig my face into her neck.
“Zeke, it’s not that big a deal.”
“I’m gonna have to buy a gun,” then I look down at Sasha, “or get a bigger dog.”
Dylan’s laughs again, “A bigger dog definitely.” Then she quiets as I place my hand on her rounded stomach. “Are you ready for this?” she asks in concern.
I think about it for a second and respond, “Is anyone ever ready for a child?”
When she shrugs, I pull her closer. “I’m just scared. Worried.”
“We’ll be fine,” Dylan says with a smile. “Look how good you are with Mason.”
“Mason’s almost twelve. And a boy. That’s easy.”
“So, you change it up for our daughter. Tea Parties and Dress Up.”
“Can I see if she’s interested in football at all?”
“Sure,” she shrugs at me with a smile. “I played soccer when I was in school.”
“Soccer,” I murmur. “I can do that,” I nod to myself. The sound of a phone distracts me, and I watch as Dylan pulls her phone out, smiling when she sees who it is.
“Hello!” she answers excitedly.
“No, we’re at the gazebo.”
She looks at me, analyzing me, “He’s alright.”
“Shock, yes,” she laughs. I humph at this because she isn’t taking this seriously. We’re having a girl!
“Alright, see you in a bit,” she disconnects the call and turns to look at me. “We’re going to be fine Zeke,” she places her hand against my chest.
“We need a bigger house,” I grumble.
“We have time” she shrugs.
“How can you say that woman! We have to find a house, move, paint, get a bunch of nursery stuff,” I know I’m panicking when I look at her. “What all does a baby need?”
“Lots of stuff but not near as much as you’re thinking,” Dylan says dryly as she texts someone. I try to look, but she leans away from me.
“I love you,” I tell her with a kiss. “I’m glad we’re having a baby.”
“I love you too,” and then she makes it worse, “and I hope our little girl slowly drives you crazy.”
I laugh, “she probably will, but I know something you don’t.”
“What’s that?”
“You already drive me crazy, so I’ve had plenty of training,” I waggle my brows at her sending her laughing.
We’re sitting there on the bench, eyes closed enjoying each other when I hear a footstep and lots of whispering. “Whoever it is, go away,” I say pulling Dylan closer.
Next thing I know I’m jumping to my feet, almost dropping Dylan before I catch her. Poppers are going off, people are hooting and hollering, whistling, and there’s pink everywhere.
So, Dylan made me watch a Julia Roberts movie, Steel Magnolias. One of the best lines in the movie is Sally Field saying, "That sanctuary looks like it's been hosed down with Pepto-Bismol.” The group in front of us looks like a congrats baby version. And I’m cringing. 
“There’s so much pink,” Dylan whispers at me in awe.
I look at her in horror, “we don’t have to do the room in pink do we?” I feel hives starting to break out across my body. 
All Dylan does is shake her head as we watch everyone setting up tables and chairs and all kinds of food in the gazebo itself. “What’s happening?” I ask.
Roni turns to me, “Baby shower idiot,” and she pulls Dylan away with her. I really look at Roni then. She looks beautiful, but with that air of sadness still. There’s not a single trace of Goth around her, and she wears jeans and t-shirts a lot, which still shows a lot of skin. I look up and see our cousins watching her, so I go up to them.
“Have you found something?” I ask them without saying anything else.
Garrett and Barrett share a look before looking at me and nodding. That’s it.
“Want to share?”
“Not yet. But we found him.”
“You can’t just lay that info out there and not say anything more,” I say fiercely. “This is Roni we’re talking about! She needs to move on!”
“There’s a problem though,” Garrett says.
“What’s the problem?”
“From what we can tell, he’s going to be coming back at some point. We just don’t know when.”
“Shit,” I say softly.
“Yeah, so we’re just watching and waiting,” Barrett says. “In the meantime, we got a house here and plan to -,” 
“Wait, what?” I ask.
“We’re moving here.”
I look around, spotting my parents, and I run my hands through my hair, “Is the entire family moving here?”
They both smile, “Looks that way. We’re also opening up a shop here. Anna’s moving down in the next couple weeks.”
At that, I turn to look for Seb. Anna and his fiancée Kari Lynn were best friends. Spotting him, I leave my cousins, “Let me know if you need anything.” I start walking toward Seb when I’m distracted.
“Ouch! What was that for?” I turn to look for who was complaining and spot Ethan and Marley.
“You know what it was for! Stop being a jerk!”
“I’m the jerk? Since when?”
“Stay away from Aubrey and me!”
“You live in my house!”
“Well, we’ll…we’ll find somewhere else to live!”
“Marley, it’s fine,” Aubrey interrupts.
“No, it’s not! I’m tired of mixed signals!”
Aubrey glares, “Not here.” That’s when Marley looks around and blushes. 
“She really is hot, isn’t she?” Garrett asks.
“What? Who?” I ask coming back to the twins.
Garrett nods at Aubrey, “Her. Too bad she’s so…so…”
“Her boyfriend abused her. What did you expect?”
“And you came riding in like a hero to save her I heard,” Barrett says distractedly.
“I wouldn’t say I did that,” I begin, and that’s when I notice Barrett looking at Logan.
“Barrett, you got something we should know?”
“What?” he turns to look at me, “What are you talking about?” 
When I nod at Logan, Barrett says, “I don’t know man.”
I can only warn him, “If you hurt her, I will beat you to a pulp.” I feel my hands fist at my sides.
The twins look at each other before Garrett slaps me on the back, “You’re gonna make a great dad, you know that?”
I look at him warily, “Why do you say that?”
“You’re protective of those you care about and in turn who they care about,” he nods at Aubrey, Marley, and Ethan who are still arguing. “I can tell you want to go over and fix whatever’s going on with those three.”
I breathe out before saying, “I do.” Then I look around, finding Dylan on the other side of the Gazebo with Logan. Catching her eye, I smile getting one in return.
“You know what guys?” I say turning back to them.
“What?”
“I’m gonna need your help.”
“With what?” They ask uneasily.
“I’m gonna get a bigger house, and you’re gonna help me paint it.”
“Oh. That’s easy enough.”
“Good,” I murmur still watching Dylan.
I’m gonna paint that house pink.



What did you think of Red Hot Mama?

First of all, thank you for purchasing Red Hot Mama. I know you could have picked any number of books to read, but you picked this one and for that I am extremely grateful

If you enjoyed this book and found some benefit in reading this, please leave a review!

Don’t forget to check out the next book in the Lone Star Honeys Series:
Hit It & Quit It

Also be sure to check out my other FREE series starter:
Want - Deja Brew

Thank you!

Reagan McDaniels


Hit It & Quit It
A Lone Star Honeys Novel

Available at all major online retailers
Hit It & Quit It

Keep Reading for a Sneak Peek!!!








Chapter 1

Marley



“I need to get laid. Let’s go to Crockett’s.”
“You always need to get laid,” my best friend Aubrey Evans says laughing. Aubrey’s gorgeous, but when she laughs, she becomes…spectacular is a good word. Long brown hair, brown eyes, and almost always smiling. In my experience, she’s every guy’s dream girl. On the shorter side, she definitely appeals to a man’s need to protect.
We’re sitting at our friend Logan’s apartment that she shares with a teammate of ours, Roni. And we’re bored. As always.
“I just got a text from Dylan. Want to go have dinner at my parents?” Logan asks walking in. Logan has long red hair that’s normally in a braid and pale skin with bright green eyes. There’s a smattering of freckles across her nose that she wrinkles up frequently.
“I’m in,” Aubrey smiles.
“But I want to go to the bar,” I whine.
“How about we go meet Logan’s family, then we can go to Crockett’s and you can get laid.”
“Fine,” I mumble getting up. “But we’re going in separate cars so you and I can take off after dinner.”
“Sweet! Follow me!” Logan says in excitement. She’s got this look in her eye that makes me worried. 
I probably should have known what was going on. Logan’s brother is back home, and she hasn’t seen him for a long time. She likes how guys react to Aubrey’s looks, so here we are at dinner. 
And Ethan is hot.
Looking down the table, I see his father which he shares a lot of his looks with. Tall and lean, strong jaw. Glasses. His coloring he and his sisters obviously get from their mother with red hair and green eyes. But he only has eyes for Aubrey, just like every other guy we come across. He could barely get a hello out he’s so awestruck by her. And Aubrey? She just blushes and giggles. Luckily, Dylan’s son Mason is there to point out the obvious during dinner.
“Uncle Ethan?” Mason asks.
“Yes Mason?” Ethan responds, his green eyes never leaving Aubrey. I have never in my life wanted a guy to notice me over Aubrey before today. My hand tightens on my fork, and I glare at him. Why do people only see Aubrey and never me? I love Aubrey, she’s my sister from another mister and mother and whatnot, but still. It’d be nice to be noticed first.
“Why are you staring at Aubrey?”
Ethan doesn’t say anything. I really want him to. He has a nice, deep voice. And his glasses are killing me. I’ve never had such a visceral reaction to anyone like this before. I want to lay Ethan out on the table and ride him. In the middle of my daydream of riding Ethan, Dylan interrupts.
“Wait a second,” she says, pointing at Aubrey, who’s already flushed from Mason’s comment. And the bitch looks prettier. My knuckles are like a bright white, my hand is squeezing my fork so tightly. Dylan continues, “You know all the local animal shelters, right?”
“Yes, why?” 
“Zeke,” she nods her head and pulls out her phone. 
“What about Zeke?” Logan asks. Zeke’s a hot piece that wants Dylan and she wants him, but whatever is happening between them I have no clue. I need to focus more on the conversation rather than my fantasy of sex with Ethan, especially with his parents at the table.
“He’s looking for a dog that will get along with Sasha,” Dylan says of a dog Zeke’s training.
“I thought that was what Daisy was for?” 
“No, they don’t mesh well,” she muses to herself.
“Honey, please stop playing with your phone,” her mom interrupts.
“I’m almost done, I promise,” she says before turning to Aubrey with a smile. “I’m sending Zeke your info Aubrey. You’re going to help him find a dog that gets along with Sasha.”
“Oh, um, alright.”
“You like dogs?” That would be Ethan finally coming out of his stupor. And, of course, he remains focused on Aubrey. Jackass. If one paid attention, you could probably smell how turned I am by him.
“I like all animals and I want to help as many as possible,” Aubrey says with a nod.
“Huh. That’s cool.” Anything Aubrey does is cool to guys. 
“Yeah, I guess,” Aubrey says still blushing. Damn she’s so pretty.
I’ve had enough. “She has a boyfriend,” I snarl. I may not like her boyfriend Kyle, but if it helps me, I’ll use it.
Ethan nods his head in response, but his eyes never leave Aubrey, frustrating me even more. I’m normally an easy-going person, rolling with the punches and all that. But this? Ethan? It bothers me for some reason.
“Your mother said to put your phone up Dylan,” her father says.
“I promise, I’m almost done,” she says before putting her phone up and looking at her son Mason.
“Mom?”
“Yes Baby?”
“You alright?”
“I’m good. I just had to finish filling Zeke in so that Aubrey can help him.
“Alright,” and we all finish our meal. 
When we’re done, Aubrey and I make a quick getaway. I know I’ll never get Ethan’s attention after his reaction to Aubrey, nor do I want it now. He didn’t say a single word to me. In fact, he’s standing as close as he can to her. I glare at him, all while wishing he would just look at me one time. 
But it doesn’t happen.
We head to Crockett’s where we share a couple of drinks. My heart isn’t in getting laid now. All I can think about is Ethan and his green eyes and glasses. 
I want him.
And he wants Aubrey.



I can’t believe Kyle hit Aubrey. I knew something had changed in their relationship, but I didn’t know what. He’s cheated on her who knows how many times, including his sorry ass attempt to fuck me after crawling in my bed like he made a mistake, but hitting her?
That’s my friend, and no asshole is hitting her. My hands on the wheel of my Camaro, I speed down the freeway to Granbury where Zeke and Roni have taken Aubrey. I left work as soon as I got the text from Roni explaining what happened, so I’m still in work clothes. In other words, coveralls tied at my waist and a white tank top.
I should have been there for Aubrey! I can’t help but tense as I get closer to Granbury, wondering how Aubrey looks. Turning on the road I was told, I see her standing on the side of the road. I park my car in front of her, jump out, and pull her into my arms. 
“That asshole. You told me the last time was the last time!” I look around and spot the last person I expected to see. Ethan’s watching me, and not in any way I can identify. 
But he’s watching me.
Not Aubrey.
Marley.
“I know,” Aubrey says hugging me back.
I pull back to look at her, not bothering to hide my anger. “You done with his sorry ass?”
“Marley, it’s not that easy.”
We’ve had this conversation so many times before, so I know there’s only so much I can say. “I’m worried about you.” 
“I know.”
“Alright, well. I assume we’re staying above Deja Brew?”
Ethan clears his throat. “Actually, you’re staying with me.” He waves a hand to his house behind him. “There’s enough room so that you can each have your own room.”
“You have enough beds?” I ask doubtfully.
“Well, no, but I have blow up beds. They can work for now.”
“We’ll pay you rent until we leave.”
Ethan looks at me then his eyes shift to my Camaro. “I have a better idea.”
Oh, he better not, I think to myself as I glare at him. “You can’t have my car.”
“I don’t want your car. You’re a mechanic, right?”
“Yes,” I say slowly. 
“Maybe you could do some engine work on my Mustang during your down time while you’re here.”
“I could do that,” I agree. “Do you have all the parts?”
“I do. Everything’s in the garage.”
“Good. Deal,” and I raise my hand to shake his. “Let’s go inside and get ourselves situated.”
I wasn’t expecting the zap of electricity to streak through me when our hands met. I felt it down to my toes and spread everywhere through my body. Meanwhile Ethan smiles, looks down before clearing his throat and leading us inside.



“Mind if I join you?”
I’m sitting at the skate park, putting my inlines on, when the question is asked. I jerk my face up and see Ethan standing over me, the sun behind him. Instead of smiling a welcome, I do what I do best when it comes to him.
I glare.
“You can do whatever you want,” I say as I stand and start skating.
He catches up quickly, and we’re skating side by side in silence. Until he opens his mouth. “Why do you hate me?”
I come to an immediate stop, my mouth dropping open in shock as I turn to look at him. “I don’t hate you.”
He stops a couple feet from me. “What would you call it then?”
I look at him before just shaking my head and continuing to skate. Ethan keeps up with me easily and lets the silence last for a couple minutes before he asks another question.
“Why didn’t you come home last night?”
I jerk to a complete stop, glaring with all my might. “What business is it of yours?”
“I was worried,” he says as he reaches a hand up to my face. When I jerk back a frown crosses his face.
“You don’t have to be worried. I’m a big girl.”
He studies me for a minute before he responds. “You interest me Marley.”
“Well, you don’t interest me,” I glare at him.
“I think I do interest you.”
“You are not using me to get to Aubrey!”
He looks at me with shock in his gorgeous eyes and his mouth hanging open. “I would never…the thought never…I don’t…”
“Good!” I take off skating. I make it a short distance before my hand is grabbed and I’m stopped so fast that I almost fall forward. I’m saved by an arm around my waist that pulls me against a strong chest. 
“Ethan,” I say breathlessly.
“Marley?”
I look over my shoulder up at him in time to see his throat bob. “What?” I watch his mouth. His tongue comes out to wet his lips and I see the indecision there. “Just say it!”
“Could you please wear a bra!?”
“What?” I ask in confusion. “A bra? What does that have to do with anything?”
“I can see everything! Your piercings…”
I turn, noticing I’m still in his arms. “What about them?”
“I see them.”
“Ethan, I don’t care if they offend you. No one will make me change who or what I am.” With that, I skate off, leaving him standing there stupefied. He tried to say something, but I didn’t hear it, nor do I care.
I go out to Crockett’s later than night and find someone to hook up with. He’s a decent enough looking fellow. He got me off sort of. 
But I was left wanting more.
And I’m terrified there’s only one person who can fulfill me completely.
And he’s walking out to head to work as I walk in from my walk of shame. 
Damn it.

Want
A Deja Brew Novel

Available at all major online retailers for FREE:
Want

Keep Reading for a Sneak Peek!!!






Oliver

11 years ago



“Hey Sage, your brother home?” I ask as I walk up the porch steps to the Marin house. I come here frequently, as it’s like a second or third home to me, considering one of my best friends, Basil “Mary” Marin, lives here with his younger sister Sage. My other friend, Jake Williams, lives just down the road. At any point you can find all three of us at one of our homes, we’re that close. 
Of course, it helps that our parents are friends as well. Why you ask? I’ll tell you why. They each had two children, a boy and a girl, two years apart. The boys were all born within 6 months of each other, and the girls within 3 months. And yes, my sister Becca is one of Mary’s sister Sage’s best friends. Together with Noelle, Jake’s sister, they’re hell on wheels. At 14 years old, can you imagine the drama those three get into together. I won’t go any further, but it’s scary.
I had noticed Sage on the patio swing when I walked up, her legs drawn up with her arms around them and her face turned away from the road. At my question, she just swings her hand in the direction of the front door, saying nothing. I know there’s something wrong now. Sage has always been one to talk to me. Even when we were younger and I would chase her around, pulling her hair and everything, she would still talk to me. And when she and Becca got into baking, I made sure I was around. Not because of Sage, who can bake, but Becca’s baking is awesome. Talking to Sage Marin is a perk is all.
Looking through the front window really quick, I decide I have time and take a seat next to Sage. I got a couple of minutes before I need to pick Mary up to head to Jake’s anyways. As I sit next to her, I set the swing to rocking and keeping it going with my foot.
“What happened?” 
No response.
“Sage, you know it’s better to talk about it.”
She buries her face deeper into her crossed arms.
I sling my arm along the back of the swing and start playing with her dark hair. It’s long, normally hanging freely to her lower back in curls, but today it’s in one long rope of a braid over her shoulder. Grabbing the braid, I use the end to trace a trail along her cheek and neck, causing her to slap my hand away and glare at me with her steel blue eyes before turning her head back away. Continuing to play with the braid, I notice the scent of cherries. Sage smells like cherries. Huh, I’ve never noticed that before.
Leaning into her, I take a deep breath, inhaling her scent, and my sixteen-year-old body starts to respond. That’s been happening to me a lot more, especially now that I finally lost my virginity to Missy Rogers a couple months ago at her house when she should have been babysitting her little brother. Since then we’ve gotten together a couple more times, but I have a fascination with Sage, always have. Like they both have long dark hair, and a tall, slender build. 
But Sage, I can’t put my finger on it. If she’s near, I know it, almost like I’m in tune with her. Don’t even get me start on what happens when we’re at school! And my body is reacting to having her this close now, and she’s only 14! I swear a light breeze would get me hard at this point. 
I tug on her hair, and finally get her to turn toward me, allowing me to see her tearstained face. Ah fuck, what happened? “Sage, is everything ok? Your family…”
Sage’s blue eyes widen, and she immediately says “No! They’re fine. Just go inside and leave me alone.”
Frowning, because I know better, I ask, “Where’s Bobby at?”
“Bobby who?” 
Well this can’t be good. “Your boyfriend, that little prick Bobby that none of us likes, including your friends, but we put up with him for you.”
“I don’t have a boyfriend,” Sage mumbles forlornly. When I continue to stare at her, she looks away again, but says, “Bobby left after dumping me ok!” And she pushes her face into her crossed arms again.
Damn it, where’s Mary when you need him. “Uh, Sage? It’s not a big deal. Did he say why he dumped you? Not that it matters, because you’re a great person, inside and out.”
“Blah, blah, blah, yeah, his loss, whatever. Boys are assholes. Next thing you’ll say is that there are other fish in the sea or some such crap,” and there’s smartass Sage making an appearance.
“Well, I would hope that I don’t fall into that same category. I’ve been nothing but nice to you always…,” even when I chased her around one of our yards or around the playground in elementary, “I was even nice enough to pull your hair when we were younger!!” I say to try and lighten the moment, making sure I tug on her braid to make sure I get my point across.
“Well, he dumped me because I didn’t want to kiss him. I didn’t want to kiss him, Oliver!”
“Ok, ok. So, he tried to push you further then you were ready to go. Good riddance I say!” I feel relief and I’m pretty sure it shows on my face, but deep down I’m already planning to kick his ass, because no one, absolutely no one, messes with Sage like that. 
I’m glad that Sage stood up for herself. She’s always been confident and knows what she wants. That confidence is a turn on for me suddenly, and I feel my cock harden even more. I move around a bit to hide the evidence tenting my shorts, but it doesn’t change anything.
“Oliver? What if there’s someone I do want to kiss me, but I don’t know how to bring it up?” Sage is back to looking at me with her big blue eyes, and her eyes have dilated leaving a slight blue rim around her dark pupils.
“Well, um, maybe just say something?” I focus on my fingers that are playing with her braid, tense because I don’t like the thought of her kissing some guy, any guy.
“But how?” Suddenly Sage turns to sit sideways on the swing so that she’s facing me. Her braid falls over her shoulder and curls around the curve of her breast, drawing my eyes downward, and blood rushes to my cock. Holy shit when did she get those?!? Mary is so gonna kill me for looking at his sister! They could fit in my hand, the perfect size. God, my dick is killing me right now.
Looking away quickly, I say, “Just look him in the eye and tell him you want to kiss him or something. I don’t know Sage!!! Aren’t you too young?!” I’m desperate to refocus my thoughts away from anything remotely sexual, even something as small as kissing. I also don’t want to imagine her kissing some guy. I can feel jealousy start to take over, which is new, because I’m never jealous. But then to be possessive of Sage? That’s not new, but the feeling is deeper, and I suddenly realize that I want to kiss her.
Looking at her pouting lips, my eyes trace over her face, looking at her for the first time in a long time. Sage has always been tall and thin. She’s athletic, on the soccer and swim team. Her long dark hair has curls too, looser versions than the tight ones her brother Mary has. Her eyes are blue with a dark brown outer ring. But her body has developed, and it takes all kinds of will power to change the direction of my thoughts when Sage interrupts them herself.
Taking a deep breath, Sage puts her hand on my leg closest to her, leans close and catches looks me in the eye. “Oliver? Will you kiss me?” And she licks her lips to moisten them, her small tongue darting out, turning me on even more. I know Sage isn’t trying to turn me on, but she definitely has my attention. 
Keeping my groan to myself, because at this point in time, I would like to do a hell of a lot more than kiss her, I scoot as far away from her on the swing as I can, which isn’t really that far. “Uh, I don’t think Mary would like that. Hell, you know Mary would beat the shit out of anyone who touched his little sister!” I’m panicking because I know I want to kiss her, and I need to turn everything around as quick as possible, preferably without hurting her. 
“I figured you wouldn’t. So, what you said didn’t work. I can’t just ask the guy that I want to kiss me to actually kiss me.” 
“I didn’t say that. I’m sure kissing you would be great, but there are other people we need to think about here!” Wait. Sage wants me to kiss her?
“Sure, whatever Oliver. I get it. Thanks for whatever support this just was,” and she gets up to walk into the house and away from me. 
Grabbing her hand before she’s out of my reach, she turns and looks at me with a question in her eyes. She’s tall, but I’m taller, even sitting, so Sage doesn’t have to lower her blue eyes that much to meet my green ones. I run my other hand through my hair before I take a deep breath, coming to a decision. “If I do this, you cannot tell anyone ok? I don’t want your brother coming after me alright?” 
“I don’t want a pity kiss Oliver. I just want to be kissed. Is it really that big a deal?”
“Yes, to me it is. And this doesn’t mean we’re boyfriend-girlfriend or anything like that alright?” Why does that feel wrong to say?
“Fine, yes, I get it Oliver. It doesn’t mean anything to you.”
Sage really has no clue. Standing up, I pull Sage closer to me. “I didn’t say that. I just want to keep this between us.” She’s still young and doesn’t realize this could ruin our whole dynamic, and I need to keep that in mind.
I pull her closer until we’re chest to chest. Leaning down, my hands cup her face and tilt her mouth toward mine, and my lips gently touch hers. I feel a hot jolt of electricity travel through my body. Man, her lips are so soft and plump that I can’t help but nibble on them a little. We just stand there kissing like that for a bit, and when her mouth finally opens a little, I slide my tongue in against hers with a groan. 
Her arms slide around my shoulders, pushing her breasts against me, and my hands wrap around her waist to reach down and cup her ass, pulling her to me. I know she can feel my hard cock against her, but I can’t help it and grind against her. What she’s wearing doesn’t help. A pair of shorts overalls with a crop top underneath, leaving a lot of skin showing. 
I raise my head, my lips wanting to be back on hers almost immediately and open my eyes. Her lips are plump and red from our kiss and her breath is coming in shallow pants. When her eyes open and land on mine with her lips parted, I dive in for a second, rougher kiss, squeezing her ass with one hand as my other hand roams around inside her overalls, sliding to the smooth skin underneath. Her hands go to my head, grabbing my hair and pulling me closer. Our tongues meet, and I tilt my head so I can take the kiss deeper. 
Has she really never kissed anyone? 
My hand under her overalls slides up, playing with the edge of her crop top, my thumb underneath the shirt, damn near touching her breast, enough to know that she is definitely not wearing a bra. The other hand at her ass has a couple fingers on her ass skin to skin as they pass the edge of her overalls. Her arms around my shoulders are pulling me closer, and she’s thrusting her small breasts against mine. Oh God, this is so hot.
The kiss goes on for I don’t know how long before I pull back and drag my lips down her neck. “Oliver…” Sage says, breathing in short pants, dragging me back to reality.
I jerk my head away from her and look at her. One of my hands is now completely on her ass, and the other is sliding along her back and sides under her shirt, playing around the underside of her breast. She has one of her hands under my shirt on my chest, and I know she can feel how hard my heart is beating. I just want to lay her down and climb on top of her and slide deep inside of her. Looking at the swing, I give serious thought to laying her down on it and covering her body with mine, just for the feeling, when I hear a noise from inside her house.
Before I think about it, I push her away and sit down on the swing, like nothing happened. I swear I see a flash of hurt course through Sage’s eyes, but before she can say anything, her brother comes out. 
“Dude, I’ve been waiting for you for like 15 minutes! Did you not get my texts?”
“Sorry Mary, I left my phone in the car. Saw Sage here and figured I would tease her like I used to for old time’s sake.”
“Well let’s go. Jake’s waiting for us,” and with that Mary walks to my jeep parked on the street and jumps in the front seat as Sage and I watch.
I’m proud of that car, a red jeep that I can go mudding in with the guys. With the summer warmth, I have taken the roof and windows off leaving it open to the wind. The guys and I plan to go roam around a bit before heading to the park to play a quick game with some other guys. Later on tonight, all three of us are meeting dates for a quick movie. Normally we would blow of the movie and choose to do other things, but looking over at Sage, I realize I don’t even want to go on the date anymore. Hell, I don’t want to leave. 
“I’ll be there in a sec,” I call as I run my hands through my hair and look at my jeep. Then I return my attention back to Sage. Sighing, I shove my hands through my hair. “Sage…”
“I get it Oliver. No one has to know,” she interrupts before turning to head inside.
Walking to her, I stop her with a hand clasping hers. I lean close and kiss her on the cheek. “You’re a great chick. I don’t want something as simple as a kiss to lose you in my life. We can still be friends, right?”
“We haven’t been friends in forever Oliver if we ever were. What’s different? Nothing. We still won’t be friends. You’ll continue to be with my brother, and I’ll see you around is all. No, we definitely won’t be friends.” With that final statement, Sage walks into the house, never looking back at me. 
I watch as Sage disappears into the house before heading to my jeep. Mary is hanging out the door, hitting the side of it, “Come on Ollie! Let’s go!!! Jake’s waiting! Game and dates, I know the girls are excited to see us tonight!” 
More like they’re excited to see him. Mary is quarterback of the football team, I’m a wide receiver, and Jake is a defensive lineman. Where I know I’m good looking, I’m not starting quarterback in my junior year like Mary is. I have no doubt that the girls would be happy if he showed up by himself. Everyone wants a piece of Mary. Add in his looks that are eerily similar to Sage’s, and it’s like he’s a teen heartthrob. But that’s the least of my worries right now.
Looking back at the house, I walk around the front of the jeep, and when I get in, I look at Mary. “Have you noticed anything different about Sage?” I put my sunglasses on and keep my face turned away from him as I start driving.
“Besides the fact that her asshole boyfriend dumped her? No, she’s still a pain in my ass. She wants me to bake with her tomorrow,” Mary says with a shudder. 
“Sage still bakes? I didn’t know that.” As I drive, I’m rubbing my lower lip between my fingers thinking while at the same time remembering the feeling of Sage’s lips beneath mine. I swear I can still taste her. 
“Yeah, she does. Getting creative. But I hate doing it personally. I would avoid it if I could, but she wore me down.”
A memory overtakes me suddenly, and I share it with Mary. “Remember when our sisters got together to do that emoji cake deal? Or the Unicorn Cake? Then they dragged us in to taste and judge their cakes??? Sage was good, but damn, Becca knocked it out of the ballpark!” Referring to my sister, who is also one of Sage’s best friends next to Noelle Williams, Jake’s sister. 
“Oh man! And Noelle’s cake? Didn’t she put salt instead of sugar? Ended up crying when we teased her and Sage and Becca turned on us? Jake found out, and he wanted to kick our asses!” Mary is laughing hard with the memories along with me.
An idea pops into my head, allowing me to get back in Sage’s life, because I know for a fact that I’m not ready to let her go. “How about I come by tomorrow? I’ll bake with her, and you can chill out? Play video games or some shit?” 
Jake looks at me like he’s assessing me. “Why would you willingly do that?”
“Your sister needs more friends, more guy friends, than your sorry ass to help steer her in the right direction. Especially if she ends up dating a loser like Bobby Numbnuts. God knows my sister won’t help her and is just as flighty in life as anyone I know.”
“Makes sense. We can get Jake to come over, and I know Noelle and Becca will probably want to come.”
“I would ask if your parents would be mad about this but judging from how my mom acted last weekend when everyone landed at our house, they’ll be in seventh heaven.”
“Yeah, our parents need to get a life I think sometimes.”
“Yeah. So, we’ll be there after lunch.”
“Sounds good,” Mary says as I pull up to Jake’s house. Then Mary lets out a low whistle. “Who does Jake have washing his car?”
Looking over I see a nice ass bent over washing the front wheel, and when the body stands up, it’s covered in a little bikini top and short shorts with thick honey blonde hair in a messy bun on the top of her head. “Not sure. Maybe it’s a chick trying to get in his pants?”
“He would have said something. I’m going to check this out,” Jake says jumping out of the jeep and walking toward the girl.
As I watch Mary, my mind starts thinking of ways I can make it clear to Sage that we can still be friends. Because we will be friends, probably even better friends than Mary and me, along with Jake. Sage and I are going to be lifelong friends. She just doesn’t know it yet. She’s always been in my life, and I want to make sure she stays that way. 
“Noelle!? What the hell are you wearing?!” I hear Mary yell.
Yep, this is my life. And it just got turned upside down because of a not so simple kiss.

About the Author

Reagan McDaniels is mom to three children (teenagers!!) and two cats. Reagan grew up in a big city, but moved to a small town, which she much prefers, even though she misses some aspects of the big city. 
Favorite things to do? Read romance which she has been doing since she was 13 years old!!! The number of books and authors she has read is probably quite unimaginable, but it’s been worth it!
She also likes to decorate and get crafty, which she never did before. At any time in her home, one can find some type of project going on!!!

