RED WOLF
The Red Wolf Chronicles
Volume 1

By
REBEKAH SHELTON
****
Published By:
Rebekah Shelton on Smashwords Copyright 2013
Revised July 2016


Other Books by Rebekah Shelton

The Legend of the Snow Wolves Series:
Emerald Eyes (FREE)
Emerald Knoll
Emerald Cove
Emerald Garden
Emerald Aura
Emerald Haven
Emerald City - The Return
Emerald Nation - Divided
Emerald Reign (coming soon)
Emerald Anarchy (planned)
Book 11 (planned)
Book 12 (planned)

The Red Wolf Chronicles:
Red Wolf (FREE)
Red Palace
Red Widow 

The Battle for Zarcon Saga:
Raising Avon (FREE)
Shielding Avon
Battling Avon

Operation De-ICE


Cover Design: SelfPubBookCovers.com/joeydurocher

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please visit your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales are purely coincidental.  The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.  Although portions of this book are derived from real events, the events surrounding historical characters are entirely fictional and for entertainment purposes only.  They are not to be perceived as factual.
No part of this publication may be copied, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopy or otherwise without the express written permission of the author or author's agent. 

This book contains violence and mild sexual situations
Recommended for ages 14 and older.


Table of Contents

Chapter 1 - Boone
Chapter 2 - Delilah
Chapter 3 - Walters
Chapter 4 - Daddy
Chapter 5 – First Assignment
Chapter 6 – Let’s Dance
Chapter 7 – Meet the Militia
Chapter 8 – Trapped
Chapter 9 – Decisions
Chapter 10 – Street Talk
Chapter 11 - Katia
Chapter 12 – Prince Charming
Chapter 13 – Logan
Chapter 14 – Red Palace
How to Contact the Author


Chapter 1 - Boone

Boone hated the rain.  He hated the way he smelled when wet; the smell of wet dog, the smell of wolf.  Of course, no one else could smell the scent but Boone could.  More than the rain Boone hated running after his bounty.  Why did they always have to run?  Of course, they did not know Boone could easily outrun any human.  But it was still an inconvenience.  Boone just wanted to detain the latest of his prey, collect the reward and be home before the full moon.
Jesse Hopper was just another criminal in a long string of miscreants who thought he could outrun the law.  But he did not know he was being hunted by a wolf.  Hunted by a wolf who could smell him before he could see him.  Hunted by a wolf who could see in the dark.  Hunted by a wolf who could run seven times faster than a human.  Jesse looked back at Boone and could see Boone narrowing the distance quickly and without any effort.  Hopper was amazed such a large man could run so fast and not break a sweat.  Hopper was about out of breath and was fighting the urge to double over and vomit.   But the six foot three monster of a man chasing him was breathing as if it was a leisurely Sunday afternoon stroll.  Hopper saw the smirk on Boone’s face just seconds before Boone decided he had played this game of cat and mouse long enough.
Boone knew he could not reveal his non-human abilities but enough was enough, and the rain was turning colder by the minute.  He could feel the electricity building in the air getting ready to fill the sky with lightning.  It made the hackles on the back of his neck stand up on end.  And Boone hated lightning more than he hated rain.
Boone lunged forward almost effortlessly and grabbed Hopper by the back of his collar, pushing him to the ground.  Hopper was not a small man by human standards.  He carried two hundred pounds on his stocky five foot eleven frame.  Placing his knee firmly on Hopper’s back and pushing his thirty-something face into the gravel Boone reached into his back pocket.  He pulled out a pair of standard issue flex cuffs and bound Hopper’s arms securely behind his back.
“Why do you murderers and rapists always run?  When are you going to learn?” Boone snarled, leaning into Hopper with his knee in Hopper’s back and growling into his ear.
“One of these days I am going to kill your motherfuckin' ass!” Hopper sneered into the damp ground and laughed.  He was just young enough to think of himself as being immortal and indestructible.  Hopper thought he was the master of the universe.  And he was, in his own small and depraved mind.
“Stand in line, asshole.  But I have a big check and a cold brew with my name written on it.  So let's get you to the nearest jail for three hots and a cot.  Sounds like a win-win for both of us,” Boone snarled again as he stood and prepared himself to drag Hopper off the wet ground.  “Up, asshole,” Boone commanded as he picked up Hopper with one hand on his collar and one on the plastic flex cuffs.  With his superhuman strength, it was like picking a small dog off the ground.
Hopper, of course, cursed in pain.  “Now you know how that poor woman felt,” Boone seethed in anger.
“She was sweet,” Hopper sneered lustfully, remembering how he had raped and tortured his victim over a four-day period before he killed her.
“Pervert,” Boone growled while causing Hopper to trip.  Hopper landed back on the gravel with more cuts and blood covering his face and lips.
“Police brutality!” Hopper yelled out for anyone to hear.  Naturally the small group of onlookers merely ignored him.
“Not the police,” Boone reminded his captured felon with a chuckle.  “I am just your average run-of-the-mill bounty hunter.”
Boone snagged Hopper off the ground for the second time and frog-marched him back towards his black SUV.  “I should have you back in state custody just in time for happy hour,” Boone laughed, pushing Hopper forward.
With Boone’s height compared to Hopper’s, Hopper was practically running again.  “Slow down, asshole,” Hopper seethed, afraid he was going to do another face plant onto the gravel road.
“Like you took it easy on Dana Holland?” Boone asked rhetorically.  “You are one sick bastard.  She was barely twenty-four, and now her three-year-old daughter has to grow up without her mother.  You are damn lucky I am not dragging you to the nearest tree and stringing you up myself.  But you are not worth the effort of losing the bounty on your sick worthless head.”
Boone pushed Hopper into the back seat of his black SUV.  After ensuring the seat belt was secure, with no genuine concern for any subsequent injury to his catch, Boone jumped into the driver’s seat and headed back to the interstate and to the nearest Montana State Police lockup.
Forty-five minutes later Jesse Hopper was in state custody and Boone was ready for a cold beer.  “Where is the closest bar?” Boone asked the two state policemen at the counter after collecting the hefty bounty.
“There is a hole in the wall about three miles down the road,” one of the officers replied.
“The name?” Boone asked impatiently.
“Hole in the Wall,” the other officer laughed.
“Figures,” Boone quipped at the two uniformed officers.  He was not amused by the small town mentality.  His patience was already worn thin.
“Just watch out for Carla,” the first officer laughed, glancing at his partner.
“Heck Joe, I think our boy here can take her.”
“Just watch out for the claws.  She is a feisty one,” Joe said sarcastically as a warning.
Boone walked away from the two and left the building.  He climbed back into his well-used SUV and drove away, headed to the nearest bar for a cold brew or three.  He stopped only to check into a cheap motel, take a shower and quickly change into clean, dry clothes.  Dressed in a faded pair of blue jeans, scuffed tan leather cowboy boots, and a long-sleeved chambray shirt, Boone was ready to spend a quiet evening in a dark and hopefully mostly deserted bar.
Boone was a loner, a rogue wolf.  His creature comforts were minimal as he spent most of his time on the road recapturing convicts from Colorado to Idaho.  Boone knew the back roads and the wilderness of the northern middle American states better than the law enforcement agencies which resided in and patrolled them.  Plus he had skills, mad crazy wolf skills.  He brought in four times the number of escapees and fugitives than any other bounty hunter.  He was a legend.  Well, one of two.  Only one other bounty hunter truly gave him any competition.
Boone spotted the large red neon sign of the Hole in the Wall.  The dimly lit, partially paved parking lot was nearly empty.  Boone smiled as he parked near the road on the gravel.  He just wanted a few ice cold beers.  Boone wasn’t looking for companionship or a fight.  He just wanted some greasy bar food and a few tall, cold ones.  He took a long look at the building.  It was old and wooden with cracked and peeling gray paint.  The gray shingled roof was nearly blackened by mold.  The red neon sign across the top of the building displayed the name of the local watering hole.  One of the ballasts was defective, showing the name as Ho in the Wall.  Boone humorously thought about the warning the two officers had given him about Carla but quickly dismissed it.  For all intents and purposes, this place was a dive, and it was exactly what Boone was looking for.
Boone entered the unpretentious building and quickly looked around.  He walked to a booth in the corner where he could still see the front door.  Boone liked to sit away from everyone but still wanted to see who was coming and going.  It was an occupational hazard he had learned as a bounty hunter.  It was a habit he had picked up before his current career choice.  Being a wolf had its drawbacks.  Being alert was a skill well needed in both his personal and professional life.
Before Boone had a chance to thoroughly survey the groggery, the only waitress on duty was at his table.  “What’ll it be?” the thirty-something woman standing before him asked.
Of course, Boone had smelled Carla as he walked in.  The smell of grease, alcohol, and cheap perfume was enough to make him gag.  As he looked up, Boone could see she had been working long hours for too many years as a barmaid and waitress.  Her face showed the wear and tear of a few too many one night stands and too few hours of sleep.  Boone sniggered inwardly at Carla’s long fake nails painted in harlot-red polish.
Boone knew the type.  He spent too many hours in dreary, dark bars himself.  Boone refrained from chuckling at the irony and asked for a pitcher of beer.  He quickly ordered two large burgers with the works, extra onions and two orders of fries.  He had not eaten since breakfast.  His focus had been on capturing Jesse Hopper and being home the next day.
Minutes later, a cold pitcher of beer was placed on the table in front of him, and before his dinner had arrived, Boone was on his second pitcher.  He was finally starting to relax for the first time all day.  Boone sighed with relief.  He knew he would recapture Hopper.  He was pleased he had a check in his pocket which would last him for another month before having to go on the road again.  Of course, as soon as the full moon was over, he would head out on his next assignment.  Boone lived for the money and the chase.  It was all he had.  It was his life.
Boone chuckled to himself about the money.  His home was small and modestly but comfortably furnished.  It was a log home which sat on several acres at the end of a long dirt road.  The house consisted of a large kitchen, a living room, and a good size bedroom.  The back of the house overlooked an expansive valley with mountains all around.  Boone spent very little of his income.  Most went into the bank for a rainy day.  But Boone hated the rain.  And he had no idea what he was going to do with the money he had already accumulated.  As if on cue, dinner arrived, and Boone stopped thinking about his future.  As always, he lived full moon to full moon and paycheck to paycheck.  But it worked for him.
Carla looked intensely at Boone before asking if he needed anything else.  She was mesmerized by his bright green eyes and sandy blonde hair which showed a hint of red hues when touched by the sun.  Even under the dim fluorescent lighting, Boone was handsome.  Then she looked again at the way his shirt hugged his muscular arms and chest.  She had watched him cross the bar to the booth and had covertly grinned watching him saunter across the floor in jeans which proudly displayed more of his assets.  But looking at his face, he looked tired.  And his eyes looked lonely.
Carla knew there was more.  She knew Boone was hiding something.  She was trying to decide if the gorgeous man in front of her would be another one of her countless conquests.  Of course, Boone could sense her sexual attraction, her heightened pheromones.  He glanced up at her sideways and glared his disapproval.  She merely shrugged and walked away.  Had she been a wolf, she would have heard him softly growl his rejection.
At times, Boone hated the way he looked.  Women found him attractive, but he was not ready for a relationship.  Amative was not a word he would use to describe himself.  Being a wolf was hard enough without bringing a woman into the equation.  He wasn’t ready to trust anyone with his secret.  He had once belonged to a pack many years before, but he was not happy having to bow to an Alpha.  They were evil and controlling.  Boone only wanted to be left alone and to have free will.  He knew of other rogue wolves but stayed clear of them as much as possible.  Boone did not want trouble.  He had a place to live, a vehicle, and a job.  It was enough for now.  He was still young.  He had plenty of time to find a mate and settle down.  He was in no rush.
Boone had just finished his dinner and was about to order his third pitcher of cheap watered down beer when he heard the only thing he despised more than rain and lightening; motorcycles.  Motorcycles meant only one thing.  They meant trouble.  Boone was not the type who went looking for trouble unless it was attached to the business end of a bounty check.  But due to his size, men always seemed to want to start a fight with him.  Boone's genetics had predisposed his stature and muscular frame.
Of course, Boone could take care of himself.  He could easily dispense with several men simultaneously, but he just wanted a quiet, relaxing evening before retiring for the night.  Tomorrow he would drive several hundred miles to his next destination, home.
Boone listened intently to discern how many motorcycles were pulling into the parking lot.  He hoped there would only be a few.  It was a Monday night which should have given him the solitude he had so desired.
Hearing a fifth distinct engine sound, Boone had to make a decision and quickly.  Stay and hope for the best or find a backdoor to stealthily escape through.  After chasing Hopper across three states over a week’s time, he had earned the third pitcher of beer.  And he was damned if a quintet of leather clad gladiator wannabes were going to stop him from his well-deserved indulgence.  Boone motioned for another pitcher and eased into the corner of a dark booth, sliding down just enough to reduce his towering stature.
Just as expected, five burly bearded and bandana wearing bikers swaggered in.  Boone peered out the window to look at the one-eyed human suicide machines the group had ridden up on.  Boone did not really dislike motorcycles.  He just did not like leather wearing, rowdy tattooed rabble-rousers who rode them.  They reminded Boone of a group he had lived with nearly a decade ago.  He did not like them much either.  But that was a nightmare to remember some other time.  Boone pulled his sloshy and slightly buzzed brain cells back to the present and to the Neanderthals who were quick to make their presence known to everyone.
Boone glanced at Carla whose smile had all but disappeared from her face.  She was not at all delighted to see the five who had just darkened the doorway.  It was quite apparent they had been there before.  And it had not been a quiet or pleasant experience.  Carla glanced back at Boone, squared her shoulders and took a deep breath.  It only took moments for Boone to smell her fear and to sense her quickened heartbeat.
Boone was not looking to score points with Carla by coming to her rescue, but he could not and would not allow her, or any woman to be abused, to be manhandled.  He had seen it happen too many times with the wolf packs in Colorado and Wyoming.  He had seen too many girls just looking for a night of drinking and dancing turn into victims of assault and rape by men like him; by wolves.  Boone had seen far too much violence and unneeded death at the hands of men too eager for instant gratification.  Boone closed his eyes in an attempt to wipe away the memories of the carnage he had seen.  Boone shook his head with a quick shudder and took another deep breath to steady himself.  As he opened his eyes, he knew trouble was only a nanosecond away.
Boone reached down into his boot and slowly pulled a ten-inch long black handled hunting knife with a partially serrated black titanium nickel blade out of its sheath.  He laid the knife on the vinyl upholstered bench near his thigh out of sight and poured himself another glass of beer.
Peering over the top of his beer, Boone could see Carla adjusting her clothing.  She was closing a button on her white button down blouse to minimize her cleavage and pulling down her tight black knit skirt to show less of her pale shapely legs.  She was trying to hide from the onslaught of comments and abuse she was about to endure.
Boone could not help but feel sorry for Carla.  Leaving the bar at the end of her shift willingly for a one night stand was one thing, but having to endure unwanted abuse from a bunch of miscreants was another.  It reminded him of a young female he had met years ago who spent most of her time as far away from the pack as possible.  She would hide from the comments and the abuse.  She was a beautiful and innocent girl who just wanted to find a way to escape the horrors of her everyday life and some day the pack.  She hated who she was or rather what she was going to become.  For a moment, Boone wondered what happened to the girl.  She was only about ten or eleven when he had met her, but he knew even then she would grow into a beautiful woman and a wolf which would be coveted by many males wolves.  Her beauty would be an affliction and would cause her hardship and suffering.
Boone was pulled back into reality by the noise already emanating from the bar.  Why couldn’t they just come in, have a cold beer and leave everyone alone, Boone thought.  After another sigh, he poured himself another beer and tried to remain inconspicuous.
Sitting at the end of the bar were two attractive women in their early thirties trying to unwind after a long day at the office.  It was evident they just wanted to relax before going home and enjoy their fruity drinks adorned with slices of pineapple and small paper umbrellas.  Boone was a bit amused a dive such as this would have a blender and paper umbrellas.  But these days, not much surprised him.  Apparently the local dive catered to a wide variety of clientele.
The ladies were starting to look uncomfortable.  Boone could see them trying to finish their drinks quickly so they could leave before trouble ensued.  Boone could smell their fear as their adrenaline levels rose.  Both ladies looked around watching for their opportunity to flee.  Neither of the ladies wanted to stay any longer.  Their “happy hour” was quickly coming to an end.
Both looked to Boone as if begging for help.  Boone tried his best to divert his eyes, to remain anonymous and hidden.  Suddenly he felt trapped.  His freedom abated.  He knew if he ignored their peril he would hate himself later.  He looked at the ladies and nodded.  Then he looked back towards the bikers.  As soon as he saw them busy accosting Carla, Boone motioned for the women to leave.
Both ladies grabbed their purses and raced hand-in-hand toward the door.  But they were not quick enough.  One the bikers called out, “Where y’all going?  The party is just gettin’ started.”
Both ladies froze as their hearts stopped beating.  Boone could almost taste their fear on his tongue as the biker closed the distance between him and the women.  Boone knew he did not have a choice.  Boone knew he would have to intervene.  He slid his knife back into his boot and then slid out of the booth and stood, placing himself between the biker and the ladies.  There were three empty beer pitchers sitting on the table, so he pretended to stumble, drunkenly, giving the women a chance to run out of the bar and to safety.
“Hey, asshole!” the biker sneered trying to push Boone out of the way.  “You are letting those yummy cupcakes get away.”
I got your cupcake, Boone thought to himself, holding onto the man as if trying to keep himself from falling to the ground.  But actually he was keeping the man at bay so the ladies could leave.  When Boone heard two cars in the parking lot start-up, he released his grip on the biker.
“Sorry dude,” Boone slurred.  “Guess I should have stopped at two.  Guess I better go see a man about a horse.”
The biker pushed Boone further away.  Boone again pretended to stumble.  “Gotta take a piss,” Boone reiterated and stumbled towards the men’s room in the rear of the bar.
The hallway to the men’s room was dimly lit, and Boone knew he would soon be followed by the five drunken bikers.  Boone made the decision to slip out the back door of the bar instead of entering the restroom.  Boone knew the five cavemen would follow him outside.  He knew they would try to beat him to a bloody pulp.  But Boone did not care.  He would have a surprise waiting for them when they exited.  Boone would be ready.
Boone stood about fifteen feet away from the door and waited in the light of the waxing three-quarters moon.  There was no artificial lighting behind the bar.  It was dark, very dark.  Boone would miche until they came after him.  Then he would attack.  It took only seconds for the five burly obnoxious bikers to find him.  It took only a second for Boone to change into a giant tan wolf with glowing green eyes.  
“Holy shit on a shingle!” one of the men screamed, trying to back away from the giant wolf standing just feet in front of him.  But instead, he bumped into the front of one of his buddies.  Boone growled loudly and snarled showing his abnormally long canines.  Then Boone reared back to pounce.  As he did, all five of the bikers took off running to the front of the building, screaming about a giant wolf about to kill and eat them.  Boone swore he detected the smell of fresh urine filling the cool night air.  Seconds later Boone heard the sound of five motorcycles leaving the parking lot.  Boone turned human and laughed as if he had just performed the best party trick ever.  It was a tactic he rarely used, but being outnumbered five to one, he thought it would be fun.
Boone snuck back into the bar through the rear exit and after a quick stop in the men’s room returned to his booth.  Finishing the last of his beer, he rendered payment for the food and beer, leaving Carla a big tip.  Smiling, he walked away.  “Thanks for a fun evening,” Boone smirked at Carla in appreciation.
Turning wolf, even for a few minutes, had a sobering effect on Boone.  He was happy he would be clear headed for the drive home the next morning.  A few minutes later Boone was crossing the threshold of his rented room.  The accommodations were not luxurious, but it was clean, and it had a bed.  And Boone preferred sleeping in a bed than to sleeping on the floor or the ground as a wolf.  It only took Boone a few minutes to strip to his black boxer briefs.  Crawling into bed, he fell asleep seconds later.  Tomorrow he would be home.  Then he would hunt on the full moon, take a couple of days off and be ready to collect his next paycheck.


Chapter 2 - Delilah

Boone and Delilah arrived at the outskirts of Cheyenne almost simultaneously.  Boone could only sigh in despair as they both parked at the motel at the edge of town.  Delilah was the only other bounty hunter in the area who could capture fugitives as quickly and efficiently as Boone.  She too was a legend.  Boone gazed at Delilah as she exited her golden colored high-end SUV.  Delilah wore her standard outfit; black jeans and boots, black leather gloves, and a long black leather duster.  Delilah had a black handled hunting knife strapped to her thigh and wore a medicine pouch around her neck.  Her national origin was unclear.  Her complexion gave hints of Latina or Native American.  Her hair was medium brown worn in a single braid with a few soft wavy strands framing her face.  Her eyes were a pale icy blue, nearly devoid of color.  Her accent seemed to be French, or maybe Cajun.  But it was so faint, no one knew for sure, and she would never reveal the truth.  The medicine pouch only added to the mystery.  Some said Delilah was magical, maybe a witch.
Delilah was beautiful.  She was far too beautiful to be a bounty hunter.  Delilah was tall with long shapely legs that went to her shoulders.  Standing nearly 5 foot 10, she wore knee high leather boots with a two-inch chunky heel to bring her height just shy of six foot.  She joked that she liked to look down at the degenerates she captured.  She was a natural beauty and a natural tracker.  The only makeup she wore was bright red lipstick and matching red fingernail polish.  And like Boone she was a loner, private and mysterious.  Delilah loved the chase and the money.
Boone chuckled as Delilah stared back at him with a familiar smile.  She winked and laughed as if to say she was happy to see him.
“I guess we are hunting the same guy again,” Boone laughed.
“It seems so,” Delilah smirked.
“I haven’t seen ya in a few months.  I was starting to think you gave up the business.”
“Not by a long shot.  I took a long vacation and went home to visit my family.  But now I am back,” Delilah smiled as if she had a secret.
“Family?  Where did you go?” Boone asked, hoping to learn anything about Delilah.
“Good try, Boone,” Delilah said smugly with raised brows.  She knew she could never reveal who or what she was.  The mystery would have to continue being a mystery another day, maybe another lifetime.
“Sorry, I had to try.  You are always the private one,” Boone shrugged.  “So are you after Walters?”
“Yep,” Delilah replied with a grin.  “There is a big bounty on this one; serial killer.  He killed ten girls in a sorority house back in Wisconsin.  This one is pure money; a cool million.”
“Yep.  I get him, and I can retire for a few months; at least until spring.”
“Not if I get him first,” Delilah said, filled with swagger and resolution as she pulled her coat around her tiny waist to battle the cold arctic air already settling in the area.  “I do not like the cold any more than you do.”
“Sounds like a challenge,” Boone chuckled again as he shoved his hunting knife into his boot and slid a set of flex cuffs into his back pocket.
“Loser buys dinner?” Delilah suggested with arrogance and egging Boone on.
“And beer,” Boone added playing along.
“You are on!” Delilah called out and glanced around.  Moments later she was quickly walking back out of town and onto a local side road.
Boone lifted his head towards the sky and took a deep breath.  He could smell the adrenaline of a man on the run.  Boone could smell the blood of the ten young innocent girls Walters had killed.  He locked his SUV and quickly headed in the same direction as Delilah.
It took only a minute for Boone to catch up with Delilah.  “Are you following me?” Delilah asked in frustration sensing Boone just steps behind her.
“Nope,” Boone replied as he picked up his pace and was now beside Delilah.  “Get ready to buy me dinner, though.  And I am hungry.  I am thinking a gigantic steak and lots of beer.”
Delilah did not respond but kept walking towards her destination and her prey.  Barring any major complications, she knew she would have Walters in custody within minutes.  But Delilah had to get to him before Boone.  She knew Boone had the ability to win the bet, but she wanted the paycheck just as bad as he did.  She would be damned if she were going to let him win.  Her dignity was at stake, and there was no way in hell she was going to pay for his dinner and especially not beer.  Delilah liked wine, sweet red wine.  Delilah started walking quicker.
“Are we going to do this together or separately?” Boone finally asked as he realized Delilah could very well snag his bounty out from under him.
“You are on your own baby,” Delilah sneered through her ruby red painted lips.  Boone gasped for a moment and stopped dead in his tracks.  With Delilah’s indiscernible accent, he swore she had just called him Bee'ee'.  It was the nickname his Arapaho grandmother always called him.  It was a term of endearment she used because of the reddish color shade of his dark blonde hair.
Boone realized Delilah was closing in on Walters and shook himself back to reality.  Already several yards ahead of him, Boone had to run to catch up with Delilah.  “Oh hell no,” Boone sneered as he stepped beside Delilah.
Both Boone and Delilah seemed to know exactly where to find Carl Walters, but neither revealed how they knew.  Remaining silent they neared the property of Ethel and Martin Kruger.  Both remained vigilant as they looked around, Delilah’s eyes constantly scanning the area.  Boone with his head slightly angled to the sky trying to ascertain how many humans were nearby.  Then he listened intently for heartbeats.  He needed to know how many people were inside the house.  From the road, he could only hear two.
Delilah ruminated at the rusted metal mailbox barely standing near the road at the beginning of the drive.  The U.S. Post Office had gone defunct three years prior in 2020.  From the road, the house was barely visible.  The driveway curved slightly, and numerous mature maple trees dotted the yard.  Sitting off the road of a five-acre lot, the house was well hidden from view.  It was a good place for Walters to hide.
Boone and Delilah looked for the best route to approach the house.  If Walters was in the farm house and had taken hostages, they did not want to rush in with guns blazing.
Ironically, Delilah did not carry a gun.  Boone owned one but rarely removed it from the lock box in his SUV.  He detested firearms.  And to date, he never had a need to use one.
Delilah motioned to a detached wooden garage to the right of the house.  It would provide cover and concealment while determining their next move.  Running as quietly as they could, they traversed the entrance to the driveway and past the open area near the road.  Once hidden again by trees and shrubs they quickly and covertly made their way to the far side of the garage.
Both generally worked alone, and Boone slowed his stride to disguise how fast he could run but when Delilah ran in front of him, he picked up the pace and matched her step for step.  Both smiled reaching the side of the garage and neither out of breath.  Both fought the urge to laugh.  Delilah was surprised to see Boone smile.  He rarely did.  Delilah stared, wanting to ingrain the image of a happy Boone into her memory.  She was enthralled by how handsome he was, especially when his green eyes lit up when he smiled.
Boone was instantly conscious of Delilah’s stare and looked away.  He held his index finger to his lips and moved to the corner of the nearly dilapidated structure.  Boone glanced towards the early twentieth-century farm house to ensure their arrival had not been detected.  When he saw no movement near any of the black shutter-framed windows, he gave Delilah a thumbs-up.
Moving back to where Delilah was standing, Boone sat down on the ground with his back against the peeling white wall of the garage.  He knew both he and Delilah wanted to capture Walters.  But would they fight for the bounty or would they work together and split the reward?  As if reading Boone’s mind, Delilah sat down a few feet away from Boone.  The silence was almost deafening as they looked out at what used to be a field of feed grass.  It was nearly wintertime in Wyoming, and the grass had been harvested and sold months ago.
“This isn’t our standard grab and bag,” Boone finally sighed.  “Normally, I would be racing you for the cuffs.”
“And I would win,” Delilah chuckled as she continued looking towards the horizon.  She was enthralled with the way the golden sea of cut grass glowed in contrast to the bright blue sky.
“Only half the time,” Boone refuted.
“I cannot let you starve,” Delilah teased as if she had let him beat her to the prize once or twice.
Boone ignored the comment and decided to broker a temporary arrangement.  “I guess it is going to take both of us to catch this bastard.”
“How many do you think are in there?” Delilah asked.
“Two, maybe three,” Boone answered not trying to give away his secret.
“It is still early in the day.  Should we rush in or wait until dark?”
“Did you pack a lunch?” Boone asked and then looked at the horizon.  “It is a perfect place for a picnic.”
“Sarcasm or humor?” Delilah asked while looking towards Boone with her brows arched.
“A bit of both” Boone replied with a smirk.  “But seriously, do you think will we make it until dark without food, water, or a bathroom?”  Boone had not planned on spending the day waiting for Walters.  His original plan was to barge in, take down Walters and be done by lunch time.  But partnering with Delilah would slow him down.  He would need to hide his supernatural abilities.  He would have to act as if he were a mere human.
“At least it is a warm, dry day,” Delilah smiled.  And then they became silent as both thought about how to capture Walters as quickly and quietly as they could without revealing their secrets to each other.  Delilah had secrets of her own.
Boone knew he could overpower Walters.  He was aware that his supernatural strength and speed put him at an advantage over the mass murderer.  Boone knew he could erase the terrific horrors of the kidnapping from the memories of the Krugers.  And if they were injured, he could heal them.  After a short nap, the couple would awaken whole and continue their day as if nothing had transpired.
But with Delilah at his side, it became complicated.  He would have to restrain his powers and because of it, someone could get hurt.  If they were going to partner up, they would need to come up with a plan.  Of course, if it was a good plan Boone was confident it would be executed flawlessly.  It just needed to be a good one.
“You really like this type of work,” Boone stated as a question to Delilah hoping to learn more about her.
“I do.”
“Do you do it for the money?”
“The money is good, but I do it because I am good at it,” Delilah refuted with a smile.  “You know you are my biggest competition.”
Boone chuckled.  “Back at ya.”  He tried not to stare at the beautiful woman sitting next to him.  She was far too beautiful to be a bounty hunter.  He found himself captivated.
Smiling, they relaxed against the garage and stared towards the welcomed warmth of the sun.  After a few minutes, Boone broke the silence.  “Front door or back?” he asked succinctly.
“I could approach from the front and pretend my car broke down on the road.  Play the helpless female card.  Pretend to be a damsel in distress.”
Boone had to stifle himself from laughing out loud.  “You helpless?  Hell woman, you are nearly as tall as me and in this outfit, you scream ‘I am gonna kick your ass into the middle of next week.'”
Delilah chuckled.  “I do dress for intimidation.  Where is a dainty sundress when you need one?”
“And how do you run in those boots?  What are those?  Three-inch heels?”
“Two inches,” Delilah quickly refuted looking down to her books.  “And years of practice,” Delilah added as she smugly smirked.  Delilah knew any woman worth her weight in salt could run in a pair of heels just as well as a pair of sneakers.  She was not one of those helpless females in a horror movie which ran through the woods from the big, bad monster while wearing nothing but a towel and fell to the ground every three feet.
“At least ten years that I know of.  You and I have chased after the same fugitives for nearly a decade now.”
“Has it been that long?  Wow!  And today is the first time we have actually talked to one another.”
“Sorry.  I did not have a chance to stop and chat while you were trying to steal my paycheck.”
Delilah glared at Boone for a moment.  “We are about one for one on apprehensions.  I am sure you are not hurting for money unless you are gambling it all away.”
Boone chuckled to himself and smiled.  If she only knew how he lived.  She did not know he saved almost every dollar he earned.  “So I guess we will be splitting this paycheck.”
“I guess so,” Delilah nodded.  “This looks like a two person grab.”
“Let’s see what we can learn about Mr. and Mrs. Kruger.  Do we have one or two hostages?” Boone suggested.  When they initially arrived, Boone could only hear two heartbeats, but now he thought he heard a third one; a third faint one.  Both pulled out their mini-tablets and turned them on.
“Ethel and Martin,” Delilah announced.  “Elderly, both in their eighties.”
“It says here Mr. Kruger is a retired police detective.  I hope he did not try to play the hero,” Boone added.  His level of dread was beginning to rise.  Boone suspected the third but faint heartbeat belonged to Mr. Kruger.
Delilah’s fear was piquing as well.  “I hope he does not have an arsenal of weapons in the house.”  She was afraid Walters would have a cache of weapons at his disposal.  She was afraid Walters would use them to defend his misappropriated fortress.
“We can assume at least one.  Probably his service revolver,” Boone deduced.  “But let me check gun sales in the area.”
“Already on it,” Delilah announced as she typed on the screen of her tablet.  “It looks like he has a couple of handguns and a high-powered rifle with an infrared scope.”
“Well, that puts a kink in our grab and go,” Boone frowned.
“Ya think?” Delilah smirked sarcastically.
“We will just have to be fast,” Boone sneered with a shrug.  He knew he could run fast.  He just hoped Delilah could run as fast as she had earlier.
“I will take the front door.  Give me a moment to get myself situated,” Delilah advised as she stood.  Taking a gold colored piece of thin rope out of her coat pocket she slid it into the back pocket of her black jeans.  Then she removed her long leather coat.
“Too bulky for this mission,” she shrugged.  But once she removed the coat she realized how deceiving the warmth of the sun was.  Boone stared in awe.  Delilah’s arms and shoulders were toned and muscular.  Her short-sleeved top showed every perfect curve of her torso.  Then he realized she was cold.
“Put your coat back on,” Boone advised.  “I have an idea,” he added as he pulled his hunting knife out of his boot.  Delilah’s leather duster was form-fitting down to the waist, then it flared out, with no buttons to allow ease of movement while walking.
Delilah’s eyes opened wide.  “Oh hell no,” she nearly screamed in protest, quickly lowering her voice to a whisper.
“I will buy you a new one.  But I will be damned if your coat slows us down or shatters our plan.”
“It was custom made,” she protested.  “It is one of a kind.”
“Then I will get you another custom made coat,” Boone snarled through clenched teeth as he approached Delilah with a knife out before him.
Delilah knew Boone was right.  Her favorite coat would be a hindrance.  She closed her eyes as she took a deep breath and nodded ever so slightly.  She fought the tears which threatened to spill as Boone quickly but carefully cut the duster portion of her coat off.
“It is not so bad,” he announced as he finished and let the yards of black leather fall to the ground.
Delilah opened her eyes which were filled with grief.  “I will send you the bill,” she tried to joke through her sorrow.
“So what is with the rope?” Boone asked trying to change the subject.  “Everyone else uses flex cuffs, everyone but you.”
“It is lightweight but just as strong.  My father wove it for me,” Delilah replied and then realized she had said too much.
“Your father weaves rope?”
Delilah did not reply only raising her brow and shrugging.
“I will take off for the side of the house and make my way to the back door,” Boone advised.
“I will attempt the damsel in distress ruse.  After whoever answers the door, you break in from the back, and I will push my way in through the front.  We will tackle Walters and take him down.”
“Then we will call for an ambulance for the Krugers and the local authorities to haul Walters to the pokey.”  Boone knew he would not be able to heal their wounds or push the memory from their minds with Delilah with him.
“Works for me,” Delilah nodded.
“Just one more thing.  Wait here.”  Boone eased his way to the far side of the garage and returned seconds later.  He raised his fingers to Delilah’s face and smudged it with some old used motor oil.
“What the hell?” Delilah scowled and ready to pounce in retaliation.
“Now you look like your car broke down,” Boone smirked.  He was having too much fun at Delilah’s expense.
“Boone, I am going to kick your ass when this is over.”
“Add a facial to my tab,” Boone laughed with delight.
“You keep this up, and your half of the reward will be mine before the day is done.”
Boone pondered for a moment and smirked.  “And it is going to be a long day.”
Boone smiled and moved back to the corner edge of the garage.  He looked back over his shoulder at Delilah and smiled again.  “Good luck, sweet damsel.”  And then he starting running towards the house.
When Boone reached the side of the house, he stopped and watched for Delilah to start her approach to the farmhouse style porch and the front door.  He noticed Delilah had unbraided her hair, letting it fall across her shoulders in soft curls.  Delilah had mussed her hair to add to the stranded motorist deception.  She pretended to be tired and out of breath.  Boone nodded in approval.  Even through the smudged oil on her face, she was stunning.
Then Boone heard his worst fear.  Without a warning, he ran towards Delilah.  Not at human speed but supernatural speed.  Boone forcefully knocked Delilah to the ground.  But it was too late.
“Damn it, that hurts,” Delilah screamed from beneath Boone’s body which was now atop of hers.
“Sorry.  I did not mean to crush you,” Boone apologized.
“Not you stupid, the bullet.  That S-O-B shot me.”  Delilah's tone was angry.  She was livid.
Boone stayed atop of Delilah afraid to move.  He was acting as her shield; her human shield.
“Where did you get hit?” Boone asked filled with concern.
“My thigh.  This is all your fault.  You cut my coat.”
“Really?  You are going to blame me for getting shot?” Boone seethed agitatedly.
“If my father were here, he would blast you all the way to Valhalla,” Delilah exclaimed still angry.
“Look who’s so tough now!  Just like a girl to go crying for her daddy.”
“And look at my jeans.  They are ruined.”
“Oh-hell-no,” Boone rebutted.  “I am not paying for those.  Stop whining woman.  I am fresh out of cheese.”  His impression of Delilah being a strong independent woman was quickly evaporating.
Delilah was pissed.  “I did not sign up for this.”
“Well, either Walters is a bad shot, or that was just a warning,” Boone thought aloud.
“And you brought a knife to a gun fight.  Now what?”
“We get you out of here, and we bring in the big guns,” Boone replied almost nonchalantly.
Boone and Delilah inched out of the clearing; staying as low to the ground as possible.  Boone made sure he stayed between Delilah and the house to protect her from their fugitive who was now known to be both dangerous and armed.  Moving little by little, it seemed as if they would never make their way to cover.  Each inch, each foot was excruciating for Delilah.  Boone wished she could move faster, but he did not rush her.  He remained calm and silent allowing Delilah to set the pace.
As they reached the coppice, Boone jumped up and then lifted Delilah into his arms.  He cradled her while he quickly ran away from the farm house and Walters.  Once out of sight of the house, Boone slowed to a walk.  He looked down at Delilah, who even through her closed eyes silently cried.  She held tightly onto Boone, both arms around his neck, her anguished face firmly against his shoulder.  Boone could feel her warm tears soaking through his shirt onto his skin.
“Let’s take a look at your leg,” Boone suggested his voice filled with care; almost admiration.  He knew she was in pain, lots of pain, yet she did not cry openly or hysterically.  She was brave.  He gently put Delilah onto the dry but cold ground and knelt beside her.  Half sitting, Delilah winced as Boone’s finger softly brushed the edge of the hole in Delilah’s favorite jeans and her outer thigh.
“Is there an exit wound?” Delilah asked trying to keep her tone calm and collected.  She could not determine where the burning in her leg began and ended.  
“Roll over,” Boone smiled almost laughing as he looked at the bullet wound.  “It is just a flesh wound.  He only grazed you.”
“Then why am I in so much pain?  It feels like my leg is on fire,” Delilah argued.
“I have never been shot, but I have heard it hurts like hell,” Boone shrugged.
“Daddy is going to hear about this!”
“Daddy?  Again, really?” Boone said shaking his head side to side in disbelief.
“It is complicated,” Delilah sighed gruffly.
“Really complicated?  Or the ‘you just do not want to tell me’ kind of complicated?” Boone asked filled with suspicion.
“Really complicated,” Delilah replied.  “Maybe some other time.”
“Do you have a change of clothes in your SUV?”
Delilah nodded yes.
“I will go back and get my weapon and a pair of pants for you.  Close your eyes and relax.  I will be back in just a few minutes.”  Boone stood and held out his hand.
“No thanks.  I think I am just going to lie here,” Delilah rebutted, confused.
“I need the remote to open your truck,” Boone laughed.
“Oh that,” Delilah sighed and wiggled her hand into her jeans pocket and retrieved the remote.  “Grab the blue Trez.”
Boone crinkled his eyes.  Now he was the one confused.  “Trez is a brand of jeans,” Delilah replied to the unasked question.  “Screw it, just bring the bag.”
Boone nodded and trotted away.  Once out of Delilah’s sight he picked up his gait.  Boone hated leaving her alone.  Even though they had worked in the same line of business for a decade, he really did not know Delilah.  Holding her in his arms while he carried her to safety caused him pause.  Her cold, stony facade was just that, a facade.  She was a beautiful woman.  She was a woman who bled and cried.  Seeing Delilah cry made Boone’s knees weak.  Her vulnerability softened any previous misconceptions he had about her.
Boone paused half way back to the hotel parking lot.  He raised his hand to the spot on his shirt which was still wet from Delilah’s tears.  Boone wanted to go back and heal her, to make her whole again.  He wanted to take away her pain and her tears.  But he continued on his path and started running again.
Delilah lay on the ground and stared at the sky, tears still in her eyes.  “Daddy, help me,” she implored.  She waited for an answer.  Silence.  
“Daddy, heal me,” Delilah begged harder.  Nothing.  Delilah closed her eyes and cried.  She cried because of the pain; not the pain from the bullet wound but because of the pain from being abandoned.  Delilah felt so alone.  She wrapped her arms around herself as she shivered.  She felt so cold.
Boone reached the edge of town just minutes later.  Spotting a drugstore near the motel, he went there first.  Not being human Boone knew nothing about treating human injuries.  If Delilah knew the truth, she would already be healing, he thought to himself.
Boone grabbed some large gauze squares and first aid tape and headed to the pharmacy counter.  “I need the best antibacterial cream you have.  My partner fell and got hurt.”  Boone tried to remain as cryptic as possible since he could not tell anyone Delilah had been shot or that a known fugitive was hiding just miles away.
The young male pharmacy assistant looked up at Boone and smiled.  “Partner?  Are you gay?”
“Do I look gay?” Boone replied, nearly growling and impatient.
“You are mighty pretty.”
“Antibacterial cream,” Boone demanded.  “And hurry,” he snarled as he slammed a one hundred dollar bill onto the counter.  “And, by the way, my partner is a woman.  She is the meanest, toughest, and most beautiful woman this side of the Rockies.”
“Too bad,” the young man cooed as he watched Boone saunter away without getting his change.
Boone shuddered.  “It was so much easier working alone,” Boone muttered barely audible.
Boone jogged across the nearly deserted street to the motel parking lot, grabbed Delilah’s bag out of her SUV and jumped into his vehicle.  He sped out of town and soon was pulling off the road where he had left Delilah.  Boone jumped out and ran to her side.  Delilah was laying on her back with silent tears still streaming down her face.  She looked so vulnerable and in a lot of pain.  It tore Boone’s heart in two.
Hearing Boone beside her, Delilah slowly opened her eyes.  “Heal me,” she begged again, this time to Boone.
Boone stared into Delilah’s tormented eyes.  He tried to read her mind.  Nothing.  He needed to know what to do.  Should he reveal his secret and help her?  Now his eyes were tormented.  Boone knelt next to Delilah and gently picked her up and carried her to his SUV.  He fought his own tears as Delilah winced with every step he took.  Boone fought the urge to lean down and kiss away Delilah’s tears; kiss away her fears.
“I will take care of you,” he whispered his voice hoarse and conflicted.
Delilah whispered her plea again.  “Heal me Hooxei Bo’ooneih.”
Boone stopped dead in his tracks, wide-eyed and mouth gaped.  No one knew his official Arapaho name - Red Wolf.
“I know what you are,” Delilah confessed while looking into Boone’s emerald green eyes.  “I will explain everything after Walters is in custody.  Just make the pain go away.  Heal me, please heal me.”
Boone could tell by Delilah’s heart rate she was telling the truth.  He could tell by her labored breathing she was in a lot of pain.  His original intention to palliate the wound vanished.  He closed his eyes and nodded.  Boone took the last three long strides to the rear of his SUV.  Before placing Delilah into the rear of the vehicle, he softly kissed her forehead.
“I do not know how long this will take,” Boone advised.
“I am not going anywhere soon,” Delilah chuckled with her jaw clenched.  “Do your worst Hooxei.”
“Wolf,” Boone sighed repeating the English word for Hooxei and then went silent.  Boone had never healed a human before.  He had never tasted human blood.  It frightened him.  Would he like the taste?  Would it be like a vampire’s addiction to blood?  Would he be drawn to it like a drug addict to crack?
Eager for the pain to go away, Delilah reached down and tore open the hole in the leg of her jeans.  “Do it already,” Delilah yelled impatiently.  “Heal me!”
Boone leaned into the wound.  The unusual scent of Delilah’s blood became stronger as he inched closer.  Her blood did not smell like animal blood.  It did not smell rusty like human blood.  It smelled sweet; of sweet wine and honey.  Boone closed his eyes in fear.  When he felt his own breath bouncing back onto his lips, he extended his tongue and gently licked the wound.
While rough in texture like an animal’s tongue, Boone’s tongue actually felt good.  Delilah expected his saliva to be warm but with a cool breeze in the air it had a cooling effect on the burning flesh.  Boone’s saliva began to numb her pain instantly.  Delilah moaned in relief.
Boone pulled back surprised.  “So,” Delilah cooed.  “How do I taste?” Delilah asked, her voice almost seductive, calmed by the easing of the pain.
Boone blushed.  “Sorry, this is my first time healing a human.  You taste sweet, like fresh honey.”
Now it was Delilah’s turn to blush.  “Let’s finish this and get Walters.  And then I have a long story to tell you.”
Boone was curious, but they had business to attend to before they talked; before Delilah revealed what she knew.
It only took a few more licks for the bleeding to stop.  Boone watched as Delilah’s skin regenerated itself and the wound closed.  When she was nearly healed, Boone covered Delilah's leg with the antibacterial cream and then a bandage.  “Let’s get you into those Trez, grab a bite to eat and then get back to work.”
Delilah was too weak to argue.  The thought of a giant cheeseburger and java mocha milkshake topped with whipped cream had quickly permeated her mind and refused to leave.  She needed comfort food.  She needed to feel whole again.
Boone was already digging through Delilah’s bag looking for her favorite Trez jeans.  He was embarrassed as he saw Delilah’s ultra feminine and lacey undergarments in the bag.  He blushed again.
“You have never seen a lady’s underwear before?” Delilah laughed.
“Of course, I have,” Boone quickly snapped and turned away.  “I have just never touched any before,” he whispered to himself.
“Just hand me the jeans,” Delilah said kindly trying not to make Boone feel any more uncomfortable than he already was.  She knew he was already discomfited.  Boone tossed her the jeans and kept his back to Delilah to give her privacy.  Delilah knew it was because he would feel uneasy seeing her half naked.
“At least help me with the boots,” Delilah asked.  “Then you can turn away again.”
Boone made quick time unzipping and removing the black leather boots.  He turned his back to Delilah for the second time.  Try as she may to get the torn bloody jeans off, she could not.  While most of the pain had subsided, Delilah was weak and tired.  “Sorry, you are going to have to help,” Delilah exclaimed in despair.
Delilah could see Boone’s chest rise and fall as he inhaled deeply trying to take a calming breath.  Reluctantly he turned and faced Delilah.  As he pulled the jeans down over her small but curvy hips, he gasped.
Red, what is with this woman and the color red?  Boone tried not to stare, but the sight of Delilah’s small see-through lacy panties had him hypnotized.  Boone knew the scent of a woman well, but Delilah’s scent was different.  It smelled sweet just like the smell of her blood.
“I like red,” Delilah giggled, bringing Boone back to reality.  Realizing his faux pas, he immediately closed his eyes as he helped Delilah remove the jeans.  Then he turned away again and walked down the road.  The vision and scent of Delilah were forever burned into his brain.  He needed to relax.  He needed to calm himself.  This beautiful, mysterious woman had him more nervous than any of the fugitives he had encountered.  Never before had a woman affected him like this.  It shook him to his core.

****

By the time lunch as over, Delilah was completely healed and ready to continue the mission.  But with Walters being armed and possibly with more than one weapon, it proved to be perplexing.  How would they pull this off and ensure no one got hurt?  It was still at least five hours before darkness fell, but could they wait that long?
Sitting in the parking lot of the local diner, “Concentrate,” Delilah scolded.  “You have the powers of your forefathers.  They will help you if you ask.”
“I know nothing about my wolf ancestors,” Boone scowled.
“I am talking about your tribal powers.  Your grandmother was the daughter of a very powerful shaman.  Her blood courses through your veins too.  Use it to your advantage.”  She paused.  “Or we call for backup and let the locals apprehend Walters.”
“How do you know so much about me?”  Boone should have been suspicious, but his tone indicated mostly curiosity.  There was no anger or fear, only confusion, and wonderment.
“I will explain it all later, everything.  But for now, you need to focus.  Look to the future.  What do you see?  How do we do this?”
Boone closed his eyes and thought of his grandmother.  His mind took him to a photo of her father; his great-grandfather.  He stared at the picture in his mind; a faded sepia colored photo in a simple dark wood frame.  He tried to hear the words of his ancestors.
“Relax,” Delilah said soothingly.  “Let it come to you.”
Boone took another deep cleansing breath.  He did not know why but he trusted Delilah.  Boone sensed she was there to help him.  He tried to relax and focus, but only three words would come to him.  Use your powers.  Then he heard three more words.  Follow the wolf.
Not only was Boone born a wolf but he was born under the Native American sign of the wolf.  He remembered his grandmother’s words about the wolf sign; loving and passionate but with a fierce need for independence.  It explained his need to be a lone wolf and remain rogue.  He also remembered how she told him while staying secluded from the world; he could also become unrealistic, obstinate, compulsive, and malicious.  But how would this help him now?  He was raised to be giving, loving, and gentle; not to exploit his powers.
But being a wolf did give him powers humans did not have.  He could heal.  He could sometimes read minds.  He could erase memories.  And he had strength and speed unimaginable by humans.  Use your powers.
“Follow the Wolf,” Boone barely whispered.  “I have to use the power of the wolf.  Let’s go back.  I need to get close enough to listen to Walters.  I need to know what he is thinking.  Then I can do this.  We can do this.”
Delilah smiled.  The feeling of contentment overcame her.  They were starting to trust one another.  Now it all made sense.  Now she knew why she was there.  Now she knew why her father had sent her to Cheyenne.
“We can do this,” Delilah repeated and took Boone’s hand into hers.  “We make a great team Boone.  Thank you.”
Boone looked at Delilah’s smile which reached all the way to her ice-blue eyes.  For a moment, Boone thought he was able to peer into Delilah’s soul.  Boone felt the hard icy exterior of his shielded heart start to crack and fall away.  It left him with a feeling he had never experienced before.  It was foreign.  It was warm; no longer cold, gloomy and lost.  It was a sense of finding his way home.  It was a feeling so intimate, it could not be described.  For the first time in his life, he had hope.  He felt as if he had a purpose and a reason to live; really live.


Chapter 3 - Walters

“Let’s park on the other side of the garage and come in through the field this time,” Delilah suggested as they arrived back at the home of the Krugers.  “The damsel in distress routine did not quite work so well last time,” she proclaimed touching her bandaged leg.
Boone saw Delilah touch her leg.  “How does it feel?”
“I think it is healed.  There is no pain, but I know it is there.  It tingles a little.”
“So, you are ready to try this again?” Boone asked staring straight into her eyes, searching for the truth.
“I do not want to wait until tonight.  I do not want to do this in the dark,” Delilah decided after a few minutes of deep contemplation.  “I will take the front door.  You take the back.”
“It sounds like the woman is in the living room.  I can hear her sobbing.  It is soft, but she is crying.  I can also detect a third heartbeat.  It is faint.  I think it is Mr. Kruger.  I believe he is hurt, maybe unconscious.  And I smell blood.  But I cannot tell if it is his blood or hers.”
“Where is Walters?” Delilah asked.
“He is in the front of the house, in the living room.  But I cannot discern his thoughts.”
“So you go around back and break in from the kitchen.  When Walters hears the door being busted off the hinges, I will enter from the front.  Then we will take him down.”
“Get your rope ready and let’s get this over with.  We have spent too much time on this one.  I am ready to get this done and go home,” Boone snarled.
“No need to growl at me,” Delilah chuckled.  “Save the teeth and fur for the sicko inside.”
“Works for me,” Boone snickered.  “Just do not be shocked if a large tan wolf comes through the door.”
Delilah smiled.  She had only seen Boone as a wolf from afar.  Of course, she would never admit it.  “Whatever it takes to get the job done.  Then we can collect our money and go home.”
Delilah and Boone prepared to storm the farmhouse; Delilah with her knife and rope; Boone with his knife in his boot and his pistol tucked into his pants.  They moved to the corner of the garage and peeked towards the house.  Boone gazed at Delilah for a moment; a tender moment and winked.  “Please, do not get shot again,” he begged.  “My heart could not take it.”
“Just worry about yourself.  I am ready for the asshole this time,” Delilah smiled.  “Get going already.”
Boone took off running towards the back of the house, and Delilah moved to the porch.  Once on the porch which framed the entire front of the house, Delilah flattened herself to the front facade of the house next to the door.  Silently she waited for Boone to enter from the kitchen.  When she heard Boone’s massive shoulder connect with the wooden entrance, she busted through the front door.  Suddenly a feeling of dread surrounded her.  It happened so quickly.  Too fast for Delilah to even think about anything.  The sound was so loud she nearly froze in her tracks.  Her body shook with fear as the house shook around her.  She could feel the house and the ground shake.  She could hear the breaking glass and the tearing of wood and metal.  She could smell smoke and blood.
It only took seconds for Delilah to comprehend what had happened.  Walters had booby-trapped the back door with explosives.  The blast was not large enough to destroy the entire house, but it was sufficient to kill the person entering through the kitchen door.  Delilah’s level of fear jumped a gazillion percent.  Not fear for her safety but for Boone’s.
Delilah had to make a snap decision.  Rescue Boone or capture Walters.  Her fear quickly turned to anger.  She was incensed with the idea that Boone was hurt, probably burned, or possibly dead.  And Walters would pay.  He would pay dearly.
She looked up and saw the surprised look on Walters' face as he saw a tall, shapely and beautiful woman coming towards filled with enough vehemence to take down the whole world with her bare hands.  With her golden colored rope in her hand, Delilah moved towards Walters with determination.  Her goal was to capture Walters and then rush to Boone.  She silently prayed he was okay.  Maybe the blast only knocked him out, she thought.
Walters raised the shotgun he had beside him and aimed it towards Delilah.  As the barrel leveled mid-mass, Delilah screamed.  “Not again, asshole!” she seethed and started twirling the rope as if it was a lasso.
Walters paused in confusion.  How was a tall, dark-haired Barbie Doll going to take him down with a piece of rope no thicker than an electrical cord?  He nearly laughed at the thought.  When Delilah saw the familiar smile of amusement on Walters' face, she knew she had won.  It was the same face each of her conquests exhibited right before she ensnared them.  She smiled back through her clenched teeth.
Delilah was barely cognizant of Mrs. Kruger tied up in a kitchen chair which had been placed in the middle of the room.  Nor did she acknowledge the barely breathing and unconscious body of Mr. Kruger lying behind her.  Delilah was focused on capturing Walters and finding Boone before it was too late.  She had to save Boone despite any collateral damage.
It only took two twirls of the makeshift lasso before Delilah tossed it.  How many times have I done this? Delilah thought to herself.  She had never counted, but she knew it was a lot.  The lasso caught Walters’ free arm, but it was all that was necessary.  One circle of the rope encircling any part of his body was sufficient.  “Drop the gun and tie yourself up,” Delilah laughed.  She knew the magic of the rope.  Walters would have to do whatever she wanted.
Delilah dropped the end of the rope still in her hand and ran to the back of the house.  Entering the once quaint country kitchen, she saw the kitchen door, and its frame was destroyed.  Delilah rushed to the exit.  She could see the back porch had collapsed.  The blast had been strong enough to blow Boone back into the yard behind the house.  There was debris everywhere.  From the doorway, Delilah scanned the burning wreckage for Boone.  Seeing a fire extinguisher next to the stove, she grabbed it.  “Boone,” she called out in panic.  “Hooxei, where are you?”
Delilah thought she saw some of the burning wood moving.  She jumped to the ground and rushed to the spot and aimed the fire extinguisher at the flame.  “Hold your breath while I put out the fire!” Delilah screamed just before discharging the extinguisher.  Once the fire was out, she threw the empty canister down and started digging through the rubble.  She could hear a soft cough, maybe a growl.  She wasn’t sure which, but she knew Boone was buried under the wreckage of the porch.  Digging frantically, Delilah's tears came torrential.
Then she saw him.  Not Boone the man but Hooxei, the wolf.  She sighed once in relief because she had found him.  Then her adrenaline really kicked in.  “I am here Hooxei.  I will have you out in a moment.”  Delilah frantically moved pieces of wood and metal off of Boone.  She stared at his tan fur and at his size.  He was so much larger than a natural wolf.
When Boone was nearly freed, Delilah leaned in and kissed him in the middle of his back.  “Are you okay?  Are you hurt?  Say something!” Delilah beseeched.  
Of course, the wolf could not reply in human words.  He growled softly and started moving as if he was trying to shake the rest of the debris off of him.  Delilah jumped up in anticipation of her wolf standing.  And he did.  Delilah nearly jumped with joy.  “You are okay,” she cried.  But this time, her tears were ones of joy, not fear.
Delilah stared into the emerald green eyes standing before her.  So happy, she hugged the wolf’s neck.  Boone pushed her back.  He shook himself again like a wet animal shaking off water and then he took a deep breath.  Exhaling he turned human.
“Did you get the bastard?” Boone screamed furiously as he took inventory of himself and his clothing.  His clothes were riddled with holes both from the fire and the explosion.  He had several cuts and burns over his body and face.
“You know I did.” Delilah laughed.  “You look a little worse for wear, though.  How do you feel?”
“The blast was just enough to blow up the door and porch.  My clothes are charred, but overall I am okay.  It is nothing a hot shower and a cold beer cannot cure.”
“Let’s get back to Walters and get the hell out of here,” Delilah exclaimed.  “This is the worst grab and go ever.”
“I think we are going to have company soon.  I hear a fire truck,” Boone revealed.  “And I am sure a cop or two.”
Boone and Delilah rushed into the house.  Walters was sitting on the floor where Delilah had left him.  Boone laughed as he saw nothing but a loop of Delilah rope around Walters left wrist.  “Damn woman.  You gotta get me one of those.”
“Flex cuffs,” Delilah replied.
“Flex cuffs?”
“Give me your flex cuffs before the locals get here,” Delilah explained.  “They are much easier to explain than my rope.”
“Oh yeah,” Boone mused and reached into his back pocket.  He slammed Walters to the ground, face down and secured the orange plastic cuffs around his wrists.  He rolled Delilah’s rope into a small loop and slid it into his pocket for safe keeping.
“Let’s take a look at Mr. and Mrs. Kruger while we are waiting,” Boone suggested.  “We have a few minutes before the Calvary arrives.”
“I will untie the missus,” Delilah replied now cognizant of the elderly couple.  “I do not think the old man is doing so well.”
“He is alive.  His heartbeat is weak, but it is beating steady.  I will heal a few of the more severe external injuries while you clean up Mrs. Kruger.  They will both be fine physically, but the emotional scars are going to run deep.”
“Is there anything you can do?” Delilah asked.
“Not with company coming up the road.  I do not have time to heal them and erase the memory of what has happened today.  Mr. Kruger is going to need more than I can do within the next two minutes.”
Delilah frowned.  At least they did not see the wolf.
Boone leaned over Mr. Kruger.  He pushed the will to live to him.  Boone told him he would be okay; his wife would be fine.  It was all he could do before the local authorities arrived.  He quickly moved to Mrs. Kruger and pushed a similar thought to her.
Boone moved next to Walters, who was still on his stomach restrained.  Delilah stood next to Boone.  Moments later two local police officers rushed through the front door, guns pulled and pointed at Boone and Delilah.  Boone extended his right hand with his bounty hunter credentials displayed.
“My partner, Delilah,” Boone stated as an introduction.  “Are there any EMTs with you?  Mr. Kruger needs a doctor and soon.  Mrs. Kruger could use a little medical attention as well.”
The officers stared at Delilah in amazement and in awe of her beauty.  And then they saw the crime scene around them.  “What happened here?”
Delilah spoke first.  “This is Carl Walters.  He is wanted in Wisconsin for the murder of ten college girls.  There is a big bounty on his head, dead or alive.  We have kept him alive.  He needs to suffer for what he did to those poor girls.”
“You caught this guy?  What happened to the back of the house?”
“Booby-trapped,” Boone explained, displaying his charred clothing.  “But there was not enough explosives to take down the entire structure.  It was just enough to slow me down a bit.”
“Do either of you need any medical attention?” one of the EMTs asked while staring at Boone and his burnt and torn clothing.
“We are fine,” Boone stated for both him and Delilah.  Boone knew most of his cuts and burns had already healed.  He looked worse than he actually was.  He would be totally healed by the time he reached the hotel.  “We just need a shower and a change of clothes.  After we get our paycheck, we will be on our way.”
It took only a few minutes for the EMTs to load the Krugers into the back of the ambulance and leave for the nearest hospital nearly twenty miles away.  “I will call some friends to secure the house after we process everything.  We will have the place cleaned up before Ethel and Martin come home,” the police chief announced.  “Martin was a loyal civil servant for over forty years.  He is like a father to all of us.”
The police chief sighed again as he surveyed all the damage.  “Why don’t the two of you get cleaned up and come down to the station.  We will need your statements, and then we will get y’all paid.”
Boone and Delilah nodded and left.  A few minutes later they were back in Boone’s SUV and headed into town.  “Are we spending the night?” Boone asked as they arrived at the motel where Delilah’s SUV was still parked.
“Get two rooms,” Delilah sighed.  “I have been shot.  You have been blown up.  I am too tired to drive home.”

****

Thirty minutes later Boone and Delilah met back in the parking lot showered and in clean clothes.  “Here’s your rope,” Boone stated handing Delilah her golden hand woven restraint.  “Let’s get this over with so we can eat and then get some sleep.  I have a long drive tomorrow.”
“Me too,” Delilah announced while giving nothing away.
The unlikely duo headed to the police station to complete their statements and to get paid.  The Police Chief had the virtual paperwork ready, handing them each a tablet.  “This should make the two of you quite rich for a while.  I have never seen a bounty so large.  The state of Wisconsin is thrilled to have this bastard in custody.  You are quite the heroes.”
“Mr. and Mrs. Kruger are the real heroes,” Boone rebutted.  “I would like to donate half of my share to the renovation of their home.”
“That is a quarter of a million dollars, son,” the Police Chief exclaimed in surprise.
“Still, they deserve it for what they had to endure,” Boone stated sadly.  “They did not ask to be a part of Walters’ reign of terror.”
“Me too,” Delilah announced.  “I can live on the remainder for the winter.”
The Police Chief shook both Boone’s and Delilah’s hands and smiled.  He beamed as he made arrangements for the division of the money.  “We will be able to make the house as good as new with your donations.”
“Huxley?” the clerk questioned looking up at Boone.  “What kind of name is that?  Did your parents hate you?”
“It is just a name,” Boone shrugged.  He knew neither of his parents named him Huxley.  He had taken the name on his own.
“You are too handsome for a name like Huxley,” the clerk cooed before she felt Delilah’s cold stare.  “Sorry,” the clerk smirked and looked back at her computer.  “All funds have been transferred, Mr. Boone.  Ms. Wodan, you are next.”
“Wodan?” Boone smiled as he learned Delilah’s last name.
“It is just a name,” Delilah smiled as she signed her name on the tablet.  Glancing at Boone, she announced, “Let’s go.”  Delilah turned and headed for the exit.  Boone quickly caught up with her outside.
“Hell woman, how did you get them to reimburse you for your destroyed jeans?”  
“Just a trick I know,” Delilah grinned smugly.
“What are you; some kind of charmer?  A Nephilim?”  
“Me, an angel?” Delilah laughed.  “I am so much more than that!”
Boone thought for a moment.  What’s more than an angel?  Then his eyes went wide, and he stared at Delilah.  Delilah smiled and continued walking.
“So where do we go from here?” Boone asked realizing Delilah wasn't going to answer his question about being a half angel.
“I do not know about we, but you are buying me dinner and a bottle of wine.”
“Me?  I thought this was a joint effort,” Boone countered.
“I took the psycho down.  I restrained him.  You gotta buy dinner and drinks.”
Boone shook his head in disbelief.  But fair was fair, and she did capture Walters, not him.  Boone then nodded in agreement.  “Pick a place,” Boone acquiesced.
“I know of a great lodge nearby with the thickest prime rib in the state of Wyoming.  And their wine selection is adequate.”
“I could go for some prime rib,” Boone smiled with an approving nod.  “Lead the way.”
Thirty minutes later Delilah was pulling into the parking lot of the lodge.  They quickly placed their food and drink orders.  Boone stared at his glass of beer while Delilah stared at her glass of sweet red wine.  It was awkward.  Boone wanted to know more about Delilah.  He also wanted to know what she knew about him.  She already knew his real name, that he was a wolf and that he had the ability to heal.
Delilah was apprehensive to reveal what she knew.  Her duty was only to watch over Boone, to protect him, to keep him safe.  But after ten years and watching over him from afar she had spent the entire day at his side.  The tortured lonely wolf was a man, a real man.  He had protected her today.  He had healed her today.  Their relationship had drastically changed in the past ten hours.  They had both shown their human side, their emotions, their happiness and their fear.
Delilah was afraid if she revealed everything she knew, he would hate her.  And it would devastate her.  It had been a very long time since she had someone she could consider a friend, a confidante.  They both had secrets.  But could she trust him with hers?  He could trust her.  He just did not know it yet.
“Wodan?” Boone asked again breaking the deafening silence.
“Yes.  My father is of Germanic descent.”
“But you have dark features,” Boone stated as a question.
“My mother was French-Canadian,” Delilah revealed.
“That explains the accent,” Boone chuckled.  “And the medicine pouch?” Boone added as a question.
“It conceals the amulet my father gave me.”
Boone was curious, but he did not ask for more details.  He did not want to pry or to lose her trust.  She could trust him.  She just did not know it yet.
“Well, I do not exactly look like my mother,” Boone grinned.  “I guess I look like my father, but I have never met him so I do not really know.”
“Your mother never told you and your grandparents about your father?” Delilah asked confused.
“My mother died giving birth to me.  My grandparents never talked about my father.  They told me what he was but never who he was.  He is not even named on my birth certificate.”
Delilah quickly realized Boone knew none of the truth about his heritage.  There was so much he needed to know.  But how much and how soon?  It was a lot to reveal on their first day together.
Luckily the arrival of their dinner gave Delilah a reprieve from the doom looming over their conversation.  It gave her more time to think.
The silence throughout dinner was overwhelming.  Both needed to talk.  Both needed answers.  Both knew it was neither the time nor the place.  The lodge was not crowded, but it was public.  This was a conversation to have out of the public eye; in private.
After dinner, they split a heavenly chocolate soufflé and left the lodge.  The drive back to the motel was equally quiet.  Boone pulled into a convenient store and picked up more beer and wine.  Delilah followed Boone into his motel room.
Delilah sat nervously at the end of the king size bed.  After pouring Delilah a glass of sweet red wine, actually a disposable plastic cup of wine, Boone sat on the only chair in the room.  Delilah took a large sip of wine and then took a deep breath.
“Hooxei,” she started.  “I know a lot about you.  I like you, and I do not want you to think I have been keeping secrets from you.  I do not want to tell you everything.  Not tonight.  But I will tell you about your father.”
“You know who my father is?”
“Yes,” Delilah revealed and reached out and took Boone’s hand.  “Let’s sit together.”
Delilah slid onto the floor with her back braced against the well-used bed.  “I will tell you the truth.  I will not lie to you.  I just cannot tell you everything.  Not yet.  But I will, in time.”
Boone joined Delilah on the floor and stared into her eyes.  He knew she was sad and frightened.  Not frightened of him but of the story she was about to tell.  His body became tense as he readied himself for the story about to unwind before him.  He took another draw of his beer and waited for Delilah to start.


Chapter 4 - Daddy

Delilah took another deep breath.  “Your mother met a man many years older than she was.  She was barely an adult; just eighteen.  As you know, your father was different.  He was a wolf.  He was of European ancestry, Scandinavian.  He was tall and muscular; very stunning, with blonde hair and bright green eyes.  He had emerald green eyes, just like yours.”
Boone smiled for a moment.  Now he knew where he got his coloring and his build.
“When your mother found out she was pregnant with you, she went home to her parents.  After giving birth, she left you with them.  She abandoned you and went back to her lover, back to your father.”
“I thought she died giving birth to me,” Boone seethed.  He was hurt and angry.  He had been deceived by his grandparents.  They had lied to him his entire life.
“About three years later, your mother had another child, a girl.  She did die giving birth to Star,” Delilah revealed.  “Star looked like your mom, a raven-haired beauty.  She was raised by your aunt in Colorado Springs.  Your grandparents never knew about her.”
“I have a sister?” Boone asked, confused and concerned.  He could barely remain seated.
Delilah continued.  “Star ran away when she was about sixteen, in the spring of 2012 and found her father, your father.  But Star never told him who she was because she was afraid he would shun her.  She had never turned wolf.  Even though she was half wolf, her wolf gene was dormant.  Your aunt had found a doctor who had invented a drug which could kill the wolf gene.  Your father would have had Star killed had he known the truth.  The shame would have been too great for a man in his position and with his reputation.”
“Who is this bastard?” Boone demanded, his patience starting to wane.
Delilah continued with her story, not answering Boone's question.  “Your father was killed a few months later; in October of 2012.”
“Where is Star?  Where can I find her?” Boone implored.
“Star stayed with the pack and became the lover of the man who became Alpha when you father was killed.  His name was Jeremiah Roth.  Star never revealed who she was or what she was.  Star had a very hard life.  She wanted to be someone important but with her wolf gene eliminated, she was nothing but a human.  She would never be anything but Roth’s lover.  She could never be his mate.”
“How do you know all this?”  Boone was becoming more agitated with each revelation.
Delilah was afraid to answer Boone’s questions.  She did not know how much to disclose.  She finished her wine and held out the disposable plastic cup indicating she needed more fortitude, more liquid courage, to continue.  Boone hated that Delilah was stalling, but he understood her apprehensions.  Boone took the cup from her proffered hand and stood.  After pouring Delilah another cup of wine, he finished his bottle of beer and opened another.
Boone sat in front of Delilah.  So close, they were almost touching.  “Who was my father?” Boone asked again, almost pleading.  His voice was soft but filled with hesitation and fear.
“His name was Rafer Henrikson,” Delilah revealed, almost whispering.  She looked down at the worn carpeting as she replied.
“I know him!” Boone screamed and then quickly lowered his voice.  “I came across his pack back in 2010.  I was only eighteen.  But how do you know all of this?”
“I have been following you and your family for years.  I know a lot about your family.  You have many half-siblings.”
“I have more family?  I have other brothers and sisters?”  Boone’s eyes were wide and his body nearly trembling with excitement.
“Yes, quite a few.  Your father mated with many women.  Some were willing mates, some not so willing.”
Boone’s excitement quickly turned to fear and revulsion.  “You mean he raped some of them?”
“As you know your father was not a nice man,” Delilah unveiled while frowning and still looking down to the floor.  She had a hard time looking at Boone.  Not because she was afraid of him, but because she feared he would see the sadness and pity in her eyes.  And she was afraid of seeing the pain in his eyes.  It would have broken her into a million pieces.
“You know who my brothers and sisters are?  You know who my family is?”
“You have met one of your half sisters,” Delilah disclosed, still afraid to look at Boone.
“I have?  When?”  Boone nearly jumped up again.
“It was when you were in Colorado.  A young girl named Rayne.”
Boone remembered thinking about a young girl the night he had the confrontation with the bikers.  “I was just thinking about her the other day.  She is my sister too?  I did not know.  Her hair was darker than mine, and her eyes were light brown.  I thought she was an orphan wolf being raised by the pack.  No one ever said who her father was.  It was kept a secret.”
“Yes, she is your half sister,” Delilah answered succinctly not revealing the green eye connection.  Of course, Boone would not have known Rayne’s eyes were only green when she turned wolf.  Rayne had not yet turned wolf for the first time.  She had been too young when Boone was with the pack.
“Is she okay?  And where is Star?” Boone asked frantically.  It was if he was ready to run from the room and head to wherever they were to find them.
“Rayne is okay.  She is in Tennessee with your half-siblings and her grandfather.  She has a mate and two beautiful pups.  She is surrounded by lots of love.”  Delilah had to pause for another large sip of wine before she continued.  “Star is dead.  Roth had Star killed in 2015 to get her out of the way.  It was shortly before he tried to kidnap your sister Rayne to mate with.  Roth was murdered the night Rayne turned eighteen by the current Alpha of the pack once ruled by your father.”  Delilah omitted the current Alpha was Boone's half-nephew; his father being another of Boone's half brothers.
Boone sat there in shock.  There were so many revelations.  He knew nothing about any of it.  His grandparents had hidden the truth from him.  He actually wondered if they knew any of what Delilah was telling him.  His shock turned to sadness.  His sadness turned to anger.
“You have known all these years?  Hell, we have been running in the same circles for nearly ten years.  Why did you wait so long to tell me?” Boone demanded.
Delilah was practically in tears.  She was sad about what she had told Boone.  She was sad fearing Boone would hate her, even detest her.  “Your life has been difficult.  You were raised by your grandparents.  Your grandmother is Arapaho, your grandfather a white man.  Couple it with your father being a power driven asshole of a wolf.  Tell me, when would have been a good time to tell you?”
“I am thirty-one years old, and I knew none of this.  I have known you for ten years.  You have waited ten years to tell me?!?”  Boone’s anger was starting to take over his entire being.
“I was only supposed to watch over you, not reveal your secrets,” Delilah whispered as she started to cry.  She could no longer hold back her tears.
Boone realized telling the story was just as hard on Delilah to tell as it was for him to hear it.  And her tears overwhelmed Boone more than his own anger.  Delilah's tears were more torrential than they had been earlier in the day when she had been shot; more agonizing than when Delilah thought Boone had been injured or killed in the explosion.  Her tears showed her pain and her fear.  Boone pulled Delilah into his arms and held her while she cried.  He could feel her body shake.  “I am sorry Hooxei.  I really am.  Please do not hate me.”
“I could never hate you,” Boone whispered as he held her and inhaled deeply.  Her scent calmed him.  She was his solace; a welcome balm to his aching heart.  “So where do we go from here?”
“We go home to Red Mountain.”
Boone pulled back holding Delilah at arm’s length.  He looked at Delilah confused.
“Red Mountain is my home too.  I live on the mountain.”
Boone had so many questions swirling through his brain.  But he was not sure how much more he could handle in one night.  “I want to know more.”
“In time, Hooxei.  But tonight we sleep.  It is an eight-hour drive home.”
“I will see you to your room,” Boone offered as he stood and presented Delilah, his hand.  While he wanted to know more, he would not push Delilah for more information.  Boone knew it would be too hard on her.  And he was still trying to wrap his head around what she had already told him.  He had learned more about himself in one day than he had learned in his entire life.  His thoughts and emotions were all over the map.  It was like a roller coaster ride that never ended.  Between a headache and the heartache, he was feeling physically ill.
“Will you be able to sleep tonight?” Delilah asked as Boone as he pulled her off the floor.
“I doubt it,” Boone smirked.
“Then I will stay.  The bed is big enough for both of us,” Delilah offered with her mind already made up.  She did not want to be alone either.  Delilah still felt abandoned by her father.  She needed to feel wanted, needed.  She felt so forsaken.  Her heart physically hurt.
Boone’s mouth gaped in utter terror and surprise.  Sure he and Delilah had known each other for ten years but today was the first day they had actually spoken to each other for more than exchanging common pleasantries.  While she knew quite a bit about him, for all intents and purposes, she was a total stranger to him.
“I know this is your first time sleeping with a woman, Hooxei,” Delilah chuckled.  “But I am not talking about sex.  I am talking about sleeping.  I have a feeling you need someone with you tonight.  I cannot protect you from falling asleep while driving home tomorrow.  But I can provide you comfort tonight.  We both need to sleep.”
“Why do you call me Hooxei?”
“It is who you are.  It is what you are.  Plus it is a beautiful name.”
“So what do I call you?  Angel?” Boone asked.
“I am so not an Angel?” Delilah laughed through her bloodshot and swollen eyes.
“Then what are you?”
“In time, Hooxei,” Delilah smiled.
Boone removed his shirt, revealing his muscular torso and arms.  He excused himself and went into the bathroom.  When Boone returned, he found Delilah already in bed, wearing the shirt he had just removed.  He looked at her surprised.  He had never shared a bed with a woman nor have one wear his shirt.
“It smells like you, Wolf and strawberries,” Delilah giggled wrapping her arms around herself.  “It is quite an alluring combination.”
Boone wasn’t sure whether to be insulted or to laugh.  “I smell like strawberries?”
“To me you do.”
“You smell like fresh honey.  You taste like it too,” Boone confessed as his face turned bright red with embarrassment.
“It must be all the wine I drink.  Daddy makes it with honey.”
“Your father weaves rope and makes his own wine,” Boone mused.  “You need to tell me more about this guy.”
“In time, Hooxei,” Delilah smiled.
“In time, Hooxei,” Boone mocked trying to feign a humorous tone.  “You need a new line, Angel.”
“Climb in,” Delilah laughed watching Boone’s apprehensions.  Boone moved to the far side of the bed and gingerly crawled under the covers while staying as far away from Delilah as possible.
“Are you sleeping with your pants on?” Delilah smirked as if laughing at Boone’s shyness.
“Maybe,” Boone blushed.
“I don’t bite,” Delilah laughed.  “That is your territory.”
Boone turned off the overhead light and then removed his pants while still hidden under the bedding.  “Better?” Boone asked.
“Boxers or briefs?” Delilah asked, amused.
“You really like this, don't you?”  His tone showed he was a bit annoyed and embarrassed.
“All in good fun my strawberry wolf,” Delilah giggled.
Delilah curled up lying on her side looking at Boone.  The faint light coming into the room from the neon signs outside made his green eyes glow.  Boone stared at the ceiling.  He could not relax.  First, there was a beautiful woman in the bed next to him, and second, his mind was still swimming from everything he had learned about his family.  The truths and the lies swirling together like a giant and dangerous whirlpool.  It made his head spin.  It made him dizzy and nauseous.
“Take my hand,” Delilah whispered.  She moved her hand closer to Boone.  Reluctantly he took it.  “Now close your eyes.”
Boone closed his eyes.  But feeling the warmth of Delilah’s hand intertwined with his caused his heart to flutter.  Barely audible Delilah started singing a lullaby in French.  Boone did not understand the words, but he found it soothing and relaxing.  Finally, Boone succumbed to sleep.

****

Boone awoke with Delilah in his arms.  Sometime during the night, they had gravitated to the center of the bed and became intertwined.  Until Boone began to move away, he had not realized his left hand had moved under the shirt Delilah was wearing and had firmly attached itself to Delilah’s right breast.  Boone inhaled Delilah’s scent before he cautiously moved his hand and then backed away from her and to the edge of the bed.  After a few moments of contemplation, he slid out of the bed, grabbed his jeans off the floor and scurried into the bathroom.
Delilah had been awake the entire time and smiled.  She giggled at the sight of Boone's black boxer briefs and his tight round butt as he slid into the bathroom.  When Delilah heard the water from the shower, she rose, dressed and went back to her room to ready for a long drive ahead of her.  Before leaving the room, she left Boone a note.

*I’ll be at the diner in 30 minutes. Meet me for breakfast*

Thirty minutes later, Boone entered the diner the two had eaten lunch in the day before.  He looked around for Delilah but did not see her.  But then Boone heard her voice.  “My partner is here,” she chuckled in amusement.  She could smell his scent.  The wall of men turned revealing Delilah sitting at a table.  “Sorry, they just wanted to meet the woman who took Walters down.  I am becoming quite the legend around town.”
Boone sauntered through the crowd and towards Delilah.  “We would like to eat in peace before we head home,” Boone growled as Delilah’s male admirers quickly dispersed.
“Possessive?” Delilah smirked.
“Private,” Boone rebutted.  “I like my privacy.”
“Understood.  By the way, the coffee is quite good here.  I have already ordered for the both of us.  Steak Omelet?”
“I do like my beef,” Boone joked and smiled big.
“See we have something in common,” Delilah laughed.  “I like good food and lots of it.”
“How do you stay so thin?” Boone asked.
“Genetics.  And you?”
“Genetics.  I have a very high metabolism.”
“Good, because I ordered enough food to feed a small army,” Delilah confessed.  “An army of two.”
“Sometimes that is all it takes,” Boone boasted as the waitress arrived with only a portion of the food Delilah had ordered.
“Breakfast is on me since you bought dinner last night,” Delilah stated.  Then she sweetly smiled as she surveyed all the food she had ordered; juice, three egg omelets, toast, hash browns, and sliced tomatoes.
“But I lost the bet,” Boone countered with a hint of disappointment in his voice.
“The bet was null and void the moment we teamed up.”
“And when exactly was that?” Boone queried.
“The moment you ruined my coat.”
“Oh that,” Boone suddenly remembered, his jaw clenched.
“I have already ordered a new one.  I will send you the bill.”
“How much is this going to put me back?”
Delilah pursed her lips to keep from laughing.  “More than you can expect.”
Boone paused and took a long sip of coffee.  “This is good.  I was thinking...it is a long drive home, and I thought maybe you could tell me more of the story.  We could keep each other company on the road; in separate vehicles, of course.”
“Sorry, but it is a conversation to be had face to face.  If Daddy hears us revealing top secret information over the phone, he will ensure eight hours of zero cell phone reception.”
“Who the hell is your father?” Boone demanded.  “He sounds like either one scary ass guy or one very powerful one.”
“Yes,” Delilah replied in a word.  “But we can talk about other things; share our music.  We just cannot talk about our secrets.”
“It is gonna be a long day.”
“It is going to be a long day regardless.”
“So where exactly do you live?” Boone asked.
“Raven Hill,” Delilah replied.
“You have a house on Raven Hill?” Boone asked his eyes wide and his jaw hanging.
“Yes.”
“Damn.  I always heard it was some old recluse who lived up there.  I laugh about it every time I pass the gate on my way home.”
“Well,” Delilah smirked drawing out the word for several syllables.  “An old recluse does live up there; me.”
“I don’t believe old.  And I do not understand the recluse part.  Damn woman, you are gorgeous.  I would imagine men beating down a path to your door twenty-four hours a day.”
“I have my reasons for being a recluse.  I am not lonely.  I like my life.  I like my home.  Daddy built it for me.  I have lived on Raven Hill for a very long time.”
“Your daddy gave you a house?  You are a daddy’s girl?” Boone sneered in disgust.
“It is nothing like that,” Delilah tried to explain as she reached across the table and patted the back of Boone’s hand.  “He has bought a house for all of his children.”
“How many brothers and sisters do you have?”
“Too many to count.  And trust me, I have never counted.  I cannot even name them all,” Delilah smirked.  She tried to laugh, but the smile failed to reach her now veiled eyes.  “I will have you over to the house.  I will make you dinner.”
“You cook?”
“I can.  I am not a world-class chef.  But I promise you will live through it.”
“It is a date,” Boone quipped and then realized what he had said.  “Not a date...I mean...I mean I will come over.”
“Definitely not a date, Huxley,” Delilah concurred calling him by his English name.  “I like you, but only as a friend; nothing more.  I don’t do relationships.”
“How about as a partner?” Boone suggested.  “We make a great team.”
“That we do,” Delilah smiled.  “Partners.  I like it.  We can talk about it on the way home.”  Delilah pulled her cell phone out of her pocket.  “Give me your number Hooxei Bo’ooneih.”

****

As soon as Boone and Delilah pulled onto the southbound lane of the interstate, Boone’s phone rang.  Boone activated the speakerphone.  “Hi Angel,” Boone laughed.
“I am not an angel,” Delilah replied impatiently.
“Whatever, Angel,” Boone laughed again.  “Thirty minutes down, too many hours to go.”
“I was thinking of us being partners,” Delilah announced.  “You know, working together.”
“You are talking half the take-home pay,” Boone reminded her.  “But I forgot.  You got Daddy.”
“I make my own way,” Delilah rebutted.
“What about the house?”
“It is just a house.  A lot of parents buy their kids houses.”
“Not mine.”
“I am sorry, Hooxei.  Things could not have been easy growing up.”
“My life wasn’t that bad.  My grandparents took good care of me.  They loved me, provided what they could for me.  They were there for me when I turned a...teenager,” Boone proclaimed.  “Sure there have been lonely times.  But I did not mind.  I still do not mind.  I have everything I need.”
“Everything?” Delilah asked.
“For now, yes.  Maybe someday I will find a woman who will love me for who I am.  But I am in no rush.”
“Any woman would be lucky to have you.  You are a good person; a good man.”
“Thank you, Delilah.  I hope your right,” Boone sighed.  “So you really think we should make a go at being partners?”
“It would be nice not traveling alone all the time.  Sure there will be twice the expenses and half the income...oops,” Delilah paused.  “It sounds like I am trying to talk you out of teaming up.  I know there are probably more cons than pros so I am just going to throw out the biggest advantage of...”
“We both have secrets,” Boone interjected.
“Yes.  And no one we can trust with our secrets,” Delilah exclaimed in a guarded tone.
“But you have not shared any of your secrets with me, Angel,” Boone reminded Delilah.
“I know.  I know,” Delilah sighed in exasperation.  “It is just...well, the last time I thought I could trust someone it went bad, horribly bad.  My father still has not forgiven me for it.  I royally screwed up, and I put myself and my family in danger.”
“So you do not trust me?” Boone asked defensively.
“I do trust you.  I trust you with my very life.  I just cannot seem to form the words.  Not yet.  But someday, I promise,” Delilah implored.
“Why don’t we table our partnership for now?  Let’s think about it for a few days and talk again,” Boone suggested as a way to change the subject.
“I agree,” Delilah replied.  “So how to kill seven more hours?”
“Follow me,” Boone laughed.
“Uh?” Delilah exclaimed.  Boone was in the vehicle behind her.  Or so she thought.  Within seconds, Boone passed her and sped away.  
“Whoa.  Slow down.  I do not need any speeding tickets,” Delilah exclaimed as she pushed down the accelerator to catch up with Boone.
“I know every speed trap between here and Red Mountain.  Try to keep up with me, little lady.”
“Little lady?  Really?  I am almost as tall as you,” Delilah scowled as she pushed the accelerator further to the floor board.  “I hope you know these roads well.  I would like to get home in one piece.”
“Trust me?” Boone asked with an amused tone.
“Yes.”
“Then let’s get home before dark!”
It took a while for Delilah to relax and become comfortable driving at such a high speed.  “How fast are we going?  My speedometer is maxed out.”
“Do not ask a question you do not want to know the answer to,” Boone warned.
“Fair enough.  So what do we do now?”
“Listen to music?” Boone suggested.
“Boring!”
“Play a game?”
“What kind of game?”
“When I was little, whenever we went somewhere in the car, my grandmother would play car games.  I know a few.  It might sound silly and juvenile, but it will make the time go by faster.”
“What do you got?” Delilah asked.
“This road is fairly deserted.  So we cannot pick a color of a car and see who counts the most cars that color and we cannot collect license plates from different states.  So consider those games useless.”
“What else you got?”
“I spy.”
“What in Valhalla is that?”
“I pick a color of something I see and then I say 'I spy something' that color and you have to guess what I see,” Boone explained.
“Boone, look around.  What do you see?” Delilah chuckled in a condescending tone.
“Grass, trees, more grass, more trees,” Boone laughed.
“You are hopeless.”
“But at least you are laughing.”
“Laughing at how stupid you are,” Delilah laughed loudly.
“Are we stopping for lunch?” Boone asked.
“Of course.  I like eating.”
“Yes, you do.  It is one of the things I like about you.  A woman who is not afraid to eat,” Boone confessed.
“What else do you like about me?” Delilah asked curiously.
“You are smart, beautiful and fearless.  I would not want you as my enemy.”
“You are afraid of me?”
“Not afraid.  But I know you can hold your own.  I like that.”
“I like that about you, too,” Delilah confessed.
“Get ready to slow down,” Boone warned.  “The first speed trap is approaching in about five miles.”
“When was the last time you got a ticket?”
“Never,” Boone boasted.  “Remember, I can manipulate people.”
“That is convenient.  So you slow down just so you do not get pulled over?”
“You got it!  It takes too much time having to stop,” Boone laughed.  "Plus, I cannot take the chance of losing my hunting license."
“But you will stop to eat?” Delilah joked.
“You bet.  A man’s gotta eat.”
“Our only choices for a decent restaurant are Denver or Grand Junction.  Do you want to eat early or later?”
“We will be in Denver in no time.  Since the mountains are still clear, we should be able to get from Denver to Grand Junction in three hours.”
“Denver to Grand Junction is a four-hour trip,” Delilah gasped.
“Not when you are flying.  Just keep up, Angel.”
“How long are you going to call me Angel?”
“Until you tell me everything.  It is only fair.”
“In time, Hooxei.”

****

After leaving Denver, the mountainous roads became curvy and more treacherous.  Boone knew he could drive faster, but Delilah had a hard time keeping up.  “Next time I drive,” Boone suggested.
“Put that in the pro column for us working together,” Delilah commented.
As promised, the two arrived in Grand Junction in three hours.  When they turned south, they knew they would arrive home in less than two hours; much less as long as the weather held out.  Few people traveled the road and they would take advantage of it.  Even thought they had kept their phones on, in order to talk to each other, the ride was quiet.  Neither knew how much they could or should divulge.
The duo reached Red Mountain in less than seven hours.  They both sighed aloud as they pulled onto the dirt road which led to their homes.  Boone chuckled, “All this time we were neighbors, and I never knew it.”
“Sorry for the deception,” Delilah grimaced, her voice apologetic.
Boone stopped his vehicle at the entrance to the road which led up the mountain to Raven Hill.  Delilah parked hers as well.  Both got out.  “The weather is going to change soon,” Delilah advised looking towards the sky.  “We are going to start getting snow by the end of the week.  Maybe we should plan to get together in a few days for dinner.”
“Sounds like fun.  Thursday?” Boone suggested.
“Just come on over around 6 p.m.  I am the only house on the hill.  I will have dinner ready.  And bring swim trunks.”
“You have a pool?”
“I was thinking hot tub,” Delilah snickered while imagining Boone’s bare muscular chest.  “We can relax and discuss our merger.”
The moment became awkward.  Neither knew what to do next.  Should they hug, kiss or just shake hands?  Boone proffered his hand.  Delilah accepted.  But neither wanted to let go of one another.  They needed each other.  They needed a friend, a confidante.  They needed companionship.  They held each other’s hand for what seemed like forever.  But it would never be long enough for either of them.  They smiled a bittersweet smile and said good night finally releasing the handshake.  Delilah turned and walked back to her vehicle.
Boone watched Delilah pull away, up the road to her home.  He stood frozen until he could no longer see her gold-colored SUV.  Then he headed to his cabin.  After lighting the fireplace to warm his small home, Boone stepped back outside and looked to the top of Raven Hill.  He smiled as he saw the lights of Delilah’s home.  Boone found comfort in knowing she was safely home.  He stood there for an hour feeling closer to Delilah just by seeing the lights.  They were like a beacon to his soul.
The next three days seemed like an eternity for both Boone and Delilah.  Boone spent most of the time ordering groceries and supplies for the winter.  Having a well-stocked pantry and freezer was imperative if the winter turned harsh and he became snowed in.  Delilah did much of the same.  Then Boone searched the national databases for any fugitives who might be on the run in neighboring states.  Maybe he could find a job he and Delilah could team up on.  He was looking for a reason to see her again.
Boone found one that interested him.  Without a moment’s thought, he dialed Delilah.  “There is a big reward posted for an escapee in Nebraska,” Boone announced, as she answered the phone.
“Speller’s already closing in on him,” Delilah advised.  “I talked to him this morning.”
“It is going to be a long winter,” Boone said with a worried tone.  “Once the Arctic air moves south, we are going to have a dry spell of escapees.  It happens every year.”
“We have both got enough funds to get us through the winter.  We will be okay.  Just think of it as an extended vacation,” Delilah laughed.
“I like working.  It keeps me busy,” Boone sighed in despair.  Sitting still was not his strongest forte.
“So we will find other work,” Delilah suggested.  “We can work as P.I.s during the winter.”
“Like doing stakeouts on deadbeat husbands cheating on their wives or vice versa?  No thanks,” Boone sneered.
“I am sure there is other stuff we can do,” Delilah countered.  “Just think about it and we can talk more tonight.”
“Yes, tonight,” Boone growled low and sexily.
“Did you just growl?” Delilah giggled in anticipation.
“No!” Boone quickly denied.  Yes, he found Delilah attractive but there was no way in hell he was going to cross the line and embark into a sexual relationship.  It went against everything he believed in.
“Snow is moving in late this afternoon, so you may want to come up the hill a bit early,” Delilah suggested.  She wanted to see Boone as much as he wanted to see her.  She had been hiding on Raven Hill for more years than she was ready to admit to Boone or anyone.
“I will come up after I run into town and grab a bottle of wine or two,” Boone barely whispered while trying to regain his composure.  The memory of helping Delilah remove her jeans and seeing her nearly see through red panties was racing through his brain again.
“No need.  Daddy sent another supply of wine,” Delilah advised.  “But thank you for offering.”
Boone pushed the end button and looked at himself in the mirror.  He had not shaved for several days, and he realized he was in need of a haircut.  Nice clothes.  I do not have any dressy clothes, he thought in a panic.  Too late now.
Boone showered, first a cold one and then a hot one, and shaved.  No time for a haircut.  Boone found a clean pair of jeans and ironed a white long sleeved shirt.  It was his occasional night on the town outfit.  No one had ever complained before.  The woman always smiled.  Boone cleaned the mud off his boots and took one last look.  It is just dinner, he reminded himself.  And maybe a business merger.
Boone started up the long driveway ascending to Raven Hill.  He had no idea how far up the mountain Delilah’s house was.  Boone kept watching after each turn hoping he would see the house.  He held his breath at every turn.  His life was changing.  He had a friend and maybe a business partner.  His life would never be lonely again.  He felt himself smiling but with the last turn, his smile went away.
Nestled in the peaks of Red Mountain was Raven Hill.  At first, he did not see the house; only the gate to the ten-foot high black metal fence surrounding the house.  On the ornate gate were two black metal swans with their heads facing each other.  Just feet away from the gate, the gate opened.  And the fog which concealed the house lifted.
Boone gasped at the palatial sized mansion before him.  All white stone which seemed to sparkle like diamonds in the sparse sunlight.  A bright, warm glow surrounded the estate.  It was like entering heaven.  Damn woman.  Who is your daddy?
Boone drove up to the house and parked near the door but still in the driveway.  He walked towards the elaborate portico and double doors.  The doors were big and tall, tall enough for a giant to enter.  Both were white just like the facade of the stone mansion.  Both doors were adorned with the same swans as the gate, but this time, they were carved of wood and white in color.
Before Boone could finish pondering the meaning behind the swans, the doors opened, inviting him in.  Boone had expected Delilah to meet him at the door, but she was not there.  Alone he entered the foyer and gaped at the opulence.  Everything was in white marble and gold accents.  It reminded him of a palace or at least what he imagined a palace would look like.
Boone heard Delilah calling to him and followed her voice to the kitchen.  The kitchen was small compared to the rest of the mansion but still quite large.  “Dinner will be at six, but I have some starters just about ready.  Pour yourself a glass of wine and make yourself at home,” Delilah smiled warmly.  She was happy to see him.
“Who is your daddy?” were the only words Boone could utter.
“In time, Hooxei,” Delilah laughed.  “I have set up a table on the patio for dinner and then after dinner, we can relax in the hot tub.  I hope you like it hot.”
Boone could only nod as he looked around in amazement first at Delilah and then his surroundings.  Delilah was wearing a faded pair of blue jeans instead of her usual black.  The jeans were worn and torn in all the right places.  Her feet were bare showing her perfectly manicured toes adorned with red polish.  She wore a pale pink silk camisole.  She looked more like an innocent girl than the intimidating bounty hunter Boone had seen time and time again over the past decade.  Delilah looked relaxed with her long wavy brown hair softly cascading around her shoulders.
Then Boone looked around the large eat in kitchen with large bay windows which overlooked the patio.  The room was bright and welcoming.  Despite having all the modern accouterments, it felt homey and comfortable.   “My place is a dump compared to this,” Boone muttered.
“I am sure your house meets your needs,” Delilah stated, trying to put Boone at ease.  “Daddy was a bit over the top when he had this built for me.”
“Ya think?!?”
“Yeah, I think.  There are rooms I have not seen in years.  I live in only a small part of the house.  It is way too big; too much to keep clean.”
“So why do you live here?” Boone pondered aloud.
“It makes Daddy happy.  And no one likes pissing Daddy off,” Delilah chuckled nervously.  “Plus it is close to you.”
“Are you going to tell me about that?” Boone asked suspiciously.
“Some of it.  Later; after dinner.  I thought we would talk about our merger first,” Delilah suggested.  “I believe that it could be fun.  We can pick and choose our assignments.  Only take the jobs which sound fun.  No mundane crap like sitting in the parking lot of a no-tell motel waiting for cheating scum to come out of their rented by the hour room, freshly showered and photo ready.”
“Do you really want to do this?” Boone asked.  “It will be less money to put into our personal coffers.  But then again, you do not look like you are hurting for money.”
“Daddy may have given me the house, but I still have to make it on my own, Huxley.  Daddy does not pay the bills or buy the groceries,” Delilah snapped.
Boone knew he had pushed one of Delilah’s buttons.  She had only called him Huxley once before, and it was when she was filled with disdain.  “Sorry Angel.  I guess I do not know the whole story yet.”
“You will.  In time.”

****

“You can change in the guest bathroom,” Delilah pointed as the two entered the foyer.  “I will be out in a few minutes.”
Boone opened the door Delilah had pointed to and could only shake his head in a combination of awe and disbelief.  The guest bathroom rivaled most master bathrooms.  It was larger than his master bedroom suite.  Boone changed into his swim trunks leaving his clothes folded neatly on the upholstered bench and then headed back towards the patio.
Boone wasn’t worried about being cold.  They had eaten dinner on the patio, and it was actually warm with the outdoor fire pit.  The steam coming off the hot tub promised to be perfect.  Dinner had been excellent as well.  It was nothing fancy, thick slabs of prime rib with wild rice and steamed vegetables with chocolate dipped strawberries for dessert.
Boone opened another bottle of sweet red wine and grabbed two clean wine glasses from the rack.  He walked onto the patio and smiled.  The patio was paved with large natural pieces of sandstone.  The furniture was ideal for an outdoor oasis with white metal frames and soft muted floral designs.  Small lanterns encircled the patio throwing off a warm, peaceful glow.  Boone looked up to the sky and felt solace in seeing the same stars he saw from the porch of his small cabin.  He walked over to the extra large hot tub and stepped in.  This is better than heaven.  The temperature was perfect; hot and soothing.
Delilah showed up just moments later.  She seemed to float on air.  Clad in a sheer white cover, Delilah made her way to the hot tub.  She slowly dropped the cover to the ground revealing a small white bikini with gold clasps.
She giggled as Boone gasped.  She stepped into the hot tub and sat opposite of Boone.  “Wine?” she asked, holding out her hand.
Boone picked up a bottle of wine, but he fumbled as he poured.  Delilah failed in her attempt, not to laugh.  “First time?”
“Yep,” Boone confessed holding out a glass of wine to Delilah.  “I see your leg is completely healed.”
“It is as good as new,” Delilah smiled as she took the glass of wine.  After taking a large sip, Delilah began to divulge some of her secrets.  “Daddy had this house built for me so I could watch over you.  So I could be nearby,” Delilah revealed.
“I still do not get it.  Why me?  I am no one important,” Boone shrugged.
“You descend from royalty; from the first Snow Wolves.”
Boone chuckled and took another sip of wine.  “Yeah right.”
“Boone you have powers; extra abilities which normal wolves do not.  But you do not know this because you have spent so little time with other wolves.  Like erasing the mind of the poor, elderly couple Walters held hostage.  You were able to make them forget about the horrors they had endured.  You were able to push happy thoughts into their minds.”
“Other wolves cannot do that?”
“No.  Even some of your siblings do not have the powers you do.  But you have a half sister in Tennessee who is the new Snow Wolf Queen.  You have another sister who has no abilities at all.”
“If you knew about Star, why did you not help her?” Boone asked with a hint of contempt.
“I was sent to watch over you after she was killed.  My father wanted me to be your guardian angel.”
“So you are an angel!” Boone chuckled, but his smile did not reach his eyes.
“Not even close,” Delilah grinned.
“So you are not going to tell me who your father is?”
“No, but if you would like to know more about your father, there is a book you can read.  It was written by one of your cousins.  She lives in Tennessee also.  I have a copy of the book in my library.  I figured someday you would want to know more about your family, mainly your father.”
Boone hated Delilah still did not trust him enough to disclose what she was or who her father was.
“After you read the book I will tell you about the Legends of the Snow Wolves and about the rest of your siblings.  There are quite a few.  In total, your father mated with eight women.  Normally he did not have more than one child with them.  But he did with your mother and one other woman in Cuba.  In total, he had ten children I know about.  Three are deceased including Star.  The son of your oldest half-brother is now the Alpha of the Cold River Pack.  The rest live in Tennessee.  You have three brothers and three sisters; all with emerald green eyes.”
“But Rayne did not have green eyes,” Boone rebutted.
“She does when she turns wolf,” Delilah explained.  “Only you and two others have emerald green eyes while in human form.  The rest do not.”


Chapter 5 – First Assignment

“No one else would take this case,” Delilah reminded Boone as they settled in for their first assignment together as partners.
“This is just plain creepy,” Boone shuddered as he looked around.
“I think there is another term for grave robbers but at the moment, my brain cells are frozen,” Delilah shivered wrapping her coat around her.  Delilah had received another black leather duster to replace the one Boone had cut.  And yes, Boone was shocked by the cost.  But as promised, he paid for it and with a smile.
“It is damn cold out here,” Boone shivered and surprised he could see his breath.  “It wasn’t this cold this afternoon.”
“I figured it would be a bit warmer here than in Colorado.  Sorry,” Delilah apologized while trying to stifle the noise being made by her teeth as she shivered.
“At least it is not knee high to our asses with snow,” Boone laughed trying to make the best of a bad situation.  Even with his normal body temperature being warmer than humans, he was chilled to the bone.
“But it is cold, dark and creepy.  I sure could use a giant bonfire or an electric blanket about now.”
"I think the fire would give us away, and unless you can find a very long extension cord, we are fresh out of warmth,” Boone chuckled again.
“I would be happy with a thermos full of hot chocolate or fur blanket,” Delilah mused.
“Now that I can help with,” Boone chortled.
“Uh?”
“I could turn wolf and help keep you warm,” Boone suggested.  “I would be warmer too.”
“But then we could not talk,” Delilah pouted.
“You could talk.  I could listen,” Boone offered.
“What would I talk about?”
“You, your daddy, your family,” Boone hinted.
“I have a couple of things I still have to do before I can tell you my story.  I would have thought you would have figured it out by now.  There have been plenty of hints.”
“Like what?”
“Like, I cannot tell you.  Not yet, Hooxei.”
“Cut the Hooxei crap.  You call me Hooxei only when you want to get your way,” Boone seethed.  “It is getting a bit old Delilah.  Quit trying to manipulate me.”  Boone was pissed.  His patience was wearing thin.  Delilah knew more about him than he did.  And he knew nothing about her.  Even though she knew she could trust him, she had not disclosed anything about herself or her family.
Delilah knew Boone felt betrayed by her secrecy.  Before Delilah could reply, Boone stood and turned wolf.  He lay down next to Delilah so she could keep warm.
“I am sorry, Boone,” Delilah said sincerely.  “I will tell you everything very soon.  It is just so complicated.  You will understand once you know everything.”
Hooxei growled lowly but snuggled closer to Delilah to warm her.  Delilah moved as close as she could to him.  “Much better,” she cooed.  “Thank you, Hooxei.”
The duo looked out over the dead quiet cemetery.  It was one of the oldest burial grounds in New Orleans.  Like tiny concrete houses built in rows, the dead were buried above ground due to the high water table.  Nearly half of New Orleans was at or slightly below sea level.  It took nothing more than a heavy rain for buried coffins to float to the surface; literally pop right out of the ground.  The practice of burying the dead above ground was centuries old.  In addition to coffins and caskets popping out of the ground, many believed their water supply would be contaminated as a result of the Yellow Fever epidemic which killed thousands in the 1800’s.  There were between eight and twelve thousand deaths in 1853 alone.  Growing up in Baton Rouge, Delilah remembered how her family would never travel to New Orleans during the summer months for fear of contracting the deadly disease.  It was 1905 before scientists realized mosquitoes were the cause of the illness which had plagued the city since 1817.
Many of the tombs and the wall crypts or “ovens” were no longer white but gray and crumbling.  Families would buy crypts knowing the tombs could be used over and over again.  Because of the heat and humidity in the “Cities of the Dead”, a corpse would reduce itself to ash in merely a year and a day like a mini crematorium.  After sweeping out the ash, another body could be interned in its place.  Crypts became financially practical as well.  In essence, they could be rented for 366 days.
“Someone is looting the cemetery looking for valuables.  Not the new crypts but the older ones.  They must believe the older families were buried with money, jewels, gold, or other artifacts,” Delilah reminded Boone.  Of course, he knew all this, but Delilah was spooked and needed to talk.  The silence only added to their fears.  There were no sounds in the centuries-old cemetery.  No trees, no crickets, nothing.  Boone could feel Delilah move even closer, not to keep warm but to feel safe and protected.
Hurricane and floods had done irreparable damage to the tombs over the centuries.  The nearly full moon in the night sky only added to the eeriness of the cemetery which was surrounded by a tall iron fence.  Even in the middle of the day, the sounds of the busy streets were muffled making the cemeteries quiet.  There was no artificial lighting to break the solid black night.  Legends of specters, both human, and animal, were a part of the everyday legends of the city and its people.  Nearly everyone had a ghost story to tell whether personal or passed on by a relative or a friend of a friend.
“They say the cemeteries of New Orleans are the most haunted in the world.  Voodoo, Hoodoo, witch doctors, witches; more weirdoes than you can name live in this city,” Delilah continued.  “This cemetery is over 200 years old.”  
Delilah stopped.  Talking about the cemetery was not making it less scary; it was making it even more frightening.
Boone growled lowly to show he was listening.  However, deep down, he was just as spooked as Delilah.  They had taken the job to escape the winter wonderland of Colorado.  They had hoped for a quick ending to the case and then spend a few days as tourists in the Big Easy.  It was the third night of their stake out, and they were no closer to solving the case than on the first night.
“We are going to have to step it up if we are going to solve this case,” Delilah whispered.  “We might have to actually investigate this one.  Who knows when these tomb raiders are going to return?  With the way our luck has been going this week, they may have moved on to another cemetery, and we are sitting out here freezing our asses off for nothing.”
Delilah remained silent for a few minutes.  The silence was unnerving her deep into her soul.  “Two more hours and then I need something to warm me from the inside out.  I am going to need some mulled wine.”
Boone nodded his head in agreement.  He was becoming addicted to the sweet red wine Delilah drank.  Boone rarely drank his once beloved beer when they were together.  He was convinced it was the honey.  It tasted like Delilah.  He could still remember how her blood tasted; sweet.  He was addicted to both the taste and the smell.
Delilah looked at her watch and marked the time.  Boone gazed up into the night sky and marked the position of the moon.  “Two hours,” Delilah repeated as she snuggled up closer to Boone.

****

Boone drove back to the hotel after another uneventful night.  “Head up to the room and I will get the wine,” Boone advised, heading to the hotel bar.  Boone could see Delilah was chilled to the bone.  “Try a hot shower,” he suggested.
A few minutes later, Boone entered the suite.  They decided to share a room to save money.  And if they did not solve this case soon, they would be in the red.  The reward was not big enough to cover staying more than two more days.  Boone was starting to think their decision to become partners was ill-fated.  But he agreed to give it a try through the winter.  Come spring they would reevalute their alliance.
Boone looked towards the bathroom and saw the steam seeping from under the threshold.  He had to laugh.  He knew Delilah had the water as hot as she could stand it.  He was surprised after three nights her skin wasn’t covered with third-degree burns.  “I have the wine,” he announced loud enough for Delilah to hear over the running water.
By the time Boone had changed into his flannel sleep pants, Delilah had finished her shower and donned her pink satin pajamas.  “Wine,” she cooed as she entered the room with both hands extended.  Boone slipped a large warm mug of wine into her proffered hands.
“We are going about this all wrong,” Delilah announced after drinking down half the cup of wine.  “We are waiting for them to come to us, but we need to go after them.”
Boone nodded in agreement.  “Any thoughts?”
“How good is that nose of yours,” Delilah asked.
“My nose?  Do I look like a bloodhound?”
“No, but if you can track the thieves by their scent, we can wrap this up in no time.”
Boone pondered what Delilah was suggesting.  “We can go back in the daylight, and I can try to pick up their scent while human.  Then we can try to track them down.  It would be so much easier if I did this as a wolf.”
“Even in New Orleans, a giant wolf would stand out.  Even on a leash, I think you would scare at least a few people,” Delilah laughed.
“You would put me on a leash?” Boone asked surprised Delilah would even suggest him being tethered.
“It would be a nice leash,” Delilah laughed.  “Only the best for my strawberry wolf.”
“Not in your wildest dreams, Angel,” Boone snarled with a low growl.
“Let’s get some sleep.  We will hit the bricks, or should I say cobblestones, first thing in the morning.  First, we will stop by the precinct and get the location of the crypts which were already robbed.  Then we will go from there.”
“I just hope the smell of urine, vomit, and alcohol which saturates this god-awful city does not screw with my nose.”
“Yeah, that could be a problem,” Delilah sneered in return as she climbed into one of the two double beds.  “Pleasant dreams, Hooxei.”
“Pleasant dreams, Angel.”
Despite their best efforts, three nights of sitting in a cemetery had taken a toll on both of them.  Visions of ghosts, grave robbers, black magic, and daemons permeated their dreams and refused to vacate.  Both tossed and turned all night.  Both groaned their displeasure as the sun rose and the light which came with it inched its way into the room through the cracks in the drapes.
Both grumbled in unison.  “Another hour,” Delilah whined, pulling the blanket over her head and trying to hide from the daylight.
“Let’s get this over with,” Boone countered as he reluctantly crawled out of bed.  “I am so ready to get out of this evil city.”
Delilah moaned again in discontent but rolled out of bed.  She dressed while Boone showered and then ordered a large breakfast for both of them.

****

Boone and Delilah stood outside the police precinct.  “So how are we going to get the information we need?” Boone asked.
“Depends on who is working the front desk,” Delilah shrugged.  “If it is a man, I can probably sweet talk him out of the files.  If it is a woman, that smile of yours will make her putty in your hands.”
“I hope it is that easy,” Boone mused.
“This will be a cakewalk,” Delilah smiled confidently and walked through the door with Boone in tow.
The duo was only three steps inside the precinct when Delilah froze.  “What the hell?” Boone growled.  “It is a Dhampir,” Delilah announced in a whisper and started backing her way to the door while pulling Boone with her.
Outside, Delilah leaned against the brick facade of the building.  “This is bad, really bad.”
Boone turned to face Delilah.  “What in the hell is a Dhampir?”
“This is bad, really bad,” Delilah repeated shaking her head in despair.
“What the hell is a Dhampir?” Boone demanded while trying to hold his temper in check.
“Half vampire, half human,” Delilah explained in four words.
“Vampire?  Really?  You are shitting me, right?” Boone growled.
“This is New Orleans.  Every creature and supernatural being in the world is represented here,” Delilah confessed.  “I should have known.  This really complicates everything.”
“A vampire out in broad daylight?  Can’t be,” Boone pondered.
“Not a vampire; a Dhampir, half vamp,” Delilah murmured.
Boone was still confused.  “So only half bloodsucker?”
“They can survive on blood or human food.  But I cannot use my feminine charms on them.  It will not work.”
“What about me pushing him or reading his mind?” Boone suggested.
“No such luck,” Delilah refuted shaking her head again.  “Dhampirs have their own version of mind reading and charming.  Your powers are useless with half-vamps.”
“So what do we do?  Wait until the next shift?”
“I think I can do this, but I will need to use my rope.  It will be tricky,” Delilah announced apprehensively.  She knew just mentioning the gold rope would open a virtual Pandora’s Box of questions from Boone.  “Let’s find somewhere a bit more private.”
Boone and Delilah found a nearly deserted park on the other side of Canal Street away for the tourist attractions.  Sitting together on one of the wooden benches, Delilah began.  “The rope might work.  I just need to wrap just a tiny bit of it around the wrist or maybe even a finger.”
“Are we trying to restrain the vamp,” Boone countered.
“No,” Delilah sighed.  “The rope has many uses.  Yes, I use it to restrain my grabs but...”
“Wait!” Boone called out.  “I remember now.  I knew I had seen your rope before.  I was just a kid.  It was a comic book...”
Before Boone could finish Delilah jumped up and yelled at him.  Their faces just inches from each other.  “Don’t you dare!  Don’t you dare say it out loud!”
“You are...”
“No, I am not!” Delilah screamed.
“Wait,” Boone shuddered.  “That would make you over one hundred years old.”  Boone stared at Delilah.  “How old are you Delilah?”
“How dare you ask me my age?  Do I look like I am a hundred years old?” Delilah was still yelling.
“Calm down.  Sorry, it just slipped out.  I wasn’t thinking.  Of course, you do not look a hundred years old.”
“Daddy still has not forgiven me for that,” Delilah started crying as she sat back down.  She dropped her head into her hands and fought to calm herself.  “I make one mistake, and now I have to deal with it forever.”
“I am confused,” Boone sighed staring at Delilah.  Part of him wanted to put his arm around Delilah to comfort her, but he knew it would not help.  Delilah had something she needed to get off her perfectly formed chest.  And suggesting Boone was curious was the understatement of the century.  He was ten levels past curious.
“I was living in Southern California at the time.  There was a serial killer targeting women near one of the Naval Bases whose husbands were away because of the war.  The FBI had the killer in custody, but they had no real evidence to put him away.  This guy was good, real good,” Delilah started as an explanation.  Of course, she left out the crucial information; the year and which war.  “A psychologist was working as a consultant with the FBI.  He was trying to use a polygraph to get to the truth.  Nothing worked.  Eventually, they had to release the suspect.  I had been following the case, and I knew I could get the psycho to tell the truth and confess to the murders.  But I also knew it would be tricky.”
Delilah paused to take a deep breath before continuing.  She was nervous and fidgeting; wringing her hands in despair.  Delilahe looked around the park, gazed towards the perfect blue sky for a moment as if waiting for a giant bolt of lightning to come down and strike her dead.  When none came, she continued.
“I followed the perp.  But I did not realize someone else was following him as well.  I thought we were alone.  I followed him into an alleyway.  I knew I could convince him to turn himself into the authorities and confess to the murders.  But someone saw me.  It was the psychologist.  I did not know at first.  But within months, the comic book was released.  Daddy was pissed.  No, pissed does not even begin to describe the fallout.  Too many people had seen the comic book and normally Daddy does not get involved in worldly affairs.  I had to go into hiding for a very long time.”
“The series came out nearly a hundred years ago,” Boone pondered aloud.  It was his turn to take a deep breath before continuing.  He looked around the park and moved close to Delilah.  Whispering into her ear, he asked as a statement, “Zeus?”
Delilah started laughed hysterically.  “No, Boone.  Zeus is not my daddy.”
Boone was still confused.  Delilah’s tears stopped, and she smiled.  “Good try, though.”
“But the rope is real,” Boone exclaimed, remembering the heroine from the comic book using the rope to make people tell the truth.
“It does not make people tell the truth.  The psychologist did not figure it out quite right.  He thought the rope made you tell the truth.  But actually, it eliminates free will.  You have to do whatever I say.  Like with Walters.  I told him to tie himself up, and he did.  He lost his free will.”
“Now it all makes sense,” Boone nodded thinking about all the times he saw Delilah and her grabs.  It was as if they wanted to go to jail.  Sometimes they were leading Delilah to her luxury SUV.  “So will your rope work on a half vamp?”
“I am not sure.  It might,” Delilah revealed.  “I have never tried it on half humans.”
“Never?”
“Never,” Delilah repeated as an answer.
“Try it on me,” Boone suggested before he realized what he was saying.  He instantly regretted it.
Delilah laughed and then smiled.  She could immediately think of a hundred things she would like to trick Boone into doing; most involving the two of them being naked.  But this was not the time or the place.  She smiled at Boone and raised her brows.  Her eyes twinkled with delight.  “What is something you would never do?”
“Ooooooh, noooooooo,” Boone replied, each word at least three syllables long.  “Don’t get any foolish ideas, Angel.”
“But Hooxei,” Delilah cooed.
“Don’t go there,” Boone exclaimed sliding away from Delilah.  As fast as he moved away, Delilah moved towards him.
“Just one thing.  Pleeeaasse, Hooxei.”
“I would never turn in public,” Boone revealed.
“Not a good idea,” Delilah whispered looking around the park and back towards the French Quarter.
“I would never have sex with anyone I wasn’t married to,” Boone added.
“Still not a good idea, at least not here in the park,” Delilah snickered realizing Boone was naming his list of never would do in a million of years.
“Then just kiss me,” Delilah thought aloud.
“What the fuck, Delilah?”
Delilah had wrapped the rope around Boone’s wrist before he knew what hit him.  “Kiss me Hooxei Bo’ooneih.  Kiss me like you love me.”
Boone was powerless.  He leaned into Delilah and sighed as his lips met hers.  Delilah was surprised.  His lips were soft.  His tongue probed her mouth as if he could not get enough of her.  She warmly recalled the texture of his tongue; the tongue which had healed her leg.  She could not stop herself from smiling as she pushed him away and released his wrist from the golden rope.
“Well?” Boone asked.
“Damn, Boone,” Delilah moaned content, but not sated.  “Where did you learn to kiss like that?”
“Like what?”
Delilah laughed.  “It worked on you, but I am still not sure it will work on a half vamp.”
“What did I do?  What did you have me do?” Boone asked.
“It was just an innocent kiss,” Delilah revealed.  “Nothing serious.”
Boone blushed as he tasted Delilah still on his tongue.  “Keep that thing away from me.  I do not like it.”
“Don’t worry.  It was just a test.  I would not make you do anything you did not want to do.  I would never take away your free will.”
“But will it work on a half vamp?” Boone asked.
“Not sure.  Dhampirs were created by the dark gods.  You were not.”
Boone was confused.  He did not know about supernatural beings.  He barely knew about his own kind.  “I do not understand.”
“Some gods are good and there are gods who are evil.  Their creations, their creatures behave differently.”
“What about werewolves?” Boone asked.
"Werewolves and Wolves are different.  Werewolves were born of evil.  You and your kind were born of light and goodness.”
“But Zeus was both, wasn’t he?”
“Zeus did not create the Snow Wolves.  Nor did he create Dhampirs.  Boone, there are all kinds of gods; far too many to talk about right now.”
“So should we try to compel the half-vamp?”
“I want to.  But I am afraid of what will happen if it goes to shit.  We do not need the entire New Orleans population of vampires and half-vamps on our asses.  I would like to live a while longer.”
“Isn’t my bite like poison to vampires?” Boone asked innocently, remembering movies he had watched growing up.
“No.  Not even werewolf blood or saliva.  They are lies.  All lies.”
“So what is true and what is not?” Boone asked realizing everything he thought he knew could be wrong.
“It would take a month to cover it all.  Just think of it this way.  If you think something is true - it is not.  All nonhumans flood the internet with lies.  It is a way to protect them.  What a person believes creates the world they live in.  Sometimes it is not a safe world.”
“Not following you,” Boone replied as his eye became dark and suspicious.
“People believe wolves, like you, are bad.  Because of it,  they distance themselves from wolves.  It helps the wolves to live in peace.  But if the humans opened their eyes and their minds, they would discover the love wolves have for each other and their families.  On the flipside, believing a vampire can only come out a night makes humans and other creatures confident to travel the streets during the daylight hours and live a normal life.”
“So even full-blooded vampires can go out in the sun and not burst into flames?”
“Yepper,” Delilah revealed with a frown.  "Except for the really ancient ones; even vampires evolve."
“Damn woman.  We are fucked!”
Delilah had a few ideas still up her sleeve.  But it would result in Boone learning more of his story and the truth.  “I will do a little research,” she announced succinctly.
“But I thought you said the internet has it all wrong,” Boone rebutted.
Delilah knew every time she withheld information from Boone, it pushed him further away.  But she was afraid the whole truth would have the same result.  She hated each time she was placed between the proverbial rock and a hard place.  “Boone, every time you ask me something I cannot answer, I feel you withdrawing from me.  And every time I let you in on a secret, I feel closer to losing you.  I am afraid once you know everything you will no longer need me.”
Boone looked into Delilah’s sad eyes.  “Don’t worry, Angel.  At this rate, it will take another ten years before I know everything.”
Delilah tried to laugh.  She tried to hide her fear and her sadness.  Boone took her hand in his and looked at her; really looked at her.  “I have a feeling we are going to be friends for a very long time.”
“From your lips to Daddy’s ears,” Delilah choked out.  Boone turned and looked straight ahead.  He wasn’t going to ask who Daddy was.
“I will reach out to my sisters,” Delilah finally spoke.  “We have a secure website we use to share information.  We share tips and tricks.”
“I wonder what the wolves know,” Boone pondered.  “Do they have a website?”
“There you go asking questions again,” Delilah sighed.
“I am sorry, Angel.  I guess I am just a bit curious.”
“The wolves do have their own website,” Delilah revealed.  “But they do not share information about other species.  Actually, they know very little about other supernatural beings.  They just want to be left alone and live in peace.”
“Maybe I can do some research of my own,” Boone suggested.  “Maybe I can ask them.”
“In order to get access to the site, you will have to reveal your lineage.  You will have to register as a wolf,” Delilah advised.
“But I am a wolf.”
“Once you register your lineage, and reveal who your father is, the world as you know it will never be the same.  You will never have privacy again.”
Boone thought about what Delilah had just said.  “They would come after me?”
“By they do you mean your family?”
“Yes.”
“You have a great family Boone; the best.  They would take you in and love you as if they had known you all your life.  But they would restrict your life and you career.  While you would have a good life, you would have to answer to an Alpha.  You would lose some of your free will; your independence.”
“I am not ready for that,” Boone smiled sadly.  While the thought of having a family intrigued him, he wanted to be autonomous.  He wanted to live his life just as he always had.  “I like my life just the way it is.”
“Why don’t you go get us some food?  Let’s have an early lunch and I will see what I can learn,” Delilah requested.  She needed a few minutes alone to log into the site she shared with her sisters.
“You are trying to get rid of me for a few minutes aren’t you?”
“Guilty,” Delilah laughed.  “Give me ten minutes alone.  I do not need to piss Daddy off again.”
“Understood,” Boone smirked and headed back towards the French Quarter for a couple of to go boxes.  “Wine?”
“Please.”
Delilah was finishing her research just as Boone returned.  The solemn look on her face told Boone all he needed to know.  “Still fucked?” he asked.
“Pretty much.  Where is the wine?” Delilah sneered.
Boone handed over the large to-go cup filled with sangria.  “It is the best I could do this early in the morning.  I thought this was a party town.  More lies.”
“The rope will not work on a full vamp.  There is nothing about Dhampirs.”
“So we have half a chance?” Boone asked hopefully.
“Not funny, Boone,” Delilah smirked with her lips pursed around the straw in her to go cup.
“I had to try,” Boone chuckled before he took a huge bite of his oyster po’boy sandwich.
“Let’s go back to the cemetery,” Delilah suggested.  “They do not allow visitors without an appointment.  And this one is not on the tourist route.  We still might be able to pick up a scent or two.”
“It is worth a try.  I am not ready to have a half-leech after my ass,” Boone joked.

****

Delilah called the sexton for the cemetery and set up an appointment.  She explained she was a private investigator working on the break-ins of the crypts.  An hour later the Boone and Delilah were walking from crypt to crypt looking for any clues which would help them solve the mystery.  “Too many scents,” Boone revealed.  “The cops really stunk up the place.”
“Concentrate on crypts with just one or two scents.  Maybe they cased their next job while they were here.”
“Good idea.  Let’s try this again,” Boone agreed.
Boone found two other crypts which had a distinct scent.  “Two tombs on opposite sides of the cemetery with the same scent,” he announced.  “It is a strange smell, though.  Not human.”
“Are you saying a supernatural is behind these thefts?”
“Let’s look at what the crypts have in common.  All five of them,” Boone suggested.  “There is some kind of connection.”
Delilah and Boone went back to the plundered crypts and took photos of the names and dates.  Then they photographed the two which had not yet been burglarized.  “Let’s get out of here,” Delilah insisted when they were done.  “Even in the daylight, this place is damn creepy.”
Boone nodded in agreement and the two headed back to the front gate as fast as they could.  They locked the gate and made their way back to their hotel.  Boone downloaded the photos onto his tablet, and the two looked at the pictures side by side.
“All died during the Civil War,” Boone announced looking at the dates.  “I am not much of a history buff, but some pretty rich folks were living in this area back then.”
“And there was a sizable population of vampires here as well,” Delilah added.  Delilah had grown up just north of New Orleans.  She knew the history of the area quite well.
“If I were a gambling man, I would say the two were related,” Boone speculated.
“Like old vamps or half-vamps looting the graves of their ancestors?” Delilah suggested.
“Maybe someone is robbing their own grave,” Boone deduced.  “It would be a perfect place to hide artifacts, gold, money, jewels.  Then come back two centuries later and clean out your own crypt.”
“But why just two scents while there are five graves?” Delilah wondered aloud.
“Good question.  Let’s look up the names and see if there is a connection,” Boone suggested opening the tablet’s browser.  One by one, Boone plugged the names into the search engine.  He searched for any ancestral connection between the five graves.  He found none.  “The only thing linking them in any way was their jobs.  All worked on ships or in the shipyards.”
“So maybe there were two vampires and three humans and the vamps hid part of the loot in the other graves?”
“It is a possibility.  But how do we go to the authorities and tell them our theory?  First, they would laugh us out of town and second, they would laugh us out of the city with no pay.”
“Still fucked,” Delilah exclaimed.  “So what should we do?”
“Not sure about you but I need a tall cold one.”
“Make it two.”
“I was going for a beer,” Boone replied looking at Delilah strangely, his eyes narrow.
“I could go for a beer,” Delilah quipped.  “The wine selection in this town sucks.”
“Let’s head for the hotel bar,” Boone announced offering Delilah, his hand.  “And then maybe a tour of the city during the daylight.”
Minutes later, the two were entering the hotel bar.  Delilah found a booth while Boone placed their drink order.  While still early afternoon the bar was already half full of tourists.  The bars and clubs in New Orleans did have the reputation of being open twenty-three hours a day; closing just long enough to clean and then reopen.  While bright daylight covered the city, the bar was barely lit providing anonymity to the tourists and the locals alike who wanted a tall, cold adult beverage regardless of the time of day.
Boone slid into the booth across from Delilah.  Delilah held up her beer towards Boone as to toast.  “Here's to a failed case and an empty pocket,” she laughed.  “I am really sorry Boone.”
“We will get better at this.  We normally have an eight by ten glossy of the asshole we are hunting.  But no more New Orleans trips.  This place creeps me out.”
“Agreed,” Delilah laughed and took a long draw on the beer.  “This ain’t bad.  It will not be my favorite poison, but I am sure I will get a sufficient buzz.  And God knows I could use a good buzz about now.”
Boone and Delilah sat silently.  They had barely finished half of their beer when the side door to the lounge opened from the street, and a cool breeze entered with a group of tourists.  Boone’s head jerked up suddenly.  “What is it?” Delilah exclaimed in a hushed whisper.  She knew something was wrong.  She knew that expression well.
“I smell them.  They are here.”
“Who is here?”
“The two from the cemetery,” Boone whispered while searching the dark room for the source of the scents.  “Over there.  In the corner.”
Delilah waited a few minutes and then glanced behind her.  In a corner booth were two men staring at her and Boone.  Both were wearing dark colored jeans, black shirts, and black jackets.  “I see them.  They are not human by any means.  They are definitely vampires.”
“Do you think they are looking for us?” Boone asked somewhat alarmed they were now the hunted and not the hunters.  His eyes clearly showed his fear.  He knew he could defend himself and Delilah in public against humans.  He wasn't sure if he would win against a vampire or two.  He knew nothing about them or how to fight them.
“We need to go back to the room,” Delilah suggested with a sense of urgency.  She wanted to run away and fast.
“We are probably safer in public,” Boone rebutted.  “There are too many witnesses here.  Just drink slowly.  We need to keep our wits about us.”
Delilah knew more about vampires than she had revealed to Boone.  She knew they were in great danger.  “I am scared, Hooxei.”
“I guess they figured out we were tracking them, and they picked up our scents in the process,” Boone deduced.
“But they do not know we were not going to go to the authorities with what we suspected,” Delilah whispered, her lip quivering.  “Regardless of the pay, we nonhumans have to stick together.”
“This could get complicated.  We will think of something.  Give me your hand Angel.  I promise to keep you safe.”
“From your lips to Daddy’s ears,” Delilah stated for the second time that day as she reached across the table and put her hand into Boone’s.  Delilah’s pale icy blue eyes were starting to darken.  Tears were welling faster than she could blink them away.  She squeezed Boone’s hand as if her life depended on it.  And she believed it did.
“Come sit by me,” Boone whispered and glanced at the space between him and the wall.  Delilah nodded and smiled nervously.  Both readied themselves to stand so Delilah could be shielded by Boone.  But before they moved one single inch, the two darkly clothed vampires were standing at their table, blocking their movement.
“Going somewhere?” Vampire number one sneered through his fangs and his hooded black and red eyes.
“May we join you?” Vampire number two asked rhetorically.  Of course, saying no was clearly not an option.
Both vampires slid into the booth and formidably blocked Delilah and Boone in the small space.  Neither of them had a way to escape.  Delilah squeezed Boone’s hand again, and silent tears started down her cheeks.  “Oh Daddy,” Delilah sighed as if she was begging him to save her.  And she was.
Boone stared into Delilah’s eyes and silently called for Delilah’s daddy as well, whoever he was.  Even Boone knew they needed some kind of divine intervention if they were going escape the situation unscathed or at least alive.
“I like this one,” Vampire number one cooed as he gave Delilah a lusty and perverted twice over.  Delilah shuddered as she watched his eyes gaze upon her neck.  It gave her goosebumps all over her body.
“Joseph,” Vampire number two warned.  “You do not want her for dinner.”
“But I bet she is mighty sweet, Paul,” Joseph leered as he reached over and wiped one of Delilah’s tears off her cheek and placed it onto his tongue.  Tasting the droplet, Joseph moaned as if in ecstasy, “Mighty damn sweet.”
Delilah was about to come out of her skin.  Boone was about to come across the table and attack the vampire named Joseph.  But Paul stopped him.  “Down wolfman,” Paul snarled.  “While I normally do not do big and hairy, I could make an exception.”
“What do you want?” Boone growled.
“To be left alone,” Joseph replied and baring his one-inch vampire fangs.
“Same here,” Boone growled a bit louder and deeper, his wolf growl coming through.
“You have been snooping where you should not be.”
“And we know better than to go to the authorities,” Delilah replied still fighting back her tears.  “We weren’t going to tell anyone.”
“Why should we believe you?” Joseph sneered staring at Delilah as if she would be the tastiest meal he would ever consume.
“She is off-limits unless you want the fury of her sisters to rain down on the city,” Paul warned his partner, seeing the wanton look of desire on his lips and tongue.  "However, the wolf is fair game."
“She might be worth it, though,” Joseph snickered.  “Just one little taste.”
Delilah fought the urge to scream as Joseph pierced her palm with his pointy nail.  As her blood rose to the surface, Joseph raised her hand to his face.  First, he inhaled her scent, and then he licked the blood.  “Damn, she really is sweet.  Like honey and wine.  I would die happy if she were my last meal.  She would be worth it.”
Boone started across the table.  “Leave her alone,” Boone growled.  The growl came from deep in his throat nearly echoing through the room.  His eyes showed he was three point two seconds from turning wolf in public and destroying both Joseph and Paul.
“Don’t worry wolfman,” Joseph laughed.  “I plan on living a lot longer than the two of you combined.  I just wanted a tiny taste of your little princess.”
“I am nobody’s princess,” Delilah snapped.  Her trepidation was about to explode around her.
“Yes, you are, baby girl,” a soft but booming voice declared.
Delilah looked up in surprise recognizing the voice.  “Daddy,” Delilah smiled like a little girl, her eyes filled with glee and relief.
“Boys, I think you have overstepped your bounds.  Come with me,” the man announced.
Before Boone could blink and focus on the distinguished, white-haired and bearded man standing less than a yard away, Daddy, and the vampires were gone.
“Damn,” was all Boone was able to mutter.  Just as fast as Delilah’s smile had materialized, it was gone.  She had hoped to spend at least a few minutes with her father.  She had hoped for a hug before he left.  It was lucid to Boone that Delilah loved and missed her father.  He could clearly see the hurt and disappointment in her eyes.
Once Boone and Delilah were able to catch their breaths and calm themselves enough to stand, they rushed to their hotel room.  Never saying a word, both quickly packed.  Within ten minutes, they were rendering payment for their room and ready to leave New Orleans forever.
It was fifty miles outside Orleans Parish before either could speak of what had happened.  “That was your daddy?” Boone asked.  Of course, it was the first words out of his mouth.  “You could have at least introduced us.”
Of course, Daddy had left too quickly for introductions, but Delilah did not dwell on his hasty departure.  “You should meet my sisters first,” Delilah decided.  “Then maybe I will be ready for the rest of the story.”
Boone acquiesced immediately.  Delilah was surprised.
It was a twenty-two-hour drive back to Red Mountain.  For most of the trip, both remained silent.  Neither wanted to talk about what had happened.  Their first assignment as a team had gone wrong; all wrong.  They had not made one red cent off the trip.  To be honest, they had lost money.  But both were relieved the assignment was over, and they were both still alive.  Silently they vowed to themselves never to return to New Orleans.  Both had decided the city was nothing but evil; too iniquitous for a second chance.  Both knew the city was beyond contrition.
Boone drove to the top of Raven Hill and dropped off Delilah.  He descended the mountain and headed home.  Boone entered his house and was surprised at what he saw.  Someone had left him two boxes of cereal; a box of Count Chocula and a box of Boo Berry.  He laughed.  At least he would have breakfast for a few days.


Chapter 6 – Let’s Dance

Before Boone could finish laughing, he felt the presence of someone behind him.  He turned and saw Delilah.  Her face showed sadness.  Maybe a little bit of fear.  He looked at her perplexed.  He could not figure out what was really wrong.  Why was she here?  Delilah held out her hand; the hand which had been pierced by the vampire.  The hand still showed the mark from the vampire's long pointy black talon.  It had been two days, but the wound still had not healed.  Boone knew there would be a scar.  Not just the scar on her hand but the scar in her heart and soul.  He knew she would always be afraid of what happened.  He moved towards her with his hand proffered.  He took her hand into his.  Lifting her palm slowly and gently to his mouth, and without a word spoken, he licked the wound.  Together they looked down and watched the scab and the scar disappear. 
Boone looked into Delilah's eyes and then he glanced around.  He looked at his surroundings and his home.  It paled in comparison to the mansion Delilah lived in.
“I know it is not much,” Boone choked out.  And then he slowly walked towards his bedroom, her hand still in his.
“It is perfect,” Delilah whispered.  Words could barely express what she was feeling.  Stopping next to the bed, Boone slowly lifted Delilah’s blouse over her head.  Delilah, of course, was wearing her patented lacy red bra.  Boone stared for a moment.  She was perfect.  Everything about Delilah was perfect.
“Stay with me,” Boone whispered.  “I promise to keep you safe.  I promised you before, and I almost failed.  But I am not going to let it happen again.”  A lone tear rolled down Delilah's face.  Boone moved slowly, lifting his thumb to the single droplet.  He gently wiped it away.  “Don’t cry, Angel,” he whispered.
Boone stepped away slowly and reached for a t-shirt.  “Lay down for a while.  You are safe here.  I have to leave for just a bit.  I need to hunt, and then I will be back.”
Delilah had forgotten about the full moon.  Boone did need to hunt.  He did need to eat and keep himself healthy.  “There is plenty of game nearby.  I will grab a snack and be back in no time at all.”
Delilah could tell from Boone’s voice he regretted leaving her alone.  But he and his wolf were hungry.  And his wolf needed to eat.  “I am sorry, Angel,” Boone sighed.  The conflict between Boone and his wolf was tearing his heart in two.  He closed his eyes to keep from seeing the pain of abandonment in Delilah’s eyes.  He turned, his eyes still closed and walked away before he lost what little bit of resolve he had.
It was late in the day when they arrived back in Red Mountain.  It was nearing midnight when Boone returned from his hunt.  He quietly entered his home.  The house was dark except for the soft flickering light from a wood burning fireplace.  He wasn’t sure if Delilah was still in bed.  His eyes quickly adjusted to the dim light.  He found Delilah on the couch, curled up and asleep.  She was covered with what appeared to be a fur blanket.  Boone was confused.  He did not own anything fur except his own wolf.
Boone tiptoed over and gazed at Delilah.  She did look like an angel.  He smiled in awe and reverence.  Even after spending over a week sharing a hotel room, he had never actually watched her while she slept.  He was amazed by her beauty.  He had feelings for her, but he could not determine exactly what they were.  Sure they were friends and partners, but he found himself drawn to her like a moth to a flame.  He knew she was so much more than the nickname he had bestowed on her.  He was aware that there were so many more secrets she was withholding.  But more than wanting to know the secrets, he wanted to know her.  He wanted her.  He could not imagine a day without her next to him.
Delilah awoke and saw Boone watching her.  She smiled innocently.  She stared up at the amazing man standing over her.  Most women found him hot and sexy.  But Delilah saw more; more than just a handsome face and an alluring body.  She saw his trust.  Delilah saw his heart and his soul; sweet, innocent and pure.  She saw comfort.  She saw her best friend.
“Fur blanket?” Boone asked breaking the silence.
“A gift,” she cooed.  “A gag gift, I am sure.”
“A bit like the cereal I found when I came home.”
“My brother does like a good practical joke,” Delilah giggled.
“Your brother?” Boone inquired.
“First, you meet the sisters and then the brother,” Delilah shrugged.

****

Delilah had breakfast on the table by the time Boone finished showering.  Boone had suspected a bowl of cereal, but Delilah had cooked a full breakfast.  “I figured you would be hungry.”
“I see you have already been online looking for our next assignment,” Boone stated seeing Delilah’s tablet on the table.
“Actually, I got an email from an old friend of my daddy’s,” Delilah confessed.  “He is looking for someone to infiltrate a militia group which has set up a training camp over in Idaho.”
“An old friend of your father’s?” Boone asked filled with suspicion.  He was hoping to learn about Delilah's father.
“I did some work for him during the Cuban Missile Crisis,” Delilah shrugged nonchalantly.
“You mean the Cuban Missile Crisis in the early 60’s?  The 1960’s?” Boone asked.  He knew Delilah was older, much older than her twenty-five-year-old facade revealed.
“That’s the one,” Delilah smirked proudly.  “I got Khrushchev to remove the missiles from Cuba.”
“Sure you did,” Boone smirked sarcastically.  “And next, you are going to tell me you killed Kennedy.”
“Not me, but one of my sisters did,” Delilah confessed.
“What the fuck?!?”
“Jackie was sick and tired of Jack fucking around on her.  Marilyn's birthday present was more than she could cope with.  Everyone knew Jack and Marilyn were sleeping together, and even a year and a half later, Jackie could not shake the embarrassment.  She mentioned it to one of my sisters and voila, Jack is dead.  Jack wasn’t the only one fucking around.  Jackie was just more discreet about her affairs.  Jackie needed a way to end her marriage.  Divorce was out of the question.  They were Catholic.”
Boone stared at Delilah in disbelief.  “Talk about a conspiracy theory,” he chuckled as he started eating.  “And the Warren Commission cost the taxpayers a pretty penny for nothing.”
“Lee Harvey Oswald was the perfect patsy for the assassination,” Delilah shrugged. “Not only was he framed for the murder, but he was killed before the truth came out.  It was all quite convenient.”  Boone suspected Delilah's sister was also involved in Oswald's death but said nothing.  
“Infiltrating a home-grown militia is dangerous, Angel; damn dangerous.  I do not like it.  An army of two against dozens of gun toting, beer drinking, holier than thou antigovernment radicals is not very good odds.”
“We go in as a couple, survivalists,” Delilah suggested.  “We just need to get pictures.  The government will take care of the rest.  It will be a cakewalk.”
“Oh hell no,” Boone seethed.  “The last you time you said ‘cakewalk’ we nearly bumped up with a half vamp.  And do not forget about the encounter with Dracula one and two.  I do not think Daddy will come to our rescue two times in a row.  I do not believe that we can dip into that well twice.”
“We do not have to decide today.  Just think about it,” Delilah smiled putting a large bloody rare steak onto Boone’s plate.  “Do you dance?” Delilah asked.
“Dance?”
“I want to go dancing.  Let’s dress up and go out for dinner and dancing.  Drive over to Albuquerque.  I know a perfect place in the Sandia Mountains.  It will be fun.”
Boone did not know how to dance.  He owned one suit, dark gray, which he used if and when he had to testify in court.  But those appearances were few and far between.  But knowing Delilah, he was aware that she would have the perfect dress to wear to dinner.  He knew she would look utterly gorgeous.  She was already totally gorgeous.
“Come on, Albuquerque is only five hours away.  We can make a night of it,” Delilah begged.
“Sounds like fun.”  Boone tried to sound enthusiastic.  “Go pack and I will pick you up after lunch, and we will drive over.”
Delilah jumped up and down.  “Thank you. Thank you.  I promise we will have fun.  I will make all the arrangements.”

****

Delilah exited the bathroom of the hotel suite.  Boone was dressed and ready in his charcoal gray suit.  Delilah’s dress was black.  It reminded Boone of the gowns he had seen in movies worn by ancient, mythical goddesses.  The belt of the dress was gold and looked much like the rope Delilah carried with her and used instead of handcuffs or flex cuffs.  The knot of the belt was covered with a three-inch round gold medallion.  Boone gazed at the design, three interlocking triangles.  He tried to remember where he had seen the design before, the meaning behind the design, but nothing would come to him so he quickly dismissed it.
Then Boone noticed Delilah’s ring.  It looked primitive.  He had never seen her wear it before.  It was made of gold and hammered by hand.  It wrapped around her finger with an extension which looked like an elongated triangle extending to the first joint of her finger.  At the tip, there was something else, but Boone could not discern what it was.  It almost looked like a tiny head with eyes.  There were no stones just brightly, polished gold.
“I am a bit underdressed,” Boone sighed looking at how beautiful Delilah was.  Normally she wore little to no makeup but tonight she had gone all out; her eyes smoky and sexy.
“I have something for you.”  Delilah held out a garment bag.  “It is a tuxedo.”
Boone shook his head in disbelief but decided not to disappoint Delilah.  On the surface, he could not believe she had the audacity to buy him a tuxedo.  But deep down, he found it very plausible.  And this was her night; a night for Delilah to dance and to forget about their trip to New Orleans.  “How do you know it will fit?”
“Oh, it will fit as if the gods made it for you,” she chuckled smugly.  
Boone took the garment bag from Delilah’s outreached hand and walked into the bathroom.  A few minutes later, Boone returned to the bedroom wearing the tux.  Boone did look good; damn good.
“So where is this place?” Boone asked.  He was already feeling a bit out of his element; out of his comfort zone.  It was his first time wearing a tuxedo.  And he did not dance.  He had never danced.
“It is a private club up in the mountains.”
As Delilah drove Boone's SUV, Boone kept looking upward waiting for the “club” to come into sight.  It never did.  But as Delilah pulled into an empty asphalt paved parking lot, it was as if the building materialized before his eyes.  “Wow.  How did I miss this?”
Delilah laughed silently.  The parking lot was completely empty.  But as soon as Delilah stopped the vehicle, a black vested valet materialized from out of nowhere to park the SUV.
Delilah and Boone entered the building, and at least two dozen beautiful women were already there.  All were wearing dresses similar to Delilah’s, but in white.  Each wore a belt similar to Delilah’s, however their medallion was adorned with a raven.  Boone was confused.
“I am the black swan of the family,” Delilah giggled as if it was a private joke.
“This is your family?”
“Just the women.  They are my half sisters,” Delilah explained.  “I told you, sisters, first.”
“So this is a family reunion?” Boone asked again while looking at the luxurious room and two dozen gorgeous women, an assortment of blondes and redheads.
“Not really.  We like to get together occasionally and see one other.  We live all over the world.”
“And the men?” Boone asked seeing an equal number of men in attendance.
“They are just some male friends, dates.  None of the girls here are married.  We are far too busy to settle down.  Our careers keep us on the road traveling.”
Delilah noticed one of her sisters staring at her.  “I better go say hello.  Grab some wine for the both of us.”  Delilah pointed to a large fountain containing two large ice-sculptured swans with red wine following through them.  Boone instantly knew it was the sweet red wine Delilah received from her father.  As Boone walked away, Delilah’s oldest half sister approached.
“Hello, Hildy.”
“You know I hate that name,” Hildr sneered.
“And that is why I call you it,” Delilah chuckled.  She loved yanking Hildr’s chain.
“He’s not human!” Hildr exclaimed motioning towards Boone.
“Half human.”
“Less than half,” Hildr corrected Delilah.  Hildr knew Boone’s great-grandfather was a powerful shaman.  “What is he doing here?”
“He is Daddy’s latest mission,” Delilah replied as an explanation.
“So you brought your work to the party?”
“Sure.  I like this one,” Delilah smiled and looked over towards Boone.
“Does he know?” Hildr asked Delilah about Boone.  She wanted to know if Delilah had shared the family secrets with Boone.
“No, of course, not.”
“But he suspects,” Hildr stated taking a deep breath to show her disapproval.
“He suspects something, but I am sure he has not figured it out yet.”
“Be careful baby sister.  Remember what happened the last time you got involved with a human,” Hildr warned.
“It was a long time ago.  I was young.  I am not going to make the same mistake twice,” Delilah sneered momentarily before looking back at Boone again and smiling sweetly.
“So you say.  I will believe it when I see it.  Don’t make Daddy angry.  He will not forgive you too many times.”
Boone could see Delilah was agitated by the conversation she was having with her sister.  He walked over and handed Delilah a glass of wine.  Looking around, Boone swore he knew some of the men who were in attendance.  They looked a lot like a few celebrities or politicians he had seen in photos.  Each one of them was very well known and quite good looking.
Then Boone noticed each of the men was becoming quite amorous with their female companion.  For a moment, Boone’s telepathic barrier fell.  Damn, it is about to become a Roman orgy in here, Boone quipped to himself.
Delilah and her sister glared at one another.  And the Romans always did throw a good orgy, Hildr confessed to Delilah telepathically.  Both laughed.
Delilah took Boone by the hand and led him away.  “We will not stay long.  But I am obligated to attend.  We will have another glass of wine, and maybe a dance or two and we will leave,” Delilah explained.
“Remember, I can’t dance,” Boone reminded Delilah.
“Hooxei, all you have to do is take me into your arms and move to the music,” Delilah cooed.  “I do not think anyone is going to notice.  They all seem preoccupied.”
Boone looked around and saw no one was paying one iota of attention to him or Delilah.  And Boone melted every time Delilah called him Hooxei.  Usually he hated being called wolf, but the way it rolled off Delilah’s tongue, it sounded like a song, a poem, a psalm.  And the worse thing was she knew it and used it to her advantage.
Boone held out his arms and Delilah moved gracefully towards him and nestled in his strong arms.  “Just relax, Hooxei.  Let me in and I will make you the best dancer in the room.”
Boone was startled, but he slowly lowered the barrier which kept others from reading his mind.  As the music ultimately entered his head, he could hear Delilah hum softly in his ear.  The sound coming from her throat was alluring and comforting.  Boone relaxed and pulled Delilah closer to him.  Within seconds, he was dancing as if he had been dancing all his life.
“This is nice,” Boone whispered taking in Delilah’s scent and the softness of her warm skin against his hands.  “I could do this all night.”
And they did.

****

A few days later, Delilah broached the subject of the survivalists again.  “It is big money, Boone,” Delilah reiterated.  “But I think we should wait until after Christmas.”  
“You celebrate Christmas?”  Boone was surprised.  She had never mentioned religion before.
“Celebrate, no.  I wasn’t raised as a Christian.  But decorate and exchange presents, hell yes!  It is my favorite time of the year.”
“You are going to decorate your house?” Boone asked trying to imagine how many gazillion lights it would take to decorate the palatial sized mansion on Raven Hill.  He could imagine a fifty-foot tree in the massive foyer and miles of fresh green garland on the staircase.  He could envisage two large wreaths on the gigantic entrance to the mansion.
“No, we are going to decorate your house.  I spend more time here than on Raven Hill.  Plus your home is so much more comfortable.  It is perfect.  I will make it look like a picture out of a magazine.  The fireplace, the log walls, your house is perfect.  I love your cabin.”
“And I suspect you are going to have me go find a real tree and chop it down.”
“Would you?” Delilah cooed and jumped up and down clapping her hands.
“If I am going out in the snow and freeze my boys off, so are you.”
“I don’t have any boys,” Delilah giggled as she ran for her coat and scarf.

****

As promised, Boone’s three room cabin was beautiful when Delilah finished decorating.  The ten-foot tree was simply adorned with small lights and gold colored ornaments.  Pine garland was laid across the mantle of the fireplace.  Miniature lights were hung around the perimeter of the room.  Red bows were placed on the windows and a giant pine bough wreath on the door welcomed visitors.  That is if they had visitors.  Cinnamon and Bayberry candles were everywhere and added not only a soothing aroma to the room but also a relaxing ambiance.
“I hope you aren't planning of buying me any presents,” Boone stated with trepidation when the decorating was completed.  “You have everything.  I do not know what to get you.”
“I have your friendship,” Delilah cooed.  “It is all I need.  It is all I will ever need.”
“But I should get you something.  You did say you wanted to exchange presents.”
“I want a closet of my own,” Delilah laughed.
Boone chuckled.  “You do seem to live here now.  I have only about six inches of closet space.  Why do you need so many clothes?  It is not like we leave the house very often.”
“I like variety.  I like to be comfortable, and I like to look good.  I have never heard you complain about the way I look.”
“Angel, you are beautiful.  You are drop dead gorgeous no matter what you wear.”
“I could always wear nothing,” Delilah giggled as an alternative and maybe even a dare.  
While Boone and Delilah did share the same bed or slept together on Delilah’s fur blanket in front of the fireplace, their relationship had not progressed past being friends.  Their intimacy was constrained to an occasional hug or a chaste kiss on the cheek.  Occasionally they would hold hands.  Yes, Boone had seen Delilah sans jeans or without a blouse, but he had never seen her completely naked.  The thought of Delilah in her birthday suit sent mixed emotions through Boone’s mind and body.  Boone’s carnal excitement showed on his face.  He grinned, visualizing Delilah naked.  But the smile did not reach his eyes.  His eyes showed fear.
“Not yet, Angel,” Boone replied.  After closing his eyes to expunge the vision of Delilah’s perfect body out of his mind, he shuddered to shake off the fear.  Opening his eyes, he saw Delilah laughing.
“Maybe I will ask Santa for a bigger bedroom and a walk-in closet.  Perhaps a spa-like bathroom too,” Delilah suggested.  “But the rest of the house is perfect.  I really like it here.  It is so simple and comfortable.  I like spending almost every minute with you.  I can be myself.”
“Well almost,” Boone rebuked.  “You still have secrets.”
“I need to keep Daddy at bay for now.  You know he is powerful.  I do not want to put you in harm’s way by revealing everything,” Delilah explained.  “Maybe someday, he will let me know it is okay to disclose everything.”
“Your sisters know about me, and nothing happened,” Boone stated as a question.
“They have their own secrets; my brother too.”
“So you are afraid of Daddy?”
“Afraid so,” Delilah tried to laugh.  But while the laughter reverberated in her throat, her eyes showed innate fear.

****

Boone woke up Christmas morning and peered towards the window on the opposite wall.  He wanted to see how much snow had fallen during the night.  It had been snowing nonstop for a week.  Boone sat up confused.  He rubbed his eyes and looked again.  The window seemed further away.  “What the hell,” he murmured.  He slid out of bed, grabbed a t-shirt to cover his muscular chest.
“Leave it off,” Delilah moaned hopefully.  “You have a beautiful chest.”
“Does this room look bigger to you?” Boone asked ignoring Delilah’s plea and lowering the tight white t-shirt over the top of his pajama pants.
Delilah looked around curiously.  “Did Santa answer my wish?”  She jumped up but did not follow Boone to the window.  Instead, she headed for the closet and the bathroom.
“Boone, come look!” Delilah screamed.  “Separate walk-in closets and a giant soaking tub.”
Boone spat out question after question looking around.  “What the hell?  How did this happen?  Who did this?”
Delilah looked at the wall above the twelve-foot long mirror above the long double vanity.  Seeing three triangles she fought back her tears of joy.  “Daddy,” she cried.  “He approves.”
Boone stood there not knowing what to do or say next.  Did Daddy approve of him?  Did he approve of their relationship?  Was it okay for Delilah to divulge all her secrets?  So many questions ran through Boone’s head.  There was so much he wanted to know.  He did not know where to start.  But was Delilah ready?  Was she willing to tell the whole story?  Was he ready to ask the questions?  Was he ready to hear the answers?
Boone remained silent.  He could not, would not, cause Delilah any pain or stress.  Boone could not, would not, do anything to lose her.  He had come to rely on her always being there.  He had come to count on her companionship and friendship.  The thought of losing her was incomprehensible.  He looked at Delilah’s reflection in the mirror and saw her smile.  She was happy.  He would not take away her joy.
“It is beautiful, Angel,” Boone smiled looking around.  “I can see you love it.”
“I do.  It is perfect.”
“Let’s get dressed and take a look from the outside.  I have a feeling the size of the house just doubled,” Boone smirked.  “Daddy is a bit over the top.”
“He still loves me,” Delilah cried bittersweet.  “He rarely gives me gifts.  But when he does, it is a bit over the top.”
Delilah ran into one of the two closets.  “Our things have been put away.  OMG.  It is perfect.”  Delilah quickly grabbed some clothes and got dressed.  “Let’s go outside.”
Boone and Delilah walked into the living area of Boone’s home and saw no other changes.  Grabbing their jackets, they ran outside.  “Delilah?” Boone asked suspiciously.  “What did you do?” 
"Me?  I have not done anything,” Delilah stated, confused.  Then she looked at the far end of the house and towards the garage.  “OMG, new SUVs.  Matching SUVs.”
“Daddy?” Boone asked.
“It is the best Christmas ever!” Delilah jumped up and down.  Boone shook his head in disbelief.  “This is too much,” he sighed running his long sexy fingers through his equally sexy hair.
“I dare you to try to give it back,” Delilah laughed.  “Good luck.  Let me know how it works out.”
Boone did not reply.  He despised the fact Daddy had bestowed such elaborate and extravagant gifts on both of them.  But he was not going to upset Delilah, not for all the sweet red wine in the world.
“Look,” Delilah started.  “He camouflaged the addition with trees.  No one but us will know.  Daddy can be so tricky sometimes.”
“All we need is a decent wine cellar, and all your dreams will have come true,” Boone chuckled.
“Do you think?” Delilah looked up hopefully.  She took off running back into the house and towards the kitchen.  She saw a door which had not been there before.  It appeared as if it was a back door to the new addition to the house.  “Please, please, please,” she implored.  Slowly she opened the door and a small light illuminated a set of stairs.  “Come on,” Delilah squealed reaching for Boone’s hand.  Boone extended his hand and together they descended the steps.
Both stood and gaped at what they saw.  Not just bottles of Delilah’s favorite sweet red wine but several tapped barrels.  “Daddy’s minions have been very busy,” Delilah exclaimed as she shook her head in disbelief.
“Minions?” Boone gasped while inhaling.
“Not today,” Delilah sighed trying to remain happy.  “Today is about having fun and celebrating.  I am going to try out that giant tub.  And did you see the humongous shower?  It is big enough for at least ten people.”
Boone had seen the shower equipped with a dozen shower heads.  He smiled a guilty grin.  “I would like to give it a whirl.”
“Breakfast first?” Delilah asked.
“Us first,” Boone whispered.
“Us?”
“I want to give you your gift,” Boone revealed.
“But you said...,” Delilah started and then paused with a guilty smirk.  “I got you something too.”
Both ran up the stairs and to their secret hiding places.  Returning to the living room, they sat in front of the Christmas tree and exchanged gifts.  “You first, Hooxei,” Delilah smiled.
Boone took the large and perfectly wrapped package and placed it on the floor in front of him.  He started removing the gold colored wrapping paper from the gift slowly and carefully.  Then he looked up and smiled like a little boy.  His bright green eyes twinkled.  Without warning, he ripped open the paper and lifted the lid to the box.  It was a black leather jacket.  It was soft, supple and custom made.  “It is like mine; bulletproof,” Delilah announced.  “I could not bear the thought of you ever getting hurt.”
“It is perfect,” Boone whispered as he slid it on.  For a moment, he felt a twinge of guilt.  He had cut the bottom of Delilah’s coat off back in Wyoming, and she was shot in the leg.  He had inadvertently and unknowingly put her in danger.  He forced himself to smile.  “And it fits perfectly.  I love it.”  He leaned forward and kissed Delilah chastely on her perfectly red lips.  “Your turn.”
The box in Delilah’s hand was much smaller.  It was square.  For a moment, she hesitated.  Only one thing came in a box this size.  Boone could see her hand start to shake.  She tried to speak, but nothing would escape her now quivering lips.
“Delilah,” Boone started.  “You are my best friend.  You get me.  You understand me better than anyone ever has.”
Boone paused to take another deep breath before continuing.  But before he could speak another word, Delilah removed the ribbon from the box and stared.  Neither could speak.  Speaking would have involved breathing, and both were holding their breaths.
“You will understand when you see it,” Boone finally whispered exhaling.  “It is not what you think.”
Delilah looked into Boone’s eyes again looking for the truth.  But she could only see his apprehensions.  She opened the box and smiled.  “Best friends,” Delilah whispered and then smiled again.
“It is a friendship ring; an Irish Claddagh. With emeralds in the crown,” Boone explained.  Boone took the ring out of the box and slipped it onto Delilah’s right hand with the point of the heart pointing towards Delilah’s wrist.  Boone pointed to the bottom of the heart and slowly moved his hand towards her wrist.  “You have captured my heart, Delilah.  My friendship, my heart, and my loyalty are yours.”
“The emeralds match your eyes,” Delilah smiled.  “It is the best gift ever.”  Delilah moved slowly and sat in Boone’s lap and laid her head on his shoulder.  “You have captured my heart too.”

****

“The militia group will be in Salt Lake City in March, promoting their survivalist camp.  We have just over two months to prepare,” Delilah announced early in January.  We need to know everything about them before we go in so we can get our cover story straight and set up back stories.  We need new IDs, bank records, everything.  These guys do background checks on everyone who signs up for the course.”
“Can you do this?” Boone asked trying to suppress his laughter.  “You are going to have to ugly yourself up a bit.  No one would believe you are a survivalist.”
“If I have to go without lipstick, you need to scruff it up a bit.  Your hair is too short, and you need to grow out your beard.”
“Remember, no designer jeans and no silk tops.  And you are going to have to give up your red lacey bra.”
“But I thought you liked my bra,” Delilah replied biting her bottom lip.
Boone blushed and dropped his eyes to the ground.  Despite their feelings for one another, their physical relationship had remained virtuous and innocent.
“I thought so,” Delilah smiled lustfully.
“And those long nails...,” Boone started.
“Oh shit,” Delilah scowled.  “This could be a problem.”
“Just cut them,” Boone snapped.  “They will grow back.”
“These aren’t real,” Delilah confessed.  “You do not want to see my real nails.”
“Short, splitting, unmanicured nails are exactly what we need, Angel.”
Delilah paused searching for the words which would explain her distress.  “I will have to show you,” she whispered with shame and embarrassment.  “It happened when I was about sixteen.  It was the first time a boy showed interest in me.  Daddy intervened, not in person, but by guaranteeing I could always protect myself.”
“I do not understand,” Boone replied, his eyes narrowing by the second.
“You think I am perfect.  You think I am an angel.  But I am not.  Sometimes Daddy can be cruel.”  Delilah turned away from Boone to hide her fear.  She was afraid he would scream and run once she revealed her most horrible secret.  Delilah pulled the fake nail off her right index finger.  “I am a monster,” she whispered as she turned and held out her hand.
“Talons?” Boone asked surprised.
“For protection,” Delilah repeated.
For the first time, Boone realized Delilah was not perfect.  And she had just shared a secret which had caused her extreme anxiety.  Boone was not repulsed by the talons, but he was surprised.  It took Boone a few moments to recover.  Seeing the talons caused Boone to fear the identity of Delilah's father.  He tried to suppress the thought that only an evil being would bestow talons onto his daughter.  Delilah's father was supposed to be a good person, not evil.
“We will figure something out.  Claim it is a birth defect, like webbed toes,” Boone suggested after finding his voice.  “It is not so bad.  In the meantime, you set up the fake identities, and I will get us some new clothes; nothing with a designer label.  We need to get everything we will need and start wearing the clothes, scuff them up and whatnot.  I will go into town and buy what we need.”
Delilah laughed.  “You love driving your new SUV, don’t you?”
“Okay, okay,” Boone confessed.  “Daddy does have good taste in vehicles.  It is so much more fun to drive than my old one.  It is got all the bells and whistles.  Remind me to thank him sometime.”
“I am sure he already knows,” Delilah laughed again.


Chapter 7 – Meet the Militia

Boone and Delilah walked through the Expo Center in Salt Lake City as if they were normal sightseers.  They stopped at a few booths, listened to a few hawkers and picked up a few brochures.  Then they found their way to the booth operated by the would-be survivalists.  They stood towards the back of the crowd listening to the tandem speech well prepared and recited by the operators of the camp.  After the crowd had disbursed, Boone pulled Delilah to the front.
“You teach this stuff?” Boone asked while waving his hand towards the electronic displays in the booth.
“Yepper,” the first man answered.  “I am James Pitman,” he added extending his hand.
“We are Angel and Boone Wolfe.  We just got married a few months back,” Boone stated as an introduction.  “We met at a garden show in St. Louis.  It was love, at first sight.”
Pitman raised his brows when he heard the words garden show.
“I have been trying to pretty much live off the land; gardening, raising livestock, you name it.  We are doing it chemical free.  It is why I went to the garden show.  But my wife here is from the city, and she needs a crash course in making it on her own.  I would do it, but the way the country is these days, the place could go to hell in a hen basket by the end of the week.”  Boone pulled Delilah close to him and smiled at her lovingly.
“So true.  Everyone needs to know who to survive without creature comforts.  It is why we have this school.  Two weeks living off what God has supplied for us,” Pitman’s partner stated as an explanation.
“You teach hunting and firearms too?” Boone asked looking at the name tag on the second man, Brad Hopkins.
“Sure do.  Hunting, fishing, gathering, cooking over an open fire, the works,” Hopkins smiled.  “But you will not find any ghost stories around the campfire or any cocoa and marshmallows.”
“Your spiel sounds mighty interesting,” Boone nodded.  “What’s the cost?”
“It ain’t cheap,” Hopkins chuckled.
“It is a thousand dollars a day per person.  But for couples we give a discount, fifteen hundred a day,” Pitman replied.
“Damn.  Twenty-one thousand dollars,” Boone replied quickly doing the math.  “But I am sure it is worth it.”
Delilah pouted like a small girl.  “No Boone, it is our honeymoon money.  You promised.  You promised me a weekend on the beach.”  The expression on her face was perfect.  The ruse was going exactly as planned.
“Sorry baby,” Boone cooed as he tucked a wayward strand of Delilah’s hair behind her ear.  “This is important.  If anything ever happened to me, I need to know you can make it on your own.”
Delilah acted as if she was going to cry.  She dropped her shoulders and slouched to make herself look as small as possible.  Without looking up and pretending to acquiesce compliantly, she replied, “Okay.”
The two men smiled at Boone as if the dominant male had won.  Boone smirked and nodded in return.  Good job Angel.
Pitman handed Boone a tablet and Boone quickly entered the email address for the fictitious Wolfe identity.  “We will send you the forms.  If you like what you see, just render payment, and we will save you and the little lady two slots for the spring course.  We fill up fast, so do not dawdle.”
Boone looked to Delilah, who was still frowning.  “Come on Angel, it will be fun,” Boone chuckled and put his arm back around her tiny waist.
“Sure baby,” she pouted.
Boone shook hands with both Pitman and Hopkins.  He took Delilah’s hand and led her away from the booth.  They stopped at a few more booths and then left the Expo Center, heading home to Red Mountain.

****

“According to the NSA, there is electricity at the survival camp.  But all the lines are buried.  I wonder why they would need power,” Delilah questioned.
“I am sure it is part of what we are supposed to ascertain,” Boone suggested.  “There are some buildings, small and equipped with fireplaces.  I guess they are in place in case of extreme weather.”
“But there is power to these cabins.”
“According to the brochures and the website, there is no electricity.  But according to the satellite photos, and the heat images, the place is wired,” Boone pointed.
“It does not make sense,” Delilah shrugged.  “Could the houses be bugged?”
“It is a possibility.  I will see if there is something we can procure to check for bugs.  And we need a spy camera.  Something which can be concealed,” Boone suggested.
“I will see what the NSA can help us with,” Delilah reassured Boone.  “I will reach out to our contact.”

****

Boone and Delilah pulled up in a makeshift parking lot at the entrance to the survival camp in Idaho.  Several other vehicles were already there.  There was one other couple so far and several vehicles with single men standing around.  “Ten so far,” Delilah counted and announced.  “I am not sure if more or less is better.”
“Nervous?” Boone asked.
“A bit,” Delilah replied.  “No phone, no internet, no way out if things turn to shit.”
“If things turn to shit, I will turn,” Boone stated without hesitation.  “You are more important to me than my secret.  I promised to protect you and by God, I will.”
“We are really on our own out here,” Delilah whispered while surveying the area.  From the parking lot, she could see an open field and then a wooded area.  From what she memorized from the NSA photos, she knew the campsite was at least a mile on the other side of the woods.  Beyond the campsite were miles and miles of uninhabited land.
“We are a team; an army of two.  I got your back, Angel,” Boone stated with resolve.  He would do whatever it took to protect Delilah, his best friend.
“From your lips,” Delilah started.
“To Daddy’s ears,” Boone finished even though he did not know who Daddy was.
They both took a deep breath and looked towards each other for comfort and courage.  “Let’s do this, Mrs. Wolfe.”
Delilah smiled as if her new name was a litany; a prayer to the heavens, a prayer to Daddy.
Boone and Delilah started pulling their gear out of the back of Boone’s SUV.  They nodded at the other campers.  Within minutes, Hopkins and Pitman arrived together in a beat-up all-terrain vehicle.  They greeted everyone warmly and started explaining what would happen the first night.
“Tonight, we will stay in the cabins just over the hill and behind the wood line.  You will hike in.  It is about a mile.  You will make only one trip so anything you cannot carry will have to stay.  Pick your gear wisely.  It is all you will have for two weeks.  Tomorrow we will hike further in and the training starts.  We have butchered a cow for dinner tonight.  Eat well.  Tomorrow, the hunting and gathering begins.”
Boone and Delilah suspected the ruse and had planned accordingly.  Of course, they had brought extra gear.  They did not want to appear well prepared or experienced.  They pretended to swap a few things around in their packs and readied to leave.  Both were strong, and neither would tire quickly while on the hike in.  Both were confident the first night would be easy.  The hardest part would be keeping up the deception and not being discovered.
While they were waiting for the rest of the campers, Pitman and Hopkins started walking around, reintroducing themselves and watching what the survivalists in training were packing.
“Great watch,” Pitman exclaimed noticing the watch Boone was wearing.  It was a watch with a concealed camera.  “It looks a bit too expensive for a place like this.  I sure would hate for it to get broken.  Let me lock it up for you.”
Boone and Delilah looked at each other concerned.  Damn that is going to complicate things, Delilah thought.  Boone removed the watch and handed it to Pitman.  “Thanks, dude,” Boone stated.  “It was a wedding present from Angel’s daddy.”
“And pissing off the little wife’s daddy is not a good thing,” Pitman chuckled.
If you only knew, Boone and Delilah thought simultaneously while trying to keep a straight face.
As Pitman moved to the other couples, Boone smiled.  He looked down at this belt buckle and tapped it gently and then smiled.  “Boy Scout,” Boone smirked.  “Always prepared.”
Delilah smiled.  “Me too,” she revealed lightly touching her medicine pouch hidden under her pullover sweater.
“An army of two,” Boone smiled and kissed her softly on the cheek.  “Shall we, Mrs. Wolfe?”
Delilah frowned as if she was being led into the bowels of hell against her will.  She knew to continue playing the reluctant bride.  “Next year, I want a real vacation,” she whined on cue, her voice filled with disappointment and reluctance.
The hike to the campsite for night one took less than thirty minutes.  With their packs and other gear, the other campers were tired and a little winded.  Boone and Delilah had to be cognizant of those around them and ensured they pretended to be winded as well.  Delilah pouted even more than earlier and complained just loud enough for the others to hear.  “I wanted a sandy beach and a couple of palm trees.  I do not think this place has any fruity drinks with paper umbrellas.”
The men shook their heads and threw Boone an apologetic glance.  They were all glad they were not in his shoes.  Boone just shrugged and raised his brows.
Pitman assigned the shacks without delay.  “The couples have a cabin for themselves,” he announced.  “The single men can double up.  You will all be responsible for gathering your own firewood for the fireplace.  Grab your axes and let’s head into the woods.”
The men quickly doubled up, and everyone stowed their gear in a shack.  Everyone headed to the woods.  Delilah stayed close to Boone watching him as he used his ax on several fallen trees.  Delilah smiled in appreciation of his strength while she gathered smaller twigs and dry leaves for kindling.  She smiled as she picked up several dry pinecones.  Not only would they burn hot and help start a fire, but they would have a pleasant aroma.  The fragrance would help mask the scent of the old, stale shack.  Boone smiled when he saw her gathering the pine cones.  Delilah would do small, simple things which made his home more comfortable and cozy.  He stopped and gazed at her lovingly.  And then he thought, is it my home or ours?
He tried not to dwell on the thought.  He just smiled again and started splitting the logs.  “You have done this before,” one of the other campers stated as a question.
“Yep,” Boone replied.  “The missus and I only use the fireplace most of the time.  I have cut my share of wood over the years.”
“I see it keeps him in shape,” the other woman mumbled.  She was standing just a few feet away from Delilah.  Delilah giggled and smiled.  The other woman blushed being caught staring at Boone’s muscular arms and tight ass.  Luckily her husband had not heard.  Delilah winked her and grinned.

****

Everyone had traveled across several states to attend the camp.  Dinner was relatively quiet.  Delilah had spent most of the time sitting on the ground between Boone’s legs.  As soon as dinner was over, everyone disbursed and headed for their cabins.  Everyone was tired.
Delilah remained silent as she started setting up the sleeping bags and blankets.  Boone went to work starting the fire in the fireplace.  They had not had the opportunity to check the cabin for bugs or cameras.  They knew to remain quiet until they could sweep the room.  They knew Pitman and Hopkins were probably already watching and listening to them.
They waited until they were in the sleeping bags to continue with their hoax.  Boone snuggled close to Delilah, his front to her back and wiggled as if he was trying to arouse her.
Delilah moved away from Boone.  He tried again.  Delilah moved away a second time and then sat up.  “I am not having sex with you in this filthy place.  It is nothing but an old shack.  You promised me a real honeymoon.  I hate you.”
Boone jumped up and acted as if he was angry.  He walked under the hidden camera and hit the wall with his massive fist.  He pointed up at it while Delilah continued to cry.  “I am going for a walk,” Boone seethed.  “I need to cool off.”  He stormed out of the shack, slamming the door behind him.
“Boone, come back,” Delilah pleaded as she stood and followed him out of the building.  Boone continued to walk until he was far away from the rest of the campers to talk.
“The cabin is bugged, and there are hidden cameras,” he announced confirming their suspicions.  “They are probably listening for infiltrators.  But what are they doing with the video?  Do you think they are taping the couples having sex?”
“Do we warn the other couple?” Delilah asked.
“We cannot take the chance they aren’t plants; already members of the group,” Boone stated suspiciously.  “We do not know these people.”
“True,” Delilah agreed.  “So do we kiss and make up?”
“Not until morning, once we are away from the cameras.  Let’s keep the hoax up a bit longer.  It will be a good rationale for not having sex.”
“Hit me,” Delilah stated.
“What the hell!” Boone screamed out loudly so everyone would hear.
“They expect you to be the dominant male and me to be the submissive wife.  Hit me.  Then I will storm back and cry all night, and you can come back later still pissed.  And then we can both go to sleep,” Delilah suggested.
“I cannot hit you, Angel.”  Boone’s face clearly showed his distress.
“Either you hit me or I will hit you.  We have to make this as real as possible,” Delilah insisted.
“You hit me then,” Boone decided.  Before the words barely left his mouth, Delilah slapped him.  She slapped him hard.
“Damn it, woman!” Boone screamed angrily as Delilah stomped back to the shack.  Entering she threw herself onto one of the sleep bags and cried real tears.  She hated hitting Boone, but she knew it was the only way for them to be safe.  Their mission had barely started.  They could not be discovered so soon.
Boone waited nearly an hour before returning to the shack.  He pulled the other sleeping bag a few feet away from Delilah’s and laid down.  Ensuring he could not be seen by the camera, he smiled and went to sleep.
The next morning, Boone and Delilah rose and dressed for a long day ahead of them.  Boone made sure to stand between Delilah and the hidden camera.  He would not allow them to see her even half naked.  Boone and Delilah gathered their belongings and met the others outside.  “Today we hike further in and set up camp.  We will show the ladies how to set traps and forage for roots and berries.  The men will learn how to track wildlife, and hopefully, we will have food for dinner.  If nothing is found, trapped or shot, you go hungry,” Pitman announced.
“Men with me,” Hopkins directed.  “The ladies are with Pitman.”
Boone and Delilah looked at each other surprised.  Being separated was not a part of their plan.  They had hoped to stay together at all times.  Boone’s eyes hooded and darkened, but he nodded slightly to let Delilah know both of them would be okay.  “Just remember, you do not need me to be strong,” Boone whispered low enough for no one else to hear.  “You are a remarkable woman.”
Delilah smiled inwardly remembering who and what she was.  She had worked alone for ten years bringing in some of the most notorious criminals in the Midwest.  She patted her heart as if to say I love you, but in actuality, she was patting her golden rope she had hidden in her bra.  While looking forlorn on the outside, on the inside, she was smugly confident.
Pitman picked up a large canvas sack and motioned for the ladies to follow.  The other woman was several inches shorter than Delilah and appeared to be almost forty.  The ladies introduced themselves and followed Pitman.
Anna King and her husband Roy were from Utah.  They had four children back home who were being taken care of by Anna’s parents.  “I thought it would be fun to really rough it for a couple of weeks,” Anna revealed.  “Why go camping when we can learn how to live off the land,” she chuckled.  “And without the kids, it will be like a vacation.”
“We will see if you still feel the same way around day five,” Pitman snorted.  “Let’s set some traps.  I would like to eat tonight.”  Pitman stopped and showed Delilah and Anna how to set the snare traps.  Then he pulled a couple of heavy metal foothold traps out of the bag.
“Damn,” Delilah called out in revulsion.  She knew instantly what they were.  “I thought those were outlawed.”
“They are,” Pitman chuckled.  “They can snap the leg of an animal or a human in half.  Quite painful, I have been told.”
The ladies stared at each other apprehensively.  “What are we trying to catch?” Anna asked.
“Anything big.  There will be a dozen of us to feed tonight.  Now let’s forage for edible roots.”  Pitman started explaining to the ladies what to look for.  Showing them what was safe and what was poisonous.  “We have lots of dandelions and clover here.  It makes a dandy salad,” he chuckled, quite pleased with himself at the pun.  “If we find some wild parsnips or Queen Anne’s lace, we will be royal.”
Anna looked at Pitman confused.  “Wild carrots,” Delilah whispered.  “I took a couple botany courses in college.  Looks like it I finally get to put them to use.”
“I was hoping to learn how to shoot,” Anna confessed.  “I have always wanted to learn how to use a bow.”
“Maybe you will,” Delilah sighed.  “It is just day one.”
“This is a bit boring,” Anna continued.  “But I guess it is important.”
“We cannot live on meat alone.”  Both the women chuckled.
“Too bad chocolate doesn’t grow on trees,” Anna quipped.
“Or wine,” Delilah added.
“Let’s stop the gabbing and the whining,” Pitman chuckled again.  “It is almost lunch time.”
The ladies rolled their eyes in unison and stifled another giggle.  They gathered their wild greens and followed Pitman back to the base camp.  On the way, they checked the traps and found them empty.  “I need to lose ten pounds from my last baby.  She is almost six months old,” Anna smirked.  “I do not mind missing a meal.”
The ladies were cleaning the greens when the men arrived with a good sized bighorn sheep.  “We got lunch baby,” Roy yelled to his wife, Anna.  It was evident Roy had taken down the animal.
“Let’s have the women skin and butcher the kill,” Pitman suggested.  “It is time to get your hands bloody, girls.”
Delilah hated being called a girl.  She found the term girl to be condescending and disrespectful.  One, she was far too old to be considered a girl.  Two, she was a lady; a strong, able-bodied woman.
And lastly, Delilah knew how to skin an animal.  She had done it more times than she cared to admit to over the years.  But she had kept it a secret from Boone.  She knew more about using a knife than she had revealed.  She knew she had to hold back and act like a novice.  “Yuck,” Delilah grimaced and looked at Boone as if begging to be saved from a horrible task.
Boone walked over and took her by the hand.  “I know you can do this Angel.  Make me proud.”  Boone said it in such a condescending tone Delilah wanted to pull the knife she had hidden in her boot and stab him.  But deep down she knew he was just putting on an act.  She took a deep breath and subdued her angst.
“Okay,” Delilah sighed pouting again.
Anna and Delilah looked at each other and took the hunting knives their husbands held out to them.  “After you gut it, I will skin it for you,” Pitman announced.  “We will stretch out the skin, and you will have a nice throw rug.  Nothing goes to waste.”
“A souvenir for the kids,” Roy stated proudly.  Roy’s words gave Anna the courage she needed to make the first cut into the sheep’s belly.  Following Pitman’s direction, she finished cleaning and butchering the meat for lunch.
“I need a human moment,” Delilah announced to everyone.  She needed a moment alone.  She needed time to talk to Boone.
“I will join ya, baby,” Boone smiled lustfully for the others to hear.  The word human was their code for we need to talk.
Delilah walked far into the wood line and Boone followed.  “The bastard has set several foothold traps.  Someone could get hurt, badly hurt,” Delilah revealed.
“I saw wolf tracks earlier today,” Boone snarled.  His eyes showed his pain and concern.  “I know I am not a real wolf, but it would be like killing or maiming a member of my family.  We carry the same DNA.  I will sneak away later and spring the traps.  We do not need animals we cannot eat getting killed.  I might be a meat eater, but...”  Boone could not continue.  He was visibly upset.
“I know, Boone,” Delilah whispered as she reached up to hug him.  “I feel the same way.  It is why I had to let you know.  We cannot forsake our ethos just to put these bastards away.  We have to hold on to as much of our humanity has we can.”
Boone kissed Delilah on the cheek.  He admired her so much.
“Do you forgive me?” Delilah asked sheepishly.
“Forgive you?  For what?” Boone asked.
“For hitting you,” Delilah whispered holding back her tears.  “I am sorry.”
“Angel, there is nothing to forgive,” Boone assured her.  “Best friends, always.”
“I just hated having to pretend we had a fight.  I do not like fighting with you.”
“We were not fighting.  Not really.  But I have to say that slap of yours had a bit of a sting,” Boone proclaimed as he lifted his hand to his face.  “I am glad you were not really mad at me.  You are one fierce woman.”
“I do what I have to do,” Delilah smirked.
“Well then get over here and let me mess up your hair.  They are going to wonder why we have been out here so long,” Boone chuckled.  “It is time for us to kiss and make up.”
Boone pulled his shirt out of his pants and moved his belt to the side.  Then he reached for Delilah, still laughing.  Boone grabbed her face and then moved his hands behind her head.  He pulled her towards her with his fingers intertwined with her hair.  “Kiss me, Mrs. Wolfe,” he whispered with his voice full of promise.  
Delilah pulled back and raised her hand as if she was going to hit him again.  “You are incorrigible, Mr. Wolfe.”
Boone grabbed her arm and moved his hand into hers.  Smiling like a small boy, he winked.  Then he pulled her hand to his lips and kissed her palm.  “Incorrigible?”
“Okay, wrong word.  You are neither irredeemable nor hopeless,” Delilah laughed.  “You are just having a bit too much fun.”
“Like what you did in New Orleans?” Boone asked with a silly grin on his face.
“I thought you did not remember that?”   She was both shocked and worried.
“I remember everything, Angel.  The rope does not work on wolves,” Boone laughed.
“That kiss was for real?” Delilah asked.  Her eyes were wide and scared.  She wasn't sure what to believe.  More so, she could not believe Boone had the audacity to keep a secret from her, let alone lie to her.
“Now who is hopeless,” Boone laughed.  “It was the best first kiss ever.”
Delilah wanted to slap Boone, for real.  But his laughter was contagious, and she could not suppress her own laughter.  Delilah had enjoyed the kiss.  She smiled remembering it.  It was the perfect first kiss.  She had cherished it then and even more now that she knew the truth.
“Okay, I guess we are even,” Delilah laughed.
“So no more practical jokes,” Boone asked playfully.
“I did not say that,” Delilah said coyly.  She loved yanking Boone's chain.  She loved his naivety.
“It is nice to see you laugh.  You are so beautiful when you are happy.”
“You too, Hooxei,” Delilah whispered in order not to be overheard.  She unbuttoned the top button of her blouse and messed up her hair a bit more.  “Thanks for dessert,” she laughed and put her hand into Boone’s.  Hand in hand they walked back to the camp looking like a couple of newlyweds.
Everyone stared at the two as if they thought they knew what had happened in the woods.  Delilah blushed on cue and Boone grinned and ran his hand through his pretend to be just fucked hair.  Then everyone snickered.  Boone shrugged and smiled again.
Delilah continued to flush as she sat next to Anna.  “You have kissed and made up,” Anna stated with a smile.  “We heard you fighting last night.  Sorry, but you were a bit loud.”
Delilah looked down as if embarrassed.  “It is okay, Angel,” Anna continued.  “Married people fight once in a while.  But we can all see how much the two of you love each other.  I remember that.  And at least two of my kids were the result of makeup sex.”  Then Anna blushed and giggled.
“Enough,” Hopkins announced to Anna and Delilah.  “We need wood for tonight.  We need to check our traps, and we need to find more food.”
“The ladies will be learning to shoot this afternoon while the men go hunting,” Pitman added.  “Ladies, let’s go.”  Pitman headed to his tent and pulled out three bows and quivers of arrows.  “We will start with the basics and work our way up to crossbows by the end of the week.”
Anna smiled.  This is what she had been hoping for.  She was practically jumping up and down with glee.  It was easy for Delilah to get caught up in her excitement.  “Let’s do this,” Delilah smiled.
The ladies followed Pitman to the makeshift shooting range.  He went over the safety rules and the basics of shooting a bow.  Anna went first and completely missed the target.  “Don’t worry, I will help you,” Pitman stated sincerely.  Delilah watched as Pitman touched Anna wrapping his arms around her and showing her how to hold the bow.  Delilah immediately became suspicious.  The way he held Anna seemed too familiar.  Anna did not appear to mind Pitman's arms around her.
After Anna had shot a few more arrows, it was Delilah’s turn.  Delilah had learned archery many years before, but she had not used a bow in a very long time.  She knew the basics.  And something told her Pitman was not to be trusted.  He had been just a bit too friendly with Anna.  Did they know each other?  Or did Anna just like the attention?  Regardless, Delilah was not comfortable with the thought of Pitman touching her.  But should she reveal she had taken lessons when she was younger?
“I think I got this,” Delilah announced repeating all the instruction Pitman had given, practically verbatim.  She held the bow in almost the perfect position.  But she did not put all her strength into it.  She made sure to appear weak.  She pulled back on the arrow, but not as far as she could have.  She suppressed her smile as her right hand brushed the side of her face.  And then she released.  When the arrow hit the target, she jumped up and down as if she had hit the target for the first time ever.  “Wahoo!” Delilah called out and reached for a second arrow.  
When Pitman moved towards her, Delilah shrugged away and stepped back.  “I have to do this on my own,” she scowled.  “Boone needs to know I can make it on my own,” she added filled with resolution.  Delilah put up her hand, and Pitman stopped.  “Don’t help me.  I have to do this myself.”
Delilah shot the next arrow, again hitting the target.  “I will keep practicing,” she announced shooting arrow after arrow.  With each shot, she moved the arrows closer to the center of the target.  When she placed the last one into the bulls-eye, she stopped.

Chapter 8 – Trapped

Boone tried his best to sneak away from the hunting group.  He wanted to either trip or disable the foothold traps Pitman had set.  Boone knew these types of traps maimed more animals than they killed.  They had been outlawed because of the suffering animals had to endure because of them.  They had been banned because of animals chewing off their own legs to escape the traps.
But Boone could never find a chance.  Hopkins kept a close watch on each of the men.  Hopkins listened for clues hoping to recruit more men into the secret militia.  Hopkins also listened for clues which would indicate one of them might be a government agent.
Boone would occasionally lower his barrier and listen to Hopkins' thoughts.  But he could only do it for a few minutes at a time without getting a headache.  Boone knew both Hopkins and Pitman were the leaders of the local militia.  But Boone needed proof to help take down the group, and mind reading was not exactly something which would hold up in a court of law.  He needed photos.  But so far there was no incriminating evidence to photograph, and neither of the men had verbally recruited any of the campers.  Illegal trapping would not put the militia into prison.  They would pay the meager fines and continue building their home-grown army.
While running the survival course netted Hopkins and Pitman a sizeable chunk of cash, Boone knew there had to be some other way they were bankrolling their operation.  He thought about gun-running, drugs, and even moonshining.  Boone tried, time and time again,  to listen to Hopkins’ thoughts hoping for any clue, but he heard nothing.
Boone was becoming frustrated.  He really did not want to hang out at the camp for a full two weeks.  Boone wanted to finish this mission and return to Red Mountain.  He wanted to return to the home he and Delilah now shared.  Delilah rarely spent any time on Raven Hill.  She had redecorated the bedroom the two of them shared, adding pieces of furniture which had turned the extra space in the bedroom into a comfortable sitting room.  She had changed the decor completely making the room more feminine, almost romantic.  Boone smiled inwardly.  While the two of them still were not romantically involved, they were nearly inseparable, at least until now.  And Boone was starting to miss his best friend.
“When are the women going to start joining the hunting party?” Boone asked on the fourth morning.  The men were already on the side of the mountain tracking their prey for lunch and dinner.  “This is what I need Angel to learn.  I do not expect her to do nothing but the gardening and housework.”
One of the single men laughed.  “You really expect that city raised wife of yours to track, kill, and haul back a deer?”
“She is stronger than she looks,” Boone quipped.  “I bet she could do just as good as you.”
“It that a challenge, Wolfe?” Hancock sneered.  Hancock did not appreciate his manhood being questioned.
“How about a contest?” Boone suggested.  “If Delilah beats you arm wrestling, and you take her place gathering roots and hauling water.”  Boone knew Delilah could take down any of the men.  He knew how fit and toned she was under the frumpy clothing she was wearing to minimize her build.
“You are on, Wolfe,” Hancock replied, chest out and filled with bravado.
“After lunch,” Boone nodded.  Boone needed to get Delilah away from Pitman, and he needed her by his side if they were going to uncover the evidence they needed to arrest the militia and get the hell out of there.
Boone walked away from the group.  “Gotta take a piss,” he announced and headed towards a small hill to the west.  Finishing his business, Boone raised his head to the sky hoping to detect the scent of some wild game.  Sure, tracking using prints in the soil was effective, but his way was so much quicker.  Suddenly the direction of the wind changed.  Boone caught the scent of something not natural, something artificial, something chemical.  What the hell!
Boone looked around but saw nothing.  He climbed a little higher and looked to the northeast, upwind.  He thought he saw another camp.  He thought he saw other vehicles.  But was it on the property which belonged to Pitman and Hopkins?  He would have to find out.
Boone walked back to the group.  “This is some mighty fine land here.  How much do y’all have?” Boone asked.
“As far as you can see,” Hopkins bragged.  “We bought it up mighty cheap when the stock market fell a few years back.  A lot of the locals were selling it for pennies on the dollar and moving south.”
Boone nodded in appreciation.  “Got my land the same way,” Boone bragged.  “It seems we have a few things in common.  I gotta protect myself and my family.”
“Where did you learn to hunt?” Mosley asked.
“From my grandfather,” Boone replied.  “My mother died in childbirth and my father...well let’s just say...he skipped out.”
“You were raised by your grandparents?” Newman asked.
“Yep,” Boone answered.  His and Delilah’s back story was as close to the truth as possible to ensure they did not slip up.  “They are both dead now so it is just Angel and me.  At least for now,” Boone added.  Of course, it was a lie, but Boone did not want any trouble for his grandparents.
Roy took the opportunity to ask about children.  “So, no children?”
“Nope, we have only been married for a few months.  We want to get the farm up and running first.  We have already got the livestock, and we will be increasing the size of the garden this year.  Got a well and a river on the property and we have been stockpiling ammo.  The state of the government has been a bit shaky lately.”
Hopkins’ ears perked up at the last statement.  Boone had added it intentionally.  “So you have your own arsenal?” Hopkins asked curiously.
“Just a few handguns, a rifle and a shotgun or two,” Boone replied.  “Nothing big.  Just enough to protect ourselves.”
“Do you think it is going to be necessary?” Roy asked, "I have my wife and four kids to think about."
“You never know,” Boone quipped.  “But we will be prepared if the country goes to hell in a hen basket.  I will protect my family no matter the cost.”
Boone could finally hear Hopkins’ thoughts.  Boone’s words were working.  “Let’s get back to hunting,” Boone suggested changing the subject of the conversation.  “I am getting a bit hungry.  You got any ducks around here?  I love roasted duck.”  Boone has seen a small lake to the northeast and he wanted to get closer to the camp he had just seen.
“There is a small lake nearby,” Hopkins replied.  “There is normally a duck or two there.  It is just a few miles away.”
“Let’s do it then,” Boone said enthusiastically.  “I like a bit of variety in my diet.”
The rest of the men chuckled in agreement, and they followed Hopkins’ lead northeast.  The area around the lake was perfect for hunting duck and other waterfowl.  Boone positioned himself so he was closest to the mysterious camp and upwind from the smell of the gunpowder.  He needed to sniff out the other scents.  
The wind was light, but Boone could definitely discern the stench of chemicals.  Drugs or bootleg alcohol, he thought to himself.  And was this a part of the militia’s operations?
He would need to get closer but how.  Pitman and Hopkins rarely let the rest of the campers out of their sight.  Occasionally Boone and Delilah could slip away for a few minutes under the guise of having sex in the woods.  It was the only time they could talk in private.  Being newlyweds, the group just chuckled each time they disappeared together.  It was the perfect ploy.
But fifteen minutes would not be enough time to do any reconnaissance on Boone’s discovery.  As a wolf, he could run fast, but they would have to come up with another plan.  They would need at least an hour.  Boone could survey the camp, but it would leave Delilah alone.  Boone chuckled inwardly.  He knew Delilah could care for herself.  Why did he think he had to protect her?
It did not take long for the men to bag enough ducks and a goose for lunch.  They packed up and headed back to the base camp.  Boone stalled for a moment to take another look around.  “This sure is a nice place,” he commented before following the rest of the men.
Hopkins slowed his pace allowing Boone to catch up with him.  “You do not trust the government,” Hopkins stated as a question.
“I have my doubts about how much longer this country will survive at the rate it is going,” Boone frowned.
“Does Angel feel the same way?” Hopkins asked.
“We have not talked about it much,” Boone replied.  “Right now I am just trying to prepare her for the worst.  She is a beautiful woman and she will push out some mighty fine sons to carry on my legacy.”
“That she will,” Hopkins chuckled.  “You picked yourself a good one there.  She will make a mighty fine survivalist when we are done.  You should talk to her and get her onboard with your ideals.”
“In time,” Boone replied using the words Delilah had used so many times on him.  “In time.”
By the time the men entered the camp, the ladies had gathered their roots, had a fire going and hauled in the water from a nearby stream.  As the men held up the goose and ducks, Delilah frowned.
“I hate plucking,” she sneered.  “It takes too much time.  I hope y’all going to help out.”
“Whoa woman,” Hancock called out.  “We did the hunting, you do the cleaning.”
“Oh hell no,” Delilah sneered again.  She had done her fair share of plucking chickens as a child.  The waterfowl had not even been drained of its blood yet.  She detested the smell of chicken blood.  It always made her gag.  She did not see ducks or geese as being much better.
“Why do not you arm wrestle for it,” Boone suggested as a way out for Delilah.  Plus, he had already put out a challenge to Hancock.  “If Angel wins, Hancock and Angel switch places for the rest of the trip.”
Delilah smiled.  It was her chance to show she was not some helpless female.  She hated pretending she was the weaker sex.  She hated pretending she was meek and subservient.  “Bring it, Hancock,” Delilah sneered.  “If you think you are man enough that is.”
Boone could barely contain his laughter and contentment.  This was the woman he adored; a strong, confident, fearless woman.  “Any side bets men?” Boone suggested trying to keep the atmosphere light and comical.
“I got twenty on Angel,” Anna called out immediately.
“Me too,” Boone replied.
The rest of the men bet on Hancock.  Their machismo refused to allow them to bet on Angel.
“Show them what you got baby,” Boone cooed.  “Don’t hold back.”
Delilah and Hancock moved to the ATV, which was parked at the edge of the base camp to use the hood as a flat surface.  Delilah immediately removed her jacket and pushed up the sleeve of her cable knit sweater.  Having cut her nails and talons just days before, she knew she could remove her gloves.  Her fake nails were short enough to be appropriate for camping but long enough to hide her eagle-like claws.
Hancock was not a small man.  He was nearly six foot tall and stocky.  In a bar fight, he could hold his own.  But like most men, he underestimated women.  And he definitely underestimated Delilah.  Looking at Delilah, he smiled as if he had already won the competition.  Delilah rolled her eyes and held out her hand to Hancock.  Then she winked at Boone.
“Do it, baby,” Boone smirked and then smiled.
Hancock took Delilah’s hand.  Anna was eager for the match to begin.  “Show 'em what you got Angel,” Anna called out.  And then Anna counted for the match to start.
Hancock began pushing against Delilah’s hand and arm.  He was surprised when Delilah countered, and her arm moved only slightly to the right.  “I can do this all day,” Delilah whispered to Hancock to psych him out; to intimidate him.  “You are going to have to do better than that.”
Hancock flexed and started pushing harder.  “Is that all you got?” Delilah smiled coyly.  “Bring it, big man.”
Hancock was beginning to get angry.  Delilah could see the determination on his face and she smiled again.  “I am getting hungry,” she sneered and without a change in her face or eyes, she pushed.  Hancock’s arm went to his right, swiftly and forcefully.  He had lost.
“Wahoo,” Anna called out jumping up and down.  But her excitement quickly deflated.  “Damn, now I have to hang out with Hancock every day.”
“I say, we stick together Anna,” Delilah rebuked.  “The men need to learn how to chop wood and carry water too.  Anna comes hunting with me.”  Delilah was displaying her victory proudly.  “It is the time we women decide for ourselves.”
Pitman was not happy.  Boone quickly read his mind.  Sexual predator.  He had wanted to get the women alone.  “I agree,” Boone quickly added.  “The couples should not be separated.  If we are going to survive, we have to do it as a team.  From now on, my wife is with me.  What do you think, King?”
“I agree,” Roy replied taking his wife’s hand and kissing her chastely on the lips.  “We are a team.”
Anna smiled.  “Thank you, sweetie,” she whispered.
Pitman realized he was not going to win this battle and reluctantly succumbed.  He looked at Hopkins, and they both nodded in agreement.  Hopkins knew he had a good chance of winning over Boone, and then Delilah would be the ultimate prize.  They would have a woman of good breeding stock.  Boone’s stomach turned in disgust from Hopkins’ thoughts.  He would need to warn Delilah.
“Damn woman,” Boone quickly exclaimed staring into Delilah’s eyes.  “That was sexy as hell.  I think I need a few minutes.”  Boone grabbed Delilah’s hand and walked quickly towards the woods.
“Newlyweds,” Anna smirked.  “I remember those days.”  Realizing what she had said and that she had said it aloud, Anna blushed.
Boone pulled Delilah to get her to walk faster.  “I want to trip the traps.  And I need to lay my scent.  The wolves are coming closer to the camp, and there is a bobcat in the area.  My scent could keep the bobcat away.”
Delilah took the lead and redirected Boone towards the foothold traps.  As they got closer, Boone felt something.  Something was not right.  He stopped suddenly and pulled Delilah close to him.  He pushed her against a tree and lowered his lips to her ear.  “We are being watched,” he revealed while glancing upwards with only his eyes.  “Cameras.”
Delilah moved her foot close to Boone’s.  She could feel the vibration his boot would give off, whenever they were near a surveillance camera.  “Those traps are for humans, not animals,” Boone deduced.
“Time to play hard to get,” Delilah whispered and then giggled.  She pushed Boone away playfully and ran away from the cameras.  Boone followed laughing along with her.
Boone caught up seconds later and warned her about Pitman’s vulgar thoughts.  “Don’t let him be alone with either you or Anna.  The man is a predator; a pervert.”  Then he told Delilah about his conversation with Hopkins and about the other base camp.
“We need a way to get closer to that camp and a way to justify being away for an hour or so,” Boone stated frustratedly.
“That is easy,” Delilah chuckled without a moment's thought.  “Keep talking to Hopkins about the fall of the government.  Then tell him you need some time to talk to me about it.  Suggest taking me on a picnic alone, away from everyone.  Tell him you need time to convince me to join the cause.”
“Yes, that will work,” Boone smiled.  “Damn you are smart.”
“Yes I am,” Delilah smiled.  “Now take off your t-shirt and turn it inside out.  I will mess up my hair.  And Boone, thanks for the quickie.”
Boone and Roy spent the afternoon teaching Delilah and Anna how to shoot a rifle.  The ladies would be joining the men the next day hunting, and both were excited about the opportunity.  Both were excited for a change in their daily routine.  Both had experienced their fill of hauling buckets of water from the stream.
Delilah and Anna quickly showed their skills the next day while hunting.  Delilah shot a white-tailed deer for lunch, and Anna took down an elk like an expert.  Both ladies were thrilled.  The men were surprised and a bit awed.  Boone and Roy were as proud as they could be, smacking each other on the back in jubilation.
Each night Boone and Delilah would wait until everyone was asleep and then sneak out of their tent.  Boone could feel the electrical lines buried in the ground, and he was determined to discover where they originated and ended.  It was slow work trying to follow the source and destination which just seemed to go on forever.  There was too much ground to cover in just a couple of hours each night.
Deep down Boone suspected the power grid had something to do with the hidden camp he had spotted.  But they would have to wait until Sunday to get close enough to find out.  So once again, the two snuck back into the tent they shared, slept for a couple of hours and then prepared for another day.
By Sunday morning, Boone had convinced Hopkins he was ready to talk to Angel about his speculation on the imminent fall of the country.  Hopkins, in turn, spoke with Pitman and soon Delilah’s plan for a Sunday afternoon picnic was coming to fruition.
“We are going up the mountain a bit,” Boone advised the two men.  “Angel wants to look down over the valley.  If I give her a romantic setting, I am sure she will be easier to convince.”
“Good plan,” Pitman replied.  “Use whatever you have to do to sway her.  You will both be welcome assets to our cause.  We have to band together to ensure our survival.”
“Exactly man,” Boone replied arrogantly.  “I think she is ready.”
Boone put together some food and water for a picnic.  “I will grab a blanket,” Delilah advised him running towards the tent.  “Make it two,” Boone replied lustfully.  “It is a little chilly today.”
Delilah blushed on cue and giggled.  To everyone else, it was obvious how the two would be spending the afternoon; making love between the blankets.  Boone grinned like a Cheshire cat.  Little did the group know, but Boone and Delilah had never seen each other totally naked, let alone had sex.  But the deception was going perfectly and as planned.
A couple miles outside of camp, Boone and Delilah stashed the blankets and continued towards the hidden compound.  They ate their lunch along the way and stopped only to refill their canteens with water.  Once in the valley, Boone could smell the chemicals in the camp more distinctly.  “This place smells like jet fuel and kerosene,” Boone snorted.
“I hope we can get close enough to get photos,” Delilah replied.  “I would like to get what we need and get out of here.”
“Me too,” Boone replied.  “I am starting to miss our huge bathroom, and the giant shower Daddy gave us.  When we get home, I am going spend at least an hour with hot, hot water running over my body.  Normally I like a quick dip in a cold creek, but enough is enough.”
“I am going to pour me a pitcher of wine and soak in the garden tub for three days,” Delilah laughed.  “Washing in the stream just ain’t cutting it for this city girl.  My hair looks like hell.”
As the compound came into view, Boone became silent and listened for any sound which would indicate someone was nearby.  Not hearing anything, he motioned for Delilah to continue.  Delilah looked at the empty barrels around the compound.  She saw the names of three chemicals she knew.  “Omigod,” she called out.  “They are making Jems.”
“You mean like fake diamonds,” Boone replied totally clueless.
“JMS.  It is known on the street as Jems.  It is a spinoff of LCD.  It was outlawed back in the 1970’s.  This stuff is worse than LCD.  It is highly addictive.  It has twice the buzz of LCD.  Some say it lowers a person’s inhibitions.  Others say it takes away a person’s free will.  The government was testing it for use in foreign wars but decided against it.  They were too afraid our own soldiers would use it.  Today it sells for a pretty penny on the streets.”
“How do you know this?” Boone asked suspiciously while taking photos of the barrels with the camera hidden in his belt buckle.
“I did some work with the predecessor to the current DEA.  This stuff is bad news.”
“So you think this is how they are financing the militia group,” Boone wondered aloud.
“If this lab belongs to them, then yes.  Producing and supplying Jems to dealers would definitely bankroll their operations.”
“Stay back and let me look around inside,” Boone suggested.  “If someone is on guard inside, I do not want to take the chance of you being seen.  If I am not back in five minutes, get the hell out of here.  Do not go back to the camp.  It is too dangerous.  Head east to the nearest town and call for help.”
“The place looks deserted,” Delilah replied looking around.  “Sunday must be their day off.”
“From your lips,” Boone grinned.
“To Daddy’s ears,” Delilah finished.  Then she reached up and kissed him on the cheek.  “For luck.”
“Be right back,” Boone smiled and moved closer to the building.  He listened for a heartbeat, any sound which would let him know someone was inside.  All he heard was the sound of lab equipment.  So Boone moved to the nearest window and looked in.  The inside of the building looked like a science lab.  Still he saw no one.  Feeling confident, he approached the door.  Finding it unlocked, he entered.
The odor of the chemicals was overwhelming.  Boone looked around anxiously.  While Delilah’s rope had not taken away his free will, he was not sure about the drugs he saw everywhere.  The little purple triangle shaped pills laying everywhere made him apprehensive.  The vapors from the chemicals instantly burned his eyes and throat.
Boone heard no one in the building.  He moved further into the room ever vigilant while taking more photos.  But the fumes in the room were overpowering and had him gasping for air.  He quickly realized he could go no further.  He needed air; fresh air and soon.
Boone turned on his heel and moved towards the door.  Once outside, he closed his eyes and took a deep cleansing breath.  After taking a second breath, he opened his eyes.  Standing in front of him, he saw Hopkins and Pitman.  Hopkins had a rifle pointed towards Boone’s head.  And Pitman had his perverted arms around Delilah with a knife to her neck.  Fuck.
“Mr. and Mrs. Wolfe,” Pitman laughed moving the knife closer to Delilah’s neck.  “Or should I say Huxley Boone and Delilah Wodan?”
Boone’s eyes went wide.  “We have our own moles in the government,” Hopkins revealed.  “We were just waiting for you to make your move.”
“You will never get away with it,” Boone seethed.
“Hunting accident, accidental drowning, or animal attack?” Hopkins suggested as ways to conceal Boone and Delilah’s disappearance and death.
“It will be another week before your government contact even begins to wonder where you are.  A lot can happen in a week,” Pitman sneered, wrapping his arms tighter around Delilah.  “I am going to have fun with this one.”
Boone looked towards Delilah in fear.  Being killed by Pitman and Hopkins was one thing, but the thought of Pitman touching Delilah was more than he could handle.  “Animal attack?” Boone repeated more like a question to Delilah.  He wanted to know if he should turn wolf and attack.  Delilah moved her head slightly to the side to indicate no.  She wanted a way to capture the two men and possibly more of their group.
“Let’s get these two tied up for now.  We need to get back to the survivalist camp,” Hopkins directed.  “But we will be back tonight to take care of the two of you.”
“Just five minutes,” Pitman requested, rubbing his groin against Delilah’s ass.  Delilah squirmed as she tried to put distance between her body and Pitman’s.  Her face did not show fear, but it did show disgust.
“Keep it in your pants,” Hopkins admonished.  “There’ll be plenty of time tonight.”
Pitman pulled Delilah towards a smaller building, his arm still around her shoulders, his knife still at her throat.  Boone followed with Hopkins behind him.  Soon the duo was tied up in chairs facing each other.  They waited until their captors had left before speaking.
“I am sorry Delilah,” Boone said filled with regret.  “I should have turned.  Then we would not be in this position.”
“No,” Delilah quickly replied.  “We need to get more photos.  We need to bring these assholes down, for good.”
“But what happens when they come back?  They may bring others with them.”
“Then we take them all down.  You turn, and I have my rope.  We can do this, Hooxei,” Delilah stated resolutely.
“I have never turned from a sitting position before,” Boone sighed feeling helpless and apprehensive.  “I am not sure if I can do it.  And if I do, will my wolf get hurt?  Wolves normally do not sit like this.”
Delilah tried not to laugh.  But she was nervous, and the image of a wolf tied sitting upright in a chair made her laugh.  Then reality sat in.  “You could break a leg,” she stated remorsefully.  “Turn only as a last resort.  Maybe they will untie us and then you turn.  Do not hesitate - not for a moment.”
“If Pitman touches you, I am turning.  I will not hesitate.  That asshole will not hurt you,” Boone seethed.  “I just could not bear to see you hurt.”
“I am stronger than you think, Hooxei,” Delilah stated stoic.  Yes, she was afraid, but she would not let Boone see her fear.
“I am sorry I could not read their minds as well as I needed to.  I am not so much of a mind reader as a pusher.”
“Maybe you can push them when they return,” Delilah suggested.
“I have never tried two at the same time, but I will definitely try,” Boone agreed.  “If not, I will keep Pitman away from you.”
Delilah forced a smile of gratitude.  “Thanks, Hooxei.”
“We will survive this, Delilah.  We will figure it out.”
“An army of two,” Delilah mused.  “Daddy normally does not help out more than once a century.”
“Once a century?” Boone repeated as a question.
“I guess it is a good time to tell you a bit more,” Delilah snickered.  She paused for what seemed forever before continuing.  She was trying to determine how much to reveal.
“I was born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.  I was conceived in Canada when my mother and her family moved there during the Civil War.”
“The American Civil War?” Boone asked as his eyes narrowed.  Now that he was learning more about Delilah, he wasn’t sure how much he wanted to know.
“The same,” Delilah confirmed.  “My mother’s family was antislavery, and they headed to Canada.  After the war, Mommy returned to Baton Rouge.  Her parents had died, and she was pregnant with me.”
“And Daddy?”
“Daddy was married.  Is married,” Delilah corrected.  “You have met my half-sisters.  They are the daughters of Daddy’s wife.”
“And you are how old?” Boone asked almost afraid of the answer.
“I was born in 1869.”
Boone quickly did the math in his head.  “You are one hun...”
“Don’t you dare say it out loud,” Delilah yelled.  “Do I look old?”
Boone snickered.  “Not a day over twenty-five.”
“Exactly!” Delilah smirked smugly.
“If you are the baby sister, how old are your half sisters?” Boone asked thinking back to the pseudo-reunion in Albuquerque.
“Twenty-six,” Delilah laughed.
“So are you going to tell me who you father is?” Boone asked.
“Not right now.  Not until I have to.  I need one last secret,” Delilah answered.
“You still don’t trust me?” Boone asked disappointed.  Not disappointed of not knowing, but disappointed Delilah still would not reveal who her father was.
“I trust you with my life,” Delilah said in a reassuring tone.  “It is just that...I have never... damn it, I have never said it out loud.  I have never told anyone.”
“I have seen him,” Boone reminded her.  “I just do not know his name.”
“Boone, sometimes you are so dense.  There have been so many clues over the past six months.  I would have thought you would have figured it out on your own.  There is a little thing called a tablet and the internet.”
“But you said everything about nonhumans and supernatural beings on the internet is wrong, lies.”
“Who I am and who my father is, transcends the internet,” Delilah rebuked shaking her head in disbelief.
“Clues?  What clues?” Boone asked.
“My rope, my medallion, the swans, Raven Hill, my ring, Daddy’s seal, the triangles,” Delilah enumerated impatiently.  She was no longer afraid if Boone put all the pieces of the puzzle together and knew the truth.
“According to the legends, your rope was made by Zeus, but you say he is not your father,” Boone reminded Delilah.
“Yes, that legend is completely wrong,” Delilah sighed.  “Hell, the comic book was wrong.”
“So if I had a tablet, I could figure out who your father was, rather is,” Boone asked.
“Yepper,” Delilah replied.  “You did not need me to figure it out.  You had all the clues.  You chose to wait for me to tell you.”
Boone remained silent for a moment.  Then he looked into Delilah's eyes.  “I wanted you to trust me,” Boone admitted.  “I did not want to figure it out on my own.  I wanted you to know I would never pry or invade your privacy.”
“Thank you,” Delilah smiled.  “It means a lot to me.”
“So when do I meet your brother?” Boone quipped.
“Too much of a clue there,” Delilah insisted.  “If you met him, you would know instantly who Daddy is.”
“So two secrets,” Boone stated holding out two fingers of his right hand which was tied to the arm of the chair.
“For now,” Delilah sadly nodded.
“Okay, time to change the subject,” Boone announced.  “So until all this,” Boone started and then looking around, “How’s your week been?”
“I would kill for a glass of wine,” Delilah mused.
“Me too.  I miss it,” Boone admitted.  “Have you had any fun this week?”
“I liked picking up a bow again.  And I am not afraid of guns anymore,” Delilah confessed.  “And we got to sleep together in that small tent,” Delilah grinned.
“I found out you have one hell of an arm,” Boone laughed.  “That slap you gave me hurt.”
Delilah frowned and looked down.  “Sorry.  I did not mean to hit you so hard.”
“Don’t be sorry.  It was all in good fun.  Like the arm wrestling contest.  Damn woman, you are strong.”
“You told me not to hold back,” Delilah laughed.  “The look on Hancock’s face was priceless.  Did you get a photo of it?”
“As a matter of fact...” Boone started and then laughed, really laughed.
“I enjoyed kissing you and holding your hand,” Delilah whispered.
“Me too,” Boone blushed.  “I always like being with you.  I do not like it when we are not together.”
“If I am going to be tied to a chair,” Delilah tried to laugh.  “I am glad it is with you.”
“Have there been others?” Boone asked.
“Others I have been tied to a chair with?” Delilah replied facetiously.
“You know what I mean,” Boone sneered.
“Other men?” Delilah asked and then paused.  When Boone silently nodded his head, Delilah replied.  “There was one.  It was a long time ago.  I was in my early twenties.  My real twenties.”
“No others?”
“No, it was too complicated.  Daddy did not approve, and he let me know about it.  It did not end well, and I gave up on having a relationship.  I gave up on love.”
“So you have spent most of your life alone?”  Boone’s face showed pity and sympathy.
“Don’t feel sorry for me,” Delilah snapped.  “I have had a good life.  I have traveled and experienced a lot of things.  I speak eleven languages, three which do not exist anymore; the languages of the ancients; the languages of my father.”
Boone did not know what to say.  He understood her life was lonely.  He had lived alone for nearly ten years, but it was nothing compared to Delilah.
“What about you?  Any love interests?” Delilah asked.
“I could not take the chance.  There aren’t too many female wolves around, and I could not fathom the thought of turning a human,” Boone explained.  “So I resigned myself to solitude.”
“Any regrets?” Delilah asked.
“Not yet but the night’s not over,” Boone tried to joke.
Both remained silent for a while realizing the predicament they were in.  Their chances of escaping were fairly good, but they wanted to ride it out and see if they still had a chance of bringing down the group.  They wanted to see the assignment through to the end.  Both knew, however that if pushed, they would reveal any and all secrets to escape and remain alive.
“Have you ever seen me hunt?” Boone asked.  He had wondered for nearly six months and wanted to know.
“I would stand on the mountain during the full moon and watch you leave,” Delilah confessed.  “I was always in awe of you.  Your reddish-tan fur and your eyes...damn your eyes are amazing.”
“But have you ever seen me take down an animal?” Boone asked again.  He was afraid Delilah would think of him as a monster.
“Yes,” Delilah revealed.  “But I have a question.  After you had killed the animal, you laid down as if bowing to it before you ate it.  Why?”
“I guess it is my Arapaho upbringing.  I thank the gods and spirits for keeping me strong.  I thank the animal for giving up its spirit and life for me.”
“I do not think I have ever met a man as noble as you, Hooxei,” Delilah smiled in reverence.  “You are the most gallant man I have ever known.”
Boone did not know how to reply.  He had never thought of himself as noble or gallant.  Hell, he was a wolf; a wolf who killed every month to stay strong.  He shook his head trying to accept Delilah’s opinion of him.
“You do what you have to do Hooxei Bo’ooneih to stay alive.  And you show respect to your kill.  I would call that honorable.”
“An honorable man would not put a lady into this position,” Boone countered.
“I pushed you to take this mission, not the other way around,” Delilah rebutted.  “I came into this with my eyes wide open.”
“Regardless, I hate this,” Boone seethed.  “I hate seeing you tied up.”
Delilah knew she needed to change the subject of conversation.  “So what is the difference between a mind reader and a pusher?” she asked even though she knew the answer.
“I can easily push a thought or memory into someone’s mind.  It is a piece of cake.  But reading someone’s mind is not easy for me to do.  I really have to concentrate.  It gives me a horrendous headache.  I cannot do it for more than a few minutes.”
“Your sister, the Snow Wolf, can do both,” Delilah revealed.  “So can her mate.  He is a Snow Wolf too.”
“You have met them?” Boone asked.
“No, but Daddy has told me about them.  And they are healers too.  Not many wolves have extra powers.  Those who can, descend from the original Snow Wolves.  And usually, they have only one power if any.  Most do not have powers.  So you being both a pusher and a healer is extraordinary.  You are quite special.”
Boone frowned.  At the moment, he did not feel so special.  “Are you saying not all wolves can heal?”
“No.  There are very few.  Normally, a wolf biting a human causes a human to turn wolf.  It activates their wolf DNA.  Because of your magical abilities, you cannot turn a human by biting them.  Your saliva heals.”
“But can I still turn a human into a wolf?”
“Your blood would have to mix with theirs,” Delilah explained.  “Or through sex, if your ejaculate mixes with her blood.”
“So I could turn a human into a wolf?” Boone said more like a statement.  “I am glad I have abstained.  I could never do that to someone.”
“Even if she wanted to be a wolf?  Even if she loved you and wanted to spend eternity with you?” Delilah asked.  It was not morbid curiosity.  She needed to know.
“I do not know, Delilah.  I haven't thought about it in over a decade; since I left the pack.  It is a big decision to make.  I do not think I can make that surmountable of a decision until I have to.”
Delilah knew any further discussion of the subject could lead to an argument, a fight or maybe even heartbreak.  She did not push the issue.  “Can you tell what time it is?” Delilah asked.
“There is still daylight outside.  It will still be quite a few hours before the boys return.  Why don’t you rest for a while?  Try to sleep.  I want you well rested and as strong as possible when they return.”
“As soon as I pop off my nails,” Delilah exclaimed.  “When that bastard returns, I will have a surprise or two for him.”
Now Boone was intrigued.  “I know they are sharp, but are you hiding another secret from me, Delilah?”
“Me, hide things from you?  Could be,” Delilah laughed in a wicked tone.  “That bastard will suffer a slow and agonizing death.  I am going to tear off his dick and stomp on it.”
“Damn woman, remind me never to piss you off,” Boone exclaimed in fear and admiration.
“Now you know,” Delilah laughed.  “I will be ready.  I will find a way to trick him into untying me.  Then I will get my revenge.  First, for holding a knife to my neck and then for rubbing on me.  No one touches me without my permission.”
Boone could only chuckle.  While he wasn't sure if he approved of Delilah's methods, he completely condoned her resolve.  He would let her handle it her way.
For the next several hours, Delilah and Boone tried to nap.  They tried to rest and save their strength, but neither could succumb to sleep.  After the sun had set, they heard a singular vehicle approach.  Boone could tell by the sound of the engine it was the all-terrain vehicle Pitman and Hopkins traveled in.
Pitman and Hopkins entered the building.  “Time for a little fun before we kill you,” Pitman laughed.  “First, I am going to beat the crap out of Boone and then I am going to have lots of fun with Delilah over here.”
Boone knew he could take whatever Pitman could dish out.  His pain threshold was quite high, and he would heal quickly being a wolf.  But once Pitman moved towards Delilah he knew he would have to move quickly.  Boone was still afraid turning wolf while tied up would be problematic.  “You are still my angel,” Boone whispered to Delilah.  “You will always be my angel.”
“Well, ain’t that sweet,” Hopkins laughed.  “The rest of the group will be here soon.  After we are finished with the two of you, we are gonna have to move our operations.”
Hopkins walked over to Boone and without hesitation punched him squarely in the jaw.  Boone’s head barely moved as blood trickled from his mouth.  “Is that all you got?” Boone sneered.
“You lousy son of a bitch,” Hopkins yelled and hit Boone again.
Boone laughed.  “How’s the hand?  Any cuts or scrapes yet?” Boone asked.  He knew the best was yet to come.
Hopkins looked at this hand and noticed a cut across his knuckles.  “That is a wolf bite,” Boone laughed tasting Hopkins’ blood on his teeth.  Boone had intentionally made sure his teeth were exposed for the second punch.  “My blood and your blood have mixed.  You are going to have lots of fun come the next full moon howling at the moon all hairy and craving raw meat still on the hoof.  You are not only going to be a monster, but you are going to look like one too.”
Of course, neither Hopkins nor Pitman took Boone seriously.  “Let’s get on with this already,” Pitman exclaimed impatiently and moved towards Boone.  Boone could see Pitman meant business, however before Boone could turn wolf, Pitman coldcocked Boone with the butt of his rifle.
“Your turn, little lady,” Pitman sneered perversely as he turned towards her.  He was already unbuckling his belt.
Delilah smiled.  “If we are going to do the horizontal tango, I would prefer to be an active participant,” Delilah cooed sweetly.  “How about untying me?”
“Only if you pretend to fight me off,” Pitman cooed in return.  But he knew he would have to untie Delilah to have his way with her.
“Sounds like fun,” Delilah giggled.  “Let’s have a go at it.  I like it rough.”
As soon as Pitman untied the first hand, Delilah reared back and slapped him across the face tearing her talons deep into his cheek.  Pitman screamed in pain and backed away holding his face.  Not only was he in pain from the cuts across his cheek but he felt a burning sensation as if he had been doused with chemicals.  It felt as if his face was on fire.
Hopkins stared at the gaping claw marks across Pitman's cheek.  Then he glanced towards the door. “What the hell?” Hopkins called out, distracted by the commotion which had commenced outside.  Hopkins quickly looked back at Pitman before running out of the building leaving Pitman to fight his own battle.  Hopkins' only loyalty was to himself.
Boone opened his eyes slowly and saw Pitman trying to stop the bleeding from the four long deep cuts across his face.  For a moment, it appeared as if Pitman was attempting to tear the skin off his face.  Despite the disgust, Boone smiled proudly at Delilah.  Then Boone heard the noise Hopkins had heard.  “Is that an orchestra I hear?”
Delilah laughed gaily.  “That would be our backup.”
“Our backup?” Boone questioned.  But before Delilah could answer, the door to the outside was yanked off its hinges, and a very large, very muscular, very red-headed man entered.
“Heard you need some help little sister,” the man called out, almost laughing.
“T,” Delilah called out, happy to see her brother.
Delilah’s brother picked up Pitman by his neck.  “No one fucks with my sisters, especially my baby sister,” he snarled.
“That one is mine,” Delilah yelled.   She reached into her bra with her free hand and pulled out her rope.  “Tie him up and then free Boone.  I will be free in just a moment.”  Delilah used the talons on her free hand to quickly slice through the ropes on her other wrist and then on her ankles.
“So this is the infamous Huxley Boone I have heard so much about,” Delilah’s brother laughed.  “I see the attraction.  He’s kind of pretty, even if he is a wolf.”
“You better be nice to him, T,” Delilah warned her brother.
“What the hell is the noise outside,” Boone demanded still trying to discern everything going on.
“Some call it the call of ‘The Ride of the Valkyries,'” T disclosed.  “Others call it a war cry.”
“It is my sisters,” Delilah added as her brother finished tying up Pitman.  She jumped up into his arms.  “Thanks, bro.”
“Hey bro,” Boone called out.  “What about me?”
“Hold your horses, dude.  I will get to you in a moment.”  T turned back to Delilah.  “So Dee Dee, what do you want me to do with this scumbag?  Toss him to Canada?”
“Not yet,” Delilah laughed.  “I have a little reprisal in mind first.  No one touches me without my permission and gets away with it.  When I am done, he is all yours.”
Boone looked at Delilah confused.  “Dee Dee?”
“It is just a name,” Delilah quipped.  Then she turned to Pitman.  “Stand up you perverted son of a bitch,” she yelled vehemently.  “You deserve to suffer and suffer you will.  I am just not sure if you will bleed out before the poison takes hold.  But regardless, you are going to be in a lot of excruciating pain until you die.  And you will die by morning if not sooner.”
As soon as Delilah finished her warning, she did not hesitate.  She reached down with her talons fully extended.  “This is for all the women you have terrorized.”  Pitman looked down and saw Delilah’s hand but before he could completely process what was about to happen it was done.  Pitman screamed bloody hell as Delilah dug her talons into his scrotum and effectively removed his testicles and penis in one graceful jerk.
Boone did not know whether to be impressed or frightened by the woman standing in front of him.  He had never seen this side of Delilah.  With two swipes of her talons, Delilah cut the ropes releasing Boone.
“Now?” T asked.
“Now,” Delilah nodded as she reclaimed her rope from around Pitman.
T picked Pitman up by the neck again and carried him outside.  Delilah and Boone followed.  “Canada bound,” T called out as he tossed Pitman high into the atmosphere.  Boone felt like he was standing in the center of a sci-fi fantasy.
Boone shuddered and forced himself back to reality.  Looking around, he saw at least fifteen dead bodies.  One of them was Hopkins.  Delilah was sad when she saw Hancock and Anna and Roy King amongst the dead.  She had hoped her suspicions about them had been wrong.
Boone looked at the women standing around him.  He counted about half of Delilah’s sisters.  The same sisters he had seen at the reunion in the mountains of Albuquerque.
“Okay,” Boone started.  “What kind of paramnesia am I standing in the middle of?”
Delilah looked towards her sisters and then to T.  “Do you think Daddy will approve?”
Before anyone could reply, Daddy was standing beside Delilah.  “Daddy,” Delilah called out gleefully.
“I hear I owe you a hug,” Daddy chuckled.  “Sorry, I left so abruptly last time.  I had another appointment I was late for.”
Delilah jumped into her father’s open arms.  “Thank you, Daddy,” she cried blissfully.
Releasing Delilah, her father moved towards Boone and shook his hand.  “I would like to introduce you to the family.  Before you are about half of my lovely daughters.  I would introduce them by name, but they keep changing them.  They have to keep up with the times you know.”
Then Daddy gestured to T.  “And my most famous son, Thor.”
“Thor as in Thor?” Boone called out looking around again.  Everyone laughed.
“Wait.  If this is Thor then you are...”  Boone could not say it aloud.
Delilah moved next to Boone and took his hand.  “Huxley Boone, may I introduce you to my father, Odin.”
“Odin!” Boone called out.  “Daddy is Odin.  I mean Odin is your daddy?”  Boone could not stop stuttering.  “Then your sisters are the Valkyries.  But I thought they did not fight.  I thought they just rode the battlefield deciding who goes to Valhalla.  Oh shit, Valhalla.  That was another clue.”
Thor laughed.  “This one ain’t the sharpest tool in the shed, is he?”
“You leave him alone,” Delilah seethed slapping her brother playfully in his ribs.  Thor stood over seven feet tall.
“But...” Thor started.  But the austere look from Odin quickly quieted Thor.
“I understand the two of you pretended to be husband and wife for the last week,” Odin questioned.
“Yes, Daddy,” Delilah answered timidly.
“I hope that was all,” Odin stated as a question.
“Yes, Daddy.”
“Mister...I mean Odin...hell, I do not know what to call you,” Boone started.  “I would never touch your daughter.  I mean I would never lay with a woman who was not my wife.  I wasn’t raised that way.”
Odin laughed listening to Boone falter over his words.  “I know that son.  I know who you are and what you are.  I created your uber great-grandparents.  You are the half-brother of one of the present day Snow Wolves.  Every last one of you with an active wolf gene in the surviving bloodline is virtuous.”
“Yes sir,” Boone confirmed while looking down.
“We have decisions to make today,” Odin announced.  “You know about us.  Very few humans know we are real.  Most wolves think we died long ago.  We are nothing more than a legend.  Fairy tales just like the ones about the Snow Wolves.”
“I would never...” Boone began.
“We know,” Odin replied.  “We are here today to decide your future.  Well, actually the future of Mr. and Mrs. Wolfe.”
“I do not understand,” Boone stated filled with trepidation.  “The mission is over.”
“Yes, but where do you go from here?”
Odin turned to his daughter.  “Delilah, you have waited a long time to find the right man.  Have you found him?”
“Yes Daddy.  I love him.”
“Boone, how do you feel about my baby girl?”
Boone looked at Odin surprised by the question.  Then he looked at Delilah.  He looked into the pale icy blue eyes which mesmerized him.  He looked at her naturally red lips.  He looked at his own hand which softly held hers.  He lifted her hand to his lips and kissed it gently.
Standing tall, Boone looked directly at Odin.  “With your permission sir, I would like to ask your beautiful, remarkable daughter to be my wife, for real.  I want us to spend the rest of our lives together.”
Delilah squeezed Boone’s hand and looked towards her father filled with hope.
“My daughter, are you willing to give up everything you know to be with this man?  Give up your powers for this man?”
“Daddy, I love you and my family.  But I love Boone with all my heart.  He is my heart.  I would rather live as a human than lose his love,” Delilah stated resolutely.
“Delilah,” Boone quickly remonstrated.  “I could never ask you to give up your family for me.  I know how much you love them.”
“You are my family too.  And someday I hope to have our own family,” Delilah countered.
“Permission granted,” Odin replied in two words.  Odin turned to his family and waved his hand in the air.  As his daughters and Thor disappeared, Odin turned to Boone.  “We will talk soon about how we are going to work out the kinks.  But for now, allow me to give you a lift home.”
Delilah took her father’s hand with her free hand.  “Take a deep breath and hold on tight, Hooxei,” Delilah warned.  Boone inhaled deeply and closed his eyes.  When he opened his eyes, he was home in Red Mountain with Delilah at his side.
“We have a wedding to plan,” Delilah exclaimed as she jumped into Boone’s arms.  
Boone took the Claddagh ring off Delilah’s right hand and placed in onto her left hand with the point of the heart pointing towards the end of her finger.  Boone smirked his little boy smile.  “Now it means you are engaged to me.”
“Kiss me as if you love me, Hooxei Bo’ooneih,” Delilah cooed.
“I do love you.”


Chapter 9 – Decisions

A week had elapsed, and neither Delilah nor Boone had seen or heard from Odin.  They were starting to get edgy.  They were not sure what Odin’s plans for them were.  On the eighth day, Boone finally addressed the giant pink elephant in the room.
“So will you really lose your powers?” Boone asked Delilah, almost fearful.
“I do not know,” Delilah replied.  “Probably.  My other sisters who have married humans had their powers and memories of the family stripped away.  They became mortal.”
“And I am not human, so it really complicates things,” Boone pondered aloud but not addressing the fact Delilah would become mortal.  It was too much to think about.
“Yes, it is something I do not think the family has had to consider before,” Delilah contemplated.
“And the wedding?” Boone asked.
“We need to wait for Daddy’s decision.  If he allows me to keep my powers, the family will plan the wedding.  If not, then it will be up to us.”
“So this could be a big wedding?” Boone asked, again fearful.  He liked simple.  Up until he met Delilah, despite the fact he was a wolf, he felt his life had been simple and uncomplicated once he had moved to Red Mountain.
“The weddings on the hill are splendid.  It is breathtaking.  It is like getting married in heaven,” Delilah replied.  Her face was almost glowing remembering the last god and goddess wedding she had attended.
“So we wait?” Boone asked.
“We wait,” Delilah replied.  “So to keep from getting bored sitting around for Daddy, I guess we should get on with our lives.”
“How long could this take?”
“Daddy works on his own timetable,” Delilah chuckled.  “It could be a while.”
Boone’s thoughts were conflicted.  He wanted to marry Delilah.  But he did not want her to have to change for him.  He did not want her to give up who and what she was for him.
“You said you want children,” Boone started.  “How does that work?”
Delilah laughed.  “Boone?  Do you know how babies are made?”
“Of course, I do,” Boone snapped impatiently.  “I meant if you and I have babies, children, will they be wolves or gods and goddesses.”
“It will depend on Daddy.  It will depend on whether or not I keep my powers.”
“What about you becoming a wolf?”
“I am not sure whether or not I am immune to your bite and to your blood.  And you are half wolf, so if I cannot turn wolf, our babies would only be a one-quarter wolf.  Quarter wolves do not have an active wolf gene.  They will not turn wolf unless you turn them,” Delilah explained.
“So we could live a normal life?” Boone asked.
“Normal for humans?  Or normal for us?” Delilah mused with her brows raised.
Boone considered her question for a moment and then chuckled.  “There is nothing normal about us, Delilah.”
“We will figure it all out as we go along,” Delilah replied casually.  “We have done okay so far.”
“If you consider being threatened by vampires, held hostage, and hunting down murderers and rapists for a living as okay,” Boone quipped sarcastically.
“We all have to make a living,” Delilah replied.
“Where would we live?” Boone asked looking around.  “This house is not big enough to raise a family and Raven Hill is a bit...too much.”
“Not on Raven Hill,” Delilah quickly replied.  “This is my home now.  I like it here.  It may be small, but I have never felt as comfortable and happy as I do here.  We can add on.  We will figure it out, just like a normal couple.”
Boone walked to Delilah and took her in his arms.  “I love you, Delilah,” Boone whispered lovingly into her ear.

****

The next morning Boone woke to the smell of breakfast being cooked.  He pulled on his jeans over his boxer briefs and sauntered into the kitchen.  He was surprised by the way Delilah was dressed.  She was wearing one of his white button-down shirts.  Boone could see the outline of her signature red lace panties and bra underneath.
Boone stared at Delilah.  He was enthralled by her long toned legs.  He followed them from her feet to the top of her thighs which were only slightly hidden by his shirt.
“Damn woman,” he muttered.  “Are you trying to kill me?”
Delilah said nothing.  Boone could not see the smug grin on her face as her back was still towards him.  Then she turned to face him.  When Boone saw she had only partially buttoned the shirt allowing her more than ample cleavage to be displayed, he sighed and closed his eyes.  Boone quickly turned and headed for the shower; a very cold shower.  “I have rules you know,” he called back over his shoulder.  “And I am going to have to add a few about wearing clothes while cooking.”
Delilah laughed.  Yes, she was having fun at Boone’s expense.  Yes, she wanted to get him hot and bothered.  But Boone had more fortitude than she did.  And hers was nearing zero.  She was ready for a sexual relationship.  She had been for a long time.
While Boone showered, Delilah finished cooking breakfast and dressed.  Once they finished eating breakfast, Delilah pulled out her tablet.  “Time to look for our next mission,” she announced.  “Should we venture out or find something nearby?”
“Bounty or detective work?” Boone asked succinctly.
“I have already searched for bail jumpers and escaped convicts,” Delilah answered.  “There is nothing worth getting out of bed for.”
“So detective work,” Boone asked as a statement.
“There are murders, rapists, pedophiles, runaways, drug runners, just name your crime,” Delilah shrugged.
“What do we have nearby?” Boone asked.
“We have human trafficking in Minnesota,” Delilah suggested.  “Or we have a rich runaway in Utah.”
Boone’s curiosity was piqued.  “How rich are we talking?”
“Enough to add at least two bedrooms and another bathroom onto the house,” Delilah smiled.  “And enough left over for a nice deck and a new hot tub.”
“Sounds interesting,” Boone nodded as he thought it over.  “Give the man a call and see if it is worth our traveling out there.”
“Already have,” Delilah smiled.  “The man is worth trillions and is offering half a billion for the return of his daughter.”
“Damn, that is rich,” Boone smiled.  “We could add on as much as we want to the house with a half a billion dollars.”
“But he does not pay expenses.  So if we fail, we come home with nothing,” Delilah advised.
“I knew there was a catch,” Boone frowned.
“But between the two of us, we have enough secret powers to beat the rest of the mob to the girl.”
“How many others,” Boone asked now afraid there would be too many people looking for the girl.
“About a dozen, maybe more,” Delilah replied.  “He would not say.”
“Let’s work up a full dossier on both daddy and the girl and then we decide.  I do not want to be just another fortune hunter in the crowd.”
Delilah and Boone spent the next few hours researching Allen Miner and his sixteen-year-old daughter Lucy.  Allen had amassed his fortune buying out dot nets and selling them off piece by piece.  A polygamist Mormon, he had three wives and nearly a dozen children ranging in age from three months to twenty-two years.  Lucy was Miner’s third child with his first wife.  She was his first daughter.
Lucy was a pretty girl, blonde, bright blue eyes with a youthful figure.  She was a bright girl who did well in school and from all accounts was a devoted Mormon.  Being the oldest female child, Lucy helped her mothers with the smaller children.  She had gone shopping Saturday morning with her best friend, Maggie.  Lucy never returned home.
“It is only a seven-hour drive to Provo, Utah,” Delilah stated when they were finished with their research.
“But it could be for nothing,” Boone replied.  “And our last mission netted us a big goose egg in pockets.”
“Actually, that is not true,” Delilah countered with a smile.  “I got a call while you were in the shower this morning.”
“And you are just now telling me?” Boone’s became tight-lipped, his lips a thin line.
“I was saving it for tonight.  I was planning a big celebration,” Delilah smiled.  Even her pale icy blue eyes were twinkling.  “We got paid in full by the NSA.  And the DEA tacked on a hefty bonus for destroying the Jems lab.  And...”  Pausing Delilah smiled even bigger while she was trying to find the right words.
“Spit it out, Delilah,” Boone glowered.  “No more secrets.”
“It is the land in Idaho,” Delilah started.  “The government confiscated the land.  They are going to deed it over to us.  It is thirty-two thousand acres, the equivalent of fifty square miles.”
“You are kidding, right?” Boone replied hesitantly waiting for the other shoe to drop.
“We should have the deed in thirty days,” Delilah giggled.  “As soon as the EPA declares the soil and the water table clean, it is ours.”
“That is prime land,” Boone gasped in disbelief.  “A single acre is going for almost $10,000 in that area.”
“It is three hundred and twenty million dollars worth of beautiful land,” Delilah exclaimed no longer able to contain her excitement.  “And another two million for the mission.”
“Damn woman.  We just might make it, after all,” Boone grinned as he took Delilah into his arms and kissed her ardently.
“So do you still want to take this case?” Delilah giggled.  She was excited by Boone’s kiss, no longer chaste.
“If we find this girl, we will not have to work another day in our lives,” Boone realized.
“We do not have to work now if we just sell the land in Idaho,” Delilah advised.  "We are already very rich.  Boone, we are millionaires."
Boone ignored Delilah's last statement.  He did not want to think of himself that way.  He just wanted to be a normal man working each day to make a living.  His net worth was already in the millions just from working as a bounty hunter.  But he never thought of himself as wealthy.  He liked the way he lived; simple and uncomplicated.  “Let’s keep the land for a while.  The value will double in ten years.  Then we can discuss selling it,” Boone decided quickly.
“So back to Miner,” Delilah continued tabling their recent paycheck and land acquisition.  “Do you want to go to Utah?”
“I would like to spend some more time learning more about Miner and his daughter.  She has been missing for almost three months, and there have not been any leads.  Something does not add up,” Boone stated, shaking his head.  He was trying to fill in the blank or missing information.
“According to Lucy’s friend Maggie, they were at the mall on a Saturday morning.  Maggie left the food court to go to the ladies room, and when she returned, Lucy was gone.  Maggie searched the mall for her friend for over an hour and then went to Lucy’s house.  Her parents waited another five hours before calling the police.
“According to police records, they found no evidence of foul play,” Delilah added.  “And since there were never any ransom demands, they chalked it up to Lucy running away.  It is labeled a missing person case.”
“It seems strange a sixteen-year-old girl who grew up in a tight-knit family with lots of wealth would just run away,” Boone commented skeptically.  “Something is not adding up.”
Then Boone thought of the conversation he and Delilah had earlier.  “Murders, rapists, pedophiles, runaways, human trafficking,” he pondered aloud.
“What?” 
“I was just thinking of the list of cases you suggested this morning,” Boone replied.  “Murders, rapists, pedophiles, runaways, human trafficking.  This could be any combination of the above.  Murders, rapists, human traffickers, do not ask for ransom.  They are not the kidnap for money type.  This girl could be dead or worse, enslaved.”
Boone started tapping the screen of his tablet again.  When he found the photos he was looking for, he stopped.  “Look,” he stated turning the tablet towards Delilah.  “She is young and looks even younger without makeup.  We cannot be sure of her body under her plain baggy dress.  If she is underdeveloped, she could be the target of a pedophile.  If she is well-developed, she could have been the target for human trafficking and/or prostitution.  If someone took her, they might know who she is or does not care.  In some markets, especially the sex trades, she is worth more by selling her than by asking for ransom.  A young pretty innocent looking virgin can fetch a handsome amount depending on who is buying.”
“That complicates everything,” Delilah frowned.  “A simple runaway is one thing, but the types of people you are talking about are not only dangerous but a bit harder to find.”
“And the girl could be anywhere, pick a country,” Boone glared.  “This could get expensive.”
“Expensive,” Delilah repeated rolling the word around on her tongue.  “Maybe it is why Miner is not paying expenses.  He knows where she is and knows no one will find her.”
“Like he killed her,” Boone suggested.
“Or he is the one who sold her,” Delilah suggested.  “What is one less daughter when you have nearly a dozen children?”
“That would make him one sick bastard,” Boone snarled.  “I need to meet this guy and see what I can find out.  Maybe we can push the truth out of him.”
“It might be hard to get him alone,” Delilah suggested.  “And if he is the culprit behind her disappearance, then we walk away penniless again.”
“This one ain’t about the money,” Boone scowled.  “It is about the girl.  I need to know what happened to the girl.”
“You are pissed,” Delilah proclaimed watching Boone’s eyes turn dark and feral.
“Yes.  Women are not property to be bought and sold.  And they are not to be used and abused for someone’s perverted sexual gratification.  It is not right, Delilah.  It is just not right.”  Boone hung his head.  He was not only angry but sad.  He remembered his sister Rayne and how she was already coveted when she was still a young girl, not even a teenager.  He imagined what his now dead sister Star might have experienced.  Boone did not know Lucy, but suddenly he felt responsible for her.  He felt an irrepressible need to find her.
Delilah instinctively knew Boone had made his decision.  She knew he had to find Lucy.  She nodded.  “I will start packing.  We can leave for Utah in the morning.”
“Thank you,” Boone muttered.  His sadness had already consumed his heart and soul.

****

Boone and Delilah entered the expansive estate of Allen Miner and his families.  The concrete paved driveway was long, framed by tall mature trees on either side.  When they reached the clearing of the trees, they noticed three large houses, each around four thousand square feet covering three floors.  The house in the middle appeared a bit larger and had a formal portico.  Boone drove to the house in the middle.
As soon as Boone and Delilah exited the SUV, a large black and silver dog appeared out of nowhere.  It was barking loudly, announcing their arrival and snarling.  Delilah was frightened by it and jumped behind Boone.  “I got this,” Boone laughed and then stared at the dog.  “He is part wolf,” Boone added and growled lowly.
“You talk to dogs?” Delilah asked still fearful while peering at the beast.
“I can intimidate them with my growl,” Boone admitted.  “But my wolf is talking to his wolf right now.  We are telling him we are here to help.  This little guy might be a wealth of information for us.”
“What do you mean?” Delilah asked but before Boone could answer Allen Miner and one of his wives opened the front door of the center home and called for the dog to heal.
“Sorry about that,” Mrs. Miner called out to Delilah.  “Brutus does not like strangers.”
“Brutus?” Boone leered while looking at the wolf-shepherd mix.  “He looks more like a Warrior to me.”
“Warrior?” Mrs. Miner gasped.
“Was he a rescue?” Boone asked already knowing the answer.
“Yes.  But the kids changed his name to Brutus.”
“I think he prefers Warrior,” Boone quipped and then winked at the dog.  Boone held out his open palm to Warrior as a sign of friendliness.  Warrior licked Boone’s hand as he eagerly wagged his tail.
“You are good with animals,” Mrs. Miner smiled in admiration.  “It is a good trait in a man.”
Boone did not reply, but he smiled.  Delilah stepped out from behind Boone a bit more at ease.  “We called earlier,” Delilah announced.  “Huxley Boone and Delilah Wodan from Red Mountain Investigations,” she added as an introduction.
“Allen Miner and my wife, Margaret,” Mr. Miner replied extending his hand towards Boone.  Delilah intercepted and shook Mr. Miner’s hand.  Out of the corner of her eye, Delilah could see Margaret trying to hide a giggle.  Delilah was a strong, assertive woman and Margaret instantly liked her.
“Let’s go inside,” Margaret offered politely.  Margaret appeared to be in her early forties with dirty blonde hair worn in a single braid down her back.  She wore only a little mascara and clear lip gloss.  Her dress was plain and devoid of ornamentation.  It was pale green and showed very little of her figure.  Overall, she was a pretty woman, plain but pretty.  “We can show you Lucy’s room and tell you what we know.”  Margaret became quiet and a bit withdrawn.  It was quite apparent she was depressed about her daughter’s disappearance.  Both Delilah and Boone noticed Mr. Miner’s expression did not match the expression of his wife.  It was more stoic, too stoic.
By the time the four reached Mr. Miner’s study, refreshments had been laid out by one of their servants.  Confused, Delilah looked at the woman.  She thought polygamists were more private about their multiple families.  But Delilah said nothing.
“I have three families,” Mr. Miner announced seeing Delilah’s confusion.  “Since Utah changed its laws about polygamy ten years ago, we can live openly.  Margaret is my first wife.  This is her house.”
“Tell us about Lucy’s disappearance,” Boone asked bluntly, cutting to the chase.  “We need to know everything you do.”
Margaret started from the beginning telling about the day of Lucy’s disappearance.  “Lucy was supposed to go grocery shopping with me.  But she had spent Friday night with her best friend and then begged to go to the mall the next morning.  She always helped me.  She was a good girl.  So I decided to reward her with the morning off.”  Margaret often paused to dry her tears and to calm herself and tell the rest of the story.  She did not disclose anything Boone and Delilah did not already know.  Allen sat quiet and still.  Both Boone and Delilah found Allen’s demeanor suspicious.
“Did she take anything with her?” Delilah asked Mrs. Miner.  “Clothes, money, anything from her room?”
“No,” Margaret replied.
“Did she take a cell phone or tablet?  Anything which could be tracked by GPS?” Boone suggested.
“My children do not have cell phones, and she did not take her school tablet with her to the mall,” Allen replied.
“Did she take a backpack or purse with her to the mall?” Delilah asked.
“A small clutch,” Margaret replied.  “Just big enough for her ID and a few small items.”
“How much money did she have with her?” Boone asked.
“Not much, two maybe three hundred dollars,” Margaret answered.
“Does she have a debit card or a personal bank account?” Boone queried.  He needed to know if she had access to any money or any other resources.
“No,” Margaret started sobbing again.  “My baby is out there, all alone.  Please, can you help me find her?”
Delilah reached her hand towards Margaret.  “Mrs. Miner, I assure you we will do all we can to help you.”
Boone looked at Allen whose face was still stoic.  It appeared as if he was getting impatient, bored even.  “Mrs. Miner, would you mind showing Delilah to Lucy’s room while I speak to your husband?  There is no need to upset you any more than we have today.”
Margaret nodded and dried her eyes with a tissue.  Delilah followed Margaret back to the foyer and up the stairs.
“What aren’t you telling us?” Boone demanded once the women had left the room.  He knew there was more.
“You are just another investigator in a long line of people trying to get rich,” Allen replied calmly.  “It has been three months and no one has found Lucy.  I do not want Margaret to get her hopes up again.”
“Then why have you put out such a large reward for finding her?  You are the one causing your wife’s heartache, not us.  We did not come here today for the money.  We might not be trillionaires like you, but we do not need the money.  I came here to find the truth.  And trust me, I will find Lucy and the truth.”
Boone could hear Allen’s heartbeat quicken.  He could feel the panic coursing through his veins.  Boone knew there was more to Lucy’s disappearance than what Allen Miner was telling him.  He had never tried to push someone for the truth before, but he was tempted to try.  He took a deep breath and glared into Miner’s eyes, but before he could penetrate Miner’s mind, they were interrupted.
“I hope the dress helps,” Margaret stated softly to Delilah.  “I hope you can help us.”
“We will try our best,” Delilah replied taking Margaret’s hand again.  “We will start fresh first thing in the morning.  If you think of anything which can help us, call me.  You have my number.  Put together a list of Lucy’s friends and classmates and send them to me.  I will talk to everyone in Provo if I have to.”
“You are not like the rest,” Margaret commented, her voice barely above a whisper.  For the first time, she had hope.  And her emotions were overwhelming her.
“We are not doing this for the money, Mrs. Miner,” Delilah assured her.  “We just want to help.”
“I do not understand,” Margaret sobbed.
“Sometimes you just have to do the right thing,” Delilah tried to explain.  “This is what Boone and I do.  We are getting married soon and starting our own family.  If it was my daughter and she was missing, I would want people who truly cared to help me.  I would want people with pure hearts on my side.”
Margaret smiled.  “Thank you,” she whispered in gratitude.  “You find my daughter and everything I have will be yours.”
“It will not be necessary Mrs. Miner, but thank you.  This will not be easy, but we will not give up,” Delilah stated reassuringly and pulled Margaret into an embrace.
“We will be in touch,” Boone added and held out his hand towards Delilah.  Delilah put her hand in Boone’s, and they headed for the door.  Boone turned back and glared at Mr. Miner.  Boone was more determined than ever to find the truth.
Once in the SUV, Boone took a closer look at the bag which contained Lucy’s dress.  He chuckled as he touched the piece of golden colored rope holding it closed.  “What’s up Delilah?” he asked.
“I cut a piece of my rope off to tie up the bag, and I accidentally got Mrs. Miner’s wrist caught in it,” Delilah laughed.
“Accidentally?” Boone quipped.
“Well, something like that,” Delilah continued laughing.
“So what did you find out?”
“She does not know much more than what she told us in the study.  She does suspect her husband is not being totally forthcoming but could not provide much more.  She does not trust him completely, but she does not know why.  Just a gut feeling she said.  I suggested she have her husband move the reward money into a trust fund she could access.”
“Good idea,” Boone mused.  “I was just about to try pushing Mr. Miner when the two of you showed up.  I have never attempted to push the truth before, but I figured what the heck.”
“Maybe we should come back tonight after dark and take a look around,” Delilah suggested.  “Warrior is your friend.  He will not give us up.”
“What are you hoping to find?”
“Not sure.  Again, just another gut feeling.”
Boone and Delilah checked into a nearby hotel and went to dinner.  As Delilah was changing into her black jeans and boots, Boone smiled.  This was the Delilah he had fallen in love with.  But instead of her usual red blouse, she donned a black long sleeved t-shirt which accented her small waist and ample breasts.
After the sun had gone down, they headed back to Miner’s estate.  Boone parked the SUV near the road, and the two walked towards the houses.  Just before they reached the edge of the trees, Boone turned wolf and called to Warrior.  The wolf-shepherd mix loped towards Boone happy to see him.  After an exchange of growls from each of them, Boone turned human.
“He does not like Mr. Miner much,” Boone disclosed.  “Says he yells at his wives a lot and likes to slap them around.”
“So he is a bigger asshole than we thought,” Delilah sneered.  “What does Warrior know about Lucy?”
“Not much.  He does not remember anything special about her disappearance except she did not come home.  Warrior tries to protect the little ones from their father.  He takes quite the beating himself sometimes.”
“So why does not he just...” Delilah could not finish the question.
“He puts up with it to protect the kids.  Warrior knows Miner could have him killed.  Have him put down.”
“I understand,” Delilah sighed.  “Warrior is one of the good guys.”
“Yes, he is,” Boone answered while petting Warrior and smiling.  “You ready?” Boone asked Delilah who nodded.  “Lead the way,” Boone told Warrior.
Warrior ran towards the house on the right.  He knew Miner was staying in that house that night.  Boone and Delilah followed.  As the three moved to the back of the house, Warrior suddenly came to a halt.  All three could hear arguing from inside.  Warrior growled and took off running towards the confrontation.  Boone put out his arm to hold Delilah back.  “Warrior’s got this,” Boone whispered as he watched Warrior enter the house through the doggie door.
Boone could hear Warrior loudly growl at Miner.  Then he heard a yelp before hearing Miner storm away.  “Damn it,” Boone snarled.  “That bastard is going to die one of these days.”
Warrior returned to Boone’s side.  With the light coming from the window, both Boone and Delilah could see the whelp left by Miner on Warrior's back.  “Belt,” Boone whispered to Delilah as he knelt down beside the dog.  “Let me heal you,” Boone whispered to Warrior.
Boone gently licked the wound on Warrior’s back.  With seconds, the wound had healed and disappeared.  Warrior thanked him by licking Boone’s face.  “You are welcome,” Boone smiled.
Warrior moved back to the entrance of the house.  He looked around and growled softly.  “He wants us to follow him,” Boone whispered taking Delilah’s hand.  Together they followed Warrior.  Warrior continued to the far side of the house.  He stopped outside the window.  The curtains and the blinds were closed, but a small light emanated from the room disclosing someone was inside.  Warrior growled lowly and then stopped.  Boone placed his ear near the window and listened.  He could hear a girl crying.
“Lucy?” Boone asked looking down at Warrior.  Warrior growled softly.  “Not Lucy,” Boone whispered for Delilah to hear.  “Must be one of the other daughters,” Boone surmised.  “But why is she crying?  Did he hit her?”
Warrior growled again.  “No,” Boone translated.  “But she is scared.”
“Of what?” Delilah gasped.
“Minor keeps her hidden away.  Almost like a prisoner.  She is not allowed to be around the others,” Boone translated again.
“Why?  Is he afraid she will run away too?” Delilah guessed.
“Not sure.”
“Does he beat her?  Hurt her?” Delilah gasped.
“No.”
Delilah almost sighed in relief.  “But he keeps her locked up,” she seethed.  “What about the other girls, the other children?”
Warrior growled.  “The other girls are still small.  This is what Warrior wanted us to see; what he wanted us to know,” Boone explained.  “This guy is up to something.  Now we just have to figure out what.”
“Lead us out of here, my friend,” Boone instructed Warrior.  Warrior growled and led the way back to the trees.  Once there, Delilah petted Warrior, no longer afraid of him.  “Thank you for helping us,” she told him and then kissed him on top of his head.  “You are a great protector, brave and loyal.  I will ask Thor to watch over you.”
“Thor?” Boone asked.
“Thor watches over wolves; wild wolves.  He will watch over Warrior too,” Delilah explained.  “He told me it was his wolves you smelled at the survivalist camp.  He had them watching over us.”
“Damn.  I did not know that," Boone nodded appreciatively.  “I really need to thank him.”
“I already did,” Delilah smiled.  “Let’s get some rest and hit the bricks in the morning.  We need to get the word on the street about Miner.  We need to find out what the locals know, but Miner has failed to tell us.”
“This guy has some secrets.  And I am betting they are ugly,” Boone sneered.  “Dinner and wine?”
“That would be wonderful Hooxei,” Delilah cooed.
Back the hotel after dinner, Boone and Delilah lay in the bed and talked.  “So you do want children?” Boone asked.
“Yes.  Maybe two or three.  How about you?”
“Two or three would be nice.  At least one boy and one girl,” Boone confessed.  “I want a girl to spoil and a boy to carry on my legacy.”
Delilah laughed.  “I am trying to imagine you spoiling our little girl.  She is so going to have you wrapped around her little finger.”
“As it should be,” Boone smiled.  “I am sure she will be as beautiful as her mommy.”
Now it was Delilah’s turn to blush.  “Woman, you know you are drop dead gorgeous.”
Delilah smiled.  It was an innocent smile.  Yes, she was beautiful and yes she knew it but hearing Boone say it out loud made her feel loved; truly loved.
“We still need to add onto the house,” Boone reminded Delilah.  “Any thoughts?”
“There is plenty of room behind our bedroom.  The ground slopes down nicely behind the wine cellar.  We could easily add a couple of bedrooms and a family room.  And another bathroom or two.”
“Or three,” Boone laughed.  “Do you want individual suites and an extra bathroom for the family room?”
“In a perfect world, yes,” Delilah replied.  “Once we work out the costs we can decide for sure.  Let’s start big and then we can go from there.”
“Works for me,” Boone nodded even though he knew the money would not be an issue.  “How soon do you want to start our family?”
“Now?” Delilah cooed moving closer to Boone.
“Not now,” Boone smiled and moved away.  “But as soon as we are married, I will ask again.”
Delilah frowned but knew Boone would not touch her until they were married.  Inside she smiled.  It was one of the reasons she loved Boone so much.  He was a good man, an honorable man.  He would be a good father and role model for their children.  He would teach them right from wrong.  He would sacrifice anything and everything to protect them and provide for them.  But most of all he would love them with his whole being, his entire heart and soul just as he loved her.


Chapter 10 – Street Talk

The next morning Boone and Delilah found a small cafe near Miner’s headquarters in downtown Provo.  To blend in with the rest of the local citizens, they had done some shopping the night before.  Boone was dressed in a pair of the standard black dress pants and a short sleeve white shirt.  Delilah found a plain pale blue dress which hid all her assets but matched her pale blue eyes.  She wore no make-up and had pulled her hair back into a traditional prairie braid.  But as always, Delilah was beautiful.
Boone could not help but smile in admiration.  He could not believe the woman sitting across from him loved him unconditionally.  The most beautiful woman in the world had agreed to be his wife.  While it had been six months, it seemed as if just yesterday Delilah had come into his life and turned it upside down.  And he was happy, truly happy that she had.  This was the woman he wanted to spend the rest of his life with; have a family with.  Every day with her was true bliss.
Delilah and Boone sat quietly in the cafe trying to listen to the conversations taking place around them.  The brick front cafe had less than a dozen small square tables.  A large window framed the front of the shop, allowing everyone to see out into the city.  A long green canvas awning shaded the occupants from the morning sun.  A long glass case ran the length of the cafe displaying both breakfast and dessert pastries along with sandwiches and salads already prepared and ready to be purchased.  The cafe offered a wide range of juices and decaffeinated hot beverages.  Caffeine was not allowed in the Mormon diet.
Boone and Delilah hoped to hear anything about Miner, which could assist them in finding out Miner’s secrets.  They hoped to learn anything which could help them find Lucy.  But it had been three months since Lucy’s disappearance, and she was no longer a hot topic of conversation.  Still they continued to listen hoping to hear anything about Allen Miner; anything at all.  They heard nothing.  They found it strangely odd.
After two hours of sitting in the cafe and drinking far too many cups of decaffeinated coffee, the two decided to walk to the building which housed Miner’s empire.  They hoped to hear anything.  They had to be careful.  Miner knew who they were.  And they needed anonymity to talk to anyone who might know any of Miner's dirty little secrets and would be willing to help.
They walked around the entire block, careful not to hold hands or show any public display of affection towards one another.  It was difficult as they had become accustomed to walking hand in hand.  It was their way of being intimate.  Boone and Delilah looked for any side access to the office building where workers might congregate during a break.  They saw one area behind the building with picnic tables but noticed numerous guards and security cameras.  Not wanting to be seen or caught on camera, they decided to forgo sneaking onto the patio.
Back on the main street, Boone and Delilah noticed a park across from the main entrance.  They walked over and sat on one of the benches.  It was a warm morning, and the shade of the mature trees gave them a welcome reprieve from the hot sun.  Delilah pulled a bottle of water out of her large handbag and handed it to Boone.
Boone smiled appreciatively and after drinking half the bottle laughed.  “I am not used to you carrying a purse.”
“Got to hide my stuff somewhere,” she chuckled.  “It would be easier with my usual outfit.”
“As if your skin tight jeans and low cut blouse would blend in here,” Boone quipped.  “By the way, where are you hiding your knife?”  Boone knew Delilah always carried her knife for protection.  It had become her good luck charm, always a part of her outfit when on an assignment.
“Under the dress,” Delilah replied with a shrug.  “This dress is loose enough to hide the thigh sheath.  And the bottom half of the Mormon woman’s underwear goes all the way to the knee.  It actually keeps the sheath from chafing my leg.”
“Are you wearing the top part of the underwear?” Boone asked.  It was much like a t-shirt in the same fabric of the bottoms worn over a bra.  The underwear covered every female from shoulders to knees.
“Oh hell no,” Delilah sneered in a low whisper.  “One should never hide a lacy red bra.”
“That’s my girl,” Boone grinned, wanting to pull Delilah into an embrace.  “Remind me later I owe you a hug.”
“Are you wearing the men’s boxer briefs?” Delilah asked.  The men’s underwear also went to the knees.
“I do not need a chastity belt,” Boone growled.  “Those things cut off the circulation to the boys.  And they are too damn hot.”
Delilah laughed.  “Commando?” she whispered.  Boone nodded his yes.  “Now who is the defiant one?” Delilah smirked with a twinkle in her eye.
“You are a bad influence on me,” Boone replied with a wolfish grin.
Boone took a long look around the park.  It covered the equivalent of a city block.  Most of the area was covered with lush green grass with concrete sidewalks dissecting the park like a cross.  There were several benches strategically placed under tall trees for shade and at least a dozen metal and wood picnic tables scattered throughout.  “Lunchtime is coming up soon,” he commented.  “We might be able to eavesdrop on a few conversations.”
“Let’s walk around for a few minutes, grab a sandwich and drink and then come back,” Delilah suggested.  “We need to blend in.”
“Good idea,” Boone replied and stood.  He offered Delilah, his hand and she took it.  Looking around and not seeing many people Boone quickly kissed Delilah on the cheek.  “This place is too old-fashioned for me,” he sneered and released Delilah’s hand.
“And you are too old-fashioned for me,” Delilah laughed.
“You know my rules,” Boone replied sternly.  “And we still have not heard from Daddy.”
“I will try reaching out to him when we get home,” Delilah sighed.  “Let’s finish this case first.”
“Yes, my love,” Boone cooed as they walked to a small sandwich shop on the opposite side of the park from the office building.  After procuring lunch, they walked back to the park.  They found a bench near the center which gave them a direct line of sight to the front entrance of the six-story red brick office building and sat.
It did not take long for people to start filling the park to eat their lunch.  Boone stayed vigilant trying to listen to as many conversations as possible.  But none was about Miner.  If there was any gossiping going on, it was not being done in public.  After the lunch hours had ceased, Boone suggested they leave.  “We will try again tomorrow.”
Each day Boone and Delilah rose and dressed in the local outfits.  They would find a small cafe or restaurant near Miner’s office for breakfast, eavesdrop on the conversations, go to the park, eat lunch and then leave.  They were not getting anywhere on discovering anything useful about Miner.  They knew nothing more at the end of the afternoon than what they knew that morning.
In the evening after dinner, they would pick a main road out of Provo and try to pick up Lucy’s scent.  Every night they returned to the hotel no closer to the truth.  Frustration was starting to consume them.
During the week, Boone and Delilah had learned a few things about the local customs.  Miner closed the office promptly at 5 p.m.  All the females who worked in his building were young and single.  On Saturday, the local women would spend the morning shopping and the afternoon cooking for Sunday.  Sunday was a family day.  After going to the temple, the family would congregate and eat the food prepared the day before.  It was a society in which women were second-class citizens revered only for their housekeeping and baby-making abilities.
There were no clubs in the area.  No alcohol, no dancing, no celebrating.  Boone and Delilah, while not the public type, still found the city quite boring.  They had already drunk the few bottles of wine they had brought with them and had no way to replace them.  And on Sunday, the city would be the equivalent of a ghost town.  Stores, restaurants, everything, closed while everyone spent time with their families.  Boone and Delilah would have to plan ahead if they were going to stay the weekend in Provo.
Saturday morning after a big breakfast, they went to the local laundry mat and washed their clothes.  They waited until the afternoon to shop knowing the locals would have finished their shopping in the morning.  While still not sure if they would be staying or going home in defeat they acted as if they were staying, just in case.  They moved to a suite with a mini kitchen and bought enough food to get them through Monday morning.  Saturday night when they went to bed, they were no closer to making a decision than they were Saturday morning about staying or giving up on finding Lucy.
Sunday morning, Delilah woke first and starting cooking breakfast.  Boone woke to the smell of caffeinated coffee, which they found in a Turkish specialty food store.  Hearing the sound of bacon frying, Boone smiled.  While Delilah usually cooked breakfast, he did not take her for granted.  He never expected her to be cooking as he woke up and smiled in appreciation every day she did.  “Dee Dee,” Boone cooed.  “Let me help you with that,” he offered with a smile.  Delilah was in her usual morning outfit cooking; Boone’s shirt and her lacy red panties.
“Stay out of my kitchen,” Delilah laughed swatting the air with her spatula.  “I like cooking breakfast.  But you can help with lunch and dinner.  And what is with the Dee Dee?”
“I cannot call you Angel anymore,” Boone stated sadly.  “Not after that bastard in Idaho tried to...”  Boone could not finish.  “So I need a new nickname for you.  Do you mind?”
“Thor calls me Dee Dee.  He is the only one who does,” Delilah frowned.  “How about just Dee?”
“I can do Dee,” Boone nodded and smiled as poured himself a cup of coffee.  He lifted the cup to his face and inhaled deeply.  Exhaling he moaned as if smelling manna from heaven.  “So what do you want to do today?  There ain’t much to do around this town.”
“Let’s relax this morning and then maybe this afternoon we can go for a swim?”
“You in a skimpy bikini here in Utah?” Boone quipped raising his brows.  “Not a good idea.  Not unless we want to be the talk of the town in three point two seconds.”
“True,” Delilah frowned.  “The dresses I have to wear are just getting on my last nerve.  I cannot believe the women here still dress like this and allow themselves to be subjugated.”
“As soon as we find Lucy, you can run naked through the hotel if you want,” Boone laughed.  “Hopefully, we will get lucky and find a clue soon.”
“So you want to stay?” Delilah asked.  “We have not found out much of anything yet.”
“We promised Lucy’s mother,” Boone reminded Delilah.  “Plus I just have a bad feeling about all this.  There is something big going on, and I want to get to the bottom of it.”
“Is this about Lucy or your sisters?” Delilah asked addressing the giant pink elephant in the room.
“It is about Lucy and her half sister,” Boone sneered.  Then he became reticent.  “And about Star,” he finally admitted.
“But you knew nothing about her,” Delilah reminded Boone and taking his hand into hers.  “You did not even know she existed until a few months ago.”
“Still, I feel responsible for her death and the way she had to live.”
“Hooxei, it was not your fault.  Your aunt decided to kill Star’s wolf gene.  Star decided to run away and find her father.  She decided to stay with the pack and become Roth’s lover.  She determined her own destiny.”
“And her fate?” Boone asked.  “No one watched over her.  No one saved her.”
“I cannot tell you why Daddy did not intervene.  I am really sorry.  I do not know why Daddy felt you were important or that you needed protection.”
“Why am I more important than Star?” Boone seethed trying to control his anger and contempt.
“Maybe it is because she was no longer a wolf and you still are,” Delilah suggested.  “Maybe Daddy has a plan for you.”
“I wish I knew what it was,” Boone sighed, feeling defeated again.  “It seems as if he is holding my future; make that our future, captive.  What is he waiting for?”
“Daddy does not rush into anything,” Delilah reminded Boone.  “He has lived forever.  A month or a year is nothing to him.”
“Well, I am no god.  I am just a half human wanting to marry the woman he loves and start a family.  But Daddy holds all the power.  Now who is subjugated?”
“I am sorry, Hooxei.  Really I am.  I guess I have gotten used to Daddy and his antics over the years.  I have learned patience when it comes to him.”
“I used to be patient.  But I love you Delilah, and I do not want to wait forever.  I waited a long time to find the perfect person for me.  And now that I have found you, I do not want to wait.  I would be happy with a quick wedding and moving on to our life together.”
“I know, Hooxei.  Me too.  But Daddy holds my future in his hands.  I guess I am hoping if I am patient and follow his rules, we can go on living our lives the way we are now.  I guess I am hoping I will not have to give up who or what I have been for a hundred and fifty years.”
“I keep forgetting how old you really are.  You have had to deal with Daddy a lot longer than me,” Boone proclaimed and then took a deep cleansing breath.  “I will be patient.”
“Thank you, Hooxei,” Delilah cooed nuzzling Boone’s neck.
Delilah and Boone finished breakfast and then showered and dressed.  “Let’s go for a swim,” Delilah suggested again.
“I thought we agreed not to do that,” Boone replied as his eyes darkened.
“Not in the pool,” Delilah laughed.  “Let’s find a river or stream up in the mountains.  Since today is Sunday, we should be able to find a private place to swim and then lie in the sun.”
Boone smiled.  A day by the river alone with Delilah was just what he needed.  He too was tiring of the black pants and white shirt he had worn every day since their arrival.  He was much more comfortable in a pair of jeans and his boots.  “Find a place on the map and let’s go,” Boone replied enthusiastically.  “I will pack a lunch.”
Delilah quickly found a place which promised to provide them seclusion.  Boone had made some sandwiches and was looking for a shopping bag to pack the sandwiches and water into.  He was interrupted by a knock on the door.  Boone and Delilah looked at each other apprehensively.  They were not expecting visitors.  Boone sauntered to the door of the suite and peered out the peephole.  He saw a young man in a hotel uniform holding a package.
“Did you order anything?” Boone quickly asked Delilah.  “No,” she replied shaking her head from side to side.
Boone opened the door.  The delivery boy held out a smaller package and then looked down at a larger box at his feet.  “Sign please,” the young man requested.  Boone signed for the packages and carried them into the room.
“There are no shipping labels on either of them,” Boone announced suspiciously.  “Your name is on the box and mine is on the envelope.”
“Open yours first,” Delilah instructed.  Boone opened the large padded envelope.  Inside were a handwritten note and a mini disc.  Boone read the note aloud.  “Watch this tonight.  It is signed ‘O’.”
“It is from Daddy?” Delilah queried.
“It appears so,” Boone replied.  “I wonder what he sent you."
“Let’s see,” Delilah chuckled and tore open the box.  The first item they saw was a white fur blanket much like the one Odin had sent her upon their return from New Orleans.  “He must be afraid we will get cold,” Delilah giggled as she removed the blanket from the box.  Under the blanket was a picnic basket with a note.  “Use this every day at the park,” Delilah read.
“Sounds like we are supposed to stay,” Boone stated wide-eyed.  “Is there anything inside the basket?”
Delilah pulled the basket out of the box and opened it.  The first thing she noticed was several bottles of her father’s wine.  She sighed happily.  “We are going to have to ration these.”  Pulling each bottle out, she placed them on the kitchen counter.  Then she saw two more items and jumped into Boone’s arms.
“We are getting married on the mountain!” Delilah screamed excited.
“What?”
“It is milk and honey.  He sent us milk and honey.”
“I do not get it.”
“It is part of the purifying ritual before the wedding.  He is telling us we are getting married on the mountain in Asgard.”
“And where pray tell is that?”
“Most humans believe it is in Sweden,” Delilah laughed.  “But really it is nowhere.  It is everywhere.  But it is so beautiful.  There is a large temple in Asgard for the twelve gods and twelve goddesses.  We will be married in the center court.”
“So we are having a big wedding?”
“The biggest,” Delilah giggled with delight.  “It is the wedding I have dreamed of all my life.”
Boone was not sure about everything he was hearing.  He was happy Odin had finally decided on where the wedding would take place, but he felt so out of his element.  “Gods and goddesses?” Boone choked out.
“Don’t let them scare you, Hooxei,” Delilah replied still excited.  “It is going to be wonderful.”
“Is there anything about a date?” Boone asked.
Delilah searched the basket and the box and found nothing.  “One thing at a time,” Delilah smiled while shrugging her shoulders.
“And nothing about who or what we will be?”
“Not yet but I think everything just might work out for us,” Delilah proclaimed.  “Why would Daddy throw us the biggest wedding ever in Asgard only to wipe away our powers and memories?”
“Good point,” Boone replied trying to remain optimistic.  “Still want to go for a swim?”
“You know I do!” Delilah replied and put a bottle of wine back into the picnic basket.  “We are going to have a fun afternoon.”
Delilah finished packing the picnic basket and nearly pulled Boone out of the suite.  In less than an hour, they were at the river Delilah had found on the map.  “We need to walk up the river for a bit to find something a bit more private,” Delilah advised.  “Once that nose of yours stops picking up a human scent, let me know.”
“We could be walking for a while,” Boone replied detecting a strong odor of humans.  “This seems to be a popular place.”
“According to the map, the terrain gets much more rugged a mile or so from here.  So only serious hikers might be up-river,” Delilah replied confidently.  “And it is Sunday.”
Boone took the picnic basket in one hand and Delilah by the other.  Delilah draped the fur blanket over her free arm.  Hand in hand they started walking towards the river and up the trail.  It was a sunny day but not too warm.  As they ascended the mountain, the temperature cooled slightly.  It made the walk quite enjoyable.  Just enjoying each other’s company they walked silently enjoying the fresh air and sunshine.  The vista was serene and lavishly green.  Tall trees sat in clumps while yellow, white and purple wildflowers speckled the landscape.  The air was clean and relaxing.
The river flowed down from the mountain top, and the water was cool and clean.  Boone and Delilah noticed small areas along the bank where people would fish.  Boone liked to fish and found it quite soothing.  He also liked fresh fish cooked on the grill with fresh vegetables.  He silently wondered if Delilah could or liked to fish.
“I have not been fishing for nearly 100 years,” Delilah reminisced aloud answering Boone as if reading his mind.
“You any good at it?”
“I can hold my own,” Delilah smirked.  “Steamed fish is good, but I love fish cooked over an open flame.”
Boone smiled and squeezed Delilah’s hand.  It was as if she was meant just for him or maybe him for her.  They had so much in common and were so at ease with each other.  “There is a river on the back side of our property,” Boone advised.  “Maybe we can go camping and fishing sometime.”
“Our property?” Delilah grinned.
“Yes, our property,” Boone replied with his own grin.  “Our house, our river, our property.”
“Even if Daddy has not decided who or what we will be?”
“I would stay with you always,” Boone choked out emotionally.  “I love you that much.”
“But would you have sex with me?”
Boone did not know how to answer the question.  “I know I am old-fashioned.  Or maybe I am just afraid.  But I made a commitment to myself I would never have sex with anyone but my wife.  I will wait until the wedding,” Boone stated in a staid tone.
“And if Daddy makes us wait a long time?”
“Right now a day seems like forever,” Boone chuckled nervously.  “But I can wait a few more months.”
“I want a July wedding,” Delilah replied.  “I turn a year older in August, and I still want to be twenty-five when I get married.”
“Twenty-five?” Boone laughed.  “How many times have you been twenty-five?”
“Just once,” Delilah smugly laughed.  Boone could only roll his eyes.
“No more human smell,” Boone announced quickly changing the subject.  “Let’s walk another half mile to be sure.”  Fifteen minutes later they found a nice area next to the river and laid out their blanket.  “Swim or eat?” Boone asked.
“Swim,” Delilah giggled gleefully.  “I love cold mountain water.  And it is warm enough today to catch a little sun.  I want to look good in a white gown when we get married.”
“So no black this time?” Boone asked thinking back to the sister reunion in Albuquerque.  While her sisters had worn white, Delilah had worn black.
“No, always white for weddings,” Delilah corrected Boone immediately.  “You will be in white too.”
“A white gown?” Boone exclaimed in terror.
“No, white pants and robe,” Delilah laughed at Boone’s expense.  “A long flowing robe.  You will be bathed in milk and honey, all body hair removed and dressed in white.”
“Wait!  What is this about body hair?”
Delilah laughed hysterically.  “Just from the neck down.  It is a part of the purification ceremony.”
“You too?” Boone shuddered while trying to wrap his head around what Delilah was telling him.
“Yep,” Delilah replied with a grin.  “All hair from the neck down.”
Delilah had hoped Boone’s thoughts would go to her being hair free but as typical of a man, his thoughts went to his own family jewels.  “You mean the boys will be naked?”
“As smooth as a newborn pup,” Delilah giggled and blushed.
“Oh – hell – no!” Boone called out covering his groin with his hands.  Delilah could not stifle her laughter.
“It grows back,” Delilah laughed.
“And who removes the hair?  Who is going to be shaving me?”  Boone was still in shock.
“I will leave that for a surprise,” Delilah exclaimed as she finished removing her clothing and ran towards the river in her small white bikini.  Boone watched Delilah step into the river and into the cold water.  “It is wonderful, Hooxei.  Come in with me!”
Boone stood on the bank for several minutes watching Delilah play in the clear, clean, cool water like a happy child.  The water was only a four feet deep at the deepest point.  The river was peppered with rocks and good size boulders which allowed the water to rush through like small rapids.  Delilah found a calm pool just below where Boone was standing which was shallow enough to sit in.  She laid back and placed her head on one of the rocks with her face to the sun to feel its warmth.  She looked so peaceful and happy.  Boone watched her and ingrained the memory firmly into his brain.
Smiling and unhurried, Boone removed his shoes and then his shirt.  Delilah opened her eyes and stared at Boone’s rock hard abs and chest.  She smiled.  She could look at him for hours and never blink.  She loved him.  She loved his body.  Boone realized Delilah was watching his every move.  While they had lived together for more than six months, he was still flushed by her stares.  Boone shook his head slightly from side to side still amazed by her fascination with his body.  He turned his back to her and allowed his jeans to drop to the ground.  He stepped out of his pants, picked them up and folded them.  Placing them on the fur blanket, Boone stepped towards the river.
Boone liked swimming in the cold mountain-fed streams as much as Delilah did.  He liked it more as a wolf.  As a wolf, his body temperature was almost ten degrees higher than his human body temperature.  And in the warmer months, the melted snow from the mountain tops was a great way to cool down after a run and a hunt, before turning human.
Boone waded into the river and into the center where the water moved the fastest.  He loved the feel of the torrential water against his body.  To him, it was much like a whirlpool tub.  He sighed as if every pain and care he had ever experienced were being washed away.  He lowered himself into the river so the water would hit his back.  He pushed himself back towards the water digging his feet firmly into the riverbed.  After a few minutes, he relaxed and moved towards the pool of water where Delilah was stretched out.
Boone sat across from Delilah so he could look at her.  The bikini she was wearing was much like the one she wore in the hot tub, but the top of this one was strapless.  “Afraid of tan lines?” Boone asked with a smirk.  Actually, he was wondering how the top stayed up without straps.  Delilah was well endowed.
Delilah opened one eye and looked towards Boone.  “I could always take it off.”  And then she grinned salaciously.
“Will you ever behave yourself?” Boone sneered.
“Nope!” Delilah replied now with both eyes open and staring at Boone’s arms and chest.  Her eyes lowered to the top of Boone’s swim truck and to the thin line of blonde hair leading south.  “It is a good thing the water is cold,” Delilah smirked before closing her eyes again.  Boone nodded in agreement.
After lying in the sandy-bottomed pool for a while, Delilah stood and headed for the blanket.  After drying off, she laid face down.  “Time for the back,” she mused.  Boone gasped as Delilah reached behind her and unhooked her bikini top.  “Why don’t you take another cold bath,” she chuckled.
“Aren’t you cold,” Boone asked feeling the cool air on his wet skin.
“Just a little but I will warm up soon.  Then we will eat,” Delilah replied.
Boone watched as Delilah shivered.  After ensuring he was as dry as he could get, he inhaled deeply and exhaled turning into a wolf.  Boone lay next to her, knowing the warmth of his wolf would keep Delilah warm while she tanned.
“Thank you, Hooxei,” Delilah smiled.

****

After dinner, Boone slipped the mini disc Odin had sent into his tablet.  He decided it would be safer than using the movie player in the suite.  Neither Boone nor Delilah could imagine what was on the disc.  With nothing but a black screen, both heard Odin’s booming voice.  “Since you can never meet your family, I have brought them to you.”
Boone looked at Delilah with a mixture of curiosity and fear.  “I can never meet them?” Boone asked.
“It must be a condition of the marriage.  A way to protect Daddy and me,” Delilah sighed sadly.  “I am sorry,  Hooxei.”
Boone took a deep breath and looked back to the screen.  There was photo after photo of his sisters and brothers; photos of their families and their wolves.  Boone recognized the emerald green eyes and was immediately cognizant of the connection.  Large but silent tears formed as he realized the photos were all he would ever have of them.  It was the family he would never be able to visit, touch or love face to face.
Boone stared at the last photo.  Two snow-white wolves, one with blue eyes and one with green eyes.  He knew instantly which one was Gracey.  “The Snow Wolves,” Boone sighed in a mixture of belief and disbelief.  “They are real.”
“Yes,” Delilah nodded.
“Have you ever met them?” Boone asked.  He had asked Delilah the same question back in Idaho, and she had answered no.  Boone wondered if she had omitted part of the truth.  He knew Delilah would not lie to him, but occasionally she did not reveal everything to him to protect him.
“Not really,” Delilah confessed.  “But I was at their wedding.  Daddy sent my sisters and me to watch over them in case Rafer wasn’t killed in the Alpha challenge.  He wanted us to ensure Gracey and Stone's survival."  Delilah paused.  "We watched from the hilltop.  Daddy kept us cloaked from view.  The wedding was beautiful.  Gracey and Stone love each other as much as Hrolf and Ulrika did.”
“Who are Hrolf and Ulrika?” Boone asked.
“The original Snow Wolves,” Delilah explained.  “Their souls live again and again.  When Stone and Gracey die, their souls will be born into the new Snow Wolves.”
“So really, they never die?”
“They do for a while,” Delilah replied.  “It was nearly 1500 years between the death of the original Snow Wolves and the birth of the modern day Snow Wolves.  It is how legends are born.”
“Someday you will tell me the whole story?” Boone asked knowing not to push Delilah for information.
“Yes.”

****

Monday morning Boone and Delilah dressed for another day in the park wearing their Mormon costumes.  They packed a picnic basket with food and drinks and grabbing the fur blanket Odin had sent them, they headed out for another day of eavesdropping.
As lunchtime neared, they moved the blanket to an area where most of the single female workers congregated to eat.  Boone laid back and closed his eyes, pretending to nap.  He concentrated on each conversation, one table at a time, hoping to learn anything which would lead him and Delilah to Lucy.  Suddenly his eyes flew open.
“Over there,” Boone indicated with his eyes.  “The girls in the blue dresses.”
Boone went silent so he could listen to the conversation.  Delilah waited.
“I hope I get invited to the party,” the girl with light brown hair whispered.
“What party?” the girl with the darker, almost dark brown hair asked.
“About every three to four months, Mr. Miner hosts a party for wealthy Mormons.  About a dozen of the female workers get invited.  It is a good way to get noticed and find a husband.”
“Debbie!” the girl with the darker hair nearly yelled.
“Shhh, Katia,” the girl with the light brown hair warned.
“I do not want to be paraded around like a common streetwalker,” Katia replied.  “I want to find love.”
“Not me,” Debbie smirked.  “I want a rich husband with a big house and lots of servants.”
“But it is your job to take care of the house and have babies,” Katia whispered, afraid of being overheard.  “It is our way.”
“Mr. Miner’s wives have servants,” Debbie revealed.  “That is what I want.”
“You cannot talk like this.  The elders will shun you,” Katia warned.
“I just want to be rich.  The heck with babies and love,” Debbie sneered.  “I want to marry for money.”
“You will still be expected to have babies, lots of babies.”
“Maybe, maybe not,” Debbie smirked as if she was hiding something.
“So when is the next party?” Katia asked.
“It is at the end of the week.  I have overheard some of the plans.  The girls will be selected later today.  Then they buy them expensive gowns to wear.   All low cut and tight.”
“Like common hookers,” Katia shuddered.  “I hope I am not invited.”
“Why do you think your father sent you here to work?” Debbie snickered.  “This place is nothing but a stock exchange for pretty young Mormon girls.  Don’t you know anything?”
“How do you know so much?” Katia snapped back.
“My cousin Lewis works in HR.  He told me Miner has the final approval on every female hired.  Miner looks over their files, their photos, who their fathers are, everything.”
“I am sure he does it with the men too,” Katia speculated aloud.
“Not the photos,” Debbie revealed.  "Haven't you noticed?  All the girls working here are pretty.  Not an ugly one in the bunch."
“So you want to go to the party?”
“Heck yes.  I am ready to stop this charade.  I hate working.  It is time for me to find a rich husband and live the life of luxury,” Debbie laughed.
“I hope I am not invited,” Katia confessed.  “I want to find my own husband.”
“Good luck with that,” Debbie chuckled.  “You are too pretty not to be invited.”
Boone listened as Katia’s heartbeat started to race.  He could not see her face, but he could imagine the tears which were about to well in her eyes.  Debbie’s proclamation had Katia genuinely fearful.
“You remember Marcie who used to work on the second floor?” Debbie asked.  Katia nodded.  “She went to the last party and met a very handsome man from some foreign country.  They were having a good time, and she was sure he was going to ‘pick’ her but then one of Mr. Miner’s assistants came over, whispered something in the man’s ear.  Marcie said the guy left with a big smile on his face, and it was the last she ever saw him.  Actually a few minutes later, Marcie was escorted out of the party.  By lunch time the next Monday, Marcie was gone.  They told us she had moved to Nebraska.  No one saw her again.”
“That’s strange.”
“Very strange,” Debbie agreed.  “And what is stranger is the party was the night before Mr. Miner’s daughter ran away.  There was so much excitement about it no one thought twice about Marcie leaving so abruptly.”
“Wow.”
“Wow is right,” Debbie parroted.  “The girls who will be invited will know as soon as lunch is over.  Let’s head back.  I do not want to be late for this.  This is my big chance to get out of this place.”
Debbie stood and grabbed Katia’s hand.  “Let’s hurry.  And quit moping already.  If you get invited, you just might meet your prince charming.  I hope I do.”
Katia did not look very happy, but she needed her job, and she needed to be back from lunch on time.  She reluctantly allowed Debbie to pull her back into the office building.
As soon as the two were gone, Boone relayed the entire conversation to Delilah.  “Are you sure she said it was the night before Lucy disappeared?”
“Yes,” Boone replied wide-eyed.
“Maybe we need to talk to this Marcie girl?”
“No, we need to stay here,” Boone countered.  “We need a way into this party.  But it will be tricky since Miner knows us.  We are going to have to figure out something.”
“I wonder who is catering the party,” Delilah wondered.  She was hoping to use the catering company as a way into the party.
“We will try to find out,” Boone replied.  “But I have a feeling the parties are usually pretty hush-hush.  Katia had never heard about the parties before.  Debbie probably knows about them because of her cousin.”
“We should hang out here this afternoon,” Delilah suggested.  “Maybe we can figure out which twelve women were invited.  It may give us access to the party.  We need to know everything about everyone.”
“Back to the deli for more food and water?” Boone chuckled.
“And a bathroom break.”


Chapter 11 - Katia

Delilah had barely stood when she saw Katia frantically running out of the office building in tears.  Delilah glanced at Boone and immediately took off running after Katia.  She knew Katia are upset.  She also knew she had to help Katia.  Delilah hoped helping Katia would lead her and Boone to Lucy.
Delilah lagged behind, not wanting to get too close to Katia until they were out of sight of Miner’s office building.  Miner knew Delilah and Delilah would not put Katia in potential danger.  When they were both several blocks from Miner’s Headquarters, Delilah called out, “Katia.”
Katia turned and looked at Delilah confused.  “Do I know you?”
“We met a long time ago,” Delilah lied.  “Maybe about ten years ago.”
“Of course,” Katia politely lied in return.
“Dee,” Delilah stated as an introduction.  “Are you okay?  Why have you been crying?”
“Just a bad day at work,” Katia replied.  “I will figure it out.”
“Do you want to talk?  I am a good listener,” Delilah offered as she looked around.  She could see Boone about a half a block away.  He was just close enough to hear the conversation but far enough away, not to be noticed by Katia.  “I was just headed for a bite to eat.  Would you like to join me?”
“I have already had lunch.”
“How about a cup of herbal tea?” Delilah suggested.  “My treat.”
“Thank you.  A cup of tea would be nice,” Katia agreed.  Delilah took Katia by the hand and led her to a cafe further down the block and further away from the office building.  Boone followed the ladies while keeping his distance.
Delilah ordered two cups of peppermint tea and led Katia back outside to a cafe table.  She found an empty table as far away from the mid-afternoon patrons as possible.  Both sat.  Delilah remained silent, waiting for Katia to open up.  She instinctively knew not to push Katia into talking.  For a moment, she wished Boone was there to push calming thoughts into Katia’s mind.  But it was too soon for Boone to join them.  Delilah noticed Boone walking past the cafe but said nothing.  She waited patiently for Katia to tell her story.
“I cannot believe my father sent me to college just to be a typist, and now someone’s wife,” Katia blurted out.  “All I have ever wanted to do was to be a painter, an artist,” Katia sighed.  “But my father says the prophets have another plan for me.  I am to be a wife and mother.  I know it is how I am supposed to serve God, by serving the church and my husband.  But I want more, so much more.  I want to travel and paint and to be free.  And now I am about to be paraded around like a whore to some rich and probably an old man with dozens of wives.  I want to be in love and not in a polygamist marriage.  I want monogamy.”
“Paraded?” Delilah asked with one word.
“There is a party Friday night.  Only a dozen girls from work are invited.  Only the pretty ones.  I saw the dress they want me to wear.  It is red, bright red like a harlot.  I could never wear something so...”  Katia could not finish the sentence.  She could not find the right word.
Delilah reached across the table and gently patted Katia’s hand.  “I can help you.  Will you help me?” Delilah asked.
“How can you help you?”
“Let’s go someplace a little more private.  I have a story to tell you.  But we have to hurry.  I need you to go back to work this afternoon.”
“Back there!  No. No, I cannot go back,” Katia cried.
“Once you know everything, I hope you will help us,” Delilah whispered.
“Us?”
“Yes, us,” Delilah replied and stood.  She proffered her hand, and Katia took it.  “Please trust me Katia.  I promise to keep you safe.”
Delilah walked down the street hand in hand with Katia.  She smiled seeing Boone.  “Katia, this is my fiancé Boone.  Boone, Katia.”
“It is a pleasure,” Boone smiled.  Katia blushed as she looked up at the tall, gorgeous man smiling down at her.
“There is an empty storefront around the corner,” Boone told the ladies.  “We should have some privacy there.”  Boone started walking, and the ladies followed.  Just minutes later the three were inside the empty store.
“Katia,” Delilah started.  “We need your help.  We are private investigators, and we are trying to find a girl who disappeared three months ago.  We think Allen Miner might be involved.”
“A girl who worked for Miner?  Is this about Marcie?” Katia asked suspiciously.
“Something like that,” Delilah replied.  “And we think the party this Friday will give us a clue where to find her.  I have promised her mother we would find her and bring her home, and we need your help.”
“In return, we will help you relocate, and you can follow your dreams,” Boone offered.
“What do I have to do?” Katia asked with apprehension.  But she was more afraid of the thought of attending the party.
“Help us get into the party,” Delilah replied.  “But it means you will have to attend the party.  It is our only way in.”
“You have not seen the dress they want me to wear.  It is scandalous.  My father would shun me, maybe even beat me,” Katia called out in horror.
“Go back to work and tell them you changed your mind and you will attend the party.  Tell them you want to practice wearing the dress and shoes and convince them to let you bring them home tonight."  
Delilah paused while Katia attempted to calm herself and then continued.  "I will meet you tonight, and I will take you to my hotel suite.  We will make a few alterations to the dress.  I promise you will like what I can do with a needle and thread."  Katie nodded.
"While you are at work, get us the IP address of Miner’s computer or at least the one for his assistant.  We need more information.  Can you do it?” Delilah asked.  “But whatever you do, do not repeat this conversation to anyone or use our names at work.  Miner knows us.”
Katia started to cry again.  Her body was tremulous.  Boone lifted Katia’s face so he could look her in the eyes.  “Katia, you are a strong, brave woman.  You will go back to work as if nothing happened.  You will get the dress, shoes, and the IP address.  We will pick you up outside this store tonight at 5:15.”
Katia blinked and inhaled deeply.  When she exhaled, she stopped shaking, and the tears dried instantly.  “I am strong,” Katia nodded filled with resolve.  “I will see you tonight.”
Katia walked out of the empty store and headed towards the office building.  “I hope it worked.  You pushed her, didn’t you?” Delilah asked Boone.
“I had to.  It was the only way.  She was about to run,” Boone revealed.  “And I saw a glimpse of the dress.  I am not sure what she is hiding under her plain dress, but the gown they picked out for her will leave nothing to the imagination.”
“More revealing than my gowns?” Delilah laughed.
“So much more,” Boone grimaced.
“It is a good thing I learned to sew as a young girl.”

****

Boone and Delilah were waiting at the appointed place at 5:00.  Both were nervous Boone’s push may have not worked as planned.  But promptly at 5:15, Katia turned the corner.  Delilah stepped out of the SUV and opened the door for Katia to enter.
“We are staying just a few minutes away,” Delilah explained.  “We will have dinner, and then we will see what we can do about your dress.  You are a remarkable woman, Katia.”
Katia smiled.  It was an honest smile.  For a moment, she did feel strong.  She knew she was doing the right thing.  She just hoped she could remain strong four more days.  Her knees were already shaking.
After dinner, Delilah led Katia into the second but empty bedroom of the suite she and Boone were sharing.  When Katia removed her plain blue dress, Delilah gasped.  Katia had a remarkable body, very curvy and toned.  “Do you ever wear your hair down?” Delilah asked.
“It is not acceptable,” Katia replied and blushed.  Plus she was not used to someone seeing her in only her undergarments, even though she was covered from her shoulders to her knees.
“May I?” Delilah asked.  Katia nodded.  Delilah unbraided Katia’s long dark brown hair.  Delilah smiled as she combed through it with her fingers.  “You have beautiful silky hair.  It is a shame you have to hide how beautiful it is.”
Katia caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror and smiled bashfully.  “I could never be as beautiful as you,” Katia sighed in despair.
“You want to be beautiful?”
“It is not acceptable.”
“Let’s try something,” Delilah suggested as she handed Katia a robe to help her feel more comfortable.  “I will be right back.”
Delilah returned with her makeup case.  “You are naturally beautiful.  It will not take much to make you exquisite.”
“I will go to hell for this,” Katia frowned.
“Won’t you be expected to wear makeup on Friday?”
“Yes, but...”
“This is your dress rehearsal then.  I want you to feel comfortable and confident,” Delilah explained.  “You cannot be nervous.”
Katia acquiesced and closed her eyes.  Delilah could feel her fear, but she started applying mascara, blush, and eyeshadow.  “I have kept it simple,” Delilah announced when she was finished.  “Open your eyes.”
Katia slowly opened her eyes and looked into the mirror.  She did not recognize the woman glaring back at her.  “You are quite beautiful,” Delilah smiled.  “Now for the dress.”
Delilah opened the garment bag and frowned when she saw the dress.  The frown was not because it was unattractive.  The dress was quite beautiful.  The frown was because it was far too revealing.  Delilah took a deep breath and calmed herself.  “You will look beautiful in this gown.  It will be perfect for your figure.”
After Katia remove her t-shirt and bra she donned the gown, and then she slipped on the shoes.  Looking at her reflection, she was torn.  She did look beautiful, but she still felt shame.  Her shoulders slumped as her eyes fell towards the ground.  This was not who she was.  This was not how she was raised.
“Head up, Katia,” Delilah told her assertively.  “Never, ever be ashamed of how beautiful you are.  Let it be your talisman, your good luck charm.  Now let’s show Boone how gorgeous you are.”
Delilah reached her hand towards Katia so she could lead her to the sitting area of the suite.  Katia shook her head no, refusing to take Delilah’s hand.  Instead, Katia stood up straight and took her first step to the door on her own.  Delilah smiled with pride.
Boone had been in the common area of the suite trying to hack into Miner’s server.  He was looking for more information about the party and about Miner himself.  Hearing the click of Katia’s heels, Boone looked up.  He could not help but smile.  “Wow!  The dress was made for you.”
“Boone!” Delilah sneered in disapproval.
“Sorry, but it is true.  Katia is definitely one beautiful young lady.  I can see why Miner picked her for the party.”
Katia blushed and then smiled innocently at Boone.  “Is it too revealing?” Katia asked looking down at the plunging neckline of the dress and the outline of her bulging breasts.  Then she turned around and revealed the low-cut back.
Boone swallowed hard and looked at Delilah.  Katia had asked him a question which never had the correct answer.  He thought carefully before replying.  “The costume is perfect for the party.  But for your natural beauty and innocence, I do believe it is too revealing.”
“Me too,” Katia squirmed while fighting to maintain her resolve.  “But any alterations to the dress will be detrimental to your plans.  Who is this girl you are trying to find?”
“Miner’s daughter Lucy,” Delilah confessed.
“He has hired you to find his daughter?  I am confused,” Katia exclaimed.
“No, but we are trying to find her,” Boone tried to explain.  “We think he is involved in her disappearance.  Her mother wants her back, and we are doing this for Lucy and her mother.  Lucy’s only sixteen.”
“Now I understand all the secrecy,” Katia sighed.  “I heard about Lucy running away, but most of the ladies I work with think she was married off.”
“Do you think it is a possibility?” Boone asked.
“I have never met Mr. Miner’s wives, but I know my mother would never allow me to be given away into a polygamist marriage at sixteen.  Sixteen is too young to be married and to be having babies.  But I know there are sects of Mormons, who condone the practice.”
“Do you think your father knew Miner condones this practice?  Maybe it is why he sent you to Provo to work?” Delilah asked suspiciously.
“My family is not rich, but we do okay.  I have six brothers and sisters, all younger than me.  Money gets tight now and again.  I send as much money as I can to my mother to help out with clothes and food for the little ones.  My father does not know about it, though.  He would suffer shame and ridicule if anyone found out,” Katia explained.
Both Boone and Delilah stared at one another.  Delilah was silently wondering if Katia’s father sent her to Provo to work for Miner in hopes of being paid for Katia being auctioned off to the highest bidder.  Boone nodded a silent yes.  Even Boone knew Katia was now thinking the same thing.
“It is just not right,” Katia cried in abhorrence.  “I do not want to be paraded around and sold to the highest bidder,” Katia quickly deduced.  “I am not a piece of property.”
Delilah took Katia into her arms.  “We do not know this is what is happening.  So let’s not speculate the worse.  It could all be quite innocent.”
“This is innocent?” Katia screamed looking down at the gown and her breasts.  “This is NOT innocent.”
Boone and Delilah exhaled slowly and frowned in unison.  “You are right, Katia, it is not,” Boone replied forlornly.  “But you are our only hope of finding the truth and finding Lucy.”
“I will be damned if I am going to be sold as a slave and whore,” Katia screamed out surprising herself by the words she was using.  “I will spend eternity in hell before I let Miner do that to me.”
“So you will help us?” Delilah asked trying to keep from smiling.  She knew Katia was about to become their best weapon to defeat Miner and finding Lucy.
“Yes!” Katia replied with determination.  “What is the plan?  What do you need me to do?”
“Let’s get you out of the gown and then we will talk,” Delilah answered.  She knew Katia needed to feel comfortable again before discussing any further plans.
After Katia was back in her own clothes, make-up removed and hair braided, Delilah and Katia joined Boone back in the sitting area of the suite.  “I have searched the invoices for the party preparations and nothing states where the party is being held,” Boone confessed.  “Did they tell you where the party was going to be?”
Katia frowned.  “Debbie said it is held somewhere private.  It is totally secret.”
“Well, that will make it a bit harder to infiltrate,” Boone sighed feeling hopeless.  “We need to find out where it is going to be.”
“I will ask around tomorrow and see what I can find out,” Katia offered.
“Just be sure, not to ask too many people,” Delilah reminded Katia.  “You do not want to show your hand.”
“Debbie knows a lot, but I am not sure if I can trust her,” Katia sighed.  “She was invited to the party so maybe I will suggest we eat lunch in the park together again tomorrow.  I am sure she will spill everything without me having to actually ask a single question.  I will just tell her how excited I am and how much of an honor it is to be chosen and then let her talk.”
“That is a great idea,” Boone smiled.  “Ask very few questions and let Debbie do all the talking.”
“Let’s get you home,” Delilah suggested to Katia.

****

Just before lunchtime the next day, Boone and Delilah arrived at the park across from Miner’s Headquarters with a picnic basket full of food and water.  They set up near a table which was slightly further away from other tables.  Boone and Delilah hoped Katia would lead Debbie to this table for their lunchtime talk.  Katia and Debbie would have the guise of privacy while Boone listened in on their conversation.
After laying out the fur blanket and setting up lunch, Boone pulled out his tablet, pretending to work.  Delilah nibbled on a sandwich while staring at Boone.  She loved how the sun reflected on his blonde hair and made the red undertones glimmer like gold.  She loved the stubble on his face when he went a day or two without shaving.  It made him look rugged, and she was so attracted to him and his wolf.  With a twinkle in his emerald green eyes, Delilah found it hard not to lunge herself at him and have her way with him in front of the whole wide world.  Delilah closed her eyes and shuddered, shaking away the lustful and erotic thoughts from her mind.  Boone is right, Delilah thought, Daddy needs to hurry this wedding along.
Just moments past noon, Katia, and Debbie bounced out of the main entrance and crossed the street to the park.  Katia looked around quickly and saw Boone and Delilah having lunch.  For a moment, Katia was not sure if she was supposed to sit near them or away from them.  Delilah quickly glanced towards the table farthest away from the office building and nodded.  Katia grabbed Debbie by the hand and pulled to the table.  “Let’s sit over here and talk,” Katia started.  “I talked to my daddy last night, and he is so proud I was chosen.  I am so excited.”
Katia’s statement was all that was needed to get Debbie to start talking.  “Yes, we need to talk.  I have so much to tell you.  This is going to be the most exciting night of our lives.”
“Have you seen your dress?” Katia asked to keep the conversation going.
“Yes,” Debbie giggled.  “It is so elegant.  I am sure to find a rich husband.  I have been practicing walking in high heels for a few months now.  I want to walk into the room like I own the place.  I need to find a man who will know in an instant I will look good on his arm.”
“So you are still hoping to find a rich man?”
“You know it!” Debbie gushed.  “I know exactly how I am going to wear my hair.  I am going to the mall tonight to get the perfect makeup.  I am going to look like a supermodel.”
“I am going to keep it simple,” Katia revealed.  “The gown is going to show a bit more than I am used to.  I am sure there will not be a man in the room who will even notice the color of my eyes.”
“That’s the point, Katia,” Debbie laughed.  “Use your female charms to hook yourself a man who will lavish you in beautiful dresses and jewels for the rest of your life.”
“Until my boobs sag from having too many children and breastfeeding,” Katia mused.  “Then he will want another sister-wife.”
“There are ways to keep from getting pregnant,” Debbie whispered.  “I am not planning on having kids anytime soon.”
Katia knew she would have to regain control of the conversation if she was going to find out anything about the party.  “Have you heard anything about where the party will be,” Katia whispered.  None of the girls had been told yet.
“My cousin Lewis says it is not at the office,” Debbie replied in a hushed tone.  “It is held at one of Mr. Miner’s summer homes.  I think it is in the mountains.”
“Well, that narrows it down,” Katia laughed and looked around.  Sitting or standing in Provo and turning in any direction resulted in seeing mountain ranges.  The summer home could be anywhere in a two hundred mile radius.
“I do not know where it is, but it belongs to Miner,” Debbie revealed.
Boone heard Debbie’s proclamation and smiled.  “Got it,” Boone whispered to Delilah and turned his tablet back on.  Ensuring he was not connected to Wi-Fi for security, he started searching for all properties Miner owned.  “Miner has a summer home; actually two.  One east of Provo on Squaw Mountain and one on the south shore of Utah Lake.  The one on Squaw Mountain is more isolated thus providing more privacy for Miner and the other men in attendance.  The one on the lake is easier to get to, but the houses are too close together for a large party to go unnoticed.”
“So we still need more information,” Delilah sighed in despair.  “Can you push Katia from here?  Let her know we need more information.”
“I have never tried from more than a foot away,” Boone revealed.  “But I will try.”  Boone looked towards Katia, hoping she would look towards him and make eye contact with him.  After several minutes, she had yet to look away from Debbie.  Still Boone tried.
Boone could not infiltrate Katia’s mind.  Katia was too busy trying to drown out the sound of Debbie’s voice going on and on and on about the house she hoped to have and the servants who would be waiting on her hand and foot.  Katia just wanted to yell for Debbie to shut up.  Katia glanced at her watch and noticed their lunch break was nearly over.  “I just hope I do not freeze in my gown Friday night,” Katia mused.  “It definitely shows a lot of skin.”
“Yes, remember a shawl,” Debbie replied without thinking.  “The mountains are still a bit chilly this time of year.”
“Thanks for the tip,” Katia smiled.  “I cannot believe lunchtime is over already.”
“Let’s go.”
Katia and Debbie stood and headed back to work.  Delilah smiled at Katia and nodded to let her know she had done well.
“I would still like to do a recon in both places,” Boone announced.  “I do not trust Miner for even one minute.  He could be setting up both locations, as a ploy.”
“I agree,” Delilah frowned.  “Let’s head south while it is still light out.  We can head east first thing tomorrow morning and explore Squaw Mountain.  I have a feeling a long hike will be involved.”
“There seems to be only one road to the house on Squaw Mountain, and if it is gated, we will have to find another way in.”
“Let’s head to the lake house,” Delilah repeated as she stood.  “I would like to stop and change into my jeans and boots first, though.”
“I thought you would,” Boone laughed.  “I would like to do the same.”
Boone and Delilah made quick work of getting back to their hotel suite and changing clothes.  “I am so burning these clothes when this assignment is done,” Delilah exclaimed. 
“I will start the bonfire myself,” Boone agreed.  “I used to like white shirts.”
“I like your white shirts,” Delilah giggled.  “But not these short sleeve Mormon shirts.  There is nothing sexy about them.  I would not even want to dust the shelves with them.”
“Just a few more days until the party,” Boone sneered.  “I hope we can blow this case wide open and be home soon.”
“From your lips...” Delilah started but did not finish the sentence.  While she secretly hoped Odin would wrap this case up with a shiny red bow, she did not want to mention Daddy to Boone.  Boone was clearly impatient when it came to Odin.
“It is a nice day for a walk along the lake,” Boone suggested.  “Too bad we do not have a dog.”
“Do you think Warrior would help us out?” Delilah suggested.
“I would never ask him to leave Miner’s children,” Boone quickly replied.  “He feels responsible for their safety.”
“I understand.”
“How about we pretend to be two tourists just checking out the lake?  Or even better, two newlyweds looking for a summer house?” Boone suggested.
“Newlyweds looking for a summer house,” Delilah replied.  “That way we can at least hold hands.”
“I like the way you think, Dee.”
Boone pushed the coordinates to the lake house into the GPS of the SUV Odin had given him for Christmas.  Less than thirty minutes later, they were nearing the first of Miner’s vacation homes.  They drove past the entrance and parked down the road.  Cutting through a wooded area, they walked to the shores of Utah Lake and started walking back in the direction of the lake house.
Both Boone and Delilah were cheerful being in their normal clothing and being able to walk hand in hand.  “This is nice,” Delilah stated with a relaxing sigh.  “I almost feel normal.”
Boone started laughing hysterically.  “When have we ever done normal, Dee?”
Delilah nearly doubled over laughing.  “Like never!  But this is as normal as it might get today.”
“True, very true.  We are almost there.  Two more houses down.”
“Max!” Delilah called out.  “Here Max!” Delilah called again making kissing sounds as if looking for a lost or runaway dog.  Boone smiled in appreciation of Delilah’s ruse and joined her in calling for their imaginary lost dog.  Together they walked closer to Miner’s lake house watching for any indication of party preparations.
Seeing no vehicles or people outside of the house, they crept closer occasionally calling to their make-believe lost dog.  They took turns watching for neighbors or passer-bys while the other peered through windows.  “No one has been in the house for a while,” Delilah finally said aloud.  “I do not think the party will be held here.  Let’s get dinner and a good night’s sleep.  I have a feeling we will have a long hike through the mountains tomorrow.”
“Let’s pick up some packs and rations for tomorrow,” Boone recommended.  “And lots of water.”

****

As suspected, the road to the summer house on Squaw Mountain narrowed just before Boone and Delilah saw the gate which prevented them from going any further.  “It is still about three miles away,” Boone reminded Delilah.  “You ready for an adventure?”
“I am dressed for a hike.  Let’s do it,” Delilah smiled as Boone backed up and looked for a place to hide the SUV.  Finding an unmarked side road, he backed the SUV as far back as he could and parked hoping the vehicle could not be seen from the road.  Then he grabbed a hiking pack out of the back seat.  Slinging the pack onto his shoulders, Boone took Delilah by the hand and led her east towards the second of Miner’s summer homes.
“We should be there in about an hour as long as the terrain does not get too treacherous,” Boone reminded Delilah.  “It will be nice to get some real exercise after sitting on our asses in the park for over a week.”
“You know we will not be home in time for the full moon,” Delilah announced out of the blue.  Boone had not mentioned it before, but she was concerned about his well-being as a wolf.
“I do not need to hunt on the full moon even though it is the best time,” Boone rebutted.  “I will hunt tomorrow night.  I will stay strong.”
“I am really sorry, Hooxei,” Delilah said sadly.  “I hate that we have been here so long.”
“I miss being home too, Dee, but this is more important.  Not just for Lucy and her mother and sister but for Katia and the other girls as well.  No one should be treated like a piece of property to be bought and sold and used for breeding.”
“I remember how the world was after the war,” Delilah sighed recalling her early childhood after the Civil War.  “I remember living in Louisiana and the prejudice I saw towards the freed slaves.  It was appalling.  Being bought and sold and used for free labor was all they had known, and then they were free and had no idea where to go or what to do.  And the way they were treated was beyond my comprehension.  The slave markets were still standing even though they were not used any longer.  I think the former slave owners kept them there to intimidate the freed blacks.”
“I cannot even imagine it,” Boone replied with a mixture of confusion and anger.
“I do not think anyone who did not experience it can imagine it.  I saw it with my own eyes, but I cannot begin to understand the fear they felt day in and day out,” Delilah said sadly remembering the faces of the freed slaves.
“And we keep pretending everything has changed and now here we are looking for proof Miner is selling girls to be wives,” Boone exclaimed trying to contain his disgust.  “Thank you, Dee, for being my partner and for supporting me.”
“Always,” Delilah smiled and kissed Boone on the cheek.
Boone stopped and looked around.  “It really is beautiful here; mountains everywhere.  It reminds me a bit of Red Mountain.”
“But I like Red Mountain so much more,” Delilah replied.  “It may be a bit more isolated, but this place is too much like being in a humongous cult.  I cannot even buy a bottle of wine.”
Boone snickered.  “And even the kids attending college here have to sign a ‘morality clause’; no drugs, alcohol or sex.”
“No sex,” Delilah giggled.  “You would fit right in here,” she joked.
“I do not have sex by choice,” Boone rebutted glaring at Delilah impatiently.  “Life is about choice.  Everything is about choices.”
“So you have never, ever even pleasured yourself?” Delilah asked curiously but with apprehension.  She knew Boone did not like to talk about sex or their lack of sexual activity.
Boone stopped dead in his tracks and stared at Delilah.  He could not believe Delilah had asked him such a personal question.  Then he looked down at the ground.  "I was about eighteen.  I had not been with the pack long.  I met a girl and I liked her.  But I could feel myself losing control.  I ran away from her as fast as I could and I never saw her again."
“You were afraid,” Delilah stated as a question.
“Yes,” Boone replied.  “I was afraid of hurting her.  I know it is in a wolf's nature to be sexually feral.  I saw the carnage inflicted on human women when I was living with the pack.  I did not want to be like the male wolves, like a monster.  It has not been easy, but I vowed celibacy until I found the right woman.”
“Have you found the right woman?” Delilah asked fearfully.  She was afraid of the answer.  She knew Boone loved her and wanted to marry her but was she the right woman?  He had never even tried to have sex with her; to make love to her.
“You know I have, Dee,” Boone replied stopping and lovingly staring into her eyes.  He held her face with both hands and kissed her deeply.  He could feel his body stirring with desire.  He could feel Delilah’s heartbeat quicken as she gasped.  “I do want you so much,” he whispered; their lips barely parted.
And then he backed up and steadied his own breath.  “But we are going to wait until we are married.  Then we are going to venerate our love for each other again and again and again.  And I promise to never hurt you.”
Delilah smiled.  "I know you won't."
Boone took Delilah's hand into his and started walking again.
“I have been thinking about names for our children,” Delilah confessed as they started back on their hike to Minor's summer home.  “I like names like Skye, River, and Hunter,” she revealed.  “What do you think?”
Boone did not reply right away.  “Hóno' ni, Niicíí ni, Híínoo'éíhii na,” he muttered after a brief silence.
“What?” Delilah asked confused.
“They are the Arapaho words for sky, river, and hunter,” Boone explained.
“You want to give your children Arapaho names?” Delilah asked.
“The names sound so much better in English,” Boone laughed.  Delilah sighed in relief.  “Hooxei Bo’ooneih was always a hard name for non-Arapahos to pronounce.  It is why I changed my name.  English names will be better.”
“But I like Hooxei,” Delilah cooed coyly.
“Only when you say it,” Boone blushed.
Boone suddenly looked towards the sky with his head cocked.  “Do you hear something?” Delilah asked in a hushed whisper.  She knew how Boone would cock his head when listening to something far away.
Boone nodded.  He had intentionally stayed to the low side of the road knowing most people looked up towards the mountains.  He knew they had a better chance of not being detected.  “We will have company soon,” he whispered.  “There are several vehicles headed up the road.  Stay low and quiet for a few minutes.  They should pass us soon.”
Boone and Delilah lowered themselves to the ground and remained still and silent.  A few minutes, later three large unmarked delivery vans passed them.  “They must be setting up for the party,” Delilah whispered after the vans were out of sight.
“At least we know the party will be up here and not at the lake,” Boone agreed.  “But I had hoped to scout the house and the area today.  Workers are going to put a kink in my plans.  I needed to get a layout of the house.  Find the best way in and the best way out.”
“Maybe they are just dropping off a few things and then leaving,” Delilah replied optimistically.
“Maybe, maybe not, but since we are already half way there, I say we continue and play it by ear,” Boone suggested.  “We are just a couple of tourists taking a morning hike.”
“At least we are dressed for the ruse,” Delilah laughed as they continued towards the summer house on Squaw Mountain.
Thirty minutes later, Boone and Delilah had made their way to the edge of a small lake.  They could see Miner’s house on the far side along with the three delivery vans which had passed them on the road earlier.  
Miner’s summer house was quite large.  It was made of wood logs with a long porch along the front.  The landscaping was simple yet elegant with ornamental trees and colorful bushes.  Along the front of the porch, floribunda rose bushes in variations of light to dark pink were planted and were accented by baby’s breath.  It was a quiet and peaceful ambiance surrounding the house.  The house was large enough to accommodate at least one of Miner’s families for a family getaway.  Remembering the opulence of Miner’s houses, both wondered if the summer home could host a fancy party.  However, both were sure Miner picked this location more for privacy than for functionality.
“Let’s stay in the wood line and come up from the back of the house,” Boone decided after surveying the area.  “We do not want to look like we followed the road in.”
“Good idea,” Delilah nodded as the two quietly made their way into the wooded area which surrounded the summer house.  “I am glad I did not wear my red blouse today,” Delilah laughed.  “Camouflage is going to be needed if we are going to stay hidden.”
“But I do like the red,” Boone cooed with a nervous crack in his voice.  He liked Delilah’s red nail polish and naturally red lush lips.  He liked her signature red lacey bra and panties.  He liked her bold choice of undergarments and how her perfect, flawless skin and body looked in them.
Delilah smiled inwardly and only grinned.  Her pale icy blue eyes twinkled knowing she could affect Boone.  She knew he was sexually attracted to her.  She knew he liked how she teased and flaunted her assets; her ample yet perky breasts, her thin waist and firm abs, her small hips and tight ass, her long and toned legs.
Halfway to the house, Boone stopped and pointed.  He could see the outline of a large building about 100 yards or more behind the mansion.  “A barn?” Delilah queried.  “Why would Miner need a barn?”
“Maybe he stores a boat or camping equipment in it?” Boone speculated thin-lipped.  Yet he did not have any confidence in his statement.  “Let’s check it out first; anything to kill time while the workers are still in the house.”
Boone and Delilah picked up their pace and moved quickly towards the barn.  Coming up on the back side of the barn, they were puzzled by how well the outside was kept up.  The red and white paint looked no more than a year old.  None of the paint on the building was cracked or chipped.  Looking inside, the building was fairly dark but the natural sunlight coming in through the windows revealed the inside to be empty.  Boone led Delilah to the side of the barn hidden from sight of the house.  He slowly turned the knob on the door and found it unlocked.  He opened the door and peered in while Delilah stayed hidden against the side of the barn.  Not detecting any humans inside, Boone stepped inside and pulled Delilah in behind him.
“I do not hear or smell anyone,” Boone whispered.  “But let’s not take any chances.”
“Something’s not right, Hooxei,” Delilah whispered matching Boone’s tone.  “I have never been in a barn with a concrete floor.  Barns should have dirt and hay or straw.  Something is wrong.”
“And it is too clean,” Boone stated looking around.  “It is completely empty.  There is nothing.”
“I smell fresh straw,” Delilah replied inhaling deeply.  “But no animals.  It is really weird.”
“Let’s look around,” Boone suggested taking Delilah’s hand into his.  Boone looked around the main area of the barn from where they stood.  “The place is wired for electricity,” he stated pointing out the lights above them and along the wall.  “But the lighting is all wrong for a barn.  This is residential grade lighting.”
“Do you see any alarms or cameras,” Delilah asked.  Her eyes had not yet acclimated to the dim lighting.
“No alarms, cameras or motion detectors,” Boone replied after a few moments.  “Let’s see if we can find the source of the straw.”
Boone and Delilah split up, and each started looking into the would-be animal stalls for the straw.  About half way down, Boone quietly called for Delilah.  “I found it.”
Delilah joined Boone, and two looked into the empty stall.  “I have never been on a working farm,” Boone said suspiciously, “but this does not look right.”
“You are right, Hooxei,” Delilah nodded.  “Even if the stall were going to be used for an animal, the straw would not be to evenly spread or so thin.  This is all wrong.”
“Do you think they are hiding something?”
“Like what?”
“I do not know, but I am sure as hell going to find out,” Boone declared.  “Help me move this straw.  I want to see what is underneath.”
Boone moved to the center of the stall and started moving straw with his feet.  Delilah joined him with a pitchfork.  In less than thirty seconds, they found what was being hidden beneath the straw, a door in the floor.
“I wonder where this goes?” Boone asked rhetorically but not lifting the wooden door.
“There is only one way to find out,” Delilah smirked as she reached for the large round metal ring.
“No, I will do it,” Boone blurted out stepping in front of Delilah.  He slowly opened the door and peered inside.  He gasped as he saw a set of stairs leading down into a dimly lit tunnel.  “Emergency exit?” Boone pondered aloud.
“Do you think it goes to the house?” Delilah contemplated her voice a mixture of curiosity and apprehension.
“There is only one way to find out,” Boone mused raising his brow and cocking his head to the side.
“I will go with you.”
“The hell you will,” Boone snapped.  “We could be walking straight into a trap.”
“So you would walk into a trap alone?”
“I will not put you in danger,” Boone snapped again.
“I do not need you to protect me, Huxley Boone,” Delilah snapped back in a hushed scream.  “I do fine taking care of myself.”
Boone was surprised by Delilah’s tone.  And he knew he was in shit, deep shit, all the way up to his knees.  Delilah only called him by his full name when she was pissed, really pissed.
And Boone did not want to argue with her.  Of course, they had the occasional disagreement, but they had never had a full-blown, all-out fight.  But Boone was torn.  He did not want Delilah to go into the tunnel with him.  And he did not want her to be angry with him.  He knew he had to come up with another plan.
“I think we need to split up, Dee,” Boone replied after thinking for a few minutes and letting Delilah calm down.  “The last thing we need is for both of us to end up being tied up in a couple of chairs facing each other.  We did that in Idaho, and it was one too many times for me.”
Boone watched as he saw the memory of that day filled Delilah’s face and eyes with fear.  “If I am not back in, let’s say thirty minutes, you go get help.”
“If you are not back in thirty minutes, I am coming after you,” Delilah rebutted.  “It is too far back to town.”
“Dee, I do not like it.”
“It is my choice,” Delilah asserted.  “I will think of something.  Hell, I will jump into the lake naked and distract the workers if I have to.”
“You wouldn’t!?!”
“I would do whatever it takes; anything.”
Boone pulled Delilah into his arms and held her close to him.  He kissed her hair while she nuzzled his neck.  “I love you so much, Dee.  I just do not want anything to happen to you.”
“Back at you, Hooxei,” Delilah whispered and then started laying soft kisses on Boone’s neck.  Delilah could hear Boone gasp, a quick inhale of air as her lips reached his ear lobe and moved to his jaw.  Delilah could feel Boone’s heartbeat quicken as her lips reached his.  As her tongue met his, Boone pulled back.  He kissed Delilah chastely and then stepped back with his hands on her shoulders to keep her at least an arm’s length away.
“The things you make me feel, Dee,” Boone whispered husky with his eyes closed, afraid to look into her eyes.  Boone took a deep breath and shuddered to clear his mind of his dishonorable thoughts.  When he opened his eyes, he smiled.  “In time, Dee,” Boone cooed using Delilah’s words against her.  He kissed her again, quickly and chastely and headed down the stairs to the tunnel.  “See you in thirty minutes.”
Delilah’s wolfish grin stayed but a moment on her lips.  She knew how much Boone wanted her and to make love to her.  She had felt his desire against her side.  But her fear of what may be waiting for the love of her life in the tunnel quickly overcame her.  What scared her, even more, was what might be at the end of the tunnel.  Of course, she suspected it led to the house.  But she did not know what Boone would do when he reached the end of the tunnel.  Would he come back or would he enter the house?
Boone was moving at a quick pace through the tunnel.  Dim lights attached to the ceiling led the way to his destination.  With his wolf sight, he could see everything as if he was in broad daylight.  The walls of the tunnel were lined with gray stone, the floor with tightly spaced paving bricks.  The ceiling was lined with six by six-inch railroad ties, strong enough to withstand a cave-in.  From the floor to ceiling the tunnel was slightly taller than Boone.  He appreciated being able to walk upright.  He reached the end of the tunnel faster than he had anticipated.
Boone stared at the staircase which led to another door.  He stopped to think about his next move.  He wanted to go into the house, to examine the layout.  But with workers inside he hesitated.  Just a quick peek, Boone decided and silently walked up the stairs.  
At the top of the steps, Boone placed his ear to the door to listen for any sounds on the other side.  Hearing nothing, he slowly turned the doorknob.  Boone was shocked to find the door unlocked.  He opened the door a few inches and peered into the darkness.  Finding it odd, he opened the door further.  Suddenly a small overhead light illuminated.  Boone froze, holding his breath and looked around.  Exhaling he realized he was inside either a storage room or a large walk-in closet, but it was empty.
Boone knew he had only minutes to look around before returning to the barn.  He knew, without a doubt, Delilah would parade her naked body in view of the workers to ensure his safety.  While he did not say anything to Delilah the thought of anyone seeing her naked was unconscionable.  Delilah had a beautiful body.  It was not Boone’s insecurities fueling him, but the principle behind it.  And hell, he had never even seen her totally naked.
Boone inched the next door open and peered into a very large bedroom.  He quietly entered the bedroom and walked towards the window.  He needed to know what side of the house he was on.  Looking out, Boone smiled.  The bedroom overlooked the rear of the house and towards the barn.
Minutes later, Boone reached the barn side of the tunnel.  He whispered softly to alert Delilah of his return.  As Boone stepped back into the stall, Delilah flung herself at him.  “Happy to see me?” Boone quipped.
Delilah responded only by smothering Boone’s face with kiss after kiss.
When Boone stopped laughing, he told Delilah about the closet and bedroom.  “At least we have another way into the house.”
“We really have not talked about what we are going to do Friday night,” Delilah reminded Boone.  “How do we go about learning who has Lucy?”
“We need a way to listen in,” Boone decided.  “We need to bug the place.”
“I guess we have some shopping to do,” Delilah laughed.  “And then we can come back tonight after everyone has left and set it all up.”
“Let’s return the stall to the way we found it and let’s get back to town.  I hope this town has a good electronics store.”
Boone and Delilah spent the rest of the afternoon going from electronics store to electronics store getting the things they needed.  They knew they needed to pick up items from several places and make their own devices as to remain inconspicuous.  “Where did you learn to do this Dee?” Boone asked.  “Spy school?”
Delilah raised both brows and smiled.  With only a wink, she went back to work on her mini-microphones.  “That is a story for the grandchildren,” Delilah smirked.

****

Later that night, Boone and Delilah returned to Miner’s summer house on Squaw Mountain.  Finding the doors locked, Delilah pulled a pin out of her hair and quickly picked the lock.  “You are hiding things from me again Dee.”
“When we get back to Red Mountain,” Delilah mused.
Entering the house, both Boone and Delilah were amazed by the party decorations.  Several lace-covered tables were set up with silver serving trays and crystal wine and champagne glasses.  Hundreds of candles were placed around the room to be lit the night of the party to set a romantic ambiance.  Empty vases were on various surfaces to be filled on Friday.  Baskets of potpourri filled the air with lavender, vanilla, and jasmine.
“Let’s find the entrance to the tunnel and then set up the microphones,” Boone suggested.
“I can do this, Hooxei,” Delilah replied.  “While we are in the mountains, why don’t you go hunt.”
“And leave you alone?” Boone gasped fearfully.
“It is the middle of the night, and I am sure no one will be coming or going this time of night,” Delilah refuted.  “I need you strong and healthy.”
“But I am strong and healthy.”
“You promised to hunt before the party,” Delilah reminded Boone.  She was truly worried about him not hunting.  She knew how important it was for him to hunt.  She had never once seen him miss a hunt.  She had never missed watching him leave for a hunt in ten years.  The thought of him missing a hunt scared her.
Boone could sense Delilah's concern.  She was beyond a doubt nervous about him not hunting.  “And I will, once we finish, and you are safely away from here.  I am not going to leave you here alone.”
“Let’s get going then,” Delilah chuckled and placed the first microphone.  Once all had been placed, she pulled her tablet out of her backpack and slid an ear bud into her ear.  “Go into the closet and let’s test them,” Delilah requested.
One by one each microphone was tested and their job was done.  “Take the SUV and drive to the bottom of the mountain,” Boone told Delilah after kissing her on the cheek.  “I will meet you there shortly.  I am going to hunt.  I promise I will not take long.”
“Stay safe my strawberry wolf,” Delilah cooed softly as they reached the porch.
Boone put the packs into the SUV and kissed Delilah again.  “See you soon,” he whispered into her ear and taking in her scent.
Boone walked away.  Delilah sighed, watching him leave.  She had watched him change over a hundred times back on Red Mountain.  Of course, Boone did not know.  After walking nearly a hundred feet, Boone turned to face Delilah and smiled.  Blowing her a kiss, he bowed.  He inhaled as he stood and exhaling he turned into a wolf.  Delilah smiled and clapped as if she had just seen the best magic trick ever.  As Boone loped into the woods, Delilah started the SUV and began her drive down the mountain.
Delilah hated driving on curvy roads in the dark.  Naturally there were no lights showing the way.  Delilah drove slowly with her high beams on.  Focusing on the road, she did not have time to think about Boone hunting in a foreign locale.  But when Delilah reached the bottom of the mountain, her fears reared its ugly head again.  It only took a few minutes in the dark isolation of the mountains for Delilah to become fidgety.  She kept looking around anxiously for Boone.  Cognizant she was jumping at every little sound she tried listening to some music.  Then she realized she would not be able to hear Boone if he were in trouble.  Waiting for Boone to return from his hunt had never been like this back home.  And sitting in the SUV was about to drive her plain loco.  Reaching into the glove box, she removed Boone’s pistol.  She exited the SUV and climbed on top of it.  On the top of the SUV, with the weapon on her lap, she waited for Boone’s arrival.
Delilah was accustomed to living in the mountains away from the city.  She was used to the quiet.  But tonight it seems more quiet than normal.  She listed for birds, owls, anything to break the silence.  She listened for crickets, cicadas, or even a bullfrog.  The only sound she heard outside of the occasional vehicle on the main road was the sound of her heart and breath.  Far off in the distance, Delilah heard the howl of a lone wolf.  She listened closely playing the sound over and over in her mind.  It was not a howl of pain or agony.  She could only assume it was Boone’s way of telling her he was finished hunting and was coming down the mountain and to her.
Boone knew he could get down the mountain faster as a wolf.  At nearly forty miles an hour, he raced to the bottom of the road.  Delilah squealed in delight when she saw Boone’s emerald green eyes glowing in the dark coming towards her.  She jumped off the top of the SUV and ran straight towards the five-foot tall beige wolf.  Before Boone could stop and turn human, Delilah was hugging him and kissing the top of his head.
Boone shook to let Delilah know to release him.  He gently pushed her back with his cold, wet nose.  Before Delilah could blink, Boone, the human, was standing before her fully dressed.  Delilah lunged herself at him again.  “Why are you crying?” Boone asked wiping Delilah’s tears off her cheeks with both thumbs.
“I...I...I,” Delilah stammered.
“I love you too, Delilah,” Boone whispered as he pulled her tight against him.  “Let’s grab a bottle of wine and a shower.”
“You want to take a shower together?” Delilah exclaimed, shocked and surprised.
“Yes,” Boone confessed.  “And we will...after we are married.”
Delilah pushed Boone away and pounded him on the chest with the side of her fist.  “You are the most frustrating man in the world.”  Delilah turned away and walked to the passenger side of the SUV.  “I hate you!”
Boone could not help but laugh.  “Back at ya, Dee!”

****

“Just one more day until the party of the century,” Delilah stated sarcastically as Boone poured his morning cup of caffeine in the form of Turkish coffee.
“I really hope your baby bugs pick up the conversation we need to hear tonight,” Boone remarked casually.
“All we need is Miner to brag about Lucy or even ask someone in attendance about her,” Delilah added.
“Then we identify the sick bastard and go get Lucy,” Boone continued.  “I am so ready to return her to her mother.”
“And maybe shut down Miner’s operation,” Delilah suggested wide-eyed.  “This man needs to pay for everything he has done.”
Boone was now suspicious.  “What are you thinking Dee?  What are you up to?”
“I am going to record all the conversations and turn them over to the FBI.  Human trafficking is illegal,” Delilah responded.  “I think Miner needs to spend a little time locked up just like he has imprisoned his next oldest daughter.  That man is evil on so many levels, and I would love to see him suffer for a long, long time.”
“Where is all this angst coming from?” Boone asked.
“When I saw the way the room was decorated last night I...it was designed to be romantic, like a fairy tale.  There is nothing romantic about being sold to the highest bidder.  The thought of those poor girls expecting to find love in a room full of candles and roses, while being paraded around in come-fuck-me stilettos, just turns my stomach.”  Delilah took a deep breath.  “No!  It makes me fucking mad.  Every girl dreams of her wedding day; marrying her prince charming and living happily ever after.  While these girls were raised a bit different than you and me, they still deserve to find love, true love.”
Boone stared at Delilah in admiration.  He knew Delilah was a passionate woman, but her anger was awe inspiring.  “Just like we found our true loves,” Boone smiled.  “We have all day before we meet with Katia.  I say we just curl up in each other’s arms and relax.”
Delilah immediately melted.  “Oh Hooxei, can we?  For a couple of hours?”  Delilah missed just cuddling with Boone doing absolutely nothing but feeling each other’s love.  It was their way of being intimate.
“My morning belongs to you, my love.”  Delilah ran to Boone and jumped into his waiting arms, wrapping her legs around his waist.
“Couch or bed?” Boone asked.  Delilah looked at the couch, worn and lumpy.
“We have our fur blanket.  We can lie in front of the fireplace.”
“That would be perfect,” Boone smiled as he moved towards the fireplace and set Delilah onto her feet.  Delilah spread the fur blanket in front of the fireplace and lay down.  Within seconds, the two were wrapped up in each other’s arms.
Delilah stared into the flames, her back to Boone’s front.  “I have cared about you for a long time Hooxei.  You just do not know how I have felt.”
“Are saying you felt sorry for me?”
“Pity?  No.  Sympathy?  No.  Empathy.  Yes.  I knew what you were going through.  I have known about you for ten years.  We have run in the same circles.  It always saddened me to see you when you headed home knowing I was just minutes away, sitting up on my hill, looking down at you.  You do not know how many times I just wanted to knock on your door and let you know I was here for you.  But I couldn’t.  You do not know how many times I stood on Raven Hill and watched you during the full moon going out to hunt.  Worrying about you every time you went out alone, afraid something bad would happen to you.  You do not know how many times I prayed to Daddy to watch over you and bring you home safe.  But it was never pity.  I knew you were lonely.  I knew you were sad.  So was I.  I could always empathize with how you felt, with what you were going through.  I was isolated up on the hill all by myself with my own secrets I could not share with anyone.  But now we have each other Hooxei.  And we do not have to be alone anymore.”
“How long do you think it will take Daddy to set a date?” Boone asked.
“Daddy works on his own timetable, Hooxei,” Delilah reminded him.
“But he is a god.  He could just wave his arm and everything would be done in a matter of seconds and effortlessly.”
Delilah laughed.  “Yeah, I guess he could but in some ways Daddy is still a little old fashioned.  Everything will be done by hand, painfully.  All the silk for our clothing will be handwoven.  All the lace will be crocheted by hand.  Everything will have to be perfect.  Daddy will accept nothing less than pure perfection.  He will even weave the knotting cord himself.”
“Your daddy actually weaves,” Boone chuckled.
“Yes, he will actually weave the gold rope himself.  It will be the rope he uses when we tie the knot.  All of this takes time.”
“What about the wine?  Does he really make the wine himself?” Boone asked.  He was curious.
“The minions will take care of it.  You would be surprised.  The vamps can make some mighty good wine.  And I am sure the elves and the fairies and the ogres will help as well,” Delilah replied as if what she was saying was nothing out of the ordinary.
“Doesn’t he worry they will poison him?  Or poison the wine,” Boone asked a bit surprised.
Delilah smiled.  “No, they would never do that.  While he has technically ‘enslaved’ the people he has whisked away, he treats them very well.  Everyone learns to love him, just like you have learned to love him.”
“So now you are comparing me to vampires and ogres?” Boone asked facetiously.
Delilah laughed and pulled Boone’s arms around her.  “No, Hooxei.  You have never been one of the bad guys.  But I still think you have learned to love him too.  Daddy’s been a part of your life for quite a while now even if you have not realized it.”
Boone’s eyes started to darken.  He wasn’t sure how to feel or what to think.  “What do mean he has been a part of my life?”
“He has watched you and helped you out, making sure you are okay.”
“But I haven’t always been okay.”
“True.  But it is because you have always had free will.  Daddy led you to points in your life where you had to make a decision.  But you had to make those decisions on your own.  And he helped lead you to where you needed to go.  Do you remember when you left home?  When you left your grandparents?”
“Yes, I decided it was time to find others like me.  I wanted to find other wolves, find out who I was and what I was.”
“And did you know where you were going when you left?” Delilah asked.
Boone thought for a moment.  “No, not really.  I headed south towards the mountains.  I figured it would be a good place even if I did not find anyone.  It would be a good place to maybe live, hunt.  I could make it on my own if I needed to.”
“Daddy had decided it was time to meet your father.  Of course, you did not know who he was.  Rafer may have known about you.  But Daddy just wanted to see if Rafer would accept you and let you into his heart.  Daddy was hoping that maybe having an heir would change the way Rafer was.  But you showed up and even though he saw the green eyes and he knew you were his son he never acknowledged you.  He never opened his heart.  He never changed.  All he cared about was having daughters and finding his daughters.  The females were power to him.  They made him rich in a way.  He knew he could use the females for leverage as bride-mates with other packs.  He could use them as a bargaining chip.  He did not need sons.  He did not need somebody who would challenge him for Alpha.”
Delilah could feel Boone’s arms tensing around her.  “So Rafer knew I was his son?”
Delilah was afraid of Boone's reaction.  She was almost afraid to answer.  But she did.  “Yes, Hooxei.  He knew.  So did his Beta.  His Beta saw your green eyes and thought of you as a threat.  You were the heir apparent to Rafer’s pack.”
“So that why he challenged me?  A death challenge over a lousy little shack; a place I wanted to fix up and call my own.”
“Yes, it is why he challenged you.”
“And it is why I left.  And I ended up in Red Mountain.  I remember running through the mountains not knowing where I was going, what I was going to do.  But I knew I had to get away from that pack.  I could not be like that; like them.  I could not lose the compassion I was raised with.  I could not lose my humanity.”
“And what happened after you arrived in Red Mountain?” Delilah asked rhetorically.  She already knew the answer.
“I was staying in a flea-bitten motel, no money, and hunting as a wolf to eat.  I had nothing.”
“But you had the trust fund your grandparents had set up for you when you were born?”
“Yes I had it, but I did not want to use it.”
“But you did!”
Boone had to chuckle.  “When I overheard an older couple talking about how they were going to sell their house and their land for pennies on the dollar and move to Florida, it was a deal I could not pass up.  Red Mountain was too beautiful.  I felt comfortable there.  I knew I was destined to make it my home.”
“And who do you think put the idea into their heads Hooxei?” Delilah smirked.
“Are you saying Daddy did?”
“Yes, Daddy did.   But you still had to choose whether or not to buy the property and use your trust fund.  He just put the opportunity in front of you.  It was still your decision to make.”
“So all these times he just put the opportunity there and I still could have said no?”
“Yes!  It was always your decision; your choice.”
“But after I bought the land, I had nothing.  I was totally broke.  Yes, I had a place to live.  I had the property and a home of my own.  But I did not have a job.  I did not have any money.  I remember I was down to my last fifty dollars, and I wasn’t sure what I was going to do,” Boone recalled.
“So what did you do?”
“I did the same thing everyone else does with only a few bucks left in their pocket.  I bought a lottery ticket.”
“And did you win?” Delilah asked rhetorically.  She was having a difficult time stifling a laugh.
“I did not win much, but I won.  I won enough to get me through another month and enough money for me to get an old clunker and my license to become a bounty hunter.  And the rest is history.”
Delilah smiled.
“Are you telling me Daddy made sure I won the money?”
“Well yes.  He did not give you a lot, but he made sure you did not starve.  And remember he did not make you buy the ticket.  He just made sure you had the winning numbers.”
“So he has been helping me out all along?”
“Off and on, yes.  He has watched over you.”
“But why?”
“I am not sure, Hooxei.  I do not know why he took an interest in you.  Maybe he has plans for you.”
Boone laughed and kissed Delilah on the back of her neck.  “Do you think he planned this?”
“Planned what?”
“Us!  Do you think he put us together?”
Delilah raised her brows in wonderment.  “I do not know.  It took us ten years for us to have our first conversation.  Why would he wait so long?”
“I do not know, Dee.  But you said, that Daddy does things on his own time frame.  He waited over a hundred and fifty years for you to have a real love interest.  What is ten years to Odin when he is as old as the world?”
Delilah was silent.  She did not know what to say.  “It did take us a long time to get here,” Boone added.
“Daddy did always have a soft spot in his heart for the Snow Wolves.”
“Did Daddy turn two humans into wolves?”
“No, Hooxei.  It is the other way around.  Daddy had two white wolves who went everywhere with him as his companions.  Of course, the wolves fell in love and wanted to have a family.  But the female was barren.  Daddy turned them into humans and gave them a family.” 
“So what is the Legend of the Snow Wolves?” Boone asked hoping to learn the rest of the story.
“Sorry, it is not my legend to tell.  Maybe someday you will know the rest,” Delilah replied.
After a few moments of silence, Delilah spoke.  “It really is a bittersweet story.  Hrolf and Ulrika went everywhere with my father.  They were his loyal companions.”
“They were his servants?”
“No, they were his companions, his friends.  Daddy hated the thought of losing them.  He loved having them at his side.  So he made them an offer which would cause them a great sacrifice.  To have a family, they would have to become human.  Daddy hoped Hrolf and Ulrika would change their minds and remain wolves but their desire to have a family overruled everything.  It was sad for all of them.  From that day forward Hrolf and Ulrika were on their own, as humans.”
“What happened to them?” Boone asked.
“In time, Hooxei,” Delilah snickered.
Boone inhaled deep and slow.  He hated it when Delilah told him ‘In time Hooxei.’  But Boone would wait.


Chapter 12 – Prince Charming

At 5 p.m., Boone stopped at the predetermined rendezvous point two blocks from Miner’s Headquarters.  Fifteen minutes later, Katia rounded the corner and smiled.  She nearly ran towards the SUV and jumped in.  Boone drove to a nearby park on the lake so the three could talk.
“I am ready,” Katia asserted.  “We do not have to work tomorrow.  They want us to do our nails, hair and get ready for the party.”
“Are they driving the girls there?” Delilah asked.
“We are to meet at the temple on BYU.  They will take us from there on a bus.”
“Boone and I will already be on Squaw Mountain hiding at Miner’s house,” Delilah revealed.  “But first, I have a present for you.”
“A present?” Katia asked quite surprised.
“Well, actually two,” Delilah smiled.  “The first is this necklace.”  Delilah removed a simple silver locket from a small cloth bag.  “It has a small camera inside.  We need to see what is going on inside the house.”
“It is a camera?”
“Yes,” Boone replied in a calm voice.  “Just mingle as much as you can so we get photos of everyone attending.  Can you do that?”
Katia took a deep breath to steady her nerves.  “Yes,” she whispered.
“Your second present is this ear bud,” Delilah revealed, removing a very small and completely discrete two-way microphone and receiver from her the bag.  “We will be able to hear you, but most importantly, you will be able to hear us.  We will be with you at all times.  If you get into a situation where you do not know what to do, we will be there to help you.”
Katia exhaled.  “That makes me feel a bit safer,” she stated trying to smile.
“We will be close by,” Boone cooed patting Katia hand.  “We will not let any harm come to you.”
“I cannot believe I am doing this,” Katia sighed.  “A week ago I was just another girl working in Miner’s secretarial pool, and now I feel like James Bond.”
“You will do fine,” Delilah grinned.  “I have complete faith in you.  We are going to shut down this operation and find out who has Lucy.”
“And then I get to find my true love,” Katia smiled in return.  “My life is going to be so different.”
“Have you ever been in love?” Delilah asked.  She was curious.
“Love?  No.  But I did have one perfect day the summer after I graduated high school before I went on my mission trip.  It was the best day of my life.”
“You spent it with a man?” Delilah giggled.
Katia could not reply, but her smile said everything.  Boone nodded as he read Katia’s mind and saw her memory.  “I am sure you will find someone who loves you, Katia.  You are a beautiful, strong, intelligent woman, much like my Delilah.  Any man would be the luckiest man on earth to find you and be loved by you.”
Katia blushed again.  “Thank you, Boone,” she whispered with a shy smile.
“Get a good night’s sleep and do not worry about anything.  Pamper yourself tomorrow.  You so deserve it,” Delilah told Katia.  “This will be over soon.”
Leaving the park, Boone drove Katia home and then he and Delilah returned to their hotel suite.  After cooking dinner, Delilah checked all the surveillance equipment.  Satisfied everything was working perfectly, Delilah and Boone crawled into the bed they shared.  Curled up in each other’s arms, they feel asleep.

****

Boone and Delilah left the hotel after lunch on Friday.  They packed food and water along with their equipment.  They knew they had to find a place to set up before all the hustle and bustle of the last minute preparations started.  Dressed comfortably in jeans, boots and light jackets, they drove to the place they had previously hidden the SUV.  Following the path they had used the first time, they stayed in the wood line and made their way to the back side of the barn.
“I am not sure if they use the tunnel to get the girls into the house or out after they have been sold,” Boone sneered.  “Setting up in the barn may not be the best place for us.”
“We can set up behind the barn in the woods,” Delilah suggested.  “But let’s check out the barn one more time.  Maybe there is a place we can set up which will provide us some comfort and seclusion.”
Boone dropped his pack to the ground.  “I do not sense anyone inside,” he revealed.  “Let’s make it quick.”
Boone and Delilah entered the barn from the far side as they had done before.  They checked each of the stalls and found them just as they had left them.  “There is an office over there,” Delilah pointed.  “Let’s check it out.”
Boone was hesitant.  He was sure the office would be manned later in the evening.  He was sure there would be guards on the barn side of the tunnel.  “I do not think the barn is going to be vacant tonight.”
“I still want to check it out.  We need to know what we are up against,” Delilah insisted grabbing Boone’s hand and pulling him towards the office.  Delilah tried the door and found it locked.  She pulled a small device from her pocket and inserted it into the lock.  Pushing a button on the cylindrical shaped device, small rods extended themselves into the lock and shaped itself into a key.  She had picked it up while they were shopping the day before.  Delilah turned the knob and opened the door with a smug grin.  “We are in.”
Boone followed Delilah into the room.  At first, it looked quite ordinary; a desk, a chair, and floor to ceiling cabinets.  Delilah looked around.  “This is too small,” she stated filled with suspicion.  “The room should be bigger.”
Boone walked towards the cabinet on the far wall.  Pulling the door towards him, he found it locked.  Silently he held out his hand, palm up as if asking for Delilah’s lock pick.  Delilah obliged by placing it into his hand.  Seconds later the lock was open, and Boone pulled the cabinet door towards him.
Delilah and Boone gasped in unison.  Inside were several weapons, ammunition, and a large cattle prod.  Delilah opened one of the drawers at the bottom of the cabinet and nearly screamed.  “These are tranquilizers, horse tranquilizers,” she gasped.  “And needles.  They must use them to knock out the girls before the bastards whisk them away.”
“This is so fucked up Dee,” Boone exclaimed trying to keep his voice down.  “I guess not every girl is willing to go along with their love connection.”
“I wonder how many have actually been kidnapped, drugged and stolen away.”
“I do not even want to think about it,” Boone started hoarsely as his level of panic and disgust reached an all-time high.  “We have to do something.”
“Let’s empty these vials and replace it with water,” Delilah suggested pulling the box of vials out of the drawer and placing it on the desk.  “Do you know enough about these weapons to disable the firing pins?”
“Not really,” Boone admitted.
“Then you take care of the horse tranquilizer, and I will take care of the firing pins.”
“You know how to do that?”
“I have done a little reading on the subject,” Delilah grinned.
Boone glared at Delilah suspiciously.  He knew she had lots of secrets.  She had already shown she could make her own listening devices and outfit a locket with a camera.  “Just reading?”
Delilah did not answer.  “I will take care of the firing pins and then remove the power source from the cattle prod.  This will level the playing field a bit.”
Both Delilah and Boone went to work on their tasks.  Delilah finished first.  Turning to Boone, she took a couple of the needles and slid them into her jacket pocket.  “What are you up to Dee?”
“Save me enough of the tranquilizer for a few needles.  We might need them to subdue the guards.  Put it into an empty water bottle and remove the label so we know which one it is.”
“You are starting to scare me, Dee,” Boone told her.  “Who the hell are you?  What the hell are you?”
“No one special, Hooxei,” Delilah cooed as she reached over and kissed him on the cheek.
“Someday I want to hear it all; everything.”
“In time, Hooxei,” Delilah told Boone for the hundredth time.  Boone inhaled deeply while shaking his head from side to side.  He tried to smile, but the smile never reached his eyes.  He knew Delilah had a lot of secrets she had not shared with him. He knew she would tell him everything in her own time.  And if everything went as they hoped they would have more than enough years together for Delilah to share every story, every secret.
Once they finished derailing everything in the first cabinet, they opened the other cabinets.  “Only candles, flashlights and seemingly innocuous items,” Delilah announced grabbing a waterproof green tarp.  “Let’s lock up and get out of here.”
Boone led Delilah back to where he had left his pack.  “Let’s move to a location where we can see the barn and the house,” Boone suggested.  “I will be able to see just fine once it gets dark but I brought some night vision goggles for you.”
“It seems like between the two of us, we think of everything,” Delilah laughed cheerfully.  “Let’s set up and eat.  It is going to be a long night.”
“I hope not,” Boone scoffed as Delilah laid out the tarp she had snagged from the barn.  “What is for dinner?”
“Just sandwiches and fruit,” Delilah replied pulling four sandwiches out of her bag.  “I have a couple more for later.  I know how much you can eat.”
“I am glad I hunted two nights ago.  I needed some extra calories.  All this picnic food is not helping me to stay healthy.”
“Once we get home, I am going to cook for days.  Giant steaks, pasta, potatoes, you name it,” Delilah advised.
“Where did you learn to cook?” Boone asked Delilah lovingly.  “You really are a good cook.”
“I have been around for a long time Boone.  I have cooked my way through hundreds of cookbooks.  I can cook just about anything.”
“Have you done much traveling?”
“I have been around,” Delilah snickered.  “What are you up to?  Why so many questions?”
“I am just trying to learn more about you.  Every day you do something which surprises me.  Today I learned that you know how to disable a weapon.”
“Well, you will never be bored with me around,” Delilah laughed, not addressing Boone's suspicions.
“Even if you did not know all these things, I could never be bored with you,” Boone cooed.  “You are the most remarkable woman I have ever met.”  Boone was surprised to see Delilah blush.  “I do not think I have ever seen you blush before.”
“I do not think I have ever blushed,” Delilah confessed.  “But the way you love me just amazes me.  I have never had anyone love me the way you do.  It is so deep, so pure.”
Now Boone was embarrassed.  “I cannot find anything about you not to love.”
Delilah blushed again and finished her sandwich.  She pulled a couple of apples out of her bag and handed one to Boone.  Hearing vehicles pulling up to the house, Boone retrieved a camouflaged net from his pack and quickly attached it to two trees.  “This will help,” he mused.  “We can keep watch from here.  The girls should arrive in about two hours.”
Boone repositioned himself against a tree which provided him a good line of sight to the barn and house.  He pulled Delilah between his legs with her back against his chest.  Delilah leaned into him and relaxed instantly.  She inhaled deeply taking in Boone’s scent.  Exhaling, she whispered, “Wolf and strawberries, my favorite scent in the whole world.”
Delilah and Boone watched the delivery vans come and go.  The food was delivered in large chafing dishes or on large silver platters.  Three men arrived in each of the two vans, only two of the men left in one van.  “They must be the servers,” Delilah whispered.
An hour before the party, a black SUV arrived.  The tint on the windows was dark preventing Boone and Delilah from seeing who was inside.  The SUV drove to the main entrance to the barn, to the door closest to the house.  Five men disembarked.  Each of the men was dressed in black suits along with black shirts and ties.  While Boone gently pushed Delilah away to get a better look at the men, Delilah reached for her binoculars.  “Are they armed?” Delilah asked.
“They definitely look like security for the party,” Boone confirmed.  “But I do not see or smell weapons.”
“I am glad I removed the firing pins from the ones in the barn,” Delilah giggled.
Boone and Delilah watched as two of the men entered the barn.  The other three walked towards the house.  All five walked confidently and with an air of being ex-military.  All were around six foot tall with short military style haircuts, no facial hair and wore dark mirror lens sunglasses.  “Men in Black,” Delilah snickered.
“What?” Boone asked.
“Just an old movie,” Delilah replied waving her hand dismissively.  Boone did not question her further and returned to watching the men walking towards the house.  As they reached the house, two of the men walked towards the front entrance while the third stayed on the back side of the house.
“I should have bugged the barn,” Delilah stated in despair.
“We only need to hear what is going on in the house,” Boone refuted.
“After we found out what was in the office in the barn, I am not so sure,” Delilah rebutted.  “If the guards were helping to sedate the girls, they may know more than you think.”
“Damn Dee, you are probably right.  But it is too late now.”
“I think I have an extra bug in my bag.  I wish I had a way to get it inside the barn to plant it.  I need the two men inside the barn to leave.  Then maybe if I can get close enough, even for a moment, I can throw it inside.  It is not the perfect solution, but it is worth a try.”
“We need a distraction,” Boone thought aloud.  “A giant wolf on the other side of the lake would work.  The lake is small, more like a large pond.”
“Do we want to show the wolf?” Delilah pondered.  “You are not exactly small.  We need the wolf for a surprise.”
“True.  Do you have any other suggestions?”
“There is still one of the delivery vans out front.  If I can trigger the alarm on it, we might have a window of opportunity,” Delilah suggested as she pulled out her tablet.
“It is worth a try,” Boone smiled.  “You take care of the van, and I will place the bug.  Where do you suggest?”
Delilah pulled the bug out of her bag and handed it to Boone.  “We need it somewhere between the far entrance and the office.  Maybe you can put it on a ledge halfway between the two.  Remove your ear bud, it is going to get loud,” Delilah advised pulling hers out.  “We will start eavesdropping once the alarm stops.”
“Remind me never to get on your bad side Dee.  You have too many tricks up your sleeve.”
“I have had plenty of years and a lot of time on my hands,” Delilah mused.  “Amazing what you can learn off the internet.”
“The Internet.  Right!” Boone snickered.  “Do you really expect me to believe you have learned everything from the internet?”  Of course, Boone did not expect Delilah to answer.
“Ready when you are, my love,” Boone advised as he moved into a crouching position ready to take off running once the coast was clear for him to enter the barn.  Delilah pushed a few more keys on her tablet, and the alarm for the delivery van started wailing.
The two men inside the barn and the man standing guard at the back of the house took off running towards the van.  “Now!” Delilah urged holding up one corner of the camouflage netting.  Boone ducked under the net and ran as fast as he could to the barn.  He quickly found a spot on a ledge between the entrance to the barn and office.  Ensuring he placed the bug right side up, he exited the barn and ran back to Delilah.
Boone’s adrenaline was pumping quickly through his veins.  Between running and the sound of the van’s alarm searing through his ears, he was experiencing a rush unlike ever before.  As soon as Boone was hidden again, Delilah clicked a few keys on her tablet.  “I had to set it off a couple of times,” she explained.  “Did you find a good place?”
“Almost exactly half way between both doors,” Boone smiled proudly.  “There was an empty knothole in the wood.  The microphone fit perfectly.  No one will see it.”
Delilah placed her ear bud back into her ear and clicked a few more keys on her tablet.  Boone slipped his back into his ear as well.  Instantly, both were listening to the conversation inside the house.  They could hear the security guys yelling at the servers.  “You need to move the van and make sure nothing like this happens again.  Mr. Miner does not need any disruptions tonight.  This is a special night for a lot of important people.”  Boone and Delilah could hear the servers grumble and return to their tasks.
“Both of you, back to the barn.  After the VIPs arrive, we will weapon-up.  The girls will arrive first.  We do not want to frighten them with the weapons.  It is supposed to be their fairytale dreams come true tonight,” the leader of the five chuckled.  “We get paid a pretty penny for this detail, and I will be damned if it gets screwed up.”
Delilah and Boone watched as the outside detail returned to their posts.  Inside the leader was bragging to his buddy.  “I love these parties,” he confessed.  “There’ll be lots of rich dudes ogling over sweet young girls with tight asses and perky tits.  The dresses show everything.  And after a little alcohol, some are even willing to show you more of their assets.”
“Sounds like quite the show,” the second man laughed.  “There is nothing like a little peep show and then going home and ramming it to the wife.”
“Some of the girls are young.  You would be surprised how perverted the truly rich are.  Last time there was a really young girl.  Some royal fucker got her.  She had been drugged up so much, she did not even know what happened.  But Miner got paid triple for that one.  She wasn’t dolled up like the other ones, she was bought sight unseen.  But even without makeup, I could tell she was going to make someone a lucky man.”
“You saw her?” the second man asked.
“I helped put her into the limousine myself.  And I got a mighty fine tip for it too.  Enough money for me to buy a house, in cash.  I got quite a few brownie points from the old ball and chain.”
“Damn,” the second man sneered.
“Damn straight is more like it,” the leader flouted free of contempt or disgust.  “I take care of my own.  The hell with what is right or wrong.  I am all about the almighty dollar.”
“Hope I get a good tip,” man number two chuckled.  “I could use a new car.”
“Just stay vigilant and be available to help out.  For now, let’s finish checking the house.  I will show you where the girls are kept until the VIPs arrive.”
The two walked through the house.  They inspected the bedroom where the hidden door to the tunnel was.  Then they went to a large room which housed several couches and chairs.  “The girls will be sequestered here.  As you can see, there are several ice buckets which will have bottles of champagne for them.  And over here, bottles of expensive colognes and lots of red lipstick; the smuttier, the better.”
“And if one of the girls does not want to go?”
“We will take care of it.  We will force them through the tunnel and Derrick will be ready with a syringe full of tranquilizer.”
Boone and Delilah looked at each other.  “He is mine,” Delilah seethed.
“Derrick?”
“No the bastard doing all the talking,” Delilah replied, nearly foaming at the mouth.  She was livid.  “I’ll show him red.  But it will be my red nails and the blood from his missing dick.”
“Again, Dee?” Boone sighed slowly.
“This bastard is just as guilty as the rest.  He has no regard for these girls and no remorse for the things he has done,” Delilah continued to seethe with her jaw clenched tight.
“I agree he is one heartless SOB.  But does he deserve to be castrated?”
“Yep,” Delilah replied stoically, with no hint of malice.
Delilah glanced down at her tablet.  “Katia’s online.”  Delilah pushed the on button for Katia’s two-way ear bud.  “Hi Katia,” Delilah stated calmly.  “We are here.”
Both Delilah and Boone could hear Katia sigh with relief.  “I am turning on the camera.  Make sure the lens is facing the right way.”  Delilah checked the monitor and smiled.  “Perfect.  Now slowly turn to the right and back to the left so I can capture everyone’s faces.  A little slower.  That is good.  Perfect.”
“You are doing great Katia,” Boone chimed in.  “I am so proud of you.”
“Thank you,” Katia whispered as she faced away from the rest of the girls.  “I am nervous.”
“You are going to do fine,” Boone assured her.  “I will not let anything happen to you, I promise.”
“I know,” Katia whispered and turned back to the other women.  Boone and Delilah watched the monitor as Katia’s coworker and friend Debbie ran over to her.
“I am so excited,” Debbie exclaimed nearly jumping up and down.  “Tonight is the night.  Tonight I find a rich husband, and I will never have to work again.”
At first, Katia did not know what to say.  She knew how the night was going to end.  “Tell her good luck,” Delilah whispered into Katia’s ear bringing Katia back to reality.  “Good luck, Debbie,” Katia echoed.
“Good luck to you too, Katia.  You know we may never see each other after tonight.”
“I forgot about that,” Katia replied, realizing how the parties were supposed to end.  “For all intents and purposes, tonight will be goodbye.”
“Thank you for being my friend Katia.  If there is any way for us to stay in touch, let’s do.”
“Yes, I would like to,” Katia choked out, almost weeping.
“No crying, Katia,” Debbie implored while hugging her friend.  “If you cry, I will too and it took me hours to get the makeup perfect.”
Katia could hear Delilah laughing in her ear.  Katia started laughing as well.  “Only hours?” Katia asked parroting Delilah again.
“A new life is about to begin for both of us,” Debbie giggled.  “I hope you find your prince charming.”
“You too, Debbie.  But more than anything I hope you find love.”
“Love, shlove.  Just give me rich and I will be a happy woman,” Debbie sniggled and hugged her friend again.
A black limousine pulled into the parking lot, and the driver of the bus motioned for the women to board the bus.  “I guess it is time to party,” Katia stated aloud is if talking to Debbie.  But actually, she was letting Boone and Delilah the girls were on their way.  “I wonder who is in the limo,” Katia asked Debbie.
“It is Mr. Miner and his wife,” Debbie replied.
“His wife?” Delilah exclaimed to Boone.  Delilah’s microphone was on mute so Katia could not hear Delilah and Boone’s conversation.
“I wonder which one?” Boone pondered.  “I doubt it is wife number one.”
“Margaret could not be part of this.  Could she?” Delilah replied confused and on the verge of anger.  She hated being deceived.  She wondered for a moment if her rope had failed her.  She wondered if she had not gotten the truth from Margaret Miner the day at the mansion in Lucy’s room.
“Let’s just wait and see.  There is no need to jump to conclusions.  At least not yet,” Boone suggested, trying to calm Delilah.
Boone and Delilah sat back waiting for the limo and the bus to arrive.  First, they saw the limo.  Both vehicles pulled to the front of the house and Allen Miner and his alleged wife exited first.
“Who is that, Jerry?” security man number two asked his boss.
“That Bob is Sophie Miner.  Wife number three.  Miner found her at a party much like this about a year ago in Greece.  It is what gave him the idea to start his own parties.”
“That is one fine looking woman,” Bob slobbered, seeing Sophie’s hourglass figure in a tight satin dress.
“Just wait until you see her from behind.  I would love to claim that ass,” Jerry chortled lewdly.  “I would have her begging me for more.”
“You are one perverted son of a bitch,” Bob remarked.
“Not perverted,” Jerry refuted.  “If it feels good then I like it.  And fucking that tight ass of hers would feel good.”
“Looks like it is showtime,” Bob proclaimed as Allen and Sophie Miner neared the porch.  Bob and Jerry watched the two pass as they stood motionless on either side of the door.
Once the Miners were inside the house, the door to the bus opened.  It was in the middle of dusk, and the lighting on the porch and walkway gave the semblance of a romantic atmosphere.  Bob and Jerry watched as each young woman stepped off the bus and walked towards the house.  A mixture of excitement filled the air.  A mixture of fear and hope filled the minds of each of the girls.  They knew they were there in hopes of finding a rich husband.  Little did they know they would be leaving whether or not they wanted to and regardless if they had made a love connection.
As each girl entered the house, they were warmly welcomed by Allen and Sophie.  The vases had been filled with roses of all colors.  The hundreds of candles lit in the dim room.  The scent of lavender and vanilla filled the air.  The room looked like a page out of a fairytale.  And it helped the girls to relax; at least most of the girls.
“Let me show you all where to freshen up,” Sophie offered in a soft motherly voice.  “The men will start arriving soon, but in the interim, we will relax in another room while they all arrive.”
Sophie turned and led the twelve ladies to the waiting room.  “Help yourself to a glass of champagne,” she suggested.  “It will help you to relax.  Don’t be nervous.  I found my husband at a party much like this.  You are going to have so much fun tonight.  I swear every one of you is beautiful beyond belief.  The men are going to be lucky to snag one of you.”
A few of the girls took a glass off the side table and poured themselves a glass of champagne.  “Katia,” Delilah whispered through the ear bud.  “Don’t drink the champagne.  Unless you see the bottle being opened, do not drink it.  It might be drugged.”
Katia nodded as if answering but did not speak.  Debbie came running over to Katia with two glasses of champagne and pushed one into Katia’s hand.  “Let’s toast to love and to men with big bank accounts,” Debbie giggled.  Katia held out her glass and clinked it with Debbie’s.  Debbie took a big gulp of champagne and giggled again.  “This is good.  Aren’t you going to drink?”
“Pretend to take a sip,” Delilah instructed Katia.  Katia followed Delilah’s instructions and lifted the glass to her lips.  Carefully she turned up the glass as if she was drinking some.
“Yes, this is tasty,” Katia replied and smiled.
Sophia flitted from girl to girl adjusting their gowns or tucking a loose strand of hair back into place.  “You must look perfect tonight.  When the men arrive, touch up your lipstick and leave your champagne glasses here.  We have a prince coming tonight to find a wife.  One of you could become royalty.”
Debbie looked at Katia.  Her smile nearly took over her entire face.  “Did you hear that?  There is going to be a prince here.  I just might find my prince charming and my happily ever after tonight.”  Debbie drank the rest of champagne in her glass and poured herself another one.
Time for Katia seemed to be in fast-forward.  It seemed she had been in the waiting room for only minutes but in fact it at been nearly an hour.  She watched Debbie and the other girls giggle and swoon at the possibility of becoming a princess.  But for Katia, she was waiting for the night to be over and to move on with her life.  She hoped Delilah and Boone would overhear what they needed to find Lucy and then end the party.  She was trying as hard as she could to stay calm and to execute her part in the ruse.  But she was nervous.  She saw the two men on the porch.  She had seen another through the window overlooking the back of the house.  She knew Boone and Delilah was nearby and would come to her rescue but still she could not totally relax.  She knew she had to be vigilant and do her part to unearth Lucy’s whereabouts.  
Hearing a knock on the door, Sophie stepped out of the room.  Katia instinctively knew the introductions were about to start.  She was glad she had not drunk any of the champagne because she was about to vomit.  She was glad she had not eaten since breakfast.  The thought of actually being paraded in front of twelve potential suitors disgusted her.  But it was the only way to find Lucy.  She walked to the mirror and took a long look at herself.  She pulled the lipstick Delilah had given her out of her purse and applied a fresh coat of lipstick on her full lips.  “I am ready,” she whispered to her reflection and turned towards the door.
Sophie reentered the room.  “Our guests have arrived and are anxious to meet you,” Sophie smiled.  “Allen will introduce you one by one to our guests.  Be warned, they have already seen your photos and may have already fallen in love with you.  Don’t be surprised if more than one is enamored.”
One by one Sophie called out the names of the girls and one by one they left the room, traveled down the hall and into the main room.  Allen introduced each of the girls to the entire room and then walked her to the man who was interested in meeting her.  Of course, the men had already declared their intentions and placed their initial bids.  The final bids would be checked later, and the girls handed over to the man who had made the highest bid.
When Sophie announced Katia’s name, Katia had to choke down the urge to hurl her breakfast.  She had not been able to eat more than a slice of toast knowing she would be on display for strangers to ogle.  Let your beauty be your talisman, she remembered Delilah telling her.  Standing straight, Katia took a deep breath and squared her shoulders.  With renewed confidence, she walked toward Sophie and the door.
Boone and Delilah watched the monitor as Katia walked down the hallway.  They watched as Miner took Katia by the hand and twirled her around like a little girl in front of the men.  “This gentleman is Katia.  If I wasn’t married to my beautiful Sophie, I might have to woo her myself.”
Katia, Boone, and Delilah watched as several of the men smiled in appreciation of Katia’s beauty.  Let your beauty be your talisman, played over and over again in Katia’s head.  “Smile,” Delilah whispered.
Katia smiled and turned to Allen Miner.  “Thank you, Mr. Miner, for this wonderful opportunity.”
“You are welcome, Katia,” Miner smiled and then kissed her on the cheek.  “There is someone very special here who wants to meet you.”  Miner offered Katia his arm and walked her to a young Arab man.  “Your Highness, may I present to you Katia.  Katia, this is Prince Oman.”
Katia was shocked.  She could not move.  Her brain was frozen, unable to think, unable to utter a single syllable.  Miner took Katia’s hand and offered it to the prince.  Prince Oman chuckled as he took it and softly kissed the back of Katia’s hand.  “Should I bow or curtsey,” Katia mumbled.  She wasn’t sure who was going to answer.
Prince Oman chuckled again.  “Neither.  Please sit beside me.”
Katia looked at the ottoman beside Oman’s leg.  “Facing me,” Oman requested.  “I want to look at you.”
Katia sat facing Oman as he had requested.  “You are quite beautiful,” Oman nodded.  “My brother will be so jealous.”
“So will my best friend,” Katia chuckled.  “She was the one hoping to meet a prince.”
Oman laughed.  “I like your laugh.  It is so honest and innocent.  You are not like the others,” Oman decided while looking around the room.
“I am looking for love,” Katia confessed.  “Not a rich husband, not a prince.”
“You are honest,” Oman smiled.  “It is something I am not used to.  Most people tell me what they think I want to hear.”
“Because they are afraid of you or because they like you?”
“Honestly?  I am not sure,” Oman pondered aloud.  “My grandfather is the King.  Most people are afraid of him.  They may be afraid of me as well based on our kinship.”
“Thank you for being honest with me as well,” Katia smiled.  “Do you already have a wife?”
“Wow, that was fast,” Oman chuckled.  “Do you always go for the jugular?”
“Normally I am shy but today, here, and after a little champagne, I feel braver than normal.”  Of course, Katia was lying.  She had yet to drink any champagne.
“Would you like some more champagne?” Oman asked.
“No, I think I might need to keep my wits about me when it comes to you.  I have the feeling you are going to try to use your charms on me.”
“I like you already Katia.  You are not subservient.  You would keep me on my toes.  We could have lots of fun together.”
Katia blushed.  Oman did seem to be a nice man.  Their friendly banter was refreshing.  “If I may be excused for a few minutes your Highness, I...”
“I understand my beautiful Katia, and please call me Oman.”
Katia tried her best to stand gracefully.  The ottoman was low, and her heels were high.  Nearly tripping she found her balance with her hand on the arm of Oman’s chair.  “Please forgive me your...Oman.  I am not used to wearing shoes like this.”
“You should be barefoot, Katia.  You are beautiful.  You do not need all this to make you beautiful.”
Katia blushed again and looked down the hall towards the bathroom.  Gathering her wits she walked away.  Inside the bathroom, she turned on the water in the sink.  “Damn he is good,” Katia told Boone and Delilah.  “If I were Debbie, we would already be in the limo headed to the airport.”
“He is either really nice or a really good actor,” Delilah warned.  “Remember why we are here.  Don’t get swept up in his charms.”
“I know.  I know.  But this guy is good,” Katia replied while looking at herself in the mirror.
“We are going to need a distraction soon,” Boone interrupted.  “One of the guys is ready to leave with his bride.  She is not so keen on leaving with him.  I guess the auction is over.”
“Have we found out anything about Lucy?” Katia panicked.
“No.  But now we have to save this girl, Mallory,” Boone advised.
“I know Mallory.  She is really innocent.  She just arrived here in Provo last month.”
“And this guy is a bit too anxious to get her alone,” Boone continued.  “It is time for the next step of the plan.”
“What do I need to do?” Katia asked.
Delilah took over the conversation.  “Go back into the waiting room and start a small fire.  When you get back to the main room, suggest to prince charming a walk alone outside.  It will get you out of the house.  Whatever happens, keep walking.  We will take care of the rest.”
“What exactly are you going to do?” Katia asked concerned for her friends.
“Don’t worry about us Katia,” Boone replied.  “We will get Mallory away from this jerk and then we will sort it out.  Just light the fire and get outside.”
“Okay,” Katia replied and turned off the water.  She left the bathroom and walked into the waiting room.  She applied another coat of lipstick and walked over to the window.  She knew Boone and Delilah would be able to see her at the window.  She placed a candle on the window sill and watched as the curtain caught on fire.  She walked out of the room and back to Oman.
Smiling as she approached him, she held out her hand.  “Why don’t we take a walk and spend some time alone.  I think I could use some fresh air.”
“Beautiful Katia.  I would be honored.”
Prince Oman stood and offered Katia his arm which she gracefully accepted.  Once outside, Katia led him away from the house.  It only took minutes for chaos and mayhem to begin.  Katia could hear the screams of the girls still in the house.  Katia started shaking thinking about Debbie, Mallory, and all the other girls.  She watched as the men started running out the front door.  Katia screamed when she did not see any of the girls.
“My friends are in there,” Katia screamed trying to run towards the burning house.  But Oman held her back.
“No Katia, you cannot help them,” he implored wrapping his arms around her.  But Katia kept screaming.  She kept trying to escape the hold Oman had on her.
“Katia!” Boone yelled into her ear.  “Delilah and I are getting them out.  Stay away from the house.  Don't go in!”
“What about the men?” Katia asked not caring if Oman heard her talking to Boone and Delilah.  But the prince did not know Katia was not talking to him.  Nor did he understand her concern for total strangers.  Oman continued to hold her back with both arms clasped around her from behind.  Before Boone or Delilah could answer Katia, she heard before she saw the newest installment to the night’s excitement.
Katia looked towards the house and the area where the vehicles were parked.  As the male attendees were trying to make their way to the cars, they were thwarted by a pack of wild animals.  Katia tried to distinguish what they were.  They appeared to a mix of dogs, wolfs, coyotes and other mixed breeds of wild animals.  She could not believe her eyes.  Not only were they in danger from the fire but from a pack of wild animals.  She could not understand why they were there.  But she was too frightened to think too much about it.  She could not think.  She could only watch with her eyes wide in disbelief.
Katia watched as the three guards for the house, pulled weapons from beneath their jackets and aimed them at the animals.  Katia screamed as she saw a red colored wolf lunge at one of the men.  Katia did not hear the gun discharged.  Katia watched as the other men aimed and fired their weapons at the pack of animals.  It took a few minutes for Katia's brain to catch up with her eyes and ears.  She finally realized the guns never fired.  It was as if the guns had no bullets.  Katia could not understand why.  
Katia struggled again to break away from Oman.  "Let go of me!" Katia screamed.  Oman released his grip.  Katia broke away from Oman and started running back towards the house.  Regardless of the guards and the wild animals she had to find her friends.  She had to find Debbie.
Katia knew Boone and Delilah would be in the barn.  She knew about the tunnel from the house to the barn.  She wanted to be there for her friends.  She had to know they were okay.  And she had to see it with her own eyes.  Oman ran after Katia.  As she neared the vehicles, one of the drivers jumped out of the car and grabbed her.
“Katia.  Katia,” the driver called to her.  “Get in the car.”  Before Katia could see who or what was happening, the man had pushed her into the back of the limo and jumped in behind her, closing the door.
Katia was trying to fight her way out of the vehicle.  Not looking at the man, she lashed out in fear and anger, her arms swinging and legs kicking.  “Katia.  Stop!” the man called out trying to pull her into an embrace.  “It's me, Logan.”
With everything going on and happening so quickly, it took a few seconds for the name Logan to register in Katia’s brain.  She opened her eyes and looked at the man who was trying to restrain her.  “Logan,” Katia cried out in surprise and relief.  Then she threw her arms around him and cried into his shoulder.
“Don’t cry, Katia,” Logan begged while holding Katia against him.  “You are safe now.”
“How?  What are you doing here?” Katia sobbed happy to see him, happy to be safe.
“It is a long story,” Logan started but never got to finish.  Boone was pounding on the window of the limo.
“Katia, come out!  Now!”


Chapter 13 – Logan

Katia opened the door to the limo and climbed out, jumping straight into Boone’s arms.  “Did you get all the girls?” Katia cried into Boone’s shoulder.
“Yes,” Delilah answered.  Unbeknownst to Katia, Delilah had injected both the guards in the barn with the horse tranquilizer while Boone had led the other eleven girls out of the burning house via the tunnel.  The girls were still gasping for air.  It was obvious they had inhaled too much smoke while inside the house and while escaping through the tunnel.  Some were limping; others were barefooted having removed their come-fuck-me shoes.  A few of the gowns were torn, and the girls were trying to cover their exposed party parts.  Make-up was smeared, and their once perfectly coiffed updos were a mess.  All were crying.
“Let’s round up the men and then we will get the girls safely home,” Boone added.  Boone turned to the women standing behind him, still frightened and confused.  “Ladies, why don’t you wait in the limo?  It will be safer there.”  
The women looked at one another not sure what to do.  They still were not sure what was happening.  Just moments ago they were attending a party with wealthy men hoping to find a husband.  Then the house was on fire, and they were being led through a tunnel by a virtual stranger.  Yes, Boone was a good looking stranger but a stranger none the less.
All were frozen afraid to move.  They just looked at each other.  Suddenly a large black and silver wolfdog rounded the back of the limo causing the girls to scream.  “Warrior,” Delilah squealed in joy.  Warrior jumped up with his paws on Delilah's chest and licked her face.
“I love you too my big lovable courageous friend,” Delilah laughed, kissing him back.
“Should I be jealous?” Boone asked Delilah while he laughed, happy to see Warrior as well.  “You and your friends are a welcome sight,” Boone told Warrior.
Warrior growled lowly, and Boone remained silent listening to him.  “I have heard of Coydogs, Coywolves, and Dogotes, but I have never met any before.  Please tell them, thank you,” Boone announced talking to Warrior.  Warrior growled again.  
Boone noticed the women still standing behind him.  “Ladies, this was not a romantic party to introduce you to potential husbands.  This was an auction.  You were to be sold to the highest bidder.  Miner was selling you to these men like livestock,” Boone tried to explain to the girls. “You really did not have any choice about who you would be leaving with or if you were going to leave.  Had you refused to leave with the man who bought you, you would have been drugged and hauled off against your will.  Now please, for your protection, get into the limo.”
The ladies looked at each other in total disbelief.  Debbie looked at Katia, who nodded to let Debbie and the rest of the women know Boone was speaking the truth.  One of the other girls opened the door to Miner’s long black limo and quickly jumped in.  The rest of the girls, except Katia, climbed in behind her.  When all were inside, Boone closed the door.
“Yes, let’s round up Miner and his friends and then I would love to meet everyone,” Boone stated as he continued his conversation with Warrior.  Katia and Logan looked at each other but said nothing about Boone's conversation with the wolfdog.
Boone turned to Katia and Logan.  He stared at Logan filled with suspicion and protectiveness while moving slightly towards Katia to shield her.  “Katia, do you know this man?”
“This is Logan Lamb.  We met about four years ago at the St. Louis Art Museum.  We started talking while staring at a painting and spent the rest of the day together.  It was my perfect day,” Katia told Boone and Delilah smiling.  They instantly knew what she was talking about.  They knew this was the man Katia was supposed to fall in love with.
Delilah smiled knowingly at Logan.  “Will you help us round up these assholes?” 
“It will be my pleasure ma’am,” Logan replied with a smile.  Then he looked at the men from the party who were being held at bay by the wolves, dogs and coyotes.  "Am I safe?" Logan asked.  "Or will they eat me alive?"
"They know the good guys from the bad guys," Boone grinned.  "They know you are one of the good guys."
Delilah reached into the inner pocket of her jacket and pulled out two dozen pairs of flex cuffs.  “I was a girl scout in another life,” she chuckled.  “I am always prepared.”
It only took a few minutes for Miner, Sophie and rest of the men, including the Prince, to be cuffed.  Once the task was completed, Delilah approached Miner first.  Reaching back, she released, slapping him as hard as she could.  “What you are doing is just plain disgusting.  Women are not chattel.  I hope you rot in prison for a very long time.”  
As Delilah walked away, Warrior approached Miner growling the entire time, each of his long canine teeth showing.  Now Miner was truly frightened.  Miner knew Warrior was about to get revenge for every time he had hit him with a belt.  Warrior raised his head and teeth towards Miner’s groin and opened wide.  Miner closed his eyes and screamed.  Warrior never touched the man who proclaimed to be his master.  Warrior snarled a wolfish grin as Miner urinated on himself.  Warrior sat back on his haunches and howled at the sky in delight.  Boone could not help from laughing.  He knew sometimes the best revenge was no revenge at all.
Delilah then approached Jerry, the head of the security detail.  “Tell me about this girl you drugged during the last party.  Who was she?  Where is she now?”
Jerry glanced at Miner, who shook his head from side to side.  “Bitch,” Jerry sneered through his clenched teeth.
Delilah stared into Jerry’s eyes.  “I can make you talk,” Delilah hissed as she started removing one of her gloves.
“Dee, don’t,” Boone called out as he reached for her ungloved hand.  Boone was certain Jerry was about to lose his family jewels.  He knew Delilah could do it in one clean twist of her wrist using her razor sharp talons.
“I was just going for my rope,” Delilah laughed.  “I figured I could string him up on the tree over there and torture the truth out of him.”
“I am sworn to secrecy,” Jerry replied with a devilish cackle.
“Just two minutes Boone.  Just me and Jerry out back alone,” Delilah begged.
“We will let the FBI do the torturing,” Boone laughed.  “We still have an hour before they arrive.  If they cannot get it out of Miner or Jerry, you can have all the time you need with both of them.  I will push them for the opportunity.”
Delilah knew the hidden message behind Boone’s statement and agreed by nodding.  “I only need a couple of minutes.  Just me and him and a cattle prod.”  Delilah hoped her threat would cause Jerry to open up and start talking.  But it did not.  Jerry was more afraid of Miner than he was of Delilah.  Jerry was a bigger fool than he could have imagined.  Of course, Delilah would not use a cattle prod on him.  Her rope would have worked to get the truth out of him.  But she would use it only has a last resort.  There were too many witnesses, and she could not reveal her powers around so many people.
Boone and Logan led the men and Sophie onto the bus and ensured they were properly secured until the FBI arrived.
Boone returned to the girls still hiding in the limo.  He opened the door so they could get out.  Most were elated they were now safe.  Debbie, however, was not.  “I was supposed to find me a rich husband.  You have ruined everything,” Debbie seethed at Boone.  “Now what am I supposed to do?  Now I have to go back to that hellhole and work.  Or I am going to have to find some poor man and give him five snotty nosed brats.”
Boone looked at the man who had bought Debbie and read his mind.  “You would not have been his trophy wife.  You are better off without him,” Boone admonished as a verbal slap in the face.  “You need to grow up and smell the stench of reality.  That man is a sadist, and he would have hurt you.  He would have beaten you to a bloody pulp and left you wishing you were dead.”
Debbie gasped in fear looking at the man she had just moments ago regarded as her savior and benefactor.  “Really?” she whispered hoarsely.  Boone nodded.  Debbie hung her head as if in embarrassment.  “Thank you,” she choked out as her body deflated in shame.
“We need to get all of you out of here before the authorities arrive,” Boone suggested.  “Your family and friends do not need to read about this.  It is going make headlines.”  The girls looked at each other now anxious to leave.
“I am sober,” Mallory spoke up and held her hand out for the keys to the limo.  Logan relinquished them to her.  Mallory giggled.  “I have always wanted to drive one of these.  Come on girls, let’s cruise the town and have a little fun.”  
Boone noticed his four-legged friends who were now near the wood line getting a bit antsy.  Boone excused himself and joined them.  He wanted to thank the Coydogs, Wolfdogs, Coywolves, and Dogotes.  Walking from one to the other, he called each one by name and thanked each one for coming to the girl's rescue.  Shaking each of their paws, he wished them happy hunting and a safe return to their dens and pups.  Together they looked to the sky and howled.  Boone howled with them and laughed earnestly.  Warrior lagged behind for a moment after the rest of the pack of canines had loped away.
Boone looked down at Warrior.  “Take care of the kids.  They are going to need you more than ever.  Not to protect them but for you to love them and comfort them.  It is going to be a rough time for them.  As soon as we find Lucy, we will be back for a visit.  Take care, my friend.”  Warrior nuzzled Boone’s leg.  “Back at ya buddy,” Boone replied almost sadly as if saying goodbye to a dearly loved friend.  Warrior dipped his head as if bowing to Boone and then took off down the mountain in the direction the Miner estate.
Once Boone was back with Delilah, who was waiting with Katia and Logan, Katia turned to Logan and asked again, “What are you doing here?”
Logan did not know where to start.  He did not know what to say.  Taking a deep breath, he started, unable to look directly at Katia.  “I have been overseas working to save money to come back and find you and ask you to marry me.”
Katia gasped in surprise.  They had spent only one day together, over four years ago.  “You want to marry me?”
Logan did not answer but continued with his story.  “I was working for the prince in the Middle East when his brother came home about four months ago with a new wife, a young sixteen-year-old, an American.”
Boone and Delilah gasped.
“Prince Omar bragged how he had bought her from a man here in Utah,” Logan continued.  “I found out more details from the prince I was working for, Prince Oman.  He was considering finding another bride for himself.  When the brochure arrived a few weeks ago, I saw your picture.  I begged the prince to allow me to accompany him to the auction.  I had to find a way to get to you and protect you.  I love you Katia.  I fell in love with you that day at the museum.  I had to find a way.  I was going to wait until the party was over and find a way to get you away from Oman before we got on the plane.”
Before Katia could say or ask anything, Delilah cut right to the chase needing to know about the girl who was purchased.  “The girl already with the brother; what is her name?”
“Lucy,” Logan revealed.
“Oh my,” Katia exclaimed learning the truth.  “Is she safe?  Has the wedding already happened?”
Logan tried to feign a smile.  “No, the wedding is not for two more months.  She is safe for now.”
Delilah quickly interjected.  “We need to get there and rescue her before the wedding, and she loses her innocence.  And before anyone finds out what has happened here.  Lucy's father is Allen Miner.  He sold her.  Her mother has been led to believe she ran away.  Her mother wants her back.”
Logan was not surprised.  “It has been rumored Miner was going to auction off his next daughter in the fall.  I heard him discussing it with one of the other men,” he revealed.
“She will be safe now.  Warrior will make sure of it,” Delilah smiled.  “Human trafficking is illegal, and I have some friends in the FBI who are on their way here now.  We are going to expose Miner and his circle of perverts.  We will keep them restrained until the authorities arrive.  But we are going to need your statement to help put him away.”
“And then we need to get to the Middle East to rescue Lucy.  Will you help us?” Boone asked Logan.
Logan never answered yes or no.  “It is going to be dangerous,” he warned.
“We totally expect as much.  We need your help with the layout of the palace and the area.  We need your help with any contacts you may have in the country,” Boone beseeched.
Logan nodded.  “I have a few friends who would be willing to help.  They are a couple of ex-black ops types who will be excited about a fun mission and for the opportunity to save a young American girl from the clutches of an Arab prince.”
“Good,” Boone replied.  “We will start making arrangements as soon as we are done here.  We need to leave as soon as possible.”
While Logan and Prince Oman had flown to Utah in the prince’s private jet, Logan knew they could not use it to return to the Middle East.  “So, I guess we are flying coach or do we have access to a private jet?” Logan asked.
Delilah smiled.  “Daddy may be able to help out.  If not, I have some friends in the government who owe me a favor or six.”
Logan looked at Delilah suspiciously.  “Who are you, lady?”
Delilah grinned and shrugged but never answered.  “As soon as the FBI arrives, we need to head home and prepare to leave for the Middle East.”  Logan nodded.  
“What about me?” Katia asked.
“I do not want you going with us!  We just rescued you, and I will be damned if I put you in danger again,” Logan insisted while taking Katia’s hand and pulling her closer to him.
Delilah knew Katia could not accompany the group to the Middle East.  But she also knew Katia could not stay in Utah.  “We have a place you can stay.  You can come with us back to Colorado and stay there while we rescue Lucy.”
Katia exhaled in relief.  “Are you going to tell Mrs. Miner about Lucy?” Katia asked.
Boone and Delilah looked at one another.  Delilah had a rapport with Margaret Miner, which Boone did not have.  Delilah answered for the two of them.  “Not yet.  Once Lucy is on the jet, and we are headed home, we will reach out to her.  I do not want to get her hopes up; at least not yet.”

****

“This is a country of contradiction; the super rich and ultra poor.  The palaces are many and big, really big.  The poor huddle together on the streets lucky to find enough scraps to feed their families.  There are the service workers, servants, and whatnot, but their salary is barely enough to scrape by hand to mouth,” Logan explained as he drove out of the airport parking lot onto the main highway.
Boone and Delilah looked down the road in front of them towards the high-rise buildings of the city and then behind them.  The sand covered road was practically deserted.  “There are more cars in Red Mountain and the population there is barely three thousand people,” Boone muttered thinking about the small town he and Delilah lived near.
Logan turned to Boone.  He did not need to worry about hitting another vehicle or vice versa.  “Very few people outside the royal family own cars.  The country got rich from petroleum, built roads and you could bore yourself to death sitting on the curb waiting for a car to drive by.”  Logan tried to find humor in his proclamation, but even he had a hard time finding it funny.
“The royal family of the oil era was large in its own right.  The original king during the OPEC era had a dozen sons and many daughters with over half a dozen wives.  They all married and had children.  Each child has their own palaces.  Omar and Oman are twin grandsons of the king.  They live with their parents in their palace.  None of the grandchildren have their own palace.  How sad,” Logan sneered sarcastically still trying to find some levity to lighten the mood.  Boone and Delilah stayed silent taking in every word, looking ahead to the city ahead of them.
“While Muslim law allows up to four wives, each grandson has been limited to only two.  Some have divorced a wife or two to bring a new and younger wife into the fold.  The younger girls, some as young as fourteen were bought, yes bought, from the girl's father.  The divorced girls often end up on the street abandoned left to beg or turn to prostitution.  Many of these girls are in really bad shape when they are kicked to the curb.  I cannot even describe their injuries."  Logan had to pause while he regained his composure.  "Women are still suppressed.  They are second-class citizens at best.  And that is only if they have money; their husband's or father's money, that is."
"While the family’s wealth will last another hundred years or so, they are cutting back and trying to save a buck or two.  Alternative energy vehicles have put a strain on the purse strings.  However, Granddad is quite liberal with the money needed to buy young blonde virgins.  He is a sick bastard.”  The thought of Lucy’s would-be demise made Logan shudder.  He knew how many of the wives were treated.  He had to force down the bile which was threatening to enter his throat.
“Plus outside blood waters down the gene pool.  The cousins have a tendency to inbreed,” Logan added as an explanation for the royal family buying or kidnapping young virgins.
Boone knew he needed to change the subject of conversation.  “So who does this car belong to?” he asked.
“It belongs to a few buddies and me.  I hooked up with a couple guys who do personal protection for the president of the country’s bank.  We keep a vehicle at the airport for emergency purposes.  The prince’s car is tracked so we could not use it.  I drove it to the airport when we left, and it is where it will stay.”
“But won’t the king know you are back in the country and without the prince?” Delilah asked.  “I am sure he has loyal subjects working for him at the airport.”
“Fake passport,” Logan smiled and glanced back at Delilah through the rear view mirror.
“It seems I am not the only one with connections,” Delilah mused returning the smile.  "My friends at the FBI and ICE are going to hold Oman as long as they can and ignore the diplomatic immunity treaties.  It will give a day or three."
Logan’s persona turned serious again.  “Pull down the back seat Delilah.  We need to get you covered.  I know you can take care of yourself, but there is no need to advertise that you are from out of town.  There is a bag with a full robe and burqa.  It is a full-face burqa except for the eyes.  I hope the robe is long enough.  You are taller than most females here.”
“I anticipated the need to hide myself.  I brought a long plain sleeveless black cotton dress I can wear underneath.  It will cover all of me.”
Logan smiled again.  He was amazed at how Delilah thought.  She was always prepared.  “We have about ten minutes before we hit the city.  We will abandon the car and walk the rest of the way.  My buddies will retrieve it for us.  I have a small place on the outskirts of town.  I knew someday I would need a place to hide if another war or rebellion raised its ugly head.  We will be safe there while we plan our next step.”
Delilah unzipped her travel duffle and pulled out the long black dress she had packed.  It was a thin, simple cotton dress free of ornamentation and free-flowing.  She slipped it over her jeans and then removed her jeans; rolling them she placed them into the duffle.  She pulled the dress up to her bosom.  “Eyes front,” she told Logan and Boone while she removed her t-shirt and finished donning the dress.  With the road being deserted she had no fear of being seen by anyone else.  Removing the hair tie from her wrist, she combed her long dark hair back with her fingers and secured her silky hair into a single ponytail.  She then pulled the dark one piece burqa over her head.  “I am going to lose ten pounds of water weight in the next ten minutes,” Delilah complained and sneered.  “It is hotter than hell in this god awful getup.”
“The burqa is designed to remove any sexuality.  It is supposed to hide a female and prevent any lustful, sinful thoughts about her,” Logan explained, knowing the local customs.
“Does it work?” Delilah asked with a facetious tone.
“No,” Logan laughed.  “Men are going to have lustful thoughts about a woman regardless of how she is dressed.  Sometimes I think the burqa makes it is worse.  You see a pair of smoky dark, mysterious eyes peeking out of the burqa, and the mind starts imagining all sorts of things and none of them chaste.  And those pale icy blue eyes of yours are going to cause all kinds of thoughts.”
“It is a good thing I brought some dark colored contacts,” Delilah laughed.  “I will put them in once we reach your safe house.”
As soon as they reach the city, Logan took the first left and followed the road for several miles.  He pulled into a parking lot of a once opulent hotel.  The parking lot had few vehicles.  Logan found a spot surrounded by other cars in hopes of blending in and parked.  “Grab your bags.  We will walk from here.”
Boone grabbed his bag and Delilah’s.  Out of habit, he took her hand into his.  “No touching,” Logan snapped.  “Muslim law prohibits public displays of affection.  And Delilah, keep your eyes towards the ground and walk at least two paces behind us.”
“Oh hell no!” Boone and Delilah sneered simultaneously.
“It is for her protection.  Contrary to what the rest of the world is led to believe, stoning for adultery is still commonly accepted and practiced here,” Logan reminded them.  “The two of you are not married.”
Boone released Delilah’s hand and stepped back.  “I love you, Dee.”
Delilah stared into Boone’s emerald green eyes.  “I love you too, Boone.  But you owe me for this,” Delilah told him.  Boone did not reply.  He knew they had taken the assignment to find Lucy because of his guilt-ridden feelings surrounding the death of his sister Star.
“The two of us will stand out enough as it is.  Me not as much with my dark hair and olive complexion but you Boone will stick out like a leprechaun on Valentine’s Day.”
Boone knew Logan was right.  His pale skin, lightly peppered with an occasional freckle and strawberry blonde hair screamed ‘outsider.'  There were few European Americans in the country.  Boone hoped there were enough outsiders in the country for the locals not to stare or remember his face.  But he knew it would be easier for him to escape the country, if need be, than for Delilah.  Being a wolf, he could outrun any human if he turned wolf and run through the mountains to the neighboring country.
The three walked away from Logan’s vehicle and towards the back of the hotel.  Passing the hotel, they entered a retail area.  Numerous clothing and curio shops lined both sides of the streets.  “For the tourists,” Logan explained, noticing Delilah's confused expression.
“Do many people come here on vacation?” Boone asked seeing a fair amount of tourists shopping.
“You would be surprised.  Most come just to see the palaces.  The opulence and gaucheness of the royal wealth have been a tourist attraction for over half a century.”
After several blocks, Logan turned down what appeared to be an alley.  Three story buildings closed in around the dark but hot walkway.  Delilah gasped at the stench which seemed to emanate from the ground and the bricks of the buildings.  “What is that vile smell?” Delilah gagged.  Even through the burqa, she had to cover her nose and mouth to keep from vomiting.
“Everything,” Logan nearly chuckled.  “Garbage, urine, blood, death, you name it.  Just hold your breath as long as you can.  We will be there in about five minutes.”
Leaving the alley, Logan led Boone and Delilah into what appeared to be a courtyard surrounded by two and three story buildings with outer hallways.  Clothes, rugs and other pieces of fabric hung over the railings and on makeshift clotheslines.  Improvised awnings of all sizes and colors dotted the courtyard in a vain attempt to be shielded from the murderous sun and heat.  Women in full burqas squatted beside wash tubs of plastic or metal washing clothes by hand.  Delilah shuddered and fought the urge to cry.  Nothing has changed here at all, she thought silently seeing women still living as they had for hundreds of years.  There had been no progress for them, no civil right changes; no equality.  Delilah clenched her teeth and jaws together, exhaling hard to keep from screaming.  She was outraged.
Logan reached the steps to one of the buildings and looked back at Delilah, who was frozen where she stood.  Boone could read Delilah’s thoughts.  Delilah had intentionally lowered her telepathic barrier.  Boone knew Delilah was three point two seconds from kicking every visible man in the balls and telling the women to flee.  Dee! Boone yelled telepathically.  Delilah blinked coming out of her self-induced trance.  She looked up at Boone and walked towards him and Logan.
Delilah followed Logan and Boone up the stairs and down the hall.  Logan stopped in front on the fourth door and pulled a key from under his shirt.  Unlocking the door, the three entered.
The room was small and dark.  The dankness indicated the room had been closed for a long time.  The air was hot and stale.  Logan opened the window in an attempt to allow some fresh air into the room.  He walked into the doorless bathroom and opened a small electrical box.  Flipping a switch, a small ceiling fan in the main room started twirling and a low wattage bulb illuminated.
Delilah looked around.  There were only one room and a small bathroom.  A small square wooden table and four wooden chairs sat in the back corner.  A small faded and worn brown upholstered couch lined one wall.  A pillow and thin cotton sheet stacked at the end showed it doubled as a bed.  A small counter sat along the last wall.  It was covered with dark green tile and blackened grout.  A small single metal sink sat in the center.  A 20th-century hot plate and a couple of pans sat to the left of the sink.  A small dish rack with a few plates and cups hung from the wall.  None of the dishes or cups matched each other.  All were in assorted sizes and colors as if collected one piece at a time like discarded trash rescued and brought home.
“Sorry, it is just the bare basics,” Logan sighed apologetically.  “I will get word to my buddies, and we can start making our plans.  Try to relax and stay cool.  I will send for some water and food.  The temperature will drop a little once the sun goes down.”
“Can I take this thing off?” Delilah whined pulling the fabric the burqa away from her body.  “I feel like I am about to pass out.  How do these women do it?”
“It is all they know,” Logan shrugged.  “I stopped trying to figure it out a long time ago.”
“So can I take it off?” Delilah asked again almost begging.
Logan hesitated and then nodded.  “Just stay away from the window.”
“Good.  Because I am sweating in places, I did not know I had,” Delilah sneered.  Delilah's memories had taken her back to her childhood when she was forced to wear layers of clothing.  She knew the discomfort of living before air-conditioning, and she hated it.  Had she been back home, she would have stripped to her panties and bra and thrown a shirt over them.  But she wasn't, so Delilah grabbed her jeans and t-shirt out of her duffle and went into the bathroom.  
Delilah pulled the thick plastic black curtain across the curtain rod to give herself a smidgen of privacy.  Moving as far away from the bathroom entrance as she could, she removed the burqa and then attempted to cool down by splashing her face and arms with some cold water.  But the temperature outside being over 100 degrees and nearly 120 degrees inside the apartment, the supposed cold water felt slightly cooler than room temperature.  Giving up, Delilah pulled on her jeans and shirt and slinked back into the main room.  Looking around she realized there was nowhere to hide from the open window.  She walked to the door and with her back to it, she slid to the floor.  With her elbows on her bent legs, she held her face in her hands.  She had been in the country for a little over an hour, and she was ready to leave.  But she knew she could not leave without Lucy.  Silently she prayed for a quick and safe rescue.  She wanted to leave the country as soon as possible.
Delilah could hear someone nearing the door; the sound of sandals shuffling along the concrete walkway.  She nearly jumped as she saw a young arm come through the window holding a bag with several bottles of water.  Logan moved to the window and thanked the young boy of about eleven.  The boy held out another two more bags, and Logan took them with a smile and slipped some of the local currency into the boy’s hand.
Logan passed out the bottles of water first.  They were still cold, with condensation dripping off the plastic.  Delilah opened hers and drank half of it in one sip.  “Slow down Delilah.  Don’t make yourself sick by drinking too fast,” Logan admonished.
“But I want to drink it while it is cold,” she nearly cried.  “It is hot as hell in here.”
“I got us some food and a special surprise for Delilah,” Logan winked as if he had a secret he was anxious to share.  Logan walked to the table and placed the bag with food on the table.  Then he opened the last bag.  He reached in and pulled out a lightweight, light colored scarf.  “You can wear this around your head and the lower part of your face.  No more burqa.”
“And I can stop hiding in the corner behind the door like a fugitive?” Delilah mused thinking of all the times she was the one hunting the fugitive.  Now she felt like the hunted.  She did not take pleasure in the feeling.
“Just sit with your back to the window while we eat and then wrap up while you move around the room, and you will be fine,” Logan smiled.
Delilah jumped up like a little girl on Christmas morning.  “Oh thank you, Logan,” she squealed with glee.  Delilah covered her hair with the scarf and sat at the table with her back to the door.  “What is for dinner?”
Logan pulled several to go containers out of the bag and placed one in front of each of them.  “Styrofoam?” Delilah gasped.  “I thought this stuff was outlawed.”
“Maybe in the U.S. but not here,” Logan mused with a chuckling shrug.  “I hope you like what I ordered.”
Boone and Delilah opened the styrofoam containers and stared.  “It is shawarma and tabouli,” Logan explained.
“It is what and what?” Boone grimaced as the strong smell of spices entered his senses.
“Shawarma is usually chicken or lamb, in this case, chicken, wrapped in a pita or flatbread with tomatoes, garlic sauce, and pickle.  It is one of my favorites.  Tabouli is a mixture of parsley, bulgur, mint, tomato, scallions with olive oil, herbs, spices and a little lemon juice.  You may have seen it in specialty stores sold as a dip.  I usually eat it on lettuce.  It is quite good.”
“It smells good,” Delilah agreed as she smelled the cinnamon in the Tabouli.  “I am sure I have eaten worse.”
“After dinner, I will get one of the women to help us get you some summer pants and a long tunic.  It will be more comfortable than the burqa and easier to move around in.  We do not need you tripping on the burqa when we snatch Lucy.”
“Aren’t you afraid of being ratted on?” Boone asked.  He was concerned one of the locals in the courtyard would tell someone they were there.
“It is just my sister and her husband coming for a visit,” Logan suggested.  “No harm, no foul.”
“Then why all the secrecy?” Delilah asked.
“I am just trying to protect your identity.  While western women can walk around in western clothing, I do not want to put you in any danger.  If we keep you cloaked, no one will know who you are.  If something goes wrong, but it won’t, again no one will be able to trace who you are.  Regardless of the outcome, no one will know to look for you here.  I have been in this country for over four years.  I have seen things I wish I had never seen.  It is not all luxurious palaces and fancy shopping malls.  I am confident we will get Lucy.  But I am not kidding myself for one single minute this is going to be a cakewalk.  Something will go wrong, and we will need a contingency for every step in our plan.  Keeping your identity a secret is our first contingency.  The men being caught is one thing, you getting captured is an entirely different story.  I have seen how they torture their enemies.  It ain’t pretty.  And the way they treat a woman is worse.”
“I can hold my own,” Delilah sneered.  She hated anyone thinking of her as the weaker sex.  “I have a few tricks up my sleeve.”
Logan glanced at Boone for backup.  But Boone knew better.  He had seen Delilah in action.  He had seen what her talons could do.  Boone treasured his family jewels.  And he was hoping to use them soon.  He still had hopes of having a family.
Boone shrugged with his eyes wide open and shook his head from side to side.  He put up his hands, palms forward, and refused to say a word.
“I am sure you do,” Logan admitted to Delilah.  “I know you are not afraid of fire, bodyguards or wild animals.  But these guys are all three rolled into one.”
“I am still not afraid,” Delilah asserted.
“You should be,” Logan sneered as he shook his own head and went back to eating.
After dinner, Logan called for one of the local women who lived in the building.  With Delilah’s scarf securely covering her face and her icy blue eyes disguised brown under dark colored contacts, the older woman of about sixty entered the room.  “We need pants and a long tunic for my sister,” Logan told the woman.  “In black.”
“It will be hard,” the woman replied.  “She is tall like you.”
“I need it tonight, two sets.  Both in black,” Logan insisted.  “Do what you need to do.  We will pay extra.”
The woman nodded and walked around Delilah twice memorizing every feature and curve.  “Very tall woman,” the older woman sighed as she left.
“It may take a few hours,” Logan told Delilah and Boone.  “Once she returns with the clothes, we will head out to meet my friends.  They will be quite helpful.  One is ex-special forces.  The other was a Navy Seal.  They have resources we will need to get into the palace.”
“What type of resources are we talking about?” Boone asked.
“It will not be easy getting into the palace,” Logan started.  “We have to get onto the grounds and then into the palace.”
“What issues will we have on the grounds?”
“We will need to go in at night.  The dogs will be on patrol on the ground.   Guards will be on the walls with automatic weapons.”
“Do you know where Lucy is being kept?” Delilah chimed in.
“Yes, but she is well guarded.  A young blonde virgin is worth her weight in gold in this country,” Logan reminded her.  
“So we need to get past the dogs, the machine guns, and the bodyguards and then back out?” Boone asked.
“And lay low until we can get back to the airfield and out of the country.  But I have a few friends who will help smuggle us out.  We just need to get Lucy across the border and onto a private jet.”
“We have a plane on standby,” Delilah reminded Logan.  “They will be ready to fly us to safety.”


Chapter 14 – Red Palace

After Delilah was properly dressed in the Arab style black pants, a long tunic, and a scarf, Logan took Boone and Delilah to what appeared to be a bar.  It was only a few blocks from the apartment.  As they entered, Boone and Delilah saw the clientele mainly consisted of American and European men.  Then they saw the young local women and girls working as servers and prostitutes.
Delilah was confused seeing the scantily dressed women. “How do they do this?  I thought the country still practiced stoning.”
“These girls, women, are orphans per se.  They have foreign fathers who got their mothers pregnant and then left the country.  After the children were born, the boys are enslaved to work menial labor, the girls are sold into either servitude or prostitution, but mainly prostitution,” Logan explained.
“And where are the mothers?” Delilah asked, fearing the worst.
Logan took a deep frightened breath and confirmed Delilah’s suspicions of honor killing.  “They were stoned by their families; their fathers and brothers and uncles.  It is a century's old practice.  They had to reclaim their family’s honor.”
Delilah was angry.  She had been born into a society which had regarded women as property.  She had grown up fighting for women’s rights and suffrage.  She had celebrated in the streets of Nashville, Tennessee still wearing her yellow rose with her fellow suffragettes when the last famous vote was cast to give women the right to vote.  It had been a symbolic war of the roses.  Those advocating women’s rights were wearing yellow roses and those opposing suffrage wearing red roses.  It was August 18, 1920, Delilah’s fifty-first birthday.  Of course, she did not look a day over twenty-five, then or now.
Biting her lower lip to hold her outrage Delilah looked towards Boone.  Gazing at Boone, she saw something else in his eyes.  Pity, sorrow, anger?  Boone knew what it was like to grow up believing his mother was dead; his father never claiming Boone as his own, let alone acknowledging his very existence.  Boone knew the pain of growing up without parents.  He knew the pain of abandonment.
Delilah reached out her hand to touch Boone on the cheek and to wipe away the invisible tear on his face.  His sorrow far outweighed her anger.  Logan grabbed her hand mid-reach and in a harsh whisper told her, “No.  No touching.”
“But this is a brothel.  I am surrounded by hookers, and you are telling me not to touch the man I love; the man I am going to marry,” Delilah seethed.  She could not understand why Logan was so cautious and restrictive of her actions.
“Not here,” Logan sternly warned.  Glancing around the bar his eyes showed fear and suspicion.  Logan knew not everyone in the establishment could be trusted.  He knew many of the men around them would happily betray them for a price.
Delilah inhaled deeply but not to calm herself.  She was about to give Logan a piece of her mind when she saw two men approaching the table.  “Lamb,” the first man called out.
Logan jumped up to welcome him.  “Santos,” Logan replied with a big smile pulling the man into his arms for a manly hug.  “And Romas,” Logan exclaimed seeing the second man and hugging him as well.
“Sit, sit,” Logan insisted while motioned a server for a round of beer.
“Meet my friends,” Logan started and nodded towards Boone and Delilah.  “Guys, meet Boone and Delilah.  Boone and Delilah meet Santos and Romas.”
Boone extended his hand to Santos first.  “Berto,” Santos stated while rolling the ‘R” and offering up his nickname.  “Roberto Santos.”
“I am Diego Romas,” the second man stated extending his hand to Boone and introducing himself.
“Normally we just use last names here.  It is a bad habit we learned in the military,” Santos stated as an explanation.  “Some things never change.”
Both the men looked at Delilah and nodded.  They knew having spent nearly a decade in the country not to extend their hand to her.  They knew the repercussions.  Delilah tried to feign a smile but failed.  She merely nodded and looked back down towards the table while fidgeting with the end of her new acquired scarf.  Delilah hated feeling like a second-class citizen and while she understood everyone’s precautions she had a difficult time playing the meek and quiet female.  She fought the urge just to stand up and scream at the top of her lungs.
Moments later, a young girl of about thirteen arrived at the table with four bottles of European beer and a bottle of water.  She placed the water in front of Delilah and walked away.  “Water?” Delilah sneered.  “Really?”
“By local law, alcohol is illegal.  But the government as a whole overlooks it.  They pretend it is not here.  But the owner of the establishment would lose his right hand if he sold alcohol to a woman,” Diego explained.  "It is a big disgrace to have a hand publically amputated."
“But the women working here are obviously drinking,” Delilah refuted looking straight at Diego.  Then she whispered low enough for only Boone to hear, “This is worse than Prohibition.”  She remembered the thirteen years of the U.S. Prohibition period.  It was one of the reasons she had begun to love the sweet red wine she now drank.  The laws had allowed the making and consumption of wine under the disguise of it being non-intoxicating fruit-juice.  Delilah remembered buying the wine bricks, concentrated semisolid blocks of grape juice and after added water, allowing it to ferment.  Just twenty days later it would turn into wine.  
“They are the nameless,” Diego whispered as not to be overheard by the patrons or the girls in the bar.  He did not want anyone to know Boone and Delilah were new to the country.
“The nameless?” Delilah asked her eyes crunched and hooded.
Diego continued to explain, “This country does not allow the bastard children to be named, to have birth certificates, or to be recognized as living, breathing human beings.  To the government, they do not exist.  They cannot go to school, marry or own property.  You cannot arrest something which does not exist.”
“Now I am really starting to hate this country,” Delilah seethed while trying to keep her disgust and anger in check.  But then she remembered the fight for the acceptance of the Equal Rights Amendment to the U.S. Constitution still occurring in her own country.  Even after 101 years since it had first been introduced to Congress for ratification, it had not been approved.  In essence, men and women would never be considered as equals.  And in many countries, a caste system was still deeply rooted and continued to flourish.
“Just starting?” Berto chuckled.
“Daddy had better replenish the wine cellar before we get home,” Delilah whispered to Boone.
Boone laughed.  He knew how much Delilah liked her father’s wine.  Hell, even he was craving a tall glass of the sweet red wine.  He was also craving Delilah’s touch.  His mind jumped to a memory of the two of them curled up in front of their fireplace, entwined and basking in each other’s love.  His laugh turned into a frown.
Delilah glanced at Berto.  He was in his mid-thirties, just short of being six foot tall.  He had a stocky build, muscular but not ripped.  He appeared to be of Hispanic descent.  His complexion was dark with dark eyes and hair.  He wore his hair short, just slightly longer than a military buzz cut with about a week’s worth of beard on his chin and jaw; his mustache thin and well groomed.  He wore a simple pair of faded jeans and a solid colored dark navy blue t-shirt.
She then looked towards Diego.  He also was in his mid-thirties maybe a year or two older than Berto.  Standing he was about five foot ten, thinner than Berto with a softer muscular tone.  He had medium brown hair and light brown eyes.  His hair was curly, and he wore it fairly short.  Delilah could not determine his ancestry from his features or complexion but assumed it was European based on his surname, possibly Spanish and something else.  He was clean shaven except for his mustache, also well kept and within military regulations.  He also wore a pair of old jeans and a yellow t-shirt with the name of a local bank stamped on the front in red.
“You are both ex-military?” Boone asked the two.  He needed to think of anything but Delilah and holding her hand or pulling her into his arms.
“Navy Seal,” Berto whispered.  “Romas was Army Special Forces.”
“So you both know a trick or two?” Boone mused with a grin.
“More like two or ten,” Diego chuckled arrogantly.  “And we know the city.  We have been here for nearly a decade.”
“Why?” Delilah asked.
“It is about the money,” Berto laughed.  “We live quite well.  So much better than the way we grew up.”
“Don’t you ever think about returning to the States?” Boone asked.  “Don’t you miss home?”
“Neither of us has a home so to speak,” Berto started as his mood turned grim.  “Both of us were raised in orphanages; me in Brazil and Romas in Columbia.  We made our way to the States and joined the military so we could become U.S. citizens.  We do not have any family; at least none that we know of.  I am sure after this mission we will need to leave this country and start over somewhere else.”
“We have already arranged to have our money transferred to a bank in the Caribbean.  We will decide later where to settle.  We figure we will hit the islands and party for a month or three while we figure out our next gig,” Diego chuckled.
“Will a million dollars for each of you help?” Boone asked in a hushed tone.
Berto and Diego gasped and blurted out simultaneously.  “What?”
“We are willing to pay you both a million dollars for your help.  We will fly you both out of the country,” Delilah added.  “Once we arrive back home, we will have the money transferred.  Be ready to leave once we get Lucy.  We will be going straight to the rendezvous point just across the border and flying home from there.”
Both men raised their brows and nodded.  “Let’s make our plans,” Diego smiled.
Logan stood and laid the payment for their drinks on the table.  “Let’s go somewhere a bit more private,” Logan suggested.  “Meet us at my apartment in thirty minutes.”  Logan, Boone, and Delilah left together.  
Diego and Berto stayed long enough for the second round of beer and then departed, making their way to Logan’s apartment.
By the time Diego and Berto arrived, Logan had already drawn the layout of the palace and the surrounding grounds.  He knew the best way in and out of the palace as he had worked for the Prince for nearly three years.  The five discussed the best way to get into the palace and to get Lucy out.  They decided who would take out the dogs, the patrols and the guards outside Lucy’s room.  They discussed contingencies for every possible scenario; every possible roadblock.  All they needed was weapons.
“We have got some friends,” Berto assured Boone and Delilah.
“So do I,” Delilah smiled.  “I will make a few calls and see what I can find.  I do need to go out tomorrow to pick up a few things.”
“I will get one of the ladies to take you,” Logan offered.  “Just keep your scarf on.”
“I will go with you,” Boone insisted.
“No,” Delilah quickly refuted.  “I need to do this alone.”
Boone was not pleased.  He knew Delilah could protect herself.  But still, he did not want to spend one moment away from her.  But he also knew she had secrets either she could not or would not share with him.  He had to trust she knew what she was doing.  He had to believe she was keeping him safe by keeping him in the dark about some of the things in her past as well as her government contacts.  He just did not know how far her contacts reached and that scared him the most.  How powerful were her friends?  Could they protect her?
Boone frowned and took a deep breath.  Biting his top lip, he stayed silent.
Delilah could sense Boone’s fear.  “I will take one of the ladies with me.  I just need to pick up a few things in the marketplace.”
“I will set it up with the lady who bought your clothes,” Logan informed everyone.  “We can trust her.”

****

Delilah left the apartment the next morning with the woman who had helped procure the outfit Delilah was now wearing.  Delilah returned two hours later smiling.  After a quick lunch, Boone and Delilah took a long nap together on the couch.  Logan lay on a thin mat on the floor and slept as well.  They all knew it could be a long night.  Not only did they need to rescue Lucy but they needed to escape the country.  The jet was waiting for them on an abandoned airstrip just over the border.
Later that afternoon, the Diego and Berto joined them at Logan’s apartment.  Diego and Berto both carried in a small duffle over their shoulder.  “The rest of our stuff is in the car.  We have parked it down the road just north of the palace.” Berto explained with a laugh.  “We have packed light.  No need for a lot of clothes where we are headed.  All we are going to need is swimwear and a suitcase full of condoms.”
“We have got weapons and night vision gear,” Diego advised opening his duffle and removing several handguns and semiautomatic rifles.  Most were once military issue but now obsolete and replaced with more modern equipment and firearms.  Berto’s duffle bag held several knives, a long rope, and a grappling hook, should they need to egress from the palace via a window.
“My shopping trip today was quite successful,” Delilah grinned as she put two cardboard boxes onto the table.  “It is nice to have friends in high places.  I think you will like these.”
Delilah opened the larger of the two boxes.  Inside were five tubular shaped metal rods, each about seven inches long and about one and a half inches in diameter.  “Rummies!?” Berto called out as a question and an exclamation.  He was smiling as if he had just won the lottery.
“Yep,” Delilah grinned smugly.
“What is a Rummy?” Boone asked.  He had never served in the military nor was he one to use a weapon unless he had no other choice.
“It is an R-151,” Berto explained.  “It is a laser type weapon with several settings.”
“It is nicknamed Rummy because the inventor, a guy by the name of Rami, liked 151-proof Puerto Rican rum.  Thus R-151,” Diego laughed.
“These are awesome,” Berto continued as he picked one up and twirled it around in his fingers.  “They are easy to conceal and multifunctional.  These are the newer ones, three settings, smack.”
“Smack?” Boone questioned.
“S – M and K,” Berto explained.  “Stun, maim and kill.”
“Stun allows you to render your victim unconscious.  Maim enables you to injure, take out a kneecap, arm, whatever.  And kill, well it is pretty self-explanatory,” Diego delineated.
“Unconscious?” Boone asked.  “For how long?”
“Long enough to get away; about thirty to sixty minutes depending on the person,” Delilah added.
“So hopefully we will not have to kill anyone,” Boone sighed, teeth clenched.
“We might not be so lucky,” Logan shuddered.  “The night guards will not hesitate to shoot.  They are instructed to shoot to kill.  No questions asked.”
“And the great thing about the Rummies is they will not be able to see us pinning them.  Just aim and fire,” Berto laughed.
“But how do we know we have pinned them?” Boone asked.
“Get ready for the second surprise,” Delilah laughed as she opened a second, but smaller box.
“Sunglasses?” Boone asked still confused.  Delilah was holding up what appeared to be an ordinary pair of aviator style sunglasses.
“Not just any sunglasses,” Delilah laughed again.  “These glasses allow the wearer to see the beam from the laser and...wait for it...they double as night vision goggles.  So much better than these big bulky things Berto and Diego brought with them.”
Berto was about to jump up and down like a five-year-old on the best Christmas morning ever.  He was about to hug Delilah.  “I do not know who you are, lady,” Berto said to Delilah.  “But I think I am in love.”
Boone growled lowly but loud enough for everyone to hear.  He was not usually the jealous type, but he felt a little out of his element.  “Sorry dude,” Berto grimaced hearing Boone.  “I know she is spoken for.  No harm.  This is just a rescue mission.  I am not trying to impregnate your woman.”
Boone said nothing in return even though he did not like Berto’s lewd remarks.  Instead, he pulled Delilah to his side and wrapped his arm firmly and possessively around her youthful waist.  Boone smiled as he heard Delilah clicking her nails.  Let him keep is balls, Boone told Delilah telepathically.
“So right before it gets dark, we will head out,” Logan reminded everyone trying not to add to a tense situation.  “Let’s grab dinner.  It could be a long night.”
Logan called for one of the boys in the courtyard.  After ordering dinner for the army of five, they tried to relax for a while.  Boone and Delilah returned to the well-worn couch while the other three sat at the table talking about the mission.  
Boone wrapped his arm around Delilah as she relaxed against his shoulder.  “Don’t you feel naked without your knife?” Boone whispered into her ear.
“Who says I am naked,” Delilah grinned as she lifted her long tunic.  Boone glanced at her thigh and saw a long Arab style metal dagger strapped to her leg.  The curved blade was at least a foot long with a beautifully carved designed.  The knife was three inches wide at the widest point and buffed to a gleaming luster.  The handle was black with no ornamentation.
“No sheath?” Boone asked.
“The sheath was too new.  Too stiff,” Delilah explained.  “I do not have time to soak it and form it to my leg.  So I have wrapped the dagger to my leg with a long piece of cloth.”
“I hope you do not stab yourself,” Boone warned half amused.
“I haven’t yet.”
“And where is your rope?”
“Wrapped around my waist,” Delilah replied.  “I never leave home without it.”  
Boone smiled.  He knew as long as Delilah had a knife and her rope, she would feel confident, and he would feel more at ease.  He knew she could take care of herself.  Sure there had been a few precarious moments, like the vampires in New Orleans, but he doubted they would encounter any supernatural beings that night.
Then Delilah reached under the couch and pulled out a package wrapped in paper and handed it to Boone.  As he removed the paper, he smiled.  “I got you a knife too,” Delilah cooed.  Boone kissed Delilah and smiled again as he slipped the knife into his boot.  He did not need a sheath for the knife.  His boots, all his boots, were now custom made with a built-in sheath.
“So where did you get the Rummies?” Boone asked in a low whisper.
“I called in a favor or two from the CIA and the NSA,” Delilah replied.  “They hooked me up with a local arms dealer.  I picked them up when I got the dagger and hunting knife.”
Boone was now worried about Delilah’s anonymity.  “Did anyone see you?” Boone asked.  He held his breath waiting for Delilah’s answer.
“I doubt it.  It was at a shop which sold spices.  You gotta love spices,” Delilah smiled as she looked back at the cardboard boxes sitting on the floor next to the table.  The smaller box was clearly marked with the word cinnamon on two sides and a larger one with the words assorted spices.
“Is there anyone you do not know?” Boone asked with a sideways glance and his lips pursed.
“I have lots of friends and lots of people who owe me favors,” Delilah advised and then said nothing else as she laid her head back onto Boone’s shoulder.
“I am not even going to ask,” Boone mused as he pulled Delilah closer and inhaled deeply, taking in her scent; the scent of red wine and honey.

****

The army of five made their way towards the palace right before nightfall.  Getting near the palace would be tricky as all public tours had ended at 4 p.m. and the parking lot would be empty.  They would need to walk from the main marketplace to the walls of the palace.  Then they would have to cross the massive grounds to the palace, past the guard dogs, the guards on top of the palace and to the room where Lucy was being held.
Logan knew the way to the room, and he knew where the guards were posted.  The five had gone over the plan again and again.  Boone would subdue the dogs, the other three men would take out the guards atop the palace, and the five would enter the building and make their way to Lucy.
Once Lucy was rescued, they would make their way to where Berto and Diego had parked the vehicle, just north of the palace.  From there, the six would head north towards the mountains and into the neighboring country where the private jet awaited to return them to the States.
No one believed for a single moment it would be a cake walk, but they were confident they would succeed.  As soon as the sun was nearing the horizon, but still light enough to see, the five made their way to the palace wall.
Delilah took the lead walking through the marketplace towards the palace.  She hated walking behind the men, plus this allowed Boone to keep her in his line of sight and able to come to her rescue if the need arose.  Boone walked with Logan while Berto and Diego coupled up.  Each grouping stayed separate from the others to give the appearance of not knowing each other.
While anxious to get to the palace and rescue Lucy, Boone took the opportunity to look around.  The city was old.  The marketplace was even older.  Small stores lined the street.  Street vendors crowded the street itself selling everything from housewares to trinkets, plastic bowls to potted plants, and clothing to gold chains.  Small carts sold street food cooked over an open fire.  Dogs scavenged through the trash for scraps.  Mothers held their children at their side by their hands.  Boone had never been outside of the U.S. before and was amazed by the sights and smells of the ancient city.  While not there as a tourist he wanted to remember it all; the stench, the poverty, and soon the contrast of a royal palace.
As the group neared the highway, the crowd lessened.  Delilah could see the once vibrant tiles which lined the bottom halves of the stone-colored buildings; buildings more than a century old.  The marketplace had been so much more crowded when she was there earlier that morning.  She was too busy, too focused on her shopping mission to notice the faded beauty.  At the end of the street cars, carts, camels, and other animals stood as if on guard to the entrance to the road.  It reminded her, in a way, of the markets in New Orleans in the late 19th century, minus the camels of course.
Exiting the market, Delilah looked south down the highway.  She was still amazed at how little the road was utilized by motor vehicles.  And non-motorized conveyances were prohibited on the thoroughfare which led from the main city to the palace.  Delilah checked to ensure her scarf was securely around her face and crossed the concrete road which was stained a reddish brown color from the sand which covered almost every surface.  Heading south, she focused on her destination and the face of Lucy firmly in her mind.  She tried to imagine the smile which would cover Margaret Miner’s face when she and her daughter reunited.  The image of Margaret’s smile gave Delilah the courage and determination to continue.
Delilah knew the men were not far behind her.  One pair would be walking on each side of the road.  Delilah shuffled the canvas shopping bag from one hand to the other.  Inside was her Rummy, her boots and an extra set of clothes and shoes for Lucy.  Delilah’s rope was wrapped around her waist out of sight.  Her new Arab style dagger strapped to her upper leg.
Delilah chuckled at the palm trees which lined both sides of the road.  All were exactly the same distance apart.  All were tall and well beaten by the sand storms which were known to close the city for hours or days.
Delilah wished she was dressed in her jeans and boots.  It was the outfit she felt most confident wearing in these types of situations.  But instead, she was in a black pair of pants covered by a long tunic and black sandals.  She would change into her boots once she reached the palace wall.  She smiled knowing underneath it all she was still sporting her patented red panties and bra.  She smiled her covert act of defiance to the society of men who believed her to be weak and submissive.  Silently she was flipping them the finger.  She smirked at the thought.
After nearly an hour of walking, Delilah was half way past the massive palace grounds.  The army of five had decided to breach the grounds on the south side of the palace wall and go in the entrance closest to where Lucy was being imprisoned.  Delilah would lead the way into the building while Boone distracted the dogs and while Logan, Berto, and Diego stunned the outside guards.  Delilah would distract the guards outside Lucy’s room, stun them and the five would lead Lucy to safety.
Thirty minutes later, the five gathered at the predetermined section of the wall.  Delilah changed into her boots, and everyone readied for the rescue.  They wished each other luck and separated to climb the wall.  Logan looked back for a moment and smiled.  He had secretly taken Boone shopping while Delilah had gone out to procure the weapons.  Logan watched as Boone dropped to one knee and placed a proper engagement ring onto Delilah’s left hand.
“I love you, Delilah,” Boone whispered as he stood.  “Let’s get married at soon as we get home.  I do not want to wait any longer.”
“Yes, Hooxei,” Delilah replied and kissed him ardently.
“It is time,” Logan called out to everyone and breaking up a romantic moment between Boone and Delilah.  Boone hoisted Delilah up onto the wall and then he jumped over.  As soon as Boone landed on the ground he took off running.  Telepathically he called out to the dogs to follow him.  
Even in human form Boone could run fast.  It took only a couple of minutes for Boone to realize something was wrong.  He stopped and looked back towards the palace and the rescue party.  Boone could see Delilah still running towards the building.  He could see Logan, Diego and Berto following Delilah while silently taking out the guards atop the parapet.  Behind the dogs, everything looked as if was going as planned and then he saw something he had not even considered.  Headed towards him was not a pack of guard dogs but a pack of werewolves.
Holy fuck! Boone called out silently and realized he needed to turn wolf to protect himself.  For a split second, he wondered if Logan knew about the werewolves.  Had Logan set them up?  But Boone did not have time to think about being ambushed.  He had to protect himself from the werewolves and then he had to protect Delilah.
Turning wolf only took a few seconds, but they were precious seconds Boone needed to put as much distance between him and the werewolves as possible.  The pack of werewolves was getting closer.  Boone quickly looked around for a place to run.  He needed to lead them away from the palace and from the others.  Boone was large as a wolf, over five feet tall at the shoulder.  But there was only one of him.  He could see at least six ferocious and indomitable werewolves closing in on him.  Boone tried to read their minds.  He attempted to push them, to manipulate them, to stop them from attacking.  But he could only distinguish one thought, one raw, feral instinct.  Not viciousness, not savagery only intense hunger.
As Boone became fully cognizant of the werewolf’s true motive for attacking him, it was too late.  The red glowing eyes of six hungry werewolves were flying through the air straight at him.  Boone was about to be attacked and become their dinner.  Despite his own threat, all he could think of was Delilah.  He had to find her.  But first, he had to protect himself.
Boone reared back and leaped towards the pack of werewolves.  He aimed for the largest of the werewolves, ramming it in the ribs while they both were mid-air and knocking it to the ground.  Landing on the ground Boone kept running towards the palace.  He needed to take refuge inside, but he needed to turn human to open the door and gain access into the building.  Boone had never turned human while running, but he knew he had to try.  Ten yards from the door to the palace Boone concentrated on what he needed to do.  He needed to turn human.  He needed to remember to turn dressed.  He needed to remember the Rummy, which was still in his pants pocket.  He growled and then he turned human.
Stumbling to find his balance on two legs, Boone pushed himself off his knees and off the ground and kept running.  He pushed the latch on the door and nearly laughed, relieved to find it unlocked.  He chuckled at the thought no one expected anyone to get past the guards and the werewolves.  But he had and so had the others.  Smiling, he slammed the door shut just as two of the smaller werewolves ran into it.  Boone did not know if the werewolves could or would turn human and follow him.  And he wasn’t about to take a chance so he locked the door.
It took a few moments for Boone to get his bearings.  He had entered the palace through the first door he had come to, not the door he was supposed to.  Boone started running down the hallway to find Delilah.  Boone knew Lucy was being held on the second floor at the other end of the palace.  Boone ran.  He ran fast.  He prayed to Daddy, or whoever was listening, Delilah and the others were safe.
With his enhanced senses, Boone could hear the commotion ahead of him before he arrived.  He could hear the yelling and the sound of gunfire.  He could smell the gunpowder and the adrenaline of everyone in the room where Lucy was being held.  He ran faster, his heart about to beat out of his chest.  Every fear he could have ever imagined was fueling him to move faster.
Boone moved so fast he was oblivious to the opulence of the palace.  He did not notice the perfectly polished marble floors and the gold ornamentation around him.  He did not see the murals painted on the walls of the royal family who seemed to watch him as he passed by.  He did not see the long flowing red satin and velvet drapes which framed each carved hollow along the corridor.  Instead of the beauty around him, Boone could only sense the danger ahead of him.
Coming down the hall, Boone could see two guards unconscious on the white marble floor just outside the room where Lucy was being held.  He jumped over them and entered the room where Delilah, Lucy, and the others were fighting for their lives.
Just as Boone entered the room, his worst fear came to fruition.  He screamed in horror and did not hesitate to turn wolf.  He did not care about anything or anyone but Delilah.  Subconsciously he knew he could erase the memories of any survivors.  Boone turned wolf as he leaped across the room towards Delilah.  Even for a man who could move seven times faster than a normal human, the scene played out in slow motion around him.  It was like one of those dreams where your legs moved, but your body wasn’t moving forward.  Boone felt frozen in time.  His body was moving through the air but to him, it was taking forever for him to reach Delilah.  His only thought was to protect Delilah or die trying.
Boone swore he could see the trajectory and path of every bullet flying across the room.  The movement of everyone in the room seemed blurred even though he saw everything a clear as could be.  Despite everything happening around him, Boone could only see Delilah.  Every other person in the room was nothing more than supporting actors in the scene playing out before him.  He knew Diego and Berto were killing the guards as fast as they entered the room.  He knew they were drawing attention to themselves so Logan and Lucy could escape.  But consciously, Boone could only see Delilah.
Boone watched in raw terror as Delilah’s body slumped to the ground with blood running from the top of her head through her silky brown hair and further into her frightened and sad ice-blue eyes.  From midair, Boone stared back into Delilah’s eyes which were filled with love and sorrow for him.  On the ground and bleeding, Delilah whispered, “I will always love you, Hooxei.”  Then her eyes fluttered and closed.
Boone landed on the floor next to Delilah and laid his large wolf body over Delilah’s now unconscious body.  He felt a little relief in the fact she was still breathing.  He could not tell how badly she was hurt.  Boone howled as his heart broke into a million pieces.  He felt as if his soul was being ripped from his body.  Delilah was his life.  She was the only thing which mattered to him.
Through his half closed eyes, Boone watched as Diego and Berto fell to the floor riddled with bullets while Logan escaped out the window with Lucy.  Boone howled as he felt the each of the bullets enter his own body.  He knew there was nothing else he could do except to protect Delilah from the bullets flying all around them.
Boone growled one last time in a mixture of love, pain, and sorrow.  And then he stopped breathing.

####

Thank you for reading!

####

Red Palace – The Red Wolf Chronicles (# 2)

Delilah is being held hostage in a Middle Eastern palace.  Her fate is now in the hands of a group of werewolves who are not afraid to die.  She needs to escape but who will come to her rescue?  Believing Boone is dead, she is not certain of her future or how she will live without Boone, the love of her life; her soul mate.  But is Boone really dead?  Only Delilah's father has the power to change their destiny.  Will he answer her prayers or continue to keep her and Boone from being together?  How do Red Palaces, Russians, and werewolves fit into Delilah's past, present and future?  Will love triumph over death?


How to Contact the Author

Want to contact me?  I would love hearing from you.
Send me an email.
Like me on Facebook.
Visit my profile page and interview on Smashwords.
Follow me on Twitter.

Other Books by Rebekah Shelton:

The Legend of the Snow Wolves Series
Emerald Eyes (FREE)
Emerald Knoll
Emerald Cove
Emerald Garden
Emerald Aura
Emerald Haven
Emerald City - The Return
Emerald Nation - Divided
Emerald Reign (coming soon)
Emerald Anarchy (planned)
Book 11 (planned)
Book 12 (planned)

The Red Wolf Chronicles
Red Wolf (FREE)
Red Palace
Red Widow 

The Battle for Zarcon Saga
Raising Avon (FREE)
Shielding Avon
Battling Avon

Operation De-ICE (The Battle for Earth)


