

Redeemed Fallen
My Little Stalker
A Novel 
By: Jesse Robison


With a Special Thanks to…..

I want to say thank you to my family, friends and my King for helping me make my first book possible. Whether they helped plant the ideas or actually helped form the book, I appreciate all of your help!

Redeemed Fallen: My Little Stalker
Written by
Jesse Robison
With assistance from Sandy Wohlert
Copyright 2011 by Jesse Robison
Smashwords Edition

All reproductions of this book without
the author’s consent is strictly prohibited.
Original ideas and final product by Jesse
Robison. This book is licensed for your
personal enjoyment only. This book may not
be re-sold or given away to other people. If you
would like to share this book with another
person, please purchase an additional copy for
each recipient. If you’re reading this book and
did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for
your use only, then please return and purchase
your own copy. Thank you for respecting the
hard work of this author.



Part one

Prelude

Eternity scrambled up the burnt stones, scraping
her knuckles and gagging from the brimstone. Heavy
footsteps echoed behind her. She clawed at the dirt trying to escape.
A large hand grabbed her hair and yanked her off the hill she was climbing, onto the rocks below it. She cringed at the pain, but didn’t yelp like she wanted to.
Eternity glared and gritted her teeth at her captor as he pulled her up by the dirty strands of her hair he held. 
She hung from his hold staring into his eyes with all the revulsion she could muster in her tired state. 
Eternity spit in his face as she tried to yank her hair free from his grasp. Her feet barely touched the ground he now held her above.
With a quick swipe, he struck her across her face,
whipping her face to the side. He hit her again quickly,
this time ripping the hair from her head and dropping her to the ground.
The warrior tossed her hair from his hand aside. Eternity wiped the blood from her face.
She looked up at the man standing over her. The
look in his eyes let her know he meant to kill her.
Eternity gripped the dried dirt under her, digging
her nails down deep into the dusty soil. She pushed her magic, surged it through her. Using what little strength she had left.
The Dark Lord’s man coming towards her, 
stopped as vines started to grow through the dirt underneath his legs and pin his feet to the ground. He looked confused for a second, but then laughed.
The vines that had grown died almost instantly, turning from green to brown, from touching the thick smoke filled air, choking for clean air, and starving from the unhealthy, unsupportive dirt. They crumbled and turned to dust in the air as he continued toward her. This
ground could support no life. Eternity closed her eyes,
cursing her luck.
The man grabbed one of Eternity’s wings, pulling
her from her thoughts. He yanked hard, pulling it from its socket. This time Eternity did yell. She rolled and collapsed back on the ground, face down.
She lay on the ground, growing frantic now. She
couldn’t fly home! No escape. They would catch her and take her back to the dark castle for God knew what tortures!
At these stressing thoughts her mind raced. Her
pulse quickened and sweat beaded on her brow. 
She pulled herself up on all fours shakily as she turned her head to the man watching her with a confident smile on his face.
 She closed her eyes, waiting for her fate. Her breathing turning into gasps of fear at her short lived life span; at all her regrets and things she left behind.
Then, she calmed with the vision of one thing in
her mind. A Redeemer. A man.
Her brows lifted and her face smoothed as she
relaxed. The warrior standing in front of her drew his sword as she laid there motionless in the dirt.
Her mind played memories over and over in
front of her closed eyes. The visions slowed to the last day she saw him. To those sad eyes watching her leave. A single tear rolling down his face. Gabriel.
Rage and desperation surged through her.
She couldn’t walk away from him again. 
Eternity’s eyes opened and lightning danced in her eyes. She called the bolts down and the man was forced back, hitting a rock.
As he laid there unmoving, Eternity was awed by her own power. She had never before called lightning without first calling a storm to bring it forth. Her abilities were growing.
Eternity caught her breath. She was out of strength now. Exhausted. But she couldn’t stop. Not yet. She had to push through this. 
Reaching back she gritted her teeth. Her body was so numb from the pain she felt now, a little more wouldn’t matter. 
She grabbed her wing and took a deep breath. Quickly, she yanked it back in place. She let out her breath after a moment and the pain turned into a hum in her bones. 
Standing, she raised her wings and lifted into the air. She pushed and pumped her wings as hard as she
could, to get the height she needed.
Tears flowed down her face with each pump of
her quickly fixed dislocated wing. The pain was unbearable.
She grinded the sore wing back into place with each pump. But she had to get back to the castle. Her home. 
Gliding the rest of her way home, her wounded wing would heal. It would be healed by the time she reached home. Just a few short hours. A perk of being a Redeemer. She wasn’t worried about the healing, though. She was more worried she couldn’t have the life back that she had given up.

Chapter 1

Eternity wiped the tear streaked, muddy smudges from her face as she walked through the golden gates of the castle front yard.
Dirt turned into smears across her face and hands, from her tears. Her wet lashes, clumped together with soot, left blackened smears across her usually porcelain cheeks. Right now her skin matched the rest of her. Dirty and covered in mud.
Her ice blue eyes glowed through the dirt, however. Her long, dark, midnight color hair hung in knots down her back. Each strand coated in more dirt and blood. Most of which was her own.
Her dark, torn robes still hugged her frame showing her tall, Amazonian size, slim waist, high bosom, strong arms, and long legs. Showing a Redeemer you wouldn’t want to mess with. Even in this state. 
She was also barefoot as she preferred it. It had been a fatal beginning to the already bloody war. Hopefully, she came back just in time to set to right what only she could, in service to her King.
Fear gripped her. She needed HIS forgiveness more than anyone else’s. She knew she had betrayed many people. But HE was a like a father to her and any disappointment she caused HIM, ate away at her. Not to mention a few others.
In the front yard along the walk way, flowers sprang to life all around her feet…flowers that leaned and followed the sunlight throughout the day.
The mud covered Redeemer didn’t really fit in with this beauty. The flowers seemed to taunt and snicker at Eternity as she passed. Like they secretly knew what she had done and they were whispering behind her back. She had grown accustom to this, the feeling of deceit and hatred towards her. She was starting to see it everywhere. The paranoid feeling drooped down over her, adding to her sense of dread of what awaited her.
Even if she was accepted by the King, would the others welcome her so easily? Or would they hate her and whisper in the shadows as well?
Her eyes twitched at every shadow or leaf blowing in the wind. Being on guard the last few years had taken a toll. Even here she couldn’t lower her guard. No matter how safe it was. She was a changed woman, filled with distrust and hatred. Things that did not fit in here.
She hoped, eventually, this would be a place of peace for her again. A cleanser for her troubled soul. Another tear slid down her cheek with each desperate thought.
The flower trail led all the way to the castle doors along cobble stone paths. The stones were plain, but looked to be compressed sand. They also looked brand new, even though Eternity knew of the many people that had walked on these stones. And how many years they had stood under the weather and events here at the castle.
Double doors of stone, that matched the castle itself, stood at the end of the path Eternity walked. The entrance to her true home.
Golden spiraled handles sparkled in the light. The stone of the castle was almost white, it was dried sand to be exact, and when hit by the sun it shone like a white ocean against the sky. It was hard to tell one stone apart from the next in the walls. Each wall looked to be carved from one complete stone.
Runes of a language, long ago forgotten by man, littered every stone built in the castle to protect against dark magic.
At first, they were added for decoration, the symbolism meaning more than was necessary. The definition deep and wise for the majestic keep. The protection magic was now needed. War was upon them.
There were no banners of welcome for Eternity here. No Redeemers waving to her or looking on with happiness in their gazes. No praise for her from others. She deserved nothing. Not after all she had done or caused. And those she had stepped on.
Another tear slid down her face and fell to the ground turning to stone before it hit the ground and bounced off the stones under her. A trail of similar stones followed the path she had walked, like bread crumbs of where she had been.
The unearthly tears of Redeemers didn’t stay liquefied. No matter where they were, or what they tried, they always turned to a rare stone of unimaginable density.
Every empty cottage surrounding her in the yard rang a low note of sadness to her soul. The cottages were empty only because the Redeemers were busy preparing for a war.
Each adult or child pitching in to do what they could. No happy child of a Redeemer ran across the path smiling at her in praise.
Instead, they were busy helping their parents where they were short handed. 
No one had time to trim the gardens or weeds, so each cottage looked worn and in need of attention no one could give.
Much had changed since she left. And a hint of regret flowed through her as she couldn’t help but feel a bit responsible for some of the emptiness.
How she missed those times. Before the war. Wild flowers bloomed around each cottage, morning glories covering the cottage walls, children running around with a new toy or chasing each other, smiles on their little faces, dirt on the clean clothes, mothers frowning at them. Eternity always giggled at the children, knowing they were in for trouble later. She used to be that child after all.
Redeemers would walk through the village,
dodging happy children, waving to their neighbors. They all knew each other by name.
Soldiers who returned from tasks were welcomed home with parties and much rejoicing.
Remembering a time long ago made Eternity feel she was in a different place. She tried to compare the before and after effects of the town. No happiness in the air, no flowers bloomed, ugly vines overgrown on houses and posts, no music in the wind. Everything seemed dreary and dark. Even dead. The same way she felt inside.
The beginning of this war was killing all and every piece of happiness inside her. But it appeared to not just be her. It was hurting everyone’s lives and dreams. Even the castle, which had always shown hope and safety to anyone who looked upon it, looked weary
and under strain.
A new crack here and there appeared in the
flawless stone when you got close enough to see. Vines began to grow at the bottom of the walls and up the sides as if to try and take it over. No gardener was here to stop them from invading. Nature had a long way to go, though. 
The Castle was still winning and still shown as a beacon of light to the surrounding cities or towns even in this state.
This was a small realm compared to a planet like earth, but they had other towns and cities under their protection. There were also a few outside cities, and of course, the rebellion.
After she joined the Dark Lord’s side, Eternity was afraid she would not be forgiven for her treason. Although it was a quick decision for a very good reason, it was still treason.
But answering for her crimes was better than running and she deserved whatever punishment the King saw fit. She would accept her fate. It was in HIS hands.
However, maybe HE could forgive her. And maybe….. HE could find a way that she could be reinstated to her old post and duties. Or at least a post. Anything to be where she knew she belonged. But would she be allowed to stay?
She wanted nothing more than to help destroy the Dark Lord and his armies. All of them. Especially the warrior who had tried to stop her. But she couldn’t shake her fear of rejection from her mind. Oh well, only one way to find out, she thought as she took another step toward the door.
She just couldn’t face being turned away. She would rather die than be denied entrance here. Her guilt flooded her, making another tear fall. Her hands started to tremble, so she tensed them into a fist at her side to stop them.
Eternity hung her head in defeat as she walked up the steps to the castle’s double doors that would lead into the Great Hall.
Hesitation was evident in her every step. Her night colored wings drug the ground behind her, stirring up dust and dirt after her in swirls and spirals in the sun light.
Mud hung to each dark feather, dripping onto the ground. She took a deep breath and tried to stay calm. 
Raising her head, she reached the doors and stopped. Fear pumping through every vein in her body.
Want and guilt battled for her actions. Fight or flight impulses tried to take control of her head telling her to run. But she fought them. What if…. She hesitated.
Without warning, the doors burst open in front of her and light poured through and all around her.
Comfort and love flooded into her very being. It spread in waves. Constantly. It was too much for Eternity. She couldn’t hold the tears back any longer.
She fell to her knees as the light faded slowly, and faintly she began to visualize a man in robes appearing.
HIS white hair flowed down HIS shoulders, spilling over HIS silver robes. HIS kind, wise, blue eyes never left hers. HE was tall for an older man, and strong, still showing HE had some fight left in HIM. You could see HE was still built to ride a war horse and lead an army to victory; by the way HE walked with confidence and HIS muscles bulging in HIS chest.
HIS robes pushed out around HIS build, but it was partially covered by HIS beard. HIS strong arms, that could still carry a man twice HIS size, swayed at HIS sides. HE looked like a very tall and large dwarf.
HIS leather boots were dirty from a hard day’s work. HE liked to be seen as an equal, even though HE was clearly King and no one forgot that.
Her King walked up to her. A smile on HIS kind face. HE put HIS hand on Eternity‘s shoulder.
“Rise, Eternity.” Eternity could not hold back the sob that escaped her lips.
As Eternity made it to her feet, her King grabbed her into a fierce embrace. Eternity had finally returned. And just in time! For Gabriel’s sake.
The King felt the first sign of relief since the war had started. Finally, a good sign. A sign of hope.
They hugged fiercely until they both were
crying. Tears flowing quietly, but this time it was tears of joy.
Mud still dripped onto the floor and now the King’s robes. The King didn’t mind, though. Their tears turned to stone and bounced off the stones below them, sounding like rain. HE squeezed her extra tight just because she was home again.
“Eternity, I know about your brother and your feeling obligated to follow him. We can do nothing for him now, though, and I’m sorry. However,” the King put Eternity at arm’s length, “He made his choice. I’m just glad you finally followed your own. Come. You are always welcome. No one is barred from here.”
Eternity walked with her King into the Great Hall as the doors closed slowly behind them, echoing their closing to the empty room.
Forgiveness glowing on the King’s face, poured hope into Eternity’s soul. ‘A welcome back party needs to be planned,’ the King thought to HIM-self. But it would have to wait until after the trial.
Eternity felt hope and happiness, for the first time in years, flow through her again. As the doors closed behind her, she finally felt welcomed back. The first sign of forgiveness.
Gabriel stood in a dark hallway, watching the pair walk through the Great Hall and out through a back hallway. Shock quickly turned into a smile across his lips.
Eternity had finally stood up to her brother and come home. It was about time. Life began to come back into Gabriel. He breathed deep, ready for anything once again.
His large shoulders relaxed. He ran a hand
through his dark, shoulder length, curly hair. He smiled and a dimple appeared in his cheek and his green eyes brightened.
Gabriel turned and left to go tell his brothers the great news. Eternity was back.

Chapter 2

Eternity stood in her old chambers. It was full of happy memories from a life that seemed so far out of reach. Yet one she desperately wanted back.
She was full of regret. Evident by any onlooker glancing upon her sorrow filled face. Her eyes screamed with the want of being accepted. But so far, each Redeemer had understood her choice, by show of a small smile her way or a hug.
A tear of relief fell down her cheek as she reminisced. Eternity shook her head. She had done enough crying, she was stronger than this.
Decorated in an ancient Roman style, her chambers had marble floors and white pillars at each corner. White and burgundy silk wrapped the bed with fabrics hanging from the ceiling encasing it and furs warming the cool floor.
Dark burgundy colors flashed against the white walls. Flowers grew in vases by the bed. It was a beautiful room, old, yet it told a new story. She loved this time era. At least style wise. ‘I am a girl as well as a fighter,’ she thought to herself.
Leaning on the doorway, Gabriel watched her patiently. Eternity was looking at every nook and cranny of the room. It was her way of trying to say goodbye to this life and start anew. But you could tell she just wanted this life back. To redo her mistakes and pick up where she left off. But it wasn’t always that easy.
Sometimes you were left with pieces and you had to put your puzzle of a life back together no matter how many pieces were missing.
He was still wondering if they could pick up where they left off. He missed his best friend. And she was great to have at your back in a fight. But he didn’t have time to talk to her before her trial. Besides she wasn’t ready for anyone pushing her for answers just yet.
When Gabriel had approached her last night after she had returned and settled back into her untouched chambers, her eyes looked tired as she stared at the floor. Yet he could see the fear in her eyes as she turned and spotted him. He could feel her pain and fear of his judgment on her. She didn’t speak as she stood there and neither did he.
Gabriel just raised his arms and she nodded her head walking over to him, trying to hide the tears. She leaned into him as he hugged her and he let her cry.
They didn’t talk much. He wasn’t sure what had happened there to her, but she had gone through a lot escaping. She had taken a beating. Not to mention the years spent there. Gabriel could only imagine what it was like. But there was more emotionally he thought, with her brother.
He couldn’t bother her yet with small questions. At least she had still come to him when she needed a friend. Or a shoulder to cry on.
Coming back to the present he watched her still. Her movements were graceful as her robes drug the floor as she paced, waiting for her trial. 
Her hair was floating on the air, defying gravity as it did when she was in an extreme emotional state. It would have been floating last night but it was so caked with mud it couldn’t move. But when it did move, it looked like black wispy clouds in a windy sky.
Her hair was so long it drifted and floated down her back, wrapping around her robes and occasionally her wrists like bracelets.
Her light blue eyes iced over her fears, hiding them, showing a stubbornness he envied. Her perfect chin held high, her Elvin nose twitched like she could smell her favorite flower.
Her white skin contrasted with her dark hair; she seemed to glow.
Eternity stopped at the only window in her
room. Her favorite part. The window showed you any scene you wanted. Today it showed a heather strewn field of Scotland, which contradicted the style of room, but that was Eternity for you. She liked what she liked.
The sun was shining down on the heather fields that blew in the wind. Purple waves mimicked the ocean in the breeze.
A castle lay on a hill back on the line of vision where shadows blended with shapes against a sea. A row of trees layered the background leading into a vast forest of royal wildlife and game.
Her hair seemed to float on a breeze that blew through, carrying the scent of wild flowers.
Eternity sighed and finally turned to face Gabriel. Fear shown in her gaze again. Gabriel walked toward her, but stopped just outside any comfort bubble she had erected. He didn’t want to scare her off after just getting her back. But he was here to comfort her.
It was like a dream that she was here and he didn’t want to wake up and have her gone, out of his life…again.
Eternity stared into his green eyes searching for any sign of shame or hatred toward her. But she only found a strange new emotion. One of regret. She understood the emotion well. But why did Gabriel feel it?
“I’ll check in on you now and then. Just to make sure you don’t screw up too much.” Laughter sprang into his eyes then. And she longed to see him laugh like he used to.
“You seem sure that I’ll get that chance,” she almost whispered.
 Gabriel answered her, “If anyone does, you do.”
Eternity smiled. She hadn’t smiled in so long. She hadn’t felt a need or a want to …. in a long time.
Eternity walked past Gabriel to her chamber door. She turned one last time to look at him. He stared at her just as intensely as she did. Both of them wanting to speak what their hearts were screaming, but not yet sure of what it was telling them.
Instead, she tried to remember him. His gleaming silver armor, his huge size standing over her, his green eyes, his black hair with a slight curl that dusted his shoulders, his folded wings dark feathered behind him, just like hers, so regal.
His white smile, his humor, his presence …. She would miss him in this lifetime she was to walk alone in.
Eternity stood up proud at this thought. She would walk it alone and prove her beliefs, honor, and loyalty to herself, her King…to Gabriel.
Gabriel noticed the change and nodded in approval. She was ready. But why was she eyeing him like that?
Eternity turned to walk toward the Great Hall, but stopped. She hesitantly called out over her shoulder, “I will miss you, Gabriel.”
She left for the Great Hall then, not waiting for a reply, too embarrassed she’d spoken that thought aloud. ‘Stupid, stupid, stupid,’ she thought to herself.
“I will miss you too,” Gabriel spoke to the walls of her room. He too, looked around at her room then. 
He missed how it was before this war. The good old days, the unending laughter, and happiness. Just like Eternity missed it. But it would be that way again. He would personally see to restoring all that to this realm. The happiness, the peacefulness. He would help end this war. It had ruined everything in his life. 
He sighed, it wasn’t just his life it ruined, but he had grown so selfish in the last years. Brooding over a sadness he couldn’t quite fix.
But he was back. And so was Eternity, his best friend. He would straighten himself back out to the old him. If Eternity could do it, so could he.
As for Eternity, he would be there for her every second during her trial. Just in case she needed him.
Musing on this, he walked over to her window and put his hands on the sill. Little stones hit his hand and more were strewn across the sill.
Gabriel picked one up in his hand and stared at it. When the light hit it, little rainbows played inside, almost like a diamond.
He placed the stone back down on the sill untouched and turned to head to the Great Hall also.
He took a few steps before he realized there
were people in the doorway. His brothers stood there. Michael, Raphael, Uriel, & Azriel.
Michael stepped forward, the oldest of them, and laid his hand on his brother’s shoulder. “Come Gabriel, let’s go see Eternity off.”

Chapter 3

Eternity stood in the Great Hall. The room
hadn’t changed its’ regal interior. Pews were brought in for special occasions, like today for her peers. They were hand carved by fellow Redeemers with free time.
Precious stones were placed on the arms and legs. The wood always smelled freshly cut too, so the whole room smelled of fresh pine. It reminded Eternity of Christmas, her favorite holiday. The food and snow, the joy and love of everyone. The best part for Eternity, though, was giving presents! She loved seeing the reactions of people when she got them a gift from the heart. 
She hated getting presents because she never acted like a girl. She always felt she let the person down because she didn’t react big enough to prove to them that she liked their present. Oh well, she needed to reminisce later. She had a bigger problem to face now.
She stood in the middle of the giant, circular room before a throne with the pews around her. The throne was handmade to perfection, but not richly adorned. Its solid, dark oak structure emanated authority to anyone who glanced its way. 
It stood on a raised platform higher than anyone else would sit. The throne appeared to be alive the way it carved itself at all hours of the day. The base twisted itself, showing in its splendor only what hard work could achieve.
The pictures and forms it evolved into were
memories of the castle. All happy times you would want to see again and again.
With so many memories it cycled through, though, you would probably only see a memory once in your lifetime.
Redeemers would look at it and get lost for hours. It had actually happened before.
She tried to hide a small smile as she thought of the few Redeemers she had to help drag away from it before they started drooling.
The tree grew right into the wall becoming one with the castle itself. Once the King sat on the throne, it would form around HIM making the perfect chair just for HIM. No one else could achieve this. It was like HE and Mother Nature were one.
She grew sad at this thought, but tried to focus. Too many lives were lost already. She didn’t need to think about another.
Behind the throne stood a stained glass window that constantly changed, but had sunlight shining through it at all hours. Which was strange at night, but it had a way to make you feel welcome in this room.
It was always warm, and a sense of home
floated in the air.
Today it showed the first days of the kingdom. The King overlooking production, the stones being heaved in, the many Redeemers helping. The likeness of each Redeemer was amazing. Especially in the glass. This effect was hard to achieve for any skilled artisan, but magic helped a bit here. 
Colors shifted and flashed. It was beautiful to see. Like a movie, many would sit in the pews and watch the window as well. It helped clear your thoughts, some said. Or it helped ease a fear, others told.
Eternity had always liked that the light shone through onto the room’s floor, warming it. She had come here at night many times to dance bare foot on the warm open floor.
The walls of the room were white and plain, but sparkled like stars. It reminded the onlooker of white snow strewn across hills, warming in the sun. The little flakes catching the sun’s rays at different times perfectly. It accented the ceiling, which was the best part.
The ceiling reflected the night and day sky mirroring the exact time of day on Earth. It showed an evening sky at the moment. The stars just popping out against a darkening background. The sun just leaving over the edge of the ceiling. A calm mood radiated from above.
HE came in the room then and sat in the throne. The King of this realm. HIS robes poured onto the floor, flowing like flowers opening in the morning light. They appeared longer than they really were.
HIS silver hair laid over HIS shoulders and down HIS back. HIS blue eyes squinted as HE peered through HIS spectacles on HIS nose and smiled at Eternity. HE looked around happily to all. Creating another calming ingredient in the room. Yet Eternity stood in front of HIM just short of shaking.
Around her, her peers quieted and looked intently at her with forgiveness in their eyes. It was clear what everyone wanted and thought. HIS verdict would be well received then.
Ready to begin, the King leaned forward and opened HIS mouth to speak. However, HE closed it just as quickly, as Gabriel entered the room. 
He was in full battle attire. His silver armor gleaming, his black hair dusting his shoulders with war braids. His jaw set and unmoving. His black crow-like wings folded behind his back… But something was missing.
As the King studied him, Gabriel smiled. The King rolled HIS eyes. Gabriel and his dramatic efforts. But the King would play his game for now, because it had been so long since Gabriel had seemed to really live. He needed to act like his old self, to resurrect who he was.
Gabriel raised his arm up and gripped the air. The gripped air solidified into a sword hilt. The air swirled into spirals as the blade, formed from unearthly metals, became visible. The silver sword matched his armor. The size of it matched his strength. The angelic writing on it enhanced all its attributes. The blood of his fallen enemies, many but necessary, had been wiped and the sword shined to its utmost glory. He was very proud of this sword.
He sheathed the celestial sword as his brothers came in behind him. Gabriel stood guard by the Great Hall’s entrance, while his brothers took a seat.
Gabriel guarded the way Eternity would walk through to the golden gate. He stood as still as a statue of history, with no emotion on his face. Gabriel then glanced away from the King and glanced about the room. He looked at his fellow Redeemers. All in attendance for Eternity. It made his heart swell.
One Redeemer in particular caught his eye. She was sitting in the back row and she was looking intently at Eternity. Gabriel had never seen her before. She had long dark hair and powerful blue eyes. She was also very beautiful. Her silver wings were tucked neatly behind her.
He turned back to Eternity. He wasn’t surprised there were more Redeemers here he didn’t know. He had been so busy the last few decades he had missed a lot of new comers.
The King knew Gabriel had changed drastically in the last few hours since Eternity had come back. Life was in his eyes again. He had been so dead the years or so Eternity had been gone. Always taking any mission. Always busy or ready to get busy. He never had time to sit and think.
His face never showed any emotion. And when he wasn’t busy he seemed to hide from the sunlight. Anything that might remind him of happiness. The King figured this was the point, however. He didn’t want to sit too long to think of the past. To think of her.
HIS eyes drifted back to Eternity. HE could see in her eyes the fear, yet want of this chance. The need of it. She was ready and she would exceed all expectations in her quest.
HE had immense faith in her abilities. She just needed to believe in herself and she would succeed in all she tried to accomplish.
“Eternity,” the King started as the room quieted even more, impossible, though, it seemed, “You are not a traitor. We all know why you chose the path you did. However, that said, we need to know deep down, knowing the pros and the cons, which side your heart is choosing. Not your head. Will family, faith, or love control your decision?”
The King paused, “So to start over with a clean slate without any of “these” factors, you will
complete one lifetime as a mortal. We will go through everything differently. You will have a family who loves you and helps you grow. You will attempt love many times, while faith and loyalty will battle for your decision. We will know at the time of your death which side you belong to.”
Eternity nodded her head, grateful for this
chance. Her peers around her sending her silent congratulations for her chance. She had won her trial in everyone’s eyes. This was her second chance. And she would triumph.
When she looked back up, the old King was
already by her side. HE was as silent as HE was swift.
“Come Eternity. It is time.” HE wrapped an arm around her, lovingly. Eternity let her King guide her toward the open doors.
Everyone around her waved goodbyes and
good luck.
They passed Gabriel as they headed for the
gates. No words passed between the two. Their goodbyes were already spoken, so what was left to say?
The King watched Eternity out of the corner of HIS eye as they walked. HE leaned down to whisper in her ear as they neared the gate, “Just a reminder. You won’t remember anything during your sentence. This is proven from years of trials gone right. But, proven from a few that went horribly wrong, if you should figure it out, you will forfeit the trial becoming a…” the King could not bring HIM-self to say the word a second time. Eternity was no traitor. She would not be cast out of HIS kingdom. But there were rules for a reason, and she was no exception. The King knew she would do great. HE knew it was in her to be amazing. HE could sense her power growing to its normal level again.
In that moment the King glimpsed regret in her eyes. But for what? HIS decision was fair. Everyone agreed with HIM. HIS verdict was just, what else did she want HIM to do? HE couldn’t just let her in; it wasn’t fair to the other Redeemers.
Eternity turned her head. No of course, HE
thought. The regret was for the one thing she couldn’t bring.
As the King followed her eyes, HE wasn’t
surprised to see her gaze on Gabriel. What HE was
surprised to see was that Gabriel’s eyes had never left Eternity. It was just another piece of evidence of the powerful secret between them yet to happen. Their heads just hadn’t caught up yet to their hearts. HE had seen this evidence all throughout their childhood.
Eternity turned back to the King and spoke,” I am ready.” HE glimpsed it then. In her eyes. She did love Gabriel.
Chapter 4

Azriel was up early the next morning walking the castle grounds. It was his way of waking up. His favorite spot was the beach. It calmed his mind. So soothing. He loved the sound of the water as he closed his eyes and just listened. The feeling of the sand bending under his feet. The wind blowing his hair around him, skimming over his skin.
He would walk down in just a robe wrapped around his waist, stopping at his knees, a pad of paper in his hand, and his favorite quill. He had the urge to draw this morning and the water always gave him inspiration.
The waves seemed to lick at the walls of the
castle; the beach was so close to it.
Azriel took one step into the sand and stopped. The sand was still cool from the night before. He liked the feel of warmed sand from the sun in the middle of the day better on his bare feet than this, but so did everyone else. It was too crowded during the day. So he would suffer with cold sand to clear his head.
His white hair blew in the breeze behind him. He loved his hair long. It reached to his hips. He had never changed it nor felt a need. Besides with all his white tattoos on his dark silver skin, his white hair made them stand out. He thought they were beautiful.  Not just the appearance, but their meaning.
His grey eyes stared out at the horizon trying to focus on the unending sea. His white wings relaxed behind him.
He took another step and he felt something
under his bare feet. He lifted his foot and squatted.
Wiping the sand away from his foot print he found a large locket. He picked it up and turned it over, examining it.
The cool metal was rusted and the shapes were hard to make out. But this locket was definitely made for someone special, you could tell that much. It had so much effort and care put into it, carpentry wise. Someone put a lot of love into making it.
It was a little heavy, matching the size. Why
would someone want a locket so big? He pried it open and dust blew into the breeze. 
‘It was that old that whatever was inside had disintegrated?’ He thought.
Azriel took a seat and started drawing the hunk of metal. It meant a lot to someone at one time, inspiration in a thought.
Once finished, he stood and tossed it back into the ocean. A fitting grave place, he thought. Whoever it belonged to was long gone.
A frown appeared across his face but he shook his head to be free of the uninspiring feeling. He continued walking the beach as the waves and sand ate up any evidence of the locket.

Chapter 5

20 years later

Ettie sat in her Mustang on the edge of a cliff overlooking her city. The car was an older model Mustang about mid 90’s. Right after the fox body style.
It was cheaper to go with an older style, plus it had a few things that needed fixing, so still cheaper, and now she had her dream car.
A lot of people told her it was a waste. To go with a Cobra or GT, that a regular Mustang was a waste to fix up. That she needed to get a newer model. But she bought this car, made payments and it was her first sports car. She was going to make this her baby and redo everything. She would also have it till she died. She wanted to be buried in it. She smiled at the thought.
Silverdale was a small town in southern Kansas. Population of a couple hundred. But Ettie loved it.
Her neighbors were far apart, no big crowds at the gas station or at their small convenience store, and only a few stoplights. They did have a Wal-Mart and a few fast foods restaurants on their square, but that was it.
From up here on this cliff, you could watch
the whole town work. All the tiny people, or ants, going about their lives building their own little ant hill.
She took out her camera from her purse and
snapped a picture here and there. She had a cheap camera from Wal-Mart that she used for her favorite hobby. It would be great, though, to get paid for something you loved.
But the camera could do anything- pictures,
video, mp3, recording, etc. It was amazing in a tight spot, so she always kept it with her, constantly.
The windows were down, car off, and slow
music playing. Soft melodies floated through the wind, no city’s noises or smells, all clean and natural. This is what relaxed her.
She lowered her camera and sat it in the seat next to her. It was Saturday morning. After a long night of crying and arguing, she had broken up with another loser.
Well, technically, he had found another woman before leaving her, but hey. She found out about the two of them and did his dirty work for him.
No one ever seemed perfect or even fit right in her life. Or even halfway fit into her life. No matter how hard she tried to make it work.
Ettie had even taken the whole next week off from work, her only vacation week of the year, to go on a trip with this bone head to try and give him a chance, but obviously she couldn’t even make it that far with him. So, she would stay home and wallow in self-pity for a whole week. Just what she needed.
She sighed. So now what would she do? Go
back to work? The idea of going back to the library
wasn’t quite appealing to her right now.
A part of her wanted to take advantage of the whole week and do nothing, but after this she would just sink into depression. ‘I need to stay busy,’ she thought.
She laid her head back on the head rest. The
wind blew in, carrying the scent of honeysuckles and other wild flowers through her car. Blowing her hair around her face.
She looked out over the city, just watching it work again. The sun rising behind it, casting shadows over roads and buildings. It always reminded her, sitting up here, of when she was doing a puzzle and looking at the box to see the whole picture. The answer was right there, yet impossible to solve without all the pieces.
Ettie closed her eyes and said her 100th prayer for a sign that could at least lead her to a man that wouldn’t lead to pain. Maybe someone could throw in good looks and charm to the mixing pot. She wasn’t picky, but it helped.
After she was done, she sighed. Maybe she
didn’t have a true love. Ettie smirked, maybe…., ‘I’m the ironic case of ‘my true love is either dead or gay so I’m screwed’, she thought. Prince charming was never coming. No happy ending for her. Although she often dreamed of one she was meant for. What girl didn’t, though?
Ettie leaned up and finally started her car. She slowly backed out and started her slow drive home. At least she cleared her head before going home. Maybe she relieved a little stress.
Almost to the bottom of the hill, something
brushed her shoulder. Ettie glanced, as well as she could while driving, at her shoulder. Seeing nothing, she continued on her way home, not thinking about it again.

Chapter 6

Ettie got out of her Mustang in her driveway. She made sure it was locked, always double checked, and walked up her front steps to her door.
No flowers grew along her house or walkway. That would require work at home and when you live by yourself and after coming home from a long day at work, you really lose any motivation to do so.
The house was a peachy, tan color that was sun faded. A line of trees was about a hundred feet behind her house in a half circle. Only an oak tree was within that circle next to the left side of the house. It provided shade into her bedroom and kitchen. It was perfect in the morning when it was so bright, yet still cool out.
It was only a two bedroom, two bathroom house with the living room first, dining room and kitchen off to the left, and the two bedrooms down a hallway off the living room.
With her salary, she had okay furniture of dark green and matching drapes with white walls and carpets. Her pictures she had taken littered the walls for her own enjoyment.
The living room had a medium size T.V. in front of the couch with bookcases surrounding it. Each full of many romance novels she had read. And each novel raised her standards for a man higher and higher until she awaited a dark rider on horseback to rescue her from this life and take her back to his castle to live in blissful happiness and adventure.
All the kitchen supplies were hand me downs from her family because cooking wasn’t really her strong suit, so new appliances weren’t at the top of her list.
Her bedroom was a girl room. The walls were an Easter blue color. Stuffed animals and clothes everywhere. Only a few sets of jewelry, though. She hated switching them out. And only a few pairs of shoes were lined up in front of her bed.
A few personal items were scattered around, all telling different stories of her past.
The extra bedroom was a spare bedroom that would remind you of a hotel room. Nothing exciting and no mementoes. Just available for a guest.
After fiddling with her keys and purse, she
unlocked her door and walked into her living room while shutting and locking the door. You could say she was over compulsive with locks. Always checking and double checking. It may not be necessary in a small town, but she was never robbed.
She tossed her purse on the couch and made her way to the kitchen.
Once the purse hit the couch, she heard and saw a flash. She sighed and kept walking. One of her many passions was photography. She never went anywhere without that camera, but it was more trigger happy than she was. Her camera just took another picture of the inside of her purse. Ugh.
She grabbed some munchie food and a soda from the kitchen and while walking into the living room she plopped into the chair next to the couch as she flipped on the TV.
Her favorite shows were always on. Law and Order or NCIS. She loved Gibbs and Elliot. Both for totally different reasons. But still loved them.
Another Saturday night ahead spent alone and well…. empty. She tried not to dwell on her current situation. She tried to focus on the episodes she watched, like she was in them. But after a couple episodes, Ettie drifted off into a little nap.
Once in restful sleep, her dream became one she was used to being haunted with. It was wonderful, a complete feeling of a dream, but a hint of something missing. 
She stood in a white room, alone. It was blurry and incomplete, but felt like home. She spun, looking for anyone, looking for a specific someone. But who, she didn’t know.
Confusion clouded her mind. She grew anxious. She couldn’t speak a word. Opening her mouth, she tried to make a sound, but her throat just closed. Panic made her pulse quicken.
Then, a bright light gleamed from a corner of the room. Even though it burned to look at, Ettie stared it down, unafraid.
With the light piercing her skin, burning, she couldn’t look away. She didn’t want to look away. She needed the light to see her, for some unknown reason and wanting.
Heat seared through her body radiating waves of pain. Her knees started to shake, but she held herself in place. Unmoving, unbending to it, proud of her own strength, she held her ground before it, unafraid even with the pain. She raised her chin as the light pierced her soul, seeming to tear her apart.
When it was almost unbearable, she started to see a form. Definitely male, his walk said it all. Strong, tall, confident, a fighter, a guardian…. Color came next. Dark hair, tan skin, were those….wings? But it never came into focus. Nor could she concentrate through the pain of it. Except… for the eyes. They pierced through the blurry vision and locked on to Ettie’s.
The sadness and regret in those eyes made her heart clench, but the reasoning behind it…. Was on the tip of her tongue.
She felt this feeling with the same intensity as he did. Linked with this being for these few seconds it felt like…. She woke up with a start.
She sat up on the couch, breathing heavily like after a good run. Her head spun with what she had just dreamed. 
Ettie had never had a problem sleeping, because these dreams were a norm for her. She had no idea what they meant and each was different. Who was this man she needed to look at through all that pain? Like she needed another man. They were all losers.
But she couldn’t shake those eyes from her
memory. They would haunt her for a while. The whole dream would, but especially those eyes. She laid back down and slowly let her thoughts pull her back to sleep.

Chapter 7

“Beep! Beep! Beep!” Ettie’s watch alarm blared in her ear. She jerked awake and pressed all the buttons on her watch until the sound stopped. Ettie rubbed her eyes and yawned. 
The TV slowly over powered her sleepy ears and came into focus. Her arm fell down beside the couch as she thought to herself. She had wanted to nap, but her watch had other plans, obviously.
She didn’t mind sleeping on the couch. It was comfy and warm. Plus, she was lazy and didn’t want to walk all the way back to her room. ‘It was so far,” she thought to herself pitifully.
Ettie slowly got up and made her way to the bathroom. She got ready for the day as usual. A shower, clean clothes, make-up, and hair. She didn’t know why she got all ready. She was planning on being lazy and doing nothing. Seeing no one. Oh well.
An hour later she walked through her living room and felt something brush her shoulder again. Ettie looked towards her shoulder and saw nothing.
She was always having these brushing sensations. Like something was touching her, but nothing was ever there. Was she going crazy?
She caught a glimpse through her living room windows when she turned her head. The sky was becoming cloudy. Perfect in pictures. You can catch the sun coming through the clouds. This was her favorite time and she always grew excited in this weather for her photographic results.
Ettie, in a hurry now, grabbed some lunch from the kitchen. She ate it pretty quick, not wanting to miss good pictures before it started raining. Couldn’t have electronics in the rain too long, ya know.
Then, she grabbed her purse and camera, checked her locked door twice, and left for her favorite trail.
Lying past rows of cornfields, just outside of town, her favorite trail called to her. The original name of the trail had long ago been forgotten, but the townspeople called it Silverdale Park. What made it a park, Ettie had no idea. It was just a bunch of bike trails, but, maybe to everyone that lived here, it was as close as you got to a park. And being the closest trail Ettie knew of, she always went there. She never really even looked for another. But it was perfect.
The trees were tall, but you could still see the sky through their leaves. Sometimes there’d be trees on one side and a field on another that flowed for what seemed like forever. Like a green ocean bending in the wind.
There was also a little creek towards the end that little minnows would swim in, chased by frogs. Sometimes she would watch them and it would seem like they stared back. They never posed for good photos, though.
Music blaring, windows down, and clouds
rolling in, Ettie finally pulled into the gravel drive of her favorite trail. No one else was parked here, so she would not be disturbed.
With her boy trouble already forgotten, she
parked the car, smiling. She put her purse behind her seat. She hated carrying it with her, it getting in the way constantly, but she didn’t want it stolen in the car. She would kill someone if they dented or broke a window on her baby. Let alone steal anything of hers, but yeah, she was more worried about the car.
She grabbed her camera and locked and shut her door. Ettie turned and started down the trail looking and snapping away immediately.

Chapter 8

“My Lord,” Beldane spoke confidently. His deep voice reverberating off the dark walls.
Beldane was bowing in front of his Lord’s throne. A dark, burnt, dead tree twisted in a look of agony and pain. Dark magic scrawled and carved into its’ trunk all the way up its’ branches, the deepness and brutality of the markings into the tree just looked painful. Since the tree was already dead, no harm would come to it, but the magic was very powerful, protecting the one who sat in the built-in throne.
Beldane’s Lord was not King, but he believed he was destined to be. This was the reason of their rebellion. The Dark Lord’s followers fought for this belief without question….to the death. It started the war and now he would never stop. Even if he died, his followers would still carry out his mission of uprooting the current King for a new one.
He could taste the victory of owning the
kingdom everyone thought was so high and mighty. And the look of all of HIS followers as slaves made The Dark Lord smile.
The ground Beldane knelt on was burnt and black. It cracked here and there, glowing red. The ground underneath being a substance similar to magma. The heat would kill a mere mortal. But Redeemers could withstand a bit more. Well most of a Redeemer. Their feathers died almost instantly hitting the deathly air. So their wings were dark and bald looking. Fitting this realm.
The pillars in the hall billowed smoke towards the ceiling. Curling, dark clouds rained soot on the ground. It made it hard to breath. But a dark Redeemer got used to it if he wanted to live here.
No plants ever bloomed here. Hell damned the place. No animals, no life except that which could survive in a volcanic cave. A few dark sinister creatures were raised here, but rarely left. Few dark Redeemers had even seen the creatures, so rumors of what there were had yet to leak past the gates. They were, however, being readied and trained for a brutal war and never relenting attacks, continuing until they died. Their bellows could be heard throughout the crumbling castle from the rooms below. Hinting at their breed.
The Dark Lord stared at Beldane. The traitor’s brother. Beldane was one of his favorite comrades. One of his first loyal followers. And perfect at his job and every mission.
The Dark Lord had just wanted a larger number on his side and so he told Beldane he could bring his sister. ‘She could be turned,’ Beldane said and the Dark Lord had every reason to believe in Beldane’s abilities. But he should have denied the request. He only wanted loyal followers here. And she proved hard to turn. She had escaped in the night. A traitor!
Boris had boasted of seeing her. He said he even tried stop her. Around this part he snickered, and he had cracked his red knuckles. All that showing off had gotten them nothing. The Dark Lord had to prove a point. He would tolerate no failure.
So while Boris was laughing with his buddies, the Dark Lord raised his hand, and then twitched it. Boris screamed as the Dark Lord just stared. Boris fell to the floor as he coughed up blood. The Dark Lord walked away, unhindered or tired. He was very powerful. And he was not afraid to show it off.
The Other Redeemers tried to help Boris, but could do nothing as he died on the floor, choking on his own blood. He served as a perfect example of how the Dark Lord handled failure of any kind.
The Dark Lord seethed coming back to the
present. He would personally like to kill Eternity himself. And he could use his power, but he needed a clear shot to her, within his line of vision. This was work for an undercover agent. Plus, he had more pressing issues at hand with the war. But she still needed to be handled.
She had little Intel on their numbers and
strategies, but that wasn’t the only reason to kill her. No one betrayed the Dark Lord and lived. Ever. It was pride, mainly. But Beldane had asked personally for the mission to take care of her. He, too, felt as the Dark Lord. But worse, for he was betrayed by his own flesh and blood. So the Dark Lord had fulfilled Beldane’s request. He could redeem himself for his earlier failure.
“Beldane….you have always been by my side, my dearest friend, my most loyal follower.”
His Lord sighed. “But your sister,” he paused, “That disappointment, I need you to deal with.” His Lord sneered, “A traitor to both….sides. She’s mine by right,” he mumbled the last part.
Beldane never faltered, looking into his Lord’s eyes. It’s how his Lord could read emotions, decipher loyalties, lies… one of the Dark Lord’s most prized powers. But Beldane always passed with flying colors for his Dark Lord. Even though Beldane knew this was all his fault, his Lord spared his life, for his loyalty and for his want to redeem himself.
His Lord also knew that Beldane would be the best for this mission. He took Eternity’s betrayal personally, as they were twins. Their bond was deep, binding, so the pain was worse than anything anyone could inflict physically.
Beldane was strong and it should be easy for him to kill an unsuspecting mortal such as Eternity. So this should be a quick and fulfilling mission for him.
Before the war started, Eternity always
understood him, Beldane. She was always there for him, loved him, listened to him, and tried to make the others see his side. They were meant to be together forever.
But Gabriel. That love was apparently greater than her own flesh and blood. Beldane hated Gabriel almost just as much as Eternity now. Beldane would also welcome the mission to dispose of him as well.
Gabriel was like a disease. Everyone loved him and he excelled in everything. No one even noticed Beldane during their entire childhood. He tried to get attention the right way, but no cared.
He knew he was always different and he blamed Gabriel mostly for it. And for showing Beldane’s shortcomings to everyone.
“I will not fail you,” Beldane nodded and spoke to the Dark Lord. He stood, turned, and left the throne room. Those words were an oath. Succeed or die trying. And Beldane would do one or the other. He would not stop until the job was done. Besides, this was his second chance. It was only fair. If he failed, the Dark Lord would kill him anyway.
Beldane walked to his quarters and prepared. He strapped his black steel armor on. It glistened in the fires in his room. A few new runes melted into the metal blended into the old runes tattooed on his arms and chest. A few of the runes protected Beldane, but others enhanced his powers.
The spells he favored needed a power he was not born with. And he was never able to forget his weaknesses, thanks to everyone who pointed them out over the years. He seethed to himself at his own luck. His twin had amazing power while he had little. His life was full of unfairness.
The armor he wore was almost dark enough to blend into his hair that hung long and loose over his shoulder and down his chest and back, tangled and un kept. He almost looked like a rock star of the 80’s. His messy hair made him look like a lion to his enemies. Powerful and deadly. So he kept it as such.
He strapped a blade on his back between his wings. The blade Beldane made himself in the forges of the King’s castle. A few runes were also carved into the hilt and blade. A personal rune, one of Beldane’s favorites, was carved into a stone on the hilt, given by the Dark Lord himself. It held amazing powers Beldane had been so far unable to unlock. 
On his death, the stone would return to its' original owner, the Dark Lord, but Beldane hoped to unlock it soon to use it for his own personal agenda before that happened.
His wings, that were featherless and reptile like, were torn and battle hardened, but could still carry him and his size easily.
He strapped another blade at his waist. The
metals unknown to man. The metal of this dagger was found only in one kingdom and in the separation from the war, they had failed to capture any from the King’s Castle for future use. So whatever they were able to steal was all they had.
Beldane brushed his black hair back behind him and it all floated down his back. He then turned his icy blue eyes towards his destiny and prepared himself for his next killing.

Chapter 9

“Gabriel,” HE said. Gabriel turned his head from the pool to look at his King. The King’s face held only sympathy for Gabriel, but Gabriel didn’t want to see it right now. He was tired of his brothers and his peers doing the same, he didn’t need it from the King too.
HE walked over to the stone bench and sat next to Gabriel. 
Gabriel was in the courtyard. A beautiful garden made to mimic the beginning of the country the castle was born in. 
Wild flowers and plants had the run of the place, with few limits. Some flowers spiraled and grew up the niches and the sides of the pools, covering the stones.
The courtyard had three pools of water surrounded by stone blocks. The water was clear, but didn’t show the bottom of the pool in its’ reflection. No one knew how deep they really were.
Each pool was the same size and identical,
except for one thing. Each pool could look in a different time period. One could look in the past, one could look in the present time, and one could look in the future. Anywhere you wanted to see. You could also use it as a two way door, if needed. The only rule was using it on yourself. You could not view your own timeline.
Usually, one Redeemer was stationed to the pools each day. To watch and observe the mortals. But Gabriel never left here. If awake, he sat here watching, always here for Eternity.
He had looked out for her for the last 20 years and nothing bad had happened to her yet. From her baby steps through her teen drama, he was there for her. He felt it was needed no matter what anyone said, but it was tiring on Gabriel.
He didn’t care about himself since he was
immortal, but he didn’t eat or sleep that much while watching. And so he always appeared…scruffy.
The King smiled to HIM-self. It was hard to watch Gabriel torture himself, but what could HE do? Gabriel even had a hand in all of Eternity’s breakups. Like this last guys she was dating. Gabriel had literally sabotaged her relationship by handing her boyfriend the girl he was meant to be with. Of course, Gabriel had to glance into the boy’s future to find this out, but you could easily do that with the pools.
The King knew Gabriel didn’t really want to see her with anyone but him, but Gabriel had yet to realize it. His feelings were confusing to himself. But at least he was moving forward.
The King had had the argument with many
Redeemers of allowing the pools for open use for all Redeemers to win the war, but no one had any idea what that would do to futures or pasts. Things could turn out worse. They had to fix things on their own.
Gabriel pulled his hand out of the water. After the ripples stopped, they could see Eternity looking around her living room for something, then out her living room windows. She would probably leave to take pictures of the storm brewing, since she caught a glimpse of it. It was one of her favorite past times, Gabriel thought.
The King handed Gabriel a towel, “You
shouldn’t confuse her like that. Some mortals go mad from the interferences we make.” HE chuckled.
“Besides, it is against the rules you know. No touching the mortals,” the King put HIS hand on top of the water. The scene changed. The water started to boil.
Gabriel jumped up and stepped back. He looked surprised at his King. Usually his King would never use the pools to look here. It was dangerous as well as traceable. They found that out the hard way.
“Beldane….” the King said. Gabriel stepped up to the pool to see. Beldane was in full battle gear. He was also heading to somewhere. He was almost out of the Dark Lord’s domain. It was hard to tell where, but Gabriel had an idea.
“You know what this means,” The King stood next to Gabriel and spoke again, “If Beldane tries to sabotage Eternity’s chance of being redeemed, you may intervene. But, he must attack first. They break the rules, and then we may do the same. But try not to let her see you, as much as possible. It’s not just a problem of Beldane killing her. You being seen lets her have a chance to figure this out. It’s more pieces of the puzzle and on a mortal brain that’s not a good combination. Besides, I have a feeling Beldane will attack first. He wants revenge. Plan on saving her, Gabriel. You need to be ready.”
The King put HIS hand on Gabriel’s shoulder and spoke again. “The more she finds out, the more she’s at risk. So don’t let her see you or him. Guard her with all you can. Don‘t forget, with Beldane near her, she may have dreams or flickers of her past life. Their being twins will trigger a very strong response. We have had other
incidents with family members on other Redeemer trials, but a twin… I‘m not sure what will happen.”
HE motioned back to the pool. “Protect her,
Gabriel.”
Gabriel nodded to the King. He turned then, leaving the courtyard and ran to his quarters to also prepare for battle.
The King turned back to the pool. The King
alone could use any pool to see any time past, present, or future. Even HIS own. HE could break the rules. After all, HE wrote them.
He turned toward the water, needing to see her again, needing her comfort. HE, once again, touched the water.
The scene turned, again. Dirt roads came from a city built of stone and mud. You could see it lying in the background of the scene.
Birds flew above it, chirping, with sounds from the city mixing in and smoke billowing down the hillside. But the King was looking at the roads leading away from the town.
The roads ran down by a small river under a bridge. The river was covered by trees and bushes. But a few spots were open for secret access. Only a few experienced seekers knew where the openings were. Not to mention reoccurring visitors.
At one hidden spot, a woman stood with her dark red, cotton skirts pulled up to her ankles, so they wouldn’t get wet. Her blonde hair wrapped up in a similar cloth on her head. 
Her piercing, green, slanted eyes enhanced the beauty of her face and features. Her skin was flawless and white. A few water droplets sprinkled her shirt and skirt.
A young man lay on the bank watching her. He also wore a small cloth hat wrapped over his brown hair. His brown eyes watching the woman. His young, tan face smiling and making faces to make her laugh. He was just starting to show stubble. He was too young to have a beard. 
She smiled and splashed water at him. She squealed as he jumped up in retaliation and grabbed her and pretended to tackle her on the ground.
She giggled as he grabbed her. They spun back onto the dry ground and he lay there for a minute on top of her as she giggled in defeat.
His head raised up to look in her eyes, then. The love in his eyes apparent to any on looker.
The King raised HIS hand without thinking and moved it over the water. Almost an inch above it, HE stopped.
“Maggie”, the young man spoke softly, leaning towards the woman. She closed her eyes. 
The water splashed and the scene was gone. HE wanted to enter the pool and bring her here, but it was impossible now. Where she was now prevented her from entering this pool.
The King wiped a tear from HIS face on HIS
robe, stood up, and left the courtyard.

Chapter 10

Ettie stared through her lens at the sky. She shot random pictures knowing she would look through them later. Not now.
She would take as many as she could now and hope for an amazing one in the lot later. She could then keep the good ones and throw out the ugly ones, but the more she had the better the chance of an amazing picture.
The hard boring part was sifting through them later and uploading them from her camera. Maybe use Photoshop to enhance color or clear up blurriness.
Sometimes she’d see a random tree that would look great with the background of the sky. Or the color of the bark or the way the trunk twisted would intrigue her. Maybe the trail would turn in an interesting way. The way it would turn into the trees or hills would look like another dimension to some fantasy realm to Ettie.
But the sky mostly interested Ettie. The way the clouds formed, the colors, and different heights. In a past life she was definitely a bird. 
Ettie smiled. She didn’t believe in past lives, but she so thought she could fly, easily. Soaring on the wind over cities and through clouds. It made sense in a weird way sometimes. Plus, she had so many dreams of flying she could write a book on how to fly. Those were her favorite dreams.
She flashed back to her last dream. Lowering her camera a bit, she spaced thinking, ’I wish I was having those dreams now instead of these nightmares.’
Ettie continued snapping. She had to admit
though, she would give anything for wings. It was in her top 3 wishes.
The sky was in all her pictures…. sunny or rainy or cloudy. Even the cliff she went to, it overlooked the whole city like she could soar down over it. It was in every picture. She could almost map her flight course over it. She was obsessed with flying.
A stick broke, off the path in the woods to her left as she was daydreaming. Ettie looked over in the direction hoping maybe for a deer.
She saw nothing. Thunder rolled in the distance. She could just check real quick before it rained. Animals were always a plus in her shots. Not to mention, bragging rights. Do you know how hard it was to capture a deer in pictures? They were so jumpy.
Ettie smiled to herself at the thought of such a chance of a thing as she walked towards where she thought the noise came from.
Thunder rolled again. The trail she was on was almost out of view through the trees behind her, but she kept going.
Another stick broke, but this time from behind her. Her pulse quickened. How quick was this deer?
Ettie spun around to see nothing again. She looked around a little spooked. Her mind started to jump to conclusions. The worst possible conclusions. Too many scary movies.
Something moved out of the corner of her eye. She turned and looked but saw nothing. Then, another thing moved out of the corner of her other eye. Someone was playing games.
Again, she turned and saw nothing. But this time she could have sworn she heard a chuckle blow through on the wind. Or was it?
It’s hard to explain the sound she heard. But it’s like when trees talk on the wind, Native Americans know it, and hear it, but it’s not meant for others ears. Whatever it was, it spooked her.
Ettie took off running towards the trail fully
freaked now. More sticks broke behind her spooking her like a horse stung by a bee.
She made it to the trail and skidded a bit before taking off in the right direction. She didn’t look behind her, just thought of making it as fast as she could back to her car.
No other cars were in the parking lot when
she had parked, so she could hope for no help out here. Her phone was also in her purse in her car.
Although she tried not to focus on all the bad, it was hard when all your adrenalin was pumping in your brain, jumbling your thoughts. She was in fighter flight mode.
As she ran, she felt rain drops start to fall. Lightning started to flash and the thunder became louder. The wind picked up swirling her hair in her vision.
A branch had fallen on the path ahead. It hadn’t been there before, but she didn’t worry about how it got there, just how to get around it.
As she came upon it, she braced herself to jump over it. Leaping over it, her pants snagged one of the branches and she heard it snap. Then, something hit the ground beside her. She landed safe and tried to keep running.
Starting to run again, she looked behind her to see if it was the stick lying there and not the thing chasing her. Her camera lay in the gravel.
Skidding to a halt she had to go back for it. She needed this!
She ran to it, picked it up, and tried to shove it in her pocket. The hair on her arms started to stand on end.
As she turned, she was just in time to see
lightning fill the path in front of her.

Chapter 11

Gabriel landed on the trail Eternity had gone to. Gravel crunched under his feet. This trail was one of her favorites and he had watched her walk it many times. He thought maybe she would see that as a little creepy. Always being watched, but it was his job to protect her. Besides, he liked watching her unleash her passion. She glowed when she was happy. And her happiness was always a favorite of Gabriel’s to watch.
He loved seeing her smile. He sometimes pretended she was smiling at him, just like she used to. Plus, he could never look away from her. She enchanted him.
Rain started to fall through the air. Gabriel
spotted Ettie up ahead on the trail. She was about 30 feet away from him. She wouldn’t be able to see him. Unless, of course, Gabriel lost his concentration on cloaking himself. Which never happened.
She was running and turned, looking behind her. Scared and out of breath, she kept running. Not able to stop in her adrenaline fueled fear. Nor did she want to, though. Her eyes were frantic.
Glancing around her, Gabriel immediately went on alert from her actions. The strange thing was that Eternity was running really fast. Faster than was possible for a human.
As she turned around fully and started to run towards a fallen branch, Gabriel saw something behind Ettie. 
“No”, Gabriel whispered. No wonder she had the power to run that fast.
He raised his wings to help propel himself in front of Ettie. He pushed with his wings as he ran trying to reach her in time. He had to be her shield. He had to protect her.

Chapter 12

Beldane landed in the woods beside the trail Ettie had chosen to walk. Seeing her pulsed the hatred back into his veins. His eyes narrowed and his fists clenched.
He stalked Ettie through her trek in the woods. A twig would snap here and there but she didn’t hear it until halfway through the trail.
He tried to be quiet, but he got excited on his hunt. Besides, it turned out for the better. Like a lamb to slaughter she came to him off the trail and into the woods. This humored Beldane. If only she knew what waited for her. He chuckled to himself.
Spooked as if she heard him, she ran out of the woods and he enjoyed her fear of him. He followed her slowly, enjoying his kill. He drank in her fear as she stumbled and ran out onto the gravel road.
She took off trying to out-run him. He chuckled. A mere mortal could not outrun him. Although, he did actually have to try and keep up. Just a little.
As he reached the gravel trail, he watched Ettie jump over the fallen branch up ahead on the trail and turn to examine the ground.
As she came back a few steps and bent over to retrieve something, Beldane saw Gabriel ahead of Eternity on the path. Beldane’s pleasure hunt abruptly came to an end. Hatred seethed through his veins.
Beldane closed his eyes and focused his energy. He could hear Gabriel running. But it wouldn’t be in time. He had to be quick.
Raising his hand, he opened his eyes and aimed his energy towards Ettie. The hair on his, Ettie’s, and Gabriel’s bodies started to rise.
Gabriel dove as lightning arched down towards Ettie. Ettie was thrown back by Gabriel‘s push and she lost her grip on her camera again as lightning struck the ground. Or so she thought.
Beldane growled. He had tried to make this
simple and look like an accident. He tried to do this quick and painless. Now it would be slow and torturous.
His hand dropped to his side. He was drained now. He could do no more.
Stumbling a bit, he growled low in his throat. His back hunched with exhaustion. He hated showing how weak a little trick made him.
He spread his wings and lifted into the air with a scowl on his face. It was a slow flight, but he needed to escape while he was weak, to recuperate. He wasn’t as strong as the Dark Lord, yet. Next time he would not be so merciful. But for now, he needed to rest. Controlling elements here always exerted him.
Flying off into the storm, he looked for
reasonably hidden shelter. Being in such a weakened state, if he let Gabriel attack now, the results would be disastrous. No, he needed to rest and save more energy for next time. He would need it. And he would succeed. Next time.
Ettie tried to sit up. Her eyes burned still from the flash of lightning. She tried to look around but only caught shapes.
Her eyes were blurry trying to adjust to the low light over the exposure. Leaning on her elbows still laying down, she made out a figure in front of her. He was…. smoking? Had the lightning hit him? And he survived? Or had it just hit near him?…. Then, he was gone. He simply vanished.
Ettie lay there for a moment longer until the rain woke her from her shocked stupor. It started to pour. She only noticed because it felt like an umbrella had been moved off of her. All the rain hit her at once. But she didn’t think about that now. She had to leave!
Ettie made it to her feet, shakily, and tried to find her camera once again. Hoping it was okay, she ran all the way back to her car unhindered.
Opening her door, she hopped in, shut the door, and locked it. She then tossed her camera in the passenger seat. She tried to catch her breath. What the hell had just happened?
Ettie looked at her camera then, to make sure it wasn’t damaged or too wet. It looked okay. But that was the least of her problems.
Her memory was all jumbled. She had no idea what just happened. And she was going crazy seeing figures.
Her ears were ringing, so she knew the lightning was real. Ettie had to leave this place. Now!
She put her keys in the ignition with shaky hands and started to drive out of there.
First, she was chased out of the woods. Then, almost struck by lightning only to have her…..what? Her protector …vanish?
She had to talk to someone. Her day was awful! First, she had nightmares and a blaring alarm and now this….wait….. Dreams… the figure…. Of course! It was hard to compare the figures, but maybe they were similar or had something in common. If only she could have seen his eyes. No, that was stupid but…
Ettie laughed nervously and texted her friend Amy. ‘You busy woman?’ Ettie said.
 ‘Right now yes tonight no y?’ was Amy’s reply shortly after.
‘I need to talk to someone. Idk what’s going on.’ Ettie said.
‘Alright I’ll text when I’m heading over. You ok?’ Amy replied again.
Ettie replied, ‘I think so just need a second
opinion.’ She got no reply.
Ettie pulled into her drive way and ran inside away from the rain. She checked her door locks twice and plopped on the chair while she threw her things on the couch, still wet. At the moment, she didn’t care.
She rubbed her temples. She was going crazy. The sticks cracking in the woods were easy to figure out. It could be nothing, but the chuckle? Did she really hear it? Or was it just the wind playing tricks. Maybe.
She tried to re-imagine or recreate it, but it wasn’t working. And the figure and lightning? Maybe the fall… maybe she hit her head… maybe… Ettie had no answers at the moment but she really, really, really wanted some. Or even just one!
She got up and got two towels. One for her hair and one for her camera. After wrapping her hair up into one towel, Ettie went to work on the camera.
Making sure it was completely dry, Ettie
turned it on to make sure nothing was damaged internally. She went through the first half of the pictures and they appeared fine.
Ettie grabbed her laptop from the coffee
table in the living room and plugged her camera into it, starting to transfer pictures over.
As the computer quickly displayed all the
pictures in front of Ettie, the last one caught her eye. It was just a thumbnail size. Ettie scrolled her mouse over to it and clicked it.
While waiting for it to load she unplugged her camera and set it on the table. The picture popped up on her screen, covering it. It was a little blurry, but Ettie could tell what it was. It was a confirmation that what had just happened was not a dream. Well… it started that way anyway.
Ettie stared at the picture, entranced. Green eyes glared back at her.

Chapter 13

374 years earlier

“Come Gabriel, look at the new Redeemers,” the King spoke softly to coax him forward. The King was surrounded by Gabriel’s brothers, all wanting to see the baby twins that just arrived. 
Azriel appeared with his white hair in a ponytail, his little wings dragging the floor. Uriel and his red hair, hanging in his eyes. A toy bow slung over his shoulder. 
Michael, standing by the King, looked like a toy sentinel. He liked to pretend to be an adult. Even though he was the one with the strongest sense of humor, like a child.
They were all sitting in a new chamber built just for younger ones. Kind of like a nursery.
The young Gabriel finally came forward slowly peeking over the King’s arms to see the small bundle squeaking in HIS arms. He, at last, came close enough to touch the King, but hesitated upon being this close to the baby girl.
He glanced at the King. “It’s okay, Gabriel.
Look at her.”
The King leaned over so Gabriel could see the baby girl. Piercing blue eyes looked into Gabriel’s green.
They stared at each other for what seemed like hours. The King just let them adjust to each other, but it was strange. Eternity didn’t react this way to the other children. She would look, memorize, and go to the next person. But with Gabriel she was enthralled. It was cute.
Another Redeemer was holding Beldane,
Eternity’s twin brother. The Redeemer was good with the younger ones. They never called her a nurse to her face, but she was usually the one they called for this job and she loved it.
She leaned down to show the boys their new playmate and Beldane looked over in Eternity‘s direction.
For a second, the baby stared, confused
at the pair. Then, he let out a blood curdling scream.
Eternity jumped and started to cry along with her brother. Gabriel stepped back a little, scared by the noise. He took on a ready to attack pose. Always prepared for a fight.
The Redeemer holding Beldane stood and tried to comfort him, but he wouldn’t calm down. She took him out of the room, still trying to console him. His screams could be heard down the halls as she walked farther away.
Gabriel was still staring at the crying Eternity. The King was moving her to HIS shoulder to try to calm her down also. The King felt a small hand on HIS knee. HE looked down at Gabriel.
“Can I try?” The King smiled and nodded. “You can try, Gabriel.”
HE helped Gabriel get his arms ready for a baby. HE then slowly transferred the baby into Gabriel’s arms. Gabriel’s wings fluttered nervously.
“Mind her head, Gabriel.” Eternity hiccupped and continued crying.
 “Hey,” Gabriel said softly to the crying baby. She kept crying and Gabriel furrowed his brow. “Knock it off!” 
The King stared at Gabriel a little shocked and speechless. But the baby stopped crying and stared just as shocked at Gabriel.
Then, she raised her hand and tried to reach his face. The King smiled until Gabriel squealed because Eternity had a hold of his curly black hair. 
The King took back the baby as a sulking Gabriel left with his brothers. He stopped at the door, though, to look back one last time at the baby. The King smiled and nodded, and then Gabriel left.

Chapter 14

Present day

The loud ringing woke Ettie up. Her phone was playing Amy’s ring tone. 
The sun was just rising through her living room windows, warming the carpet. Ettie had fallen asleep staring at the picture. The computer was dead now.
Ettie got up as quickly as she could and
answered the phone. She stumbled over to it, still asleep, but eventually reached it.
“Hello?” She said with a yawn. “Hey Ettie, it’s Amy. Sorry I couldn’t call you back yesterday or make it over, but I’m free all day. Somehow I got Monday off” Amy laughed, “Amazing, I know. So you can come over any time today or I can go over there, whatever...”
Ettie wiped her hand over her face, pushing her hair behind her ear and out of her eyes. “Okay, I’ll get ready and head over there.” Ettie said.
“Alright, see ya in a few,” Amy replied. Ettie hung up the phone. She plugged her computer in to charge and headed to the shower. 
An hour later, she was dressed, clean, made up, and ready to go. Ettie locked her front door and walked out to her car with purse and camera in hand.
She drove over to Amy’s with the windows
down, blowing her hair around. The music beat vibrating her whole body. Drives always calmed her down. But not today.
She was like a dog. This always made people laugh, but dogs always liked car rides too. And eating and to be petted, of course. Ettie just loved massages, not to be petted, but eating was fun too.
She pulled into Amy’s driveway, got out with her things, and locked her car door.
Amy’s house was a medium sized stone cottage just inside town. Amy was married and had a job, but still managed to get a garden blooming. 
Flowers sprouted alongside her house. No weeds blossomed in her grass. It was green like a fairy tale home or a hardware store magazine photo promoting lawn care.
She went up to knock on the door. Amy beat her to it, though. The door swung open as Ettie raised her hand.
“Hey Ettie, come on in,” she waved Ettie in. The living room was right inside the door with a study in the next room.
The kitchen was off to the left, with a bedroom behind the kitchen. A giant size bathroom was at the back of the house. Amy’s husband redid it last year so it was his pride and joy.
Ben was usually found in his study. He was
enlarging it to make a library/study for his work
he brought home. It took up the right side of the house.
Amy always had the place clean and styled like a southern house wife. It was a beautiful cottage that Ettie loved.
Amy’s honey brown hair was just past her
shoulders. Her light brown, slanted eyes glowed through her glasses. She was shorter than most people, but was stronger than all of them.
Her tan skin suggested she was from Native American descendants. Her heart shaped face and smile made everyone feel welcome and happy when near her. It was hard to be upset around her. Plus, she always listened and spoke her mind. Which was rare in friends. Usually they just agree with you. And Amy was always there for you in a bind.
After about an hour of catching up, eating, and drinking a soda, Amy finally said, “So, what brought you over? It seemed kind of important.”
Ettie sighed. She didn’t know how to say any of this and to do it without sounding crazy. “Okay, well let me just start from the beginning.”
Ettie started telling Amy about all the dreams she’s had. She tried not to leave out any details, but still not sound crazy. “He is very attractive from what I can tell, but it’s not in great detail and I feel like I‘ve seen him before. There’s no other explanation. But from where…”
Then, she tried to tell Amy about yesterday. “So, I drove to Silverdale Park to take some pictures. And it was going normal, until it started to rain. Then, next thing I know, I’m chased out of the woods, lightning flashes, a man, who resembles the man in my dreams I just described to you, is standing over me and then vanishes. It all happened so fast. And I couldn’t get a good glimpse at all….”
Amy was just staring at Ettie like she was the village idiot. Ettie sighed, “Well, I can’t make this up. Take a look.”
Ettie pulled her camera out and turned it on. She pulled up the picture again and handed the camera to Amy.
Amy stared at the picture. It was a picture of a man from forehead to nose and only one side of his face. Like he was looking over his shoulder. He was good looking from what you could see. Black hair, green eyes, strong brow and nose.
“Well, he’s hot,” Amy finally said. Ettie sighed and yanked her camera back. “Thank you for your words of wisdom.” 
Amy giggled, “Okay, so you’re not totally crazy.”  Ettie glared at her friend. “But the story is a bit far-fetched.” Ettie turned off her camera and put it back by her purse. 
“I need some help,” Ettie said, “but not that kind.” Amy held back another giggle.
“There’s obviously a man. And …that’s all the proof I have to back up my story. I feel like I’m losing it.”
Amy looked at her friend, “You like him, don’t you?”
Ettie looked at her friend, “I don’t even know him, Amy. I thought I had made him up. I’d like him to be real,” Ettie smiled at her friend who smiled back, knowing she meant he was very attractive.
“Okay, so your guardian angel, then?” Amy started suggesting.
Ettie sighed and shook her head. “Okay…
Cupid? You do need him.”
Ettie threw a pillow at Amy’s head. “Well, what else do you have? A stalker?” Amy giggled.
Ettie just closed her eyes. “I have no idea,” Ettie said.
Amy seemed to think of something, “Here, I have an idea. Send me that picture. I wanna try something.”
Ettie got her camera back out and hooked it up to Amy‘s computer. Then, she transferred the picture to her.
“What are you going to do, Amy?” Ettie put her camera away again and went to Amy’s desk.
“I’m going to send this to Ben.” Amy said and Ettie smiled.
Ben was a criminal investigator. He had access to all kinds of software to locate people.
“Excellent idea.” Ettie said getting excited,” But with only half a face I doubt he’ll find anything.”
“Well, it doesn’t hurt to try,” Amy retorted. Amy finished up and turned back to Ettie and said, “I’ll text you if he finds anything.”
“Thanks Amy. I guess I better head home. I
think I‘ve bugged you long enough,” Ettie said smiling.
Ettie got up and gathered her things, “Thanks for the advice and the help and I’ll see ya later.”
“Alright, bye,” Amy said. Her friend walked her out and waved goodbye.
Ettie took her time driving home. Trying to clear her head. Of course it didn’t work. There were just too many questions and not enough answers. All of this on top of a break up. She would not survive the week at this rate. ‘My luck is pure awesome,’ she thought.
It was around noon so Ettie stopped to grab
something to eat. Taco Bell. One of her favorite places in the world. Ettie could live here. Maybe a nice cheap meal would calm her stress levels down a few notches.
She went through drive thru, which she usually tried to do. Because when you’re by yourself “inside”, people either feel sorry for you or try to hit on you. And the last thing she needed was more of either. She was not sensitive so she hated sympathy and she was hating men right now.
After grabbing food, she headed home. Ettie parked her car in the driveway, grabbed her things and food, and went inside checking all locks twice.
She put her stuff on the couch and sat down to eat. Law and Order it was again. She flipped the T.V. on quietly and ate in silence with the show playing wonderful background music to her thoughts.
It was pretty quiet the rest of the day. She played with some of her pictures and edited them, trying not to look at “his” photo in the process.
She had a small dinner of leftovers later that night, watched T.V., and then headed to bed. She didn’t feel like getting out this evening. Being so tired anyway after her ordeals yesterday, she needed a calming evening.
After getting ready for bed, she laid there and couldn’t fall asleep, so Ettie read one of the five books she had bought recently and had yet to finish. All romance novels of course.
Some had women as the hero or the men as
the hero. But all were of renaissance time periods. Knights and damsels in distress. She loved the time period and the romance portrayed in it.
After twenty minutes, she yawned. She put the book on her nightstand and she lay down. With all the thoughts spinning around in her head, her book had failed it’s job. It was supposed to distract her once she finally lay down to go to sleep.
She couldn’t get what happened, and this
man, out of her head. Eventually she had to close her eyes and will herself to sleep.
After what seemed like hours, it finally worked. Again, Ettie dreamed she was in a white room. The same white room as before. She stood in the middle of it. The room was full of people sitting in pews around her. This time, all of them stared at her. But she didn’t recognize any of their faces. She didn’t study too much around her, though. She wanted to see him. She needed to see more of him this time.
She scanned the room for a sign of him here. A bright white light burned in front of her.
As Ettie tried to look at the figure this time, the light moved next to her and pushed her towards a golden doorway. She didn’t want to leave, but her legs ignored her wishes.
She felt like this light was not the same as before. It felt different, but like home. She knew this light or had seen it before. Like a relative. A light a relative…now she’d lost it.
As Ettie walked through the gateway with the light, she felt like she was torn in half at the same time. The farther she walked with the light, the worse the pain got. Like she was leaving her heart in the doorway and it was ripping out of her chest.
Ettie looked away from the light to try to find the cause of such torment. Gasping for air, she continued walking as the pain pushed through to her core.
Ettie turned to look back at the door, but nothing was there. The light grew brighter, burning….
Ettie woke up as she hit the floor. She groaned. She needed to get a journal and start writing all this down to look back on. Okay, now she was crazy. Did she need evidence? For a case? Well, maybe it would help her figure out something of her craziness, at least. Or prove her crazy and gain her admittance into an asylum. She would get a journal tomorrow if she remembered.
Ettie lay on the floor for a minute catching her breath and waking up.
Once her pulse was calm enough, Ettie slowly got up. Wincing at the pain, she finally stood. Then, she grabbed her sheets from the bed to straighten them before she climbed back in.
Ettie was moving back onto the bed when she heard something hit the floor. Ettie sighed and stood back up tiredly. She glanced at the floor, but seeing nothing she got down on all fours.
Seeing nothing under the bed in the dark, she reached up next to her bed to turn on the lamp.
Looking under the bed again, Ettie could see flickers and sparkles coming from something small.
Curiously, she reached for the object and pulled out a smooth, round, and small stone. It was clear with rainbows flashing through it. Prettier than a diamond, the stone was beyond words.
Ettie set the stone on her night stand, trying to think what it came from. She didn’t wear a lot of fancy jewels nor could she afford them. 
Not being able to place where it came from, she decided maybe it was Amy‘s or someone else‘s?
 ‘I needed another mystery to solve,’ she thought sarcastically. ‘Oh well,’ she thought, ‘I’ll figure it out in the morning.

Chapter 15

Around ten on Tuesday morning Ettie woke up. Slowly, she got up and stretched, trying to wake up fully, yawning and blinking.
Ettie could hear her phone vibrating with a text message. At least she had a good rest of the night’s sleep.
She made her way to the bathroom real quick and then made her way to the living room for her phone.
As she picked her phone from the glass of the coffee table it vibrated on, she quickly clicked opened the message. It was Amy. It said, “Ben already found something! Usually it takes weeks. Come over when you’re awake!”
Ettie, texting her friend back that she would, set her phone down and went to take a long, hot shower.
Ettie was so grateful for her friend. They had known each other in grade school, but became fast friends in high school. They had been there for each other in the good times, bad times, and the drunk times. And sometimes they got exciting. Ettie chuckled to herself.
She got ready for the day without make-up and ate a bowl of cereal.
As she put her bowl in the sink and was grabbing her stuff to head over to Amy‘s, she remembered the stone.
She went to her room, grabbed it, locked her door, and drove over to Amy’s.
With the music on, Ettie sang her way over to her friends. It was only about a five minute drive so no one went deaf from her singing with the windows down.
Amy met Ettie at her door. “Okay it’s a false alarm. I’m sorry I got excited and texted you. It’s not even a close hit. You wasted your time.” Amy dramatically enhanced that last part. She turned and spun with her arms in the air very dramatically and plopped on the couch like her life had ended.
Ettie smiled at her dramatic friend and walked into the house shutting the door behind her.
“Well, at least let me see it,” Ettie pleaded. Amy looked at her friend crazily, “Really? You want to waste your time?”
She stood, “I thought Ben would scan for people or something through actual profiles, but I guess he scanned just through the internet. Seeing as how he couldn‘t spend money on something not part of a case. You know he actually wants to keep his job and all,” Amy added sarcastically. She went into the kitchen and got something to drink.
“What do you mean just the internet?” Ettie said following her.
Amy walked back over to the computer in the study. “I thought he would go through some database of real people but I guess that didn’t happen. But he did search pictures of people on the internet. And I mean any picture: drawings, paintings ….everything, Ettie. Plus, I gave him some key words of your story and apparently
that was our downfall.”
Amy pulled open her email, “So he emailed this to me this morning saying it was the first hit all morning. So I texted you... AND THEN looked at it. Sorry.”
Amy pulled up the site and got up out of the computer chair. Ettie took a seat and looked at the computer screen.
It was …Elf-ish. If that’s a word to describe how something looked. Spirals and renaissance twists and symbols decorated the page. The writing didn’t even catch Ettie’s eye. Even though it was one Ettie had never seen in this lifetime.
Standing at the top of the page were five angels. Angels. Really? That’s what the “software” cops are using, pulled up?
The one in the middle, though…. He didn’t really resemble Ettie’s picture… but…. Something about him… his long dark hair floating down his back. His brothers standing ready at his back. To defend or attack if necessary. A family….. Love…..
Ettie took a step back from the computer.
It literally drew her in like…. Well, she didn’t have a clue.
“Yeah, so I’m sorry. I’m a weenie.” Amy said, breaking the silence.
“No, it’s cool Amy, really. I didn’t think I’d 
get anything anyway,” Ettie said looking away from the screen.
“Well, this is as good as nothing,” Amy
grumbled and turned off her computer. 
Ettie walked into the living room and sat on the couch. “Oh, but I did find this under my bed last night. It’s not mine. I don’t know where it came from. But I thought maybe it could be yours?” Ettie pulled the stone out of her pocket and handed it to Amy.
Amy’s eyes got big like a cat’s seeing a ball roll across the floor. “Oooo. What is it?” She asked.
“I have no idea. It’s pretty, but I don’t normally wear something that resembles diamonds.” Ettie said and smiled.
Amy put the stone up to the light. The sun
caught it perfectly, shining rainbows and sparkles over the whole room. “Whoa,” Amy said.
Ettie slowly stood up and looked around as the lights danced on the walls like a disco ball of sun light. The light made Ettie feel… depressed and sad. Not at all what she would have expected. Ettie, at that moment, decided she didn’t want the stone. But she still couldn’t look away.
Amy broke the silence. “Amazing. It’s so small, but acts like those stupid fake jewels you hang in your car, and it catches light, and distracts you from driving.”
Amy covered the stone and they both were dazed for a second.
“Well, it’s not mine. I wish my man bought me exotic jewels.” Amy said and they both laughed. “Here, you can have it back.” Amy handed Ettie the stone. Ettie put it back in her pocket grimacing.
“Well, you wanna get lunch?” Ettie suggested. 
“When are you not hungry? I swear it’s like someone starved you when you were young and you’re spending your whole life catching up.” Amy said then they both giggled out the door.

Chapter 16

HE leaned back from the pool. At a loss for
words. She was actually doing it.
HE stood up and started pacing. Eternity was figuring this out. Well, more than figuring it out. She was becoming a Redeemer!
She had more memory than any other Redeemer had ever remembered during their trial. And not just memory, she shouldn’t be able to make those stones. How was she able to do it? It didn’t make sense.
He stopped. She was stronger than HE thought. The prophecy… it couldn’t be her. But her power was immense.
 Only a handful knew of the prophecy and HE needed to think on this for awhile before revealing it to anyone. HE needed to be sure, before HE sprung this possibility of the identity of the prophecy on anyone. HE didn’t need panic right now.
After the war started, a few Redeemers, that had chosen the other side, had left the Dark Lord‘s side and came to the King for forgiveness. A few were actually given a chance to redeem themselves. The rest, well…. They were not forgiven and were banished from the Kingdom.
 The few that had a chance were judged by their peers and the King, of course, before and throughout the trial. A mortal lifetime. If they figured out the truth, though, while mortal, they were forfeit. It was a new thing, but it seemed to weed out the real traitors. Or spies.
But Eternity, eventually she might figure it all out and then… no. HE couldn’t even imagine. If she failed this test, she would be handed over to the Dark Lord as all traitors were. And they would kill her. Slowly.
The King thought back to the beginning of
Eternity’s trial. HE thought about how many hours, days, and years Gabriel sat in that courtyard watching out for Eternity in the pools.
The King closed HIS eyes and rubbed HIS
forehead. HE knew what had to be done. Unfortunately, it had to be now without any warning. It was breaking many of their laws, but for Eternity… HE would make the sacrifice.

Chapter 17

Gabriel took his job guarding Eternity very
seriously. He would guard her with his life if necessary. But he couldn’t chance being too close, because he kept touching her out of habit. Like through the pools. He missed that. And only in a friend type way.
He missed the way they hung out, like old
friends. The looks, the smiles.
His brothers kept giving him a hard time. She was considered a sister to them. But not to Gabriel. He only saw her as a close friend. He kept telling himself this over and over. Just a friend. Just a friend.
So he kept a small distance from her to resist touching. He stood now, watching her. Protecting her, while spacing them apart. Well, technically, he was standing in a tree outside her window, 15 feet in the air, at night…. Baby steps.
As he watched her, he kept thinking of all the times before the war, when Eternity wanted to tag along for every mission or task. He hated it when he was younger but now… he missed it. He missed her.
Gabriel missed his friend dearly and no matter what anyone said she was not like a sister. She may have started out that way, but now you could say they were very close friends. Yeah friends. You’re bound to miss friends like this when they’ve been gone for a couple decades. Gabriel tried to convince himself, again.
He shook his head as he watched Ettie pick up a book from the coffee table, sit on the couch, and begin to read. Probably a romance novel as usual.
She did have guy problems lately, he had noticed from watching the pools. And so she would unconsciously drown her worries and thoughts with other people’s romance. But what did he care?
Gabriel smiled to himself. At least she was
single, away from all those losers. The ones that didn’t deserve her. He made sure of that.
Gabriel chuckled at his own private joke. He made sure if they weren’t good enough that she would leave them.
But before he could relive his accomplishments, Eternity turned then and stared out the window. She did this a lot since he stood watch. She would look right at him and not realize she found him every time. 
Humans can’t see Redeemers. Of course it happens if cleared by the King for important missions or if you’re struck by lightning and you lose your concentration for two seconds! Sometimes you would lose your cloaking ability and mortals could see you. He would never hear the end of that one. Ettie actually had a picture of him! And it wasn’t even his good side.
His brothers teased him about how “a girl got his picture” and they would laugh and slap Gabriel on the back as if he enjoyed their little joke. But, to try to make himself feel better, he just kept trying to think about how he was such a better Redeemer than they to be called on for all the best missions. He was the King’s right hand man after all.
As Gabriel was feeling full of himself, a huge weight lifted from his shoulders. Literally. The wind picked up, and all at once, Gabriel lost his balance. Something which never happened, I might add, and he fell to the ground before he could catch himself. Not missing one branch on the way down.
The air left him once he smacked the ground and he groaned. He laid there waiting for the ringing in his head to stop.

Chapter 18

Ettie put down the book she was reading. She had been trying to read the same paragraph for an hour. No matter how good the story got, it didn’t help to distract her from her thoughts.
Glancing at the clock, she saw it was about
seven o’ clock. The time of the day right before sunset.
Stretching and looking out the window at the sky, she watched it for a couple of minutes waiting for the transition into night. It was an amazing thing to watch. Plus, romantic with the right person with you.
Without warning, something made all the hair on the back of her neck stand up. She hated this feeling. The feeling of being watched. It happened a lot to her.
Ettie glanced at the big oak tree outside her
window. All of a sudden something moved or really…appeared. Then, it teetered high up in the tree on a branch, somehow, and then fell to the ground.
Ettie, scared, jumped up and ran to the window to watch the lump now on the ground. It didn’t move.
Ettie frowned and concentrated on it. Maybe it was a raccoon or a ….bear. It was huge. She had just heard about a Grizzly bear sighting in Wichita at work last week, but would they come this far South?
It moved slowly on the ground. Whatever it was, it moved and she assumed it was alive. Why was all this happening to her?!
She texted her friend Amy to come over now. She debated on calling the cops, but what would that get her if it was another lightning strike event or something of the like? They would get her put in an asylum.
Besides, it could be a really big animal and she would just run back inside. But something was telling her to go check it out anyway. Stupid gut feeling. Where was Gibb’s gut when you needed it! Then she debated on whether or not to wait for Amy.
 Ettie ran to her kitchen, grabbed a flashlight and, just in case, a carving knife. She wrapped a towel around the blade and put it in her belt to her back. Just so she didn’t cut herself.
She went out the front door and slowly made her way to the oak tree on the side of her house.

Chapter 19

289 years earlier

“Gabriel,” the King said in a disappointed tone. “But….” Gabriel tried to think of a good excuse.
“Young man, you can take her along if she
wants to go, you don’t lock her in a closet to get rid of her. Besides, that’s not how you treat a lady. There are other ways you should have handled this.”
Gabriel sulked and went and sat on his bed. “But she’s so annoying! She follows me everywhere!” Gabriel told the King as he flopped down on his bed.
“She just wants to hang out with you and your brothers.” The King smiled and leaned down to whisper in Gabriel’s ear, “Besides, some people say that when you’re mean to a girl it means you like her.” The King teased.
Gabriel looked at the King with a horrified look. Jumping off his bed, he ran to the closet and unlocked the door. He then ran out of the room like he was on fire.
Eternity was pouting in the closet with her arms crossed. “I hate boys.”
Eternity slowly came out of the closet and
flopped on the bed next to the King.
“Yes, boys can be a pain, but you do follow
him a lot. And he sees it as annoying. Maybe try to hang out with your brother a little? And Gabriel a little less? You know Beldane gets jealous when you’re not with him anyway. Just try to ask Gabriel from now on instead of just including yourself in his fun. It will make him feel
better.”
Eternity looked at the King with her little nose scrunched up, “But he’ll just say no and Beldane isn’t as fun as the other guys.”
The King wrapped an arm around Eternity and hugged her. “I’m sure you’ll think of something to solve this problem. You always do. Just don’t be mean.”
The King whispered the last part and Eternity giggled.

Chapter 20

Present day

Gabriel grunted and tried to move. He was off balance. Lighter. 
He tried to move his wings and shake off some of the fallen twigs that had fallen down on him. He waited…Nothing.
Glancing over his shoulder, he noticed his wings and armor were gone. He was instead dressed in mortal clothes.
He started to panic, but knew he needed to stay calm. This wasn’t just about him anyway.
Was this a plan by the Dark Lord? No, he didn’t have that kind of power. Not from this distance anyway.
Starting to worry, he tried to think why this
would happen and who could do it? He could only think of one person who could. The King. But why would he take away his wings and armor? He was supposed to protect Ettie. Not run away with her.
Trying to focus on the now, he noticed he was wearing a grey t-shirt and jeans. No shoes, though. His leg was killing him, but it didn’t feel broken.
The sun was starting to set, but it was still light enough to see Eternity coming out of her house with a flashlight. And who could miss the little blade on her belt. Gabriel chuckled. But that action reminded him he was out of breath.
This was not what he needed, though. Not right now. He couldn’t very well watch her wander the woods, laying on the ground wounded. He needed to get up and follow her. He tried to move but the pain in his leg made him wince. Ettie headed straight for him, the flashlight
beamed on him.
Gabriel frowned. It was his last piece of evidence; she could see him. He would assume he was now mortal. At least he could get her to stay with him now. Hopefully.

Chapter 21

Ettie slowly made her way to the man on the ground. She could tell now it was a man, by the way he was looking at her. Men.
Plus, he had no fur and didn’t growl. What the hell was this man doing on her property? Her fear now turned to anger. Ettie glared at him.
“Can I help you off my property, Sir?” Gabriel tried to hide his smile, which was easy to behind a wince of pain.
“Please…” Gabriel tried to think of an excuse, but had absolutely nothing ready. Some fore warning would have been nice, he thought to himself.
“Please? What?” Ettie said with venom. “What were you doing in my tree? Were you spying on me? What the hell?” Ettie was shaking she was so angry. The man looked like he actually enjoyed this. 
He tried to get up and winced in pain. ‘Good,’ Ettie thought, ‘I hope he’s in pain.’ He settled for sitting up.
When he pulled his hair out of his face, Ettie gasped. His eyes. Those eyes haunted her every moment awake or asleep.
She dropped her flash light. She didn’t really need it anyway. It was light enough. But she retrieved it anyway and shut it off.
“Who are you?” She asked incredulously. Gabriel looked into her eyes, an idea forming in his mind.
“I… my name is Gabriel, I think, but I don’t
remember much else.” He had an accent that enhanced his deep voice. But the accent wasn’t any she knew. It sounded…. older.
Ettie shook her head. She could not be attracted to him. This was a stalker or crazy person outside in her tree! Stay focused, she told herself.
“Were…you….spying on me?” She said again bringing back her anger.
“I can’t remember. I can’t remember anything, but my name. When I fell, from doing whatever I was doing in the tree, I must have hit my head.”
Gabriel rubbed his head and his black hair covered half his face. His gorgeous, dark, wavy, shoulder length hair… stop that, Ettie.
“I will not feel sorry for you. I should call the cops.” This time Gabriel did smile. “It’s not funny,” Ettie said with force. His smile, though, proved contagious for some stupid reason. Eternity could not help but smile when he did. But she tried to hide it.
“I don’t think I would be a stalker, though.
Honestly. That‘s just not me.” He said.
Ettie gave him an ‘I don’t think so’ look.
But something he said made Eternity believe him. She felt safe around him.
Maybe she had felt it since she saw him, but only just realized it. She didn’t want to bring him in, though. She still didn’t trust him that much. And she shouldn’t. She couldn’t let herself feel okay with him. The evidence against him was pointing in a bad direction.
Murderers were supposed to be good at making you go with them and hooking you, right? He was too good. She needed to stay on her guard.
“Well, what do I do with you? You wouldn’t remember where you live at least? Could I call someone for you?”
Gabriel stared at her and shook his head. “Of course not.” She replied.
At this point, Amy pulled in the drive way. She got out of her car and spotted Ettie.
She then ran to Ettie with a strange look on her face.
“What is going on? I get a crazed text saying….” Amy stopped a few feet from Ettie after spotting Gabriel.
Ettie spoke up. “Yes, this is why. I’m sorry, but I didn’t know what else to do.”
Amy slowly came over to see Gabriel more
closely. “Oh my god. Who are you?”
Gabriel opened his mouth. But Ettie beat him to it. “His name is Gabriel and he says he remembers nothing else. And yes, I know.”
Amy walked back over to Ettie and whispered to her, “Did he fall out of the sky? Your guardian angel?”
Ettie looked at her friend who was holding in giggles. “Actually, he fell out of my tree. My little stalker.” Ettie said the last part sarcastically, it sounded like how a mother would talk to her loving child.
Amy whispered, “He looks just like that picture! What are the odds you would find him? This was meant to happen!”
Ettie broke in, “Whoa, Amy, don’t read too far into this, okay? This is not one of your true love kicks, is it? You and those movies. You take it too seriously. There’s a point, ya know, when it hits fiction.” Ettie added sarcastically. Amy was smiling dumbly and giggling. Ettie sighed. Her friend was gone.
Gabriel broke in, “You can continue talking about me, but my leg is killing me. If you two wouldn’t mind at least getting me some ice or something.”
Both women looked at him then to each other. Ettie shook her head. Amy started over to him.
“Amy?!” Ettie said haltingly. “What, Ettie?
Clearly he needs his leg taken care of.”
Amy walked closer to her friend to whisper
“And don’t pretend he’s not what you’re dreaming of.”
Amy walked over to Gabriel and Ettie sighed. But she too walked over to help him inside.
Slowly, they got him inside and they got Gabriel on the couch. Amy propped his foot up and went to get him some ice. Ettie followed her in there. They had to talk; this was too crazy for Ettie to deal with. The stalker was in the house. Her house. He could now easily kill her because of her and Amy’s stupidity.
“Amy,” Ettie whispered, “I can’t let him stay here. For all I know, he could be a killer. You only want him to stay as part of your sick fantasy for me.”
Amy glared at her friend. “Well, we’re not big, scary women ya know. He could have easily killed us outside. The neighbors aren’t really close enough to hear anything. Besides, look at him. He matches your half picture of your “lightning boy“… man. See what you can find out …and maybe….” Amy wiggled her eyebrows.
“Oh my gosh, you are such a woman. But this topic is not over.” Ettie headed over to the door, but Amy whispered, “Besides if you don’t dream your own fantasies, I have to dream them up for you.” Amy giggled and they both walked back into the living room.
Ettie took the ice from Amy’s hand and handed it to Gabriel. For a split second, their hands met and heat shot through Ettie.
She pulled her hand back and shoved it in her pocket. Gabriel watched her, like a cat, as she went over to the chair and sat down.
“Ettie, I understand you don’t want me to stay here. That’s certainly understandable. You don’t know a thing about me; I don’t know anything about me. But I don’t know where else to go. When I get my memory back, I can pay you back for however you decide to help me.” Gabriel finished speaking while the girls both formed shocked looks on their faces.
‘Great,’ Ettie thought. Earlier, while Gabriel was being helped inside, he kept running through his head why this could have happened. But he decided to try to focus on the now. He needed a place to heal, food, and to continue protecting Eternity. But he would try to contact one of his brothers later at least. Someone better know
more than he did.
Ettie regained her composure and cleared her throat. “Amy, the kitchen,” and with that, Ettie went there first, rather quickly.
Once there, Ettie walked over to the counter and leaned on it. Amy walked in behind her. Ettie spoke up, “Okay, he can stay. But only because I get no creepy vibes from him…yet. And you have to come over every day and make sure he hasn’t killed me yet.” Amy smiled wide and clapped her hands together when Ettie said he could stay.
She smiled at her friend, “Of course. And call me if anything happens. And I mean …anything.” Ettie pushed her friend out of the kitchen as she giggled.
Ettie left her friend by the kitchen door and
moved to the center of the room in front of Gabriel.
“Okay, here are my rules for you staying here. One, you stay on this couch and don’t leave it unless you ask permission. Two, any funny business, I call the cops. And three, you have to actually try to find out who you are so you can leave. Got it? Break one of those rules and you’re gone.” Ettie stared at Gabriel as he nodded. The corners of his mouth were twitching.
All Gabriel could think of was the cops trying to take him down. Normally he could take at least ten at a time, but wounded and without wings would take him down to about….nine.
Satisfied, Ettie said, “Amy, I’ll walk you
outside,” and with that the girls went outside.

Chapter 22

Gabriel winced as he moved his leg. “I bet that hurts,” said a voice from the chair next to the couch.
Gabriel looked up. His brother Michael leaned forward on his sword while sitting on the chair in his normal armor attire. He wore leather armor, it was lighter for flying.
His blonde hair twisted in war braids like Gabriel’s. His golden wings folded behind him. Shining in the living room light. His sword strapped to his side. His blue eyes never wavering from Gabriel’s.
“You better start explaining,” Gabriel said. “I suspect you had something to do with this?”
Michael smirked, “Don’t worry, we’re not the only ones breaking the rules this time. For some reason, he really wants her. You know who I mean. But he wants her dead. You already know that, though. I suppose it’s just taken him this long to find her. Now that he has… he’s moving quickly. And she’s figuring this out way too fast. If they don’t kill her first, she’ll forfeit herself. So you’re here to keep her from figuring this out while protecting her. The only thing you don’t have, are your wings. All powers are still at your disposal. But you are mortal, so try not to die. That would break my heart. Seriously, I’d be sad for at least a month,” Michael added sarcastically as Gabriel glared at him to continue.
“And don’t let her see your powers, you
buffoon. We don’t need you spoiling her chance of being Redeemed. Just try to keep her in the dark. Distract her from figuring this out.”
Gabriel sighed, “Oh good, a comedian. Always your strong suit. Well, at least this foot should heal over night.”
Michael nodded and turned his head towards the front door. “She’s coming back. And good luck,” with that Michael vanished and Ettie walked in.
“So, let me get you a blanket.” Ettie went down the hall for a second and came back with a blanket and pillow. “Here you go. Anything else you need?”
Gabriel looked into her eyes and shook his head. She wasn’t asking nicely, but he let her seethe for the moment. His plan would unfold soon to have her trust him. He would start in the morning.
“Okay, I’ll see you in the morning then. Oh and my door will be locked.” Gabriel smiled and fell asleep instantly.

Chapter 23

Ettie went into her room and shut the door. Who in their right mind puts a lock on their bedroom door? Well, now she needed one.
Ettie walked over and grabbed her desk chair and wedged it under her door knob. There that should work.
She thought about her spare bedroom just then, but shook her head. No, he was not going to get that room. It was right next to hers.
Ettie went into her bathroom and washed up for bed and strangely fell fast asleep. She had no dreams or visions. She actually slept the best she had in a while. Peacefully.
On that Wednesday morning, the smell of bacon woke her up. At first, this startled her, because she thought she was alone.
But seeing the chair up against the door sent all the memories of last night back to her. Her head hit the pillow again.
She slowly got up and brushed her teeth. Then, she smelled eggs and cheese and maybe some sausage?
Ettie put down her hair brush and started walking out of her room in her bed clothes. She stopped and looked down. She didn’t want to encourage the stranger, but she was wearing a tank top and shorts. Good enough. She wasn’t naked.
She made her way slowly into the kitchen,
smells hitting her left and right. They all smelled wonderful. It made her immediately happy to smell these wonderful scents. It made her very hungry too.
Once she looked around the kitchen, she
stopped. All happy feelings flew out the window. All the counter tops were covered in food. Wonderfully cooked dishes of every kind. Breakfast, lunches, dinners, and desserts. All dishes she loved. Was this all the food she
owned?
Wait…. Of course her stalker would know her favorite foods. Her shocked face turned angry and suspicious.
“I thought I said don’t leave the couch?” Ettie said and Gabriel jumped, “Oh hey, good morning! Thought you’d be hungry so I tried to make breakfast. I got a little carried away.” Ettie glared at him.
“Ya think?” Ettie stared at the dishes piled in the sink, “And tell me, did you think to leave any food for later this week? Or did you assume we’d be like bears and eat one big meal and be fine for the whole week?”
Gabriel turned and looked at her confused.
“You’re mad.” He stated.
Ettie felt her anger rise. “Yes. I had to pay for all this food. And it was supposed to last me for a while. And you have now wasted it all! I don’t know if you remember, but food isn’t free!”
“No,” Gabriel cut in, not backing down, but not getting angry, “We’ll eat some of it and save the rest in the fridge. None wasted, and plenty for later.” He smiled at her.
Ettie smiled back mockingly. If Gabriel had
known this side of her, though, he’d have realized it was a sarcastic smile. But only a few privileged people ever saw this side of her. It was a new side.
She then walked over to a bowl of scrambled eggs, mixed with sausage and melted cheese. She stuck her finger in it and tasted it. It melted in her mouth. She almost moaned it was so good. ‘Remember you’re angry,’ she told herself.
Ettie looked at Gabriel who had turned around to finish whatever dish he was working on.
“You’re right. I have just eaten some of this dish and it’s quite good.” Ettie picked up the bowl in both hands, grabbed the sides, and flung the contents all over Gabriel.
“And now I have saved the rest for later. You were so smart.” Ettie added sarcastically.
Gabriel flinched as the warm eggs hit him. His only outfit was now covered in food. He turned and looked at Ettie. What the hell? He had done all this for her. Well, he had the help of his powers, but he still made it for her. And this is how she thanked him. She threw eggs at him.
Well, so much for trying to impress her. But then again he never had this much trouble with women. They always wanted him, so he never had to try to impress one. But he, unfortunately, had never been with any of them either, so he had no experience with women at all. Now, he needed it.
Gabriel stalked slowly over to Ettie. His eyes glared at her during his walk.
Ettie’s eyes got big for a second, and then she glared back at him, not moving. Ettie never backed down from a fight. She was never afraid of anyone, or at least let them see, if she was afraid.
Gabriel stopped two inches in front of her. He towered over her. Eggs still dropping onto the floor. He tried to look intimidating.
After a staring contest that lasted for about a minute, Gabriel sprang forward and picked up Ettie and gave her the tightest hug he could without suffocating her.
He then placed her on the floor, smiled and
nodded to himself, and walked back over to the counter. It never once occurred to him to strike her. This was a game after all. He wanted revenge fit for her. It was a game he was raised to play thanks to her and his brothers. It’s funny she still knew how to play and wanted to. He would now wait for her next move.
Ettie stared at him as he walked back over to his current dish, still looking angry. Did he really just pick her up and smoosh egg bits all over her and all she could think about was the way he smelled? Oh god, he smelled like pure man. And the hard muscles…
Ettie shook her head to get a hold of herself. She opened her mouth for a quick retort when a knock on the door sounded. “We’ll discuss this in minute.” Ettie said. “Take your time returning,” Gabriel yelled back.
Ettie opened the door and her friend Amy smiled back. Ettie had forgotten about the visit, but this morning had already thrown her off her normal routine.
Amy kept her smile for a second, and then she saw Ettie covered in food and opened her mouth to ask when Ettie replied, “Please, don’t ask. Come in, but I’m going to change. There’s plenty of food in the kitchen. Please, help me eat it!” She added loudly so Gabriel could hear.
Amy closed her mouth knowing Ettie’s moods and went straight to the kitchen.
Ettie went to her room and took a quick shower to cool down. He was just trying to be nice, she thought, but all the food? Really?
So no boyfriend for the week, no vacation, she received a stalker, and lost all her food. What would happen next during her week of excellent luck?
Ettie grabbed a t-shirt and jeans and threw them on and headed to the kitchen. She tied her hair up not bothering to brush it yet.
She could hear laughter from both parties immediately, which made her put on a sulky face.
When Ettie reached the kitchen, she stopped once again. The mess was all cleaned up, Gabriel was shirtless and…. God-like, and Amy was almost literally eating from the palm of his hand.
Sighing in defeat, Ettie grabbed a plate and
loaded it with as much as she could and took a seat at the table trying to ignore the conversation.
“Oh Ettie, I love this man.” Amy said in between spurts of laughter. “Gabriel you have to meet Ben, you guys would get along great.” 
Ettie rolled her eyes. Of course her friend loved him. But maybe that’s how this stalker worked. Let everyone think you’re great and they’ll never suspect you. So when you do the deed others will be on your side even if you kill their friends.
Ettie pushed the absurd notion out of her head but gave Gabriel a suspicious glance.
“Ettie, I have something I want to tell you too. It’s pretty important. I’ve also known for awhile… but a little afraid to mention it because then it would be true. Which is silly... It’s obviously true...” Amy mumbled out.
Ettie looked at her friend seriously. She never acted like this and was she nervous? She was mumbling and rushing everything out she was saying. Whatever it was, Amy was nervous and anxious about it.
“Ettie…. Me and Ben are expecting.” Ettie’s jaw dropped.
Gabriel picked up there without missing a beat, “Congratulations Amy, how far along are you?!”
“Thanks Gabriel, and two months actually. Not enough to show or anything.”
Ettie came out of her stupor. She stood and made her way to Amy. “Oh my gosh, woman! That’s amazing!”
She hugged her friend. Something she never did. Amy almost didn’t know how to react to the hug. Ettie was usually too “manly” for hugs. She had a big bubble. Amy warned everyone before they met Ettie that she had this big bubble around her, protecting her personal space, so they wouldn’t hug her. That made this seem so… unexpected.
“Thanks Ettie.” Ettie let go of her friend, “Are you nervous?”
“Oh my gosh, yes,” Amy said. “So is Ben, but I think he’s more excited,” Amy smiled.
“Dang. And it’s okay you didn’t tell me sooner,” Ettie said sarcastically, but jokingly.
Amy shoved her friend a little. “So what are you guys doing today? I actually have an appointment today. So I’m going there next. Then, I‘m going to eat with Ben.” Amy asked curiously and prompted.
Ettie looked at Gabriel. “Well, we’re going
shopping that’s for sure. For food and clothes. For which you will pay me back.” Ettie said to Gabriel.
“Of course,” Gabriel replied like a gentlemen. Which only infuriated Ettie more. Did he have to be so nice? Couldn’t she hate him for just a little bit?
Amy looked at Ettie, “Well….that sounds
like….fun.” Amy winked at Gabriel.
She then leaned in towards him and whispered, “Good luck,” and stood up to leave.
“I heard you, Amy,” Ettie said staring at her friend. 
Amy smiled, “I don’t know what you’re talking about, but I’ll see you two later. Have fun! Remember, call me, Ettie.” And with that Amy opened and shut the front door.
Ettie looked at Gabriel. “I have some bigger t-shirts that I usually work in the yard in if you want one, but no pants or shoes your size, obviously.”
Gabriel looked at Ettie and nodded, “That is most appreciated.” ‘So now she’s nice?’ He thought confusingly. Must have been one good shower.
Ettie nodded and stood up. She walked down the hallway, but yelled to Gabriel, “You know you don’t have to be all gentlemen-like with me. I know what you’re really thinking, you’re a guy. So just act normal. Ya know, laid back.”
Gabriel rolled his eyes. “If that pleases you, I will do so.”
Ettie rolled her eyes as she brushed her hair real quick and then grabbed one of her big shirts out of her drawer.
She then walked out of her room and back into the kitchen, “Yes, it pleases me.” She mocked. “Okay, let’s go.”
Gabriel put the shirt on right there in the kitchen and Ettie tried not to look. It was like he had no boundaries or embarrassment. But most guys didn’t. Heck that’s why they could pee in front of each other!
Gabriel and Ettie grabbed what they needed, went out the front door after locking and double checking it, and made their way to the car.
Ettie didn’t want it to be awkward between them with silence and what not, so after starting the car she turned on the music. Gabriel didn’t seem to mind, so she pulled out of her driveway and made her way to town.
After ten minutes, they finally made it to the middle of town. They arrived at Wal-Mart and it seemed empty as usual. But Ettie liked that. She didn’t care for crowded places.
She parked in the back and got out. After waiting for Gabriel to do so, she then locked the doors and headed inside.
Gabriel followed behind her without complaining even though she knew the pavement had to be scorching for him since he was barefoot. It was almost noon. Maybe he deserved burning feet anyway.
He was probably lying about his leg too, because it was working fine today. He hadn’t complained once about it. Besides Ettie was sure his leg wasn’t the only thing he was lying about.
They reached the sliding doors and walked
inside. Ettie went over to the greeter, “Hello, I’m looking for the men’s department?”
He looked at her and smiled, “Yes, it’s to the left, right before house and home,” the greeter replied.
“Thank you,” Ettie said and led Gabriel over there. She was crossing her fingers that the greeter wouldn’t notice Gabriel had no shoes on. It was probably not allowed, but after they walked out of sight she breathed a little more freely. Ettie would return later for a cart because they would definitely need one. She just cared about getting Gabriel away from the employee’s eyes for
now.
Ettie headed for shoes first, because she knew where they were. Hello! She was a girl, even if she did just buy tennis shoes instead of heels.
They went down the men’s aisle. “Okay, what size do you wear?” She looked over her shoulder at Gabriel who shrugged. 
She rolled her eyes, “Okay, well, try some
on.” Gabriel reached for a nice black pair of tennis
shoes, but grabbed a size 6. With Gabriel’s size Ettie was judging he was a bit bigger than a size 6. She wore a size six in men’s shoes. “Why don’t you grab a bigger size? Maybe 10 or higher?”
After about ten minutes, Gabriel figured out he wore a size thirteen and wanted that same pair he tried on first. He was an easy shopper. Not like her or Amy at all. But what did she expect, he was a guy. If it fit they wore it.
After walking the rest of the store, Ettie had
picked out socks, three shirts, two pairs of jeans, but let him pick out boxers or briefs. Then, they headed for the dressing room.
Of course, Ettie suggested he come out and let her see the clothes he tried on just to make sure they fit. And, of course, for an excuse to make him turn around to see his backside. Hey, she was getting something for her money anyway.
He came out of the dressing room and went back in numerous times. He wanted to see every shirt with every pair of pants and vice versa.
You’d think he’d never been in a dressing room before! One of the workers sitting at the desk of the dressing room ready to take any unwanted clothes, stared at Gabriel every time he came out.
She was young and doe eyed. Eternity felt a pang of jealousy for some unknown reason and shot the clerk a glare before she could stop herself. What should she care about her stalker’s love life? Not ‘her’ stalker …. Uh … just the creepy, hot, buff guy living with her. Okay, that didn’t even sound good in her head.
After countless minutes of waiting for the man to like the clothes he was wearing, he finally came out. Ettie was almost asleep and slouching in her waiting chair. She straightened up quickly after seeing him, though.
Since Gabriel now had shoes, they returned for a cart. Gabriel put all his clothes inside it. Then, they made their way to the food section.
Gabriel was like a child through this section. He wanted to look and taste everything at all the free sample booths. She almost had to hold his hand.
But after thirty minutes, she had a full cart and plenty of things for the week for both of them.
They made their way to the check out and Ettie made sure to hand in all tags for the clothes Gabriel was wearing. She hated shoplifters. And she was always honest. It was probably her pride at fault, but, hey, it was a good fault.
Gabriel smiled at this, but made sure she didn’t see. At least she was honest. And he was proud of her for this.
Gabriel helped push the cart out to the car and loaded it in the trunk. He wished he could help pay for his things, but that was not part of his objective. Just part of his male pride.
After packing the trunk full of groceries, they made their way home.

Chapter 24

The King sighed after watching their progress. Gabriel was in, at least. That was a relief. The King knew getting a Redeemer into a time period current or past was hard to do. Mortals were paranoid about everything, but they should be. They all had good reason to doubt.
HE thought of the tricks of the Dark Lord. Many Redeemers’ lives were lost because of him. From past and present ventures. Thinking of lives lost always brought back an unhealed wound of the King’s.
The King reached out and touched the water once again. Changing the present time pool, unlocking it to glance at a different time in the past.
The King was the only one who could do this. The only one who knew how and was powerful enough to do so.
The scene spun back in time as before. A crowd was standing on a hill gathered around a couple and a priest. The words were unclear, but the King stared on like HE knew what they were by heart.
The scene flashed again to a small cottage where a woman was out front waving. The same woman from the other clip of history. A man was leaving her. He stopped, though, and ran back to her.
He picked her up and spun her around. She
giggled until he set her back down. She told him to wait and ran back in the house.
She came back out to him shortly after going inside and handed the man a cloth. He took it and pressed it to his heart.
He kissed her and said his goodbyes again. He took the white cloth with flowers sewn on it and tucked it into his shirt, then turned and left.
The King touched the water and it flashed back to Gabriel and Eternity. The King took a deep breath to try to calm down.
Michael had entered the courtyard, but stopped when he saw the King touch the water. HE often reviewed these clips, looking for answers or just for memory purposes.
Michael turned and slowly left the courtyard to leave the King alone with HIS thoughts. He didn’t want the King to know that he knew the King could use the pools to look at any time. It wasn’t a big secret, but the King didn’t spread the information around. HE wanted it a secret for a reason.
Michael had always blamed himself for that loss. For the woman the King had had to give up. They all felt that loss. Especially his brothers and him. But he would fix this. He had to for his King. He would find a way, eventually.

Chapter 25

Ettie parked her car and started to get out, but stopped. “Look, I’m sorry I yelled at you this morning. Oh and that I threw eggs at you, but...”
Gabriel cut her off, “No apologies necessary. You were right. There was no need for me to cook all that food and waste it. It’s alright. I’m a guest in your house and I should have asked permission. Even to leave the couch.”
Ettie stared at him hiding a smile, and then
nodded, “You are so weird.” Gabriel didn’t miss the smile on her face as she got out. He smiled too and also got out.
He helped her unload the car and put everything away.
Then, they got another helping of the buffet and went into the living room. He sat in the chair and she on the couch.
Eternity turned on Law and Order as usual.
Gabriel immediately spoke up though, “Would you mind if we just talked while we ate? You’ve been so kind to let me stay I’d like to know more about you.”
Ettie stopped chewing and turned and looked at Gabriel. “Remember when I said no creepy vibes?…. Yeah I just got one. You have no need to know any more about me. Unless you’re a stalker.”
Gabriel chuckled, “Sorry, but can we just have a conversation? It doesn’t have to be about you. We could talk about anything.”
Ettie glared at him, but turned off the T.V. “So, what should we discuss?” Ettie said trying to mock Gabriel’s accent.
Gabriel replied with a good comeback, “How about your lack of men standards?”
“Next!” Ettie said quickly.
 “Why? That seems to be a topic that needs much improvement?” Gabriel said truthfully now.
Ettie glared in between bites, “And how would my little stalker know this? You have been spying on me haven‘t you? And not that it‘s any of your business!”
Gabriel smiled when he thought of a window to free himself of any suspicions, “Actually, me and Amy discussed it this morning.” 
Ettie sighed, “Fine,” Ettie said feeling betrayed by her friend. That hooker! So she was behind this. Might as well get it over with quickly.
“If it makes you happy you can have two
minutes on the subject, for Amy‘s sake. Go.”
Gabriel set his plate down and swallowed.
Preparing himself so he didn’t just attack her for her stupidity. “Alright. First, why do you pick losers that always seem to cheat or lie to you? You are better than that. I know just from the last day I’ve known you.”
Ettie rolled her eyes, “Because they’re the best lovers. What the hell, do you think I want those types of guys? No, no one wants to be treated like garbage. Like they’re nothing and easily replaceable. I want to feel like I’m special to someone, but something I use for my standards, as you say, is lacking so please, feel free to lecture me on it with all your remembered experience.”
Ettie realized she had exploded a bit and tried to pull her feelings back. But for women, once you open the emotions up it’s hard to pull them in.
She could feel the tears start to form behind her eyes. Besides, she had just broken up with that last loser and her feelings were still freshly hurt. There was no reason Ettie wanted to cry on this stranger’s shoulder. It wasn’t even his business. She had let him speak because Amy brought it up. But she couldn’t handle much more. And now she was going to cry. She needed a distraction or something. She hated crying!
Gabriel looked at Ettie like he understood her pain. He spoke softly, “Do you really want my advice or would you like to use me to vent because I would gladly let you. You need to let it out and I’m here.”
Ettie stared at Gabriel like that was the nicest thing he could have ever said. And unfortunately it made the tears come.
These were silent tears. Ettie tried to look down at her food to hide them but it didn’t seem to be working.
Ettie thought about getting up, but didn’t want to be a coward like she was retreating. Instead, Gabriel stood and came over to the couch. He didn’t move to touch her, but instead sat next to her.
Ettie didn’t know what for. It reminded Gabriel of training an animal. Letting the animal come to you. Not forcing her to come. Ettie always thought of herself as a wild child anyway. Never to be tamed.
She didn’t want to go to him, but then again she wanted to touch him, for her own selfish fantasies. But right now…. She just needed support. From anyone.
Then again, he was attractive, but she didn’t want that right now. Men had caused the pain she was feeling at this very moment. The last thing she wanted was another. But she needed a hug and Amy wasn’t around, so that was her excuse. She would use him for emotional support and that was all.
Ettie leaned over onto his shoulder and Gabriel let her, not moving to touch her or make her feel uncomfortable, but just letting her release all her pent up emotions.
This wasn’t really where he wanted the conversation to go. He wanted to beat some sense into her. She was picking losers to date and he hated it. She was better than all those guys. She deserved someone better, someone like….
But then again, when he really thought about it he had no say in who she dated, but it still bugged him. And curse this mortal body. How did men go through one day like this without attacking a female? It was horrible!
Even now his body was humming for Eternity. She was crying and upset, but still touching him and he wanted nothing more than to kiss her and hold her to him!
After ten minutes of trying to stop crying, Ettie felt Gabriel slide off the couch and disappear. Ettie was immediately embarrassed, ‘Great, I scared him off' she thought. ‘Stupid, stupid, stupid.’
But he came back with tissues in hand. Ettie
giggled and took them from him. “Thanks,” Ettie said calming down now that she let herself explode.
“Sorry,” Gabriel said, “I wasn’t trying to open any wounds. Especially fresh ones.”
Ettie smiled after wiping her face, “No, it’s okay. I hadn’t had a chance yet to cry over the newest loser with everything going on, so you got a free show. Tell anyone and you’re dead.”
Gabriel chuckled, “Yes ma’am.” Ettie looked at Gabriel and tried to change the subject as she composed herself, “So what about you and women?”
Ettie got up and threw her tissue away in the kitchen.
After wiping under her eyes, she came back out under control now and dry faced. The only evidence of her tears were red eyes.
Gabriel stared at her, “Well, I’ve never really…. I don’t know…. I just haven’t found her yet. That I remember anyway.” He added quickly remembering he was supposed to have lost his memory. “No first girlfriends or any other women sit in my mind. If I had someone I think I‘d remember them at least.” Gabriel got shy and looked away.
“What?!” Eternity said shocked once she
realized what he was saying,” Are you telling me you’ve never even been kissed? That you remember anyway.”
Gabriel looked over at Ettie, finally, but he was a little shy to answer. “Nope. I’ve never been kissed to my knowledge. Maybe a peck on the cheek. That seems familiar, but I can’t recall the girl.”
He glanced sulkily at Ettie. Ettie couldn’t even close her mouth. It just hung open. Gabriel started to look upset, but Ettie was shocked!
“How is that possible? Have you looked in the mirror? Women would crawl all over you. You’re attractive and strong and that accent…”
Ettie stopped. Had she really just said that out loud?
Gabriel just stared at her wide eyed. Had Ettie just said that? About him? She thought he was attractive and….and… Gabriel tried to think about something else. Didn’t some men say the pledge of allegiance or something at this point? 
He had no experience with this body and he was getting frustrated! Everything set his body off, little or big. He was getting upset by her laughing and shock at his inexperience with women, but what she said had made up for it.
Ettie cleared her throat. ‘Was she about to say this? Yes, he had been there to let her cry on him so he deserved something. ‘Besides she was an emotional wreck. All actions for the next ten minutes were excused,’ she thought.
Ettie cleared her throat, “Sorry, didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable. Or tease you, but… I would gladly be your practice kissing dummy, just ah…throwing that out there.”
Ettie tried to keep a straight face. But after
seeing Gabriel’s shocked face she laughed not able to hold it back any longer.
Gabriel joined in, chuckling until it turned into laughter. Ettie wiped her eyes and continued eating.
Gabriel finally stopped laughing and looked at her still smiling. “Actually, I would like that,” Gabriel said. ‘Had that just come out of his mouth?’ Gabriel thought. Well he was in a human body so maybe his actions could be excused. All his body wanted was her. And he wasn’t totally thinking with his head.
Ettie started coughing on her food. Gabriel
handed her the drink on the table. “Sorry, didn’t mean to…uh…”
Ettie waved her hand at Gabriel to tell him it was okay as she tried to swallow her food correctly.
Gabriel stared at her as she caught her breath. “No, it’s okay. Because… you let me cry on you and you won’t tell, so I will give you a free one.” Gabriel gave her a half smile.
Ettie was already sitting close enough to him their thighs were touching, so she turned enough to look at him straight. “Okay, first you lean into me and kiss me. I want to see where we’re starting from.”
Gabriel stared at her with a confused look on his face.
“Ugh, okay, fine. I’ll kiss you first.” Ettie said. She leaned in and just brushed a simple kiss across his lips. It stunned her as soon as they touched. Lightning seemed to shoot from him to her. She leaned back and recovered quickly as to not let him see her shock. She was not an inexperienced child and she shouldn’t let him see her act like one. She was the teacher here.
“That was just a simple kiss. Better ones last
longer or are fueled with passion. But we won’t worry about those right now. Now, you kiss me. You start it, women like that.” She giggled like a girl for the first time to him.
Gabriel leaned over and kissed her, this time trying to go by instinct, not experience. Because he honestly didn’t have any. It probably wasn’t the best thing to do with this body, because he didn’t know where the off button was.
He turned his head and Ettie did also, turning the other way and slowly opening her mouth to deepen the kiss.
Gabriel started to get lost in his attraction for her. He leaned over farther pushing her down on the couch. She put up no fight, letting him, getting lost in the moment herself. His body covered hers, but not in a crushing way.
The kiss finally ended and Ettie’s senses slowly came back as she opened her eyes. “Not bad. You uh… are a fast learner,” she said panting.
He chuckled and she giggled. Gabriel got back up off of her, red faced. “Sorry, I wasn’t trying to go farther but uh…”
“No,” Ettie cut him off,” It’s totally okay. I
wanted to be taken advantage of. You won’t be single for long you kiss another girl like that.” Ettie giggled and shoved him in a friendly way. Any awkwardness was immediately gone.
He liked that about her. He liked being around her again. It was so comfortable and easy to relax. 
The attraction Ettie felt for this man was intense at the moment. He was one of the best kissers she had ever… kissed. She needed to change the subject or things might get interesting, in Amy‘s opinion. And she didn’t want that from this guy. She did not trust him. But part of that appealed to her. He was dangerous. Or mysterious.
“So, how’s that memory coming?” Ettie asked. Gabriel smiled at the change of subject.
“Not good, actually. And uh… is Amy coming over for dinner because I could make us something?”
Ettie stared at Gabriel, “No, I don’t think so and besides if she shows up we have plenty of food already made.” Gabriel smiled at that.
There was silence for a while. “So you wanna watch Law and Order?” Ettie suggested.
“Yes, please,” Gabriel replied and he turned on the T.V. It was the closest thing to the pledge he had at the moment.

Chapter 26

Michael was gaping at the pool, along with his brothers, all standing behind the King. All four of them were just staring with their mouths open at what they had just seen. 
They felt bad at first for spying on Gabriel and Eternity, but they actually kissed! Gabriel and Eternity! Kissed! Together! The two of them!
The King turned to see the four brothers behind HIM staring and shocked. HE rolled HIS eyes. ‘Of course ‘, the King thought, ’I would be the only one to notice any attraction there to begin with.’
The King shoed the boys out of the room and continued watching. If only HE had some popcorn.

Chapter 27

Around 10 am Thursday morning, Ettie woke up in bed. This time to no smell of wonderful breakfast. She smiled to herself.
She got up and showered and changed.
Last night nothing exciting happened after the kiss, but it was all she could think about. Was she crazy to fall for her stalker? Or was it really okay, almost meant to happen? How else would you explain it?
 But not yet. She couldn’t yet. There was too much against him to trust him or let herself fall for him. She needed to ask him about that picture, though. If he thought it was him maybe it would give them both some answers. Or probably just more questions in that case, but she would see.
Ettie decided to put on make-up today. She felt like being pretty. She put on jeans and a tight shirt and went to warm up some breakfast.
Gabriel was still asleep as she peeked over the couch so she let him sleep. She quietly made her way past him and into the kitchen.
Ettie grabbed a plate from the cabinet and
opened the fridge. Then, she fixed herself a plate from the fridge, warmed it up, and went in to sit in the living room. She very quietly sat on the chair and turned on the T.V. with the sound down low. She didn’t want to wake Gabriel.
Today, she decided to watch a different show. So she flipped through channels until she saw one of her favorites. “Kate and Leopold.” It was a chick flick but come on, Hugh Jackman? Yes, we’re watching it. She was part girl and it fit what she was feeling right now.
After she finished her plate, Amy texted her. Pulling her phone out of her pocket she opened the text. It said she probably wouldn’t make it over today, but once again she wanted any details.
Ettie text her back that it was totally cool, that she was getting used to Gabriel anyway. And that they had kissed.
Amy text back immediately one word. Details! Ettie laughed.
So Ettie told the whole ironic story of how it all happened in 3 texts. Then, she text Amy about showing Gabriel the picture she had of him to see what he said.
She, then, quietly stood and took her plate into the kitchen and placed it in the sink. She would wash it later. She wanted to be lazy on her vacation.
Amy replied ‘great thinking and I gotta go, but keep me informed!’ Ettie smiled and put her phone in her pocket.
She turned around in her happy stupor and Gabriel stood behind her. Her smile immediately fled her face as if she was caught in the act of something bad.
“Morning, you kind of scared me,” Ettie said sounding out of breath, but smiling.
Gabriel smiled sleepily, “Sorry, but Hugh
Jackman always makes me hungry too.” Ettie laughed and she went back to the T.V.
Gabriel stayed in the kitchen and got some food himself. He came back in the living room a short time later and they finished the movie without anyone complaining while he ate his food.
While the credits were rolling, Ettie tried not to smile or sigh and looked at Gabriel. Chick flicks always got her into a girly love stupor. Just like Amy did at the mention of a boy.
“So what do you want to do today? Any leads on your memory?” Ettie asked.
Gabriel thought as he put his plate on the coffee table and finished his last bite. If he could do anything he wanted with Eternity while pretending to work on his memory, what would it be?
“Well, maybe we should go for a drive? If I live around here, something must jog my memory.”
Ettie nodded, “Okay, good thinking.” She stood as if ready to go, but Gabriel looked at her a little unsure.
“What?” She asked. “Would you mind if I used your shower?” He said shyly.
Ettie smiled,” No, go ahead. There’s a spare
bathroom down the hall. It’s in the spare bedroom and if you’d like you can move into that room. I was just trying to be mean earlier. And I didn’t want you to have it.”
Ettie looked a little ashamed, but she was
smiling.
“Thanks and it’s no problem. I’m a total stranger to you. It’s understandable you wouldn’t welcome me in,” Gabriel spoke, stood, and walked down the hall into that bedroom and closed the door.
About twenty minutes later, Gabriel came out of the bathroom, his hair wet, but brushed. His shirt was getting damp from it. He was all dressed and ready to go.
As he came down the hallway, he smiled. His teeth were amazingly white. She then remembered she had no toothbrush for him. There was tooth paste in there for guests, but that was it. She still needed to get some essentials for him.
“All ready?” She asked. He nodded. Ettie
grabbed her purse and keys and she and Gabriel walked out the door while checking the lock twice.
Gabriel walked ahead of Ettie and when Ettie unlocked the doors he held hers open.
Ettie laughed, “Why, thank you. But you’re
trying way too hard.” Gabriel just smiled in response.
Ettie started her car and decided to start with the basic parts of town. She drove through places everyone had to go through, like around the post office and police station. A fast food restaurant appeared here and there.
Each building was about two inches apart,
though. The main part of town was in the middle of everyone on a couple blocks all crammed together.
In a small town, there was only one of
everything. So their drive to jog Gabriel’s memory would be short. But if any place could jog it they would know fast.
With no luck yet, she made her way to the
outside of town just a little to see if it sprang anything, like around the antique shops and smaller businesses people that lived in town, owned.
Forest covered every part of the roads where there were no houses or buildings. Birds chirped and the wind blew through the car with the windows down. No music played this time, though.
Gabriel’s face stayed blank as he looked out the windows. Except when Ettie looked at him and he looked at her and smiled. That was all that happened. Ettie knew they were getting nowhere, but at least they were trying.
Ettie spotted Wal-Mart on the way home again and pulled in. She parked her car, got out, and Gabriel followed. He never asked why, just followed her.
They went in and Ettie went straight to the
bathroom aisle. She grabbed a toothbrush and thought about deodorant. She then went to that section and stood before the wall of brands.
“Do you have any preference?” She asked.
Gabriel looked at her and shook his head. Ettie grabbed a few and opened the lids. She sniffed a few till she found the perfect scent for her man…. Gabriel… for Gabriel, not her man, and then let him smell.
He nodded without really caring and they made their way to the check out. Ettie didn’t notice as Gabriel grabbed something and put it in his pocket.
Ettie paid as he carried the few things to the car. Gabriel, once again, hated that she paid, but what could he do about it.
Once back in the car, Ettie took the long way home. She loved the scenic route. She was hoping for some recognition from something for Gabriel, but she had to admit defeat.
Not bothering to ask, she could read his expressions almost perfectly. He was either not really recognizing anything or not really caring. She needed to know more about him, but she wouldn’t get any help from him to do so. So she would keep letting her curiosity eat at her. ‘Stalker or perfect man?’ She thought
When they finally reached her house, they got out and went inside. Ettie shut the door behind them locking it and sighed. “Maybe I should take you to a hospital. Maybe they could tell you something or the police could tell you something about a missing person!”
Ettie was getting excited. Why hadn’t she thought of this before! Duh!
Gabriel sighed. He reached into his back pocket. He pulled out a wallet. He opened it and showed her.
Inside there was nothing. No id, no money, no pictures of loved ones, nothing. It was totally empty.
“If someone was looking for me you’d think I would have something….. And if I go to the hospital I have no money for the bills or insurance, not even I.D….. I just don’t know Ettie. I already hoped for a clue, anywhere I could get it, but I’m striking out. I’d like to do this on my own, but it’s always a possibility if I can’t do it. But if you want me out of the house I complete-” he
started, hoping Ettie would say no and she did.
Ettie cut him off,” No, no I wasn’t saying that. I just want you to remember is all. You have to have some family somewhere. Don’t you want to remember where you really belong?” Gabriel stared at her as she put her purse away. Did she doubt his awesome lying skills?
“I mean someone somewhere misses you. A cat….a fish….a mother you live with?” Ettie asked and looked at him quizzically. Gabriel gave her an ‘are you serious?’ look.
Ettie smiled, “Well, I’m just looking for something wrong with you. You can’t be a perfect gentlemen without some baggage or an over loving mother. You can’t remember so how do you know?”
Gabriel rolled his eyes and plopped on the couch while smiling.
Ettie stood there looking at him. “So now what?” 
Gabriel looked at her not sure what to say to her. He was glad he had taken that wallet from the store. He regretted stealing it, but it was a just in case situation he needed to cover. He needed to convince her of his story, but how?
Ettie kind of wanted to kiss him again. She was such a hooker. But if you could see this man, he was a dream. Literally her dream man. Ettie wanted to take advantage of having him alone, but then again …..wasn’t he in her tree watching her two days ago? She needed to tread carefully, but so far so good.
She was falling hard for this man but couldn’t get the feeling out of her head that he wasn’t what he seemed. But soon one or the other would win; she would act on one of her feelings soon.
“Oh, by the way, take a look at this picture.” Ettie left the room to go get it. When she grabbed her camera, she saw another stone like the other one she found laying on the floor by her bed. She picked it up too and returned to Gabriel looking at it to make sure it was the same.
Gabriel knew what picture she was talking about. And he had prepared himself for this question since the beginning. But when she came in with one of those stones he was totally unprepared.
“Where did you find that?” He asked. Ettie
glanced at him, “By my bed. It’s the second one I’ve found in the last week. I have no clue where it came from. Do you know what it is?”
Gabriel answered without thinking, “It’s a tear.” He grimaced on the inside once it left his lips. Why had he said that? Now he was giving her clues freely? He had to be more careful.
“A tear?” She asked. Gabriel immediately saw a way to get himself out of this one. “Yeah, it’s like one of those dragons’ tears you can buy at the renaissance festivals or for fish bowls. Just a fake stone. Why do you have one?” Boy was he lucky he knew enough about the human culture of this century. No, he was lucky he had watched Eternity and learned something along the way.
Ettie shrugged, “I have no idea, and they just keep appearing. I have no fish.” She giggled and put it in her pocket.
She remembered her camera again. Her original mission. She turned it on and sat next to him.
“Who does that look like?” She asked. She
waited as he took it and stared at it for a moment. Gabriel stared at it. It was definitely him. But since it was only a half face picture of himself he could deny it. “Um, it looks like me, but …..I don’t remember posing for a picture. So…. Does this mean….. you’re my stalker?” He looked at her like he was serious.
“What?!” She said snatching the camera back. “No, I would not stalk anyone! Especially you!” Ettie fumed as Gabriel tried to hide his smile. He loved getting her riled up.
“You know this is you and I want answers. Why is it you?…. How is it you?” She stared at him incredulously and accusingly.
Gabriel tried to appear taken aback, “I wish I could give you the answers you want. It certainly looks like me. But I don’t know when you took it. And I’m not sure why you are freaking out about it.”
Ettie sat back down. When had she stood up? “I’m sorry it’s … It’s just from the other day. And I don’t know how I took it and then you appeared. I was just hoping to give us both answers. ” Ettie told Gabriel about the walk and the lightening.
Gabriel tried to act like this was all knew to him. Like he wasn’t there first hand. He nodded and looked shocked at all the right moments. He was starting to really hate lying to her, but what could he do? It was just for her trial. His hands were tied.
When Ettie finally finished, he blew out his
breath, “Well, I can see why you want answers, but unfortunately I have none. I wish I did. For the both of us. But I don’t think I could stop lightening. But thank you for thinking so highly of me.” Gabriel smiled to himself and closed his eyes.
He peeked out of the corner of his eye and saw Ettie glaring at him. “Well, thank you for nothing,” she retorted.
Ettie grumpily got up from the couch and went to her room with her camera. Why was she acting like a child? Was she pouting right now? Ettie had no answer for herself. Maybe part of her wanted this man to be her guardian angel. Meant for her, to protect her. Like in a romance novel. And she was a little let down he had no answers. But that was what she really wanted, right? She wanted to know what was going on.
And this seemed like her only clue. She was just upset she got nothing for her efforts asking.
Suddenly, she perked up a little at an idea.
Maybe he did know and was lying. She would have to get to the bottom of it. Some investigation on her side might do it. She could get it out of him the old fashion way. Femme fatale! She could get it out of him easily, especially if he was inexperienced with women like he said. ‘It was too easy,’ she thought.
She put the camera away and decided to change. First part of the plan. It was about five now, she saw. She could take him out to dinner and wine and dine him. Maybe answers would slip out. Didn’t feeding a man yourself, with your own fork, make him think darkly?
Or strawberries? She wouldn’t just stop at food to get a man. She would seductively feed him maybe with some aphrodisiacs. If not she had other means of torture.
Gabriel came back shortly and knocked on her door. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you.” He sounded truly upset.
Ettie stared at the door confused as she was
getting ready. “It’s okay. I’m sorry I got mad at you. I just wish you remembered something. And I was more upset at myself.” She paused, “Hey, are you hungry?” She giggled, “We could go to dinner if you are?”
Gabriel replied. “Sounds good to me as long as t-shirts are dress code. It is all I have.” He moved away from the door and down the hall.
Ettie looked down at her choice of clothing. Of course he had no nice clothes so she couldn’t wear anything that made him look under dressed.
She pulled the skirt off she just had put on and grabbed a pair of tight, hip hugging black jeans and a sparkly, low cut top, and threw them on.
She checked her makeup, retouched it a little and put on perfume, then left her room.
Gabriel was on the couch almost in the same position. Slouching and watching T.V. Ettie had her purse in hand ready to go. 
“Alright, what do you like to eat? You do remember that, don’t you?”
Gabriel turned to look at her with a smirk on his face ready for a smart retort. His face dropped and he stared at her for a second then shook his head as if to clear it. It made Ettie feel good to be stared at like this. What girl hated to be desired? Honestly?
“Um, let’s just drive and the first thing that
looks good, we’ll stop.” Gabriel suggested. 
“Hmmm. Spontaneous, I like it.” Ettie and Gabriel walked out to the car and got in.
Ettie drove for about thirty seconds through town when Gabriel spoke up. “What about there?”
Ettie looked where he pointed. “Taco Bell? That’s what you want?” Gabriel nodded. Ettie shrugged and pulled in to park. It was whatever he wanted for this part of Ettie‘s plan. But looks like no aphrodisiacs from here. That’s okay; she could pick her plan up later.
They both got out, locked the doors, and went in. There was no line as usual so Ettie walked right up to the counter.
They were so fast making anything here they never had a chance to form a line. She ordered two bean burritos without onions, a hard taco without lettuce, and a soda. He ordered a burrito, a hard taco, cinnamon twists, a quesadilla, a nacho bell grande, and a soda.
Ettie stared at him, but remembered what she was trying to do and went along with it. He was lucky Taco Bell was cheap.
She paid and smiled as she did it. Gabriel was too happy and anxious to care about her paying this time.
They got their sodas and a table and a couple minutes later went up to get their food. They both sat down across from each other and started eating.
Gabriel studied Eternity. He wasn’t sure how he felt, but he didn’t see Eternity as a friend any more. But he wasn’t sure about moving forward either. His body sure wanted to, but he was trying his hardest to use his head. He liked things the way they were, now and before.
He loved his Eternity. But this wasn’t really her, though. Well it was, but not how he knew her. She had different memories and….stuff….here. Hell, he didn’t have any idea what to do from here. He wasn’t dumb. He knew she wasn’t done getting information out of him and she would try some plan of hers. He knew that much of her. But would he be able to stop what he wanted?
He was referring to her using her body against him to get information, but he may not be able to say no to what she offered. He was blaming his attraction for her on his mortal body. Surely, when he was a full Redeemer again everything would be normal again. Surely….
Ettie ate in silence unsure of what to talk about. She was really starting to like her stalker. He was gorgeous, but that was a given. He was nice and not creepy towards her at all. He tried to make her happy with breakfast. And he had let her cry on him. But she wasn’t ready for another man. Right? She just broke up with a guy. She was supposed to be on vacation with him right now. So she needed to tread on this lightly. Be sure she wanted this even though he may still hurt her with his lies later.
But maybe she could go a little crazy once in a while or at least while on vacation. But what to talk about?
“Some weather, huh?” Ettie said. Gabriel raised an eyebrow.
“What?” Gabriel smiled. She was resorting to the weather question for a conversation starter. Her cheeks pink-end a little.
“Actually, yes, it is a nice evening. Perfect
temperature, slow breeze. We should do something tonight.”
Ettie stared at him. Where did that come from? But she wouldn’t complain. He was moving this along himself.
“We should…. Watch a movie?” Ettie smiled at his suggestion. “Okay, what movie?”
Gabriel thought for two whole seconds, “An action movie!” Ettie laughed, “Great idea. I’ll swing by Blockbuster on the way home.”
Ettie was no normal woman. She loved guy
things like action movies. This was convincing her she wanted him more and more.
They chatted about little things until they were done eating. Ettie flirted as usual.
Gabriel took both of their trash and threw it
away when they were done.
Ettie grabbed Gabriel’s arm and walked out to the car with him. She tried to throw flirtatious smiles his way which weren’t that hard to make. Gabriel reacted like a school boy in love for the first time. ‘Still too easy,’ Ettie thought. But part of it was because she meant it.
Ettie drove to Blockbuster, parked, and they both got out. Ettie locked the door and they walked inside, side by side, but once inside, Gabriel was like a kid in a candy store. He ran ahead of her and he had picked out about 5 movies to watch before Ettie even had a chance to catch up to him. Ettie, though, put a limit for just two movies.
Gabriel looked like he was about to cry or pout, Ettie wasn’t sure. He was cute, though. Ettie didn’t think he really noticed.
He finally settled on ‘3:10 to Yuma’ and one
for Ettie ‘The Dark Knight’. She loved Batman!
They paid, got in the car, and drove home. It was a quick drive because Gabriel chatted about the movies the entire time, totally excited!
Ettie parked, checked the locks, and they both got out. Gabriel with the movies, walked next to Ettie up to the door as she unlocked it. He then held it open for her.
Ettie smiled. It was almost like she was on a
date, but in her own house. She smiled to herself. She walked ahead of him, accepting his manners and thanking him. Gabriel shut the door and locked it, as Ettie’s normal standards.
Ettie set her purse on the coffee table and put in his movie first.
She left the lamp light on next to the couch, but the rest of the house was dark. Setting a romantic mood.
They both sat on the couch waiting for the movie to start up.
“You want some popcorn?” Ettie said while the previews were rolling.
“Sure,” Gabriel replied,” But I’ll get it.” Ettie smiled as Gabriel got up. Ettie checked her makeup in her compact mirror from her purse while Gabriel was in the kitchen.
He came back a short time later with popcorn in hand. Ettie was waiting on the main menu of the D.V.D. for him. He sat next to her on the couch and Ettie started the movie.
After about ten minutes into the movie, Gabriel glanced down. He reached his hand out and held Ettie’s hand in his.
Ettie glanced down a little surprised, but she let it happen. She even leaned into him. He was making this way too easy for her.
Gabriel leaned his head on hers. He could smell her girlie shampoo. He released her hand and wrapped his arm around her.
Ettie snuggled closer. Gabriel continued to
watch the movie as best he could. He kept looking down at her, thinking about her and him and what if’s during the movie that was unable to distract him like he thought it would.
After an hour of his action movie, Gabriel
glanced down again and Ettie was asleep. He smiled. He carefully picked her up and slowly made his way back to her room. He set her on the bed and carefully tucked her in.
He then, slowly and quietly, left her room and went back to the living room. He was tempted to touch her or kiss her, but he felt bad when she was asleep. Besides, Ettie may think it’s creepy and he couldn’t have that.
Ettie sleepily opened her eyes. He tried nothing! What kind of guy would pass that up? Only her Gabriel.
She smiled to herself as she slowly got out of bed. She wrapped a blanket around herself and went back out to the living room. She yawned as she came into the living room.
Gabriel looked at her questionably. Ettie said nothing as she sat next to him, pushed him back, laid next to him and covered them both with the blanket.
Warm now, Ettie snuggled close up to him and fell back asleep. He was falling right into her trap. But would she be able to pull the trigger when she needed to?
Gabriel smiled and slowly drifted asleep after her. Oblivious to her plan. He was in heaven.

Chapter 28

150 years earlier

“Are you coming?” A teenage impatient Gabriel asked through Eternity’s door.
“Yeah I’m hurrying, just let me grab my gear.” Eternity opened the door and shut it again behind her. She looked at him defiantly, ready to go.
Gabriel stared at her and looked her up and
down, “What are you wearing?”
Eternity stood there staring back at Gabriel
stubbornly, looking hurt; with her too big armor on that she had stolen from the barracks. It hung from her slim frame. It wouldn’t protect anything.
“What do you mean?” She said playing innocent. Gabriel gave her the “come on” look.
 “Well….it doesn’t come in my size and I wanted to wear some armor too, because you guys…mmm ay hmm to.” Eternity mumbled the last bit. She hung her head a bit looking like she was pouting. Her little lip did stick out a bit at the moment.
“I’m sorry, what was that?” Gabriel asked.
Eternity sighed. 
“I wanted to wear armor like you guys. Happy?” Eternity said each word slowly and sarcastically. She waited for him to make fun of her or….something. But he didn’t. He just smiled and pulled a box out from behind him.
“Yes and here. I had one made in your size.
Happy birthday.” Eternity took the box Gabriel had in his hands and didn’t even open it. She looked up at his face and started crying.
Gabriel started to get worried. “What? Did I do something wrong? Do you hate it?”
Eternity was waving her hand in the air. “No, it’s the best present I’ve ever gotten. I love it! You don’t know how much this means to me!” Eternity reached up and kissed Gabriel’s cheek. She then turned and went back into her room to change.
A stunned Gabriel reached up to his cheek and barely touched it. Then, he came out of his shock, looked around, and wiped it off just in case someone saw. He looked around, but saw no one. So he resumed waiting for his friend to change. Like nothing happened. But he would remember it. He smiled dumbly.
Beldane had just ducked around the corner he was spying from. He walked as he fumed. He made it to his room and quietly shut the door. Then, he exploded
He roared as he broke every piece of furniture in his room. He punched the wall as wood flew into the air.
When he finally caused enough damage to release his anger, he flopped on his mattress that now lay on the floor amidst rubble.
How could Eternity betray him like this? No, no she wasn’t betraying him yet. He had to end this relationship and soon! She was just confused and he was a teenage boy….. He had to make a plan. To protect her from Gabriel.
A knock sounded at the door. “Who is it?”
Beldane said angrily. The door opened and closed and Beldane looked up at who would dare enter his room.
“Hello, Beldane. I think we need to talk,” one of Gabriel’s brothers said. Beldane didn’t know his name, but he was always the quiet one. But what did he care? He hated anything resembling those brothers!
“You better leave. Look around at the chaos I can bring. That could be your head!” Beldane fumed.
The boy laughed at Beldane, “I know. That is why you are perfect for my plan to kill my brothers and take over this realm.” Beldane was instantly interested in everything this boy had to say.

Chapter 29

Present day

Ettie woke up as a knock sounded at her door. It was Friday, vacation was almost over. Despair fleetingly flew through her, but she wouldn’t dwell on time. She couldn’t stop it when she was enjoying herself, so best not to dwell on it.
She slowly crawled over Gabriel who was still asleep on the couch, and made her way to the door.
She unlocked and opened the door to find Amy smiling at her. 
“Oh I’m sorry, did I wake you?” She said. She peeked around Ettie to see Gabriel still asleep on the couch.
“Yeah, but it’s okay. Come on in.” Amy walked in quietly and she and Ettie went to the kitchen.
“So,” Amy said once they were alone, “How’s it going? Any more progress?”
Ettie couldn’t help but smile to herself. “This is all your fault, ya know. But yes, I fell asleep on him last night as we watched a movie. He carried me to bed, but I came back out with a blanket and cuddled with him till we both fell asleep on the couch.”
Amy was smiling and giggling to herself. She waited for Ettie to continue.
Ettie rolled her eyes. “That’s it.” Ettie said. Amy frowned, “No goodnight kisses or anything? He didn’t try anything?… Is he gay?”
Ettie glared at her friend. “No, he’s not gay, but I’m not sure, for one, that he has any experience with this sort of thing. And two, I think he has too much…… uh…. What’s the word?…. Chivalry or… gallantry. I don’t know, but he hasn’t tried anything yet. I’m not sure he wants to. I just don’t know anything about him.”
Ettie plopped down at the table a little frustrated. Amy sat down too. “Well, maybe it’s not meant to be. He is dreamy, though. Has he had any luck with his memory?”
Ettie shook her head,” No, and I don’t know what to do about that either. He wants to figure this out on his own he said. Oh and about the picture… he accused me of being his stalker and said he has no answers for me.”
Amy smiled, “Figures. Men.” Ettie looked at her friend but didn’t speak. “What?” Amy asked.
Ettie answered, “I think he’s lying. I’m going to try to get it out of him tonight.”
Amy giggled, “What’s your plan?” ‘Ettie had a plan for everything and they were good,’ Amy thought.

Chapter 30

Gabriel slowly sat up after the girls went into the kitchen. Man, was last night ever amazing.
Gabriel shook his head. He was actually falling in love with her. Maybe he had been in love the entire time and he was just now acknowledging it. He needed to spend some more time with Ettie. He wanted to. To enjoy himself, but he felt selfish. He needed to protect her and instead he wanted to party and hang out. And,
unfortunately, he didn’t really know how to ask.
He stood up and stretched. He then headed for the spare shower. He needed to clear his head before, and if, he was confronted by the questioning Amy, wanting any details from his side of the story about last night.
He smiled as he walked back to the spare room and shut the door.



Chapter 31

Amy giggled as she and Ettie plotted together. “That sounds great! But feel free to improvise.” She said in between giggles.
Ettie smiled, “Oh don’t worry, I’ll see my chance and move in.” They both laughed.
“Oh, Ettie. Anyways …. I probably should get going, seeing as you’re still alive,” Amy said and laughed, “some of us still have to work. The house won’t clean itself ya know.”
Ettie stood up, helping her friend to her feet. “I’m not that big yet. I can still move on my own,” Amy said, trying to slap Ettie’s hands away.
Ettie still helped her up and walked her to the door. “Okay, Ettie, I will see you later, and text me!” Ettie smiled and told her she would. As always.
Amy left smiling and Ettie shut the door and locked it.
Ettie suddenly heard running water. She glanced at the couch and, not seeing Gabriel, assumed he was in the shower. She needed one too. But she would wait.
She went back into the kitchen and decided to make breakfast. Just something small, because there were technically leftovers, but she was getting tired of the same buffet.
She decided to make biscuits and gravy, a
food not made the other morning. But one she still loved.
Gabriel was probably hungry as well so she made plenty for both of them.
As she just finished cooking and filling her plate, Gabriel walked in the kitchen. His hair was wet, but he looked ready for the day. He smelled so good as he walked up next to Ettie to fix his plate.
“Is Amy gone?” Gabriel asked also making a plate. 
“Yeah, she just dropped in to see if you had
murdered me yet,” Ettie said and smiled.
Gabriel formed a small smile as he poured gravy on his biscuits. Ettie took a seat at the table and started eating. 
Gabriel turned to look at her, “So do we have any plans today?”
Ettie looked up from her plate, “Why, is there something you would like to do?” 
Gabriel took a bite and leaned against the counter. He swallowed the bite and spoke shyly, “I was thinking maybe we could do something together.”
He wasn’t looking at her. Ettie wanted him to just spit out whatever it was he wanted to say, “Like what?”
Gabriel took a breath and looked at her, “I know you may not know who I am and you may not fully trust me but….” he paused and looked at Ettie.
She nodded her head, “Uh huh.” Gabriel finally pulled enough courage together, “Would you want to go out today?…. With me? Like a …date?”
Ettie stared at him. A gorgeous man just asked her out. Who wouldn’t say yes? But this was a man she didn’t really know anything about. She should be wary. But look at him. And the last couple days had been nice. She then remembered her plan. She smiled. He set it up himself. But she would be careful. All she had to do was follow through with her plan and get some answers. “Okay, I‘d love to.”
Gabriel smiled, Eternity had said yes! To going out with him! He smiled back at her and continued eating. After thinking about it all morning, Gabriel had decided to ask her out today. He had been so nervous to ask, but it had been worth it. Today would be just about them.
They finished eating and Gabriel wanted to do the dishes. So Ettie let him as she went to take a shower too.
Gabriel finished up way before Ettie was done getting ready. So he decided to head into the living room to watch some T.V. until she was done.
As he was sitting down, though, a thought
popped into his head. What were they going to do?
Thunder roared and shook the house. Gabriel smiled.
He picked up Ettie’s computer and easily typed the topic in the search bar and searched the local areas for a trail. He had no idea what this Goo-gle was, but it said search here so he did. 
He wanted a trail that Ettie never went to. Maybe one they could walk that had some waterfalls!
He searched and found one an hour away
called Broken Arrow. They could pack a picnic and he’d have to drive so it was a surprise. ‘It shouldn’t be too hard to drive’, he thought. He knew how she loved photography, and this was personal for her like the armor he gave her. Something that meant a lot to her. He wanted to surprise her with more inspiration.
He wrote down the directions, put the computer back, and was just finishing up packing the picnic foods when Ettie came out all ready to go.
Her hair was curled and she had on a tank top and jeans. ‘She is absolutely beautiful’ Gabriel thought.
“What are you doing?” She asked. “It’s a
surprise, “ he replied, “We’re going on a picnic, but bring your camera. And can I drive your car?”
Ettie stared at him for a second. “You know it’s supposed to rain today? Our picnic might get ruined.”
Gabriel just looked at her, “It might be an
adventure. Besides, don’t act like it’s not tempting. Stormy weather and a picnic outside. Think of the
pictures.” Gabriel left the bait dangling out there.
“Okay, we’ll go,” Ettie added quickly and
getting excited, “but if it gets too bad we’re coming home.” Ettie wanted to go, but the last time she went out in the rain it didn’t go very well. But this time she did have her protector!
Gabriel knew what she was thinking and
worrying about, but he would show her a great time. The time she was meant to have. The time all the other losers she dated failed to show her. 
All ready to go, they walked out to the car with the food after locking the front door. Ettie threw the keys to Gabriel and he unlocked the doors and placed the food in the back.
He settled in the driver’s seat and tried to start the car as Ettie had. Ettie let him try and kept staring at him. The engine wouldn’t even turn over. He finally looked at her.
She smiled and spoke, “Most people with a
sports car want a manual engine,” he kept staring at her so she continued, “You know, a stick.” He continued staring at her. She giggled, “Okay, put your foot down on the far left pedal and the middle pedal. Then, turn the key.” He did and the car started right up. He looked at her and smiled.
Then, he killed it. The car jerked forward a little and died. Ettie laughed and said, “Do you want me to drive? You can just give me directions piece by piece and not tell me where I’m going to end up.” Gabriel nodded but he looked a little disappointed as they switched seats.

Chapter 32

Beldane sighed. He was now rested up. That first attack did take a lot out of him. Elemental attacks usually did. Bending the world to your whim was a big power he was still learning. But he wouldn’t let anyone see his
weakness. They would only see his power to destroy and end traitors’ lives. 
Eternity was going too far, but Gabriel was feeding her flames. He needed to end their relationship again. 
He knew about Gabriel staying with Eternity. He had occasionally checked in on them. But way out of sight and range. As to save his energy for his final attack.
He walked up to the cave mouth he had been sleeping in and looked up at the sky. Perfect flying weather. Not too cold, not too warm. And maybe a slight chance for rain, but that was okay.
Now, onwards to see what his prey was up to.

Chapter 33

Ettie drove at a slow pace because the directions Gabriel was giving her were all on back roads and gravel drives. The dust from the road rose up behind the car and in the mirrors.
After about an hour, Gabriel spoke, “We should be just about there by these directions.”
Ettie sighed, “Good, I’m tired of driving around out here in this car.” Every time a rock flew up and hit her car she winced. And since she was driving so slow, about 30-40 mph, she had to shift a lot. Not to mention the down shifting for hills, turns, etc. This was not a car you drove around in the country with. Her leg was killing her; it was so tired of hitting the clutch repeatedly.
Gabriel pointed, “There. Pull in by that sign.” Ettie did as he said, reading the sign as she turned. “Broken Arrow Trail” it read. She had never been out here to this trail. Of course, being an hour away, she hadn’t even looked for it. But it was sweet he knew she liked to take pictures when it was raining and he even found her a trail she hadn’t been on…..
Ettie paused. How did he know she liked to take pictures? And in the rain? She never mentioned it. She only pulled her camera out once while he was here and that was to show him the picture of him! This was her evidence he was lying. He remembered stalking her. He knew what she liked, the foods and the picture hobbies. She wouldn’t call him on it, but she would keep it as another piece of evidence. She would have to tell Amy though, later.
Part of her thought maybe this is what she needed. The stalker did things for her. But another part of her went on alert for not knowing who this man really was. It would help if he looked or acted like a creepy stalker. Not like the perfect guy.
Ettie parked the car and looked at Gabriel.
Thunder rolled over head.
Gabriel smiled, “Well, come on. I want to show you something!” 
Gabriel got out of the car and grabbed the food from the back. Ettie got out also and locked the doors. Gabriel held the bag of food in one hand and held out his other hand. Ettie smiled and took it. 
He may know things about her that he shouldn’t, but she still liked him. And he was totally excited to show her something. Maybe what was really going on wasn’t as bad as a stalker and a victim. She had no other example for a good idea but she would soon have answers. Soon.

Chapter 34

The King sat back from the pool and sighed. If only Eternity knew just how close she was to having answers. Gabriel shouldn’t be taking her out to a secluded place like this. It was too dangerous. But the King should have realized it was bound to happen sooner or later, their attraction to each other. But this was awful timing.
The King stood up and decided to take a break from watching to rest HIS eyes. HE walked through the courtyard into the Great Hall. Redeemers were busy in here. Some leaving, some arriving. Each on different missions. The ones standing in the Great Hall were discussing matters of upmost importance quietly.
One Redeemer in full battle attire landed by the gate. He was breathing heavily. He was young, a new recruit, and had been put on border patrol recently.
All new Redeemers had to be in the field for a few years until they earned a higher rank. The King knew all the recruits including this one. His name was David.
His leather armor was a little big on him, but he would grow into it. His red plume on his helmet imitated the Roman style. The helmet being slightly big, slid on his head crookedly.
He ran over to the King and kneeled. His arrival had quieted the room and all you could hear was his panting.
“Rise young one,” the King spoke. The
Redeemer stood and looked into the King’s eyes, “I’m sorry my King but….” the Redeemer tried to catch his breath again.
He reached into his bag at his side and pulled out a scroll. David handed it to the King. The significance of this scroll being returned meant only one thing.
The King took the scroll and put it in HIS robes. He didn’t need its’ contents shown to the whole room.
“Thank you, you may return to your post.” The King released the recruit who nodded and flew off again.
Michael had been standing in a corner watching the scene. He nodded to the Redeemer he was talking to and walked over to the King who was walking towards a hallway off the Great Hall.
“Is it news from the front? Is it from Uriel?”
Michael asked.
The King looked at Michael. His brother Uriel had taken the first wave of soldiers to the front, not to attack but to keep enemies at bay if need be. The King did not want a war to start, because it would end badly for both sides. But it may not be avoidable at this point.
The King had also given Uriel a Scroll to deliver to the Dark Lord if he could. The King’s last attempt at peace with a few other requests, but no one else knew about it, till now.
“No, but you may follow me if you like. I’m
heading off to my chambers to open it. I fear this holds only bad news for us.”
Michael nodded and stepped behind the King, following HIM silently.

Chapter 35

Thunder rolled over head again. The sky was getting greyer by the second. Ettie had her camera out; she couldn’t help herself, and was snapping away.
The trail was also all gravel, with trees bending over the trail covering the sky above. Even if it did rain they may not get wet. All different types of plants and trees were out here. In the spring, it would be beautiful in bloom.
Gabriel spotted a bench on the side of the trail after about twenty minutes of slow walking and picture taking. “Are you hungry?” He asked.
Ettie looked at him, “A little, but not really. This trail is just so pretty. How did you find it?”
Gabriel answered walking past the bench, “I goo-gel-led it.”
Ettie looked at him, “What?” Gabriel looked at her and repeated what he had just said. It took Ettie a minute before she understood what he was trying to say.
“You Googled it?” She corrected him. Gabriel shrugged not really caring. He didn’t like being corrected. Part of his male pride again.
They continued a little further until Ettie could hear running water.
Thunder still rolled over head. She wanted to get back before it rained on them, but was that water getting louder?
Up ahead Ettie could see a wooden railing and a cliff. She looked at Gabriel who smiled smugly.
Ettie smiled and ran up to the rail and stopped. It was a beautiful waterfall. Ettie didn’t even know there were any waterfalls in Kansas.
The cliff had to be 60 feet tall. Plants and wild flowers decorated the sides of the falls, over the cliff, and down into the muddy waters of Kansas.
She quickly snapped pictures of it. She would have to come back here when there was sunlight. All the colors would be beautiful in the sunlight.
Gabriel followed behind smiling. She was happy. Truly happy running around out here. Gabriel did want to kick himself, though. He couldn’t say Google? He watched Ettie for years in the pool learning how to do things as she did, how did he miss that? Maybe when he actually rested every 3 days she would get on this Google. Gabriel knew he didn’t miss much.
Ettie turned to look at him then and she smiled. For a second …he couldn’t breathe.
Of course, he may also have been side tracked while watching her in the pool, she outshone everything around her.
Ettie felt a drop of rain fall onto her hand. Looking up, she quickly put her camera away in her purse. Even though Gabriel was a stalker, it was still the nicest thing anyone ever did for her. She ran to him and grabbed his hand as more rain drops fell.
Was it bad to date a stalker if he treated her
better than the guys she usually dated?
They ran back into the trees to stop most of the rain and they slowly stopped their pace.
Ettie let out a giggle. Gabriel pulled out two
sandwiches and handed one to Ettie. They munched quickly and quietly as they listened to the rain. 
There was no wind, but the scent of fresh rain falling floated on the air.
Ettie breathed in and sighed. She did love the rain.
Gabriel glanced at Ettie; she had her eyes closed as she deeply breathed in. Ettie’s hair slowly twitched.
Gabriel stopped chewing with a confused look on his face. Ettie continued to breath in the smell of rain. Her happiness radiating out around her with her eyes still closed.
Gabriel watched as her hair slowly starting to float on a non-existent breeze. The few rain drops that had soaked her hair evaporated, letting each strand of her hair float together like clouds. The damp air ignored.
‘She’s actually becoming a Redeemer,’ Gabriel thought. He had to distract her somehow or this could turn out bad for both of them. Her physical transformation could trigger her memories to return also. He couldn’t have her fail on him. He couldn’t lose her. Not again.
Gabriel put his sandwich back in the bag, set the bag on the ground, and walking over to Ettie, he, unsure of himself, paused. Then, he grabbed her and kissed her.
Being so happy with the rain, she was a little shocked with being swept up in Gabriel’s arms, but in her current state of contentment she really didn’t care.
She kissed him back and wrapped her arms
around his shoulders. She shouldn’t be getting so close to him. She was trying to distance herself from Gabriel, but it wasn’t working. It didn’t help that she secretly wanted this. Maybe she was just drunk from her happiness, but she was definitely in love with her stalker. Her excuse of a plan sunk into the back of her mind, forgotten for now.
Gabriel released her and looked into her eyes. He could see her hair had lain down on her shoulders again out of the corner of his eye. But then, he got side tracked again. It happened every time he looked in her eyes. He lost himself completely.
Eternity grabbed his hand and turned around, running back down the trail. Gabriel totally forgot about the bag of food, as the thunder rolled over head and he ran with Ettie leaving the food behind.
The rain was just starting to come through the leaves overhead and they started to get soaked on the run. They had to stop a couple times under trees to rest, but it only ended in kissing against the trunk. Gabriel couldn’t tell if some of the stops Ettie took were needed or an excuse to kiss again.
Ettie giggled and laughed as she ran and Gabriel chased her along the path. They finally made it to the car and Ettie unlocked it for both of them. They got in panting and shivering. 
Ettie started the car and turned the heat on. Then, she turned on the headlights. It was getting a little dark with the sun blocked.
They drove home in strange silence, but maybe it was just the thought about going home after a lovely day together. Besides, she thought of her plan again. It would unravel soon. But did she want this to end? ‘Remember who he is, Ettie!’ She tried to remind herself.
Gabriel knew Eternity hadn’t seen him. But
Gabriel had seen him in the side mirror. Beldane standing in the rain on the gravel behind them as they pulled away from the trail. He was just staring at them. Why hadn’t he attacked? But Gabriel couldn’t shake the feeling he was on borrowed time with Eternity.

Chapter 36

Michael leaned back into a chair in the King’s private chambers. The Dark Lord had denied any sort of treaty or peaceful compromise for the war. Well, actually, the Dark Lord denied looking at the scroll at all. So now it was declared war. Attacks would start and many would die.
The King wouldn’t let Michael see the scroll. Which let Michael believe the King had left something out, but what? He would have to take a peek at it later.
He watched the King store the scroll in HIS desk drawer and shut it.
Michael sighed. “Another great bit of news for you,” the King stated sarcastically,” I believe the prophecy has started.”
Michael’s jaw dropped as he looked to his King. The King only nodded and said nothing. Michael tried to think about what the King had been doing lately.
“Eternity?” Michael spit out. The King nodded. “I should have known. Wha-…” Michael was at a loss for words.
The King spoke up for him, “We all should have noticed it before. But we’ve seen it now, so all we can do is focus on the future and keep this quiet. Besides she’s on our side.” The King tried to make a joke, but it fell flat on all the tension between the two.
The King appeared at his side, “I need you to be strong, Michael, for you and your brothers, for whatever must be done. You and your brothers are the best I have and you all need to lead the other Redeemers. But not yet. I’m going to delay this war as long as possible. I could use a few new recruits with special talents, though.” The King began pacing.
 “I have been reviewing the history archives and found a few good recruits that need to be approached. All from different time periods, though, so they will have to be approached separately. I will try to delay a full out war as long as possible, but you may all have to take turns on the front lines individually.”
The King walked over to a bowl of water and picked it up. HE slowly walked over next to Michael and set it on a table in front of him.
The King then sat across from Michael on
another chair behind the desk. The King thought Michael had no idea that the water from the courtyard pools could be removed and it would still work anywhere. But that was also good no one knew, as well as the information of the King unlocking any pool to see any time. The less anyone knew the better. If any was stolen it could turn out very badly. Someone could change history. Now the King and Michael knew it could be done. But that was all that need know for now.
Michael stared at the clear, crystal bowl, but
nothing happened. He glanced at his King and raised a brow. The King smiled and nodded back down.
When Michael glanced down this time, he saw a woman. A beautiful woman in white, renaissance attire.
Her dark brown hair was braided with jewels. Gems lay on her neck and white silk dress. Her face, though, screamed sadness. Her intense green eyes held determination with a past of hardened sadness. Like she was missing something.
Michael watched the woman walk through an old castle into a dimly lit room.
Guards ignored her as she walked past, as they did in this time period to women. No matter if they were royalty or peasants, women were only good for one thing.
She stopped and turned to look out the hallway outside the room. Seeing no one she closed the door and walked over to a chest. She opened it and pulled out a sword.
Michael smiled. The King interrupted his
thoughts, “It’s not just a sword she’s good at. She’s been joining the men in the barracks to practice, in disguise of course. Buts she’s amazingly good at swords and bows. Not to mention she’s pretty good at throwing a blade too. I think she could help train some of the new Redeemers. But I need someone to approach her and ask her without
overwhelming her. To explain everything needed of her without making her mad or insane. She needs to know everything about this job before she answers, but we cannot afford to scare her into saying no. She must trust the negotiator. And most importantly if she refuses, her mind must be wiped so our secrets don’t come out.”
Michael looked up at the King and replied, “So you want someone to gain her trust and then ask her?”
The King nodded. Michael nodded answering, “Shouldn’t be too hard I-” the King interrupted Michael, “I’m sorry, Michael, but this mission is not meant for you. I have other needs of you and I cannot waste your talents here. I need you to instruct Raphael on this mission. Tell him all the details and make sure he knows about this time period. We don’t need him changing history like other people... Besides I have another mission for you.” The King chuckled.
Michael nodded and stood ready to leave. He turned, though, remembering a key question, “What is the woman’s name, so I can tell Raphael?”
The King looked up and smiled, “Her name is Guinevere.”

Chapter 37

Ettie and Gabriel ran in the house trying to
dodge the rain as best they could after exiting the car and locking it.
It was getting to be almost dinner time now, but neither of them were very hungry.
Ettie locked the door and tried to cheer up the quiet Gabriel, “Well, I’m soaked! I’m going to go change. You might want to do the same before you even think about sitting on my furniture.”
Gabriel chuckled as they both walked down the hallway and into their rooms. Gabriel heard Ettie’s door close and he stopped. He could hear her go into the bathroom and turn the water on, probably for a hot shower.
He needed one too, but not yet. He needed to make sure Beldane was not outside. What was he planning? And why had he not attacked them? It would have been perfect for him to kill them out there away from any mortal eyes. But he had waited. Why?
The only answer Gabriel had was that he wanted a sneak attack and to do that he had to learn Ettie’s and Gabriel’s routine. So he was stalking them. And Gabriel would put a stop to it.
It was still raining outside, but Gabriel was
already wet. So what did it matter? He went outside and into the storm shutting the door quietly behind him.
Ettie got out of the shower shortly after starting it. Just a quick shower to wash off the make-up and rain water.
Ettie grabbed a towel and wrapped it around her as she stepped out of her bathroom and into her room.
She walked around her bed and just happened to look out the window as she was walking by and she saw Gabriel walking around outside in the rain! What was he doing out there?
Ettie grabbed a t-shirt and pajama pants and threw them on. Who cared if these clothes got wet?
She left her hair down, grabbed a pair of flip flops and walked outside to meet up with Gabriel.
The rain was pouring now and thunder rolled overhead. It was hard to hear yourself think over the noise.
Ettie made her way to the back of the house as she wiped the rain out of her eyes. The rain was mixing with the mud and sloshing between her toes in her open toe shoes.
A line of trees was about 100 feet away behind the house. She saw something move behind the line of trees. ‘What was he doing out there’ she thought as she made her way there. 
It never occurred to her to be afraid. Her protector was close by, so why worry? If only she had known the truth.
The rain kept pouring down and her hair was sliding down her forehead into her eyes. She kept pushing her hair and the water out of her vision, but it didn’t help for very long. She would soon push it out of her vision again. It never seemed to end. The wind didn’t help either. It seemed to blow the rain into her eyes on
purpose.
Lightning flashed as she saw a dark shape move in the woods. It resembled …..something else, though. Not Gabriel. Ettie stopped as she kept staring into the trees.
A ripple went down her spine. Her vision was blurry and the lightning didn’t light the woods up for long. She was frozen in fear as her vision failed her.
A hand reached out and touched Ettie’s shoulder from behind.
Ettie jumped out of her skin, screamed and spun around to face Gabriel. She breathed a sigh of relief and leaned against his wet shirt.
“What are you doing out here?” He asked looking a bit angry.
 She looked at him and said angrily over the storm, “I was going to ask you the same thing. Can we go inside now or would you like to catch pneumonia?”
Gabriel smiled shakily for some reason and
grabbed Ettie’s hand like he was afraid to lose her and walked her back inside the house very quickly.
Ettie took it as a sign of endearment, but Gabriel had to get her back inside. She almost walked right into Beldane’s hands! He was scouting to attack for sure.
Gabriel almost wished he would just attack already. The suspense alone was killing him.
They made it inside and Gabriel shut and locked the door using the bolt, the door handle lock, and the chain. No chances for him tonight.
He breathed a small sigh of relief, but he knew this would be a long night. He couldn’t sleep when the woman he loved was in danger. Love…. He loved her?
Ettie’s went straight to her room and came out a short time later in dry clothes and with a towel on her head. Gabriel smiled and went to change and dry off himself. A shower would wait.
Gabriel came out and heard dishes clanging. He headed for the kitchen and, just as he thought, Ettie was making a small dinner. And he did mean small. Two T.V. dinners were steaming on plates with forks.
Gabriel chuckled, startling Ettie. She turned
around and smiled. “Hungry?” She asked and they both laughed.
Gabriel walked over and picked up his plate. She did the same and followed him into the living room.
They set their plates down and Gabriel turned on the T.V. Ettie got back up and Gabriel tried to make it not so obvious he was watching her every move. For protection, of course.
She came back in the living room with a blanket and two sodas. Smiling, she handed him one and set the blanket on the arm of the couch. Gabriel flipped through the channels and stopped on NCIS.
He set the remote down and they ate their dinner in silence. Both of them, of course, silent for their own reasons. One worrying over protecting and the other worrying about her plan to carry out.
Ettie finally finished eating and took her plate into the kitchen. She turned around and Gabriel was standing directly behind her. He was so silent sometimes it scared her.
He reached around her and set his plate on the counter next to hers. But he had to lean in close to her to reach around her. Ettie figured it was on purpose for once. The first sign he wanted to be closer to her physically.
Ettie breathed in as he leaned over. He smelled so amazing. Gabriel was staring at her when she opened her eyes. She smiled and leaned into him as she kissed him.
He, of course, kissed her back. Gabriel got lost for a moment forgetting everything, but then remembered Beldane and he slowly leaned back from Ettie. How he wanted to just keep kissing her. But right now was not a good time. How he wished his body would agree with his head for once.
Ettie walked back into the living room and sat on the couch. Gabriel did the same and then Ettie covered both of them with the blanket. Gabriel smiled as Ettie snuggled closer.
Lightning flashed outside and the power flickered and went out. Gabriel tensed. Ettie laughed, “Calm down, the power just went out. I’ll get some candles.” Ettie got up and left the room.
Gabriel waited for the attack to happen. His
senses heightened for every sound or movement. He kept looking towards the kitchen where Ettie went for candles. He was on full battle alert.
He didn’t believe the power going out was a coincidence. Plus, he could use his powers to turn the lights back on, but he was at an advantage right now. Beldane didn’t know how much of a mortal he was or not. And keeping his powers hidden from him was a good idea.
Ettie came back into the room with one candle lit and more under her arm. She placed them around the living room and then came back to sit on the couch. She shivered a little and thought about no heat or air in the house all night.
Gabriel opened the blanket back up and Ettie crawled under and snuggled up to him. The light from the candles actually lit the room up quite well. The light from the candles made the room glow in a dim, but vast gold.
“So what do we do now?” Gabriel said trying to sound calm. He turned to look at Ettie who was just staring at him. “What?” He said smiling.
Eternity was debating on what questions to ask him. “I’m still trying to figure you out. Are you good or bad……for me,” she added smiling. 
Gabriel kept looking at her, “What do you think?” Ettie looked into his eyes and for a moment forgot everything. Then, it came back quickly.
She smiled, “My head says you’re obviously my demise, but my heart says you’re….I don’t know….familiar. Like we were like this in a past life.” She laughed, “Sounds dumb, doesn’t it?”
Something clicked for him then. She felt like this for him in a past life? She had loved him as Redeemers and he never saw it. He was kicking himself on the inside. He wanted to make it up to her. To let her know he loved her now, but he couldn’t tell her. The timing was really, really bad.
“Maybe you should just go with your gut. What does that say?” Gabriel asked. She smiled at the Gibb’s reference.
 “I wish I knew,” she replied. Gabriel smiled thinking of her favorite children’s movie, “Some wishes do come true.”
She glanced over at him and rolled her eyes, “Okay Cinderella, but what if I’m not a princess?”
He replied quickly, “Neither was Cinderella at first. And for someone who thinks they’re not very special, you’re very extraordinary. Someday all your wishes will come true.”
Ettie looked at him stunned. That was, again, the nicest thing anyone had ever said to her. He knew just what to say. Her plan flew out the window. She had her answer.
She leaned over to kiss him. Gabriel met her half way. Eternity stopped just as fast, though, and leaned back. 
She stood up and let the blanket fall onto Gabriel. She slowly started walking away, backwards from Gabriel towards the hallway, smiling strangely at him.
“Where are you going?” He asked.
She kept smiling, “Maybe you should follow and find out.”
Gabriel watched her move down the hallway and out of his line of sight.
He leaned his head back a minute and watched the candles flicker, wavering on everything happening at once. Again, he was listening to every noise while thinking or really fantasizing about what Ettie was doing down the hall.
Something flew through the air and landed on Gabriel, covering his face and he heard a giggle.
He pulled off what covered his face and looked at it. It was Ettie’s shirt she had been wearing.
Gabriel took a deep breath. He really shouldn’t, but he very much wanted to. Plus, his body had taken control. There was no stopping it now.
He stood up and followed Ettie’s clothes trail to her door and shut the door behind him.
She sat on the bed shirtless and without pants. She wore a matching bra and panty set. Black lace. He didn’t really care, though, as he moved towards the bed. 
A single candle flickered next to the bed. Highlighting all of her curves.
She sat up on her knees and held a hand out to him. He took off his shirt and pants and then climbed into bed taking her hand.
He lay next to her. He wanted her to lead.
Mostly because he had no idea what to do, but he knew what he wanted. He just didn’t want to scare her off.
She leaned over him and kissed him. He
wrapped his arms around her taking his time feeling all of her skin, memorizing her. He rubbed his hands over her back feeling her spine, hips, shoulders, and then finally coming to her bra strap. He got an idea while they kissed.
He fumbled with the strap, feeling like it took hours, until it finally gave way. He felt her naked back as she giggled. She pulled away from him smiling and sat up. She slowly took her bra off and then leaned back over on him.
Gabriel growled as she pressed her breasts
against his bare chest.
Eternity smiled and started kissing him again. She started trailing kisses down his neck and chest. And Gabriel closed his eyes. He still had his hands on her back as she kissed his chest. She ground her hips into him and he moaned.
He smiled and grabbed her, flipping her onto her back. She giggled and he covered her with his massive body. Neither body cold, as they kept each other warm.
He kissed down her neck this time, trailing kisses down to her breasts. She moaned and wrapped her fingers in his hair.
He nibbled on her as he trailed kisses back up her throat and kissed her mouth again.
He decided not to wait any longer. He couldn’t take much more torture on his first time.
While he kissed her, he reached down and
started to remove her underwear. She lifted her hips to help him and he smiled.
He sat up and removed them from her. Then, he shed his own. He turned then and looked at her. He wanted to give her a second chance to stop where they were headed. He needed to know she wanted this. That she was his.
She looked back at him and smiled, “What?”
Gabriel smiled as he leaned back over on top of her. “I just want to make sure this is what you want. I’ve waited to have my first time for a reason. And-” she stopped him with a kiss.
“I like you for some stupid reason. And I want this. Now stop talking.”
He smiled as he kissed her. The rain pelted the roof creating the perfect music for the night.
Eternity wrapped her legs around Gabriel and he growled into her mouth. He kissed her as he thrust into her and she gasped in his mouth. His hand reached down and grabbed her breast and she arched into his hand.
He leaned over and kissed her neck as her
breathing grew. She gripped the muscles in his back. Clawing at him as he moved on top of her.
He breathed in the scent of her hair and closed his eyes. His Eternity. He loved her with all his being.
Eternity rose up to meet him, allowing him deeper. She gripped his back as she tried to breathe. Was she really his first? It seemed so perfect for a first attempt. He was amazing and knew what she liked. Well, he was her stalker. It was his job to know.
She smiled as she was lost once again. Gabriel felt himself driven with some unknown need to go faster. He forgot where he was and the job he was supposed to be doing. He only thought of one person. One world. Here. Now.
He exploded then and moaned as he thrust into her. Eternity came at the same time pressing herself into him and throwing her head back.
Both of them collapsed on each other and caught their breath.
Gabriel was the first to look up at Eternity. Her eyes were almost closed. He was tired as well.
He slid off to one side of her and pulled her up against him nestling his head in her hair.
Eternity was instantly asleep. But Gabriel became aware of where he was and what he had done and looked for danger now. Alert for any tricks. He was not going to sleep this night.
He covered them both up as she slept and he kept watch. He would protect her with his very soul.

Chapter 38

Michael walked with Raphael to the courtyard to see him off through the past pool.
Raphael was dressed in renaissance style lord’s clothes with a full set of armor. A temporary castle was erected already with a staff hired.
His background and story were all ready to put himself in this time period. It was now up to him to sell it and this should be an easy, yet time consuming, mission. They all had recruited before. Some were successful some were not.
The King was already there waiting with the pool open to Raphael’s castle. Michael hugged his brother and then the King did the same. Raphael stepped through the pool and was gone.
The pool closed up behind him and a Redeemer stationed himself at the bench to watch his progress.
Michael followed the King as they walked out of the courtyard. “I’m preparing to leave to relieve Uriel at the front. I’ll also take some recruits and send back any wounded.”
The King nodded. “Just make sure you don’t attack unless they attack first. What am I explaining this to you for? You know how I’d like this to go and end. Just be careful and protect all you can.” Michael nodded; he then left for his quarters. He would leave next month but many preparations awaited his attention.
The King walked to HIS own quarters, HE
needed to rest. HE had so much on HIS mind. HE got ready for bed and lay down. HE pulled the covers up to HIS chest. HE turned on HIS side and slid HIS hand under HIS pillow. HE grasped the cloth there and pulled it out. HE laid it on the pillow next to HIM and stared at the white linen with flowers sewn on it until HE fell asleep.

Chapter 39

Gabriel lay in Ettie’s bed. Ettie was fast asleep on his arm. So much for her pillow, but he let her sleep.
No wonder this is what his mortal body craved constantly. It was quite a temptation. He chuckled to himself.
As he laid there, he knew he wouldn’t get to sleep tonight for fear of Beldane attacking when he was vulnerable. He needed to protect the woman he loved.
He looked over at her and moved the hair out her face. She snuggled closer in her sleep. Her warm body brushing up against him. He tried to calm himself down or he would be waking her up again soon.
She had fallen instantly asleep after…. Well, he had expected she would question him to death or something. But it never came. He wanted to enjoy this moment forever. He wanted this to be real for a little bit. He imagined what their life would be like.
But Beldane kept creeping back into his little world. He sighed. He just needed to stay awake and protect his Eternity.

Chapter 40

Beldane punched the tree he stood next to. Wood and splinters flew out from the force of the punch on the other side of the tree. Beldane didn’t even flinch. This had to end now. Gabriel had to die first. Then, Eternity would die slowly…..for everything she’d done. 
And now she was lying with Gabriel. Beldane saw this as a personal attack on him. The one person Beldane hated with his very soul and Eternity, of course, would choose him.
He couldn’t wait any longer. He was strong
enough to kill them both. He would attack at dawn.

Chapter 41

100 years before

“You can’t go! Think about what you’re doing!” Gabriel pleaded with Eternity.
“I have to, Gabriel. He’s my brother. I can’t
leave him. It’s not what I would have chosen but…. I don’t know,” she tried to find a reason to make her decision sound right, but couldn’t find one. Only regrets.
“He’s not like you, Eternity. He’s ….more like your evil twin.” Gabriel knew he shouldn’t have said that, but he was angry she was leaving. And this was an awful time, too. War may be coming and she was choosing the wrong side to be on. She may get stuck there. And what if she tried to leave and they tried to stop her? They would kill her before rethinking the action!
He tried to stay calm, but he feared for her
safety. But Gabriel couldn’t force her to stay.
“How dare you! He’s my blood, Gabriel! I can’t leave him there.”
Gabriel walked over to where Eternity was
packing on the other side of the bed. “You can’t save him, Eternity,” he said quietly.
Eternity looked into his eyes as tears fell down her face. “I have to try,” she answered.
Gabriel hung his head in defeat. That was her reason for leaving. She didn’t want to lose her brother, but Gabriel knew Eternity had already lost him. He had been lost for a long time, why couldn’t she see that? But he would do the same for his brothers. She needed to try for herself. Hopefully, she would see her mistake before it was too late.
Eternity walked past Gabriel, but stopped at the door. She turned and looked at Gabriel. He wasn’t looking at her, for once. She was hurt by this. But Eternity could still see the tears fall on his cheeks.
With her heart breaking, she left the castle to follow Beldane and the Dark Lord.
The King walked into Eternity’s quarters where Gabriel had remained. Gabriel felt dead inside. The King had watched and heard everything from the hallway where he hid.
HE walked over to Gabriel and put HIS hand on Gabriel’s shoulder. “It will be okay, Gabriel. You’ll see. It will all work out in the end.”
Gabriel shrugged off the King’s hand and left the room. The King knew what would come next for Gabriel. Anger, then depression. But, hopefully, Eternity would come back just in time for Gabriel’s sake. Hopefully….

Chapter 42

The Present

Gabriel’s eyes kept closing, but he kept forcing them open as the sun started coming through the window.
He very carefully slid out of bed and used Ettie’s bathroom.
When he came back out, Ettie was still asleep like a log. He pulled on the clothes he had on yesterday and headed to the kitchen. A knock sounded at the door.
Gabriel stopped, and then quietly went to the door. He peeked through the peek hole. It was Amy. He sighed as he opened the door.
“Morning,” she said in her usual chipper self.
“Hey, come on in.” Gabriel stood aside as she walked in. A fun idea popped into his head and he shut the door. “Ettie would love it if you went back to her room and woke her up,” Gabriel said with a grin on his face.
Amy’s smile grew wider and she headed down to Ettie’s room and shut the door. Gabriel laughed when he heard Ettie shriek awake.
He then sighed again and glanced out the window. Such a beautiful morning.
All the hairs on the back of Gabriel’s neck stood up. And so it began. He pulled on his shoes, took a deep breath and headed outside.
He quietly shut the front door as to not alert Eternity.
He made his way to the side of the house to the tree he had fallen out of. Beldane was leaning on the trunk. A smile across his face.
“Hello there! Lovely morning for you to die, isn’t it?”


Chapter 43

Amy closed the door after she entered Ettie’s bedroom. She went over and shook Ettie to wake her.
“Gabriel, come on, let me sleep,” Ettie mumbled. Amy’s face had a shocked look on it. Why would Ettie think Gabriel was in her room? Ettie waved her hand into the air, but missed who she thought was Gabriel.
Amy glanced at the floor and smiled, “Ettie, are you naked? Your clothes are all over the floor.”
Ettie opened her eyes and saw her friend
standing there.
“Whoa, Amy!” Ettie shrieked. Amy laughed. Ettie tried to cover herself with the blankets, but was laughing with her friend.
“So, you actually went through with this plan then?”
Ettie plopped up on the bed. “Not really. I passed out before I could get any answers.”
Amy smiled at her friend, “That good?” Ettie threw a pillow at Amy’s head.
Ettie sighed, “This is crazy. I’m getting in too deep here, Amy. I’m in love with him and I don’t know a thing of truth about him. Am I nuts?”
Amy smiled, “No, you’re not nuts, but it is about time you realized you were in love with him. The way you two look at each other. But I need to pee. Can I use your bathroom?”
“Yeah, go ahead!” Amy walked around the bed and said, “Oh and feel free to get dressed while I’m in there. I don’t need any free peaks; you can save those for your man.”
Ettie laughed as her friend shut the door. What a Saturday morning!
Ettie hollered through the door at her friend as she dressed, “Hey Amy, I also found proof that he’s lying.”
There was a pause, then a flush. The door opened and Amy was still buttoning her pants, “Go on.”
Ettie smiled at the amount of comfort ability they had between each other.
“He took me out to take pictures as a surprise, because he knew I liked to do that. He made sure the weather was perfect and everything. I never once said anything about my love for photography to him.”
Amy seemed to pout as all her fantasies went out the window for her friend. “So who is he?” Amy replied sitting on the bed.
Ettie shrugged as she tried to figure out what to do next.

Chapter 44

Gabriel snorted in response. Beldane started up again, “You know, Gabriel, I have always loathed you.”
Beldane walked away from the tree and started to circle Gabriel, “From the moment I saw you, I have wanted to kill you, but we both know that was an impossibility. Both of us being immortal and all. But wait… aren’t you mortal? Well, my luck seems to be changing. Too bad for you, though. I would hate a disadvantage.”
Gabriel glared at him, “Even at a disadvantage, I can destroy what little life you have.” Gabriel raised his hand into the air to call his weapon.
“Now, now, Gabriel,” Beldane interrupted, "do be careful. The mortals can see you. So you may not want to call your sword to you. It breaks your rules. And it may trigger your precious Ettie to remember everything. And you don’t want that, do you?”
Gabriel pulled his hand back and glanced at the house windows. Beldane was mocking him. But he was right. He couldn’t be seen with the celestial steel. The only thing he had that could kill Redeemers, current or traitors. Now, Gabriel knew he would lose in this form. But he would die trying to protect Eternity.
Beldane charged Gabriel and Gabriel braced himself. The armor Beldane wore hit Gabriel’s unprotected body and threw him back. Gabriel’s head spun a little, but he braced himself for another attack. Blood started to form from under his shirt.
Beldane circled Gabriel until Gabriel’s back faced the tree. Beldane smiled in triumph at what he thought was his own intelligence.
He charged again, but this time he used all his strength and propelled himself with his wings. He plowed into Gabriel and sent Gabriel flying into the trunk of the tree. His head hit the tree at impact. Gabriel immediately went down and stopped moving. Blood flowing from his head.
Beldane turned and smiled. Now that Gabriel was out of the picture, he needed Eternity alone.
Beldane raised his hand towards the house. He knew where the girls were inside the house. He focused on Ettie’s guest. He could see her glowing, feel the life in her. Or lives. He twitched his hand and Amy screamed.

Chapter 45

Ettie helped her friend into the car. She had no idea where Gabriel had gone, but she had no time to look for him. Her friend kept screaming and crying.
Ettie rushed her to the hospital flying over the speed limit, but the two cops on duty in her small town were nowhere to be seen.
Ettie drove up to the emergency doors where she helped Amy inside and they admitted her immediately.
After parking the car, Ettie sat in the waiting room for about 20 minutes after calling Ben.
When he arrived, he was shaking and nervous for his wife, as he should be.
He asked a lot of questions in short non-sentences. His black hair disheveled. His dark eyes red and puffy.
Unfortunately, Ettie had no answers for him, but she tried her best to comfort him. She was extremely worried for her friend, but a little nervous about Gabriel too. Where was he?
She left the house unlocked for him, so he
should be alright. He had someplace to go if nothing else. But she tried to focus on Amy.
About an hour later, a doctor finally came out. He saw Ettie and Ben and nodded. He walked over slowly to them and squatted in front of them. “I’m sorry Ben… but Amy lost the baby.”
Those were the only words the doctor got out before Ben broke down.
In between his crying, he managed to ask,
“How’s my wife?”
The doctor and Ettie helped Ben try to calm
down. It didn’t help that Ettie couldn’t stop crying as well. 
“She’ll be fine physically. You can see her shortly. She’ll need you Ben. You need to be ready.”
The doctor helped in what ways he could, when Ettie told him it was okay and she would console him. The doctor stood and left going back to see to Amy.
Ettie tried to comfort Ben, but he just needed to see his wife. They could comfort each other better than she could.
Ettie stayed with Ben for what seemed like
hours. But even after the doctor came out and said Ben could see her, Ettie remained frozen. Ben got up and went back to see his wife alone.
Frozen in fear, Ettie knew this was somehow her fault; all these emotions swirled around Ettie. Everything seemed to fly past her as she was wrapped up in her own thoughts.
An ambulance pulled up then. Ettie was ignoring it too, until one of the E.M.T.s’ said where they found the victim. A man matching a familiar description.
Ettie looked up shaken from her stupor. Had the E.M.T. said her address?
Ettie stood, but all she could see was bloody sheets and jumbles of cords and wires and tubes. She tried to peek at the victim up until they took him into I.C.U.
Ettie ran back to the desk now, frantic. “Excuse me,” the nurse looked up then back down at whatever she was doing; she was very busy apparently.
“Do you know who that man was and where he was found?”
The nurse looked up at Ettie tiredly, “Why, are you family?”
Ettie replied anxiously,” Maybe, I think I know him.”
They nurse sighed and stopped what she was doing angrily. She pulled up some charts on her computer. “He’s a John Doe. But they found him here.” The nurse printed out the page of little info and handed it to Ettie. Sure enough, it was her address.
“I need to see him. Is he okay?” The nurse looked at her and sighed, “Look, I’ll put down he has family here and the doctor will be out shortly to talk to you, alright? But the doctor may have quite few questions for you as we have no information on him.”
The nurse looked back down, dismissing her. Now Ettie was nervous as she sat back down. Was it Gabriel or her imagination? She was losing her mind was all. Her nerves were frazzled with Amy getting hurt. So now that was making her think crazy thoughts and jumping her to conclusions she didn’t need added to her stress level.
Maybe it was a car accident in front of her
house? And not Gabriel at all! But if it was Gabriel, what had happened? Two people hurt at the same time. Coincidence? Ettie thought not.
Ettie shook her head. She had to focus on her friend right now. Not some stranger. Not her Gabriel. He was okay. She kept telling herself to try to calm down.
Ben finally came back out looking more
depressed, but controlled.
He told Ettie she could go back there. “I’ll be quick so you can stay with her,” Ettie said. Ben just nodded and sat back down in the waiting room.
Ettie walked back to her friend’s room. Amy was of course a mess. She was crying and depressed looking as she should be. She started up again when she saw Ettie.
It was hard to make out what she was saying in between sobs, but Ettie got the jist of it.
“It’s my fault, Ettie…” she cried. “No, it’s not, Amy, stop thinking that right now,” Ettie said firmly trying to be strong for her friend.
She tried to comfort her friend the best she
could, but this was not her strong suit. Amy needed Ben to comfort her right now.
Ettie felt bad, but she still couldn’t get Gabriel out of her mind the entire time. Ettie just hugged her friend and let her cry.
A short while later, she left Amy’s room to let Ben back in.
Ettie debated on whether or not she would wait for the other doctor. But if she didn’t wait and she went home to an empty house, she just might be hysterical.
Ettie decided she would wait to see who the
John Doe was just to be on the safe side or laugh with Gabriel later over how silly she’d been.
After three hours of waiting and wavering on whether or not to stay, a doctor came out. He glanced around the room and stopped when he saw Ettie. She was almost asleep. She was exhausted from all the chaos of the day and now it was draining her.
He motioned for her to come. Ettie went over to him. “I understand you’re with the John Doe?” He asked.
Ettie nodded, “I think so, but I’m not sure.” They started to walk back through the hospital.
“Well, if you do recognize him, I’m afraid he has amnesia, along with a gash on his head. He knows nothing. Not even his name. Or, of course, what happened. Were you with him at the time?”
Ettie didn’t look at the doctor, “No, he was gone when I left with my friend to come here. She lost her baby, I was too wrapped up with her, and I didn’t even see him before I left. But he’s had amnesia for the past week.”
The doctor frowned. “No, he hasn’t. I was
hoping someone knew what happened. Whatever it was happened today. Hmmm. He will be fine, though, with a family’s help and support, but his memory may not return for some time.”
Ettie was confused. She asked the doctor
curiously, “You can tell if a person has had amnesia before?”
The doctor looked at Ettie. “Yes, but I can tell you his brain is in otherwise perfect condition. So I find it hard to believe this has happened before or that it’s his second time with it.”
Ettie nodded. He had been lying this whole
time? Now she had medical proof. Who was this man?
As the doctor led her into a room, Ettie stopped at the door. It was Gabriel. Her world was crashing down on top of her. She had missed her opportunity for answers and now they were lost to her.
He had an IV in his arm and his head was
bandaged, but otherwise he looked okay. His torso was bandaged as well and he had some scrapes, but he was alive. What had happened?
He looked over at her, glancing away from the doctor.
When she smiled at him, though, he didn’t smile back. He looked hardened, almost military to her.
Ettie moved over to the side of the bed and the doctor left them alone.
“Hi,” she said. “Hello,” Gabriel answered back. 
Ettie cleared her throat, “So, I don’t jog your memory? You don’t recognize me?”
Gabriel looked her over, “No. I’m sorry.” Ettie deflated a little bit. He had lied to her before 
and now he was lost. She would get no answers. But right now that’s not what she wanted.
Ettie leaned over carefully and kissed Gabriel. A tear fell down her cheek. She slowly leaned back. “Anything?”
Gabriel shook his head, “No. But you do know me?”
Ettie looked at him. “No…I thought I did. You said your name was Gabriel, but I’m not even sure if that’s real.”
Gabriel looked sad. “Oh, I see.” He looked
straight ahead. “I guess I’m going to get some sleep.”
“Oh,” Ettie said, sadly feeling once again
dismissed, “Okay, well, I’ll let you sleep.” Ettie left his room.
It was hard to fight something two people wanted. But when one of them didn’t want anything to do with the other, it was easy for Ettie to walk away now.
As she walked through the door way of his room, blinding searing pain burned in her chest.
Once she stepped through the doorway, the pain was gone. Shaking her head, Ettie went back to tell Ben and Amy she was going home.
She had lost Gabriel, but maybe it was for the best. She didn’t know anything about him and he was dangerous.
She wished she knew what happened to him, but she could now get back to her life. Her life without men. Too bad her heart wasn’t agreeing with her head right now. It felt like it was locking itself up to never love again inside her chest. But maybe that was for the best. She had been hurt for the last time; her heart could not be
trusted.

Chapter 46

Ettie walked into her house and shut her door after making the long slow journey home. She felt like a zombie just driving, not really caring where she ended up on her drive home.
Her head was spinning with thoughts and
glimpses; she couldn’t even keep them straight anymore.
She was surprised with all the thoughts spinning in her head that she actually made it home.
She ignored her front door leaving it unlocked, uncaring, and sat on her couch. The blanket was still there from this morning. ‘Well,’ she thought to herself,’ at least I know it wasn’t a dream.’
Ettie wrapped herself up into it and breathed deep. She could still smell his manly, wonderful scent.
Curling into a ball, she cried. All of this was her fault, she knew it was all somehow related to her and it all wouldn’t have happened if she wasn’t here. She knew she was being selfish, but she couldn’t help it. Everything good she had was now gone. Her emotions were way out of control.
She cried until she fell asleep, again feeling sorry for herself.

Chapter 47

The King leaned back from the pond. HE wiped HIS hand over HIS face. HE was slowly losing the battle, but HE would not lose the war.
Michael came in and took a seat next to the
King. “How is Gabriel?”
The King hung HIS head, “He is okay for now. I’ll see that he’s taken care of. There are no rules for him and it shouldn’t take too long for him to remember everything. He still has his powerful healing abilities. But he will be angry when he remembers.” The King paused. “I’m worried, though… about Eternity. And Gabriel must remember before Beldane catches up to him to finish the job, or we could lose him too.”
But the King would not let that happen. HE
would intervene long before then. They couldn’t just yank Gabriel out. He didn’t remember who he was. And trying to force him to remember could turn out far worse for him.
Michael stood. “I will go, my King, if you ask of me. Now or when the time comes.”
The King smiled, “No, sit down. I don’t want to risk another Redeemer. It’s up to them now to solve this. I’m just praying it will turn out for the better.”
Michael nodded and they both gathered around the pool.

Chapter 48

Eternity woke up the next morning around noon. She needed to stop feeling sorry for herself. It was in her cards to not love. Ever. She should be used to it by now. Obviously, she wasn’t done being pitiful yet. She kept coming up with sentences like this to tell herself.
‘It was no use,’ she thought, as she started to cry again.
Ettie looked down at her blanket and shook it. Little stones hit the floor. The floor was almost covered in them. Ettie couldn’t explain it, but they wouldn’t stop forming from her tears. Every tear turned into one of them.
At first it scared her, but now? She was used to having no answers. She couldn’t tell anyone, except Amy. And Amy had her own more important problems. Ettie needed to get up and at least eat. 
Ettie stumbled to the kitchen, but when she opened the fridge and saw all the old leftovers from Gabriel’s breakfast fiasco, she wanted to cry again. She was immediately not hungry. She was too depressed.
She decided to watch some T.V. Ettie flipped on the usual after she plopped on the couch.
Her favorite shows were on commercial and instead of flipping through the channels Ettie decided to suffer through them.
One commercial brought her out of her stupor. It was some jewelry store introducing a new product. An angel tear cut diamond, special pricing, redeem now.
Ettie didn’t know why, but it made her wonder. Something Gabriel said.
She tried not to cry as she ran and got her laptop and hopped on the internet.
She searched angel tear diamonds. The site came up for the store, but after looking at it, that gave her nothing. What did she expect?
But it was this gut feeling she had. Gabriel had wanted her to follow her gut. Ugh! Would she ever get over him?
The site right below the jewelry store though said Archangel Homepage. Do angels cry tears? 
Ettie moved her cursor to it and clicked it open. It was the same website Amy showed her before from the police scan.
It was mostly a fan site for angel enthusiasts. But maybe it wasn’t a coincidence?
Ettie scrolled down the page ignoring all the information she didn’t care about until she saw the question again. Do angels cry tears? She started to read the paragraph. It said, No. They cry a stone called……. Ettie zoned out.
What the hell?….. Why would she cry stones and it lead her here? It’s like it was meant to be.
Ettie scrolled back up to the top of the site. The Angels Gabriel, Michael, Raphael, Uriel, and Azriel were painted across the top.
Each angel had a small bio. She read Gabriel’s. This couldn’t be him, her Gabriel. He couldn’t literally be her guardian angel.
The bio she read was nothing like her Gabriel, so she relaxed. The last sentence, though, caught her eye as she kept reading.
The last sentence was the same at the end of
every bio. The archangels all lived for eternity. That’s how the bios ended? They were immortal? Why not say it? Surely it had another meaning. But it sounded right to her. At least Gabriel’s. Gabriel… wha-?..Oh God Gabriel!….
The memories flew into Eternity’s mind. She gripped the desk as she was overwhelmed with hundreds of years of a past she once had. Tears slid down her face and stones crashed to the floor.
She remembered everything. She had failed. But Gabriel, her Gabriel, was here. And she loved him. She had to go to him. And tell him how she felt for the last time.
Ettie stood up and turned to rush out and find him, only to stop dead in her tracks.
“Well, hello, dear sister. We have so much to catch up on.” Ettie stared up at the face she had never wanted to see again.

Chapter 49

Gabriel left the hospital the next morning without any clue of who he was. Luckily, he had a few hundred dollars still in his wallet. And that was all that was in there. Strange. Too bad he had no idea where any of it came from. But he needed a hotel for now. A place to stay to figure everything out. 
Where was his family? How hated must he be that no one showed up? 
Since he had no I.D. it had to be a trashy, two story motel, but that’s okay. He hopefully wouldn’t be there for long.
He made sure to call the hospital and leave
where he was staying just in case anyone should be looking for him. Then, he left to get something to eat.

Chapter 50

Why had Eternity left her door unlocked? That was her number one rule! And the one time she didn’t 
lock her door she regretted it.
Eternity glared at Beldane. How she hated her brother. He was responsible for all this. The trial, the lightening, the baby, Gabriel…..
Hatred flowed through her veins. All her turmoil was from her own flesh and blood destroying her life for revenge.
She had always tried to give Beldane the benefit of the doubt, this was her twin. Her own blood, supposed to be the closest friend she had.
But instead he had poisoned everything. He was truly her evil twin. How Gabriel had been right that day.
“How could you? And now, you’re here on the Dark Lord’s bidding I presume?”
Beldane smiled. “Sister, you were always so
smart, but I volunteered for this mission personally.”
He grabbed her and her purse and dragged her towards her car. “The only problem I face now is making your death appear as an accident. You mortals are always happier when you can solve all of your crimes. Can’t leave any evidence from an unexplainable cause, now can we?” He laughed at what he thought was his own cleverness. 
It started to rain. Beldane looked up and smiled “Sliding off the road should work nicely. Don’t you think? And so fitting, considering.”
Beldane threw her in the car and slammed the door. Then, he appeared inside. “Drive until I say stop,” he commanded.
Eternity did what he wanted for now. She was trying to come up with a plan as she tried to drive where he instructed. Then, it hit her. The perfect plan. She had always wanted to go out on her own terms anyway.
The rain started to pour down on the road.
Eternity sped the car up.
“Ready to die, sister?” Beldane joked as she
drove recklessly. 
“Pretty cocky from a man who’s failed more than once today,” she said. Beldane looked at her realizing the hidden meaning in her words.
He grabbed the door handle after a few more minutes. It was about time he noticed something was up. He knew she liked to plan and always had one. He wasn’t being very smart right now. Probably too busy gloating in what he thought was his personal triumph. He had yet to succeed, though.
Ettie was waiting for enough water on the
road….. There! Up ahead. A bridge. She didn’t even think about the fall. She just needed it to look drastic.
Ettie sped up and turned her wheel sharply on the bridge. The car started to fishtail.
 “What are you doing?!” Beldane yelled.
As the car spun toward the side of the bridge, Beldane vanished from the car. ‘No need for him to get injured,’ he thought.
The car spun in a circle and hit the railing. 
Chunks of cement fell into the water below. The car stopped, hanging over the edge of the bridge as the rear bumper was caught on a bent metal railing.
Beldane flew down to peer in the car that was hanging over the side of the bridge. Eternity was half leaning on the steering wheel and out the window. Blood trickled down her arms and into the water below.
Beldane reached over and felt her neck. He felt no pulse. He smiled. With this mission done he would be promoted for sure.
He then thought of Gabriel. So Gabriel wasn’t dead. He could attack while he was down, but how would he do it?
While planning Gabriel’s demise, he flew into the storm.

Chapter 51

Eternity coughed up blood. “She’s awaaaake briiiiiinngggg thhuuuh-” Eternity tried to make sense of the jumble of sounds and open her eyes, but her vision was blurry. She couldn’t move. She couldn’t make out what anyone was saying. 
A bright light flashed in her eyes. She heard 
a high pitched squeal, but couldn’t tell what it was.
She was able to see herself being loaded into an ambulance, before she passed out again.
Eternity opened her eyes. A nurse stood by her bed. She tried to sit up. 
“Whoa, stay down. You’ve just been in an accident. You were almost pronounced dead at the scene, but they were able to jump start your heart back up. You do have internal bleeding, so stay down. You’ll need to recover for a few days, but you should be fine.” The nurse smiled and left.
Ettie would have to wait for night to try to
leave. Less supervision. So she allowed herself to doze off. She needed all her rest for what had to happen next.
Around midnight, Ettie woke, slowly unhooked herself and stood.
She winced at the pain, but she had no choice. She had to find Gabriel before Beldane did.
Sneaking out of her room and down the hall, she could see the E.R. doors. Freedom! The nurse’s desk was the only thing she had to get by without being noticed and stopped.
She peeked over the wall to see who was there. It was only one nurse and the same from the other night. Go figure.
Eternity glanced around her. Inside the room nearest her, a patient lay sleeping. The chair closest to her had a hoodie thrown on it. Eternity was only wearing a gown.
She snuck in quietly and snatched it. After throwing it on, she walked into the hall and saw a janitor’s cart that had nurse’s scrubs on it.
She did need pants. So she grabbed a pair and threw them on too.
Then, she made her way up to the desk with the hood pulled up on the hoodie.
“Excuse me, but was there a man in here a day or two ago with amnesia? I’m just trying to find him. He’s an old friend.”
The nurse looked up then, and recognized Ettie from the other night, but that was it. Then, she handed Eternity a sticky note. She looked back down, dismissing Eternity.
‘Well, that was easy,’ she thought to herself.
Eternity slowly left the hospital. The sticky note had a Motel’s address on it. The motel was about two blocks away.
 Eternity headed there on foot, trying not to wince. She was still recovering and shoeless. She also didn’t want to draw attention to herself and go back to the hospital.
Rounding the corner, Eternity saw the hotel. She tried to hurry without running.
Walking into the main office she saw no one was there. It was about one in the morning and in a small town no one expected visitors this late.
So Eternity quietly peeked over the counter. The log-in book was sitting open. She picked it up and skimmed through the names. Gabriel was in room fourteen upstairs. She placed the book back and headed back outside.
Glancing up at the upper level, she tried to see if she could see his room. Thunder rolled over head.
Eternity looked down at her side. Blood was starting to come through the hoodie and she hissed at the pain moving caused. She needed to hurry.
When she was halfway across the parking lot, she spotted Gabriel's room and sighed. Almost there. And why did it always rain at the worst times?
She turned to look in front of her again and
almost ran head first into a shocked Beldane. Well, there was her answer. It was raining because of him. Where else would he get his lightning powers?
“How the hell are you alive? You were dead!” Ettie smirked at him. “Not as good as you thought, huh? You need to leave, Beldane. This is cowardly what you’re doing. Taking out a mortal.”
Beldane laughed. “No, sis. You’ve got me all wrong. I’m just attacking my enemy when he’s down. Not just some mortal.”
Beldane punched Eternity in the stomach and she immediately went down. Blood pooling in her mouth. She was in no state to fight him. She would die. The only person who could fight him and win was Gabriel. Her only chance was to find him and make him remember.
“I’m actually enjoying this mission.” Beldane smiled to himself,” But why did you do it, Eternity. Why did you leave me? You were always there for me until the war. But you left me when I needed you most and you went back for him! Is he more important to you than me?!”
Beldane was pointing at Gabriel’s door. Beldane’s anger was finally surfacing showing his true colors.
Eternity looked up from the ball she was curled in. “I love him, Beldane. He is my whole world. So to answer your question, yes.”
That was the last straw. Beldane’s hair floated around him. It rose with his anger. Just like Eternity’s did, but when she was happy.
Lightning shot across the sky and landed in the parking lot just inches from Eternity.
Beldane yelled into the sky. Eternity couldn’t hear a thing. The lightning had made her deaf. Her ears were ringing. Beldane stumbled a bit, but stood his ground.
The next thing she saw was Gabriel’s door
opening along with a few others.
“Gabriel, will you be so kind as to come down here, please. The rest of you good night.” Beldane raised his hand and doors shut in people’s faces. Curtains pulled themselves shut.
Then, Beldane flicked his wrist and the ground of the second floor shook. The floor under Gabriel’s feet crumbled and Gabriel fell to the pavement.
He landed on his feet hunched over almost on all fours. He stood unsteadily and scared as a regular mortal, but with a determination, unlike them.
“What do you want?” Gabriel then saw Eternity on the ground. He looked quickly back at Beldane.
“Don’t you recognize her, Gabriel? This is the love of your life. And I have succeeded in killing her. Well, she’s dying anyway. But my night would not be perfect until you were dead alongside her. Now, she gets to watch my triumph. And the result of her betrayal. It’s a shame you can’t share in her anguish. I would only enjoy this more.”
Beldane charged Gabriel. Gabriel dodged to the side. Beldane skidded to a halt. “Don’t run from me, Gabriel. That’s cowardly, stand and fight me!”
Gabriel was shaking and hiding behind some of the cars. Eternity yelled at Beldane, “You’re the coward, Beldane. Gabriel, run! I’m a lost cause anyway. You need to remember who you are before you fight. You have to!” Eternity coughed up blood.
“Oh, that’s so touching,” Beldane said as he
walked over to Eternity, “Run. Save yourself my love, it’s okay. Blah, blah, blah,” Beldane mocked Eternity.
When Beldane reached her, he raised his arm and smacked her.
She hit the pavement. “Gabriel, come save her. Or try at least. This is sad to watch. It breaks my heart you don’t care about her like she apparently cares for you…. Disgusting.” Beldane spit on the ground next to Eternity.
Eternity tried to rise back up to a sitting position but her strength was fading. Her hands clawed at the pavement and her eyes searched for Gabriel.
Gabriel was moving down the rows of cars. He looked over at the motel wall. He spotted a fire hose and axe on the wall. What would he do with it once he had it against that thing? He had no idea. But he had to try.
He ran for it. Beldane raised his hand immediately and lightning struck the building stopping him.
Gabriel dove back behind the cars, weaponless. More cement of the building showered the ground around Gabriel, bouncing off cars. He sighed and rested the back of his head on the car. 
Who the hell was this guy? And why did he want to kill him and this woman? Why couldn’t he remember anything? Gabriel was getting frustrated with himself. But it all seemed so familiar, but he couldn’t place anyone. Yet.
Beldane stumbled again and this time Eternity noticed it. He was getting weaker. If they could drain him a bit more….. Maybe it would help.
Beldane circled back to the cars, “Gabriel just come out, I’ll let Eternity go for now and your death will be quick. Will that make you happy?”
Gabriel rolled his eyes. He knew that was a lie. Both parts. Wait how did he…. never mind. He needed a plan.
Gabriel walked out from behind the cars. Beldane smiled. “Wait.” Gabriel said,” I want to fight you on strength alone. No tricks or…. lightning. Just man on man.”
Beldane smiled, “As you wish, but you will die slower.” Beldane smiled in delight. He wanted to savor Gabriel’s defeat.
The men circled each other in the middle of the parking lot. Gabriel knew he was bigger than this angel… man….demon thing. 
The monster’s black, featherless wings scraped the pavement behind him. His dark armor perfectly fitted to him for quick movement. But he also knew this guy was powerful. He needed to be careful and quick as well. How he knew the attacks and moves to perform on this creature troubled him. But he would think about that later.
Beldane swung the first punch, and Gabriel
dodged it rolling on the ground. Beldane ran to Gabriel and tackled him to the ground. They slammed to the pavement and rolled for a minute, punches thrown and taken.
Eternity tried to crawl to them. She had to help somehow. If she could get to a car she could use it to stand up. But from there what could she do? If only she had her powers. Curse this mortal trial!
Gabriel rolled Beldane into a car’s grill. He
grunted, but it didn’t slow him down.
They both got back up to their feet. They circled again.
Gabriel saw Eternity trying to stand and he
shook his head.
Beldane took advantage of his lack of attention and used his wings to propel him into Gabriel once again. The last attack he used to cause Gabriel’s loss of memory.
Gabriel was thrown 10 feet away and rolled
across the ground. Skin and blood scraped off along the way.
Beldane walked over to Gabriel. He stood over him sneering. “Enough of this. It’s time to end this tragedy.”
Beldane raised his hand. Gabriel scooted back as quickly as he could.
Eternity managed to stand and used all her
energy to move to Gabriel as fast as she could. It didn’t matter how much pain she was in, she needed to reach them. To protect her Gabriel.
Just as the lightning arced down spiraling
towards Gabriel, Eternity jumped in front of him taking the entire blast. Just as he had done once for her. Maybe this and her death will jog his memory.
Gabriel froze watching this woman giving her life up for him. Her lifeless body fell to the ground. Charred and burnt from the electricity. Smoke rose from the body.
He watched the life in her eyes fade as she hit the ground and her blood cooled on the pavement.
Beldane laughed as he stood over her corpse. “Well, that was interesting. And quite a fitting end. Wouldn‘t you say?”
Beldane turned to look at Gabriel. Gabriel was staring at Eternity. He couldn’t look away. Her eyes wouldn’t look at him, and it seemed… wrong.
Beldane walked over and punched him in the face.
Gabriel stumbled a few steps back. Blood ran from his nose. Gabriel looked at Beldane. Those blue eyes… his floating dark hair…. Just like…. Images flickered in his mind. Memories he couldn’t piece together.
 He tried to dodge another punch, but failed as his mind pieced together the last few days…then years.
Hatred flowed through Gabriel’s veins as his memories returned in a flood.
He looked over at Eternity’s body and roared. The wind picked up and wrapped itself around Gabriel forming his silver gleaming armor.
Beldane took a step back. “No!” he growled. Gabriel’s arm lifted into the air and his sword formed quickly.
The clouds parted immediately and the wind kicked up amazingly strong. Gabriel cried his battle cry and charged Beldane.
Using the wind to his advantage, as well as his wings, he focused all his power on Beldane. Killing Beldane’s power over the elements.
Gabriel swung his sword with all his might. Beldane tried to run. Turning his back to Gabriel.
Gabriel sliced a wing and Beldane howled. Beldane spun and raised his arm to strike again so Gabriel took it off.
Beldane fell to the ground bloody and defeated. He screamed in pain like the dark creature he was. His eyes showed fear for once.
Gabriel raised his sword and killed him quickly. Something he didn’t deserve. His body dissolved to dust and blew into the breeze as if he never existed.
The rain began to fall, then. Gabriel made his way over to Eternity’s body. Tears fell down Gabriel’s cheeks and fell to stones on the pavement. Dropping his sword, it faded back into the air where he retrieved it from. He lifted her lifeless body and flew into the storm.

Chapter 52

“Save her!” Gabriel cried to the King as he landed in front of the castle. The King had watched everything happen in the pools and awaited Gabriel’s return. People began to gather at the commotion.
Tears still fell down Gabriel’s face. He looked over at his brothers who had just walked outside. The pain and sadness on their faces only freshened his own. So Gabriel looked back at the King.
“You can’t bring a mortal here, Gabriel. You know the rules. She forfeit-“ the King tried to reason with Gabriel, but it was useless.
“Don’t you dare say it… you save her or I leave.” He said threateningly.
The King sighed, “Where would you go, Gabriel?” Gabriel looked down at the woman dead in his arms. Then, he glared at the King.
“Anywhere necessary to bring her back.” Gabriel was so full of hatred in this statement the King actually feared his next actions.
The King gave up and motioned inside, “Bring her and I’ll see what I can do, but no promises, Gabriel.”
Gabriel nodded and moved quickly inside with Eternity.

Chapter 53

Eternity woke up in her old chambers back at the castle. She blinked a few times trying to clear her vision.
She sat up, already propped up a little by her wings and looked around. Gabriel sat at her side next to the bed holding her hand. She looked at him curiously.
Gabriel met her gaze and smiled warmly, relieved. He then nodded his head towards her window. Eternity looked in that direction.
The King was looking out the window on the scene there. HE turned HIS head to look at her when HE heard her move and smiled. HE moved to the other side of the bed.
“Welcome home,” HE said.
Eternity looked at HIM, confused. “Not that I’m complaining, but I failed you, my King. I remembered everything of this life as a mortal, during my trial. I should be with the Dark Lord. You don’t have to break the rules for me. It will only fuel the war.”
The King smiled at her. HE sat on the edge of the bed. “You knew you had lost the trial, Eternity. You knew that when you died you would go to the Dark Lord and he would torture you horribly for all your immortal life. And yet you gave up the life you could still live out away from the Dark Lord as a mortal, for Gabriel. That is why you are allowed access into this kingdom, Eternity. You gave up all you had including your life, knowing the consequences, for another person. And you are here to stay. The Dark Lord has no claim over you now. It’s in the rules. Read the fine print next time.” The King chuckled.
Eternity was stunned for a second then smiled and hugged her King. HE chuckled again as she laughed happily and relieved.
When the embrace ended the King stood, “Well, I have duties to attend to. It’s good to have you home my dear. You just get some rest.” With that the King left.
Eternity looked over at Gabriel. The love flowing between their gazes was intense. Eternity leaned over and hugged him. “I love you, Gabriel.”
Gabriel sighed as he smelled her hair. “And I love you, Eternity.”
They ended their embrace and Eternity had tears of happiness in her eyes. “I have missed being here. I’m surprised I passed my trial. But I’m glad I did. You were right, I belong here. I’m not sorry for what happened to my brother. He deserved it. You did what you had to do.”
Eternity wanted to reassure Gabriel she wasn’t mad over Gabriel’s actions.
“Thank you. I honestly needed to hear that. I knew it had to be done, but I wasn’t sure with everything…” Eternity picked up there where he left off.
“I still love you. And I’m glad it was you,” she said.
Gabriel smiled and spoke up shyly, “There is something else I want to talk to you about, Eternity.”
Eternity looked at him curiously and intently. Gabriel got down on one knee next to the bed.
“Eternity, I love you with all my heart and I’m sorry it’s taken me this long to see it. I can’t go another moment knowing you’re not mine. Will you marry me, Eternity?”
Eternity looked at his face. He looked so happy and she loved him so, but he couldn’t understand the fear coursing through her at his words. She belonged to no man.
The smile left her face, “I can’t, Gabriel.” Gabriel’s face fell and he stared at the woman who was breaking his heart.

Part 2

Chapter 54

The next week went by as a normal week does for Redeemers preparing for war. Training preparations, extra classes, building, and supplying armor and weapons for everyone.
Eternity took on more than most to keep her busy. She was trying to put off the inevitable.
A party was thrown for Eternity that same first week she was back, as a coming home party and the passing of her trial.
Everyone was glad to see Gabriel back as well. But the two did not speak at the party, nor for the entire next week.
Everyone could feel the tension between the couple, but no one was brave enough to ask or try to help.
The King was even letting them work it out on their own. Well, maybe “letting them” wasn’t the right phrase. Wanting them to work it out so HE wouldn’t be stuck with the job was more of HIS excuse.
Everyone knew what the two were capable of and when angry… and well, they were all afraid to trigger a fight or brawl.
The couple would purposely walk different paths from the other, until it was their routine and there was no confrontation at all in their day. Even their meal times were at different times.
Finally, Michael, about a month later, saw Gabriel walking through the hallway heading outside.
He scooped up all the courage he had to confront his brother. Gabriel needed to hear some reason. Michael jogged a little to catch up to join Gabriel on his walk.
Gabriel turned to see who it was and then looked straight ahead again. He prepared himself to be talked at rather than talked to.
Both brothers were in their white robes as all Redeemers usually wore throughout the castle. It was their comfy clothes.
They finally hit the grass under their feet, which was different than the stone floors of the castle, when Michael finally got enough courage to talk some sense into Gabriel. “Gabriel-”
Gabriel interrupted him. “Don’t. I have enough talking and thoughts going on in my own head, I don’t need your two cents added to it.”
Michael shoved his brother while smiling. “Would you just listen?” Michael tried again, “I’m not going to say anything to you about you and your woman problems. If you don’t want me to anyway. But if you do I will gladly smack some sense into you.”
Gabriel glared at his brother and Michael
continued unafraid, “but I will talk about Eternity. So you may shut up and listen. Because this, I will say whether you want to hear it or not. The King and I were talking the other day about my leave tomorrow for the front, and the prophecy came up.”
Gabriel stopped walking and turned to look at his brother. He was interested now. But he tried to still look angry. Why would the King bring that up, when the war was so close at hand? HE must truly believe this was the war and know who the prophecy is about. This was no coincidence.
Everyone had tried to pretend it wasn’t about this war. That the prophecy wasn’t real. Just a superstition. But it was still heeded. The King made it so.
Michael continued, “The King brought up a very convincing idea.”
Something in Gabriel’s mind seemed to click as he said, “It can’t be her.”
Michael nodded, “This is what we think. It
makes sense. Eternity is very powerful, and we know it’s supposed to be a female. Plus, she had too much power during her trial. After the King stripped her of it, too. It fits, Gabriel. The prophecy is a strong and powerful female Redeemer, we know that much. I’m just saying it could be.”
Gabriel sighed and looked up at the sun, closing his eyes. “Great,” he whispered, but Michael heard.
Michael said nothing in response. No one needed this added to their worries. The prophecy was a great answer for this war, but it had a bad ending for the hero.
Gabriel was feeling his world crashing now. He finally had Eternity and soon she would be taken away, again. He needed to savor her now.
Gabriel started walking again so Michael said, “I just thought you should know.”
Gabriel nodded, “Thanks, Michael. Now please, leave me to my thoughts.”
Michael nodded and turned to head back into the castle alone.
The prophecy, Gabriel sighed. The love of his life was suspected of being the sacred hero. The one who would end a terrible war and save millions of lives… but die in the process.
It specifically mentioned a woman being the sacred hero and Gabriel couldn’t remember what else. He would have to reread it to make sure he could gather all the evidence he could, so he could prove it was not Eternity. He could not lose her. She was his whole life. He couldn’t live without her.
Gabriel would also make sure she didn’t know it was her. Maybe if she didn’t know, it wouldn’t happen because she wouldn’t know what was expected of her. But then how would the war end? Well, if that failed and it was supposed to be her, he would try his hardest to take her place, her foretold ending.

Chapter 55

That night Michael was sneaking through the halls of the castle towards the King’s office. He had to get a look at that scroll before he left for the front.
He stealthily slipped around each corner in the hallways of the castle from his quarters to the King’s office very quietly.
Wearing all white against the white walls in the dark, he was actually well hidden. But he was experienced in these types of missions. Well, experienced in sneaking anyway. I mean come on, he had brothers.
With all the pranks he’s pulled, he had some mad skills. He chuckled at his childish thoughts.
He made it to the King’s office without incident and slowly cracked the door. All the lights were off so he knew it was empty inside.
The King was very nature conscientious. HE never had a light on HE didn’t need, or use water unnecessarily.
Michael quickly jumped inside and quietly shut the door. He had to be quiet because the King was a light sleeper and HIS chambers were right next door.
He turned around from the door and he could barely make out the desk along the back wall.
He slowly crept over to it, holding his breath as he walked, and stepped around the back side. He reached for the top drawer and opened it, the same drawer he saw the King use to hide the scroll away from view. The scroll lay inside. Why this drawer was not locked, Michael had no idea. The King obviously trusted HIS Redeemers way too much.
He carefully pulled it out and unrolled it on the desk.
He flicked on the desk lamp real quick and
quickly skimmed through the surrender terms. Michael stopped on the last term and reread it twice. ‘So that was what HE had been hiding,’ he thought.
Yes, it was upsetting the war couldn’t end easily, but the King had taken it hard, like it was a personal blow. HIS eyes were sad as HE had put the scroll in HIS desk. Tears hiding behind HIS glasses.
The scroll was more of a treaty than a surrender, that would seal the deal, and end the war with a trade. And for HIS trade, the King had asked for something for HIMself. Not selfishly, HE was due this. But that was all denied by the Dark Lord. He didn’t even look at the offer.
He quickly rolled the scroll back up and put it back in the drawer. Closing it quietly and turning off the desk light, he snuck back out of the office and to his quarters.
As Michael finally got back, undressed, and got into bed, he sighed, trying to prepare himself for the morning.
War would be his next mission and thought for months, but all he could think about right now was the scroll. The last term of the surrender. They each would get something at the end of the treaty as a sign of good will. The King had asked the Dark Lord for the return of Her.
Michael now knew where She was and he would stop at nothing until he could rescue Her for the King.

Chapter 56

The Dark Lord bellowed in his throne at the
news of Beldane’s failure. He had failed him! How could this happen?
That Gabriel had killed him and taken Eternity back to their castle fueled the Dark Lord’s anger. Eternity had failed! How could things change so rapidly for the worst! It was a dark day losing his most trusted servant, but he would avenge his death. His failure.
Shock and anger coursed through his veins. The Dark Lord seethed to himself.
The news bringer quickly left for fear of his
life. No one wanted to tell the Dark Lord bad news. Especially in this time of war.
The other soldiers in the hall tried not to tremble or show fear as the Dark Lord released his rage.
Those soldiers standing closest to the Dark Lord prepared to be hit. As he usually did when he was angry. It wasn’t so bad if you were used to it as the closest guards were.
They were also the biggest and strongest and could take a hit. They had the scars to prove it. But that didn’t mean they liked it or didn’t fear it.
Sometimes he didn’t use his hands, but his power. These soldiers were scarred and beaten, but they looked stronger and scarier in battle, so they took the hits with pride.
The Dark Lord was quickly out of his throne, pacing the floor, and talking to himself. No one thought him mad or crazy. He often thought up his best plans pacing and talking to himself in front of his subjects.
The Dark Lord had to plan the next attack on the front and the next personal attack on the King. He wanted the King to suffer and all those Redeemers to break! Like Gabriel. How could he hurt them? And with what?
He would probably need his best agent on the front right now. He didn’t want to send her, but until he had a better idea she would do fine. She never failed him. 
He didn’t want to fail on the front too. He couldn’t handle that failure right now, so he would send his best until he had a better option to send.
Now the personal attack he would need to think on. What would he use to get back at them? Maybe he could speak to his advisor. Yes he would, later. But first…
“Polaris!” The Dark Lord bellowed. A few minutes later, a female knight, you could only tell it was a woman by the breast plate she wore, walked into the throne room.
She walked like a man, and acted like a man. But she was smaller than a man. The rest of her was covered head to toe in black metallic armor. Black metal forged from the coldest, hardest, toughest metal found in their kingdom. A favorite of these warriors. It wasn’t as good as the celestial steel the Redeemers had, but it did the job.
Spikes rose all over her shoulders and arms. No one dared come close to her. 
Metal horns sprouted and spiraled from her helmet. Her visor was pointed into a V pointed down towards her neck. Her bare green wings folded behind her like she was royalty. Two axes were strapped to her back. The axes had runes on them no one here could read, and they never dared ask.
Dried blood crusted the blades. This woman was prepared, not only for war, but for death. And she was good at it.
The Dark Lord smiled at her, but he didn’t really mean it, they all knew and expected it. It made him seem unpredictable, and most feared that about him.
“Polaris, my dear it’s good to see you. I hope I wasn’t interrupting anything for you,” the Dark Lord said.
Polaris was silent. The Dark Lord continued, “I’m sure you know about Beldane by now and his….failure.”
He paused for a second to clear his mind of
anger and tried to continue as to not attack her, yet, “I need you to lead the next attack on the Redeemers. I need my best on the front for now and that is you. Do not fail me. If you do… well, you may not want to come back. When I find a replacement to take over, I‘ll let you know, go now.”
Polaris nodded and left the throne room. The Dark Lord sat back on his throne and sighed. He needed a plan. Time to ask his advisor.
He looked to his side which was empty and dark. He grew frantic and angry, again. How dare She! Stubborn, woman!
He roared as he rose from his throne and headed out of the throne room. The walls trembling, seemingly in fear of him.
‘The day was already beginning so well, why would it change?’ He thought sarcastically. What would help it get better for him was total obedience from everyone, including his slaves!
She knew what had happened and she had
purposely disobeyed him. To anger him! Did she not know what happened to those who disobeyed him?
He had made sure to instill fear in his slaves, but this woman had proven hard to break. He had never met a woman like her.
He rounded the corner outside the throne room and down a hallway. The tight corridors were also black and badly lit, matching the throne room and the rest of the dark castle. He liked it this way.
A torch here and there would light the wall, but mostly everyone had grown accustomed to darkness. Helped the newbies focus.
Spiders strung webs across the corners of the halls making the castle look like it was put together with the silks. Cracks also appeared randomly along the wall and floors, glowing red with the heat below the castle.
Each hallway looked identical to the last, walls matching, turns mirroring the last hallways, even the webs seemed identical, and so many people got lost in it for days. Only the most trained fighters or experienced warriors could navigate their way through it. And the Dark Lord of course.
After a few tight corners and turns in the Dark Lord’s maze of a castle, he finally came to two very tall wooden doors guarded by four guards at all times.
The doors stood out from the rest of the castle. The wood was gorgeously cut and carved fit for the King’s own room. Hence why the Dark Lord thought he needed them. He went through a lot to steal them. Just to appear better than their King.
Lighted torches lit up the wooden doors so they shined like they were made of gold.
The Dark Lord walked past the guards and threw open the doors. They bounced off the walls sending a loud boom echoing off the walls for a few seconds.
Cracks shot out from the force of the doors
slamming into the stone walls. Walls that acted like a prison to those inside.
This room was the Dark Lord’s private
chambers. The room was wide open. It had no walls separating a room or office off for the Dark Lord. Not even a bedroom. Instead it was all bunched together in one giant room.
The room was a dark gold color lit by many
torches. The silk golden bed laid to the right of the room. The golden desk was near the left next to the wall. A smaller throne mimicking the one in the throne room, but made of solid gold, stood at the back of the room.
Each corner of the room had a pile of gold that spilled gold coins and jewels onto the floor around it.
Only the center of the room was clear to walk through. Someone obviously liked to bask in his greed.
The Dark Lord looked back by the throne and started to stomp over to it. His foot falls echoing in the silent room.
A woman with golden blonde hair matching the golden room and emerald green eyes stood near the throne unmoving and unflinching. She held her head high even in the garb she was given. It made her sick to wear it. It was to make her appear lower and owned to the men here. Just like the gold in the room.
There were few women in this castle. So the few that were here were treated like lesser beings. Some even taken advantage of. So you either proved you could kill a man and they stayed away, or you were promised sanctuary by the Dark Lord for who knew how long. Probably until he grew tired of you. Then, you were fair game.
The outfit she wore matched the chamber. Gold bands were on her arms, a gypsy style top stopped above her stomach while coins dangled below, touching her stomach. A skirt covered in gold ropes and coins was skin tight on her hips stopped above her calves in a diagonal fashion.
Gold jewelry and coins decorated her all over; even a small tiara was placed on her head in her curly blond hair. But it all barely covered her.
At spots even some of the material was see
through. She looked like she belonged in this room with the treasure as part of it.
The only difference between her and the rest of the warriors that lived in this castle was that she had no wings like the rest. She was not a Redeemer. Nor a mortal. She was older than that.
She was a slave, but at least she was protected from the other warriors. But she knew soon the Dark Lord would release her to the whims of the other warriors. She cringed at the thought.
She braced herself for his anger. She knew her tardiness today would anger him, but her spirit was yet to be broken and she enjoyed his annoyance with her. How easily she could trigger it. But she knew someday her enjoyment would end and the Dark Lord would kill her. If only she had her powers. But here, her powers never worked.
She had long ago given up on being rescued. She didn’t want a war started for her anyway. She was no Helen of Troy. Besides no one knew where she was. They probably thought her dead after all these years.
So, she knew this was her end; it was just a
matter of when. And she would delay it as long as
possible, and she would cause all the trouble she could for the Dark Lord and his ilk.
The Dark Lord stopped inches from her face. He waited as the doors behind him closed by the waiting guards.
Once he heard them shut and lock, he looked at her and spoke as calm as he could manage, “Where were you this morning? I needed your advice and you were not at your post.”
The Dark Lord grinned angrily, not hiding his anger very well. He struck her as she stayed silent and only her head spun with the force. She held her body still with practice. And she had a lot of practice over the years.
She turned her head back forward and kept her head held up. She knew his habits by now and prepared herself.
“Would you like me to just kill you, Maggie, and get this over with? It’s not like I need you anymore anyway. You are easily replaceable. Is that what you want?” The Dark Lord taunted her.
Maggie turned her head and faced the Dark
Lord. She knew the Dark Lord wouldn’t kill her. She knew how the King thought, the plans HE would make, and it came in handy for the Dark Lord. Hence, why he made her his advisor. He got many answers through her. But he hadn’t needed her lately. She wouldn’t die yet, she knew that, but some things were worse than death.
She spoke back to him. “Do with me as you
wish, Abaddon, but you know I want you to kill me. So the only way to make me suffer is to keep me alive … with you.”
The Dark Lord smiled at her patronizingly. “You make me laugh, Maggie,” he stroked her arm, “you know there are other ways of torture. So don‘t tempt me.”
Maggie knew what he threatened and could hear the men at the door chuckle in anticipation.

Chapter 57

Michael was flying through the clouds with a few hundred reinforcements towards the front lines. They may not be needed, but it was better safe than sorry. Besides, with these numbers they could send back any wounded and they wouldn’t be missed, fighting wise.
The sun felt good on his golden wings. Michael chose once again to wear his leather armor. He liked the feel of it. Plus, it weighed less. Not to mention the dark brown color of his armor accented his golden wings. He was a little vain. He brushed his honey hair out of his eyes.
He stretched his wings as wide as he could and took a deep breath. He loved the smell of the air up here. The coolness of it, the clean scent. Flying was like an aphrodisiac for him.
After a few hours, he finally saw their army’s camp and headed down through the clouds. The Redeemers behind him followed his lead. They dove down towards the army.
Not too much later, they landed and Michael released the recruits to settle in with the rest of the ranks. They would construct their own shelters and, if needed, take care of their weapons or armor. Whether that meant sharpening them or cleaning it. He then went in search of his brother, who found him first. A smile on his face.
Michael and Uriel hugged, armor and swords clanging together. “It’s about time you showed up,” Uriel joked.
Michael smiled, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to
miss all the fun. You did leave some for me, right?”
Uriel laughed as they made their way to Uriel’s tent. They kept up the jokes in front of the men all the way to the tent.
Once inside the tent, the tension between them grew serious. No one outside could hear them now over the clanging of armor and metal of the blacksmiths and soldiers. They had to appear happy and care free in front of the soldiers. It boosted morale. They left being worried and any of their troubles for them alone. It helped keep
the soldiers focused and confident. Let the men see you happy and care free and they will believe it also.
So they talked in normal worried voices to each other in private. “How bad is it?” Michael finally asked after they caught up about life back at the castle and how the front had fared in the last few months.
Uriel sighed and sat on his cot covered in warm furs inside his personal tent. Michael stood by the small fire in the tent next to a vacant chair if he needed to sit after his journey.
“I’ve seen better,” Uriel chuckled, “it’s only
recently gotten worse. At first, it was just scouts we saw coming over the hill or through the woods or even above, flying. And now I have forces out there sitting in the mud in various locations taking turns, watching for more waves to come, because we don’t have enough of a notice sitting here at base camp. We’ve been hit by two waves of a few thousand already, but fortunately we’ve suffered
only a few casualties. Unlike the Dark Lord‘s forces, who have suffered quite a lot. We made sure of it. And the doctors are actually coming in handy too. I didn’t think much of them, but some of the wounded are healing faster. And the dying are being comforted.”
Uriel looked proud of himself for taking care of the few waves that had come, but Michael knew this was hard on him. It would be hard on anyone.
He was trying to keep a brave face on, but they were brothers. Michael knew Uriel’s moods and secrets. Besides it was always hard seeing or comforting a dying Redeemer. They had so little practice with death; it was harder on them than it was for mortals.
That wasn’t the worst part, though. The army they were fighting used to be Redeemers. All of them. Michael grew up with every single one of them. He was not looking forward to killing them. But it had to happen and they had to be strong.
It had obviously been hard for Uriel and Michael was getting worried. Uriel usually had no problems on the battle field. But they had no practice in killing friends.
“Well, you can leave whenever you’re ready, Uriel. I’ll lead the patrols around the perimeter tomorrow to see how bad things have gotten. We may have to move camp up closer to the front so we have time to send reinforcements for attacks.”
Uriel nodded at Michael and said, “Alright, I’ll leave tonight then. I’m ready to be back home. I need to be back home.” He smiled and started packing. Excited to leave.
Michael stood up to help him. The faster Uriel left, the faster Michael could get some sleep. He would be up early flying to the front.

Chapter 58

Eternity was out early in the morning, training in the fields with some new recruits when Gabriel in his robed attire started over to her.
Eternity saw him coming, but tried to focus on her class. What did he want now? This was horrible timing if he thought to discuss them now. Plus, she wasn’t ready.
She had just taught the new recruits, who all appeared about twelve years old in human years, a simple move to take down an attacker.
After being paired up, the recruits practiced the move on each other as Eternity walked around and supervised.
They were all practicing in a circular sand pit around back of the castle but still inside the castle’s large walls, which was better to fall in than grass.
Gabriel stopped at the spot where the grass ended and the sand began. He tried to watch the recruits and tried not to stare at Eternity. 
She was in her armor. The same he had made for her and it still fit. Dark brown and with hand carved Celtic symbols.  It made him feel good that she still wore it. You could easily make another set. And she hadn’t. Yet.
Eternity was trying to ignore him and was doing pretty good, she thought to herself. When she did get a quick glance at him, she kept thinking he looked like a Scottish warrior in a kilt even though his robes were a bit longer.
It had taken a lot of time for him to get his thoughts together and enough courage to approach this woman.
The class giggled and looked between the
experienced Redeemers knowingly, while trying to pretend to focus on the moves. All waiting to see a fight or something good happen.
Everyone knew of the couple’s troubles. And they all expected to see a fight between two experienced Redeemers. No one wanted to miss it, but then again they didn’t want to be near it.
The class continued as normal, or as normal as Eternity could keep it. Meanwhile, she braced herself for the confrontation.
It had been weeks since they talked and it had to happen sooner or later. Why not just get it over with? But man, did she wish she had more time.
The class finally ended and the kids slowly walked back to the castle after Eternity‘s closing remarks on their advancing skills. They kept turning back to look at the two Redeemers, watching and waiting for any excitement, while they went inside.
After all the kids made it inside, Eternity finally turned to look at Gabriel. They stood like that for a minute, until Gabriel tried to talk first, “Eternity… can we talk?”
Eternity looked down, then back up at him, and then she turned to walk farther away from the castle towards the beach where the walls ended.
She needed to get the sand out of her boots, it always happened during training, but that would wait. Plus, the grass was easier to walk on in boots than sand.
After ten steps or so, she turned to look behind her to see Gabriel not following. And looking after her sadly. “Well? Are we going to talk or make this awkward and stand here arguing?” She said.
Gabriel smiled a little and caught up to her. They fell into step with each other and headed for the ocean’s beach next to the castle. 
Gabriel cleared his throat, “Okay, first, I want to say I’m sorry for not coming to you sooner. And second, I need to know why you said no to my proposal.”
Eternity sighed and grimaced at him. He spoke quickly, “Not for my pride, but because I know you love me, so I want to help you through whatever problem this is you’re having to go through on your own.”
Eternity sighed again and looked out at the water ahead. They were hitting sand again under their feet. She stopped and took her boots off, dumping out the sand. Then, she continued walking barefoot.
“I do owe you an explanation. And you’re right, I do love you. But only a little bit. So don’t get a big head.”
Gabriel chuckled. At least she was being
humorous, that was a good sign. He was embarrassed at being angry when she said no, but he tried to hide that.
He wanted to shake some sense into her, but that’s not what you did with women. Only your brothers.
“I can’t marry you, but I can’t marry anyone. I don’t have a fear of commitment; I have a fear of being married.” Gabriel stopped walking and looked at her, totally confused.
Eternity stopped too, and hung her head. She sighed. Then, she spun to look at him. She smiled at him, hoping he understood, but he had a dumb look on his face. She rolled her eyes and stepped up in front of him and grabbed his hands in hers after setting her boots down.
“I love you, Gabriel. And that will never change, but I can’t be owned. That’s all marriage is! It’s just a ceremony saying I’m being handed to a man. I can’t do that!” Eternity was getting riled up, but Gabriel didn’t laugh. This was serious and he was so glad the reason was not him. She always did see herself as a wild child, he knew. She was a wild mustang that could not be broken. So to her, no to his proposal was just her way off bucking the cowboy trying to ride her off. She’d let the cowboy run beside her, but that was it. She could not be broken.
He gripped her hands back and put his forehead on hers lovingly.
“Why didn’t you just tell me? We don’t have to get married. At least not yet,” Gabriel threw in. Eternity giggled.
He leaned back and gripped her face in his
hands. “I’m just happy knowing you love me and being with you is enough for me. We can work out any problems we come across, but we’re doing it together.”
He kissed her and Eternity sighed. ‘Finally,’ she thought.
Gabriel pulled away and looked back into her eyes, his arms around her and asked, “Is that okay with you?”
Eternity nodded and said back, “But good luck getting me hitched to you any time in the future.”
They smiled and Gabriel said, “Okay, then how about when you’re ready to get married why don’t you ask me, just so I know without having to ask you again.” They both laughed.
Gabriel grabbed Eternity’s hand, and after
picking up her boots again, they headed towards the beach smiling. Once again in blissful happiness.

Chapter 59

Michael walked out of his tent at dawn. He
rounded up ten men to go with him to the front lines for a report, and for back up. Just in case he had a run-in in the sky with enemy soldiers.
After 30 minutes of flying, without incident, they landed among their soldiers, but on the front. Uriel was right; they were way too far from their army’s front lines. They could never send back up in time.
“Report,” Michael said to the Redeemer in
command.
“The scouts have reported movement in the
enemy camps. We believe they’re sending out another wave, but a small one, sir.”
Michael scowled, staring at the commander, “When were you going to send word to camp?”
The Redeemer in command paused and looked around for a second. He laughed nervously, “Well, if it’s as small as we think, we were just going to handle it, sir.”
Michael took a deep breath then said, “Never ….do anything….without asking me first, do you understand?”
He spoke loudly and didn’t let the scared
Redeemer answer, “You don’t eat, breath, sleep, or pee without asking me first. Never assume my answer, do you all understand?” He bellowed looking to the ranks around him.
They all stood a little straighter around him. The Redeemer in command nodded as did the other soldiers.
Michael dismissed him angrily and spoke
directly to the ranks, “Listen to me, all of you. There will be an attack this morning. But do not attack until I say. Follow my lead and my commands first. And do not doubt me, that will be your first and last mistake.” The ranks acknowledged him and fell back into formation
knowing Michael was in full command now.
Michael stood with the men in the mud; even though he was in charge, he was their equal in battle. There was no difference here.
Watching the horizon, they looked for any sign of movement. They heard the wings first and all the men looked up. Michael grabbed his sword and pulled it out of his sheath as a female knight landed in front of him crouched. She was completely surrounded by Michael’s men. 
She stood and folded her green, featherless
wings behind her, but pulled no weapon. Michael lowered his too, but didn’t sheath it.
Her wings were green, smooth, and leathery. It was the biggest difference between the two sides. Wherever the dark castle was, their feathers died quickly and left them demon like.
Looking up she was not alone. Her comrades stayed in the sky with bows and arrows aimed at Michael and his men. There were only a handful of them, though. Nothing intimidating.
Michael raised his hand to hold his men back as they started to get confused. He didn’t need them to trigger an unnecessary attack because they were scared. Who trained these men? They were acting like children. He would have a lot of work to do, he thought to himself, writing a mental note to do so.
The knight pulled her helmet off and fire red hair fell in locks over the armor. Michael would know that hair anywhere. 
“Polaris. You look well.” Polaris smirked and started circling Michael with her helmet under her arm. Her pale porcelain face glowed over her dark armor. Freckles dusted her nose and cheeks. Her pale violet eyes were cold and hard, showing no emotion. Michael didn’t miss the axes on her back either. Nothing had changed, he saw.
“I didn’t expect you here. It’s been awhile, has it not?” Polaris said skipping an unneeded introduction. Her accent was prominent as it always was. To compare with mortals it was like German and old English mixed together. She sounded like an aristocrat from the 1700’s.
Michael said nothing. Showed no emotion. He just watched Polaris circle him. Like a lioness before the kill.
“I have been sent to take over our ranks and I wanted to meet my foe face to face. Does it bother you to fight me?” Polaris stopped and Michael walked up inches in front of Polaris. Her nostrils flared a little, but she didn’t back down. Her eyes were sizing him up.
“No, actually it will be what I now look forward to the most.” He goaded.
Polaris glared and gritted her teeth. “I hope you are as good as you think you are, Michael. You’ll need all the help you can get in the next few weeks,” Polaris smiled at him knowingly. Putting her helmet back on, she flew into the air next to her comrades.
The men watched the group leave and most of them calmed down quickly.
The Redeemer that had been in command,
walked up next to Michael and spoke, “We all have friends on the other side. It’s hard, but it will get easier when you see the carnage they can do. Once you hate them… it’s easy.”
The Redeemer walked off. Michael knew what the men here had seen and what they were referring to, because he had seen it before in other battles, but not from his own childhood friends starting or causing it.
He braced himself for one of the hardest missions he ever had to carry out. ‘Why did it have to be her?’ He thought to himself.
He watched her fly off into the distance, until her bouncing shadow disappeared over the hill. He closed his eyes as he thought to himself, ‘when the time comes I will kill her…..I have to.’
He then turned to his men, ready to shape them up. Let the training commence.

Chapter 60

Gabriel and Eternity came back into the Great Hall holding hands and laughing. The Hall went silent for a second, seeing the two back together.
In stunned shock, everyone starred at them, but everyone quickly and genuinely smiled and nodded in approval and went back to their original conversations.
Word would soon spread about them. You couldn’t have secrets here. The King was also in the Great Hall watching them as well, as HE was surrounded by Redeemers who demanded HIS attention.
HE walked over to the pair smiling. “It’s about time you two made up. You’ve both been so stubborn,” the King looked at the pair lovingly and the pair smiled back.
The King continued, “Also, Eternity, I thought you should know. This body you’re in is actually the healed body of your mortal self. You are still immortal now, but this is the same body as your trial. But you have all your powers and wings of course, same as before. When Gabriel brought you home, we patched you up, I let your powers, that I returned to you, form new wings, and we let you rest. I‘m sorry I didn‘t tell you sooner, but I didn’t want to burden you with more than you could handle too soon. It’s confusing, I know, that’s why I‘m not one of the newly appointed doctors.”
The King added whispering to them. “It’s
strange, because we never needed them before the war,” HE said. “But I’ve heard they are actually doing very well on the front, so I might station some doctors here just in case we need them as well.”
Eternity nodded understanding, “I actually
wondered. Not that I looked any different during the trial, but compared to my before and after body I think I’m a little taller thanks to my mortal dad,” She laughed.
The King smiled back at them and got swamped by more Redeemers with questions. HE was very busy lately with the war. HE nodded to the pair excusing HIMself to continue HIS duties.
The couple walked off to make up for lost  time. They headed for Gabriel’s chambers, Eternity giggling along the way.

Chapter 61

Michael was standing over a wooden table with the layout of the troops drawn on a large piece of parchment. Small pieces were movable to plan strategies and such.
Michael had been standing and thinking over possibilities all night. He had the camp moved up half way so they were fifteen minutes’ flight from the front lines now. It should work better than before and he would not have to leave so many troops out in the mud watching for enemies.
A scout came running up to Michael panting and trying to talk at the same time, “The enemy…. Is moving out…sir. A large army headed….our way.”
Michael patted the scout on the back and ran through the ranks shouting orders. Preparing to move, the men stood ready instantly.
Michael made it to the front lines and he could now see over the hill and watch the enemy army marching.
They were walking through dead forest with dark smoke billowing behind them making it look like they were killing all life in their path. People, animals, or nature.
Michael closed his eyes and focused his power on calling in the recruits he had learned to communicate with. They would need help to win this wave with their current numbers. And he had a good motive to believe someone else would like a chance to show Her anger of Her kind being murdered.
The men stood and watched as the enemy army started to come closer to the hill and Michael just stood there with his eyes closed. Some grew afraid and started to fall back.
Then, they heard something come out of the woods to the left and right. These woods were still alive and teaming with life. Mother Nature herself was angry about the deaths on Her side and wanted some action.
A large pack of wolves came bounding out of the forest’s edge and formed a front line in front of the soldiers barking, growling, and spitting at the approaching enemies. Giant birds and hawks circled overhead, coming out of the still living trees protecting attacks from the air. Their screams echoed over the sound of the approaching enemy.
Michael opened his eyes to see the enemy
approaching. He pulled his sword and the soldiers behind him mirrored what he did, regaining their stances and morale. Michael started walking towards the enemy, the soldiers did the same and then, so did the animals.
He started jogging and the soldiers and animals began jogging too. They were prepared for the battle, led by this fearless leader.
Michael yelled his battle cry and the enemy front lines had no time to be afraid as his soldiers yelled as well and the wolves howled and the birds above dove and screamed.
The clashing of metal on metal echoed in the clearing followed by silence. Until the second swipe broke the silent barrier, followed by screams and other attacks.
Blood pooled on the ground turning the dirt and grass into red mud. Wolves growled and bit. Birds scratched and pecked.
Michael swiped at a soldier near him who fell cleanly. Blood dripped up the sword and onto his arm.
He was trying to kill quickly. For their sake.
He could imagine who was under those masks. But it was easier for him that the enemy wore helmets. He didn’t have to see any familiar faces or know who he was killing personally. He was able to zone out and do the job. No emotions attached.
He continued the attack, slicing and chopping, until he could see the back of the enemy wave. He turned around to see his men following him, slicing away. He didn’t spend too much time looking behind him, though. He turned forward to look for her. Polaris.
He spotted her, behind her armies still in the burnt woods, on a black steed behind her men, just watching them die. ‘Cowardly,’ he thought. Let the men fight alone, where’s the leadership? So much for their morale. It was as if she didn’t care. ‘Strange,’ he thought.
He continued slicing his way back to her, killing the few Dark Lord’s soldiers who had run at him. He watched a few of his Redeemers go down beside him as he was focused on his personal kill.
He looked behind him and saw a few who also needed help. He looked back at Polaris who was watching him. She turned her steed and went back into the woods running away slowly, letting her men die. Without remorse.
Michael screamed with rage at knowing he could not get to her yet and went back to help his men. It was the better decision, he tried to tell himself. Killing her would not stop the war. ‘But he would get his chance,’ Michael thought to himself. It would make him feel better, at least.
After hours of fighting, the Redeemers finally won that round and killed all of the enemies who hadn’t run away.
Everyone was tired, and bloodied. Some were wounded and hundreds dead. But Michael knew they weren’t done yet. More would soon come.
He instructed a team to scour the battle field and take all the wounded back first. They had new doctors, might as well use them.
Then, he had a team carry back the dead, to bury. Next, another team would write down the names of all who died and a courier would fly the list to the King.
Teams split up to do what he asked. He headed to the main camp alone to continue planning his next attack. He would return with more troops as well.
Losing the opportunity to face Polaris was eating at him. He now wanted to confront her, face to face. But on the battlefield. Sword to sword. But when they were face to face, would he be able to do what he had to do? They had history, but not a strong history. Just an angry, deceitful past.
Once back at camp, he sighed and looked back down at the table with strategies mapped out on it. A hawk landed on his shoulder and a wolf came over and sat next to him. He patted the wolf’s head who hung his tongue out in joy.

Chapter 62

A knock sounded at the King’s door. “Come in,” HE spoke loudly.
A courier stepped in HIS office. HE could tell the flier was from the front by his dress and the dirt he was covered in.
The courier handed HIM a note and bowed.
“Thank you. You may return to your post,” the King answered.
The courier stood and left quickly, shutting the door behind him.
The King knew what the note was. The names of the dead. HE had received similar ones from Uriel earlier in the year. And HE hated this part.
HE would write letters to each one’s family and hand deliver them. Personally, HE would console each one the best HE could and give the families a large sum of money for their loved one’s sacrifice. It was never enough, but it was all HE could offer.
The King opened the letter and started writing letters to each family. Setting HIS other duties aside for now.

Chapter 63

Horrible two headed dogs chained to walls hung at the end of their metal binding trying to attack the people walking by.
Snake-like lizards with horns growing above their red, blind eyes were barred in cages farther down the corridors. More creatures followed in cages, unable to be described.
Howls and screeches could be heard echoing down the halls and halls of creatures being tortured and readied for battle.
One cage was dark and no sound came from it. She stepped closer to it unable to move away.
A clawed, scaled foot with fur appeared slowly. A hissing sound came next. Two glowing eyes opened next in the darkness followed by a second set above it.
“I know you are here. And as you can see…. You are not the only one with the sight.” The voice spoke like a low pitched cough, hard to decipher.
 “Be careful whom you choose to side with, for I have your scent. And as you can see….your death awaits you.” Laughter rumbled shaking the floor.
Eternity jerked up in bed breathing hard. Gabriel awoke with a start as well. “What? What’s wrong?” Gabriel asked trying to comfort her.
“It was another nightmare. The same as last
night. I don’t know why I keep getting these dreams. They’re so awful.” Gabriel wrapped his arms around Eternity and tried to comfort her.
She lay back down and tried to find sleep, praying for a different dream this time. Gabriel tried to push the prophecy out of his mind, but this was proving difficult.

Chapter 64

Michael sat at the small table in his tent eating the evening meal which consisted of watered down soup and bread. It was also way past the evening meal time, so the soup was cold, but Michael had been busy when the meal was served. And now he wasn’t that hungry.
He did pick at it a little knowing he needed some strength for tomorrow. He grimaced at the taste of army food. Maybe he could ask the King to send a better cook. It would help morale a lot to look forward to a nice delicious meal.
He put another small log on the fire to warm the tent and very slowly started taking off his armor. He hung it up on a wooden T shaped stand by the tent flap, cleaned and oiled it, then quickly got into bed since it was cold and he was nude.
He placed his sword next to his bed, though. He never trusted the night. Plus, if anyone attacked camp he needed and wanted it quickly.
He felt better with it closer to him, even though he had many more knives and daggers stashed for other incident emergencies. He was cautious and some said paranoid, but he was still alive.
A short while later, Michael still lay awake on his cot. For some reason he couldn’t get to sleep. He was tired, especially after fighting, but he just couldn’t keep his eyes closed. There was too much buzzing around in his head. Then, he realized, it was no coincidence, his reason of unfound sleep. Everything happened for a
reason.
The fire had died down now, but he could still see the shadow of someone moving in his tent. He didn’t have time to go for his sword stealthily, but he did have a dagger under his pillow.
He reach up slowly and grabbed it, ready to strike his would be attacker.
As he watched the person moving about his
room dressed all in black, and preparing for his perfectly timed strike, Michael realized the person was small and quick and didn’t really care about him. Or in hurting him, anyway. He thought Michael was asleep and he was just digging through his stuff. What was he looking for? He wondered. He didn’t have anything of value here.
He decided to let the thief search to find out himself. But of course he would stop him before he left and probably question him and kill him, but hey, he would have answers.
Hopefully, Michael didn’t have a spy on his side. He had no mercy for spies.
The shadow finally picked up a piece of paper and a pencil and moved silently to the table. Was he writing something down? Michael watched the person write for what seemed like minutes, until he grew tired of waiting.
Michael very slowly, got out of bed with the dagger he stashed and moved silently over to the shadow.
Holding his breath to make him more silent, he moved up behind him and grabbed the small attacker from behind placing the dagger at his throat.
The shadow tensed, but didn’t fight back.
Strange if he thought he was about to die, but he was confident as if he knew he wouldn’t.
Michael spun the attacker around with the
dagger still at the shadow’s throat. The person didn’t even attempt to fight back. Michael couldn’t see a face through the black fabric, but this close he could make out a body and he noticed it was definitely female!
His pulse quickened, it couldn’t be…He 
Reached up and pulled the fabric off her head and red hair spilled out.
Michael gasped, “Polaris?” She seemed to smile uneasily, “Hello, Michael. I think we need to talk.”
Michael struck her in the jaw to knock her out. She fell limply, but he caught her before she hit the floor.
He then tied her to the chair, so there
would be no tricks up her sleeves when she awoke.
Checking her for weapons and strangely finding none, he suddenly realized he was still naked and threw on some pants.
His mind was spinning. Why was she here? Why didn’t she try to kill him? Why wasn’t he killing her? He didn’t know what to do, but when she woke he would question her. About everything ….and not just about tonight.
 This was a big advantage to have the leader of the enemy lines in custody. He could get Intel on battle plans and basic info, numbers. He was getting excited. He then remembered what she had been doing.
He walked over to the table and picked up the paper. Not being able to read it very well, he had to feed the fire again for a minute to brighten the room.
Once he could see everything, he glanced again at Polaris. Her head hung down, still unconscious. She made no movements except to breathe.
Michael sat across from her and the fire, and then looked at the paper once more. It read:

Michael,
I’m not who you think I am. The King, your
King, and I are on the same side. No one else knows of our plan.
Unfortunately, I cannot tell you either, in
case this letter falls into the wrong hands. (Please
burn after reading.)
But I needed you to know I was not supposed to be on the front. I was not supposed to be responsible for any deaths on our side. So I will kill no one, but the Dark Lord’s men. I will make it look like I’m trying to attack your armies, but I’m not.
I may be in trouble. If I fail here, on our front, and I will for our Redeemers must not lose, the Dark Lord will kill me. Like the others. Please tell the King I need to be pulled out. My mission might be over before it has begun. Years of undercover work wasted.
If he has any ideas on how to keep me here, he knows how to contact me. I can’t contact him; I’m watched here too closely.
And Michael I am personally sorry for everything and not being able to tell you all, now or then, but know it is and was for the best. And I am no traitor. It is important you know that, but tell no one. Everyone else must think I am a traitor.
Also-

The letter ended there. Michael was stunned. When had the King and Polaris discussed this? And why wasn’t he told? He could keep a secret.
He was hurt by his King‘s lack of trust in him, but it must have been to make it look real and for the best, he assumed. If he didn’t look upset to everyone, it wouldn’t look convincing when she had left.
What did he care anyway? It wasn’t as if she was anything to him. Only his pride was hurt when she had left.
Polaris was Michael’s betrothed. The King had taken a deal from a neighboring town. Sort of a small treaty. The town would serve the King and in exchange the King would provide a good marriage for the girl. The lord of that town’s daughter. And Michael had been chosen.
At the time, Michael had not really cared. No one in the castle had his attention. And so he had agreed. It pleased the King.
They only met a couple times themselves, but Michael had taken to her a little. He felt that maybe this wasn’t just another mission of something he had to do to serve his King. He actually looked forward to the marriage.
But she had left him. At least now he knew it wasn’t him that chased her off. It somehow still didn’t help his anger ease off.
So it was just mainly pride. Since the betrothal was only for about a month, no one thought Michael was too attached to her. And he wasn’t.
Even his brothers felt he would be relieved more than anything that she had left and canceled the betrothal, but he wasn’t relieved. Angry, but not relieved.
He now knew this was all for a mission, and she was loyal to the King. He was confused on how he was supposed to feel, though. He was happy she was on their side. But did he believe that? Not really.
He didn’t want to be married to her now and he wasn’t in love with her, but he had been intrigued.
Right now, though, he would get answers and go from there. He would come up with a plan to keep her undercover and away from him. If that was what the King wanted.
She started to stir. Michael stayed where he was. He didn’t want her to know that he knew anything yet. He hid the letter behind him.
She slowly came to and moved her jaw. Then, she saw Michael. “What the hell did you hit me for? I didn’t fight back did I? What did I do to deserve that?”
Michael smiled, “You’re my enemy, why would I trust you?”
Polaris’ face fell. She glanced at the table and back at him knowingly, “You idiot, I know you have what I managed to write down so quit playing bad cop and tell me what you think! Stop holding this stupid grudge against me from a past long ago, neither of us wanted it anyway.”
Michael replied coolly, “Well, you got that part right. And fine, I read your letter. Am I just supposed to believe you’re on my side?”
Polaris rolled her eyes, “Well, I could have tried to kill you, but I didn’t. I made it past all your men and into your tent undetected to write a fake note? No, but if I was evil, you should fear me. I move very silently.” She smiled to herself all cocky.
Michael rolled his eyes, “Okay, whatever. For the moment, I’ll believe you’re on my side. But I’m not untying you.”
Polaris frowned and seemed to pout. “So I’m your prisoner of war now?”
Michael smiled, “Well, if you’re truly undercover that would be the best plan now, wouldn’t it? Besides, I’m sending a note to the King in the morning asking HIM about your story, telling HIM I have you in custody, and asking HIM what to do with you. So you better get comfy in that chair. It‘s going to be a long night.” He smiled to himself and threw another log on the fire.
Polaris was obviously angry, “You can’t leave me tied up! I need to get back-”
Michael interrupted her, “Actually, I can and I will. And don’t worry I’ll make sure to get you back over there as fast as I can.” Michael said the last part with a bit of venom. 
Polaris pouted a little and sank back in the chair trying to get comfy. She was mad; she was caught, and bound. But it was her own fault. He didn’t need to know, the King had said about letting Michael in on this secret too. She had tried to tell Michael, but was forbidden then. But she saw the shock on Michael’s face when she had
landed to meet him earlier on the battlefield. And she didn’t want him to think what he obviously had thought of her. So she had to let him know.
Everyone else thought horribly of her and it was for good reason. She was undercover and it didn’t bother her. But for some reason it felt wrong to let Michael think she was part of this dark army. She had no answer as to why she felt bad. But it was obviously a weakness she should have ignored. Her infatuation from long ago may
also be spurring her unease.
Being on the Dark Lord’s side had made her stronger and harder. She had learned a lot of Intel for the King and quite a bit had come in handy for them. Some of the information had also saved them from sneak attacks and such. She was just lucky she hadn’t been caught yet.
She glanced down at her necklace. A skinny vial on a chain still hung there tucked under her dark suit. It looked to be filled with water to any normal person. But that water poured into a small bowl or similar surface served as a communication device to talk to the King anywhere she was. It was water from the present time pool at the castle.
So far no one had become suspicious of it or her, but she had always kept it on and under her armor. So no one saw it.
It always worried her to contact the King, so she only did so when she was sure she wouldn’t be caught. Which wasn’t often. But so far no one had caught her doing that, either.
She could tell Michael about the vial, but she couldn’t have him take it. She needed it later and she couldn’t take the chance he wouldn’t return it to her. She would wait until Michael fell asleep and she would use her powers to escape. He would never know she was escaping until she was already gone. She had a few tricks up her sleeve she had learned undercover.
Michael felt smug at the moment. He sat at the table and wrote a note to the King explaining everything about Polaris and asking HIM what he should do. He didn’t attack the King, but he knew the King would know he was mad. But that was HIS own fault, Michael thought. HE should have told him.
Michael finished the letter and sealed it, leaving it on the table until morning. He then tried to lie down and get some sleep again. 
He looked over at Polaris who was trying to sleep in the chair looking rather uncomfortable like. He smiled to himself and this time, sleep found him quickly.

Chapter 65

“Come in, Eternity.” The King waved Eternity into HIS office. She looked a little scared and nervous. She closed the door behind her and quickly came over and took a seat in front of the King’s desk.
“What’s wrong, Eternity? Is everything alright with you and Gabriel?” The King asked. HE gave her HIS full attention. It wasn’t like her to act this way.
Eternity looked up at HIM as she wrung her hands together, “Well, yes and no. I don’t want to get married, because I’m a weenie. And Gabriel knows and understands this.”
The King nodded lovingly, knowing Gabriel would do anything to make her happy. HE was proud of Gabriel.
“But you see I’ve recently come to find out…I’m pregnant.”
The King grew wide eyed and then smiled at her. Not the reaction Eternity had expected. She had expected a lecture and to be dragged to the chapel with Gabriel.
“That’s wonderful news! What does Gabriel say about it?” The King asked, assuming that was Eternity’s problem.
“Well, I haven’t told him yet. I thought you
would be angry because I pregnant before I was married and we had no plans to do so.”
The King stood smiling and walked over to
Eternity. She stood also. “Eternity, I don’t tell people how to live their lives. You do what’s best for you and I will never think less of you. This is wonderful news and it must be celebrated. What I am upset about is that you have not told Gabriel yet.”
Eternity smiled, relieved. She hugged the King, “That is what I needed to hear. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I need to go find my man and tell him the news.” And with that she left the office much happier.
The King went back behind HIS desk and sat down. HE smiled thinking to HIMself, ‘they are going to have their hands full with that child.’

Chapter 66

Michael awoke the next morning, to an empty tent. He leapt out of bed and threw his furs on the ground, angry.
The ropes he had bound her with were cut and lying on the floor. His letter was still lying on the table and nothing else had been removed. He sighed. She was good. Too good.
But at least she was on their side. She could have easily killed him and she didn’t.
He got dressed and put his armor on. He ate a quick breakfast and had a messenger deliver his letter to the King.
After seeing the messenger off, he went to find the scouts who should have come back from their rounds already.
After finding them and seeing there was no
movement from the enemy lines today, Michael nodded and sent them onto other duties.
With that good news he could hold off the
inevitable no longer. He went to find the head of security around here, because they had a lot to talk about on the night shift.

Chapter 67

Eternity went to find Gabriel after her talk with the King yesterday. She was feeling good and un-pressured. So today she would tell him.
She walked into the Great Hall and Gabriel stood next to the King discussing a letter HE just received, from the looks of it, from the front.
The King looked a little shocked, but at Gabriel. Gabriel was angrily yelling at the King. Uriel and Azriel were standing behind Gabriel like they were on his side. It looked like a fight was brewing.
A few of the other Redeemers were staring from their original conversations at the group.
As she got closer, Azriel looked to be ready to hold Gabriel back if need be. Strange they would attack or threaten to attack the King. Would Gabriel even get that angry?
Eternity walked quickly over to the group to try to help. She tried also to catch up on the conversation.
“How could you let her go by herself? She was first off a woman, not that there’s anything against that, but they’re physically weaker. It’s a fact. Plus, she had no experience in our training. Or in being undercover. She could have been killed. She didn’t know what she was getting into and she left Michael behind. You know he was upset.”
Azriel saw Eternity walking up and grimaced as he knew she had heard all of the “women are weaker” part. Gabriel would be in trouble later.
Azriel thought Gabriel was just angry a woman was chosen for the undercover mission rather than any of them, but he was saying anything now to attack the King and it would come back to hit him later.
Besides, none of the brothers could go undercover, because the Dark Lord would know they would never betray the King and that they were lying.
Azriel decided it was time to pull Gabriel away to calm down. But the King cut him off, his voice booming throughout the halls silencing anyone in hearing distance, “How dare you second guess my decision, Gabriel. She agreed to go. This was and is no concern of yours! And never read my mail again!”
HE dismissed Gabriel and left the silent room angrily, HIS robes billowing behind him.
Everyone was quiet as they stared at Gabriel who had made a fool of himself. He turned to see Eternity standing there looking angrily at him.
“Women are weaker?” She asked, now angry herself. The room stared on as they knew what was coming.
“Oh come on, I didn’t mean you. Don’t turn this around on me now. You know your-”
Eternity reached up and smacked him. How dare he say that in front of everyone to embarrass not only himself, but her as well. And how dare he upset the King also! Angry herself, she stalked off back outside.
Gabriel angry at himself and everyone around him, turned to stomp off through the back hallway to his quarters, shoving his helping brothers out of the way.
Azriel pointed to Uriel and then Gabriel. Then, at himself and out the door Eternity had stalked out of. Uriel nodded. They then each went after their designated angry Redeemer to try to calm them down and solve this fight. It was the last thing they needed, fighting amongst
themselves. But it was bound to happen when tempers were high.
Azriel walking quickly outside, calmly
caught up to Eternity. His white hair dancing in straight perfect strands down his back. His silver eyes looked wise and experienced.
He was the smartest of all the brothers. He was also the same age as the brothers give or take a year, but his hair had always been pure white.
His grey wings were folded behind him, but they stood out against his dark robes. He always wore dark colors.
Across his nose, cheeks, and a lot of his body he had many angelic symbols of protection and strength. His most beautiful were on his face. A thin strip of spirals and twists is what it looked like. It made him look more handsome than he already was. He was also very tall, probably the tallest of the brothers, but not the biggest or strongest.
Azriel’s skin always had a grey tint. The King said it was a birth defect. But Azriel had loved his oddity and it never hindered him.
Eternity was angry, obviously, and refused to look at him. But he could read her face and eyes.
Azriel let her calm down before he tried to
talk to her.
She started the conversation for him, “What do you want? Come to help your brother fix his relationship problems?”
Azriel smiled. “No, never. I couldn’t care less for his happiness. But yours, I care much for.”
Eternity seemed to calm down and hid a small smile. Azriel was one of her favorites of Gabriel’s brothers. And she could never stay mad at him. 
“Sorry, I’m not mad at you-,” Azriel cut her off, “Don’t apologize and no need to explain. We all know what idiot you’re mad at. But you know he’s just angry at himself. That boy has a temper. As you well know. He was snooping and got caught.”
Eternity smiled and nodded in agreement, “Yes, that is true.”
Azriel continued, “But try to take what he said with a grain of salt. Do not let him off the hook! By any means. But let him explain. He was angry. And hurt, pride mainly, I think. He is related to us, you know. But he was in the wrong, so make him grovel.”
Eternity smiled. “Okay. I do need to speak to him, anyway. I was just coming to tell him something important and I found him insulting me and attacking the King. He’s so infuriating.” She paused and looked at him, “And what would he do without you?”
Azriel smiled at the compliment, “He would surely lose all his friends and die. Now, why he was mad…”
He paused as Eternity giggled, then he continued talking,” Do you remember Polaris?” He asked.
Eternity nodded. She hadn’t heard that name in a while. Wasn’t that Michael’s bride who left for the other side? Eternity had liked her, but obviously they couldn’t be friends now.
“Well,” Azriel said, “Michael just discovered she’s leading the Dark Lord’s armies. Then, he found her in his tent the other night telling him she’s been under cover this whole time for us. It was a plan set up by the King and her. Gabriel, I believe, was mad he wasn’t chosen or something else idiotic and Michael’s mad he
wasn’t told. It’s a mess right now.”
Eternity nodded, now understanding. Gabriel had looked at the letter and almost let her identity out of the bag and so two angry men had attacked each other verbally. Men, hot headed and full of pride. She couldn’t really talk about pride, though. She was full of it, too.
“Now, forgive my asking, but you said you went to talk to Gabriel about something important? Can I know what it is or is it private?” Azriel asked.
Eternity stopped walking and looked at Azriel. “No, uh… I can tell you.” Azriel stopped walking and looked at Eternity who all of sudden looked nervous. She was never nervous. This was a warrior woman. What had her so scared? And why wasn’t Gabriel here for her? That idiot!
“Azriel, I’m pregnant.” Azriel’s mouth fell open. Then, he smiled and stepped over to Eternity to pick her up and swing her around in a circle.
Eternity giggled. Azriel set her down and spoke excitedly, “I’m going to be an uncle!”
He smiled and Eternity nodded. “Yes, but
remember Gabriel doesn’t yet know and I want to be the one to tell him. You can plan any party after that, okay?” Eternity spoke setting the ground rules.
Azriel composed himself to his usual calm self. He was really quite good hiding his emotions. Whoever he ended up with, would have to be able to detect lies very well or Azriel would get away with a lot. But that would probably mean they were also a good liar. ‘Good luck to the both of them,’ she thought of Azriel’s future.
“So, when do you think I should tell him? When will he be done being stupid?” She asked.
Azriel shrugged, “I could not answer that. Uriel is trying to talk some sense into him now, but I’d wait until he comes to you to apologize. That would be my advice. Make him grovel, don‘t forget.”
Eternity smiled, planning what she would make him do. They continued walking around the castle grounds, giving Gabriel time to cool down.
Azriel was thinking to himself who would be the one to cool down the King. It would not be him. He would be far out of range of that skirmish. He felt bad for whoever pulled that short straw.
At the moment, he was thinking about his uncle duties and how he would spoil the child. He smiled to himself as he walked with his close friend.
He also thought about what he would teach the child. ‘Everything he knew,’ he thought as he chuckled to himself. Good luck to both of them raising that child.
He smiled to himself as he kept talking to Eternity.

Chapter 68

“Gabriel would you sit down before you break everything in your room?” Uriel asked, looking bored sitting on Gabriel’s bed which was covered in debris.
Uriel’s red hair was braided down his back today to stay out of the wind and his hazel eyes. His fire red wings folded behind him. 
His build was tall, skinnier than most, but fit. Perfect for an archer, and that was what he excelled at. Any ranged target Uriel could hit. He beat all his opponents ever faced in training or combat.
Today, he was watching Gabriel hit anything he could touch. His room had so many holes in it, it looked like he was remodeling.
People would run down the hallway to glance in to see what was going on.
Uriel just watched, waiting for him to run out of steam, but Gabriel just kept pacing and fuming. And talking to himself. It was strange that he was so upset about this. Himself and Azriel were upset for Michael, but not like this.
“You don’t understand,” Gabriel stopped pacing and glared at Uriel. “What if Polaris wasn’t the only one?”
Uriel looked at Gabriel like he was crazy, “What are you thinking now? That the King had more than one spy?” Then it clicked for Uriel. “Oh Gabriel, you know why Eternity left. She left for her brother. That was it. She wasn’t leaving you and making you suffer for a mission. She’s told you the truth the whole time. Besides, if she
was lying to you and really undercover, why would the King make her go through a trial?”
Gabriel relaxed his shoulders a bit and took a deep breath closing his eyes. There was that.
“Is that why you were so mad? You thought the King had put Eternity in the Dark Lord’s hands on purpose?” Uriel looked at Gabriel. Gabriel tried to avoid Uriel’s stare. 
“Man, you are an idiot. Not only do you now have to apologize to the King, but you have to go talk to Eternity also. You are in the dog house, my brother.”
Gabriel sighed and sat down on his bed. Debris fell to the floor. “I better start with her first. Then, I’ll go to the King.”
Uriel put his hand on his brother’s shoulder, “Are you sure you’re calm enough?”
Gabriel looked at his brother, “Yes, I’m fine. I’d never hurt her. Well, physically. Besides, I have the courage to face her now. I need to go before I realize what I’m facing and run away to hide.”
Uriel slapped him on his back for good luck. Then, he stood, “Well, while you’re doing that, I’ll round up some guys to clean this mess up for you.”
“Thanks,” Gabriel said standing also. “Don’t thank me,” Uriel said, “They’ll send the bill to you.”
Gabriel smiled as Uriel walked through where the wall once was and down the hallway. Then, he left as well to find his woman.

Chapter 69

The King placed the same bowl on the table HE had showed to Michael. It was also filled with the pool water same as before. HE made sure HE would not be bothered and locked HIS door. HE then tried to summon Polaris.
It was a few hours before HE got through. HE sat up as HE was slouching in HIS chair, almost asleep waiting patiently. HE knew how dangerous it was to keep this quiet on her end. Her face was peering at HIM glancing around paranoid like and whispering.
“I’m sorry my King, but it may be the end. I see you got Michael’s letter?” Polaris started the conversation.
The King nodded, “I did. I have looked it over. You were right to tell Michael. I should have briefed him before he left, but I didn’t think you would lead the armies, either. We need to figure out a way for you to get back inside the dark castle on other work. I need you inside that castle!”
The King paused trying to think on a plan to get her out of this safely and without suspicion.
Polaris looked around on her end, “I know, I’ve been thinking. I think I may have a way inside, but you may not like it because I haven’t thought through the end thoroughly. I’d also need a certain volunteer.”
The King looked at her and nodded, “Tell me this plan. It sounds like you think it will work.”
She nodded back, “It will for me, at least.”

Chapter 70

The King put the bowl back where HE hid it from view, but made sure to lock it so it was just a present water pool.
HE then walked over and sat behind HIS desk. HE pulled out a piece of paper and began writing a letter to Michael. A reply to the earlier letter explaining the plan.
Michael would be angry, but it was to put Polaris back inside and Michael was being ordered to do it. So he would survive.
HE then made a second letter for Azriel. Someone had to be the replacement on the front.
HE finished the letters and walked out of HIS office to find a messenger to send one back to the front. HE put the second in HIS pocket and made a mental note to remember to give it to Azriel.
After seeing the letter off, HE walked slowly through the Great Hall not looking at anyone.
Redeemers along the way stared at HIM knowingly and followed HIM. They knew HE had something to say and they wanted to hear it.
HE made it to HIS throne and took a seat. Redeemers filled the Hall in front of HIM. They waited patiently and expectedly.
HE never needed an intercom system. Everyone knew when HE wanted them.
HE took a deep breath and began to address the crowd of Redeemers on the war and the progress of it. HE made a point to leave out Polaris. As much as HE trusted everyone HE couldn’t shake the feeling the Dark Lord also had spies and HE wouldn’t put her life in danger.
HE made a few commendations of fallen soldiers and a few Redeemers had tears in their eyes.
Half way through HIS speech, HE saw Gabriel and Uriel walk through the hallway into the Great Hall.
Uriel stopped and pushed Gabriel out the front door. Uriel nodded to the King and listened to the speech, while Gabriel left. Probably to beg forgiveness from Eternity.
The King nodded approvingly and continued talking to the crowd.

Chapter 71

Gabriel walked outside and immediately saw Azriel and Eternity walking back to the castle. She was smiling. Azriel always had a way with women. He reminded Gabriel of a gentleman from the civil war era. At least his carriage of himself and the way he often spoke or his manners, but other than that, he was Gabriel’s brother all around.
They shared humor and tempers. And they knew each other by heart. Together they were an unstoppable team.
Azriel nodded to his brother as a way to tag him in. Eternity lost her smile when they got close to Gabriel.
Azriel spoke, “Well, I should go inside and see what damage you have done. I assume Uriel is working on it also?”
Gabriel looked down as his brother knew he was right. Azriel walked past Gabriel and walked inside.
Gabriel looked up at Eternity. “Well?” She
asked.
He spoke up, “Well, I’m an idiot, but that’s a given. You expect that.”
Eternity nodded agreeing with him. She loved his accent. It was strange that the brothers so similar in actions talked so differently. She almost wished she had one like it, but her speech was similar to a Midwestern American accent. Plain to her. But it was the way most Redeemers spoke here. A favored accent among them.
However, a few still clung to their own time of birth speech. It made them unique and some quite attractive. It mostly happened to the older Redeemers.
Gabriel continued walking towards the training circle with Eternity, “You know about the letter by now?”
Eternity nodded, “Yes, and why you’re mad.” Gabriel looked at her and stopped, “You know why I’m mad?”
She looked at him and walked in front of him and stopped, “You’re mad because you weren’t chosen and a woman was.”
Gabriel looked shocked for a minute then laughed. Eternity’s face fell. She had been so sure that was the reason and now she knew Azriel had been wrong. A first.
“No, no, no. That’s not why I was mad. But what I was mad about may make you mad. I was worried that’s the real reason you originally left.”
Eternity looked at him stunned once she understood what he was saying. “You thought… but my brother…” she paused.
“I know. I’m stupid. And I just lost my head.” He paused. “You're mad,” he said as she turned and walked away. He ran to catch up.
“You thought I would fake all that for a mission? I loved my brother and you and those feelings were all real-.” “I know!” Gabriel said, stopping her by jumping in front of her angry walk and putting his hands on her arms to hold her in place. She huffed at him, angry.
“I know. It was stupid to think that. I know you told me the truth and thank you for that. I just thought it, once I read the letter, and exploded on the King. I said some stupid things and I was in the wrong. No one else. Forgive me.”
Eternity looked at him, “And?” She asked. He smiled at her, “And I’m sorry for being a jerk. And thinking you were lying to me and exploding without talking to you first.”
She kept staring at him and he smiled, “Okay and women are not weak,” he clarified.
She smiled and hugged him. “Alright, fine. I’ll forgive you just this once. Now I have something to tell you,” she said leaning back from him and smiling nervously.
“Okay, I’m listening,” he said happily but lost in thought. He needed to see the King next and that was what had his full attention.
“Gabriel, I’m pregnant,” Eternity blurted. Gabriel looked at her and stood there. He didn’t move for about three minutes except to breathe. Eternity waited for any sign of life.
She waved her hand in front of his face. With no response she stepped back and waited.
Finally, he came out of shock and hugged her. She laughed. “Are you sure?” He asked.
“Yes,” she said happily. He picked her up and spun her around and she laughed again. “That’s what Azriel did too,” she said.
He put her down, “You told my brother first?” He asked hurt and pouting.
She smacked him and spoke, “I tried to tell you earlier in the Hall, but you were too busy being stupid to listen to me.”
He grabbed her hand and kissed it, letting her off the hook.
They headed back towards the castle. Holding hands. They would plan a shower soon to let everyone know the happy news, but first he had to go see the King.
He grimaced, thinking about what had to come next.

Chapter 72

“Come in,” the King said to the knock at HIS door.
Gabriel peeked in and the King sighed. “Well, come in. Don’t stand at the door.”
Gabriel jumped in very fast and shut the door behind him. Then, he walked up to the chair, but stood behind it. He used it for support. The King was busy looking down at HIS desk, working.
“I’m sorry.” Gabriel said. The King looked up and took HIS glasses off and laid them on the desk. HE just stared at Gabriel and continued HIS silence.
“I should not have opened your letter. I was just excited it was from Michael. Second, I should not have yelled at you. I was just mad that maybe you had asked Eternity to do what Polaris had done. I was just assuming and I should have trusted Eternity or asked you first.”
There was a silence as the King let this soak in, “So your issue was that you thought I had asked Eternity…. Oh Gabriel.” The King looked at Gabriel who looked at the floor shyly, “I understand and I forgive you. This time.” The King smiled at Gabriel who nodded in appreciation.
“I will let you return to work now.” Gabriel
turned, but the King stopped him saying, “Have you talked to Eternity yet?”
Gabriel turned to look at the happy smiling King. Gabriel was stunned, “She told you too?! Before me?! That woman…”
Gabriel left the office murmuring something about women being stubborn infuriating creatures and the King laughed, putting HIS glasses back on and going back to work.

Chapter 73

Michael was at his table again when the
messenger showed up he had been expecting. He took the letter and thanked the messenger. He was unsure what to expect in this letter, so he headed to his tent so his expression would be hidden.
Unfortunately, everyone could hear him yell in anger. It echoed through the woods surrounding the camp. Birds flew into the air from their nests in fear.
Wolves howled in answer. Deer turned their heads in the direction and bounded off through the forest. Everyone in camp glanced towards his tent but none dared go inside.
Back inside the tent, he tore up the letter into pieces and threw it with force into the fire. Then, he sat and pouted for an hour or two. No one dared bother him.
With no action all day, Michael stayed in his tent fuming, waiting for dark.
He took off all his weapons, but left his armor on until midnight. He couldn’t believe this was the plan. And that the King would agree to this. How could HE- the thought was cut off as his tent flap lifted and a shadow jumped in.
Polaris took off her mask and smiled at Michael. “Ready?” She asked politely and perkily.
“This was all your idea wasn’t it? When this is over-oomph!” Polaris hit Michael in the head with the butt of her dagger and he fell unconscious to the floor.
She didn’t want to hear his anger over the chosen plan. She tied him up and started dragging him out the back of his tent. She could do this quietly, but it would be slow moving. ‘So much for night shift guards,’ she thought.
She walked in and took their leader unhindered. She would be talking to the King about this. ‘If only Michael was lighter,’ she thought.
She had to drag him far enough away from camp that no one would see her when she flew into the air with Michael in tow.

Chapter 74

Eternity decided to go visit the doctors that were appointed to the castle after the war started. Just to see that her baby was okay. She wasn’t sure how far she was along, but she thought since the doctors were here, why not use them? There were always midwives here, but no actual doctors. And some wanted the option, especially from a mortal lifetime experience.
Eternity and Gabriel were waiting in one of the little rooms for the doctor, when he had time to come see them. Gabriel wanted to be here to support Eternity who was freaking out understandably. He didn’t see this as necessary, but if Eternity wanted it, he would get it for her. Anything to make this easier on her.
“You don’t understand! This is my number two fear right behind weddings! I can’t have this baby! I can’t do the delivery! You have it!”
Gabriel took Eternity’s hand as she vented in their little room. He kissed her hand and spoke, “If I could Eternity, I would. But you will do fine; I’ll be here for every step of the way. I‘ll protect you.”
Eternity calmed down a little. She was so happy Gabriel hadn’t said one word about a marriage, because she was pregnant. If she ever got married it would be because she wanted to, not because they felt they had to.
The doctor finally came in shortly after their talk. He was pulling a cart behind him. It was mortal technology that let you see the baby in the womb. ‘Probably just borrowed from a certain pool,’ Eternity thought. Oh well, she was excited! She didn’t think she would get a sonogram!
“Hello Eternity. Gabriel. I’m Doctor Williams. Now as you know, having a baby for Redeemers, doctors are only here to make you feel better. With our child birth neither you nor the child can die and you will heal within an hour or two. That’s why I love being a Redeemer. There are never any problems in child birth.”
The doctor smiled and got the machine on the cart started up. Eternity was in a gown that was opened in the middle to see her belly. The doctor pulled a weird rounded T-shaped thing from the cart and put gel on it. Then, he rubbed it on Eternity’s belly and looked at the screen. Gabriel tried to look at the screen too, but he
saw nothing in the shapes there.
Eternity was also looking at the screen trying to see her baby.
The doctor broke the silence, “Well, it looks like your baby is healthy and doing fine. Do you want to know the sex?”
Eternity nodded excitedly not asking Gabriel. They could hear the heart beat from the speakers.
“Alright it looks like it will be …a girl!” Eternity smiled and looked at Gabriel who smiled back at her. He kissed her forehead.
“And …. Wait a second….” Eternity looked at the doctor’s face. He looked worried. Gabriel noticed it too and grew worried as well. But he needed to keep Eternity calm. He squeezed her hand to comfort her.
The doctor stood and grabbed the door handle. “I need to uh…. Get a second opinion. Excuse me…” He went out the door. 
Eternity grew frantic from his reaction. Gabriel patted her hand and then went after the doctor.
He shut the door, so Eternity wouldn’t hear the confrontation.
Grabbing the doctor, he turned him around.
“Whoa-” the doctor said as Gabriel pulled the doctor against the wall.
“Tell me what you saw.” Gabriel whispered to him.
The hospital set up in the castle was busy taking care of the wounded brought back from the front. So no one really stared at them. But Gabriel didn’t care; he was worried about his woman and child.
The doctor sighed, “It’s more of what I didn’t see.”
Gabriel looked confused and released the doctor. The doctor straightened his doctor’s coat and continued, “The baby had no wings. All I can think of is when this baby was conceived… you were both mortal… so your baby looks to be also ….mortal.”
Gabriel wasn’t sure what happened next. The doctor walked off to find some help. A woman with dark hair bumped into him. She opened her mouth, but then just stared at him. She didn’t say anything. As if she was shocked to see him there. But Gabriel wasn’t paying any attention to her.
He stumbled back down the hall to Eternity’s room where, when he finally got inside, he sat in a chair speechless.
Eternity finally yelled long enough at him that he came out of his stupor. “Gabriel, what is it? What did he say? Is our baby okay?” She was dressed now and standing next to him.
Gabriel came to and looked into her eyes. He then grabbed her hand and pulled Eternity on his lap. 
He wasn’t sure how to say it, so he just blurted it out. “The doctor said our baby is mortal.” 
Eternity gasped, grabbed her head, and then fainted. Gabriel grabbed her just before she hit the floor.

Chapter 75
The Dark Lord played with a red stone with a large rune on it, in his fingers. When Beldane died, it had appeared in Abaddon’s pocket.
Beldane had failed to open the rune’s powers. Too bad for him. But this stone would go to a new favorite warrior. Beldane’s replacement. But who?
The Dark Lord pondered with this thought as he played with the rune in his fingers. He stopped as he thought of where he could put it for now. His grin grew dark as he stood and made his way to his personal chambers.

Chapter 76

Eternity and Gabriel sat in the King’s office. The King closed the door behind them and then slowly went to sit down behind HIS desk.
“Nothing like this has ever happened before,” the King said.
Eternity was trying not to cry and Gabriel was trying to comfort her.
“Unfortunately,” the King began, “Mortals are not-” Eternity started crying and Gabriel was trying to deny it out loud, but the King continued talking louder,
“-Allowed in this kingdom. You both know it and it’s not negotiable. If I break the rules so can anyone else. It’s set in stone!”
Gabriel tried to calm Eternity down and said, “How could this happen?”
The King shrugged sympathetically, “I’m not sure. You must have been pregnant from your mortal life. And you carried it here. Like I said it’s never happened before.”
Eternity had an idea and spoke through tears, “Why can’t we change her into a Redeemer like us? That’s not against the rules, is it?”
The King looked sadly at Eternity over HIS
glasses, “In a way it is. I can’t change someone into a Redeemer who doesn’t want to be, the only way to turn her is to ask her when she’s grown. We have to have her say in this. She can’t stay here until then, sadly.”
Eternity was calming down, but still obviously upset, “What will happen to her?”
The King sighed, “You two can pick any mortal family and I can set her up with them. No problem. She’ll be born, you’ll have her shortly and then she’ll be escorted to the mortal world. She won’t remember you or Gabriel. She will be too young. But it will be for the best. I can let you look at families starting in the morning.”
Eternity stood. Gabriel tried to help her up, but she shrugged off his hands. She spoke sadly, but strongly, “I already know what family I want her to be with. I would rather keep her, but rules are rules. And I don’t want any broken on my account.”
Gabriel stood grabbing her hand, knowing who she had chosen. It was his way of agreeing. If there was some way around these rules, he would stop at nothing to do it. But he was out of ideas. 
“I will see it done,” the King said. HE wasn’t sure how to comfort this couple. It was hard to agree with, but those were the rules and HE had to enforce them. The least HE could do was let them pick the family. Maybe…. HE could also do a small touch more.

Chapter 77

Polaris dragged the tied up Michael to the Dark Lord’s throne. He refused to stand or cooperate at all so Polaris had to drag him, but she didn’t mind.
Soldiers and warriors that had seen Polaris
dragging the Redeemer through the dark halls followed, waiting to see what the Dark Lord would give her for this huge success. No one had captured such an important Redeemer.
The Dark Lord smiled as Polaris stopped in front of him and pushed Michael down.
Michael stared up at the Dark Lord and glared. He glanced at his side and right next to the throne was Maggie. She was dressed in expensive slave garb, but at least she was still alive and looked well. She had a worried look on her face and he winked at her. She tried to look confident with that, but she was still worried for him.
Michael inwardly smiled. His heart lurched for her. But she looked healthy. And he would accept that bit of hope for now.
The Dark Lord’s black hair laid down his shoulders and sprayed out on his chest like venom seeping into your veins.
His black eyes pierced into the very soul of whoever he glanced at. Eye sockets that were dark and enhanced by his pale white skin peered out from his large brow. Like he hadn’t seen the sun in a very long time. His white bony hands, growing long dirty fingernails gripped his arm rests.
The Dark Lord spoke to the room, “Well, well. Look who we have here. Could it be one of the King’s most trusted servants?” The Dark Lord mocked him. Polaris stayed silent.
The Dark Lord stood and walked over to the prisoner. The Dark Lord addressed the room, “Prepare a feast for tonight. For we celebrate our victory!”
The gathered crowd cheered and set off to
prepare. It was rare to have a feast here. So the castle immediately grew busy and excited. The Dark Lord would be in a great mood and people actually smiled in preparation.
The Dark Lord looked back at Michael, “As for you, tomorrow we will talk about secrets.” He smiled evilly as he circled Michael on the ground. Talking meant torture. And torture Michael could handle. It was his escape he worried over. For that had yet to be planned. Maybe while Michael was escaping he could get Maggie out too! He added that to his to do list.
“Polaris,” the Dark Lord spoke happily, “you may take a break. You have done well and will be rewarded. I’ll send someone else to the front in your place. I knew you were too good for that job, anyway. I’ll give you a mission later, next week. For now relax and enjoy your vacation….. Be gone!” Polaris nodded and left.
He looked back at Michael and smiled, “Take him to the dungeon.” He bellowed and soldiers moved to obey him.
As he was helped up roughly, Michael spoke, “You will pay Abaddon. Mark my words. I will personally kill you… brother.”
Michael was dragged away and the Dark Lord sat back down on his throne. He smiled to himself, and Maggie tried frantically to think of a way to rescue Michael. At least they would know where she was now. But still she would hope and want no rescue party. No one must die for her, but she would die for them.

Chapter 78

Raphael was on his white horse, riding into
Camelot. He was dressed in his silver, time era sensitive, armor, ready for a good game of jousting and other sports.
It had been a few days’ ride from his castle. A few men escorted him along with his page he had recently hired.
His dark brown wings were removed by the King. He was also mortal of sorts, just like Gabriel had been.
A few of the peasants in town stared up at him with dirty faces. He hated to see such famine when he knew how much better the future was going to be.
He tossed a few coins down to the women and children he saw. It was all he could do right now. They smiled in thanks and scrambled for the coins like their lives depended on it. And they did.
He felt like a shadow here. Knowing he didn’t belong and that history here had gone on without him. He knew he didn’t fit in. That he wasn’t made for here and it made him feel like an outsider. But he had done missions before and in other pasts, so this was no different. He would be in and out, here until the job was done.
He knew how their history went here in this time. He had studied it, Michael had seen to it, so he wouldn’t accidentally change it, too much.
He knew Gwen married Arthur through an
arranged marriage, Arthur would leave soon for a quest for the holy grail, and Sir Gawain was originally supposed to be king in Arthur’s stead. But that’s where Raphael planned to change history, just a bit. He would be the one to watch over the kingdom for Arthur. And from there he would start convincing Gwen to join their cause.
All Raphael had to do to accomplish being close to Gwen was win the games Arthur was holding, the prize being to be King in his stead. ‘It shouldn’t be too hard to beat these mortals. I may not even have to cheat and use my powers,’ he thought to himself, as he rode into the arena with the other knights.
The other knights were standing next to their horses, as their pages held their mounts’ reins. They had helmets off or visors up laughing and boasting to each other over who would win.
One such knight turned to look at Raphael, “Well, well, men. Looks like we have another contestant for the games. Or maybe just a practice run.” The other men chuckled. It was meant as a tease, not really an insult. But by your reply was how you either gained enemies or friends.
Raphael smiled back at the knight knowing,
because of the red hair and beard, this knight was Sir Kay.
“I believe I will give you a run for your small purse,” he retorted smiling.
The knights laughed and smacked Sir Kay on the back. He scowled and, slowly, he smiled at Raphael. “Who might you be, lad?”
Raphael held his hand out and Sir Kay grasped it looking into Raphael’s golden eyes. “I am Sir Lancelot.” Sir Kay smiled back at him.

Chapter 79

About Six Months Later

No one had heard from Michael in six months, and the brothers were growing worried. They knew he was on a mission but they were only getting bits and pieces of it. But today, that was not the most pressing issue at hand.
Azriel was out at the front and missed seeing the baby at all. All the brothers were upset about the situation. Each missing out on being an uncle. But they accepted it just like the others.
The baby was kept secret as best as they could. That way, any spies in the castle wouldn’t be able to tell the Dark Lord about the baby. But hiding a pregnant woman was hard to do.
Eternity held her baby girl in her arms. A tear fell down her cheek and onto the baby’s blanket.
Gabriel grabbed Eternity’s shoulders reassuringly. He was unsure of what to say to her. It was hard on him too, but Eternity was inconsolable. She was taking this harder than he took her leaving before the war. It was understandable, but he couldn’t comfort her when he felt the same pain.
It had been a week since the baby was born and everything went fine as he knew it would. But Eternity hadn’t put the baby down the entire time. Well, except for when Gabriel held her when she was born.
The only good news the whole week was that Eternity hadn’t had one bad dream. But they still got no sleep with the baby crying.
The King walked into the courtyard and up to the pool that Gabriel and Eternity now surrounded.
“Are you ready?” HE asked. Eternity wiped
another tear and nodded, “I could never be ready for this, so let’s just do it.”
Gabriel nodded as well and the three of them stepped into the pool and through the time sensitive doorway.
They appeared outside a familiar beautiful
cottage.
The King held a basket with a few essentials the new parents would need. They walked up to the door in the dark of the night.
Eternity was zoned out, busy holding the baby to her.
They made it to the door and Gabriel kissed the baby’s head and held her little hand with one of his fingers.
He then let Eternity say goodbye alone. He was surprised she was doing this at all.
The King said HIS goodbye as well and apologized to the baby. HE then placed a thick locket around the baby’s neck. It was a little big for the baby, but she would grow into it. It was silver with angelic writing on it. Something to protect the child.
Eternity stared into the baby’s blue eyes that mirrored hers. Her eyes had yet to change so they didn’t know what color they would eventually be but they were still beautiful. Her hair was pitch black as well, matching her parents. Her tiny face was just staring at her mother.
Breaking her heart.
Eternity didn’t cry now, she wanted the baby to remember her this way. If Eternity could remember her past life, maybe her child could also.
She kissed her baby again and placed her in the basket. She then knocked on the door and the three of them walked back out of the pool.
They watched and stared through the water as Amy came to the door.
She looked around and then saw the basket. Her lifeless face lit up and she crouched down to pick up the cooing baby. You could see her call for Ben.
Amy was smaller and stressed looking. Like she was depressed and had been for a while. But she had lost her baby, then her best friend to a freak accident.
Maybe this child would give her a reason to live again and take care of herself once more.
Ben got on the phone and went back inside; he was a cop after all. He had to call his station.
Amy stayed outside with the baby in her arms, glancing around hopefully for the parents. Amy couldn’t help glancing at the baby’s eyes repeatedly. They were familiar…..
Amy noticed the locket then, around the baby’s neck. She reached down and noticed it was heavier than any locket she had seen. With one hand she opened it.
It showed a picture of Eternity, Gabriel, and the baby together. Amy’s knees went weak and she fell to her knees, still holding the baby.
She held the baby to her chest and started to cry. Eternity knew Amy would take care of the baby now. She knew her baby was in good hands.
Crying with her friend, Eternity continued to watch throughout the night. The King left first and quietly let the couple watch on.
Hopefully, Amy would now take care of herself. It would give both of them something to live for. And Eternity felt Amy’s child’s death was her fault anyway, so this was how she could try to make it better for her friend. In a strange way.
Gabriel finally got Eternity away from the pool the next morning for some much needed sleep.
She was stubborn as usual, but he eventually got her away. He was upset himself. He looked forward to being a dad. But he knew this was killing Eternity. At least someone they loved was watching their child.
Eternity also knew she could watch the baby’s life. That had to count for something.
Gabriel would help her through this, though. They would help each other. They would be able to watch everything of the baby‘s birthdays, first steps… he would make sure they watched it all, together.
The only thing he wondered was if they would ever see their baby, face to face, again.

Chapter 80

Gabriel shut the door of his and Eternity’s
chambers. She had been getting better lately but she was still understandably upset.
Only a week had passed. The King had a bowl of pool water placed into their room so she could watch her baby grow at all hours. It was the only way she would ever leave the larger pools in the courtyard.
She was so stubborn, but Gabriel loved it about her. She was at the small bowl all hours and was getting a little obsessed, but Gabriel was trying to let her work it out on her own. Otherwise he and his brothers would have to have an intervention.
She could love their child, but she needed to take care of herself too.
Gabriel had sneaked away, finally, after all these months to head to the library. He had overcome most of his issues about their daughter, but he still wanted some alone time. The library was the perfect place to do that. And to look up old records like this prophecy
Gabriel had been worrying over it alone for a while, but he wanted it that way.
He came into the library and saw it was pretty empty. ‘Good,’ he thought, ‘no interruptions or having to hide what I’m doing. I can’t let Eternity know what I’m doing or give her any clues.’
He headed to the back of the library past rows and rows of dusty tomes and history books.
The carpet of the library was burgundy and the walls were a dark green. All the shelves were a dark oak. It was a calming effect the room had.
Gabriel reached the last row of the library and looked around. Seeing no one he entered the row and stopped towards the middle.
He glanced around for a bit and then stopped when he saw the time of history he needed listed on the shelf. He picked up the tome and headed over to an empty table.
Opening the book, dust puffed into the air. He coughed, waving his hand and then flipped through the pages looking for the page he needed.
When the prophecy was originally told, it was by the King’s father. It came to him in a dream, of sorts. It was written down and never forgotten.
Only the current King was the last surviving witness from when it was originally written down for the first time. But he was just a boy then and all exact accounts of the dream were forgotten. Only a sentence or two were even passed down this long.
Only a few Redeemers in history had the gift of the sight. The last known being the current King’s father. They were due for another powerful Redeemer.
Most Redeemers waved it off as just a dream, as the gift was rare and most still didn’t believe in it. But a few still remembered just to be on the safe side.
The Current King believed it with all HIS being and those closest to HIM heeded it well. The Kings’ were very wise and very seldom wrong.
Gabriel finally found the page he needed and he sat down. He took out a piece of paper and wrote down the few sentences. He wanted to memorize it later and prove each word was not about Eternity. Plus, he didn’t want anyone finding him here reading through these books.
He quickly put the book away and left the library shortly after that.
Gabriel then headed out of the castle to be alone from everyone. Just him and his thoughts.
He walked far down the beach and sat on a large piece of drift wood. 
Looking around and satisfied he wasn’t being followed, he pulled out the paper. It read:

A Dark Crusade Not Yet in Sight,
A Battle of Brothers Armed to Fight.
A Valorous Woman full of Power,
The Ending War, Her Final Hour.

Well, it was very convincing this was the war. All the pieces fit, but it didn’t prove it was Eternity. Of course it didn’t not prove it either.
He looked up from the paper and winced at the bright sun.
He tried to shield his eyes and glanced down in the sand. He froze. He saw small bare foot prints in the sand. He hadn’t heard anyone, how had they gotten so close to him that he didn’t notice them?
Standing, he followed the footprints. He started jogging as they kept going down the beach. They finally disappeared into the water. ‘Strange,’ Gabriel thought to himself.
He put the paper back into his pocket that he had crumpled in his hands while running.
Gabriel needed to tell someone about the foot prints, but who? He was out here secretly and whoever he told would ask questions…. ‘No,’ he thought, ‘I’ll just keep all this to myself.’
Walking back toward the castle alone, he sighed, trying to put this at the back of his mind.

Special note by the author

No copyright infringement was intended by using names of characters, shows, movies, or businesses in this book. I do not own or have any rights to the names or businesses, I just love them and wanted to connect the characters and businesses to my story. Thank you for letting me use them!



Pictures by the Author













Jesse was born in Independence, Missouri and still lives close to the area. After drawing and working for a bookstore for years, she decided to try her hand at writing her own novels with illustrations.
So far this is the only book she’s written, but book two is now underway. Along with another Elven romance series!
You can find her on the Redeemed Fallen Facebook page or check out her blog!
