








Redneck
Debutante


Jenny Hammerle

***
To my husband Scott,
Whose encouragement and commitment to my writing
helped make this series a reality.

To our sons, Wyatt and Rhett,
For always serving as an inspiration to me
in every situation!

Cover design by Mya Chesser
Copyright © 2012 by Jenny Hammerle. All rights reserved.
Redneck Debutante is a registered trademark of Jenny Hammerle.

Cover and interior design © 2012, Jenny Hammerle. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the author. The only exception is brief quotations in professional reviews.
Redneck Debutante is a work of fiction. References to real people, events, establishments, organizations, or locales are intended only to provide a sense of authenticity and are used fictitiously. All other characters, incidents, and dialogue are drawn from the author’s imagination. The perspective, opinions, and worldview represented by this book are those of the author and are not intended to be a reflection or endorsement of anyone else’s views.









Chapter One

West Palm Beach, Florida
Present day

Rachael Harte was enjoying another beautiful day in the Florida sun with her friends, Ellery and Brittany. The crashing of waves on the shoreline had almost lulled her to sleep when a whine near her ear destroyed any chance of a nap.
“Hey! You are blocking my rays!” Brittany griped.
Ignoring her protests, Colten and TJ merely stood smiling down at them.
“Hey, Rachael, what’s up with my favorite girl?” Colten asked.
Rachael squinted up at her boyfriend, admiring his muscled surfer physique and wind-tossed blond hair. “Nothing much. The girls and I are just catching some rays before we head back to school in a few weeks. No one wants to show back up pale and pasty white.” 
She was certainly in no danger of looking pale. Like her father and mother, Rachael was a native Floridian, spending a lot of time in the blazing hot Florida sun, whether it was boating, swimming, playing tennis, or any other outdoor activity. Even in the dead of winter, when it was a freezing eighty-five degrees in South Florida, Rachael was tan. 
Colten cocked his head. “I like the new suit. You look fantastic.” As always, his British brogue was charming.
“Thanks. Want to go for a swim?”
“Love to.” Colten leaned over and pulled Rachael to her feet. They ran down together to the water. When they were up to their knees, he took her hand. At low tide, they could walk out several yards and still only be waist deep. 
“So, did you get it yet?” Colten looked into Rachael’s eyes with excitement and enthusiasm.
“Get what?”
“Your invitation to be a debutante. My mother recommended you.” He laughed. “Or I should say, she was the first of many to recommend you. She just beat the others to it. The invitation should have arrived today. Maybe it’ll be there when you get home.”
Rachael squealed and hugged Colten. She’d always looked forward to being a debutante- a very important tradition and rite of passage for young women of society in the south- and now it was going to be her season. She couldn’t wait. There would be balls in the form of white tie galas! Rachael would need a beautiful, white gown for this occasion. She was sure her mother’s seamstress would be able to craft something stunning.
After Colten and Rachael waded out of the water and toweled off, Brittany handed Rachael her cell.
“Call your mom. I don’t know what it is, but it must be important. Your phone has been ringing for the past fifteen minutes and when she couldn’t get you on yours, she called mine!” Brittany wrinkled her nose. “Whatever it is, I am innocent. I didn’t do it, and I wasn’t involved.”
Brittany had gotten herself into a bit of trouble earlier in the spring running with a group of unruly seniors. Her parents had taken away her cell and computer privileges for an entire month, effectively cutting her off from the rest of teenage Island society!
“Don’t freak out on me, Brittany. I think I know exactly why she is calling. Colten told me my debutante invitation should have arrived today. My mom probably got it in the mail and is so excited she wanted to call me herself. We should all head home. I’ll bet yours- and Ellery’s- is there too.”
“You think?” Ellery asked.
“I know.” Rachael winked. She’d overheard her mother the week before discussing all of the girls being recommended this year. Her mother had made sure Ellery and Brittany would also get recommendations and have sponsors. 
“Hey, ladies.” Colten said. “I’ll run Rachael home, okay?”
“Sure,” Ellery and Brittany responded in unison. It was no secret all the girls at their prep school had thought Colten was really cute when they first saw him last year. But they can just eat their hearts out. Rachael thought. He’s mine and I have no intention of giving him up.
As soon as Rachael and Colten got into his jeep, Rachael’s cell rang again.
“Hey, Mom.”
“Are you on your way home with the girls?”
“No, I ran into Colten at the beach. He’s bringing me home. We should be there in about fifteen minutes.” Rachael paused. Something sounded different about her mother’s voice, and it wasn’t excitement. “Is something wrong?”
“I want to talk to you and your brother. I’ll see you when you get home. Drive carefully.”
“We will, Mom.” Rachael ended the call.
“What’s going on?” Colten raised his brow.
“I don’t know. My mom sounded upset.”
“Did she mention the invitation?”
“No, not at all.”
“Don’t worry about it.” He picked up Rachael’s left hand and tenderly kissed it. “I’m sure it’s nothing.”
When they pulled into the gates of her parents’ home, her mother’s Mercedes Benz was parked out front with the trunk open and what appeared to be a few suitcases in it. Rachael and Colten exchanged worried glances and went inside.
“Mom, what’s going on?” Rachael asked. Her younger brother, Michael, was already sitting on the loveseat obviously waiting for her to arrive.
“Have a seat, Rachael.” Her mother turned to Colten. “Thank you for bringing Rachael home. I need to speak with both my children about some private family business. Would it be possible for you to call her a little later?”
“Of course, Mrs. Harte.” Colten walked over to Rachael and gave her a light peck on the cheek. “Bye, honey. Call if you need me.”
Rachael nodded. She was starting to get nervous about what her mother wanted to talk to her and her brother about. Just then her father came downstairs and sat down in the armchair next to her mother. He’d always been a workaholic, and it was so unusual to find him home in the middle of the afternoon that Rachael hadn’t even realized he was upstairs.
“Your father and I had a lengthy conversation earlier this afternoon, and we’d like to speak with you about what we discussed.” She looked at her husband.
“Yes,” her father said slowly, “I need to speak with you both regarding myself and some business difficulties I have been experiencing for quite awhile. Unfortunately, it will affect all of us. Being totally honest with you is in the best interest of our family.” He took a deep breath and glanced down at his hands, resting in between his knees. 
Rachael couldn’t ever remember seeing her father so worried, as if the weight of the world rested on his shoulders. 
Her father raised his head and continued in a shaky voice. “First of all, I want to assure you I have done nothing wrong. I’ve been accused of some things concerning our family business that I had no involvement in or knowledge of. It seems the Federal Government has been monitoring our company’s holdings, sales, and overall business practices for over two years. I’m not quite sure of all the particulars at this moment, but they have filed federal charges of money laundering and embezzlement against me, as the owner and CEO, as well as several of my company’s officers.” 
Rachael was stunned by the news. Seeing her father’s strong hands visibly shaking, she knew mere words would not be enough to console him. Standing, she moved swiftly to her father and put her arms around him. Her brother, Michael, did the same.
“We love you, Dad.” Rachael murmured. “We know you’re innocent and we’ll remain strong as a family. You have our unconditional support.”
Her father glanced at her mother as if pleading for help on how to proceed. Mrs. Harte had always been a woman of great inner strength and conviction. She had been raised by a single mother who had been left widowed at an early age due to the Vietnam War. Mrs. Harte’s mother, Dorothy, had been a school teacher. She had successfully raised two children, Rachael’s mom Virginia Harte and her younger sister Margaret, on a teacher’s salary. Having grown up without much money and having to depend on herself, largely because her mother was mostly concerned with holding down two jobs and raising two young daughters, Virginia Harte had become very independent and strong by early adolescence. It was in times such as these Rachael became aware of just how strong her mother was and exactly how much she could stand to learn from a woman such as her.
Her mother looked both Rachael and her brother directly in the eyes. “I know this is all very difficult for you to understand, but your father will need to remain here in Palm Beach County for an uncertain amount of time. Our banking accounts and assets have all been frozen until the termination of the federal investigation. Something like this can take months or even years to resolve.” 
“Years?” Michael and Rachael gasped in unison. 
“Yes.” She held her head high. “And a situation such as this one, even though we know your father is innocent, will be quite scandalous. Our Island has only ten thousand permanent residents. We’ve known most everyone a very long time, and therefore I’m hoping for the best possible response to our situation. However, even among our close friends, there will always be those who will gossip and be hurtful. I wanted to make sure we did all we could to prepare you for this part of it now. 
“Your father and I have already met with our attorneys. He will need to stay here, for legal reasons. We, however, will have limited access to money. Therefore, it is an unrealistic expectation that we could afford to continue living here in the lifestyle in which we are accustomed. Therefore, we have made arrangements for us to live elsewhere until this blows over a little.”
“Blows over?” Rachael erupted like a volcano. “How will it blow over? Everyone on the island will know about this by tomorrow. And we’re going to turn tail and run? Where will we go? What about our friends? School?” 
“We’re not running.” Her mother said firmly. “But you tell me… how can we afford to stay here- on the Island- without any income, without any credit cards, without any money? I understand this is a drastic measure, but in all honesty, I’m not sure we have any other option.” 
Her father interrupted. “Your mother is right. I’m fortunate to have the opportunity to stay with Mr. Wesley and his family. I cannot even remain in our home, as I won’t have the money to keep the electric or water turned on for longer than nine months.” His eyes softened as he looked at his daughter. “We’ll all be making huge sacrifices, Rachael. I know this is difficult, please try to understand. Your Aunt Margaret has offered for your mother, you, and Michael to come and stay with her for a while- just until everything is cleared up.”
Rachael stormed out of the room. Her little brother, Michael, followed her. They both ran upstairs to their bedrooms. Rachael cried for half an hour, having her own private pity party. Then she decided, as the big sister, it was her job to go and check on Michael. She found him drawing on his sketchpad in the middle of his bedroom floor.
“What are you drawing?”
“Race cars.” Michael sniffled.
“Mind if I come in?”
He sighed, so she sat down cross-legged on the floor next to him. Deep down, she knew she would have to face this situation with courage and strength, like her mother. And, no matter what happened she was determined to protect her little brother as best she could. She thought about what her father had said earlier and realized he was right. They couldn’t continue to live on the Island while this scandal was fresh and without much money. It would be too difficult for her mother and even more difficult for her younger brother. Michael was thirteen years old. There were a lot of things to consider in this situation. He would miss his father terribly, but obviously both parents had given the situation a lot of thought and felt a little time and distance would be best. And the obvious- a roof over their heads and not starving to death were always positives!
“I’ve been thinking about mom’s suggestion of a temporary move. It doesn’t sound so bad. How about you?”
“Can I bring my toys and video games?” Michael asked.
“I’m sure you can bring anything you want.” Rachael smiled.
“Then I guess it will be okay.” 
Right as Rachael gave him a huge bear hug, a knock sounded on the door and when she looked up, her parents were standing there.
Rachael nodded in their direction letting them know they could enter.
Her father spoke first.
“I want you to know how sorry I am about this, but I know it’ll all be behind us someday, and we’ll be able to live together again.” With those words, their father turned and walked away. He went to his study and closed the door.
Her mother remained where she stood in the doorway. “This came for you today.” She handed Rachael an envelope. Rachael knew instinctively what the envelope contained.
“Thanks, Mom.” She said opening it. “I guess there is no use for this now.”
“Of course there is. You can still be a debutante. Your friends are your friends no matter what. Some will turn their noses up at us, but your true friends will always support you.”
Rachael just sat shaking her head. She wouldn’t cry. Not tonight. Not in front of her mother or her little brother.
“It’s not a decision you have to make tonight.” Her mother assured her. “Let’s wait and see how things go. In the meantime, have the two of you given any thought to a change of scenery for a few months?”
“Sounds okay.” Was all the enthusiasm Rachael could muster. “What’s the name of the town where Aunt Margaret lives anyway?”
“Fruitville.” Their mother said with a grin and walked out of the room. She glanced over her shoulder and added, “No need to pack. The movers will be here tomorrow to pack and move everything. You may want to call your closest friends and let them know we will be out of the area for a while.”
“Fruitville?” Michael asked. “What kind of name for a town is that?”
“I’m afraid to find out.” Rachael laughed.
Colten? Rachael thought to herself a few moments later back in the privacy of her own room. What would happen between her and Colten? How far away was Fruitville, and for how long would they be gone? Rachael felt her heart sinking. She couldn’t imagine being far away from Colten for even one day, let alone weeks or months. She really cared for him. 
How would he handle the news of the scandal? Will he find someone new while I’m gone? Now she was really worried.
She called Colten and asked him if he could come over. He knew immediately from her voice, and the trepidation he was hearing in it, something was seriously wrong. 
When Colten got there he rang the doorbell. Mrs. Harte answered and told him Rachael was upstairs in her bedroom and he could wait for her in the living room if he would like. It seemed like an eternity sitting there waiting for Rachael. The Harte house was never this quiet. Tonight the house was silent. The usual sounds of Mrs. Harte cooking dinner in the kitchen were oddly absent, as well as the sounds of Mr. Harte’s jazz music coming from his study. Not even Michael’s ever present video games drifting downstairs from the game room could be heard. 
Just then Rachael came downstairs. Colten had never seen her look this troubled. She had red rings around her puffy, tear soaked eyes. She had obviously been crying. Colten met her at the bottom of the stairs.
“What’s the matter?” He asked, concern filling his voice.
“We’re moving.” Rachael sobbed. “To Fruitville.”
“Fruitville? I have never heard of it. How far away is it?”
“About three hours, more or less.”
“What the heck is in Fruitville? I certainly can’t imagine this is a metropolitan area with a thriving real estate investment industry and your dad suddenly envisions moving the family business there?” Colten joked, trying to make Rachael laugh.
“No, it is not. I guess it’s somewhere outside of Sarasota- or Sarasota has grown into it- rather.” Rachael said feeling a little less gloom and doom after having learned this piece of info earlier when she researched it on the internet.
“Sarasota. Now that’s better. At least that is a name of a town I’ve heard of. By all means don’t tell everyone you are moving to Fruit town or whatever it’s called! Sarasota sounds so much more refined.” Colten grabbed Rachael and pulled her into the full warmth of his embrace.
“You’re not upset?” Rachael looked up still somewhat teary eyed.
“Upset- no. It’ll make things a little more difficult, but it’s still in Florida and only a few hours drive. I’m sixteen after all. I can legally drive anywhere in the continental United States. Nebraska- now that would have been far! How about England? Australia? Japan?” Colten laughed out loud.
“I’m glad you find this amusing. You haven’t even heard the worst part. My father’s company is under some sort of federal, criminal investigation for money laundering and embezzlement.” 
Well there it was- plain and simple. Let’s just put it out there and see what this guy was made of. Would he turn tail and run?
Rachael stood in silence trying to gauge his reaction.
“Well your father is innocent, of course. And they will prove he’s innocent. I’m sure of it.” Colten took Rachael’s hand and led her to the sofa. He sat down and pulled her to sit on his lap, wrapping both of his arms around her. Her head fit perfectly under his chin, where he dipped his mouth to kiss the top of her head. “I know it’s easy for me to sit here and tell you everything is going to be all right or easy. It won’t be and that’s the truth of it, but I have fallen for you Rachael and I’ll stand beside you no matter what happens- whether it is here, Fruitville, or Timbuktu for that matter. Okay?”
With this Rachael’s heart melted. Colten was the perfect guy and gentleman. He always had been and she liked him for it. Well more than liked him. They’d kissed before, but they were more innocent, good-night kisses. Pecks on the cheek, a tender kiss on the hand, and even a few French kisses. Tonight, however when Rachael looked up into Colten’s eyes, in that moment, she knew this would be the kiss they would remember in the long months to come. The kiss that would keep her awake at night thinking of Colten.
Rachael turned her face up to his and leaned into the kiss. What started as a gentle dance of their lips quickly became a heated kiss. Rachael could feel this kiss in the pit of her stomach and all the way to the tips of her toes.
“Colten and Rachael sitting in a tree…k-i-s-s-i-n-g.” Her brother walked in singing loudly. “First comes love, then comes marriage, and then…”  Rachael hit her brother with a throw pillow from the couch.
“Still won’t stop me from singing it!” Michael yelled as he ran from the room, pausing long enough in the archway to call out “All the way to Fruitville tomorrow!”
Rachael and Colten just laughed. 
“I think this move may actually be good for us.” Colten said.
“Good for us?”
“Yeah. If you kiss me like that every time I come to town it’ll keep me coming back for more.” Colten laughed a deep laugh and Rachael smacked him with the throw pillow as well. A good whacking with a throw pillow was good for any guy from time to time. That was Rachael’s personal belief on the subject anyhow.
They talked more about the move and the fact it would be very soon- as in tomorrow. Colten didn’t see it as a big deal at all. He told Rachael he would speak with his parents about working out a schedule of when he could come see her each month. Colten was sure his parents wouldn’t object. Around midnight Rachael walked Colten out to his jeep and gave him one last goodbye kiss.
“I’ll be there to visit you before you know it. Call me tomorrow when you arrive in Fruitville.” He told her before he pulled out of her driveway. 
Maybe this won’t be so bad after all. Sure it would be a change, and she would definitely miss Colten and her other friends as well, but it wasn’t the end of the world.
 At least it was still in Florida. Sarasota was an awesome town. The beaches there- Lido and Siesta Key- were gorgeous. There was decent shopping. She would certainly survive this. She knew she could! 
She fell asleep looking on this move as more of an adventure and a vacation than anything else.









Chapter Two

Rachael’s alarm clock sounded around eight o’clock and she slowly crawled out of bed. She went into the bathroom and brushed her teeth. She grabbed a hair clip and clipped her unruly blonde hair back. 
Her mother came in, “Glad to see you are up. The movers will be here in thirty minutes. No reason for you to hang around here while they pack up all of your stuff. Why don’t you call Brittany and Ellery to see if they would like to grab some coffee or something?”
“Thanks mom. You’re right. I didn’t even call them last night. I was so busy talking to Colten, I didn’t even think about it. I’ll do that right away.” Rachael answered.
“Talking?” Her mother laughed and smiled. “From what Michael said it sounded like a lot more than talking was going on down there.” 
“Mom!” Horrified Rachael turned to go from the bathroom.
“I’m just saying it seems you and Colten are getting pretty close. Maybe this move comes at just the right time. Some distance.” Her mother was really laughing now- enjoying the fact she was embarrassing her daughter. 
Rachael and her mother had the talk, as she had called it at the time, just a few months after she had started dating Colten. Rachael’s mother knew Rachael was a good-girl and had no intention of doing anything like that anytime soon. Rachael was Catholic- and all Catholics know sex is only for procreation- and definitely not for teenagers who are not married. Furthermore, premarital sex- for Catholic girls anyhow- always carried with it the large dose of Catholic guilt associated with it being a sin. 
While getting dressed Rachael pondered this thought even further… so why were boys so guilt-free about having sex before marriage? Was it not a sin for them too? Of course it was. Well Rachael was glad she had no plans for that. That was one conversation she never wished to revisit with her mother ever again.
Rachael walked into her father’s office downstairs, he was drinking coffee and reading the paper.
“Hey, Dad. Could you drop me at the coffee shop on your way in this morning?”
“Sure, honey. I am taking the morning off anyhow to spend some time with Michael and your mother. I would love to run you to the coffee shop- it will give us a chance to talk.”
“I’d like that. I’m going to grab a bowl of cereal and call my friends. Can we pick them up too if they need a ride?” 
“You bet.”
Rachael went into the kitchen. She texted Brittany and Ellery, both said they were in for coffee. They didn’t need rides- Ellery’s mom could bring them. They decided to meet at nine o’clock. Rachael scarfed down her breakfast without even tasting it. She was more nervous than she’d realized about telling her friends about the unexpected, unplanned, and uninvited move. She didn’t even hear her father come into the kitchen until he was standing next to her.
“Ready to go?”
“Yep. And Ellery and Brittany don’t need a ride. They’ll meet me there.” Rachael said.
“Good that’ll give us a chance to really talk.” 
Rachael and her father jumped into his Porsche and drove out of the driveway. 
“Honey, I wanted you to know I love you. I’m scared for all of us- but your mother and brother especially. Your mother has always been such a strong person and sometimes it’s difficult for her to admit she, like everyone else, needs some support and help too. I’m asking you to do that for me. Offer her support when she needs it. A shoulder to cry on or just an ear to listen. She’ll receive a lot of support from Aunt Margaret, but please keep me informed about how things are going. Okay?” 
“Of course, Dad.” Rachael turned to her father with tears in her eyes. She’d always been her daddy’s little girl. Moving away and living without him was going to be difficult. “Dad- I love you. We all do. I’m sorry for this whole mess and the stress it’s causing you. We’ll visit you very often.”
“Your mom and I already worked it all out. Every few weeks or so. It shouldn’t be so bad. Don’t cry, baby girl.”
They pulled into the coffee shop. Rachael unbuckled her seatbelt and reached across to give her father a hug and a kiss. She turned and walked into the coffee shop. Brittany and Ellery were already sitting inside drinking iced lattes.
“Hey, Rachael. What’s up with the Debbie downer face? You look a little rough, chica,” Brittany said sarcastically.
“Yeah. You are like Cosmo gone bad. Way bad. What’s up with the hair?” Ellery chimed in.
“Rough night girls. We’re moving.”
“Moving!” her friends exclaimed in unison.
“Oh, don’t tell us. Let us guess… Paris? London? NYC? OMG- It will be sooo cool. We can visit. Road trip!” Brittany said enthusiastically.
“Road trip?” Ellery stared at Brittany. “You have to fly to places like Paris, London, etc. Seriously,” She turned her eyes on Rachael, “We could always fly out to see you. We have lots of sky miles my dad will let us use. We need to start planning right now for a fall vacation! The ultimate girls’ getaway!”
“Hold up, girls.” Rachael held up her hands. “It’s nowhere near that exciting. It’s exactly the opposite. It’s right here in Florida.”
“Miami? South Beach is a hot spot.” At Rachael’s head shake Ellery asked “Not Miami?”
“No.” Do I tell them the truth or stretch it a little. At least Sarasota had good shopping, beaches, and hot guys…hmmm…in the end the truth would be best. So here it goes… “FRUITVILLE”.
“What the heck? Fruitville!” Brittany screeched in a near hysterical scream, as if she had just learned of the death of her pet dachshund Pedro.
“Let’s not freak her out, Brittany.” Ellery chided. “What nearby town do we know?” 
“Sarasota.” Rachael said hopefully.
“See. That’s not so bad. Fruitville just sounds so backwater, hickish… kind-of redneck. By all means start saying Sarasota. We don’t want people to think you’ve moved to the sticks.” Ellery warned.
“Well, I didn’t want to lie. The house is actually in Fruitville, but Sarasota is only a short drive into town.”
“Is there a mall?” Brittany asked.
“Yes. Several within driving distance.” Rachael replied.
“Well thank God! At least you’ll survive this.” Brittany said with exaggerated flare.
“And you always have us.” Ellery added. “Why are you guys moving anyway? What could Fruitville offer that we don’t have in West Palm?”
Rachael sighed. “That’s the worst part about this whole mess. My father’s company is in some sort of legal and financial trouble.” Well that was putting it mildly. Brittany never watched the news and could barely read a page of Cosmo without becoming completely distracted. And Ellery- well she just wouldn’t care about the gory details. Malls and boys… beaches and name brands were their biggest concerns. She didn’t want to worry them unnecessarily. 
“So that’s pretty much it.” Now it was time for the fast wrap-up. “We’ll be moving today.”
“Today!” Brittany looked stunned.
“Yep.” Rachael said glumly, “but my dad will still be here dealing with the legal side of things, so I can visit. My mom thinks some time away would be best.” 
Another worry crept into her mind. Oh well, it’s all going to come out anyhow. So she added, “Our assets have been frozen. We have to move. We have no money or credit cards. It’ll all work out in the end. We’re going to live with my Aunt Margaret.”
Whew. It was all out in the open. Rachael breathed a sigh of relief.
“You’re impoverished, destitute, poor- practically homeless!” Brittany’s lip quivered and she looked like she was going to sob.
You could always count on Brittany for a real pick-me-up. Her flare for the dramatic got to be a bit much at times like these.
“Let’s not get carried away.” Ellery chimed in. “Don’t be ridiculous Brittany. Homeless and destitute means literally without a home or resources. Obviously Rachael’s Aunt Margaret will never let that happen. Her father’s company will sort this mess out and she’ll move back. Plain and simple. Brittany- this brings me to my second thought- have you gone off your meds again? You are a little OOC today.”
Brittany shot Ellery a sour look. 
“Where will you go to school?” Ellery asked hoping for a more pleasant topic of conversation.
“Not sure. Maybe public.” 
“As in Public School?” Ellery said the last part as if it were a curse word.
“Not sure really. I don’t know if there will be money for private.” After a brief pause Rachael added “It could be really fun.”
Brittany threw up her arms. “Or catastrophic. There are real gangs and everything! Knives in the bathrooms! Guns in the halls! We need to hold a charity fundraiser to pay for your private education.”
“Come on Brittany. It’s not going to be so bad. I’m looking at it as an adventure. A journey. An opportunity to meet new people and all.” Rachael was truly smiling now. Who couldn’t help but be amused by a friend like Brittany. In her own weird way she was actually helping Rachael see things more objectively.
Ellery leaned forward. “What about Colten?”
“He knows everything and is totally okay with it. He’s going to drive over every month to visit. He said his parents don’t care and it will all be okay, in the end.”
This seemed to make even Brittany feel a little better. She suggested she and Ellery could even catch a ride over to visit Rachael each time with Colten. Sounded okay to Rachael.
When Ellery’s mom showed up an hour later, all three girls were in much better spirits. Still, something about her manner of greeting and speaking let Rachael know the word was already beginning to spread of her family’s shocking situation. Mom’s right. Time away. Anywhere away. It’s what we all need. Rachael just wished her father could escape with them.
Ellery’s mom dropped Rachael off first. Rachael hugged Ellery and Brittany goodbye. When Rachael walked inside, the whole downstairs looked exactly the same. Rachael headed upstairs to say goodbye to her room. Her furniture was still there- her bed, her dresser, her nightstands, and her lamps. Only her personal belongings, clothing, stereo, and posters were gone. This made her feel better in a way. If her furniture was still here, she knew she would be coming back. Maybe not as soon as she would like, but someday.
At that moment the front door chimed, and she raced down the stairs. 
When she opened the door, Colten stood on the front porch, her favorite purple roses in hand, along with a wrapped box.
“Open it.” He handed her the box. Obviously he’d wrapped it himself, since it wasn’t perfectly wrapped and he had used way too much tape. Rachael smiled at the sweetness of the gesture. Inside there was a picture of Colten and Rachael taken last month on his family’s yacht. Colten was wearing just a swimsuit. His hair hung in sun-kissed strands to his cheeks. He was tanned from his forehead to his toes.
The frame was plain white, hand painted wood. On it in various colors, of what Rachael assumed was permanent marker, were little messages from Colten.
“You don’t have to take the time to read them all now, but there is one I want to make sure you read before you go.” 
Colten gently flipped the frame over. On the back he had simply written
To my favorite girl,
Don’t forget me. I know I won’t forget you. 
Love Colten
Rachael began to cry, but before she could get too upset Colten kissed her in a way that made her forget she was ever upset.
When the fog cleared, Rachael gazed into Colten’s eyes and whispered, “You know, if you kiss me like that every time we say goodbye, it’ll always keep me coming back.”
“That’s what I was hoping for.” He smiled.
Just then Rachael’s mother arrived home. The moving truck had already departed sometime while Rachael had been at the coffee shop with her friends. It was now time to say goodbye. 
Rachael’s father came outside and kissed her mother, Michael, and Rachael. Rachael gave Colten one last hug and jumped into her mother’s Benz. It all felt surreal as they pulled out the gates, and Rachael took one last glance at her home on the Island. 
Will I be back? I certainly hope so.
Rachael turned her IPod on intending to tune out the world on the ride to Fruitville. But as song after song played, she only thought about Colten and where they had been when she had last heard the song. Visions of Colten flooded her memory. Rachael and Colten going for a stroll at the beach… a midnight swim with friends off of Colten’s dock… a doubles tennis match at the club… a slow dance shared at her last cotillion dance last year… 
She turned off her IPod.
Maybe music was a bad idea. 
Rachael studied the beautiful picture frame Colten had given her. Maybe now was not the best time to read all of those little notes. She would be a blubbering mess in seconds and the car provided no room for escape.
No the picture frame is better left for another time, when I’m alone.
Rachael had no idea where they were now, except for some back road heading west. They had exited I-95 a little while ago and had already passed Okeechobee. Now it seemed they were passing endless cattle ranches, the occasional sod farm, and some sort of vegetable farm that really smelled! 
“OOOH! What’s that stink?” Rachael asked.
“Celery fields.” Her mom responded. She took in a deep breath- she really seemed to be enjoying the smell! “Smells like home.”
“Yuck. Let’s hope not.” 
Her mom laughed. “Kids, this is going to be an adventure for the two of you. I had always hoped to bring you back to your roots someday and have you enjoy some of the great things I did as a child. Now it looks like you will get your chance.”
“Stinky, smelly celery fields? If that’s enjoyment I think you are way off base here mom.” Rachael huffed. 
“I don’t think stinky stuff is all bad. I kind of like the smell.” Michael chimed in. 
“Yeah, you would.” Rachael snapped- then added- “Sorry Michael. Didn’t mean to be so grouchy.”
“It’s okay. My friend Wyatt said you are probably just really PMS’d.” Michael stated matter-of-factly. 
“What would you know about PMS?” 
“It’s just an icky girl thing. You guys get all whacked out and crazy and stuff. I’m never getting married. Wyatt and I read about it online. His sister gets so cranky she stays in bed for days- she even takes some pills for it!” Michael seemed truly frightened by this PMS thing. “I’m glad I can’t contract this disease.”
“Michael, your sister is not PMS’d- or maybe she is.” Their mother decided to intervene before they got into an actual fight. 
“Mom!” Rachael squealed.
“Anyhow. No more internet research on PMS or girl things. You can get some bad info that way, Michael. If you have questions you could always ask Dad or me. We can tell you anything you want to know about girls- even PMS.” 
“NO, THANK YOU.” Came Michael’s emphatic response. “You guys are ancient. That would be like going to the library and checking an encyclopedia for current event info. Maybe I’ll just ask Rachael all of the things I want to know.” He teased.
“Thanks a lot. Really lookin’ forward to that.” Rachael crossed her arms.
“Okay- so enough about PMS.” Their mother chided. “Let’s talk about Aunt Margaret’s house. We haven’t visited there in quite a few years so let’s see what you remember. After all- it will be our home. I think it is only proper we start to try to see it that way.”
“Temporary home.” Rachael amended.
“Yes. Temporary home. So let’s have it. What do you remember?”
“Well- it’s in the middle of nowhere. Somewhere in the country. There was a dairy nearby- and if I remember correctly it really smelled!” Rachael laughed.
“There is a dairy, but it’s five miles away. What else?”
“The house is red brick with black shutters. One story? With a barn out back?” Michael asked more than stated.
“Yep. And?”  
“There was a chicken coop. We had to collect eggs every morning. And an old horse- Paint was his name. He was a Paint horse.” Suddenly Rachael didn’t feel quite so down.
“See, it’s all coming back to you both now. Paint was our old horse- Margaret’s and mine- when we were your age. We used to love to ride him bareback all around the house and down the roads to the grove. We’d pick oranges in Old Man Ted’s groves, with his permission of course, and then ride home to make fresh-squeezed orange juice. That was a long time ago. I hope this house will hold for the two of you some of the same magic it once held for me.” 
Her mother paused. “I know this will be a big change. There are stores, shops, and malls- but none are nearby. Everything and everywhere we go will require a short drive. When we are in town, we’ll need to make sure we don’t forget any items we really need, because driving back into town for one item isn’t a good option. Fuel is expensive and, as of right now, we are on a budget. But there are a lot of things you can do this summer right around the house.”
“Like?” Rachael prompted.
“Hiking. Fishing. Boating. Horseback riding. Gardening. There are dozens of things.”
“Cool.” Michael said.
“Great. We have become the Walton’s or Little House on the Prairie. Literally.” Rachael joked.
“Something like that. This will be good for you kids. You’ve been very spoiled by an easy beach lifestyle. I’m not saying life will be hard- just different. Good different.”
Rachael could see from her mother’s eyes she was lost somewhere in another place and time. She was smiling. Rachael suddenly realized it was the first time she’d seen her mother truly happy in a long time. Somehow Rachael sensed that this lifestyle they were returning to was really the lifestyle her mother preferred. 
How long has this trouble with the company really been going on? How long have Mom and Dad known about the trouble and kept it from us all? How much pain and stress has Mom already endured in secret? 
Rachael decided in that moment she wouldn’t add to their stress. Her feelings and sadness would be her own. Her parents had enough to deal with already.
They rode in silence for the remaining half hour until their mother announced,
“We’re here.”









Chapter Three

As the Benz pulled into the driveway, Rachael stared at a closed gate and a heavily forested dirt road blocking everything else beyond it from view. Where was the house? She didn’t remember this part of the experience. There was row upon row of pine trees on either side of the dirt road. The trees were planted in a perfect criss-cross pattern as far as the eye could see. 
“I don’t remember the pine trees? Are they new?” Rachael asked.
“Well, they were only saplings the last time we visited about eight years ago. This particular type of pine grows very quickly. Your Aunt Margaret wanted more privacy from the road- so she had a friend who is a tree farmer plant these.”
“They’re very pretty.” 
“Would you mind opening the gate?” Her mother said in Michael’s general direction. “Leave it open until I drive through it and then close it behind us. Make sure to chain it back just like you find it. If Aunt Margaret has any animals loose we wouldn’t want any of them to get out and get hit on the main road.”
“Okay.” Michael jumped out of the car.
They pulled through the gate and Michael carefully chained the gate back as he had found it. After he jumped back into his seat, their mother continued driving down the long dirt driveway. After about fifty yards the pine trees gave way to a large, open green lawn with a beautiful red brick home at its center. The home was much larger than Rachael had remembered. It had a long, open ranch-style porch along the expanse of the front of the house. The pillars on the porch were red brick on the bottom third and then became tapered white columns as they continued up to the roofline. There was a red brick staircase leading from a walkway up to the porch with wrought iron rails on either side. There were four large white rocking chairs on the porch, two on either side of the front door. Each set had a small matching wrought iron table in between them. 
The house had a very happy feeling about it. She could tell the people that lived here had been happy and hoped she too would find happiness during her stay. As they pulled into the driveway in front of the garage, Rachael’s mother honked the horn. Aunt Margaret came running outside still wearing an apron with ‘I’m the gourmet’ in bold letters across the front. 
That was one thing Rachael had never forgotten- Aunt Margaret’s cooking. While she and her mother were from the same family, their cooking styles differed greatly. Mrs. Harte cooked a variety of different cuisines including Italian, Chinese, and Indian food. Aunt Margaret, on the other hand, stuck to traditional southern foods. Of course she made the occasional spaghetti and meatballs or lasagna- who didn’t? But she didn’t venture too far outside of the proverbial “box”. That by no means meant Aunt Margaret’s food was boring or bland, because exactly the opposite was the case. Aunt Margaret’s meals were delectable, and for that reason they were also very fattening. She cooked with real butter and extra heavy whipping cream. She still deep fried some of her vegetables- in bacon grease no less! While it all tasted incredible, Rachael was fearful she would be gaining a lot of extra pounds while here. 
Hmmm…Let’s look on the bright side. Maybe I’ll gain some boobs. 
Her mother always told her they were made of fat and if you wanted to have any boobs at all you needed a little fat in your diet. Well, she knew from past experience fattening, rich foods would be in no short supply here!
Mrs. Harte jumped out and practically ran over to hug her sister, Margaret. The two sisters stood there in a silent embrace for a little while until Michael jumped up and joined them. Then Rachael joined in the hug too.
“Let me get a good look at you.” Aunt Margaret stepped back and made quite the production about looking both Michael and Rachael over. “Hmm. Turn around. Okay again.” 
Both Michael and Rachael giggled.
“Well Michael, I would say you have grown three inches since I saw you at Christmas last year. And Rachael- I think maybe you have stopped growing. We need to feed you some more, girl!” Aunt Margaret teased.
“I know. I’m trying to gain some curves.”
Rachael wasn’t bothered by her aunt’s teasing. She hadn’t grown since Christmas dinner last year. It had been eight years since they last visited Aunt Margaret’s home, but Aunt Margaret did a much better job than they did of visiting. She didn’t have any children of her own and had never married. Aunt Margaret never missed a holiday or family event at the Harte household in Palm Beach. Rachael had grown up so closely with her aunt she felt she could share anything with her. Now that they had arrived, Rachael knew this would be a more comforting experience than she could have imagined possible.
Everyone was so busy chatting no one had noticed the moving truck cleared the pine tree lined drive and pulled up as closely as possible to the house. Rachael assumed the drivers had stopped for lunch in between.
“The movers are here. Come on inside and see your rooms kids, so you guys will know where to send them with the boxes.”
Michael and Rachael followed their aunt into the house. The house was large with wood floors throughout. From the foyer they could see a large dining room to the right and a sitting room to the left. As they continued through an open archway, they entered into a family room with large viewing windows overlooking the barn and back pastures. To the right there was the kitchen, which had an adjoining swinging door to the dining room on the other side. There was also a long bar sharing the same wall separating the kitchen and dining room. There were hinged shutter doors that opened and closed making it possible to use the bar as a serving station for holidays or large dinner parties.
Next they turned left and walked through the family room and down a long hall leading to the five bedrooms. Everything was exactly as Rachael had remembered it.
Their Aunt Margaret informed them the first bedroom they stopped at was Michael’s. The next was Rachael’s bedroom. There was a bathroom in between the two bedrooms with an adjoining door on either side. There was also a door leading out into the main hallway. 
Great. Rachael thought. I’ll be sharing a bathroom with the little pisser. Why was it guys couldn’t always get it in the toilet where it belonged? Rachael knew she would be investing in a lot of cleaning wipes and some gloves.
Just then her aunt interrupted her thoughts.
“Why don’t you both go in and check out your rooms. I think you will be happy with the changes I have made to them for you.” She turned and walked back outside to help her sister with instructions for the movers.
Rachael walked into her room. Wow! The room had a beautiful four-post full sized bed with matching dresser and nightstand. There was a desk in the corner with a new laptop. There was also a new stereo system on her dresser. The closet was a walk-in the size of a small room. When Rachael opened the double doors she couldn’t believe her eyes. Her aunt must’ve gone through a lot of trouble to do this for her. Inside there was a cedar lined closet complete with a wall just for shoes! It would hold probably fifty pairs! There were built-in drawers and even a built-in jewelry box. Even her closet back home in Palm Beach wasn’t this nice. This brought another thought to mind. 
How long did Mom and Dad know this might be a possibility? For how long did they contemplate and discuss the details? She frowned. A little more time to say goodbye to my friends might have been nice… but on the other hand maybe not. It could’ve been ugly. People could’ve been rude and even hurtful. No it’s better this way.
Rachael jumped when she heard Michael cheering and screaming in the next room. She cut through the bathroom to his room to see what his excitement was all about. When she entered his room, he was nowhere to be found. The room, like hers, had a very nice new bed. Michael’s bed was a huge racecar and had matching red dressers and an armoire. When she opened the armoire, Rachael could see it was obviously meant to hold his hanging wardrobe- then what was the closet for? Rachael opened the door. 
Holy crap!
Inside Michael’s large walk-in closet there was a mini-theater complete with leather loveseat, large flat screen, and surround sound. The walls were even sound-proofed! This was every guy’s dream!  There was a large built-in shelf which apparently housed every type of video gaming system imaginable. Fifty new games- all unopened- were arranged in alphabetical order. 
Michael was standing in awe of the games. “These are all new. They are ones I have been wanting, but hadn’t gotten yet.”
“Wow, Michael! Aunt Margaret went all-out on our rooms.” Rachael exclaimed.
“What’s yours like?”
“About as extreme- but totally for a girl of course. Huge dream walk-in closet, cedar lined with an enormous shoe rack. And a new laptop and stereo system.” Rachael paused and then continued, “Let’s go thank her. She probably is wondering what we think of our new rooms.”
“Good idea.”
Both Rachael and Michael bounded outside and gave their Aunt Margaret a huge hug. 
“Go thank your mom, too! She is the one who told me what you would each like.” 
Both Rachael and Michael yelled “Thanks mom!” in unison. Their mother handed them each a sign labeled “Rachael” and “Michael” in bold lettering.
“Please go tape these on your doors. The boxes are marked and the movers are about to start bringing them inside.”
Both Rachael and Michael disappeared back inside. Michael decided to stay inside and start using his new gaming systems. Rachael decided to go for a walk and check the place out. Try to settle in a bit. She told her mother and Aunt Margaret where she was headed and disappeared behind the house. 
She inhaled the fresh air deeply as she walked toward the barn, where she’d loved to play as a child. It was still painted red in the traditional barn fashion with large closing doors on either end. Since she already knew what the barn held she decided to explore further to the pastures behind it. 
When she reached the black board fences that enclosed the pastures, she climbed easily over the top rail. As she walked across the pasture, she wondered, Is it hotter here? Sure, it was summer, and the west coast Florida heat was intense this time of year, but it felt warmer than back home.
As she strolled, she picked Florida wildflowers. The yellow Black-eyed Susans, Bushy Asters- which looked like small white daisies with yellow centers, White Milkweed and Yellow Buttons were Rachael’s favorites. Her Aunt Margaret was a fantastic gardener and could answer any questions she had about native plants. When she had spent the summer here eight years ago, Aunt Margaret had taught her a lot about wildflowers. Rachael had never forgotten.
As Rachael continued her exploration she came to another black board fence. She climbed over the top rail of that one as well and continued walking until she came to a line of oak trees. She kept walking and she could hear a creek in the distance gurgling. She decided to explore in that general direction. If she could hear it- it couldn’t be far. In less than two minutes she found the creek. It was beautiful. The water was crystal clear, but no matter how thirsty she was she knew better than to drink it. It looked so inviting. She could see to the bottom. The creek had a white sand bottom and looked very clean. The water moved at a brisk pace and didn’t appear to be more than waist deep. Squinting further downstream, she saw a shallow crossing. 
It’s so freakin’ hot. I just want to cool off. A glance around told Rachael she was alone. Why not? No one else is around. 
I’m just trying to settle into my new surroundings and all. I’m a country girl now. I need to become one with nature.
Rachael made her way down to the crossing and looked both ways. There was nothing for miles. She listened closely and heard nothing. What was there to lose? Besides- it’s not like her mother, aunt, or brother had never seen her in her birthday suit before. 
Rachael decided to go for it. She stripped down to her panties and sports bra and carefully waded in. The water was very refreshing and it was only waist deep. She walked to where the creek got a little deeper and stood there enjoying its cool caress on her skin. She could feel the minnows nibbling at her toes so she decided to wade back into shallower water near the crossing to try to catch a minnow in her hand. 
She’d been standing in the knee deep water for thirty minutes or so, trying to catch minnows, when she heard it. 
A soft “Ahem.” A clearing of the throat from behind her.
Rachael screamed and whirled around. Nothing could’ve prepared her for the sight of the rugged cowboy in front of her. 
He was tall… or was it just because he was way up there, sitting on that saddle on his horse? His green eyes were vivid, his hair a rich, dark brown, and his lips were full but very masculine. He had a very strong jaw line with a cleft in his chin. He looked to be about her age.
“Hi ma’am. I didn’t mean to startle you and all, but it would seem you are trespassing.” He said in his southern accent.
“Trespassing?” Rachael asked as she became suddenly aware her clothes were several yards back downstream, and there she was, standing in the creek in only a sports bra and a pair of low rise bikini underwear.
“Yes. Trespassing. And as it would appear you were not illegally hunting or picking shrooms, well then I can let you go and not press any charges. If you’ll excuse me, I’ll ride back and get your clothes.” 
When he rode back up, he swung down out of the saddle and walked over, handing Rachael her shorts and tank top. 
“You may want to put these on, Miss…?” He paused, waiting for her to fill in the blank.
“Rachael Harte.” 
“Miss Harte. Because in about five minutes I will be driving about two hundred head of cattle across this creek at just this spot with about five other cowboys. Trust me, you don’t want to meet all of us dressed as you are now. You’ll never live it down.”
“And you are?” Rachael asked.
“Travis Baxter. Do you ride, Miss Harte?”
“No. Not really.” She stepped into her shorts and pulled on her tank top.
“Well, as I see it, you have two choices. You can either find a safe place to stand a short distance away, where you won’t be frightened,” Travis said with a teasing grin, “or you can ride with me.”
“Frightened? Of what?” Then, as Rachael spoke the words, she spotted the herd of cattle headed straight towards them. There were a lot of them, and none appeared gentle. Thin, short haired dogs circled them, barking. Rachael was afraid she’d get run over.
“I’ll ride,” She said quickly.
Travis lifted her easily into the saddle, then quickly mounted behind her. A gentleman in his early fifties rode over to them.  “So what do we have here?”
“A trespasser, Dad. Would you like to press charges?” Travis asked him with a wink.
“No. Not this time. We’ll let her go, but next time she might not get off so easy. We may make her work off her time in the barn,” His father answered. Then in the general direction of the remaining four cowboys he said, “Let’s get moving boys.”
With that he rode toward the back of the herd. Rachael and Travis rode on the left side of the cattle applying gentle pressure to any of the cows that strayed outside of the bunch. Between the cows lowing and the dogs barking and the cracking of the whip, there was no room for any conversation. 
So this is a cattle drive! It’s incredible. I’m now Annie Oakley!
They all crossed the creek. Once on the other side the cattle broke and ran. 
Rachael could hear one cowboy, Travis’ father, yelling commands to the dogs. 
“Get ahead, girls. Get ahead.” 
The dogs sprang into action and raced ahead of the herd stopping them. Once the cows were stopped another command was given.
“Way around, girls. Way around. Talk to ‘em girls.” 
The dogs obviously knew their jobs. They began circling the herd holding them in a circular formation. The “talk to ‘em” part apparently meant to bark as they circled the herd. 
“We are going to hold them here for a minute while Dad looks at them and decides what he wants to do.” Travis said in Rachael’s ear. Then in the direction of his father he said, 
“Hey, Dad, I’m going to run Rachael home. Meet you at the pens.”
Run Rachael home? She was only two minutes into her first cattle drive and she was being taken home???? She wanted to go to the pens too…whatever that was or whatever that meant. 
But before she could protest, Travis’ father called out to her
“Give your Aunt Margaret my best, Rachael.” 
Travis whispered in her ear “Hold on tightly.” 
And with that announcement they were loping across the creek and back across the pasture the way which Rachael had come earlier. She hadn’t realized how far she had traveled. If she had been paying any attention at all she should have realized when she crossed the second black board fence she had trespassed onto Travis’ family’s ranch. 
Travis got to a corner gate and swung down and opened it. He was back in the saddle behind her a moment later and rode her straight up to the fence behind the barn. When they stopped Rachael asked,
“So you knew who I was?” 
“Sure did. As soon as you said your name.” 
He swung down and reached up to lift Rachael out of the saddle. Seeing as she had no idea how to get down on her own she had to let him.
“I have known your Aunt Margaret my entire life. Your mother, my father, and your aunt all went to school together- grade school through high school.” Then Travis flashed her a wicked grin. “Yep. I’ve heard all about you, girl.”
“Like what?” Has the family scandal followed me here?
Travis smirked. “Like you’re from West Palm Beach and live on the Island. You spend your time playing tennis and waltzing at dances. Hoity Toity, rich-city-kid stuff like that.” Travis said trying to get her dander up- and he did. 
“Well Travis Baxter, if I knew you better I would tell you exactly what I thought about you. But seeing as I don’t know you better, and after this I don’t plan to, you’ll just have to go on in ignorance of my opinion of you.” Rachael replied.
“Well, Miss Harte, that sure would be a shame seeing as how I really like you in spite of what you think or don’t think of me.” 
With that Travis tilted his Stetson, grabbed his reigns, swung back up into the saddle- and rode away. 
What a frustrating jerk! What a handsome, hot, tanned… with a great butt… frustrating jerk. 
Rachael climbed over the back fence and headed into the house by way of the back porch. When she opened the screened door she could see her mother and Aunt Margaret were sitting there sipping coffee. They had certainly been witness to the whole conversation- thank goodness they were too far away to have heard any of it. 
“So, I see you met Travis.” Her aunt smiled. “Such a sweet, gentle-natured boy.”
Was she talking about the same guy? No way. This was the guy who purposefully rode right past her clothes, intentionally cutting her off from them at the creek. He just wanted to sneak a peek. Then he acts all gentlemanly and stuff… and rides back to get them. A true gentleman would have brought them in the first place. And then politely turned his back while she dressed. Sweet? Gentle-natured? PHHH. Creep was more like it.
“Yep. He’s nice, Aunt Margaret.” Rachael lied through her teeth.
“Good. I’m glad you liked him because I had asked him last week if he could come over tomorrow and give you a tour around here.”
OMG…
“That’s sweet Aunt Margaret, but I have a boyfriend already and wouldn’t want to make him jealous.” Rachael replied nonchalantly.
“Oh. Don’t be silly. Travis knows you have a serious boyfriend. I already told him. As always, he will be the perfect gentleman.” 
“Thanks, Aunt Margaret. That’s really sweet.” Fearful her face would betray her true feelings, Rachael quickly turned and walked inside. She went straight to her room and closed her door gently.
Who can I call to talk to about this? Colten? No that might go very badly. Brittany or Ellery? No- they might tell Colten and really make a mess of things. Dad… I’ll call Dad. He understands guys- even if he is a really old one.
Rachael picked up her cell and checked for bars. TGFT. At least I have bars out here to be able to stay in touch with the rest of the modern world. Rachael dialed her father. He picked up on the first ring.
“Hey, baby girl. I’m so glad to hear from you. How was the drive over?”
“Great, Dad. We got over here a few hours ago. The movers arrived with the truck right after we got here. I’m sitting on my bed now. It is wall to wall boxes. I think it’s going to take me forever to unpack.”
“You’d be surprised honey. It’s like unpacking a suitcase from a long trip- except with all your favorite shoes along. I didn’t even check your room- did you take all of your shoe collection?”
“Sure did. And that’s the best part of it all. Aunt Margaret surprised me by redoing an entire room for me, but of course you may have known about it beforehand.”
“Sure did. But it was your mother and Aunt Margaret who did all of the planning and brainstorming about what you would want. What do you think about the closet? Aunt Margaret sent us pictures of it in email a few weeks back. I thought it looked pretty nice.”
“Definitely! The shoe rack is amazing!!! I was totally psyched when I saw it! I love the new laptop and stereo, too.”
“Aww- those were my suggestions. Wanted to make sure you had internet access. Can’t have you cut off from all civilized society.”
“Yeah, well that’s kind of why I called. I needed to talk.” Rachael confided in a whisper. She wasn’t sure if her mother or Aunt Margaret had come back inside and if they had where they were in the house.
“Go on.” Her father urged.
“Well, it’s nothing major but I kind of went for a long hike today and trespassed onto someone’s land.”
“Trespassed? Are you in legal trouble?” Her father sounded very worried.
“No, Dad. It’s not like that. They are good friends of Aunt Margaret’s… and well … the guy is around my age.”
“Um-hum.” Her father sounded intrigued.
“So anyhow, he was very nice at first and even gave me a ride home on his horse. Then he let me know he knew exactly who I was from Aunt Margaret and I felt like he kind of insulted me.”
“Insulted you how?” Her father asked.
“Well, he said he had heard I was from the city and played tennis and a lot of other rich ‘Hoity Toity’ stuff. I’m not even sure I know what Hoity Toity means.”
“Is that all?” Her father started to laugh and then caught himself.
“No. The worst part is, I then went inside and Aunt Margaret told me he is a really nice guy. She asked him to show me around- tomorrow. I don’t want to go anywhere with him, tomorrow or any other day for that matter, but I didn’t want to offend Aunt Margaret either.”
“So you kept quiet?” Her father inquired.
“Yep.” 
“And now you regret it because you really don’t want to go.” Her father said as more of a statement of fact rather than a question.
“Is he cute?” 
“DAD!!!” Rachael said sarcastically. “I have a boyfriend. Remember?”
“Yes, I remember. Was he a real jerk to you? In any other way I mean.” 
Rachael knew exactly what her father meant by the ‘in any other way’ part. 
“DAD! Of course not.” Rachael answered. “JEEEZ. It’s just I have a boyfriend and this guy- Travis is his name- is really, really cute- and I don’t want to give him the wrong idea.”
“Does he know you have a boyfriend?” 
“Yes.”
“Want to know what I think?” Her father asked her directly.
“Yes. That is why I called.” 
“Well, I think you have moved to a VERY small town.”  
Her father really emphasized the ‘very small town’ part and then continued.
“And, speaking from experience, it wouldn’t hurt to have a good friend who has probably been born and raised there.”
“He has.” Rachael responded and then added, “Continue…”
“He knows you have a boyfriend and therefore shouldn’t have any real expectations of anything more, but having been a young guy myself many years ago I know he may have. So the question here is whether you think you can have a close friendship with a guy, other than Colten, without it becoming something more. I think you can and I don’t think not going tomorrow is the right choice.”
“So you think I should go?” Rachael asked.
“Yes. I think you should go.” 
“Thanks, Dad.”
“BUT…”
Rachael knew there would have to be a BUT involved here somewhere.
“You need to tell Colten. Not in a ‘I think I’m doing something wrong way.’ Just in a ‘I have made a friend and it happens to be a guy way.’ Okay?”
“Yep. I think he has some girl friends back home in England. Well, that came out wrong- not girlfriends as in ‘girlfriends’- just friends that are girls. Get it?” Rachael clarified.
“Yep- I’m all clear on that. So there won’t be a problem then.”
“Nope. TCO.” 
“TCO?” Her father asked sounding confused.
“All taken care of Dad. And BTW- by the way- we gotta teach you to text properly. I think we will be doing a lot more of it.” Rachael laughed.
“OK. LOL. At least I know that much.” 
“Night, Dad. Thanks again.” 
“Night, baby. Love you.” 
“I love you, too.” Rachael ended the call.
Well that was new and totally weird, yet awesome too in some weird sort of way. Next- calling Colten. I hope this goes well.
She dialed Colten. He answered immediately.
“Hey, my favorite girl. What’s up? How’s the metropolis of Fruitville?” 
“Great actually. Everything has gone smoothly and my new room is awesome.” Rachael conveyed the events of her afternoon, starting with her drive over and ending with her conversation with Travis at the fence and the call to her father.
“Sounds like you’ve had a crazy day. A cattle drive? Really? I wish I had seen that.”
“Yeah. It was insane.” Then she asked, “So you’re not bothered by me hanging out with Travis tomorrow? Seeing the sights sort of thing?”
“Well, in reference to the creek thing- can you blame him? You have a killer body. He is a guy after all.”
“It doesn’t bother you?”
“Rachael, guys check you out all the time. And I’m sure half of Palm Beach has seen you in a bikini. Besides, I trust you. I have girl friends back home. Whoa- that came out wrong.” She intervened.
“No- I know what you meant. Friends that are girls.”
“Precisely. Like I have this friend, Gema, I have known her forever. She is just a friend- but I love to talk to her. Bounce ideas off of her and stuff like that. She knew I liked you before you did. She even helped me plan our first date.” Colten confessed.
“Aww…” Rachael sighed.
“Now if you start telling me he is trying to kiss you and stuff, then that would be different.”
Yep. That’s hitting the nail on the head. It’s the ‘and stuff’ Rachael was worried about. She could tell Travis found her attractive, but she didn’t believe he liked her, like as in LIKED HER. Hopefully she wasn’t mistaken.
“Okay. So I’ll go.” Rachael said.
“Yes, you should. And see if he has any friends who are girls he can introduce you to.” 
“Colten.” Rachael said his name with emphasis.
“What? A guy can’t be a little jealous his favorite girl is spending an entire day with a cowboy? I just wish it were me is all.”
“I wish it were too.” 
She heard her mother calling her.
“Hey- mom’s looking for me. Gotta run. Talk to you tomorrow?”
“For sure. Miss you already.” Colten responded.
“Me too. Night-night.”
“Night, baby.”
So here it was. Out of the frying pan and into the fire! Now I will be spending the day with Travis. What will it be like? Hopefully fun.
Rachael heard her mother calling her again and ran down the hall towards the direction of her voice. It was dinnertime. When she entered the dining room, her stomach growled at the mere sight of the spread. 
Yum. Yum. Candied yams. Biscuits. And glazed ham. Some of her favorites. 
After dinner Rachael took a long soak in a hot tub. She needed that more than anything to help her relax. Afterwards, she read one of Colten’s messages on her picture frame.
Yep. I still miss you.
Then she slept in her new bed, in her new room, for the first time. She dreamed about Colten and it was wonderful. 
Until…









Chapter Four

Rachael awoke to a blood-curdling, startling screech. She shot straight up in bed.
What the heck was that?
There it is again…Is that a rooster? What time is it anyway?
A glance at the clock on her stereo told her it was quarter till five o’clock in the morning! Rachael grabbed her pillow and covered her entire face and head with it- stifling a groan.
Then there was a knock at her door.
What the heck was going on? Can’t a person get any sleep around here?
“Yessss.” Rachael answered without even lifting the pillow.
“It’s Aunt Margaret. Are you awake?” 
“Yes. Come on in.”
This better be important.
“Hey, honey, you’re probably not used to getting up this early and all, but I figured you’d want a little time to get ready.”
“For what?” Came Rachael’s reluctant question.
“Travis. He’ll be here in about thirty minutes.”
“What!” Rachael shrieked. “Are you kidding me?”
This must be some sort of joke. A really bad one. Who gets up and goes out to see the sights at five o’clock in the morning. 
Another quick glance at the clock and Rachael amended her previous thought: 
Who gets up and goes out to see the sights at 4:58 in the morning? A jerk like Travis- that’s who.
“He’s taking you fishing.”
“Fishing?”
“Yep. He thought being from the city and all you’d really like to go fishing. A huge group of kids are going. They like to be on the water before daybreak.”
Aunt Margaret paused in the doorway and turned back.
“Oh, and don’t forget a swimsuit. This involves swimming too.”
“Okay.” At five o’clock in the morning that was all the enthusiasm Rachael could fake.
Rachael crawled out of bed and started sorting through boxes in search of her bikini. She couldn’t find her newest one. She would have to settle for the string bikini with the non-existent bottoms. It was from last season and was way too small now, but it would have to suffice.
Great. My butt will be hanging out. On second thought, maybe a pair of board shorts would be a good idea… if I can find them.
A few more minutes of searching produced no board shorts. Only a box of tennis skirts and jean shorts.
Jean shorts, it is. That pair is too long. That pair of cutoffs are short. Perfect.
Rachael threw on the bikini and the jean short cutoffs, a Hollister tank top, and a visor with her ponytail hanging out the top. She applied her waterproof, sweat proof tinted sunscreen that worked like a base. Sweeping her eyes with waterproof mascara, added some lip gloss and she was ready to go. 
Rachael walked down the hall and into the kitchen and stopped cold.
“Mornin’, sunshine. Ready to go?” Travis asked by way of greeting.
“Oh, it’s you.” Rachael said curtly.
“Yep.” He shot her a mischievous grin. “Glad to see you too. Your aunt made you coffee and a sausage biscuit for the road.”
Travis jumped up, handed them both to her, then headed toward the front door. Rachael stared at his back. Then, like a puppy, she followed him, gripping her insulated coffee mug and biscuit wrapped in a napkin. 
From behind he is perfect, but when he opens his mouth I could just kill him.
When Rachael stepped outside she could see the seriously nice truck parked in the driveway up on big tires. Behind it was a gorgeous airboat. 
Rachael had to admit- the truck was sweet but the tires were a bit much. And an airboat? Were they going to the Everglades? She had seen them on TV before but never in real life.
Travis walked to her side of the vehicle and opened the passenger side door. 
So here he is, the gentleman in action. Rachael thought skeptically.
When Rachael jumped in she could see they weren’t alone. There were two gorgeous girls in the backseat!
So Travis is a player…hmmm. Some gentleman.
The cute blonde with high cheek bones and blue eyes cheerfully said,
“Hi, Rachael. I’m Maysie, Travis’ twin sister. This is my BFF Shannah.”
“What’s up?” Was all the greeting Shannah offered.
Shannah looked like she was unimpressed by Rachael and maybe wanted to kick her ass. 
“We’re so glad you moved here. We’ll have a blast hanging out on the river today.” Maysie continued, unbothered by her best friend’s lack of interest or enthusiasm.
“River?” Rachael asked.
“Yep. The Peace River,” Maysie answered.
“Cool. Thanks for inviting me,” Rachael offered. 
“Oh. We didn’t.” Shannah said under her breath.
Maysie elbowed Shannah in the ribs.
“It was all Travis’ idea. He figures it would be a great chance for you to meet everyone from the area. You’ll see. It’ll be fun.” Maysie said.
“A total blast.” Shannah said dryly. 
Maysie kicked her in the shin. Even in the dark Rachael could hear Shannah say “ouch”. 
After that everyone was quiet for the next five minutes of the ride. From his profile Rachael could see Travis was grinning wide. He was having fun at her expense. 
This guy really ticks me off.
Rachael was glad everyone was quiet now. She couldn’t tell if Shannah inherently didn’t like her or if she was just moody. Or maybe she knew something Rachael didn’t know.
“So Rachael.” Travis broke the silence. “Do you like to fish?”
“Sure. But not usually this early. I’m more of a late riser.” 
Travis’ grin got wider. 
“Well, it’s going to be a long day. I hope you put on some sunscreen… though, by the looks of you, you don’t really need any.” Then he added “But if you do, I know Ty will gladly help you out.”
“Ty?” Rachael asked.
“Yep. He was one of the cowboys helping us yesterday. He thought you were real cute.”
“Oh.” Was all Rachael said.
“You gotta watch that one.” Maysie chimed in from the backseat.
“That’s putting it mildly.” Shannah snorted.
“He’s known for being a real heartbreaker around here… real hot and smooth.”  Maysie warned.
“Thanks for the warning, but I’ve got a boyfriend back home.” Rachael responded.
Almost instantly she felt a change in the atmosphere from Shannah’s direction.
“So how long have you been going out?” Shannah asked in a much warmer tone.
“Six months. He’s from England.”
“Oh. I bet he has a neat accent.” Maysie sounded really interested in hearing all about Colten.
“Yikes. Get me out of this truck.” Travis griped.
“What? Did you say something?” Rachael teased. 
“Nope.” Travis answered laughing.
“Good.” Maysie said. “Let’s talk guys.”
“Oh crap. Here we go. I knew I should have driven separately.” Travis chided.
“Oh be quiet. Just close your ears.” Maysie said sweetly.
It was funny. Even when Maysie was being short, she sounded so sweet, sincere, and innocent. It was just her way.
“So, I have a crush on Jason. He is a hottie and a junior. He is the running back for the football team. I am hoping he will ask me out by the end of summer.” Maysie said.
“Yep. And maybe not.” Travis said. “I don’t think he is right for you.”
“Why not? He is a friend of yours.” Maysie grumped.
“Yep, exactly. And I know him better than you do. How about a nice guy like Adam?”
“Too nice.” 
Rachael decided to change the subject before brother and sister got into a fight.
“So, Shannah, who do you like?”
“Ty.” Maysie said with a teasing voice.
So that was it. She was afraid I was competition.
“The player?” Rachael couldn’t help herself.
Shannah sighed. “Yes. I can’t help it. I like the bad boys. He’s all tatted up and stuff. Totally hot.”
“I don’t remember him from yesterday.” Rachael stated flatly.
“He’ll love that.” Travis laughed. 
“It’ll be good for him. Take him down a notch or two.” Said Maysie. 
They pulled up to a boat ramp. It was still dark and Rachael had no idea where they were. 
“We’ll drop in here.” Travis said and jumped out.
Everyone jumped out. When Maysie climbed out Rachael could see she was seriously tall just like her brother. She must be five feet ten inches tall. She had an amazing figure, curvy but strong. Her legs had very defined muscles. Rachael wondered what sport she played. 
Shannah was much shorter and had gorgeous brunette hair to her waist. She was very leanly muscled- like a runner or something. Upon closer inspection Rachael could see Shannah was seriously fit- seriously! Her arms had biceps and triceps. Her legs were chiseled. 
I bet she has firm abs too. 
Gymnast maybe? She’d have to ask her later.
“Jump in girls.” Travis called.
Then he expertly backed the airboat into the water, dropped it, and pulled away to park his truck. He came back and climbed in. 
“Where are the others?” Rachael asked. 
“We gotta go meet them.” Maysie answered.
Next they were off racing down the Peace River towards wherever their destination was. Rachael was just glad to be back on the water. It would make her feel more at home. She was glad she had decided to come after all.
They drove for a long ways down the river until they got to somewhere, Rachael really had no idea where, just before dawn. Travis slowed the airboat to a crawl. As they approached slowly, Rachael could make out several other boats ahead of them. There were airboats, bass boats, ski boats, john boats- Rachael couldn’t believe the number of boats. Probably fifteen in all.
As they got closer and pulled up beside them, Rachael could see all of the boats had teens on them ranging in ages from fourteen to nineteen- maybe even twenty years old. So this must be where the swimming and skiing came into play. Rachael was a good skier and knew skiing behind an airboat was not an option! She was relieved to see the ski boats.
Rachael was thankful for the opportunity to meet so many people, but it was also a bit intimidating to meet this many new people all at once. Each of the fifteen or so boats had between three to five people on them. Would that mean there were likely sixty or more people here? Did Travis really know all these people? In the next moment Rachael had her answer.
“Hey, Travis.” Sounded like a chorus in the morning mist as it echoed across the crowd of teens. 
It was as if the king himself had arrived. Let the party begin. The grand Panjandrum was here.
Hmmm. If he is this popular it could only mean three things- he is either super nice, very wealthy, or an absolute butthead. Rachael was actually intrigued to see which of the three it could be. 
“Let’s head out.” Travis announced.
And then, as if a royal proclamation had been issued, everyone started their engines and headed south. A short distance ahead there was an island in the middle of the river. Everyone seemed to head directly for it and dock along its beaches or just offshore. Next, each boat unloaded. Some of the girls were carrying towels and small coolers ashore. 
Travis very gingerly assisted each girl as she stepped out of his airboat and into the shallow water. Once everyone was onshore on the small island, a very hot, guy with dark brown- almost black in color- hair walked over. He had tattoos on both forearms and one on his chest. The ones on his forearms were very ornate and almost Celtic in design. The one on his chest was of a wave with a surfboard.
This had to be Ty- the player.
Before anyone else could speak he stuck his hand out in Rachael’s general direction and said,
“Good mornin’, Rachael. I saw you briefly yesterday- but didn’t have an opportunity to introduce myself. I’m Ty.” 
“Nice to meet you, Ty.” Rachael said as she extended her hand and shook Ty’s outstretched hand.
“Hey, Travis.” Ty nodded in Travis’ general direction. Then to Maysie and Shannah, “Ladies. Good mornin’.” 
“You skiing today? I see you brought your ski boat.” Travis asked and looked toward Ty’s very expensive ski boat.
“Yep. And I came over to see if our new friend had any interest in learning to ski.” Ty looked at Rachael.
“I already know how. Thanks anyway. Skiing is one of my favorite hobbies, but today I thought I would focus on mastering the sport of fishing.” 
“Maybe this afternoon then?” Ty asked. Rachael could tell he wasn’t used to being shot down.
“Maybe.”
“Great. I’ll hold you to it.” 
Rachael needed a quick save. She didn’t want to spend the afternoon alone with Ty the player. Surprisingly it was Travis who came to her rescue.
“That’s a fantastic idea. The four of us will all go.”
“Great.” Was Ty’s only response, even though his eyes conveyed he thought it was less than great. 
After Ty walked away, Rachael looked at Travis and muttered a barely audible 
“Thanks.”
“Don’t mention it.” 
Then another group of guys came running over. One was a medium height, very athletically built guy with clean cut good looks and blond spiked hair. Gauging from the change in Maysie’s body language, Rachael could only assume this must be Jason- the running back slash junior Travis didn’t want Maysie to date. 
There were three other guys in this group with Jason. Two identified themselves as Clay and Gabe. Rachael hadn’t heard anything about the two of them yet, but Gabe was certainly a hottie with curly brown hair! When he approached their group he made eye contact with Shannah and smiled widely saying,
“What’s up, Shannah?”
“Not much.” Shannah responded.
Rachael surmised that since Gabe didn’t greet anyone else, he was interested in Shannah. She would bet money on it! 
The other guy Clay was big and stout. He had to be over two hundred pounds, but he wasn’t fat. Fit and muscular rather. He was cute in a boy-next door sort of way. He was also very tall- maybe six feet four inches tall or more. 
Clay had to be a football player. Was Rachael meeting the whole team here or what? Jason was the running back. Clay looked like a lineman. What was Gabe? Rachael was sure she would find out in time. 
The last guy to be introduced was Adam. 
Ah. The ‘too nice’ guy… Rachael thought. Rachael would reserve judgment of that for herself.
So far her only opinion of Adam was he was quiet and good looking. The quiet type- sometimes that was difficult, other times it was intriguing!
While Rachael had been lost in her own thoughts, everyone else was involved in some sort of conversation. She had missed the entire thing and only became aware of them all staring at her when Travis prompted,
“Sound good to you, Rachael?”
“Oh, sure.” Rachael answered.
“Good. Let’s head out.” Travis said grinning at Rachael.
The five guys walked ahead, while the girls followed behind.
“What did I just agree to?” Rachael asked both Maysie and Shannah.
“I could tell you had totally zoned out back there. Are you okay?” Maysie asked.
“Yep. Just a little overwhelmed. Trying to remember everything about everyone I am meeting.”
“Don’t worry. We are experts on all the guys around here.” Maysie grinned.
Shannah chimed in. “You agreed to split up into two groups. Jason and Gabe both brought their fishing boats, so since you said you wanted to go fishing and there are three of us and five guys we’ll need two boats. Maysie is going with Jason, Adam, and Clay. You and I are going to ride with Gabe and Travis.”
“Oh. Good. Poor Maysie. All alone with those three guys? Will you be okay?”
“Okay?” Maysie asked. “Definitely. I know them all really well and I want to spend time with Jason.”
“Besides.” Shannah added “No one messes with Maysie around here. First of all, her brother Travis would kick their butts if anyone messed with her. Second of all, Maysie is like Redneck Royalty in these parts.” Shannah cracked up.
“Shut-up you goofball.” Maysie said.
“Redneck Royalty?” Rachael asked.
“Yep. She was born and raised here- so she’s an insider. Her family has lots of money. And therefore she is accepted here in about any circle. Her father employs a lot of these guys during the summer on his ranch and some of their father’s work for him as well. People depend on the Baxter family around here for a lot more than just friendship.”
They walked up to the boats. Maysie jumped onto the fishing boat with Jason, Adam, and Clay. Clarification… Maysie didn’t have to actually jump into the boat because Adam lifted her into the boat. 
Gabe and Travis walked up to Gabe’s fishing boat. Gabe turned and helped Shannah step in. Travis turned to help Rachael step in. He gently took her hand and assisted her into the boat. 
Gabe slowly backed the boat out. The two boats continued further down the river and stopped at what Rachael assumed must be a prime fishing spot. Rachael and Shannah chatted the whole time about all sorts of things, from tennis to cotillion to life on the Island. Then Travis interrupted them.
“Girls- haven’t y’all been fishing before? You’re supposed to be quiet. We’ll never catch anything at this rate, if you keep jibber-jabbering like that.”
“Of course we’ve been fishin’ before, but I personally don’t care if I catch any fish today.” Shannah stated sarcastically. “What about you Rachael?”
“Well, I would like to catch a fish, and while I have fished before, I would never claim to be any good at it. So my hopes of actually catching one are slim.”
Gabe jumped into the conversation. “What would you rather be doing, Shannah, if I may ask?”
“Swimming.” Shannah answered.
“Well good. Let’s jump in.” Gabe stood up and took off his shirt. 
Shannah did the same. She had on a purple triangle top bikini with white polka dots. She did have rock hard abs! Rachael was jealous. She wanted abs like that too. She would have to ask Shannah later what kind of work-outs she did or what sports she played. In less than a minute Gabe and Shannah had jumped into the water and were treading water a short distance from the boat.
“Well that just leaves us.” Travis said. 
“And the fish.” Rachael added. “And I promise not to talk anymore.”
Travis just laughed. 
“I don’t think you can help it girl. It just seems to be a part of your nature. It’s in you and it’s got to come out.” 
“I guess so. I have never been all that talkative, really.” Rachael stated.
“Hmmm.” Travis thought out loud.
“Hmmm what?” 
“I was just wondering, if you would like to play tennis one day next week?”
Is Travis asking me out on a date or just asking me to get some exercise? Rachael wasn’t sure, but he did know she had a boyfriend. So she figured he was just asking her to play tennis.
“I’d love to. You play tennis?” Rachael asked somewhat surprised. Travis was a cowboy. He didn’t seem like the tennis playing type.
“I’m full of surprises, Rachael.” He answered.
“Where do you play out here?”
“At the house.”
“You have a tennis court at your house?”
“Yes. Two actually. We all play. Maybe we can play doubles. You and I against Maysie and Adam.”
“Don’t you mean Jason?” Rachael felt she had to defend her new friend’s love interests here.
“No. I mean Adam.” 
“What’s wrong with Jason?”
“Nothing’s wrong with him- per se. He is one of my closest friends, so let’s just say I know a lot about him.” Travis cut his eyes at Rachael.
“Like?” 
“Like… I’m not going to tell you.” 
“Humph.” After that, Rachael decided not to say another word.
After about ten minutes of silence, Gabe and Shannah swam back to the boat.
Shannah climbed in with Travis’ assistance followed by Gabe. 
“We figured we better swim back. There is a huge gator sunning him self over on the bank not too far from where we were swimming.” Shannah stated nonchalantly.
“A gator?” Rachael screamed.
“Don’t worry Rachael. He can’t eat you while you’re in the boat.” Travis said. “Now if I toss you overboard- that would be a different story all together.”
“Dude. Don’t joke with her like that. She might think you are serious and Shannah here may have to kick your ass.” Gabe joked.
“Then I’ll shut my mouth. My money is on Shannah. I think she could take us all on. All one hundred pounds of her.” Travis jested.
“That’s always a possibility.” Shannah teased. 
“What- are you a kick boxer or something?” Rachael asked. 
“No. Taekwondo.”
“That explains why you are so fit. I was going to ask earlier but never got the chance. How long have you been doing Taekwondo?” Rachael asked.
“Five years now. I love it. It’s fun.” 
“I would love to see it sometime.” Rachael said.
“Me too.” Gabe added.
Yeah. I’ll bet you would. Gabe made no attempt to conceal his interest in Shannah- it was cute!
“What belt are you?” Rachael continued.
“A Second-degree Black Belt. I currently spar in state held competitions. My opponents are all girls too and are supposed to be around the same weight, height, and rank as I am- but some are really big and tall and TOUGH- if you know what I mean.”
Both Travis and Gabe laughed at the big and tough part. Shannah was actually really funny. Her curt responses and moodiness were just part of her off-color, cut-up personality. Rachael liked her more and more. 
“If you want to drop by tomorrow I can show you some things.” Shannah said more to Rachael, but Gabe promptly said, “That’d be great.” 
Travis and Rachael just smiled and exchanged knowing glances. Everyone could tell how much Gabe liked Shannah. No secret there! 
After two more hours of Shannah and Rachael talking nonstop, very loudly, and scaring off all of the fish, Travis graciously announced, “Well, it’s getting hotter now and the fish aren’t biting- so let’s head back and have some lunch on the island.” 
“Sounds good to me.” Everyone responded in unison.









Chapter Five

When they arrived at the island, they were one of the first two boats back. There was another boat there as well. Rachael didn’t remember this boat from earlier in the day, but there had been so many she was sure she could have missed one. Yet this boat was a lot flashier than the others and was painted pink with a teal stripe. It said The Cowgirl Way on the side in cursive. 
“Fantastic.” Rachael heard Travis mutter under his breath and saw him exchange a glance with Gabe.
“Yep- there she is. The she-devil herself,” Gabe said glumly. Both guys laughed.
“Who’s that?” Rachael asked.
“Misty. Travis’ girlfriend and her bunch.” Shannah replied.
“Ex-girlfriend.” Travis corrected.
“Travis, you know you and Misty won’t stay broken up. You guys are like fire and ice. You’re awful together, but can’t stay away from each other. What is this? The sixth time you’ve broken up?” Shannah chided.
Travis just cut his eyes in Shannah’s general direction as if to say SHUT UP!
“I think it’s the seventh, actually.” Gabe corrected with a grin.
“All right you two. Enough.” Travis spoke with a smile. He never seemed to get really bothered by much of anything.
As they got out of the boat and walked onto the beach, Maysie and the other three guys joined them. They walked in the general direction of Misty and her friends. 
OMG! 
And Rachael thought West Palm had pretty girls. Misty had long brunette hair and blue eyes. She was gorgeous. She had a fantastic figure and wasn’t afraid to flaunt it. She was wearing a pink string bikini triangle top with a matching thong bottom. Her body was about a size four while her breasts were probably a 34D. There was no question about what Travis found attractive in Misty and no doubt about why he would keep going back to her. What sixteen-year-old guy wouldn’t?  
“Hi Travis. Fancy meeting you here.” Misty said. “So who is your new friend?” Misty asked looking in Rachael’s general direction.
“Misty, this is Rachael. Rachael, this is Misty.” Travis said curtly. “I didn’t know you and Melinda and Honey were coming here today.” Travis added, sounding annoyed.
“Well, I stopped by your house and your mama said you were out here so I thought you’d like some company. I didn’t know you already had found some.” Misty said cutting her eyes at Rachael and smiling sweetly. “It’s been less than a week after all Travis.” 
“Oh, we’re just friends. I have a boyfriend back home.” 
“Good,” Misty said coolly. Then she smiled prettily at Travis adding “Would you like to go boating with us later?”
“No. Thank you.” Travis whirled around and said, “Come on guys, let’s go and make some lunch.”
Maysie, Shannah, and Rachael lagged behind a bit and talked among themselves.
Rachael exhaled. “Misty didn’t seem too fond of me.” 
“Don’t let her get to you, Rachael. She’s just jealous. She thinks you have caught Travis’ eye, is all.” Maysie commented.
“Well, I haven’t. And those friends of hers… they were all wearing thongs and had really nice bodies. Are you guys friends with them?” Rachael asked.
“No. Not anymore.” Maysie amended. “At one time I was really close with Melinda and Honey. Melinda is a real bad butt- you gotta watch your back with her. Honey is sweet, while Misty can’t be trusted at all.” 
Shannah smirked. “I think your brother is really upset, Maysie.”
“Yeah, I know. He really cared for her, but after two years he has seen her finally for who and what she really is. He wants nothing to do with her now.” 
Rachael frowned. “Who and what is she?” 
“She lives over in Sarasota County,” Maysie explained. “Her parents own a large ranch. She is a spoiled prima donna who cares about no one else but herself.” 
“If she lives in Sarasota County, which county do we live in? I thought we lived in Fruitville, in Sarasota County?” Rachael was truly confused.
Both girls laughed. 
Shannah answered first. “Fruitville. I hate to disappoint you but you live about ten miles from Fruitville Road, which is in Sarasota County. You live in Manatee County, just past the Sarasota-Manatee County line.”
“So what’s our closest big city?” 
“Myakka City or Bradenton,” Both girls said in unison.
“Myakka City? How big is it? Is there a mall?”
“Small and no- there isn’t a mall. But Sarasota is only a thirty minute or so drive from your house, and Bradenton has good shopping.”
“At least that makes me feel better.”
The three of them joined the guys on the beach where they were now grilling lunch. Rachael could smell the hamburgers and hot dogs cooking and realized she was starving. They sat cross-legged on the beach to eat.
After his unexpected run-in with Misty, Travis was unusually quiet.  When lunch had concluded, Ty came running over to see who wanted to go skiing and tubing. Everyone wanted to go skiing but Travis. He said he would rather take a ride on his airboat. Rachael decided she would rather be with Travis than with Ty and, besides, Travis looked like he could use the company.
“I’ll go with you- if that’s okay.” She volunteered.
“Thanks.” Travis smiled. 
Travis and Rachael walked to his airboat. He held her hand and helped her step in. Travis took her for the fastest boat ride she had ever taken. She was glad she had taken the time to slip into the life vest he had handed her earlier. They saw some amazing things on the water throughout the day. Huge softshell turtles sunning themselves, gators, otters, and even a bald eagle flying overhead. When they reached a place on the river where the water was really shallow, Travis stopped the airboat. 
“Want to take a swim?” He asked.
“Sure. Are there any gators here waiting to chomp my leg off or anything?” 
“No.” He slipped his flip flops off and then his shirt.
Yikes! Maybe swimming had been a bad idea. Travis had an incredible chest and six-pack abs! Maybe if I keep repeating over and over again, a mantra of sorts, “He is not hot, he is just a friend. He is not hot, he is just a friend…” 
Is it working? Hmmm. Try another tactic. Think Colten. Colten. Colten. That’s better. 
“Are you coming?” Travis asked.
“Yep.” Rachael jumped up and slipped off her jeans shorts and tank top. She cannon-balled in! 
“See, you can stand right here.” 
“I can even see some fish.” 
“I’ll teach you something about freshwater in Florida, since I assume you usually only fish saltwater. Right?”
Rachael nodded. 
Travis explained. “Okay. In fresh water, if the water is really clear and clean, there usually aren’t gators around. If the water is murky and dark- there will be gators. I’d never have recommended swimming where Gabe and Shannah swam earlier.”
“He just wanted to see her in a suit,” Rachael offered. 
“You’re a bright girl, Rachael. How old are you?”
“Fifteen.”
“What grade?”
“I’ll be a sophomore this year. And you?” 
“The same, except I’m sixteen. You must have started school young.”
“Yep. I won’t be sixteen until next summer.” Rachael sounded totally bummed.
“That sucks for you. Can’t drive?” 
“Yep. Pretty much.”
“Well if you ever need a ride anywhere, let me know. Maysie can drive you too. Of course, us being twins and all, she is sixteen as well.”
“I kind of figured- I’m a bright girl. Remember?” 
After a little more swimming, they decided to head back. It was mid afternoon and by the time they went back to pick everyone up and make their way back to the boat ramp, it would be nearing dark. Travis climbed onto the airboat first, being careful not to tip it. Travis pulled Rachael out of the water by her arms. It wasn’t her most graceful entrance onto a boat, but it worked. Travis handed her a towel and she dried off and quickly dressed. He turned his back while she dressed and slipped his own shirt on, then his shoes.
Well, he was a gentleman after all! 
Rachael was beginning to think she may actually be able to be close friends with Travis. That thought quickly passed when she and Travis were greeted by Misty and her friends as they passed by. Misty gave her a nasty look, and Melinda shot him the bird.
“I don’t think they like me very much. Being friends with you may prove to be dangerous.”
“Don’t let them bother you. They’ll get used to you soon enough.”
Travis winked, and they were off at warp speed. They got back to the island, where they found Maysie and Shannah talking with some friends. Everyone loaded up, ready to go home. They got back to the boat ramp, loaded the boat and headed back towards what Rachael now knew was Manatee County. 
More exhausted than she realized, Rachael fell asleep on the way home. When she awoke, Travis was carrying her into her aunt’s living room and laying her down on the sofa. He bent over and said softly, “I didn’t want to wake you. You were out. See you around, Rachael.”
Then he turned and let himself out. What a nice guy.
Rachael’s mother walked into the living room and came to sit at the end of the sofa where Rachael was laying down. Rachael bent her knees to make room for her mother.
“Did you have fun, honey? You must have been totally exhausted. I saw you had fallen asleep, and Travis had to carry you inside.”
“I know. I was wiped out. I feel better now. But yes, I’m glad I went. I had a total blast. I met so many new friends, most of them nice.”
“Uh-oh. Spill.” Her mother said.
Rachael told her mother about everything she did today. Starting with the fishing and ending with the swimming. She told her mother about Travis’ ex-girlfriend and her friends. She was glad they lived in Sarasota County and she wouldn’t have to spend a whole lot of time with them in the future- hopefully. Rachael also confessed to her mother she had been totally wrong about Travis. He was a super sweet guy and everything her Aunt Margaret had said he was. She thought they could be good friends and was so glad her dad helped her to make the decision to go.
Her mother suggested she call her father later and tell him this as well. Rachael decided her mother was right and smiled, “I’ll do that right after dinner.” 
Heading down the hall to her room, she closed the door. She decided to check her Facebook page and see how her friends were doing. After she booted her new laptop, she logged onto the internet, then posted a message on her page: Arrived safely. I am alive and well, just outside of Sarasota. I actually get cell phone reception here. Feel free to call me!
She checked her cell phone. She had five missed calls. Two from Colten and three from Brittany, Ellery, and another friend of theirs, Melissa. She decided to call Colten back first. She told him about her amazing day and about the not-so-nice girls. Colten had good news for her. He told her he was coming to visit in a week. His parents thought it would be best for him to come before school started in two weeks because after that he could only come one time per month. They would both have to concentrate on their studies. While Rachael was bummed it would be four weeks between visits, she was glad he was coming next week. Although she missed him, knowing he was coming to visit would make it easier for her to get through the next week until he arrived.
After dinner, Rachael called her father. “Hey Dad. What’s up?”
“Hey, honey. How was your day?”
“FANTASTIC!” Rachael answered emphatically. “I went out on an actual real-life airboat! Of course I wore a life jacket and was totally safe.”
“Wow, an airboat! How exciting!”
“And there were two other girls along- Shannah and Maysie, Travis’s twin sister.”
“So you weren’t all alone with just Travis?”
“Nope.”
“See honey. Things always have a way of working themselves out.”
“For sure. We went fishing, air boating, and then swimming. Everything about the day was amazing… except for the mean girls.” 
“Mean girls?”
“Yes. Travis’ ex-girlfriend, Misty, and her friend Melinda. There was another one named Honey with them, but she is actually really nice according to Maysie and Shannah.”
“Ok. So let me see if I got all this. Misty and Melinda are not nice. Maysie, Shannah, and Honey are nice. Travis is not a jerk after all?”
“That’s right, Dad. Try to keep up.” Rachael said laughing. “Then there are all these guys. Most of them cute, but of course I wasn’t into any of them because I have a boyfriend back home. Got it?”
“Got it.” Then her father added “How’s Mom and Michael?”
“So far so good. Only two days in. I’m going to start to try to locate some friends Michael’s age tomorrow.”
“Good idea, honey. I’m getting a call from the attorney, so can I call you back later?”
“No need. I’m tired. We’ll chat tomorrow.”
“Love ya, honey.”
“Love ya too.”









Chapter Six

The next day Maysie stopped by with Shannah first thing in the morning to see if Rachael wanted to hang out with them for the day. Rachael asked her mom and of course she said yes. 
“Make sure to grab a swimsuit. We may go swimming later at my house.” Maysie announced. 
Rachael was thankful she had found her new bandeau bikini. She didn’t want to wear the skimpy string bikini around Travis again. They were just friends, but there was no need to have her butt hanging out of a bikini two sizes too small.
The girls jumped into Maysie’s convertible, Shannah started talking. Now that she decided she liked Rachael, she was very chatty.
“We’re going to my house today. Maysie and I were talking. We don’t want to scare you or anything, but we were serious when we warned you about Melinda the other day. She is not nice- at all. We just think some self-defense moves might be a good idea before the start of the school year. What better way to learn some self-defense than through Taekwondo?”
“Sure. I’d love that. I have never taken any self-defense classes before or even any martial arts. It seems like now might be the perfect time to start.” Rachael smiled. “Wait a minute. I thought they all lived in Sarasota County.”
“No. Only Misty. And her father’s ranch is technically in both counties. It crosses the county line, so under school district guidelines she can technically attend her districted high school in either county. Of course, unfortunately for all of us, she chooses to attend high school in Manatee County. As for Melinda and Honey, they both go to school with us too.”
“Great.” Said Rachael with false bravado. “Something to look forward to in just two short weeks. I’ll be ready.”
“Way to think positive, Redneck Debutante.” Shannah said.
“That’s your new nickname,” Maysie interjected. “Shannah has one for all of us. I am Redneck Royalty, Shannah is Redneck Roughneck, and after the cotillion conversation you had with her the other day- you’re Redneck Debutante.”
“I like it- but I’m not a redneck.” Rachael protested.
“Not yet.” Shannah corrected. “Live out here long enough, and you’ll become one. Trust me.”
Rachael wasn’t sure how she felt about being called a redneck, but they actually seemed to define the word differently than she’d heard in the past. The term wasn’t negative to them. It was more like a lifestyle than anything else. They certainly weren’t ignorant or rude. Rachael realized she was getting an education about some misconceptions city people, including herself, had about country people. So far, with the exception of Melinda and Misty, all of the other friends she had made had been very welcoming and kind. 
Rachael decided now would be a good time to ask her friends for help with her other dilemma- a friend or two for Michael. She didn’t want him to start the school year without knowing at least one person. 
“Hey, you guys, I kind of need your help with something. I have a little brother, Michael, who is only thirteen. He will be in middle school and I wanted to know if either of you knew anyone around his age. Preferably a boy.”
“Sure. I have a cousin who lives on our family ranch that is thirteen and a boy. His name is Levi. Maybe we can swing back by your house after our self-taught Taekwondo lesson at Shannah’s house and pick up your brother.” Maysie offered. 
“Sounds good. We should probably call your aunt and uncle first to ask if Levi can play today. If they say yes, then I will call my mother and confirm it is all right with her as well.” 
“Good plan, Rachael. I’ll make the call right now.”
Maysie called her Aunt Gwin and made the arrangements. When she hung-up she simply said, “All set. Now you call your mom.”
Rachael dialed her mom’s cell. Her mom answered on the second ring. “Hey, Rachael. Everything okay?”
“Yep. Great. Listen. Maysie has a cousin Michael’s age named Levi. We thought it might be a great idea for him to make a new friend before starting school in two weeks. We have asked Levi’s mom, Maysie’s Aunt Gwin, and she said okay.”
“Gwin Baxter?”
“Yes.”
“Then yes, it’s okay. I went to school with her and her husband Phil Baxter. They were high school sweethearts.”
“Small world.” Rachael thought- out loud.
“Around here anyway.” She laughed. “Okay. What time shall I tell Michael you’ll be picking him up?”
“Around two o’clock.” 
“Okay. See you then.” Her mom ended the call.
Then Rachael said in the general direction of both of her friends in the car, “We’re all set.”
 “Good.” Maysie grinned. 
The girls pulled up to an orange grove with a long sand road down the middle. Maysie drove her convertible down it like an expert. 
Isn’t she afraid of getting stuck? Guess not, Rachael thought as they pulled up to Shannah’s house.
Shannah’s house was an old double-wide trailer. Her yard was very neat and tidy. There weren’t any cars or old trucks up on blocks either. No naked, dirty children running around.
Another misconception about country people ruled out. Rachael laughed at herself inwardly.
Maysie and Shannah are amazing. On the Island this would never happen. Two girls from very different financial backgrounds would never be best friends. Here there weren’t the traditional barriers to friendship Rachael had experienced. No snobbery. No prejudices. 
“Let’s go. My dad has a large open pole barn out back where I can practice at home. I have huge mats and everything.”
The three girls got ready to train. Maysie and Rachael were both wearing sports bras and biker shorts under dance shorts. It was hot outside, and less clothing equaled less sweat. 
“First we are going to stretch.” Shannah announced. “Everyone sit down and follow me.”
“You forget I am a dancer,” Maysie interrupted. “I know how to stretch.”
“I wondered where you got those awesome legs from the first time I met you. Now I know. I’m a dancer too. Maybe we can dance at a studio together here. Where do you take dance? I’ll sign up.” Rachael asked.
“Shhh. More stretching. Less talking,” Shannah joked.
“She is sooo militant about her Taekwondo.” Maysie commented. 
All of the girls were sitting in middle splits when they heard clapping from the back of the barn. Shannah looked up, “You came.”
“I wouldn’t miss this for the world.” Gabe teased watching the girls stretch.
“Oh, no. If you think you came to watch you are sorely mistaken. If you stay, you have to participate.” Shannah demanded.
“Alright, but do I have to do splits?” Gabe sounded alarmed about the possibility of injuring his manhood.
“Yes.”
Gabe came over and sat down. His middle straddle split was nowhere near as flexible as the girls’ splits, but he did it anyhow.
Well at least he has balls… Well, maybe not after this.
After stretching for a solid twenty minutes, Shannah stood and began to explain to them all the basic steps to beginning Taekwondo. “Taekwondo, literally translated, means ‘the way of the foot and fist’ in Korean. Today we are going to learn a series of kicks and punches. The first kick we will learn is the Front Snap Kick.”
Shannah got into her fighting stance with one foot back and one foot forward. She demonstrated the Front Snap Kick. Next she asked everyone to try it. First on the left leg and then on the right. Ten Front Snap Kicks on each side. 
Next Shannah led them through a series of kicks including the Side Kick and Round Kick. After demonstrating and asking everyone else to do ten on each side as well, Shannah walked around the group correcting anything she saw in their stances as well as technique. 
When she walked over to Gabe, she was amazed at how good his technique was. It was too good. She watched him very carefully. Every part of his body was in perfect position. The angle of his hip from the start of the kick through to the rotation of his hip while bringing his leg around. 
“How am I doing Master?” Gabe asked. 
“I don’t know. You tell me? You obviously have a lot of experience in Taekwondo. What belt are you?” Shannah asked annoyed.
“Let’s just call it beginner’s luck.” Gabe grinned.
“I don’t think so.” Shannah responded.
“You want to spar over it?” Gabe laughed.
“Sure.” Then Shannah called over to her friends. “Ladies, clear the mat. Gabe, suit up.”
Shannah gestured to the pile of equipment she had hauled out of her storage closet in the barn for today’s practice. She didn’t expect to actually spar today, but it looked like she would need to use the equipment now whether she had planned to or not. Both she and Gabe donned head gear, chest guards, foot guards, shin guards, and hand guards. Shannah popped in her mouthpiece. 
“Sorry I don’t have a mouthpiece for you, Gabe.”
“You wouldn’t want to mess up my pretty smile? Ah. How sweet.” Gabe teased.
“Uh oh,” Maysie warned. “Do we need to call an ambulance now?”
“For me, or for Gabe?” Shannah asked sarcastically.
“Gabe, of course,” Maysie replied.
“Don’t underestimate him, ladies. I think he was faking the bad split. He is at least a Second-degree Black Belt. Maybe even a Third-degree.”
“I guess you’ll find out.” Gabe smirked.
Both Shannah and Gabe stepped back into their fighting stances. The two opponents began to size each other up. Shannah was beginning to think she might actually enjoy this- as long as Gabe didn’t kick her butt. 
“You can start anytime, Miss Shannah.” Gabe said.
At that remark, Shannah’s eyes narrowed.
“Uh, oh,” Maysie poked Rachael. “That’s a slap in the face. Shannah told me once that an instructor was only called ‘sir’ or ‘miss’ when he or she possessed less than a Fourth-degree Black Belt. So, he’s technically correct. Shannah can only be called ‘Miss’, not Master. But he’s really playing mind games with her, trying to push her buttons.” 
“I’m out of uniform, Shannah. You find me at a disadvantage,” Gabe said and just then Shannah landed a Round Kick to his side. 
Gabe quickly countered with a Side Kick to her chest, hitting her square in her chest guard. 
Shannah hit Gabe with a Front Snap Kick followed, by a Midsection Punch to Gabe’s solar plexus.
Gabe faked a High Punch to Shannah’s nose and then followed with a real Round Kick, catching her square in her solar plexus. 
With that kick, Gabe sent Shannah to the mat. Gabe was concerned and ran over to kneel beside her. “I didn’t mean to kick you so hard.” 
That’s when Shannah hit him with a Low Punch, striking him in the groin. “No, me neither.” 
Gabe rolled on the ground.
Maysie jumped up to check on both of them. “Are you both okay?”
“Never better.” Shannah said through gritted teeth.
“Feelin’ great.” Gabe said in a deep, guttural voice.
“Come on, Maysie.” Rachael took her by the arm. “Let’s leave these two to kill each other in peace.”
Maysie and Rachael headed toward the door and paused for a moment to cool off, helping themselves to a soda out of the refrigerator. 
“So what are you?” Rachael heard Shannah ask Gabe.
“Third-degree Black. Can we call it a truce?” Gabe managed.
“No, I want a rematch.” Shannah sneered.
“Well, I want a kiss.” 
Rachael poked her head around the corner. Before Shannah could protest, Gabe leaned over and kissed her. Rachael grinned, jabbed Maysie with her elbow, and the two of them tiptoed away from the barn. 
Rachael and Maysie delayed a while inside Shannah’s house, grabbing a coke for each of their friends. A while later, back at the barn, they stood and watched, not believing what they saw. 
“Well, it’s about time y’all start going out.” Maysie said sweetly. 
“I haven’t said yes yet.” Shannah proclaimed. 
“Oh, but she will.” Gabe winked and kissed her again. He got slowly to his feet and said, “Sorry ladies. It was fun but I gotta run. Shannah- I’ll call you later.” And with that he was gone.
The girls sat around for the next few hours chatting. Maysie suggested they continue training tomorrow, when Shannah wasn’t so worn out. They grabbed lunch and headed back to Rachael’s house to pick up Michael and drop him at Levi’s house. 
Michael was so excited to get to go to a friend’s house that he was ready to go as soon as they got there. They dropped him at Levi’s house on Baxter Ranch and continued down the long ranch road to the main house. 
And what a house it was…
The Baxter Family ranch house was a mansion. It was a large, sprawling pale blue board house with white shutters, and deep wrap around porches on three sides. It had a grand, wide staircase leading up to the front porch made of stone. The porch rails and stair handrails were all painted white. There was huge, over-sized white wicker furniture on the porch as well as rocking chairs. Rachael would have to hear the story on this house. 
In the distance, Rachael could see a horse barn that probably held twenty or more horses. There was a round pen and several paddocks behind the barn as well. Rachael saw the horses grazing in the paddocks and wished she knew how to ride. 
To the right of the house Rachael could see the exercise area. There was an enormous pool, basketball court, and tennis courts. This house and its outside areas reminded her of something she would have seen back home, except it sat on several thousand acres rather than a tenth of an acre.
“Rachael, are you coming?” Maysie asked.
“Yes. Sorry. This just reminded me of home.”
“The ranch?” Shannah asked.
“No. The tennis and basketball courts. It made me miss home.”
“Don’t be sad. You’ll be going home for a visit again soon, I’m sure.” Maysie consoled her.
Of course neither Maysie nor Shannah knew why Rachael had moved here in the first place. She would tell them in time, but not today. 
“So tell us about your boyfriend.” Shannah prompted.
The girls walked inside and plopped down in the sitting room at the front of the house. 
“Colten gave me some good news yesterday.” Rachael announced.
“What is it?” Maysie sat up straighter, her eyes sparkling with excitement.
“He is coming to see me next week. I can’t wait. It will be two weeks since I said goodbye to him.”
“Wow. I bet he is excited too.” Shannah added. “So what day is he coming? Can we meet him?”
“Monday. I would love for you both to meet him. I am not sure how long we will be apart. The really good news is his parents did give him permission to come see me one weekend every month. That’s something to look forward to.” 
“If you don’t mind me asking, why did you move over here anyhow? Palm Beach is so nice and has a lot more shopping and restaurants than we do.” Maysie stated.
“A lot more of everything.” Shannah sighed.
Well I hadn’t planned to share all of this today, but there was no time like the present. So here it goes.
Rachael shared everything. It was much harder repeating everything than she thought it would be. It made her work through underlying emotions she hadn’t even realized she was feeling. She cried when she told them about her father and the fact he could even go to prison. She told them that, while she missed Colten and her friends terribly, she missed her father the most. When she finished both girls were teary eyed and hugged her.
“That’s awful.” Maysie sobbed.
“What’s awful?” came Travis’ voice from the foyer. 
“Oh, nothing.” Maysie told a little white lie. “They’re closing my favorite store at the mall and I’m devastated. Absolutely devastated.” 
“So devastated it made all three of you cry?” Travis asked.
“Yes. It’s just awful. Plain awful.” Shannah said with exaggerated sadness.
“You girls and your shopping. I’ll never understand women.” Then Travis turned to Rachael, “Hey, Rachael, Aunt Gwin called and said your brother is ready to go home. I guess Levi is going to your house to sleep over tonight. I am taking them both to your house now. Would you like to catch a ride?”
“Sure. I’m tired. Maysie, Shannah, would you mind terribly if I go now?”
“No. Of course not. See you soon.” Maysie said.
“See ya, girl.” Shannah waived bye.
After the deep conversation Rachael was emotionally drained and ready to go home. Travis walked her out to his truck and opened the door for her. She jumped in and he closed it. He came around and climbed in the front seat. Before starting the engine he turned to Rachael and asked, “Are you okay?”
“Yes. I am. Just a little tired.”
“Okay.” 
Rachael knew Travis had figured out she was not okay, but he was not going to pry further. They rode, not talking, to pick up her brother and Levi. At least the boys were happy! The two thirteen-year-olds chatted non-stop all the way to the house. That made Rachael smile. At least she could feel good about that today. She had accomplished her goal of getting a friend for her brother.  
When Travis dropped them off, Rachael jumped out and practically ran inside. She had never been so relieved to be home. She had had a good day. She was just worn out and needed some rest. She talked to her mom and Aunt Margaret briefly, ate an early dinner, and went to read another message from Colten on her picture frame.
My next visit is right around the corner.









Chapter Seven

Rachael woke up to the sound of the crowing rooster, again, sometime way before dawn.
Darn that rooster!! 
I think chicken for dinner sounds like a good idea. Maybe fried. Rachael covered her head with the pillow in an attempt to drown out the incessant crowing. Okay! Enough already. I’m up.
Rachael crawled out of bed. She had never been much of a coffee drinker, but with this rooster getting her up so early every day and all, she was going to have to start. She just couldn’t make it through her day- getting up at five o’clock. She was turning into her grandma! Up before dawn and in bed at seven o’clock. What was happening to her? Country life was aging her prematurely.
She ran over to the mirror to take a closer look- nope. Still the same youthful face. I just feel old is all.
Rachael stomped down the hall to the kitchen to grab that cup of coffee. When she got to the kitchen she could smell the coffee was already brewing. 
Who else would choose to get up this early? 
Just then she saw her mother sitting at the long bar in the kitchen. “Rooster?”
“Rooster.”
They both shared a knowing smile.
“How are things going, honey?” Her mother asked.
“Great. It’s only been a few days, but I feel like I have made a few really great friends in Shannah and Maysie. They are both just so real and sincere.” She paused. “More real than a lot of the girls I know back home.”
“Good. I am glad. Your brother seems to have made a great friend in Levi. I think they were up until really late last night- maybe two or three in the morning! They were in your brother’s ‘game lounge’, as he calls it, until really late. I sure am glad that thing is soundproofed.”
“Me too.” Rachael sighed. “I didn’t hear a thing. I slept really hard. Even with the rooster and all, I feel much better.”
“Good. I got a call from my good friend Lonnie last night after you were asleep.” 
“Oh. How is she?” Rachael walked over to the coffee pot. She poured herself a cup, added two teaspoons of sugar- okay maybe I’ll need three- she added another and then lots of milk. Rachael took a deep sip- perfect.
Lonnie was her mother’s nearest and dearest friend back home in Palm Beach. She and her mother were part of the Women’s League there and had worked together to organize many charity events and fundraisers for the women’s shelter and soup kitchen. Lonnie was trustworthy and kind, Rachael had always really liked her. 
Rachael walked back over to her barstool and sat down.
“Lonnie wanted me to know the news of our family’s business concerns had finally made the front page of the paper.”
“Oh. Great.”
“She said the article was slanted and really went for more of a shock and awe type of effect. It paints your father in a less than good light. This is the scandal part of it all I was waiting for. I guess now we will see who our true friends are.” 
Her mother, while not exactly happy, didn’t seem all that stressed by this news either. But, remembering the conversation she had with her father on the drive over to the coffee shop on the morning she left, Rachael decided to not let outward appearances fool her. She needed to dig a little deeper here and find out how her mother was really feeling.
“How do you feel about all of this, Mom?” 
“I’m okay.” Then as if she wanted to convince Rachael further she continued. “Really. It is your father I am more concerned with. We all have each other. We are over here where no one knows of our unfortunate situation. He is there. Alone. That is my biggest concern. I called him last night. He sounded really down.”
Rachael thought for a moment in silence and then said
“I have an idea, Mom. Why don’t you go spend the week with Dad. Michael and I are in good hands with Aunt Margaret. She wouldn’t let anything happen to us. Besides- once we start school there won’t be an opportunity for quite a while. This may be the last week you can go. You and Dad need some alone time. Just the two of you. This family began with the two of you. To keep it strong- you two need to be strong- together. Go. We will be fine. I promise.”
“You are so wise honey. I think that is a great idea.” 
Rachael knew the thought of going to see her husband had probably already crossed her mother’s mind, but without Rachael’s suggestion her mother never would have gone. Rachael suggesting it made her mother feel confident it was the right choice. 
“By the way, Mom. I got good news from Colten. He is coming to visit next week.”
“That’s great news! How long is he staying?” 
“Not sure. I didn’t ask. Even if it is for only one day it will be worth it. I miss him.”
“Good. I am going to pack an overnight bag. I will probably go for the week as long as your aunt is okay with it.”
“I’m sure she will be.”
After her mother left the room, Rachael took some breakfast and her coffee to her bedroom and checked some emails. There were a bunch of new messages on her Facebook wall.
So sorry to hear about your family’s major bad news. – Jessica
Bummed out over your move. - Monica
Thinking of you! - Ellery
Need anything, just call. – LeighAnn
This sucks!!!! – TJ
Hang in there. – Mark
Have fun and buy lots of stuff in Sarasota! – Brittany
Rachael laughed. There was Brittany and her one track-mind! As long as a girl had shopping, she could survive anything.
Well that was surprising! This is not what she had expected. An overwhelming show of support from all of her friends. Maybe things wouldn’t be so bad after all. She had over two hundred friends on her page and she had small notes posted from most of them. Rachael continued reading for over the next hour. 
Then she realized. That’s strange. No note from Colten. 
She shook her head. She was probably reading too much into it. She had spoken with him almost every day since her move and he probably just didn’t see any need to post something on her page when he got to talk to her person-to-person over the phone each day. 
Rachael jumped when she heard the doorbell. Still dressed in boxers and a tank top, she decided to answer the door. As far as she knew she was still the only one up- other than her mother of course who was probably busy packing. Her brother and Levi were certainly still sleeping. And she hadn’t seen or heard her Aunt Margaret up yet either. She jumped up and sprinted down the hall to answer the door before the person decided to ring it yet again.
When she opened the door, a man the likes of which she had never seen before was standing there! He wasn’t exactly clean-cut. He was shirtless, rockin’ a huge beer gut, and had on a pair of worn camouflage shorts that hung way too low in the front. She was afraid to see the backside of those shorts. He was also barefoot. His feet were absolutely filthy- covered in mud, grass, and other debris. He had a large chunk of something in his lower lip that she could only assume was dip or chewing tobacco- she couldn’t be sure. He had at least a two- or three-day growth of beard, but obviously shaved on occasion, but not regularly. Finally, Rachael noticed he was covered in a white dust from head to toe. Maybe he was into carpentry- drywall, masonry, or something like that. 
Rachael was torn between slamming the door and running down the hall OR being intrigued by this new character she had never met. Just then he spoke-
“Mornin’ ma’am. You must be Miss Rachael. I am JJ. Nice to meet ya. Is yur aunt here?”
“She is still sleeping, sir. Would you like for me to wake her?”
“No. That’s all right. It’s jus ole’ lonesome George has gotten into my Millet and Bahia field again. He is eatin’ it all up, and I won’t have enough seed top for my dove and quail.”
Okay. Am I stupid or something? It is like this guy is speaking a foreign language. 
“Ole’ lonesome George?” Rachael asked.
“Yes. Ma’am. I put a lead rope on ‘im. If you would be willin’ to come lead ‘im home, I’d appreciate it. He just doesn’t take to me- or most men in general.”
“Who is ole’ lonesome George?” Rachael asked again.
“Yur aunt’s pet.” 
“Sure.” Rachael said, but wasn’t exactly sure what she was getting herself into. “Let me grab some sneakers.”
Rachael went down to her bedroom and put on her sneakers. She wasn’t certain how far of a walk this would be, so she wanted to make sure she was comfortable. Then she knocked on her mother’s door and explained the situation.
“Oh. Tell JJ I said hello.” Her mother said and went back to packing.
Obviously this JJ was a decent guy. Otherwise her mother would never suggest she go off alone with him.
Another misconception about country people corrected. Don’t let appearances be your guide. He may appear rough and tough, but deep down he’s probably a big teddy bear. Rachael smiled to herself once again.
When Rachael appeared back at the front door, JJ was waiting patiently outside by his truck. At the sight of this truck Rachael stopped dead in her tracks. 
It was painted perhaps red or that could have just been all of the rust. Rachael couldn’t tell. It had a flat bed on the back where there was a large, metal framed dog cage with four dog compartments- each holding a dog. The dogs, all Beagles, were barking very loudly as Rachael began to walk up.
“Don’t pay ‘em no mind, Miss Rachael. They’re just talkin’.” 
As Rachael approached the vehicle she saw that on top of the dog box there was a large bench seat- she could only assume was used for hunting or sightseeing. The side of the truck said ‘Honcho’. What that meant- she couldn’t figure out. Was Honcho JJ’s nickname, the truck’s name (you know how guys always named their cars, trucks, and boats) or the make of the truck (as in Chevy, Ford, Honcho?). It was a mystery to her.
As JJ opened Rachael’s door he said, “Mind my cans of snuff and excuse the mess, Miss Rachael.”
Rachael tried not to stare, but she had never seen so much stuff in a vehicle before. There were mason jars and empty soda cans all over the floor. There were probably five small, round canisters of snuff- some sort of chewing tobacco product Rachael guessed. The real kicker was the five rifles leaning against the front seat. They were just sort of propped against the seat with their barrels pointing down. Rachael had never been around firearms before.
I hope none of these goes off and hits me in the foot…
Just then JJ fired up the Honcho and they were off- not exactly flying down the driveway- more like a crawl. When they got out to the main road, Rachael jumped out and opened and closed the gate behind them. When she jumped back in, JJ began to speak.
“I live jus roun’ the corner here.” 
Rachael soon became aware that just around the corner meant about five miles around the corner! She certainly was thankful she had put on sneakers. Just then they passed Travis’ truck on the road. JJ waived and so did Travis. 
Rachael thought she saw Travis laughing as he drove past them. She looked in her side-view mirror and saw he was turning around. He caught up to them, of course, since they couldn’t be driving any faster than fifteen miles per hour. Rachael could see him grinning at her in her mirror.
“So yu’ve met Travis?” JJ asked with a sideways grin. Rachael got a clear view of his chew, some spit just getting ready to run down his chin.
She nodded a quick yes.
“Could you han’ me one of those spit cans, Miss Rachael?”
“Sure.” She answered, finding a nasty looking tin can on the seat beside her filled with a dark brown spit-like stuff. 
I think I’m going to throw-up. Okay, I am not into guys that dip. 
She had heard of girls that had dated guys who dipped- it certainly wasn’t Rachael’s thing. If Colten started chewing tobacco tomorrow- I might have to rethink our whole relationship.
Rachael handed JJ the can. In an attempt to focus her attention on something other than snuff, she asked “JJ, I was wondering what the Honcho on the side of your truck meant.”
“Well, Miss Rachael, what you are ridin’ in here is a genuine piece of American culture. This here Jeep Honcho is a 1978 J-series, J10 pickup truck.”
“This interior,” Rachael said, rubbing the seat. “Is it really denim?”
“Why, yes it is. Part of the upgraded manufacturer Levi interior. That there CB radio was part of that upgrade too. Just in case you wanted to know. Yes this vehicle is a real classic. ‘Honcho is Mucho Macho’.”
“What does that mean exactly?”
“Don’t know. It was the ad the year I bought it, but now it is my CB handle. Mucho Macho Honcho. That’s me.”
“Really.” Rachael stifled her laugh.
“CB still works. Wanna give it a try?”
“No. That’s okay, JJ.”
Then they pulled into his long driveway and up to a beautiful, pale yellow Victorian farm house. She and JJ jumped out, but didn’t go far. 
Travis jumped out of his truck and strode over to say hi to them. “Good mornin’, Mr. JJ. Did ole’ lonesome George get into your field again?”
“He sur did. Miss Rachael here has cum to lead ‘im home.” 
“She did?” Travis said with obvious surprise.
“Yep. Sur’ did.” JJ responded. “Well, let’s get’er dun’.”
The three of them walked out back to a barbed wire fence where Rachael saw a beautiful field of tall grasses. There were two types, both had tall green stems with a v-shaped seed growing on top. This must be the Millet and Bahia field JJ had referenced earlier. 
“Well, ther’ he is.” JJ said.
Rachael about passed out. She could only assume the enormous bull she saw standing in the pasture was ole’ lonesome George! 
This was her Aunt Margaret’s pet? 
“That’s ole’ lonesome George?” Rachael asked in a near hysterical voice. “Oh. No way am I leading that beast back.”
“Are you skeered?” Travis teased.
“Ah, yeah.” Rachael made no attempt to conceal her apprehension.
“Well, you don’t have to be, Miss Rachael. He luvs women. Jus’ go say hi.” 
JJ said this as if petting a one thousand pound animal was an everyday, commonplace occurrence for Rachael- and it certainly was not. But she had come this far and she didn’t want to look like a ‘Hoity Toity city kid’ in front of Travis- so she figured-
Here it goes.  And then added…
Lord please forgive me all me sins. She decided to seek absolution in case she died!
She walked over to the barbed wire fence. Should she go through it or over it? She wasn’t sure. That’s when Travis came to her rescue.
“You hold the bottom wire like this and then climb through.” 
When Rachael just stared at him, he smiled, “Here. I’ll do it for you.”
Striding over to the fence, he held it down with his boot and muttered, “Redneck Debutante.”
Rachael’s head snapped up, and she shot him a quizzical look.
“Eventually Maysie tells me everything. We are twins after all. There isn’t much we don’t share.” Travis smiled.
Rachael hoped that by everything, Travis didn’t mean that Maysie had shared the news of her family’s situation.
Rachael climbed through the fence, ole’ lonesome George just lifted his head in acknowledgment of Rachael’s presence. He sniffed the air.
“He is jus’ windin’ yu. Go on.” JJ reassured Rachael.
“Okay.”
Rachael walked forward slowly and extended her had to ole’ lonesome George. He came towards her. She was suddenly very nervous and stood very still while he made his way to her. He stopped just short of her hand and reached his nose out to sniff her.
“See he likes yu.” JJ added. “Now gently pet his face and then scratch his neck.”
“Sure thing.” Rachael said sarcastically.
Rachael was amazed. Ole’ lonesome George seemed to really like her. She petted him and scratched him. Within minutes she forgot he was this amazingly, giant animal!! Next, going on instinct, she gently picked up the lead rope and asked “Where to?”
“Why don’t you lead him home through our ranch?” Travis suggested. “It will be much safer than leading him out on the main road.”
Rachael nodded. She saw a metal gate in the back corner that led out to a large pasture where she saw other cattle grazing in the distance. 
“Through that gate?” She nodded in the direction of the gate.
“Yep. Here. I’ll open it for you.” Then Travis climbed through the barbed wire fence with agility and ease.
“I thought he didn’t like men?” Rachael asked.
“No, just other men. I gave him to your Aunt Margaret when he was a calf. I have known him his entire life. He likes me. I’ll walk you home.”
“Oh.” 
Travis told JJ he would be back for his truck later after he walked Rachael home.
While they were walking, Travis said, “I was on my way to your house this morning to pick up Levi for my aunt and uncle when I passed y’all on the road.”
“Oh. He and Michael are still sleeping. They were up playing video games until really late last night or early this morning, rather.”
“Then it’s a good thing I stopped to help you. That way they can sleep in.” After a brief pause Travis added, “I hope I didn’t offend you back there. I was just joking about the Redneck Debutante thing.”
“Oh. That. No I just wondered what else Maysie had told you.”
“Only that your boyfriend is coming to visit this next week. That sounds exciting.” Travis glanced over at Rachael.
Rachael was relieved it wasn’t about her family’s financial ruin.
“Yes, I’m excited. I’ll only be able to see him every four weeks once the school year starts.”
“Oh. That’s no fun.”
“No. But I have made some good new friends and that makes it all a little easier.” A few steps later, she inquired, “Travis, do you mind if I ask you about Misty?”
“No. Ask away.”
“You guys only broke up a week ago?”
“Actually nine days ago now.” Travis said. 
“You’re keeping an exact count?”
“I guess I am.” Travis laughed. “We went out for a really long time. In the end, it is just that we are two totally different people who wanted different things out of our relationship. That’s all.”
“Maysie said she is spoiled and self-centered.”
“She is. I didn’t want to be with someone like her long-term. That’s what dating is for, right? Getting to know someone? Seeing if you are compatible? If not, you end it.”
“I guess. That sounds so businesslike.”
“Not at all.” Travis responded. “We went out for two years. Breaking up was not an easy choice Rachael. How long have you and Colten been together?”
“Six months.”
“So you are just getting to know him. Really getting to know someone takes a long, long time. My parents have been married for eighteen years and they’re still getting to know each other.”
“You must really be close with them. I thought I was close with mine, but I have never had that conversation with them before.” Rachael commented and wondered if she should have that type of talk with her mother too.
Then Rachael noticed Travis was wearing a ring on his left ring finger. It was beautiful. White gold with a wide, tapered band. It had a rugged cross at its center on top with a simple circle around it. Rachael noticed that Maysie also had a similar ring, but hers was more ornate. It had diamonds and a cross as well. What did those rings mean?
Travis saw Rachael eyeing his ring and smiled. “Caught you. You’re staring at my ring.” 
“Oh sorry. I was just wondering if it was from Misty.”
“Hardly.” Travis laughed out loud.
“I saw your sister has one too, but hers is different.” 
“You’ve never seen a purity ring before?” Travis asked skeptically.
“Not really. I have heard of them. It’s like some sort of agreement.” Rachael felt herself majorly blushing. She never would have asked about the ring if she had realized what it was. She certainly didn’t want to know about Travis’ purity agreement about chastity- and all that other stuff- with his parents and God.
“Don’t be embarrassed, Rachael. It’s just a purity ring. It’s where you make an agreement between yourself and your parents before God to take a vow of purity. Some families sign a contract and everything. In our family we just make a promise to our parents to make certain choices and not do certain things.” Travis gestured toward Rachael’s hand. “I see you’re not wearing one.”
Now Rachael was crimson, almost purple in color. This certainly wasn’t the conversation she expected to have with Travis when she began this walk. 
“Nope. Don’t have one- that’s not because I am impure or anything.”
Yikes!! Where is this conversation heading?
“Well, here we are. We’re home.” She said, not knowing what else to say and quickly changed the subject. “So school starts in a week. Are you excited about getting back to school?”
“You are funny, girl.” Travis just smiled. He didn’t answer her question. 
Rachael was still blushing. I guess the secret is out- I’m a virgin. Any girl who couldn’t even discuss a purity ring was definitely innocent and somewhat naïve. 
“Thanks for walking us home.” She said in reference to both her and ole’ lonesome George.  
“See you around, Rachael.” Travis strutted away. He had a cowboy way of walking that only cowboys had. 
Rachael watched him go. As always, he was wearing his cowboy hat and it made him extremely attractive. “I could just die.” She muttered out loud.
“Why?” She heard her aunt ask.
Rachael whirled around. She hadn’t known her aunt was standing just inside the barn doors. “Oh, hi, Aunt Margaret. Ole’ lonesome George and I have just walked all the way home. We are tired and hot.”
It was the actual truth. There’s really no need to go into the details of my uncomfortable ring conversation with Travis.
“Well let’s put him away and go inside to have a nice cool glass of sweet tea.” her aunt suggested.
“Sounds good to me.” 









Chapter Eight

Rachael’s mom had left for Palm Beach. Rachael decided in her mother’s absence it would be best if she stayed close to home for a few days. Now she had formed a bond with ole’ lonesome George, she felt like she needed his company as much as he needed hers.
Of course she and Colten would talk on the phone every evening before bed. They planned what they would do during his visit next week. Rachael debated on asking Travis to take Colten air boating or something exciting like that, but she knew this would be their last visit for a month and she didn’t want to share her time with him with anyone. 
Even Brittany and Ellery had called to ask when he would be visiting. Both of them wanted to come with Colten on Monday. While it would be nice to see all of her friends, Rachael thought she should save that for another time. Another visit. Perhaps when she got an opportunity to go to Palm Beach.
Rachael spent each day out in the pasture visiting with George. She would take her iPod outside with her and just sit in George’s pasture reading a book or talking on her cell.
After several days of this, she fell into a routine, just her and ole’ lonesome George. Rachael sat one day pondering George’s lonely existence. Why did he feel the need to leave and go eat JJ’s grass? He had perfectly good grass right here. 
Sometimes Rachael would watch George watching the other cattle grazing far-off in the distance and wonder what he was thinking. On occasion, some of the other cows would come right up to George’s fence and visit him through the board fence. 
“What are you doing?” Maysie asked, startling Rachael.
“Hey. I am just sitting here watching George and pondering his solitary bull existence.”
“He is a steer, actually.” Maysie corrected.
“Steer?” Rachael asked.
“Yes- he is no longer a bull. He was supposed to be ‘food’ and that is why he was turned into a steer. Then the cow that was his mom passed away due to an illness. That’s when Travis asked your aunt if she would like to raise him. She said yes- and well- here he is.”
“Is he still going to be food?” Rachael asked with some hesitation.
Maysie giggled and said…
“No. Of course not. After your aunt got him, he became so gentle that he became a permanent pet. He will probably live to be one of the oldest steers alive.” 
“How old is George now?” Rachael asked.
“He is two years old now.”
“He just seems lonely. I think he would like a friend. Maybe a cow girlfriend. What’s a young girl cow called?”
“You mean a heifer?” Maysie asked.
“Yes, exactly. A heifer girlfriend. Where can I get one?” 
Maysie was really laughing now. “I think you better ask your Aunt Margaret first. If she says yes, I can ask my dad or Travis to bring you the next heifer dobie calf.” 
“Dobie?” Rachael asked, intrigued.
“Yes. An orphaned calf.” 
“Sounds great.” Rachael answered.
“So how are you? Shannah and I haven’t heard from you in several days and we were worried.”
“Oh. I’m fine. It’s just my mom is out of town. She went to see my Dad back home, and I haven’t wanted to go anywhere because of my brother.”
“I was hoping I could interest you in a game of tennis. Jason is over at our house with Travis. They have been swimming all morning. I thought if you came over we could play a doubles match. What do you think?” Maysie asked.
“I don’t know. I don’t want to leave Michael all alone.” 
“Don’t worry. I have the perfect plan- we can pick Levi up on the way. He has been begging to play with your brother. They can swim and play at our house.”
“Okay. It sounds like a good plan and all. But what about your brother? I thought he said he didn’t want you to hang out with Jason? Right?”
“How can I help it? I didn’t ask him to bring him over to our house? I live there too, you know.” Maysie smiled sweetly.
“Yes. But there is something you don’t know. Your brother asked me to play tennis when we were air boating. I suggested he invite Jason over to play doubles with you, he insisted on Adam. He was adamant. Won’t it look like I went behind his back and set this up so you could play tennis with Jason anyway?”
“How could it? I didn’t know about that conversation, and this is all my idea.” 
“Okay- but if Travis gets angry don’t say I didn’t warn you.” Rachael warned.
“Oh, pooh. Nonsense. Let’s get going- and don’t forget your suit and tennis clothes. Besides, I think you need to get out. You’re sitting here talking to George and pondering his lonely existence. Talk about lonely.”
Rachael was laughing her butt off.
“You are absolutely right.” She turned to George “Bye. See you later.”
“See. That’s exactly what I was talking about.”
The girls went inside, and Rachael grabbed her swimsuit, tennis clothes, and racket. She told Michael about their plan. He was so excited. He grabbed his swimsuit and put on some flip flops. They were all ready to go. They stopped by and picked up Levi on their way.
When they got there Travis and Jason were still in the pool. It looked like Gabe had come over to join the party too. 
“Hey ladies.” Gabe said. “Where’s Shannah?”
“I think she’s at home. She was over yesterday.” Maysie answered.
“Is she still miffed at me?” Gabe asked.
“I think a little.” Maysie confided. “You did kick her after all.”
“Kick her?” Both Travis and Jason asked in unison.
“Not like that guys. We were sparring.” Gabe confessed.
“Oh, no, you didn’t?” Jason jested.
“Yep. I did. And she figured out that I actually have a Third-degree Black Belt and she was ticked at me.”
“I hope she kicked your butt.” Travis laughed.
“Pretty much.” Maysie teased.
“Come on Maysie. Call her and ask her to come over. For me. Pleeeaaasssee.” Gabe begged.
“Oh. I’ll call her and ask her, but I don’t think she’ll come.” Maysie took out her cell and dialed Shannah.
“Hey. What’s up?” Shannah asked.
“Well, I just picked up Rachael and we are getting ready to go swimming and play doubles. Want to join us?”
Out of the corner of her eye, Rachael could see Travis glance at her when Maysie said the word ‘doubles’.
Uh oh. He’s onto Maysie’s plan. 
Shannah evidently asked who else was there, because Maysie answered cautiously, “Oh. It’s just Travis, Jason, Rachael, her brother- Michael, Levi, me, and Gabe.”
“No way. Not after that kiss thing the other day. Sorry girl. Tell Rachael I’ll stop by to say hi at her house tomorrow. See y’all later.”
Maysie ended the call and announced. 
“Sorry Gabe. It’s a no go, especially after that kiss thing the other day.”
“OOOOOOHHHHH.” Both of the other guys said in unison. 
“I hope there is a rematch. Now she’ll really kick your butt.” Jason said.
“No. She likes me. She just doesn’t know it yet.” Gabe replied confidently.
Travis jumped out of the pool under the guise of getting a soft drink from the bar area, over near where Rachael was standing. Maysie turned to walk inside and get changed into her suit. Jason and Gabe were roughhousing in the pool.
“Doubles?” Travis asked, grabbing a soda.
“Not my idea. Talk to your sister.” Rachael shot back.
“Sure it wasn’t.” He said taking a sip of soda.
“No. Seriously it wasn’t.” Rachael was annoyed. She would never lie about something so stupid.
“Okay, I believe you. I just think it’s a bad idea and all. Let’s just say that Jason is a little worldlier than Maysie.”
“Maysie is a bright girl. Just warn her. If she and Jason decide to start dating, there’s nothing you can do about it.” Rachael whispered.
“He’s my friend- but I will kill him if he hurts her.” 
“He won’t. I don’t think he will even date her because he is your friend. If he likes ‘worldlier’ girls as you so delicately put it- then Maysie isn’t his type anyway.”
“You’re right. Thanks, Rachael. Doubles it is.”
Just then Gabe jumped out of the pool. He toweled off and said
“See you man. Gotta run.”
“Where are you headed?” Travis asked.
“To see Shannah. I can’t stand the fact she is mad at me.”
“Don’t do it man!” Travis warned. “This could end badly. That girl is mad at you.”
“Not for long.” Gabe disappeared out of the pool cage. 
Just then Maysie came out wearing a very pretty, conservative one piece swimsuit. Travis looked her over approvingly. 
“See. I told you she is smart.”
“I know. She’s my sister. It runs in the family.” Travis said with a wink. Then asked, “Are you coming swimming?”
“Yep.”
“Where’s your swimsuit?” 
“I already have it on. Underneath this outfit, of course.”
Travis gave Rachael the once over. She had on a thin tank and some cotton shorts.
“Good.” Was his only response, and he threw her over his shoulder, screaming, and jumped into the pool.
“Just when I was beginning to think I liked you.” Rachael said when she came up for air. 
“Good. I like it better when you don’t like me. It makes it fun.” Then Travis yelled, “Let’s play Marco Polo. Rachael is it.”
They played Marco Polo for an hour or so until Maysie suggested tennis. Michael and Levi opted for video games inside, while everyone else thought tennis was a great idea.
After Maysie and Rachael got changed into their tennis skirts they headed out to the courts where the guys were already warming up. 
Hmmm. He can actually play.   
This could be a fun match. I wonder if Maysie and Jason are any good.
As it turned out, Maysie was very good. She had obviously been playing for a very long time. Jason was okay, but at least he was putting forth the effort. Travis was an excellent player just like Rachael. After three matches where Travis and Rachael had won two out of three matches, Travis suggested singles. 
“I am too beat for that.” Maysie said. 
“Me too.” Jason was breathing hard.
“Yeah. I hate to be a party-pooper, but Michael and I really need to be heading home. I told my dad I would call him at a certain time this evening. I don’t want to miss making that call.”
“Okay. I’ll run you guys home.” Maysie offered.
“Thanks, Maysie.”
Travis spoke up. “I have to run Jason home. Why don’t we all go?”
“Great idea!” Maysie said excitedly. 
Rachael could tell Maysie was relieved to be able to spend more time with Jason- even if it was just a car ride to take him home. 
Five minutes later they were all loaded up in Travis and Maysie’s mom’s SUV. It was the only vehicle big enough to seat all six of them. Michael and Levi were in the third row seat. Maysie and Rachael were sitting in the middle row seat. Travis was driving, and Jason had shot-gun.
“So Monday is the big day?” Maysie asked.
“Sure is. I can’t wait. I don’t have anything exceptional planned. Just to hang out and spend time around the house together.” Rachael commented.
“Did I miss something?” Jason asked.
“No. Just girl talk.” Maysie added, “Colten, Rachael’s boyfriend, is coming to visit her on Monday.”
“Trust me, Jason. I have to hear the ‘girl talk’ all the time!! You don’t want to know.” Travis joked.
“I think you’re a lucky man. I wish I knew what was going on inside their heads all the time. I don’t have a sister, so their thought processes are a mystery to me.” Jason sounded as if he really meant it.
“Well you can pick my brain any time.” Maysie offered.
“I’m sure that will prove fascinating. Let me tell you what you’ll find in my sister’s head.” Travis supplied the complete list. “Shopping. Mall. Boys. Shopping. Mall. Boys. Shopping. Mall. Boys.” Travis grinned. “Get the picture? It’s pretty simple really.” He looked really proud of himself.
“Oh, Travis Baxter, you think you’re so smart. Do you want to know what is in your brain?”
“Sure, if you think you know.” Travis replied.
“Here’s a complete list: Girls. Girls. Girls. Truck. Sports. Girls. Girls. Girls. Truck. Sports.”
Both Travis and Jason were laughing uproariously at this.
“That’s pretty accurate, Maysie.” Travis admitted.
They pulled up to Rachael and Michael’s house. A nice jeep was parked outside.
“Colten!” Rachael squealed.
“I thought he was coming on Monday?” Maysie asked.
“I guess he decided to surprise me and come early.” Rachael could barely contain her excitement. 
Travis jumped out of the front seat and opened the door for Rachael and Michael to get out. 
“Thanks for the ride home, Travis.”
“Not a problem. See you around Rachael.” 
Travis jumped back in the SUV and was gone. 
Rachael practically ran inside the house. She was so excited to see Colten. He met her at the door.
“There’s my favorite girl. I was just about to come and look for you.”
“How long have you been here?”
“Only about twenty minutes. I have been visiting with your Aunt Margaret. She has been feeding me pound cake and sweet iced tea.”
“If I had known you were coming to surprise me I wouldn’t have gone anywhere. I don’t want to miss even one minute.” Rachael smiled sweetly up at him.
“Gross. Are you two going to start kissing again? I’m outta here.” And with that announcement Michael disappeared inside.
Rachael gave Colten a gentle kiss on the lips. 
“By the way. Your Aunt Margaret was totally cracking me up. She made sure I knew I would be sleeping in the guest bed room during my visit! I was waiting for her to get out the shotgun or something- and prop it in the hall next to your door!” 
Colten was laughing. It was so good to hear him laugh.
“Let me show you around. There is someone I want you to meet- George.” Rachael grabbed Colten’s hand and led him to the barn.
“George. What sort of animal is George?”
“He is a pet steer. He has become quite the confidante of mine over the past several days.”
“Well, let’s meet this George.”
They walked to the barn hand-in-hand. When they got to the fence, Colten stopped to lean on the top rail. “Wow, George is huge.” 
George lifted his head and came running over to the fence. He snorted and blew at Colten. Rachael was fearful he might actually slam into the board fence.
“I don’t think he likes me very much.” Colten stepped back from the rail.
“I should have warned you. He only likes women- except for Travis.” Rachael said.
“Why does he like Travis?”
“I guess Travis has been around him since he was a calf. George just knows him.”
“Was that Travis who dropped you off earlier, the guy in the SUV?”
“Yes. But not just Travis. It was Maysie, his sister, and Jason, Levi, and Michael, too.” Rachael was worried Colten was getting jealous.
Then he surprised her by saying, “Good. I’m glad you have made such good friends. School starts in a week. Will they all be attending the same school as you?”
“Sure will.”
“Are you nervous about attending public high school?” Colten asked concern filling his voice.
“Not really. I’m actually excited about the huge football games, homecoming, and the prom. It will be different, but loads of fun. You will have to promise to come take me to the homecoming dance!”
“I promise! I wouldn’t miss it.”
“I think I may even try out for the dance team.” Rachael suggested.
“I think that is a fantastic idea. Sounds like a lot of fun.”
“My friend Maysie is a dancer too. I haven’t asked her yet, but I think she’ll say yes and try out with me.”
“An even better idea.” 
Next Rachael took Colten on a tour of the barn, which ended in the hayloft, where they shared a tender, lingering kiss.









Chapter Nine

Rachael and Colten sat with their legs hanging out of the hayloft doors. They held hands as they caught up on the events of the past two weeks.
“So how long are you staying?” Rachael asked, anticipation filled her voice.
“Only tonight. I have to leave early in the morning.” Colten responded.
“Only tonight?” Rachael couldn’t hide the disappointment creeping into her heart at that moment. “You came three days early, so I thought you were coming for the entire weekend. Don’t get me wrong- I’m glad to see you at all. It’s just I had hoped for a little more time with you is all.”
“I know.” Colten sighed. “And I’m sorry. My parents and I are leaving Sunday for Miami. My Dad is thinking about buying this nice resort there, and they wanted me to go with them. It is the last week of summer before school starts and they were hoping for a last minute get-away and some good family time.” 
Rachael wanted to scream… take me with you… your parents won’t mind… they love me. 
But Colten hadn’t invited her, so he must have his reasons. Maybe his parents needed his help with something, or had family things of their own to deal with. Whatever the reason, Rachael would have to be happy with the time they had together. 
“I understand. So, from what I gather from my Facebook page and my mom’s friend Lonnie, my family is front page news now back home.” Rachael confided.
“Yep. I haven’t wanted to say anything, but it has been on the evening news and in the magazines as well. I think in time it will all die down. But in the meantime, it is probably better you are over here, away from it all.”
Without even asking, Rachael knew what Colten was referring to. While everyone was being nice to her from the safe distance of her Facebook page, her reception if she was living right there might have been less than friendly. Rachael suddenly became worried about how everyone was treating Colten. After all, he was her boyfriend. They might be snubbing him through mere association.
“How have things been for you?” At Colten’s confused stare, Rachael continued, “I am sure there is gossip and those who are being less than favorable about our family.”
“Don’t worry about me.” Colten smiled reassuringly. “Our friends have been very supportive. Surprisingly, no one has said anything hurtful. I think that can only be seen as a tribute to your ability to make friendships and maintain them. While everyone thinks it is unfortunate, no one is judging you or your family.”
Rachael was relieved to hear this. She had pictured Colten walking around facing an onslaught of questions and looks. Now she could relax, knowing things in Palm Beach were truly going as well as could be expected.
“Let’s go inside before your aunt sends out the search party.” Colten suggested.
“Okay.” Rachael said reluctant to share Colten with anyone- even her family.
They made their way back into the house. Rachael decided to show Colten both her room and closet and then her brother’s ‘game lounge’.
“WOW!” Was Colten’s response. “I need a theatre like this one back home. This is incredible.”
“Would you like to play a game? You and Rachael could play against each other.”  Michael suggested.
“Sure. You up for it, Rachael?”
“Always. But I have got to warn you- I am pretty fantastic at golf and tennis. Choose wisely, my friend.” She said in a menacing voice.
Colten laughed. “Tennis. I figure living out here in the sticks you are getting pretty rusty. Your swing won’t be what it once was.” 
“You will soon find out… loser.” 
Colten and Rachael played a very competitive game of tennis. Colten was winning when Rachael’s aunt called them all for dinner. 
“A reprieve. Just when I almost had you beaten.” Colten let out an evil laugh.
“Never!!” Rachael jested.
“A rematch after dinner?” He suggested.
“No, I thought we would drive into town and see a movie. Sound good?”
“Sure thing.”
Rachael, Colten, and Michael went down the hall and joined their aunt at the table.
“So, Colten,” Aunt Margaret said as she served everyone a big plate of lasagna. “Tell me what your plans are for this weekend.”
“Tonight, Rachael has just informed me she would like to go to a movie.” 
“Perfect. We can look up show times. That will give Rachael a chance to get ready for the movie. She certainly can’t go looking like that.” 
Rachael hadn’t given any thought to her appearance at all. She had been swimming, playing tennis, and walking around outside in this Florida heat. She was sure she at least needed a shower, and she would like to look extra special for Colten tonight.
What should I wear?
As if reading her thoughts, Aunt Margaret paused, “I put a surprise in your closet Rachael. After dinner, Colten and Michael can help me clean up the dishes while you go and see what it is. I am sure neither of them will mind.”
“Of course not.” Colten responded. 
Michael wasn’t as quick to voice his excitement over dish duty.
Rachael ate very quickly and excused herself from the table. She briskly walked back to her room and opened her closet door. There hanging in her closet was a beautiful purple dress. It was very casual in style, but had light blue beading all around the scoop neckline. On the floor below there was a shoebox. In it was a pair of sandals that had the same matching blue beads and another small box. Rachael carefully opened the smaller box. It contained a beaded silver necklace and matching wire earrings. 
How thoughtful! 
Her aunt had gotten all of her sizes correct. She must have gone out earlier today when Rachael and Michael were gone. Rachael appreciated this more than her aunt could realize. Rachael hadn’t had anything new to wear in the last few weeks and because of her budget constraints, wouldn’t be buying much anytime soon. Rachael decided a dress like this one deserved some extra attention paid to her hair and make-up.
Rachael ran to the bathroom and plugged in her flat iron. She turned the shower on and did the fastest leg shaving she had ever done. It must be a new teen record- and all without cutting her ankle! She jumped out and put her hair up in a towel. She applied full make-up! Base, powder, eye liner and mascara. Even a hint of blush and eye shadow. Lip-gloss with glitter would finish the job.
Next she pulled her hair out of the towel. 
Wow! What a curly mess. Let’s tame that crazy hair! Rachael applied a large amount of extra-straight, no frizz hair styling product. Why hadn’t God blessed her with sleek, shiny, straight hair? It was so much easier! After Rachael had dried her hair she ran the flat iron through its long tresses. 
Now I have straight hair!!! Even if it is just for one night.
Rachael was all ready. When she checked her image in the mirror, she was very excited about what she saw there. She hadn’t gotten dressed up like this in months. It felt good. I am the luckiest girl alive! She was going out with Colten and she had him all to herself.
Rachael came out of her bedroom and down the hall to the family room where Colten and her Aunt Margaret were seated waiting for her.
When Colten saw her, his eyes popped nearly out of their sockets!
“You look absolutely amazing!” He stood to take her hand.
“Are you ready to go?” Rachael asked.
“Without a doubt.”
“Have fun, and don’t be too late kids.” Aunt Margaret said sweetly.
“What time should I have her home?” Colten asked politely.
“What’s your curfew back home?” She directed her question to Rachael. 
“Ten o’clock.”
“Let’s make it eleven tonight. It is a special occasion, after all, and you are getting such a late start.” 
“Thanks, Aunt Margaret.” Rachael leaned in and hugged her aunt tightly, whispering in her ear, “For everything.”
“I’m glad you like it, dear. Now go on and get out of here.”
Rachael and Colten were out the door and in his jeep in seconds. 
Thank goodness he had left the top on! Otherwise my hair would have been a wreck!
Colten had directions on his phone. They were headed into town in a general westerly direction. Rachael was relieved fifteen minutes later when she saw a road name she recognized. There it was- the now infamous Fruitville Road. The road where I had mistakenly thought I lived.
They continued down Fruitville Road for what seemed like an eternity, then they made several other turns along the way.
“When you said you lived way outside of town you weren’t joking!” Colten smiled.
“I know. I wish I could drive. It would be so much easier. Maybe I could tell you where to go.”
“I’ve got it all under control.” Colten winked at her.
After another twenty minutes or so they arrived at a movie theater and mall somewhere in Sarasota. Rachael knew that much for sure. Colten came around to her side of the car and opened the door. They walked into the theater hand-in-hand. 
There was a new movie out about a girl who liked to dance- and a boy who she taught to dance- it was entitled Dance, Girl Dance! Colten didn’t seem all that excited about seeing it, but said he would if Rachael wanted to see it. They were standing in line waiting to buy their tickets, when a voice sounded from behind…
“Hi, Rachael. I didn’t know you would be here.” It was Maysie. And it looked like she was actually there on a date with Jason!
Behind them in line were Shannah and Gabe. That was an even bigger shocker! 
Were they there as friends or on a date? 
Rachael had to commend Gabe for his persistence.  
Behind them in line were Travis and some girl whom Rachael had never seen before.
So much for having Colten all to myself.
“Hi, guys. This is my boyfriend, Colten.” After a brief pause, she made the rest of the introductions. “This is Maysie and Jason. Shannah and Gabe. And Travis and…I’m sorry, we haven’t ever met before.”
“I’m Sophie.” The beautiful blonde replied.
“It’s nice to meet you, Sophie. I’m Rachael.” 
Although neither Colten nor Travis said a word, Rachael thought she could see the two of them silently sizing each other up. Each one appeared to be making a complete assessment of the other. Rachael hoped they liked each other. Otherwise it might make things odd for her.
“What are you guys seeing?” Maysie asked excitedly.
“Dance, Girl Dance!” Rachael answered.
“Uggggh.” The guys all groaned audibly at this choice. 
“Oh, stop it.” Maysie said. “I wanted to see that too.”
“Uh, oh. Here we go.” Travis griped.
“Yeah, right?” Colten jumped in too. “I wanted to see an action film or something a little less feminine.”
All of the guys liked the sound of that. Rachael gave Colten the look.
“On second thought, I think we will stick with the original plan.” Colten amended his last comment.
“I wanted to see that dance movie too.” Sophie added.
“So it’s settled then. We are all seeing the dance movie! Yay!” Maysie cheered.
“I’m with the guys. I think that dance movie will suck.” Shannah protested.
Rachael could have hugged Shannah right then and there! She didn’t want to see a movie with everyone else- just Colten. Way to go Shannah. Please send them in another direction to another theater. Rachael glanced at Shannah with thankful eyes. 
But Maysie pleaded, “Come on Shannah. Don’t be a party-pooper. It’s Rachael’s special night. She wants to see the dance movie, so the dance movie it is.”
Shannah cut her eyes at Rachael with the please forgive her- she’s clueless look.
So here we are…a nice private date for eight. 
At least they wouldn’t all have to sit together.
After they bought their tickets and went to the concession stand to purchase snacks, it was Travis who came to her rescue. Rachael and Colten had just gotten their pop corn, candy, and drinks and were headed for the door to the theater, with their six friends in tow, when Travis called, “Hey Gabe and Jason. Come look at this poster. I can’t wait to see this film.”
“Wow. Look at her, she looks totally hot in this.” Gabe said about the actress. “I bet she is a total butt-kicker.”
Rachael looked back over her shoulder at Travis, who jerked his head in the direction of the theater, letting Rachael know it was okay to make her escape.
“Thank you.” Rachael silently mouthed. 
She and Colten walked into the theater, and Rachael picked out seats where there wasn’t enough room for all eight of them!
*
After the movie was over, Rachael and Colten walked outside and said their goodbyes to all of Rachael’s friends. As they walked away Rachael could hear them discussing the film.
The guys couldn’t all stop talking about how it had been possibly one of the worst films they had ever seen in their lives. Gabe went as far to say that the only thing good about it was the hot dancer. Jason and Travis agreed with Gabe on this part as well. 
“I liked them.” Colten commented.
“They are all really nice.” Rachael agreed.
“They aren’t what I expected.” When Rachael gave Colten a strange look he continued. “I had something different in mind. I guess I was kind of ignorant of what country people were really like.” Colten confessed.
“That’s okay.” Rachael confided. “I had some silly notions about them too, and I’m still working to change those. It takes time.”
Colten walked Rachael to his jeep. 
“Let’s grab ice cream,” he suggested. “I saw this place on our way into town.”
On their way home, they stopped off at the ice cream parlor. Colten insisted on ordering something they saw on the menu listed as the ‘Kitchen Sink’. It was a scoop of every ice cream sold at the shop topped with whipped cream, cherries, and fudge. It came in this absolutely enormous bowl with two spoons.
“Do you think we can eat all of this?” Rachael asked eyeing the bowl skeptically.
“I’m game if you are?” He grinned.
Rachael and Colten ate ice cream for fifteen minutes and were only halfway through when Colten urged Rachael on. “Don’t quit on me now girl!”
Rachael felt almost sick by the time they had forced the final bite down. She would guess she had eaten only about a third of the total ice cream with Colten easily eating the rest. 
Where did guys put all of their food? It was a mystery to Rachael.
They left the parlor and headed for her Aunt Margaret’s house. When they got home, they shared a good night kiss on the porch before going inside. They had to- it was tradition. Whether they were here or back home on the Island in West Palm, a good night kiss always finished their dates. 
Colten walked Rachael to her bed room door and said goodnight. Then he walked to his room and closed the door. 
Rachael’s aunt called out from her room, “Good night kids.”
Rachael went to her nightstand and pulled two matching surfer bracelets out of the drawer that she had purchased for her and Colten. She had hoped to give it to him tomorrow at the beach, but here at the house would have to suffice since her beach plans were now canceled. The bracelets were made of 100 percent cotton and were braided. When you first put them on they would be a little large. Then after they were repeatedly wet in the salt water they would shrink to the perfect fit. They would look great on too! Once they were on they could not be removed. They were one solid braid. No opening or clasp. 
When the rooster crowed at dawn, Rachael sprang from her bed and went to Colten’s room where he was already up, dressed, and packed to go.
“I have something for you.” She said. She walked over and put the bracelet on his wrist. “See. They match.” She extended her own wrist so he could see. 
“I like it. I have something for you too.” Colten gazed into her eyes. “It’s not much, but I saw it last week at the mall and thought you would like it.”
Colten took the small, simple silver ring out of his pocket and gave it to Rachael. She slipped it on her right ring finger. It was a perfect fit. It was a simple wide, silver band with a braided, thin band on either side. Rachael knew instinctively it was not a promise ring or anything like that. She was only fifteen and her parents would freak over something like that. But it was a gift and she would wear it. They walked down the hall where her mother was waiting to greet them. 
She must have arrived home a little while ago. Rachael thought it was strange that her mother would drive all the way home from West Palm this early in the morning, but decided not to mention it.
“Hey you two. How was your date last night?”
“Fantastic! Colten even brought me a gift.” She flashed her mother her right hand.
“That’s not what I think it is, is it?” Her mother raised her right eyebrow, with her pensive, questioning stare.
“No, Mom. It’s just a ring- they call it jewelry.” Rachael joked.
“Okay, then I love it.” Her mother commented affectionately. 
Still there was something in her mother’s voice and tone that led Rachael to believe something was wrong. Rachael couldn’t quite put her finger on it- maybe it had something to do with her father and the visit her parents just shared. She was sure her mother would tell her, but now, in front of Colten, was not the appropriate time. So, Rachael decided to point out their matching bracelets and redirect her mother’s thoughts.
“Look, Mom. I bought these matching surfer bracelets for Colten and me. Aren’t they great?”
“Oh. I love them.” She smiled then and asked Colten, “So Aunt Margaret has told me you will be heading home today?”
“Now, actually. My parents are taking a mini-vacation to Miami tomorrow and asked that I be home by early this evening. So I am afraid I won’t be able to stay and visit for long.”
“Oh. That’s a shame. Maybe on your next visit. When will you be able to come again?” Her mother asked.
“Next month. My parents said I could drive over one time each month during the school year.”
“That will be wonderful.” Her mother looked relieved for some reason. 
Did she want Colten to visit less? Or more frequently? Rachael couldn’t be sure which. Maybe her mother had just been worried about Rachael. Her mother knew how happy Colten made her. Now that Mrs. Harte was sure Colten would be visiting regularly, she could be assured of her daughter’s happiness over the next several months.
“I better get going.” Colten said.
Rachael turned to Aunt Margaret, who had just appeared in her bathrobe, “Aunt Margaret, would you mind if I packed Colten a treat for the road trip back to Palm Beach?”
“Of course not. I baked biscuits this morning.”
“Perfect.” 
Rachael headed off to the kitchen and packed a couple biscuits and a big glass of iced sweet tea. When she finished and made it back up to the door, Colten was waiting there for her to walk him out and say goodbye. 
Her mother and Aunt Margaret said goodbye at the door and disappeared to the family room.
“Don’t be sad, my favorite girl. Four weeks is not very long. It’ll be here before you know it.” He hugged her and kissed her goodbye. 
Short and sweet… then he was gone.
Rachael watched Colten as he drove down the long dirt drive, until he stopped at the gate, then disappeared from view.









Chapter Ten

Rachael didn’t know how long she had stood there until Travis’ truck appeared at the end of the driveway. She hadn’t even realized she had been crying until she felt the wet tears on her cheeks. She quickly wiped them away and waited for Travis to pull up to the house. 
As Travis got closer, she could see he was pulling some sort of stock trailer behind him… with something on it. What could it be?
Travis parked and jumped out. “Just the person I had hoped to see. Come look what I brought you.”
Rachael walked over to the trailer. Peering inside, she saw a very small calf. She was red in color and looked to be newborn. “Who is that?” 
“You tell me. Maysie told me you wanted a ‘heifer’ girlfriend for George. So I brought you one, but you have to name her. She is yours.”
“She’s awesome, Travis. I love her. But I don’t know exactly what to do with her or what to feed her!” 
“Don’t worry. Your Aunt Margaret does. She raised George, remember?”
“Oh, of course. Aunt Margaret…” Rachael said a little worried her aunt wouldn’t welcome another pet cow.
“…already knows. I called the house an hour ago when I knew I would have a calf in need of a good home.” Travis commented nonchalantly, as if giving a friend a calf was an everyday occurrence around here. “Normally all of our calves are born earlier in the spring and summer. This one’s mom was a young heifer, what we call a first-calf heifer, because this was her first calf. Unfortunately she didn’t survive the calving experience, but our little friend here did.”
“What kind is she?” Rachael asked.
“A red Brahman.” 
“She’s beautiful. Let’s take her to the barn.”
“Jump in. We’ll drive her back.” Travis headed to the truck.
“Oh. I thought I would carry her.” Rachael suggested.
Travis immediately started laughing. “Carry her? She isn’t a puppy, Rachael. She weighs nearly seventy pounds. But if you insist.”
“Seventy pounds? I thought she was a newborn?”
“She is- but she is a newborn calf. They can weigh a lot.” 
Rachael seemed to ponder this.
“On second thought let’s drive her to the barn.”
They both jumped in the truck, then pulled around behind her aunt’s house- where Travis expertly backed the trailer in beside the barn. 
“Now we will have to carry her or lead her into a stall. I vote for leading her. I already bought her a halter and lead rope.” 
Rachael peeked in and saw her calf was wearing a tiny, pink little calf halter with a matching pink lead rope.
“Pink?” Rachael eyed Travis.
“Yeah. I said I paid for it- not that I picked it out. The pink was Maysie’s idea. I was for the dark brown leather with barbed wire design engraved in the leather.”
“I’m sure.”
Travis opened the trailer doors and gently led the little calf out. She was still wobbly on her legs and seemed to be walking gingerly. She let out the cutest, little tiny maaa sound.
“Oh, she’s so cute.” Rachael squealed. “I just love her. She is a pale reddish- yellowish color, I think I will call her Taffy.” 
“Taffy?” Travis asked- his eyebrows going up a little, as if he was amused by her choice of name.
“Yes. Taffy. She is sweet, like candy too.” Rachael cooed as she pet her new little calf. “She is my first baby animal, Travis.”
“No. I wasn’t aware of that fact.” Travis cut his eyes towards the back of his truck and disappeared to fetch something from the bed of the truck. “I brought you a bag of dried milk and a new calf bottle.” Travis returned with the huge bag of milk replacer and calf bottle in hand.
“A baba!!” Rachael screamed in excitement and nearly jumped up and down.
“A baba?” He asked sarcastically. “Now I can see we are in trouble. I thought the suggestion for a friend for George was bad enough.”
“Oh, stop it.” Rachael laughed. “And I will need help too.”
“Oh, no. That’s Maysie’s department. She raises all the calves. Not me.” Travis held his hands in the air. 
Now that Taffy was safely in her stall, they latched the stall door and went inside.
“I will show you how to mix the calf bottle and then I have to get going.” 
“Okay.”
Rachael watched carefully as Travis poured the powdered milk into the calf’s bottle and added very warm water to the line. He placed the bottle nipple on top and shook the bottle, mixing the contents. “Easy enough?”
“Easy enough.” Rachael answered. 
They walked back out to the barn. Travis opened the stall door and Rachael followed him inside. 
“Now for the tricky part.” He stated… “Getting Taffy to nurse.”
“Getting Taffy to nurse?” 
“Yep. She’s never nursed and she certainly has never seen nor smelled a bottle before.” Travis just grinned. “You do this part.” He stepped back and handed Rachael the bottle. She waited for further instruction. 
Taffy stood quietly in the corner of the stall. She looked at Rachael, not exactly sure what to think of her. Just then Travis began giving Rachael simple instructions.
“Just walk over and climb on top of her in a straddle, with your legs on either side of her shoulders. Don’t put any weight on her- she is a baby. You will need to be facing towards her head- not her rear.”
Rachael attempted this maneuver, but Taffy moved with incredible speed- a speed that Rachael didn’t know she had. First she took Rachael on a ride around the stall for one lap. Then she ran out from beneath Rachael, bumping her legs as she ran through them- knocking Rachael to the ground.
“Well at least you didn’t spill the bottle.” Travis made no attempt to conceal his laughter.
“You’ve obviously done this before, so why don’t you help me?” 
“Because I’m having a much better time just watching you.” He smiled.
Rachael closed her eyes to conceal her temper and seethed.
Just wait Travis Baxter… There will come a time when you need my help with something and I won’t rescue you. “Fine… I can do it all by myself.” She sulked.
“I was just kidding, Rachael. I’ll help you.” He picked up the calf’s lead rope, then repeated the same maneuver he had described to Rachael- except with apparent ease and finesse. Taffy wriggled between Travis’ thighs but was unable to escape his powerful legs.
Years of riding. Rachael thought.
“Now you come do the same. We have to get her to take the bottle.” Travis said. When Rachael looked uncertain, he added, “Don’t worry. I won’t move. She won’t knock you on your butt again.” He joked.
“Okay.” Rachael walked over with marked apprehension and climbed in front of Travis. 
“Now gently try to put the bottle in her mouth. Make sure the air vent hole on the base of the nipple is facing upward. That way the bottle will vent properly.”
Rachael could see the hole at the base of the nipple Travis was referring to. She nodded. But when she attempted to get Taffy to take the bottle nipple into her mouth, the baby refused. 
“If she won’t take it- you will have to make her- gently, of course, and without hurting her.”
“Easy for you to say.” Rachael muttered under her breath. Rachael squirted a little milk onto the nipple so the baby could smell and taste it. 
Travis reached around her. “Here- let me help you, or we could be here all afternoon.” He put his finger in the corner of Taffy’s mouth and gently opened her mouth. With his other hand he gently put the bottle nipple in her mouth and held it there. “Now gently rub her throat.” Travis suggested. “This will encourage her to swallow and suck.”
Rachael rubbed Taffy’s throat, and something amazing happened. “She’s drinking!”
“Yep. Now, tomorrow it will be a different story. You will need to feed her four times per day at first- starting at five o’clock in the morning.” 
Well, at least I’ll already be up- thanks to the rooster.
Taffy was now sucking away on her bottle while Travis continued talking- his head near Rachael’s ear. “I also brought you a bag of calf feed. I would start her on it tomorrow. If she doesn’t eat it on her own, just place a small amount in her mouth. At first she will spit it out, but eventually she will love it. Also- give her a block of hay each day too. Got it?”
“Yep. Four bottles, feed, and hay. I’m a fast learner.”
“So I see.” Travis jested. “Now that she knows what the bottle is you probably won’t need to do this part again- climbing on her back and all.” He said as he climbed off of Taffy’s back and assisted Rachael in doing the same.
“Good.” Rachael responded. 
Taffy had finished her bottle. Rachael pulled it out of her mouth. She was looking for more.
“That’s all for now, little girl. You will have to wait for dinner later.” 
Rachael and Travis walked to the stall door, opened and closed it behind themselves as they exited. 
“I see you got a new ring?” Travis eyed Rachael’s hand.
“Yeah. A gift from Colten.”
“It’s nice.” Travis said, still looking at it. “A promise ring?”
“No. Certainly not. Just a ring- I think it is called jewelry. A promise ring would have gone on the left ring finger. ” She teased wiggling her left ring finger proving it was still bare and ring-free. 
“I gotta run.” Travis said promptly. “If you need anything else for Taffy just call Maysie or me.” Travis turned to walk away, but Rachael stopped him.
“Travis?” 
“Yes.”
“Thanks for everything. This made me feel much better- I had been a little down.”
“I know. When I called earlier, your aunt told me Colten was leaving this morning and this would be the perfect pick-me-up. I am glad it helped.” 
“Helped?” Rachael smiled and then gave Travis a huge, bear-hug. “It made my day actually. Thank you.” She gave Travis a quick peck on the cheek and then let him go.
“Not a prob.” He said. She thought she saw him blush. 
Had she actually embarrassed the super confident Travis Baxter? Maybe.
“See ya around, Rachael.” 
Just then her cell phone rang. “Hey Maysie, I just fed Taffy. She is so cool.”
“I thought you would like her. I told Travis about your wanting a friend for George and all. He thought that was silly girl talk, but he said you could have her anyway.” Maysie paused. “So did you like the pink halter and lead rope?”
“I loved them. Thanks. Travis said they were your idea.”
“No. Not really. The halter, lead rope, feed, milk, and bottle were all his doing. He knew you wouldn’t have any of those things and neither of us were sure if your aunt still had the bottle she had used for ole’ lonesome George.”
“Oh, that was really thoughtful of you both. I meant the pink color was your idea. Great call there.”
“Not really- that was all Travis too. At first he had picked this all leather halter and lead rope- super expensive and super masculine. I said, ‘No way. Not for a heifer.’ And then I suggested a green one.  It was Travis who finally decided on the pink.”
“Hmmm. He made it sound like you picked the pink.”
“No that was all him. He probably just didn’t want you to know though. It is bad for his guy image and all- he wouldn’t want any of the other guys to know it was him that had suggested the pink halter. So don’t tell anyone, okay?”
“His secret is safe with me.”
So Travis has a really sweet side and understands us girls after all. He’s not just a good looking cowboy who is clueless about the female psyche. This guy has potential- maybe for Brittany or Ellery? They don’t have boyfriends.
“I heard Colten left.” Maysie added. “How are you feeling?”
Bad news travels fast in this town!
“I was really down at first. Now I am much better. Taffy really helped distract me.”
“Good. And she will do exactly that. For the first couple of weeks she will require extra care and attention. Then she will get easier and you can take her down to two bottles a day.”
“Travis said you are the expert when it comes to raising orphaned calves.”
“Sure am. I will be by to help you tomorrow.”
“Great. See you then.”
The girls ended their call. Rachael decided to sit with Taffy and get to know her better. She stayed out until dinner time several hours later. She fed Taffy one more bottle after dinner and then told her, “Goodnight little girl. See you in the morning.” She turned off the barn lights and headed inside. 
When Rachael came down the hall, she saw her mother’s light was still on. She decided now would be a good time to catch up on any news her mother may have obtained about her father and his case. 
Rachael knocked lightly on her mother’s door. 
“Come in.” Her mother responded.
Rachael went in and had a seat on the corner of her mother’s bed. “How’s Dad?”
She hadn’t spoken with her father since her mother’s trip to Palm Beach began last week. She hadn’t wanted to call them. She felt they both needed some privacy and didn’t need to be reminded of any concerns they had about their children. Rachael hoped her mother’s visit with her father had gone well- or as good as could be expected.
“He was okay. Of course he is lonely without all of us there to keep him company. He asked that you and your brother call him tomorrow when you get a chance.”
“Okay. I will first thing in the morning. Have you heard anything new about his case?”
“Not much. The attorney is still working to sort through all of the details, but this is what we know so far.” Her mother took a deep breath. “Several officers in your father’s company have been implicated in an embezzlement and money laundering scheme that has spanned the last five years. The individuals involved so far are Susan Anthony, the Chief Financial Officer; Mark Spittanger, the Executive Vice President of Finance; and Sarah MacAndrews, the Finance Director.
“It appears that all of them, with the exception of your father of course, have been secretly selling off small pieces of vacant land- so small the amounts individually were unnoticeable and easily concealed but when added together over the past five years add to over one million dollars in losses.”
Rachael sat taking it all in. “I don’t understand exactly. How would they benefit from these land sales?”
“Well, in this particular embezzlement scheme they were selling off pieces of property secretly and then pocketing the money. Perhaps splitting the money from the sale of the property between the three of them and anyone else involved. Of course your father is innocent of this crime and has a team of attorneys working to prove his innocence.”
“What about the money laundering charges?”
“Well the same people have been implicated in those charges. However, it gets much trickier. In some cases the land sold for much more than was recorded on the company’s financial records. For example, if a ten acre parcel sold for one hundred thousand dollars but was only reported to have sold for seventy-five thousand dollars- then twenty-five thousand dollars was either laundered or just fraudulently misreported. We’re unsure which is correct.”
“What exactly is money laundering, Mom?”
“Money laundering is when someone purposely engages in transactions to conceal the identity, source or destination of illegally gained money. By reporting the sale amounts as less than they actually were, the individuals involved were hoping to avoid detection all together.”
“I’m not sure I really get all of it, but I think I get the general idea. Poor Dad. Has he been arrested?”
“Initially he was brought in for questioning. Then he was arrested and released on bail when they determined he wasn’t a flight risk.”
“A flight risk?”
“Yes. That he wouldn’t run or flee, honey.”
“Oh…and all this has been in the papers and on the news?”
“Yes, honey.”
“I don’t know how Dad can continue with all of this stress.” Rachael felt so badly for her father. She felt as if she could cry, but she wouldn’t. Not in front of her mother. Instead she stood and walked over and gave her mother a much-needed hug.
“I think it would be best if we kept all of this from Michael for now. I think it is simply too much to ask him to bear right now.”
“Of course, Mom. I think I will head to bed. Goodnight.”
“Goodnight.”
Rachael closed her mother’s door on her way out and went to the privacy of her own room. 
Colten had already known all of this. He must have thought Rachael had known all of the gruesome details as well.
He is so strong. To stand beside us during this difficult time. 
I love him…
She picked up her picture frame and read another message from Colten.
I feel the same way too.









Chapter Eleven

It was the last week of summer, and Rachael kept herself busy caring for Taffy. Up every day well before dawn- this mother cow thing was turning out to be more difficult than Rachael had expected. 
Caring for Taffy included a lot more than mere calf bottles, feed and hay. Rachael enjoyed those parts of Taffy’s daily care immensely. It was the cleaning of the stall she didn’t like. Everyday she had to use a pitchfork to clean out all of Taffy’s mess. She would place it in a wheelbarrow and then walk several yards to dump it in the corner of the neighboring pasture. Aunt Margaret advised her she would need to put down replacement wood chips once monthly as well! Taffy certainly was a smelly little thing. Maybe she would need a bath soon.
I will have to ask Maysie. I am sure she has bathed a cow before- even a baby one.
A bath would definitely have to wait until she had some guidance from Maysie. Rachael decided to focus on simpler ways of grooming Taffy instead. She was now the proud owner of both a brush and a curry comb. Once each day she would brush Taffy until her fur shined. The mosquitoes were bad this time of year, so she also sprayed Taffy down each night with mosquito and fly spray.
One afternoon, while Rachael was cleaning out Taffy’s stall, she heard the footsteps of someone coming into the barn. She looked up and saw Travis and Maysie standing at the stall door. “Hey guys. What’s up?”
“Not much. We came by to see how you were doing with Taffy?” Maysie offered.
“I think I totally have it under control- so far. I was thinking she might need a bath.”
“Sure. I have everything we will need. Maybe we can do it tomorrow- but early enough in the day that she will be completely dry before dark. Otherwise she might catch cold.” Maysie advised.
“Yeah. Definitely.”
Out of the corner of her eye Rachael could see Travis’ grin. Probably all this talk about bathing Taffy. He probably thought washing anything other than his truck was a waste of time.
“Well it looks like everything is going well.” Travis said. “Maysie thought for sure you might need our help by now- of course that was after I told her about you trying to get Taffy to take a bottle for the first time.” 
“Yep. I’ve come a long way since then.” Rachael felt pretty proud of herself. That is, until she caught sight of her reflection in the glass window of Taffy’s stall. 
I look awful! My hair is standing on end and I must smell awful too. Yikes.
Maysie distracted her from her critique of her appearance. “We’re going riding this afternoon. We thought you might like to join us.”
“Sure- like on my own? On a horse all by myself?” Rachael asked.
“You can do it. Come on- it will be fun.” Maysie reassured her.
“Besides, we will put you on a very gentle horse.” Travis grinned.
There was something about the way Travis had said gentle that made Rachael wonder what he meant.
I guess I will find out soon enough.
“Sounds great. I just need to get changed. And I should probably get cleaned up.”
“Trust me. You are just fine. The horses won’t care if you smell like a barn.” Travis joked.
So he had noticed. I must reek! 
“Travis, she’s not used to getting dirty.” Maysie interjected. “What he meant to say is don’t bother cleaning up. You will smell like a horse and saddle leather by the end of our ride.”
“Come on, you two.” Travis said. “You will want a pair of jeans, Rachael. You shouldn’t ride in shorts- you could get saddle sores.”
Yuck. I don’t know what saddle sores are, but can only assume I don’t want to find out.
Rachael hurried into the house, donned a pair of jeans, and was out the door in a few minutes. She jumped in the back seat with Maysie and they were off. 
“Nice, girls. What am I? Your chauffeur?” Travis asked.
“Hey. I was simply being polite and letting our guest have shotgun.” Maysie spoke up from the back seat.
“So what’s your excuse, Rachael?” Travis joked.
“Well, I am from Palm Beach, after all. I like the idea of having a chauffeur- especially a cute one.” Rachael teased.
“Cute, huh?” Travis muttered.
Rachael thought it was better to leave that alone. She hadn’t meant it like that, but Travis was certainly cute.
They continued in silence listening to country music. Country music had never been Rachael’s music of choice before but she found it was beginning to grow on her. She couldn’t really call herself a fan- but at least now she recognized a few of the artists.
When they arrived at the Baxter family ranch, Travis pulled around and parked at the barn. Everyone went into the barn to help saddle the horses. 
Maysie turned to Rachael and simply said, “Follow me.”
Rachael followed Maysie into the tack room. The tack room was amazingly organized. There were rope halters, lead ropes of various lengths, both nylon and leather headstalls complete with reigns, an entire wall of saddle pads and saddles on racks. Along another wall there were shelves that housed every type of brush- some of which Rachael had no idea what they were for. The shelves also contained jars of ointment, spray bottles filled with fly spray, mosquito spray, alcohol and iodine. The next shelf had various grooming products for horses- their manes and tails, as well as their overall body hair. There were even bottles with pictures of cows on them- obviously some sort of bovine grooming products. At the end there were bottles of what looked like hair spray- upon further inspection Rachael saw they were types of spray similar to hair spray but for animals, one was labeled Show Sheen. There were even containers of hoof polish! She had never seen so much animal grooming stuff in her entire life! Before today she hadn’t even known it had existed.
These horses and cows would be better groomed than me, given a few more months of stall cleaning and other equally smelly tasks!
Maysie spoke, pulling Rachael out of her zone, and motioned to a beautiful buck skin colored saddle on a rack that had white stitch work detailing and flower patterns etched into the saddle in various places.
“Grab that saddle. It is our mom’s. She won’t mind if you use it.” Then Maysie pointed to the enormous headstall and reigns hanging on the other wall. “Grab those. They are John’s, and you will be riding him today.”
Rachael looked at the other headstalls that looked like they would fit miniature horses in comparison to John’s headstall! What kind of huge horse was John? THERE IS NO WAY I AM RIDING A CLYDESDALE! Rachael had thought she could do this riding by herself thing, but she was beginning to hit freak out mode on the inside. At least she could hold it together on the outside. She didn’t want Travis to think she was a complete wimp. 
“Okay.” Rachael responded and grabbed the headstall and reigns.
“Just take those out to Travis. He is waiting in the back paddock. You may want to come back for the saddle- it is a little heavy.” Maysie added.
Rachael took the saddle pad down off the rack, as well as the headstall and walked out to meet Travis at the rear of the barn. That is when Rachael’s jaw almost dropped. Travis was standing petting this enormous male horse Rachael could only assume was John.
Travis must have caught her awe filled expression. “No need to be frightened. I promised you a gentle horse. This is him.” At Rachael’s still hesitant stare, Travis continued, “Trust me, Rachael. He is big yes, but he wouldn’t hurt a fly. He belonged to our mother when she was younger and is now a family pet used only on occasions like these. He is more of a trail riding horse now- for riders such as yourself.”
“Riders such as myself?” Rachael asked.
“Yes. Without any riding experience. My five year old cousin rode him last week.” Travis smirked, trying hard not to laugh.
“Oh. Great.” Well if Travis’ five year old cousin could ride John, I can too! I am not going to be shown up by a five year old! Rachael approached John apprehensively, yet a little relieved. If a five year old had survived a day of riding John, Rachael would too. 
John turned toward Rachael, as she approached him he extended his nose and sniffed her. Rachael reached up and stroked John’s mane. Someone obviously spent a lot of time grooming this horse- Rachael’s guess was that it was Maysie.
“He seems so calm.” Rachael commented.
“Yes. He is Mr. Laid-back. That’s what I call him anyway. All of our other horses are American Quarter Horses used for working- parting and cutting horses mostly. They move quickly, even when they are just walking. We didn’t want you to be nervous, so we chose John. He never moves all that quickly anymore.” Travis said with a hint of a smile.
“Great. Sounds perfect to me!”
“Why don’t you hold John while I go grab your saddle?” Travis offered.
“No, I got it. If I am going to learn to ride I need to also learn how to saddle a horse on my own.” 
Rachael turned and walked back into the tack room to get the saddle. It was up high and required her to actually lift it down. When she did she couldn’t believe how heavy it was. 
“You got it?” Maysie called from around the corner.
“Sure.” Rachael said, not at all sounding sure. She hauled the saddle down and staggered out of the barn moving in the general direction of the back paddock. How much did this thing weigh? Fifty… maybe sixty pounds? This is pitiful! I need to get into a gym or something.
As she struggled her way across the grass, Travis approached. He had already put the bridal on and was coming through the gate carrying the saddle pad and leading John.
“Here- let me help you this once.” He grinned placing the saddle pad on John’s back. “You need to put the stirrup and girth strap, or cinch, up like this and swing the saddle over the top of his back.” Travis did this in one fluid motion- making it appear so easy.
“Next reach underneath his belly like this and grab the girth strap and bring it up and around to attach to the latigo. Then run the latigo through the left cinch ring, a couple of times.” Travis paused, demonstrating, and then continued, “Like so. Then run the final length of the loose end of the latigo through the D-ring. Some people tie or knot it, but you won’t be doing any hard riding today. I think it will be fine.” 
“Maybe you should knot it to show me how- just in case.” Rachael wanted it both knotted and tied- whatever that meant.
Travis laughed but said, “Okay.” He knotted the loose end of the latigo. “You’re all set.”
Just then Maysie came out of the barn leading two beautiful American Quarter Horses. Both were already saddled and ready to go.
“Thanks for saddling my horse.” Travis acknowledged as Maysie approached. 
“Not a problem. I figured you would be a little while teaching Rachael how to saddle a horse.”
“Wow! You saddled them so quickly!” Rachael was surprised at how strong Maysie must be to saddle two horses that quickly. The large saddle was obviously Travis’ and appeared to weigh about seventy-five pounds. Rachael couldn’t imagine being able to swing it onto any horse’s back. 
“Lot’s of practice.” Travis smiled.
“Whose horse is whose?” Rachael asked. 
“The mare is mine.” Maysie explained. “Her name is Pretty Girl. She is an American Quarter Horse whose coloring is called Buckskin. Travis’ horse is also an American Quarter Horse, gelding, named Coal and his color is Black, obviously.”
“What about John? What is he?”
“He is an American Quarter Horse too. A gelding. His color is called Sorrel, the small white mark on his forehead is a star.”
“What is a gelding?” Rachael asked.
“A boy horse that is no longer completely a boy anymore.” Maysie explained.
Rachael turned red. She probably wouldn’t have asked that particular question if she had known the answer.
“Oh. Like a steer horse.” Rachael commented.
“Yep. Exactly.” Maysie smiled.
Travis just grinned. 
All three led their horses to the back gate. There was a horse trailer parked there along the board fence.
“I think we should have Rachael get on how we had to when we were little.” Travis glanced in the direction of the horse trailer.
“No. I think she can do it.” Maysie said. “She is a dancer. She must be flexible and have strong legs too. Let’s at least let her try.”
“Try what?” Rachael asked.
“Getting on the horse from the ground.” Travis commented as if he wasn’t sure Rachael could do it.
Oh, I can do it. 
Rachael decided she would do it, whether it took her all afternoon or not. “Yep. Just show me how and I will do it.” Rachael said determinedly.
“Okay.” Maysie demonstrated. “Stand on the left side of your horse like this. Put your left foot in the stirrup. Grab the saddle horn and straighten your left leg while simultaneously swinging the right leg around. Then sit in the saddle like so. To get down- just do the reverse. “You shouldn’t really put a lot of pull or torque on the saddle horn. You aren’t supposed to use your arm strength to muscle your way up into the saddle. You should be using your leg strength rather.”
“Okay.” Rachael said as if mounting the horse would be an easy task. 
She attempted to imitate what she had just seen Maysie do. It was much more difficult than it looked. Her first two attempts were weak at best. She could get her foot in the stirrup, but had trouble straightening her leg and swinging the other leg around.
John just stood there patiently watching her. He actually turned his head back to look at her on her third attempt, and let out a groan or grunt noise as if saying “Come on now! Jeez. We haven’t got all day.”
Travis just stood by patiently watching while Maysie offered words of encouragement.
Finally, on her fourth try and nearing exhaustion, Rachael mounted perfectly. 
Thank Goodness… for me and for John!
“See you did it!” Maysie shouted in glee.
“Finally.” Rachael answered.
“That wasn’t so bad for the first time. Let’s just keep her up there so we won’t have to do it again.” Travis joked. “I could always lift you up there.”
“Hey. I did it. Practice makes perfect, right?” Rachael smiled. “Besides I wouldn’t want you to have to lift me- you may injure yourself.”
“Hardly.” Travis smirked.
He mounted and rode over to open the gate. He expertly sidled Coal up to the gate, unchained the chain, and swung it open. 
“Just kick him Rachael.” Maysie said as she rode through the opened gate on Pretty Girl and whirled around to wait on Rachael.
Rachael sat kicking John, and he didn’t move.
“He can be a little stubborn at times- just kick a little harder Rachael.” Maysie sat patiently.
So Rachael sat kicking and kicking and kicking and kicking and kicking…
Finally John took ten leisurely steps through the gate and stopped. 
“He just doesn’t want to leave the barn is all.” Maysie added.
“Oh.” Rachael began to wonder about this horse. Travis had said he was gentle- 
Slow was more like it. I can barely make him go. Wasn’t there a horse that was somewhere in the middle? This horse seemed to have two speeds- SLOW and STOP.
Travis rode over and backed his horse in to close the gate. Rachael could tell just from the opening and closing of the gate on horseback, she had a lot to learn about riding horses. The way Maysie and Travis were able to spin and back their horses- was similar to the way other people were able to drive cars. Rachael could barely make her horse go!
“How long have you two been riding?” She asked.
“Since we were four.” Maysie said matter of factly. 
“Four years old?” Rachael asked.
“Yes.” Maysie said. “Riding for us is like dance and tennis are for you. If you do something long enough and often enough you are bound to get good at it.”
“I hope I get better.” Rachael admitted.
Travis, Maysie, and Rachael walked across the pasture to another cross fence where Travis once again opened the gate.
Always the perfect gentleman… He opens gates the way other guys open the car door. Ladies first and all that.
After they rode through this gate, Travis said, “We thought we would ride over to the river and cross there. There is a game trail over there and by late after noon we should be able to see some deer and turkey.”
“Cross a river?” Rachael asked, concerned.
“It isn’t deep this time of year. Spring and early summer it gets deep. And of course just after a tropical storm or something. Don’t worry. You are safe with us. This will be fun.” Maysie reassured.
“Let’s strike a lope- if we continue at this pace we may never make it there.” Travis suggested.
Rachael knew what a lope was, but wasn’t sure she was ready for that. Maysie quickly explained the difference between a walk, trot and lope. She showed Rachael how to stop her horse and how to make him go. Just the basics.
“Making John stop won’t be a problem Rachael.” Travis added. 
Is my face totally betraying my mock confidence? I probably look scared to death… and in all honesty I am. What have I gotten myself into?
“Ready?” Maysie asked.
“As I’ll ever be.” Rachael inhaled.
Maysie and Travis kicked their horses very softly and started to trot. Rachael was getting the work-out of a lifetime kicking John who slowly began to trot. Then Travis and Maysie began to lope. Thank goodness John followed on his own and did not require much instruction from Rachael. He didn’t want to get left behind with this girl who couldn’t ride was all Rachael could figure! This horse was smarter than Rachael had given him credit for.
This loping thing was bumpy. Each time John loped forwards Rachael felt a new bruise forming on her butt and private parts- Ow. Ow. Ow. Ow. This hurts. Maybe I am doing something wrong. 
Maysie and Travis were loping and weren’t even visibly moving in their saddles. They just seemed to be riding in one fluid motion with their horses.
Rachael was holding the saddle horn for dear life! She was also holding on tightly- very tightly with her legs! Make this hell stop!
Just then Maysie and Travis slowed Pretty Girl and Coal to a walk. They were to the river. John slowed instinctively to a crawl as well. He was obviously just following the other horses’ lead.
Thank goodness for that.
“Let’s talk a little about riding.” Travis interjected. “If you keep riding like that- bumping all over the place and all- you are going to be really sore tonight and tomorrow and maybe the day after- so let’s show you some basic technique of how to ride with the rhythm of your horse. Stand here. I’ll demonstrate.”
Travis rode Coal in a circle nearby. “Now watch- every time I feel Coal’s hind legs leave the ground I prepare to rise and fall in rhythm with his body. It is really that simple.”
Maybe for you. 
But instead Rachael said, “Okay. I see what you mean. But doing it may actually be a different story.”
“It is just like dancing Rachael. You have rhythm. Just put it to work out here in the saddle.” Maysie encouraged. 
Okay. Here it goes. Rachael trotted John in a circle- yep. Still bumpy.
“Now bring him up to a lope. He will be smoother in a lope.” Travis chimed from some distance away.
Amazing. Rachael could feel the rhythm of the horse’s lope. One-two-three-four. Four hooves. Four beats. It was just like a dance!
“I think I got it!” She yelled in excitement. 
“I think so too.” Maysie called out.
“And it doesn’t hurt my butt anymore, either!” Rachael exclaimed.
Rachael rode back over to the other two. 
“See.” Travis was saying to Maysie. “All of your expensive riding clinics and seminars. And to think, I taught Rachael to ride in rhythm with her horse in just five minutes.”
“Well, only Rachael can take the credit for actually learning how, Travis.” Maysie retorted.
“That and the fact that I’m one heck of an instructor.” Travis smiled, showing just how proud he was of himself.
“This is an old debate of ours Rachael.” Maysie explained. “Travis is a self-taught horseman who rides considerably well, while I prefer to attend riding seminars and clinics in order to truly master riding.” 
Rachael decided she better intervene here.
“I think you both ride exceptionally well.”
Maysie eyed her brother. “I will admit Travis is an excellent rider. He can rope, cut, and part- all with considerable ease. I just prefer to learn in a different way is all.”
“Maybe I could attend a clinic with you sometime.” Rachael suggested.
“Sounds great!” Maysie said enthusiastically.
“Oh, yikes.” Travis sounded as if the conversation truly annoyed him. “Clinics are expensive. Anything they can teach you, I can teach you in the round pen at our house. Don’t waste your money, Rachael. Let a true cowboy teach you to ride.”
“I could teach her just as easily as you could.” Maysie sneered.
“Then, how about you both teach me to ride! It would be fun.” Rachael jumped into the fray.
“That’s a fantastic idea. Maybe Sundays after church.” Maysie suggested.
“It’s settled then. Sundays after church if we don’t have too much homework.” Rachael knew her homework being completed would be a stipulation of her mother’s to this riding plan.
“I’m game if Maysie is.” Travis grinned.
“Oh, I’m game, Travis Baxter.” Maysie chided.
“Hey- did we come to ride or to talk?” Rachael asked.
And with that, the three were riding their horses down the river bank to the shallow crossing. The water was only chest deep on their horses where they crossed the river. Their horses climbed the bank on the opposite side and came up into a stand of oak trees. Travis put his finger over his mouth signaling them to be quiet.
They walked their horses along a trail on the river bank and then Travis held his hand up motioning them to stop. He pointed with two fingers towards a group of turkeys feeding up ahead. After he was sure both girls had seen them, he continued to move forwards keeping his horse in a slow walk. They made what Rachael assumed was a full circle on this side of the river and ended back up at the crossing Rachael recognized from earlier.
“I had hoped we would see some deer. But it is too hot and too early yet.” Travis said sounding disappointed.
“This won’t be our only outing.” Maysie commented. “It’s hot. Come on. Let’s go home and go for a swim.”
“Sounds good to me.” Rachael said.
The three slowly made their way back across the river and through the pastures. They loped across the huge expanse of land they had crossed earlier and arrived at the back gate behind the Baxter’s house.
“I’ll teach you to unsaddle.” Maysie offered. She showed Rachael how to unsaddle and put away all of her tack. Then she taught her how to wash off her horse after a long ride. After each horse was washed off, Travis led them to the pasture and put them away.
It was then Rachael considered the soreness that was beginning to creep into her bones. Maybe the pool would help. She certainly hoped so.
Maysie and Rachael went up to the house to get changed into swimsuits. Travis simply put on a pair of shorts he found in the dryer and jumped in. 
Guys were so lucky. Any pair of shorts would do- really. 
By the time Maysie and Rachael found a suit that fit Rachael and came outside to swim, Travis was gone.
The girls cannon-balled into the deep end. 
Boy this feels good.
The girls swam for a while and then started to chat.
“Thanks for taking me riding. I think I am going to be sore tomorrow.”
“For sure.” Maysie warned. “Rachael- don’t take this the wrong way, but I think my brother likes you.”
“Really? But I thought he had a girlfriend?” Rachael asked shocked.
“Who? Oh- Sophie? Well, he is dating her. I know he likes her and has gone on a few dates with her even as recently as last week.”
“So what makes you think he likes me?”
“Just the way he talks to you is all. He hasn’t said as much, though. Travis would never admit to liking a girl who had a serious boyfriend and was one of his sister’s closest friends. But, I’m an expert at reading his body language.” Maysie thought for a moment and said, “Just forget I mentioned it. I shouldn’t have said anything.”
“No.” Rachael added trying to ease Maysie’s mind. “It’s okay. I like him too. He is a good friend- a cute one at that. And, if I didn’t have a serious boyfriend already, I would certainly date him. He is definitely serious boyfriend material. It’s just I do have a boyfriend and dating a friend’s brother would be odd- for us both, I mean.”
Hopefully that would allay whatever fears Maysie had but was hesitant to voice. Rachael had no intention of dating anyone other than Colten- she figured it was only fair to clarify that point.
“Thanks, Rachael. I didn’t want to not tell you. Now I know Travis’ dilemma with me dating Jason. That is, if I ever get to date Jason.”
“Oh. I thought it was a date you were on at the movies the other night.” Rachael kind of half asked, half stated.
“No, that was just a group of us seeing a movie. Nothing has happened since.”
“Bummer.”
Next the girls talked about school starting in two days. Rachael was nervous, Maysie excited. Rachael’s mom called and she needed to head home for dinner. She and Maysie jumped into Maysie’s car, still sporting their swimsuits, and took Rachael home.
On the way home Maysie launched into a conversation about school starting on Monday. “How are you getting to school on Monday?” 
“The bus.” Rachael replied.
“THE BUS! TRUST ME RACHAEL. YOU DON’T WANT TO RIDE THE BUS.”
“Why?”
“Let’s just say the bus can be a little bit of a rough crowd. And being that you are new around here and all- it might not be the best idea for you to ride the bus.”
“Oh, you’re afraid I might get my butt kicked if I ride the bus?” 
“Something like that. Melinda- you remember from the river?”
“How could I forget?” Rachael said sarcastically.
“Well she and her friends ride the bus. On second thought, it would probably be better and a lot more comfortable if you rode to school with Shannah, Travis, and me.”
“Sounds good. But what if you are sick or something?”
“If that ever happens, just make sure to get a seat at the front of the bus- near the bus driver. Whatever you do- just don’t sit in the back!” Maysie was emphatic in detailing her bus instructions for Rachael’s safety.
“Okay.” Rachael smiled. “I’ve got it. Thanks for the warning.”
Could the bus really be that bad? No- probably not. And I hope never to find out. But riding with friends in a car with air conditioning would be a lot more comfortable. 
Yep- sounds good to me.
“Thanks for the offer Maysie. I will definitely be taking you up on it. What time will we leave?”
“We will be by to get you around six-thirty.”
Just then they pulled up to Rachael’s front door. Rachael waived goodbye and ran inside where her Aunt Margaret was waiting for her.
“Hey honey. I was hoping you would be home soon. I have a surprise for you.”
There was a glint in her eyes that told Rachael she would like this surprise. They walked down the hall together where her aunt preceded her to her closet. She opened the door and stepped back.
Rachael gasped. T-shirts, dresses, shorts, and jeans- all in the latest styles- were laid out on hangers. There were new sneakers and flats- all closed-toe for school of course. Rachael went into her closet to make a closer inspection.
“Good. I thought you might like some new things to wear for school. I know at your other school you wore uniforms. Well not here.” Her aunt paused and then added, “If anything doesn’t fit- let me know. We still have time to exchange them before school Monday morning.”
“I will try everything on tonight.” Rachael turned and simply hugged her. Words could not describe how happy she was with her new ensemble. “Thank you.”
After Rachael had tried on all of her new outfits- there were ten in all and five new pairs of shoes- she found only two things didn’t fit. There was a pair of jean shorts she loved, but they were way too tight. She decided just to exchange those. The other item was a cute jean skirt, but it was too loose and way too long for Rachael’s taste. She decided to exchange this jean skirt for another jean skirt in the right size and a little shorter in length that would suit Rachael better.
At dinner she told her Aunt Margaret how nicely all but two of the pieces had fit. Her aunt gave her an envelope with the receipts and told her she could take her to exchange them in the morning or perhaps she could go with one of her friends to make the exchanges.
After dinner Rachael called Maysie who said she and Shannah would love to make a final trip to the mall to exchange the clothes. They had already completed their shopping, but Maysie had a pair of jeans and a shirt she and her mother had bought for Travis that he didn’t particularly like. She wanted to pick out something different for him because she knew he would never actually return the clothes on his own. Shopping just wasn’t his thing.
*
The next morning the girls headed to the mall around ten o’clock. They first went and exchanged Rachael’s things just like they had planned. Next, it was time to return the shirt and jeans for Travis.
“Okay, ladies.” Maysie announced. “We are on a mission. My mom said Travis actually needs a few more items. So we will return these and buy some more shirts and at least two more pairs of jeans.” 
“I don’t know about this.” Shannah said. “Shopping for a guy will be fun and all, but without him here how can we be sure any of it will fit?”
“He’s my brother. I know his sizes of course. And well let’s just say while our tastes may be completely different… I know what will look good on him even if he doesn’t.”
“Different tastes- that’s putting it lightly.” Shannah grumbled. “You are all flashy and stuff. Travis is really rugged and hot. He won’t wear any frou-frou stuff if you know what I mean.”
“I know. That’s why I have you and Rachael. You guys will be able to balance my girly tastes.” Maysie smiled.
“Thank goodness for that. I wish he were here. We could just make him try everything on.” Shannah said.
“He would never go for it. At home the most he will do is hold it up in front of himself and say- ‘Yep. That’ll fit. Next.’” Maysie stated plainly in her Travis voice.
“Then we’ll just have to do our best.” Rachael commented.
“Come on girls. This will be fun! Travis is like our own personal guy dress-up doll!” Maysie loved shopping.
“Yippee…” Shannah muttered unenthusiastically. “I should have stayed home. This shopping thing is not my gig.”
The girls walked through the mall. They went into every guy store they could find. At one store, in particular, there were fitted v-neck t-shirts with really cool designs. They decided they needed at least two of these- in different colors. 
Maysie wanted the pale lavender and sea foam green colored ones.
“Definitely not.” Rachael and Shannah said in unison.
Rachael walked over and held up the navy blue and maroon colored t-shirts on the other wall. They were also fitted and had cool designs but were more masculine in color. 
“You think?” Maysie asked. “I thought the sea foam green would really accentuate his eyes.” 
“Yeah. Maybe not.” Shannah sighed. “It can’t accentuate his eyes if he refuses to wear it. Rachael’s right. The navy and maroon are the right choices here.”
“Okay. See, that is why I brought you two. We don’t want to end back up here next weekend returning things again.”
They bought the t-shirts and headed to yet another store where Maysie spied some totally cool button up shirts that were tailored, had short sleeves and pockets on the front. There were some in plaid- blues and browns mostly. And there were some with pin stripes- in nearly every color.
“Do you think he would wear these?” Maysie asked sounding doubtful.
“I don’t know.” Shannah said. “They are really hot- and masculine- but maybe too finished for his style. What do you think, Rachael?”
“I think he will like them. Let’s get that one in the white with the thin brown pinstripes and killer design on the pockets. Maybe the green one too.”
“These shirts are fitted. This could be tricky trying to gauge his size.” Maysie said staring at the shirts unsure as to size.
“I’ll just go find a guy around the same size and build.” Shannah walked out of the store and soon returned with some random guy saying, “Luke here has volunteered to help us.”
“Ladies.” Luke said by way of greeting.
“Perfect.” Maysie said.
Luke was more than willing to help the girls out. He put on the green shirt first in a small… no way too small. Next he tried a medium. 
“Hmm.” Maysie tapped a finger on her cheek. “Ladies what do you think?”
“It’s perfect.” Shannah said more in response to the guy than the shirt.
“Rachael?”
“Yep. The medium will work. Let’s get them both.”
“Thanks Luke.” Maysie said eyeing him carefully. “What size jeans do you wear?”
“32 x 34” Luke responded with a grin.
“Bummer. I need a guy who wears a 33 x 36. Do you have any friends out in the mall that wear that size?” Maysie asked.
“Nope. Sorry ladies. Wish I could help.” Something in Luke’s eyes when he glanced at Rachael told her he really meant it. He seemed more than willing to model clothes for them all afternoon.
“Thanks anyway.” Maysie chimed. “You’ve been a huge help.”
Luke was gone and the girls now made their way to a huge department store with an enormous jean selection.
“Okay ladies- we are looking for 33 x 36.” When they both just stared at her she said, “33-inch waist. 36-inch length. Not loose and baggy, but not skin tight either. Just regular fit. Low at the waist and somewhat fitted through the thigh and butt. Not boot cut. Not slim. Just regular.”
Then from behind them they heard a familiar voice.
“Excuse me, ladies. Can I help you with your purchase?” 
It was Travis. He had Jason with him.
“Oh, good. We won’t have to pay rent and stay here all night.” Shannah sighed.
“How’s the shopping going?” He asked.
“Super!” Maysie responded excitedly. “We have bought some shirts so far- Rachael picked most of them. Wanna see?”
Travis glanced at Rachael. “Sure. If Rachael picked them, they’re probably not half bad.” After examining the bags, he added, “The t-shirts are really cool. The button-up shirts look pretty good too.”
“We had a male model.” Maysie smiled, very happy with their progress.
“A male model?” Travis laughed.
“Yep. Shannah found this guy who seemed really eager to try on anything we threw at him. And he also seemed interested in Rachael too.” Maysie added.
Rachael blushed. Travis grinned, exchanged a knowing glance with Jason and cut his eyes at Rachael. “I’ll bet he was.”
“But he wore different sized jeans than you do. I’m so glad you’re here. You can model jeans for us yourself.”
“Sure. And Jason needs a pair too.” Travis laughed.
“Why not?” Jason replied.
“What do we do?” Travis asked.
“I will help Jason pick some styles. Maybe Rachael and Shannah can help you.”
Maysie proceeded to pick out some really flashy jeans for Jason. The majority had designs and studs- even some leather patches. Out of the corner of her eye she could see Jason shaking his head as if to say ‘I don’t think so.’ ‘Hmm. Maybe not.’ But all in all he was handling it pretty well.
“She’s a mess.” Travis said softly to himself.
“We know.” Shannah said sounding exhausted from this all-day shopping experience. “You should have seen the lavender shirt she had picked earlier for you.”
“Lavender?” Was all Travis could choke out.
“Yeah. Rachael saved you from that one and the sea-foam green as well.”
“Thanks, RD. Much appreciated.” Travis said sweetly.
“RD?” Rachael asked.
“Redneck Debutante.” Travis joked.
Rachael just laughed. The three picked out a huge stack of jeans for Travis to try on- in a variety of colors including black, indigo, acid washed, light blue and navy. Travis was a good sport and agreed to try on everything except for the white jeans Maysie had thrust at him.
He went into the changing rooms with Jason- in separate stalls of course. They came out and modeled all of the jeans. In the end, the girls decided they each needed a pair of the indigo colored jeans with the tears in them, a pair of the acid washed and Maysie spent about ten minutes trying to convince Jason the pair of low waist, skinny jeans was perfect.
“Those are really nice Jason. They make you look so petite and thin. I think they do wonders for your butt.” Travis joked. 
“I know.” Jason teased back. “All the girls will just love these. Maybe with a pair of heels and a crew neck t-shirt.” Jason suggested.
“Sure. Joke you two- but trust me. I am a girl and they look good!” Maysie sounded annoyed.
“They actually do.” Rachael interjected. “I think they are hot.”
“I hate to admit it, but Maysie is right this time, guys. They are a definite buy.” Shannah added her two cents too.
“So the vote is in. Three to two the skinny jeans win!” Maysie cheered.
“Better you than me.” Travis added. “I don’t have the slender thighs for it.”
Jason reached over and punched Travis in the arm. 
But in the end, Jason gave in and bought the skinny jeans. 
What guy wouldn’t have? Three cute girls told him they were hot… and Rachael did have to admit they looked good.
Shannah announced she was starving. Everyone headed to the food court for pizza and sodas. After their late afternoon lunch Maysie suggested the shop-a-thon continue, but both Jason and Shannah said they needed to head home.
Rachael could see by the look in Maysie’s eyes she didn’t want to miss this opportunity to run Jason home, but Travis still needed shoes and some shorts.
“Travis,” Maysie suggested, “why don’t you and Rachael stay and finish shopping? You still need some more shorts and a few more shirts. I can run Jason and Shannah home.”
“Do you have anywhere you need to be?” Travis asked Rachael.
“Nope.”
Maysie. What are you doing? You think your brother likes me, and you are leaving the two of us alone? I know you like Jason and all but don’t leave me in an uncomfortable situation here. 
Travis, as if sensing Rachael’s trepidation, Travis said, “Actually, we should all head home. Sophie is coming over this evening to hang out. I need to get back.”
Rachael was instantly relieved and a little annoyed at the same time but didn’t know why.
Sophie? Hmmm.
Everyone said their goodbyes. Maysie, Shannah, and Rachael headed home while Travis ran Jason home. 
When Rachael got home, she showed her aunt and mom the new clothes she had gotten in exchange for the others. They loved her choices. Then she went into her closet and hung them up. She was still annoyed and couldn’t figure out why.
Then, several hours later, while laying in bed- nervous about her first day of school at a new high school and all…a new, huge public high school…Rachael put her finger on it.
I like Travis! OMG! What do I do?
I have a boyfriend back home! Colten! And I love Colten! Travis is cute and sweet. So is Colten. But Colten is back home and Travis is here. Is it possible to like two guys at once?
I was actually jealous when Travis chose to go home and meet Sophie instead of staying at the mall with me! What is wrong with me?
Dad. That’s it. I will call Dad.
Rachael’s father answered his phone immediately. “Something wrong, baby girl?” 
“No. Not really. Sorry to call so late. I couldn’t sleep.”
“That’s understandable. Tomorrow is a big day. Starting high school and everything.”
“I wish that was all that was bothering me.” Rachael responded glumly.
“What is it?”
“Guy troubles. Dad, I think I’m in love with Colten, but I like Travis.”
“That’s only natural. Colten is your boyfriend and he is way over here in Palm Beach. Travis is a friend, and you and he have been spending a lot of time together. Right?”
“Not just the two of us. More like in groups of friends.” Rachael clarified.
“Still, even in groups, if the two of you are compatible and you find him attractive, which I assume you do, then feelings can develop where you didn’t expect them to.”
“So what do I do?”
“If you want to stay with Colten, you need to distance yourself from Travis. With school starting it shouldn’t be so hard.” Her father advised.
“You think?” Rachael asked.
“I know, honey. You will be very busy with classes and afterschool activities. Your focus will change, and then you will see.”
“You are right, Dad. Thanks.”
“Now try to get some sleep. You have school in the morning.”
“Night, Dad. Love you.” 
“Night, honey. Love you too.”
Good. At least I am normal. Some distance and space could certainly fix everything. 
Less time with Travis is just what I need. I can do that.
Rachael picked up her picture frame and read.
Do you remember that day on the yacht?
Rachael finally breathed a sigh of relief and sank into sleep.









Chapter Twelve

Rachael rolled out of bed at 5:00A.M. She put on her boots to go out to the barn to feed Taffy her bottle, feed, and hay. 
This part of the school day was new… feeding a calf before dawn every morning before getting ready for school. Back on the Island, Rachael’s biggest concern was getting her hair and make-up perfect. This would certainly change her entire school day routine. Rachael went through the schedule in her head while Taffy sucked down the last of her bottle.
Feed Taffy. Check.
Get a shower and do hair and make-up. 
Eat breakfast.
Be ready to go by six thirty!
A quick glance at her watch told Rachael she really needed to get moving if she wanted to have time for all of that.
Rachael practically sprinted back to the house where she showered and changed in record time. 
No time to shave this morning- jeans would have to suffice! 
Hair- curly and wild today with scrunching mousse would be easiest and fastest.
Make-up... Not too much. Lip gloss, blush, mascara, shadow and liner. No time for base and powder.
Breakfast- Is it really six thirty. Maybe something on the run.
Just then Rachael heard the doorbell. 
That would be Maysie and Shannah. Okay- scratch the whole breakfast thing. There just isn’t time.
When Rachael came down the hall, she was relieved to see her mother holding a bagel with cream cheese in a napkin and coffee in an insulated mug.
“Just the way you like it. Lightly toasted. Extra cream cheese. Coffee with two sugars and extra cream. Have a great first day!” Her mother was saying.
A quick hug and a kiss goodbye and Rachael was out the door. On her way to public high school!
“Wow, Rachael! You look fantastic. Love the wild hair. It gives you a dangerous, bad girl kind of look. It’s hot!” Maysie greeted her.
“Thanks.” She jumped in Maysie’s convertible. “You guys look great too.”
Rachael looked around and noticed Travis was missing.
“He’s driving Sophie to school.” Shannah said as if she had read Rachael’s mind. “She is only a freshman.”
“That’s terrific.” Rachael said a little too enthusiastically. If either friend caught the slip-up, they didn’t make a big deal over it.
“Are you nervous?” Shannah asked.
“No. Excited really. How many kids are at this school any way?”
“About 2,500.” Shannah answered. “Our chances of having any classes together are pretty slim.”
“What math are you both taking?” Rachael asked.
“We are both in Geometry. You?” Maysie asked.
“Algebra II. I took Geometry freshman year.” Rachael had hoped they would at least have a math class in common.
“What about language classes?” Shannah asked.
“French II.” Maysie answered.
“Spanish III.” Rachael added.
“Spanish I. I am not much for the foreign languages.” Shannah giggled.
“What about science?”
“Chem II.” Rachael answered.
“Chem I.” Both Maysie and Shannah said in unison.
“It doesn’t look like we will have any classes together. Maybe PE.” Rachael was hopeful for that. One class with her friends would be good.
“If you weren’t such a brainiac...” Shannah said exaggeratedly- in jest. 
“It was that prep school. They really pushed us.” Rachael responded.
“Well with that schedule and those classes I’ll bet you will have some junior and senior guys in your classes. I know you don’t care because you have Colten and all- but we do. We will want to hear all of the details this afternoon.”
“For sure. I’ll make sure to scope out all of the hotties in both Algebra II and Chem II.” 
When the girls got to school they parked in the student lot and headed to their first period classes. That’s where they parted ways. A quick review of their schedules showed them they had only lunch together.
Well, at least we have that. I won’t have to sit alone.
Rachael was off to Algebra II. She liked the professor and thought that he was super nice. This class would be challenging but fun.
Next was Spanish II. Then English.
Why were the foreign language and English teachers always so out there? 
Her Spanish teacher was wearing a huge sombrero with an orange t-shirt and red tights. She was very flighty and a little off.
Her English Honors II teacher jumped right into Greek literature and the island of Lesbos. She had on clogs! Really? 
Yes. Those were indeed clogs. Not in the fashionable sense like Candies. No-She was wearing dancing clogs. Maybe she likes to dance around the room or something. She had on a long, flowing skirt with a floral, smock -shaped shirt. She looked like a total hippie.
Okay- so the last two classes… hmm. Not sure what to make of those.
Finally it was lunch time.
Rachael got a slice of pizza and chocolate milk. She had a seat and waited for Maysie and Shannah. 
Here they come. 
Rachael spied them in conversation with another girl and the three slowly made their way to the table.
“Hey Rachael. This is our friend Amber. She is a sophomore too.”
“Hey Amber. Nice to meet you.”
“Rachael is in a lot of smart classes with upperclassman. We are hoping she will have some hottie in there to report to us.”
“Sorry to disappoint you ladies. None yet. Maybe this afternoon in Chem II.”
“I certainly hope so.” Shannah said.
“Amber is now dating Clay. He plays football with Gabe, Jason and Travis. Do you remember him from the river?” Maysie asked.
“Yep. He is a real nice guy.” Rachael said flatteringly.
“I sure like him. We have been going out for three months.” Amber said glowing.
“Amber is a dancer here for the high school.” Maysie stated the fact for Rachael.
“Hey- Maysie, our dance captain said we are holding auditions next week. We need to replace four girls who didn’t make grades at the end of last year. Thought you might be interested.”
“Thanks Amber. I am definitely interested. I am taking a break from my dance studio for this year. I was getting a little burned out. I need a change.” 
“Dance auditions?” Rachael asked.
“Yep.” Amber continued. “Next week. Do you dance too?”
“Yes. And I miss my studio back home. Maybe we can try-out together? I have always wanted to dance for a real high school with football games and everything. At my school back home there isn’t a football team- so there isn’t much need for a dance team.” Rachael looked hopefully to Maysie.
“Hooray!” Maysie was always so upbeat. “How about you Shannah?”
“No dance for me.” Shannah stated blandly. “Don’t get me wrong- I can dance. I just don’t like to.”
“Come on.” Maysie said convincingly. “It would be fun. We can help you get ready for the try-out next week. Pleeeaaasssee! For us?”
“It would give us something to do together.” Rachael commented.
“Okay. But I am only saying okay because I will never make it and then I can watch you both from the bleachers at the games.”
“You never know. You might actually make it.” Rachael warned.
“Nah.” Shannah sounded very sure.
Just then the bell sounded and lunch was over.
Chem II here I come…
Rachael made her way to Chemistry. She walked in expecting to not know anyone and there he was… possibly the hottest senior in school.
Rachael had only been in school for one day but she had already heard girls gossiping in the hall about this guy…
Ben Grayson. 
Even his name sounded hot.
Ben had black wavy hair and blue eyes. He had penetrating eyes and was staring at Rachael. Every vibe in Rachael’s body warned her to avoid this guy. He was bad news.
Rachael walked in and took a seat as far away from Ben as she could. There was a guy in the back row wearing wire rimmed glasses. He had on a pocketed t-shirt with pens and pencils sticking out of the pockets. 
Yep- there he is. My lab partner. He looks smart, and I can’t get in to trouble with him. 
After yesterday, Rachael had decided to play it safe. Only geeks and nerds could be close guy friends. No good looking guys. She couldn’t trust herself after her random jealousy over Travis’ girlfriend Sophie yesterday.
Rachael sat down and introduced herself to Fred. Fred was sweet and had just moved here from San Francisco. Surprisingly Rachael and Fred had some things in common. They both loved math and science. They were a scholastic, chemistry lab partner match made in heaven.
After Chem II Rachael walked to PE. The first semester of the year she was assigned to take Introductory Weightlifting. 
This should be hilarious!
Rachael had never really lifted any real weights- only little barbells at the club where she played tennis. After the saddle the other day she felt like a total weakling. She changed into her gym clothes and walked down to the weight room. 
She opened the door and went inside- where she stopped dead in her tracks. 
Something was seriously wrong! 
All eyes were on Rachael. She was the only girl. About twenty guys stood staring at her like she was a piece of meat. 
There must be some mistake.
Just as she turned to flee a young coach- in his mid twenties- who was absolutely gorgeous came over to greet her. 
“Rachael?” He called. “You must be Rachael. I am Coach Gregory.”
Rachael stuck out her hand and shook Coach Gregory’s hand nervously.
“Hi Coach Gregory. I am here for Introductory Weightlifting.” Rachael explained questioningly.
“You are the only girl who has ever signed up for this class. I was surprised when I saw your name on the roster this morning.”
“Signed up?” Rachael asked confused.
“You didn’t sign up to take this class?” Now Coach Gregory seemed confused.
“No. I didn’t know I needed to sign up for any of my classes. Back home we are just assigned a schedule.”
“Oh.” Coach Gregory explained. “Here your Physical Education classes are electives. You are required to sign up for one each semester. If you don’t you are automatically assigned to a class. So here we are.”
Just then Ty, Jason, Clay and Gabe came over to say hello.
“I see you know some of the guys already.” Coach Gregory smiled.
“We are all friends.” Rachael nodded.
“Wow! Rachael! I never pegged you as the weightlifter type?” Ty said looking shocked.
“Yep. I have to be totally honest here guys- I am not sure this will be my thing. I didn’t know I had to sign up for PE electives each semester. So here I am. I guess the computer signed me up for Intro to Weightlifting.”
“I think it is really cool, Rachael.” Gabe was saying. “Now if you could just convince Shannah weightlifting would really benefit her Taekwondo. That would be cool.”
Rachael just grinned.
“I don’t mind showing you the ropes Rachael.” Ty offered kindly.
OMG! Somebody save me. The player is at it again. How soon can I drop this class?
Jason to the rescue…
“Actually Ty, I promised Maysie I would help Rachael out if she was in any of my classes. I’ve got this.”
“Thanks.” Rachael muttered.
“Don’t mention it.” Jason answered.
Undeterred Ty continued…
“Sure. But if you need a spotter on the bench or doing squats I can help you out anytime Rachael.”
“Thanks Ty. That’s really nice of you.”
Jason, Clay, and Gabe took Rachael on a tour of the weightlifting room. They showed her the squat rack, bench press, lat pull downs, leg press, bicep curl, etc. Rachael was trying to take it all in. It turned out today was just a ‘familiarize yourself with the equipment day’- which all of the guys already knew how to use. Tomorrow the real work would begin. Actually lifting weights!!
Can you say- DREAD? I am DREADING that!
Maybe it won’t be so bad. Maybe I won’t be as weak as I think I am. 
It was time to go home for the day. Rachael was relieved.
On her way to the locker room she saw everyone- and I mean everyone- was outside socializing afterschool.
Just then she heard a voice from behind her- Rachael jumped.
“Weightlifting? Intro to Weightlifting?” Travis was smiling at her. Then continued…
“I didn’t believe it when the guys told me.”
“Well- I am going to do it.” Rachael said confidently.
“I’d say you need to- after the saddle thing the other day.” Travis teased her.
“I carried it- barely, but I managed.” Rachael retorted.
“It’s just a little more meat on your bones couldn’t hurt.” Travis was playing with her. 
“I am not totally skinny.” 
Is he trying to tick me off?
“No. I never said I thought you were too thin, Rachael. As a matter of fact I like your fit figure. Not too thin- but not fat either.” Travis was smiling his extraordinary smile. He knew he had gotten to her. He was proud of himself.
“Thanks.” Rachael walked into the locker room leaving Travis standing outside. She was half dressed when Melinda walked in.
“So, you aren’t as wimpy as I initially thought you were.” She stated bluntly.
“I won’t back down from a challenge if that’s what you are asking.” Rachael countered.
“Do you still have that boyfriend back home?” Melinda asked.
“Sure do. What’s it to you?”
“Well- it just seems you’ve caught Travis Baxter’s eye and he is off-limits.”
“That’s good, because I’m not interested in him anyway.” Rachael insisted.
“Great. See you around.”
“Sure thing.” 
Rachael couldn’t quite figure Melinda out. It seemed Melinda liked her in spite of herself. She was just very different from any girl she had ever known. She was a little rough and a lot tough. 
When Rachael came outside, Travis was still waiting for her.
“You okay?” He asked.
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
“I saw Melinda go in after you. I was giving it five minutes and then I was coming in.” Travis advised her in his brotherly tone.
“I am fine, Travis. I may be from the city, but I can hold my own. I don’t need anyone to fight my battles for me.” After pausing Rachael added…
“Besides its not me I would worry about. It seems Melinda’s only concern is that I am not dating you. You are ‘off limits’. I would be more worried about Sophie than I am about me.”
“Sophie is Melinda’s second cousin, once removed. I wouldn’t worry about Sophie- she can definitely hold her own.”
Rachael just laughed.
“What is it about this place anyway? Everyone knows everyone. Or knows someone who does. Or is related in some way? It’s kind of scary. I bet you can’t do anything without someone knowing about it.”
“Do you have secrets you need to conceal, Rachael?” Travis said with a crooked grin.
“Certainly not.” Rachael thought and then mentally added
Except that my dad is facing criminal charges and may end up incarcerated.
“Then you have nothing to worry about around here- that is as long as you don’t take a secret liking to me. Then you will have something to worry about.”
When Rachael just cast him a sideways glance he added
“What can I say? I am quite the catch and Misty just can’t seem to let me go.”
“Shut up.” Rachael said jokingly as they walked back to the parking lot. 
“See you around strong girl.” Travis said as they parted ways.
Just then she heard Maysie and Shannah say-
“Hey Rachael. Ready to go?”
“For sure.” 
The three jumped in and were off. 
“We heard about the weightlifting! We should have thought to warn you that you have to go in and choose your PE class!” Maysie said apologetically.
“I think it sounds like fun!” Shannah chimed in.
“I think so too. I know a lot of the guys in there- besides Ty of course- that really made me feel right at home. Jason, Clay and Gabe. Gabe of course wanted me to convince Shannah to sign up too! Jason said he had promised Maysie he would watch out for me if he had any classes with me.”
“That’s so sweet! See – my brother is wrong- he is a nice guy!” 
“I don’t think it is that he isn’t nice, Maysie. I think he is a womanizer and Travis doesn’t want him dating his sister.” Shannah pointed out.
“Well maybe he can be a reformed womanizer.” 
“I don’t know about that.” Shannah sounded doubtful.
“Dance try-outs are next week. We better get started today. Anyone have homework?” Rachael asked them both.
“Nope.” Maysie responded first.
“Unfortunately no.” Shannah had obviously hoped they would either forget about the dance thing or that homework would offer her the perfect excuse to skip out. 
“It’s settled then. We’re off to my house. Our game room will be perfect. We can drag out my tumbling mats.” Maysie offered.
“Hooray.” Shannah sounded less than excited. 
“Guess what?” Maysie continued her enthusiasm undiminished by Shannah’s lack of enthusiasm. “I spoke with Amber some more today in fourth period after lunch. She told me the regular auditions were held last spring near the end of the school year. This summer they went to band and dance camp. I’m totally bummed we missed that- but there is always next summer. Anyhow, I guess they already know some routines, and if we make it, we will have some extra practices to catch up. So, Amber has offered to come over and teach them to us after school. I am psyched.”
“Me, too.” Rachael squealed.
“Can’t wait.” Shannah said sarcastically.
The girls spent the afternoon doing hip hop and jazz movements. They also practiced double and single pirouettes, as well as kicks.
Rachael knew Maysie was a great dancer, but it was Shannah that really surprised her. She was a quick study and her natural athleticism and flexibility from Taekwondo made it all a cinch. If she could just stick the double pirouette- she might actually make the team!
“What happened with Melinda?” Shannah asked.
“Nothing. She wanted to make sure I still had a boyfriend back home and had no interest in Travis. That’s pretty much it… So you guys knew?”
“Yep, we all saw her head in there. Shannah was going to fly in there ready for a sparring match, but Travis held her off. He said you needed to fight some of your own battles around campus or they would see you as weak.” Maysie explained.
“I totally had your back.” Shannah said still ready for a fight if necessary.
“Thanks. But the weird thing is I think Melinda actually likes me in spite of herself. It was more like a friendly chat than anything else. Anyone ever think she might be interested in Travis herself?”
“No way!” Maysie yelled.
“I think it may be a definite possibility.” Rachael commented.
“Well, she will never get Travis. He likes them girly. Look at Misty and Sophie. Real girly-girls. No tough girls for him.” Shannah attested.
“Shannah is totally right. Our mother is a real lady. He likes them sweet, kind, and very ladylike.”
“Who likes them sweet, kind, and real ladylike?” Travis called from where he was leaning in the doorway.
“You.” Maysie grinned. “We were discussing Melinda. Rachael here thinks Melinda likes you herself.”
Laughing Travis could barely get the words out.
“Melinda? You can’t be serious. I am not her type. Not enough tattoos and scars, plus I don’t dip.”
“I don’t know. I think you two would make the perfect couple Travis.” Even though they all knew Maysie was being facetious, she certainly knew how to push her brother’s buttons.
“Sure you do.” Travis turned and walked down the hall.
“That will teach him to eavesdrop!” She smiled. “Let’s get back to dance.”
After an hour, Maysie’s mother poked her head in and said Rachael’s aunt had called and she needed Rachael to head home right away. Her mother had been trying to reach her, but couldn’t get her on her cell phone. It was then Rachael realized she still had it silenced since school let out earlier this afternoon.
Her friends told her farewell. Mrs. Baxter had told her Aunt Margaret she would run her home right away. As they walked to the front door they met Travis there, keys in hand. 
“Are you running out dear?” His mother asked.
“Yes Ma’am. I have to go to Gabe’s to look at the football playbook.”
“Would you mind dropping Rachael for me? I would appreciate it.” 
“Not a problem.” 
Great. My distancing myself plan was not working out so well.
Here I am again. Alone with Travis. Yikes!
Travis opened Rachael’s door and then went around and let himself in.
“Everything okay?” 
“I don’t know. I have had my phone silenced all day. My mom never calls this often. There must be something going on.”
“With your dad you mean?”
So he knew. Well- it was her situation and reality for now. She shouldn’t be embarrassed by it.
“So, you know.”
“Not much. Just a basic outline of the story. My mom and your aunt have known each other for a long time. Remember?”
Rachael just nodded her head.
Travis stopped at the end of his long driveway. He put his truck in park and turned towards Rachael.
“Rachael- a true friend never judges another. Not the person or their situation. I am a true friend to you. I hope you realize that.”
Rachael turned to look him in the eyes. 
“Thank you, Travis. I just don’t really like to talk about it with anyone. It is just so upsetting. My dad is a strong man- but even a strong man can only take so much.”
“Don’t worry about him Rachael. I know it is not easy to do, but he wouldn’t want you to be worried all of the time.”
“I’m working on it.” Rachael responded.
“What can I do to distract you?” 
“Not much.” Rachael answered.
“I can think of one thing that would distract you, but it would get me into trouble with Sophie.”
Is he going to kiss me? Rachael knew her eyes must look like saucers! 
“I wasn’t talking about kissing you, Rachael. I was talking about taking you shopping. That always cheers girls up.”
“Why would you get into trouble with Sophie for taking me shopping?”
“She knows you helped pick out those school clothes. Let’s just say she got a little jealous.” 
“That’s not good. Colten knows we are close friends, and he isn’t threatened by you.”
“Colten is older. Sophie is a freshman. Fourteen- but acts like eight. I think maybe she is too young for me- emotionally.”
Travis started the truck and drove in the direction of Rachael’s aunt’s house. 
“Just remember, Maysie and I are your true friends- no matter what. Okay?”
“Okay.” Rachael leaned over and gave Travis a hug. “Thanks.”
Rachael climbed out and ran inside. Her aunt and mother were waiting for her inside. 
Her mother spoke first.
“Hey, honey. Have a seat. I just wanted to talk to you a little. Your aunt and I have been talking about your father and my visit over there last week. Your aunt said things went really well here during my absence. I spoke with your father today and I think he is terribly lonely and a little depressed. We wanted to ask your opinion about something.”
“Go ahead.”
“I think it might be a good idea for me to split my time between here and Palm Beach- not forever- just for a while. It was never part of the plan, but unfortunately I feel the plan needs a minor modification.”
“Is Dad okay?”
“Yes. He is fine, but I think long-term he will do better if he has someone with him some of the time.”
“My only concern is for Michael. Have you spoken with him yet Mom?”
“Yes. About an hour ago. He is totally okay with it, as long as he gets to play baseball. Of course your aunt has said she would drive him to his practices and game each week. So, he is fine. What about you? How do you feel about it?”
“I think it’s a great idea. I have friends that are of driving age, so things are a little easier for me. I am trying out for the dance team next week. If I make it I will practice a couple nights each week with football games on Friday nights. Of course I will catch a ride with Maysie and Shannah to and from practice as well as games.”
“I think that is a splendid idea Rachael.” Her Aunt Margaret was beaming.
“Good. Then it is settled. I will travel back and forth every other week. One week here, one week there sort of thing.”
“You’re doing the right thing, Mom.” Rachael gave her mother the reassurance only she could give. “We are in great hands here with Aunt Margaret.”
“Good. I feel much better.”
Rachael hugged her aunt and then her mother. She went to her room to check her messages and missed alerts. Colten had called after school. So did Ellery and Brittany. She would have to call them back later. It was getting dark outside and she needed to do her chores. She was dancing and singing in the barn, using the broom handle as a microphone when she heard footsteps behind her.
When she looked up, she saw Travis.
“Hey there. Having fun?” He asked.
Rachael hoped she wasn’t blushing again. 
“Just singing to ole’ lonesome George and Taffy.”
“Sorry to just show up, but I couldn’t just leave things the way they were earlier. I should have let you know a while ago I knew about your dad. It just never seemed like the right time. I am sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry, Travis. I’m not. I am glad you told me you knew. Now there are no secrets between us.”
“Good. I feel better already.” Travis leaned against the stall door. He had on the navy blue shirt she had picked out. It did look amazing on him. No wonder Sophie was jealous.
“You better burn those clothes if you plan on dating Sophie anymore.” Rachael suggested. 
“No. We broke up after I left Gabe’s tonight. Besides I need some single time for a while- to move past Misty and all.” 
“Oh- now I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said anything at all.”
“No don’t be. No secrets- right?”
“No secrets.” Rachael answered. “Speaking of that… my mom is going to go back and forth between here and Palm Beach for a while. I guess my dad is a little depressed and she thinks having some company will help.”
“You guys are an amazing family. I can imagine he misses you all very much.”
“He does. The weird thing is he and I talk now about much deeper stuff than we ever discussed before.”
“Like what?”
Well, I wasn’t expecting him to ask me that. Do I lie? No. The truth will be best.
“Oh. Just stuff.”
“Like?”
“You certainly are persistent, Travis Baxter.”
“You haven’t even begun to see persistent. It can’t be that awful.”
“No. It’s just embarrassing- like the first day you were going to take me out on your airboat. I thought Colten would be mad or jealous. So, I called my dad to get his opinion on whether or not a girl could have a close guy friend.”
“What did he say?”
“That it was possible. But…”
“But what?”
“But- that was it. I can’t remember the rest.”
“It sounds like you are really close. I’ve gotta run. See you tomorrow, Rachael.”
Boy that was a close call. Rachael had come very close to confessing everything…
Like… I am trying to avoid you because I think you are cute and the distancing myself isn’t working so well- because you keep popping up.
Rachael finished her chores and went inside to call Colten. They had spoken yesterday, but it still seemed like she had a million things to tell him.
First, she shared with him about her class schedule and her lunch with Amber. Shannah and Maysie. Next, she told him about the Intro to Weightlifting class.
Colten laughed his butt off at this.
“I think it’s great, baby! Just don’t go getting all thick on me.” He warned.
“Definitely not. I don’t want to be bench pressing one hundred fifty pounds or anything. I merely am looking to get stronger and be toned.”
“Sounds good to me. But I don’t think you have to worry about benching much. You will be lucky if you can do three sets of ten with just the bar! It weighs forty-five pounds.”
“Oh ye of little faith! I think lifting the bar will be a cinch.” 
“Okay. Call and tell me that tomorrow after you have actually done it. I will be interested to hear about this weightlifting adventure you have begun! I will bet you are really sore by Friday!” 
Rachael ended the call.









Chapter Thirteen

The next several days passed quickly. Rachael found her groove both at home and at school. Her days mostly consisted of Taffy chores, riding to and from school with her friends, after school dance practice at Maysie’s and homework. She was relieved when the weekend finally arrived. She didn’t have any big plans since Colten didn’t have a scheduled visit and her mother would be away visiting her father. 
Rachael spent her weekend truly relaxing and maintaining her deep, dark tan. She laid out behind the house with Shannah. They drug lawn chairs off of the back porch, had a radio playing and drank ice cold lemonade. When they got too hot they turned on the sprinklers! By the end of the weekend Rachael was beginning to feel more like herself. 
The dance audition was on Tuesday afterschool. Rachael was excited but nervous as well. Dancing at a real school was something she had always wanted to do. Now it looked like it may actually be a possibility. If anyone had told her last year she would be attending public high school the following year with a real homecoming game, prom, and a dance team, Rachael wouldn’t have believed them. Public high school was turning out to be nothing like she had expected. Her school wasn’t scary and didn’t have gangs prowling the halls or guns in the bathrooms or bullies. For the most part, it was pretty enjoyable! Rachael was enjoying it so much she wasn’t sure she wanted to return to prep school or could. Now that she had experienced the culture of a big high school, prep school actually seemed pretty dull. Maybe it was just the newness of it all. And in time maybe that newness would wear off. Rachael would find out. She didn’t have to make a decision today. It wasn’t even an option for her to return to prep school at this time. So why borrow trouble and worry about it? Rachael decided to push it to the back of her mind, for now anyhow.
*
On Tuesday morning, she woke up early enough to even straighten her hair. That was a rarity for her anymore. It just seemed she had a lot more to do now in the mornings with Taffy and all. She decided to wear her new jean shorts and a cute pink top that had lace trim around the bottom and sleeves. She put on some black flats and was all ready to go. Rachael had packed a bag for the dance tryout. In it she had her favorite dance tights, a pair of dance shorts and matching top, a hair tie and her jazz boots. Maysie pulled up and honked on the horn. As usual, she was right on time.
When Rachael ran out and jumped in the backseat she could see Maysie looked excited and Shannah sick.
“What’s wrong Shannah?”
“Oh, nothing much. Just the fact I have never done a dance audition before.”
“Don’t worry. We will be right with you. It will be easy. We have shown you everything you need to know. You will probably be better prepared than most of the girls there today. Just remember to smile the entire time. Showmanship is very important to any dance team.” Rachael reassured her.
“Besides- Amber told me everything that usually is in the audition. First, they have us line up in two lines. They ask us to do single pirouettes, then doubles. There won’t be any triples- so don’t worry. Next, we will learn a short routine that combines mostly jazz, hip hop and some ballet- not too much ballet though. Finally, they will ask us to do some leaps- grand jete and such, just to see how well we can move down the field. You know all of these things. It will be a cinch! You’ll see.” Maysie added.
“I’ll just feel better when it is over.” Shannah confessed.
“Me too.” Rachael sighed. 
The girls went through the motion of their day. Class after class, lunch and then two more classes. When the final bell rang, they all headed to the locker room to change. Then it was down to the dance room. When they got there, they couldn’t believe there were twenty girls there, mostly freshman who hadn’t known about the dance auditions last year. The girls sat down on the floor and began stretching. At a table at the back of the room were five judges. Maysie recognized them as the captain, co-captain, dance coach, Varsity cheer coach and Band Director. She pointed them out to Rachael and Shannah and explained who each one was.
The co-captain got up and came over to lead everyone through a series of stretches. 
Rachael hadn’t been stretching enough this summer and realized just how much she had missed it- and needed it.
Then, just as Maysie had described this morning the girls were lined up in two rows where they were asked to do single and double pirouettes on both sides. Rachael could see the judges taking notes and watching how well the girls were spotting.
Rachael was smiling so hard her face hurt! But she still kept smiling.
Next they learned a three minute routine. The captain and co-captain taught the routine in less than fifteen minutes. They then gave the girls ten minutes to run through it on their own and then one time with the music. Next came the real thing.
The girls went through the routine one last time with music for the judges. Now the hard part was over, there was the one final step. The leaps, turns, and kicks.
First the girls did their grand jete crossing the floor in diagonals. Next they were asked to do pique and chaines turns across the floor, followed by stepping high kicks. 
When it was all over- the captain, Trisha who was a senior, had a few announcements to make. 
“Thank you ladies for coming out to the audition. We will be making our selections this evening and will post the names of the four dancers we have chosen by tomorrow morning. The list will be posted on the outside of the dance room doors located there behind you. The four dancers will be chosen based on their overall scores of technique and showmanship. 
“Also, please be aware that for the dancers that have made the team, we will be beginning practices this week on Thursday evening at seven o’clock. After this week, practice is every Tuesday and Thursday evening from seven to nine, here in the dance room. We also practice on Wednesday immediately after school for one hour. 
“Does anyone have any questions?”
When no one raised their hands or asked any questions, everyone was dismissed. Trisha uttered a final, “Good luck!” 
The room cleared very quickly. As the girls walked to the locker room to get their book bags and dance bags, it was Maysie who spoke first.
“That was so much fun!” 
“How do you feel things went?” Rachael asked Shannah. She was in the front row, while Shannah was in the back row. She therefore hadn’t been able to watch her during the routine portion of the dance tryout. She only hoped she had nailed the routine.
“I did great! I couldn’t believe it. I was so nervous going in there, but after doing the routine I realized you two were right. I was totally prepared! It couldn’t have gone any better than it did. Now, whether I can sleep tonight while waiting for the list to be posted… that is a different story.”
“I have an idea. Why don’t you guys stay the night at my house?” Maysie suggested. “That way we can get up bright and early. We can drive to the coffee shop near school and have breakfast. Then we will be there bright and early to check the list.”
“My dad will never go for it.” Shannah said. “Especially not on a school night. Can we do it this weekend instead- as kind of a celebration of making the team? That is if we all make it.”
“Good idea.” Rachael said. “Let’s stay at Shannah’s house. We can practice some more Taekwondo while we are there. Who knows when we will need to use it.”
All of the friends were laughing at this. 
By now the girls had gotten home and pulled up to Rachael’s house. 
Aunt Margaret was smiling when she opened the front door. Before Rachael could ask what was going on, Aunt Margaret blurted out
“You got a call from a girl by the name of Trisha with the dance team. She left a number and wants you to call her back.”
“Oh. She said the names of the girls who made the team would be posted tomorrow morning before school. I wonder what she wants.”
Rachael took the note from her aunt and dialed Trisha’s cell phone.
“Hi this is Trisha.”
“Hi Trisha. This is Rachael Harte- returning your phone call.”
“Hi Rachael. I know we said we would post the list tomorrow morning, but we usually go ahead and call the girls that made the team the same day.”
“Really?”
“Yes. So congratulations! You made the team!”
“Yay!!” Rachael was elated.
“So pack a bag.” Trisha continued. “Part of the tradition is a slumber party. I have already spoken with your aunt and she said okay. We will be by to pick you up around 6:00pm.”
“Okay.”
“And Rachael- please don’t tell anyone else. It needs to be a surprise.”
“Gotcha.”
Rachael disconnected the call and hugged her aunt. She was jumping up and down squealing. 
“I already packed your bag. Go feed Taffy so you can get cleaned up and be ready to go.” Her aunt ordered.
“Yes Ma’am.” Rachael said with a smile.
On her way out to the barn Rachael was so nervous for Shannah and Maysie she couldn’t stand it. Had they received the same call she had? She gave her word that she wouldn’t call or anything. Rachael only had an hour until Trisha arrived. She was on pins and needles the entire time and could think of nothing else. 
After feeding Taffy, she ran inside and took a really fast shower. Hair still wet she put on her mascara and lip gloss- just the basics would have to do. She grabbed her overnight bag and ran down the hall when she heard the doorbell.
Trisha and the co-captain, Sabrina, were standing in the doorway.
“First we will explain the rules. 
Rule #1: You must wear this blindfold until we arrive at Sabrina’s house and instruct you to remove it.
Rule #2: There can be no talking in the van on the ride to Sabrina’s house. We don’t want you to give away your identity.
Rule #3: You must have fun!!!
Okay- are you ready?”
Rachael nodded her head. Her aunt came over and gave her a kiss.
Trisha put the blindfold in place and walked her to the minivan. Trisha told her when to step up and assisted her in finding her seat.
Next they were on their way to pick up someone else. Rachael could hear a girl seated somewhere in the back of the minivan. She only knew she was there because she could hear her breathing.
A few minutes later they made a turn and went down a very bumpy road. 
Could this be Shannah’s driveway? Rachael hoped so!
The minivan stopped and Trisha and Sabrina jumped out. They were gone about five minutes. When they came back they were giving someone the same instructions they had given her. That someone climbed in and was carefully seated next to Rachael.
Next the van continued on its journey to another house- somewhere nearby. 
This must be Maysie.
Trisha and Sabrina jumped out again. While the doors of the minivan were open, Rachael heard the rumble of a large diesel pick-up truck in the driveway.
Travis’ truck. This had to be Maysie’s house.
Just then she heard another girl being seated in the minivan. The doors were closed and they were on their way again.
“No talking.” Trisha said with a hint of laughter in her voice.
They drove for what seemed like an eternity. Sabrina must live somewhere in town- maybe Bradenton.
When they arrived, thirty minutes later, Trisha repeated her earlier instructions. The restrictions on talking were still in place.
Trisha and Sabrina had the girls hold hands and led them inside. At the front door they stopped and knocked three times- obviously signaling the girls inside they had arrived.
Rachael heard a lot of commotion on the other side of the door- giggling and shushing mostly. The door opened.
The girls were guided in, still blindfolded. 
“You may remove your blindfolds.” Sabrina stated.
When they removed their blindfolds all of the other dancers jumped out and yelled
“Surprise!”
Rachael looked around her and saw she was standing beside Maysie and Shannah, as well as a freshman she remembered from the audition named Alex. They all hugged each other.
“Come on in. We have pizza, cake and ice cream to celebrate. Later there will be Karaoke and dancing!!!” Sabrina announced.
The girls went around and introduced themselves to the other girls. The dance team was quite large with twenty girls in all. Two of the dancers weren’t at the slumber party, but everyone else wasted no time in getting to know Rachael, Maysie and Shannah.
“So, let’s talk boys.” Trisha announced. 
This started a huge conversation about who had boyfriends and who didn’t, how long they had been dating, what grade they were in, etc.
Maysie admitted to having a crush on Jason. Shannah wouldn’t admit to liking or being interested in anybody in particular. Rachael of course told them all about Colten- her super cute boyfriend with the British accent. They all couldn’t wait to see him!
Trisha had gone through a break up with her senior boyfriend of one year this summer. Turns out it was the ever-popular Ben Grayson! No wonder Rachael had already heard his name all over campus. A guy like him comes back on the market and every girl is interested! Ben Grayson had quite the reputation for dating a lot of girls. 
He must be making up for lost time. 
Trisha didn’t seem bothered by the fact she and Ben had broken up. She admitted she had a crush on a new guy… an underclassman.
All the girls in the room set out to guess who it was. Trisha decided to make a game of it. The girls started throwing out their questions. Trisha could only give them a ‘yes’ or ‘no’ answer. Each girl was allowed to ask one question. Trisha figured that in seventeen questions they should have it figured out.
“Is he a freshman?” Jody asked.
“No.”
“Is he a sophomore?” Tina asked.
“Yes.”
“Is he tall?” Marcey asked.
“Yes.”
“Is he blonde?” Lisa asked. 
“No.”
“Is his hair dark brown?” Jen asked.
“Yes.”
“Is his hair long?” Alex asked.
“No.”
“Is his hair short and spiky?” Gina asked.
“Yes.”
“Does he play football?” Selena asked.
“Yes.”
“Is he on defense?” Shannon asked.
“No.”
“Is he the quarterback?” Caitlin asked.
“No.”
Although Shannah would never admit it, Rachael was sure she looked relieved! Gabe was the quarterback- 
Hmmm. Maybe she did like Gabe after all! Only time would tell.
“Is he on the offensive line?” Melissa asked.
“No.”
“Is he a tight end?” Savannah asked.
“Technically no.” Laughing so hard she thought she might pee her pants she quickly added “But he does have a ‘tight end’.” 
She emphasized the ‘tight end’ part by making hinged quotation marks in the air with her fingers when she said it.
“Is he a running back?” Rachael asked.
“No.”
Rachael was sure she saw Maysie breath a sigh of relief. Everyone knew Maysie liked Jason and he was a running back. But, he was also a junior, and Trisha had said the guy was a sophomore.
“Is he a full back?” Amber asked.
“Yes.” 
“Is he my brother?” Maysie asked.
“Yes.”
All of the girls were laughing. 
Rachael wasn’t sure why but she was a little bothered that the most popular girl in school had a crush on Travis. 
Maybe it is because we are such good friends and I know he has just gone through this awful break-up with Misty. And he did tell me he wasn’t quite ready to start dating anyone so soon. He and Sophie just broke up this weekend! Or was that last weekend? 
I am not sure. He is a big boy though. He doesn’t need me butting into his personal business. I am sure he is more than capable of handling his own dating portfolio. 
On the other hand- he did choose Misty! What does that say about his character judgment? It is very obviously flawed.
Wait a minute. I don’t even know Trisha. She may be a super nice, good girl. Right? Just because she dated a loser like Ben doesn’t make her a loser. 
Just then Maysie and Shannah were sitting beside her on the floor. Maysie had the karaoke song book and was asking her to sing some eighties pop song.
“Rachael?” She said.
“Yep.” 
“You totally zoned out on us. Did you hear me?” 
“Sure. Of course. I would love to sing that song with you.”
“Good. Let’s go.”
Maysie jumped up and shouted, “Rachael and I will go first!”
The girls had a blast and seemed to really enjoy themselves. Everyone was in bed by eleven because it was a school night and all. 
*
The next morning Travis showed up around seven thirty to take Maysie, Shannah and Rachael to school. Maysie’s mom had sent him. It had been all part of the arrangements made by Sabrina and Trisha the night before. 
When Travis came to the door, Trisha was waiting.
“Hey Travis.”
“Hi Trisha. How have you been? I haven’t seen you since last year.”
“Great. I spent the summer on Daytona Beach at my grandmother’s condo over there.”
“Oh really. I hope you had fun.” Travis responded.
“A blast.” Trisha said batting her eyelashes in an attempt to flirt with Travis.
“Oh. Good. Are Maysie, Shannah and Rachael ready to go?”
“Sure are. They are in the back room. I will go get them. Wanna come in?” She said in a syrupy sweet voice.
“No thanks. I will wait outside. Just let them know I am here.” Travis walked back out to his truck, hopped in and listened to the radio. 
Just then Maysie, Shannah and Rachael came running out and jumped in the truck.
“Got everything?” Travis asked.
“Sure do.” Maysie responded. 
Travis backed out of the driveway and they were on their way to school.
“Did you guys have fun?” He asked.
Rachael could see from where he was sitting in the driver’s seat he was grinning from ear-to-ear. 
“Sure did.” Maysie chimed.
“Congratulations.”
“Don’t you want to know what we did last night?” She asked.
“I am not sure. That depends.” He teased.
“Oh. You can’t fool me Travis. I know you are dying to hear about what we did.”
“I have a definite feeling you are going to tell me anyway.”
“I sure am. We played a game.”
That seemed to really catch Travis’ interest. 
“What sort of game?” 
“A question asking game where we each got to ask one question. Trisha would only answer ‘yes’ or ‘no’. We had to try to figure out who she has a crush on.”
“Oh. That sounds like a bunch of fun.” Travis said in an understated tone.
“Do you want to know who it is?” Maysie asked.
“Sure. Go ahead and tell me.”
“YOU!” 
Travis was silent. It seemed to either really surprise him or have no affect on him at all. No one was quite sure. Finally he simply said, “I hadn’t heard that.” And cast Maysie a glance only a twin could interpret. 
What was that all about?
Rachael didn’t think Travis disliked Trisha. Maybe he was good friends with Ben Grayson. Ben wasn’t on the football team though- he was a tennis player. Strange. Rachael was sure in time she would figure it out. 
*
The three friends started dance that afternoon after school. To all of their surprise, the two dancers that had missed the slumber party were Misty and Honey! They had made the dance team at the end of the school year last year. Of course they had gone to band camp with the rest of the team and therefore felt they had an advantage over Rachael and her friends.
It is no wonder they didn’t come to Sabrina’s slumber party. It would have been awkward for Maysie because of Misty and Travis’ break-up. It would have been really awkward playing that game of Trisha’s about Travis- for obvious reasons! Maybe Misty already knew about Trisha’s crush on Travis. Both Misty and Honey were very friendly to Rachael, Maysie and Shannah. 
It was clear they were working hard to be on their best behavior.  
After their first real dance practice, Maysie’s mother was there to take them all home. Travis had football practice with the rest of the guys every afternoon. 
So much for having to avoid Travis. Rachael never saw him at all anymore.









Chapter Fourteen

Rachael kept busy for the next several weeks between dance practice and homework. By their fourth week of school, it was time for the first football game of the season and Colten would be here to watch Rachael dance at halftime! He was driving over Friday afternoon as soon as school let out to stay the weekend. His parents had said he could stay until Sunday around noon.
On Friday afternoon, the girls went to the local pizza place that was a short walk from school for dinner before the game. Most of the dance team went together. Even Misty and Honey decided to join in the fun.
Rachael had pre-game jitters. She wasn’t sure if she was more nervous about dancing in front of a large crowd in a football stadium or of seeing Colten for the first time in four weeks. Rachael knew her feelings for Colten hadn’t changed, but she was concerned his feelings for her might have. They still talked on the phone every evening before bed and he was just as caring as he had always been, but something in his tone seemed a little different than before. Rachael was sure she was just imagining it and hoped this weekend together would prove that. 
“Earth to Rachael…” Shannah said between sips of soda.
“Oh, sorry. I’m just excited about the game tonight… and then of course there’s Colten- I haven’t seen him in four weeks. That’s a long time when you have been used to seeing someone everyday for six months. It has been a little bit of an adjustment for us.”
“That’s understandable. I have never had a long-distance relationship, but I understand it is incredibly difficult. I have never had a serious boyfriend at all.” Shannah confided.
“Colten is the only boyfriend I have ever had.” 
“Really?” Shannah asked. “That makes me feel better. So many of the other girls have been going out with guys since middle school. It just never was something I was interested in- until recently I mean. I feel like kind of a late bloomer.” 
Maysie had just returned from the salad bar. She set her plate down and plopped down in her chair.
“Don’t say that Shannah.”
“Well that’s easy for you to say. You went ‘steady’ with your first boyfriend in eighth grade.”
“Yeah, but that doesn’t count. I wasn’t allowed to really date or go to the movies with him or anything. Then, now that I am sixteen- I can’t seem to get a date with the one guy I want to go out with.”
“Be patient. Maybe in time.” Rachael continued. “Besides, I think even Travis is warming up to the idea of you dating Jason.”
“Oh- I don’t know about that!” Maysie said shaking her head.
Trisha announced they would need to walk back to campus in about ten minutes to stretch and walk through their half-time routine on the field before the football players got out there to warm up. This was something else completely new to Rachael- this marking thing.
Marking was a way that the dance team rehearsed with the band on the field. At practice they would go through all of the steps on the field, their transitions in moving down the field from one formation and dance routine to the next. The first two weeks had been a difficult learning curve for all four of the new dancers. Then finally this week it had all come together! 
Thank goodness! Just in time for the first game! 
Everyone stood up and threw their trash away. After grabbing their purses and other items, the dance team slowly made their way out the door and back down the sidewalk leading to campus. Rachael could feel the butterflies in her stomach getting more frenzied by the minute. When they got to campus everyone went into the locker room where Trisha instructed them they had twenty minutes to get dressed in their uniforms and put any finishing touches on their make-up before they needed to head out to the field.
Rachael liked most of their uniforms, but the one Sabrina and Trisha had selected for tonight’s halftime show was her favorite! It was covered in purple and black sequins and had a separate top and bottom. The top had short puffy sleeves and a neckline that cut almost straight across the base of the throat. Then just below that area there was a tear-dropped shaped cutout on the chest. It wasn’t overly revealing- just feminine. The top ended about mid-ribcage. The matching sequined skirt was very frilly and relatively short. It had an ultra-low waist line that sat just below the girls’ hipbones and really flattered their trim, flat stomachs. Underneath they all wore matching purple bloomers and dance tights with matching black jazz boots. 
Rachael got dressed and headed to the bathroom to apply some stage make-up. Amber had warned her that the lights of the stadium could really bleach you out and make you look really pale- almost gray in color!
I certainly don’t want that! Especially with Colten coming to see me! But I don’t want to overdo it either. Maybe Amber can help me.
Just then Amber stepped in front of the mirror as well.
“Need some help with your make-up Rachael?” 
“Sure do. I am afraid of looking pale, but I don’t want to have too much on either.”
“Let’s see what I can do with you. Can I see your make-up bag?”
Just then Maysie and Shannah came over to the mirror, too.
“We all need some guidance.” Maysie suggested.
“Okay- watch carefully and learn from Amber’s Intro to Dance Makeup Class 101.”
Amber skillfully applied blush, eyeliner and lots of mascara. The finishing touch she dug out of her own make-up bag. It was bright red lip stick.
“Red?” Rachael asked doubtful.
“Trust me- from a distance it will look great. Up close it will be a little scary I admit.”
All of the girls copied what Amber had done with Rachael’s makeup. When they all looked in the mirror they just laughed. 
“Boy that’s a lot of make-up. I feel like a clown.” Shannah said. 
“But remember- no one will be standing this close to you.” Amber reassured them.
“Okay. If you say so.”
The girls left the locker room and felt immediately better when they saw all of the other girls made up just like them. 
So we all look ridiculous together. That’s not so bad.
They made their way over to the field where the other band members were already assembling. The girls began stretching. Thank goodness the field was dry today- there hadn’t been any rain or anything. 
They sat down in their splits and were led through a series of stretches by Sabrina. After ten minutes of stretching, the band director announced they would start their blocking and marking. They would only have enough time for one run-through before the football players would need the field for their warm-ups. The girls jumped up and went to their positions on the field for their first routine. 
Thirty minutes later, they had accomplished their goal of a run through. Trisha assembled the dance team on the sideline and explained to them they would need to be in the bleachers, seated and ready to go, ten minutes before kick off. 
Good. That will give me some time to check my phone and see if Colten called.
 And grab a drink at the concession stand. I am seriously thirsty.
A quick glance at her phone she had stowed in her bag in the bleachers, along with everyone else’s cell phones, showed that Colten hadn’t called. She knew he was on his way and would be here in time. Rachael put her phone away and walked with her other friends to the concession stand.
“Any call from Colten?” Maysie asked.
“Nope. But I know he had planned on leaving right after school. He’ll be here in time.” Rachael felt she was saying this to reassure herself as much as Maysie.
“I know he will! He wouldn’t miss this for the world.” Maysie said supportively.
On their way back from the concession stand, the girls crossed the end zone to get to the student bleachers where the band sat during the game. Rachael and the others immediately noticed the football players were coming out of their locker room and slowly gathering on the sideline for their warm-ups.
“Look at Jason.” Maysie sighed. “He looks so cute in his football uniform!” 
“Especially the pants.” Shannah grinned. “I know you Maysie- don’t try to pretend you weren’t just checking out his butt.”
“Who me?” Maysie asked innocently. “Never.” 
As the guys made their way to the sideline the girls had to walk right passed them. 
“Nice make-up ladies.” Travis said laughing.
“It will look good from far away- as in the stands you goober.” Maysie retorted.
“Good from far, but far from good. Is that right?”
Rachael couldn’t help but laugh at that one. It was actually pretty funny.
“Did you work on that one all day Travis?” Maysie countered.
Just then Gabe joined the conversation.
“I actually think it looks really nice. Especially on Shannah. It gives you ladies a kind of pop idol type of look. Kind of exotic.”
Shannah just rolled her eyes. “Yeah. Okay.”
“We better get to the stands. We’ll see you all a little later.” Rachael decided to go for a quick, peaceful ending to the conversation.
As they made their way to the stands, Rachael scanned the middle section right near the fifty yard line for Colten. They had agreed he would sit somewhere there- down in front so it would be easy for Rachael to spot him. 
Still no sign of Colten…
As if she had read her mind, Shannah leaned over and whispered
“Don’t worry- he’ll be here.”
Rachael just nodded and the girls climbed the bleachers to their row. They made their way across and sat with the other dancers. Ten minutes later there was the coin toss followed by the kick-off. The pounding of the drums so nearby was deafening but exhilarating at the same time. Rachael was amazed by the huge display of school spirit- not only by the band, but by the fans and cheerleaders as well. The first quarter flew by and there still wasn’t any sign of Colten. Rachael was beginning to panic. 
Then with only four minutes remaining in the first half, Rachael saw him making his way through the crowd to the fifty yard line. He found a seat about half way up to the top of the bleachers where he had a seat. 
He made it!
Rachael was so relieved. Just then all of the dancers and band members began to make their way down to the field for the halftime show. The first half was almost over, with Rachael’s high school leading fourteen to seven. As the final seconds ticked down, Rachael did a quick run-through of the halftime routine in her head. 
Yep- all ready. I can do this!
The away band took the field and began their show. They were phenomenal. It was Riverside High School from over in Sarasota. According to Maysie, they always had an amazing band with bagpipes and everything! Maysie was right- they were really good! They were just finishing up when Rachael’s nervousness returned.
Rachael had performed in front of large crowds at her yearly dance recitals and in competitions, but somehow this was different. The crowd… the stadium… the lights… And the overall noise level made it very exciting! She took a deep breath as she marched with her band and they took the field.  The rest of the halftime performance was a blur. Rachael knew she hit every move, leap and turn correctly. When they ended their final song and she stood holding her arms high with jazz hands blazing- Rachael knew she had stuck it! The dance routines, the transitions- everything! The crowd erupted with applause and cheering. 
Rachael looked and found Colten. He was standing and yelling along with everyone else.
After halftime, Rachael returned to the bleachers with the band and her dance team. Sabrina and Trisha commended the girls on a super performance. Rachael looked over at Maysie, Shannah and Alex in her row. All four friends shared a knowing look.
Whew. We nailed it! And thank goodness that is over! The first one is behind us now girls.
The second half of the game was fantastic with EMHS defeating Riverside twenty-one to seven. Maysie was sure there would be a party tonight to celebrate the huge win! The entire dance team was buzzing about it. As the girls made their way down the bleachers towards the track that surrounded the football field, Rachael saw Colten waiting for her.
Rachael couldn’t get down to him quickly enough. When she finally made it they hugged as if they hadn’t seen each other in a year. 
“Hey Colten.” Maysie called. 
“Hi, Maysie. Shannah. It’s good to see you both again. You all did such a fantastic job out there. I can’t believe you learned all of that in three short weeks! It was incredible.”
“Thanks.” Maysie chimed. “We were just telling Rachael there will most definitely be a party tonight to celebrate the win. Everyone will be there- if you and Rachael don’t have plans already we would love for you to join us.”
Colten looked to Rachael for guidance on the answer to this question.
“Sounds great. We’d love to. Where will it be?” Rachael inquired.
“Probably at Jason’s house. His parents have some property. There will be a bonfire and everything.”
“Sure. We’ll stop by.”
“Great. I’ll text Rachael with the address and directions.” Maysie smiled.
“See y’all later.” Shannah waived as they both walked away.
After the others were a short distance away, Rachael turned and asked Colten
“Are you really up to going out?” 
“Sure thing. I would love to meet all of your new friends here. I think it’s important. We can stop by for an hour or so.”
Colten leaned over and gave her a light kiss on the lips.
Rachael and Colten walked back to the locker room to get the rest of her belongings. Rachael decided while she was in there it might be a good idea to wash off some of the make-up before going out. Rachael changed back into her jeans and fitted pale blue t-shirt. After changing her shoes and scrubbing her face, she reapplied light makeup and was ready to go. 
When she came outside she saw Colten was not alone. Brittany was standing there right beside him!
“Surprise!” Brittany yelled as Rachael appeared.
“Brittany!” Rachael ran over to give her a hug. “Where did you come from?”
“I was sitting in a different section of the bleachers! Colten thought it would be best to surprise you after the game, not during. We totally didn’t want to mess up your dance performance by distracting you before halftime!”
In that moment Rachael was overwhelmed by how much she had really missed Brittany during the last month and a half. Brittany- oblivious to the world around her and Rachael’s teary eyed smile- continued talking, 
“You look great! I wasn’t so sure about the new pop star make-up a while ago, but after an hour or so I began to think you could actually pull that off! With your wild blonde hair and all- it was totally you- like a new adventurous you!” 
“Yep. Well, don’t get too used to it Brittany. It was only for the game.”
“Oh, like only for special occasions and all. I can see that now. Maybe like for your Debutante Ball- now that would be something. Talk about making an entrance!”
Okay- so she still doesn’t get that it is just stage make-up. LOL
Unabated and still enthusiastic Brittany continued…
“I was super scared about coming here to this game and everything! Everything you hear about public school and the gangs and the gang violence. But Colten convinced me I would survive the night.”
“Oh Brittany. That stuff happens in big, intercity high schools- not here in Bradenton. This is a relatively small town.”
Brittany still seemed a little confused, so Rachael just said, “I sure have missed you. Are you staying the whole weekend?”
“No. My parents are coming to get me in the morning. I am only here for tonight.”
“Wow. That is really nice of them.”
“Nah. Not really. My mom is going shopping in Naples and is going to grab me on her way down. It was the perfect weekend to come visit.”
“Fantastic. We are going to a bonfire party tonight with a lot of my friends here. I would love for you to meet them all.” 
“Great!”
Rachael, Colten and Brittany made their way out to the parking lot where Colten’s jeep was parked. Just then Rachael’s cell phone beeped. She checked it and she had a new text from Maysie. It said
‘Party. Jason’s. 151 Lakeview St. C u there.’
After running through a drive-thru for some burgers, fries, snacks, and drinks, the group was on their way to Jason’s house. Rachael was thankful for the GPS on Colten’s phone. In about twenty minutes they had found it. Rachael couldn’t believe the number of vehicles parked there. It looked like every person in school was there. Cars, jeeps and trucks lined the road on both sides. They parked and made their way up to Jason’s yard.
From the front yard they could hear loud music playing out back and lots of kids talking, yelling and having a good time. As they walked behind Jason’s house Rachael could see the bonfire. Everyone was standing around it and the pool. Some kids were dancing on the pool deck, while others had actually jumped in and were swimming. Beyond the house and yard there was a dock leading out onto the lake. Even from this distance Rachael could make out a ski boat and jet skis in the dark. 
Just then Jason ran over to say ‘hi’.
“Hey, Rachael. Colten- it’s good to see you again.” Then, he turned his attention to Brittany and asked, “So who is your friend?”
“This is Brittany. She is one of my best friends from back home. She came to surprise me.” 
“That’s cool. I love surprises.” Jason answered. 
He was obviously interested in Brittany. 
Who wouldn’t be? Brittany was very curvy and the super tight, pale yellow tank top she was wearing perfectly complemented her golden blonde hair, blue eyes and tanned skin. 
“Maybe I can take Brittany around and introduce her to everyone.” Jason suggested.
Uh oh. Maysie is not going to like this.
But before Rachael could intervene, Brittany was saying
“Sure. I’d like that Jason.”
And there they went. Rachael and Colten just smiled at each other. They then walked hand-in-hand up to where Maysie, Shannah, Gabe, Clay, Amber, Travis and Trisha were standing.
Ah. So Trisha had decided to make her move. This should be interesting.
“Hey Colten.” Travis said by way of greeting. “What’s up man? Good to see ya again.”
“Yep. You too.” 
The guys exchanged a handshake. 
“So, who is your friend?” Maysie asked.
Great. Here we go. But surprisingly Maysie doesn’t sound annoyed.
“That’s one of my best friends from back home, Brittany. She came to visit me for the night. Her parents are taking her shopping tomorrow in Naples and will be picking her up on their way by.”
“That’s GREAT!” Maysie said a little too enthusiastically.
Rachael and Maysie exchanged a knowing look. Rachael could almost feel the relief washing over Maysie.
Don’t worry girl. She is not going to be here often enough to steal your man…Rachael thought to herself and smiled. If someone were interested in Colten that way, she would feel exactly the same way.
Everyone stood chatting for a long time when Colten and Rachael decided it was time to go. Rachael was tired and wanted to get home. 
“I’ll go find Brittany. I haven’t seen her in a while.” She whispered in Colten’s ear so no one- especially Maysie- heard her. She and Colten excused themselves and went in search of Brittany. It didn’t take long to find her.
Brittany and Jason were down on the dock, behind the house, at the very end leaning on the rail. While it was dark and difficult to see them clearly, Rachael could have sworn they were kissing when she and Colten first stepped out onto the dock!
Upon hearing the approaching footsteps they nearly jumped apart a foot or two.
Brittany… What are you doing? You barely know him. Kissing isn’t a crime or anything. Maysie would just die! I can never tell her about this.
“Hey guys.” Brittany said. “Jason here was just showing me his boat and the lake. Isn’t it just beautiful at night with all the stars and everything?”
“It sure is.” Colten answered.
“Hey Brittany- are you ready to go? Colten and I wanted to head home.” 
“Sure.” Then she turned to Jason. “Thanks for showing me around Jason. It was fun. I’ll see you next time I come to town to visit Rachael.”
Hardly. I am keeping you as far away from him as I can. Yikes… I don’t need friend problems of any kind. I already have enough problems.
“Thanks Jason. Fun party.” Rachael said smugly and turned to go home with Colten and Brittany in tow.
It was very quiet on the ride home. Brittany knew Rachael was annoyed at her and so did Rachael. Rachael decided to put it behind them immediately. Brittany hadn’t known Jason was the crush of her closest friend here- Maysie of course. Rachael was sure when she told Brittany that little fact, Brittany would be sure to not let it happen again. She wouldn’t want to cause Rachael any trouble. She would understand. 
When they got home, Colten made the excuse of going inside to carry the bags into their rooms while Rachael asked Brittany to help her check Taffy in the barn. When they got out to the barn Brittany squealed
“OMG! What’s that stank?”
Rachael just laughed.
“When I first moved here it really bothered me too, but not anymore. Now I barely notice it.”
“That’s because it has permanently damaged your sinus cavities!” Brittany said holding her nose and breathing through her mouth.
“No really. If you think this is bad you should smell the dairy five miles away. Now that stinks!”
“No thank you.”
Rachael decided now was better than never so she launched into what she was sure would be an uncomfortable conversation for the both of them.
“Hey Britt- it looked like you and Jason got pretty cozy out there on the dock.”
“Yep. I kissed him. He’s single right?”
“Yes. Technically he is single, but my closest friend Maysie has a huge crush on him. I just wouldn’t want her mad at me or anything.”
“It’s not like I am moving here or anything Rachael. I was just having a little fun. Besides- your friend Maysie can just get over it. He isn’t her boyfriend.”
Wow! This was not how I expected this conversation to go!
“No, he is not, but if it were the other way around and Maysie had come to Palm Beach to visit us- and TJ had come over and hit on Maysie- I would tell her the same exact thing. You have a crush on TJ and that Maysie kissing TJ would make you uncomfortable and therefore put me, as a friend to both of you, in an awkward situation.”
“I can see how you feel, but I don’t like TJ anymore. I have set my sights on someone else.”
“Fine. Let’s go inside.”
Now Rachael was angry. This was basic girl code- every girl knows you don’t go after a friend’s crush- even if it is a friend of a friend!
“Yep. I need a shower after being out here in this smelly barn anyway.” 
Both girls walked in silence to the house. When they came in, Aunt Margaret showed Brittany to the bathroom and Mrs. Harte’s bedroom where she would be sleeping. Mrs. Harte was still over in Palm Beach visiting Rachael’s father.
“Let’s take a walk.” Rachael suggested to Colten.
They went out to the barn and talked in private there. Rachael told Colten about the conversation she had just had with Brittany and how badly it had gone. 
“I feel so horribly for having brought her. I thought it would be a nice surprise.” Colten said sounding very down.
“No- it was a great surprise. You aren’t responsible for her bad attitude in any way. I just thought once she knew that Jason was Maysie’s crush she would have seen it differently. I even used an analogy about Brittany’s crush on TJ. She didn’t see the relevance and said she liked someone new.”
“That’s only because TJ is now dating Ellery. Neither one of them had wanted to tell you, but they have had a falling out over it.”
“Oh. I feel badly now. No wonder she got so angry. She is hurt and upset over boy trouble herself. I will have to talk to her in the morning to patch things up.”
“Good. Her mother will be here before ten o’clock. You will need to get her up early- Is she an early riser usually?”
“No. But she will be here.” Rachael said.
Then Colten smiled and said
“Rooster?”
“Yes. Rooster. I haven’t decided to fry him up yet, but that day may be coming.”
“If Brittany weren’t a vegetarian, she may have done it for you in the morning.”
“That rooster’s luck never seems to run out.”
Colten and Rachael decided to go inside. She walked him to the guest bedroom door. 
“Welcome back, Colten. It is good to see you again.” Her Aunt Margaret yelled from behind her closed bedroom door.
Both Rachael and Colten laughed. 
“Thanks Aunt Margaret. It is good to see you too. Good night.”
Rachael closed her door and went to sleep. It took her a while to clear her mind.
She kept thinking about Brittany and Jason on the dock. She wasn’t the kissing or make-out police or anything. She had certainly kissed Colten more than once, but that was different, they were dating.
Brittany didn’t even know Jason. Not really. They had never even met before tonight. Not at school. Not at the Club. 
THEY HAD NEVER MET BEFORE!
One thing was for certain. I owe Travis a huge apology. He had known Jason for years and was certainly aware that Jason was very friendly with girls- even girls he barely knew. And Travis didn’t judge him for it- he just didn’t want him dating his sister.
Travis also knew his sister better than anyone else- and when he had said Jason wasn’t her type he had been absolutely right! Maysie was a good, sweet girl. It’s not that Brittany wasn’t. I mean, I’m not judging my friend. It really isn’t even any of my business- it’s just Maysie would never be the ‘meet me once and then take me to a dark location and kiss me’ type of girl. If that was what Jason liked, then Maysie very simply was not his type- AT ALL. 
Something like that may not bother Brittany, but it would absolutely freak Maysie out! 
Rachael decided to discourage Maysie from pursuing Jason as best as she could without mentioning what had happened. 
She glanced at her picture frame and touched Colten’s face.
Things are not as bad as they seem.
After mulling these things over until the wee hours of the morning, Rachael finally resolved to get some sleep relieved at the promise of Brittany going home first thing in the morning and having no further plans to visit any time soon.









Chapter Fifteen

After Colten left, Rachael went out to the barn to spend some time with Taffy and ole’ lonesome George. She was mumbling to herself about Brittany when she heard a noise.
It was Travis. Rachael had no idea what prompted his visit this morning and he offered no explanation, “Need some help?”
“Sure. That would be great.”
Travis set to work, shoveling one of the two other stalls Rachael never cleaned. Since Paint’s death, no horse had used it, but when Rachael walked over and looked inside she could see it was in serious need of cleaning. Rachael grabbed the wheelbarrow and her pitchfork and joined Travis.
“This is a mess.” Rachael was embarrassed that she hadn’t noticed it earlier.
“Well, when Paint died last spring, I think it was a painful reminder to your aunt. This was his stall. Maybe if we get it cleaned up, she’ll want another horse in time.”
“Maybe you’re right.” It was really thoughtful of Travis. Rachael decided now was a good time to bring up the Jason-Brittany thing. “Travis?”
He looked up when she said his name. Rachael stood, still holding her pitchfork.
“Does Maysie know about Brittany and Jason and the other night? The thing at the party?”
“What thing at the party?”
Great. I had to go and open my big mouth, and Travis didn’t even know. But there was no going back now.
“Oh, I thought you knew.”
“Knew what?”
“It’s not a big deal…really.”
His eyes held hers. “Are you going to tell me or not?”
“Well my friend Brittany kind of kissed Jason. And I’m a little bothered by it because I’m afraid it will hurt Maysie’s feelings and cause problems between her and Brittany. And they’re both really good friends of mine.”
“No way! Really? Brittany and Jason kissed? Wow. That’s a shocker.” Travis grinned.
“You butthead. You knew! You made me go through all that explaining and you already knew?” Now Rachael was ticked off.
“Don’t be mad at me Rach. I didn’t know if you knew. I didn’t want to be the one to open a can of worms- or spill the beans- so to speak.”
Travis looked sincere. 
“No secrets between us, remember?” She really had him there.
“You are absolutely right. No secrets between us, but be careful what you ask me. You may not really want to know the answer.” 
What did he mean by that?
“So tell me what you know.”
“This is what I know. Jason really likes Brittany. He thinks she is fun, pretty, and he described her as really friendly.”
“What does ‘really friendly’ mean?” Rachael didn’t know if she liked the sound of that.
“He is a seventeen year old guy, Rachael. It means exactly what you think it means.”
“Well- he is a liar!” Rachael exclaimed.
Holding up his hands Travis stated, “Don’t kill the messenger! I am just being honest with you.”
“I’m sorry. But Brittany is not a bad girl. She only kissed him.” Rachael said emphatically.
“Yes. On the first night she met him, and within the first hour- in the dark- on a dock. Do I need to go on?”
“No. But what about Jason? Does he always kiss and tell? That doesn’t make him a gentleman.”
“A good guy friend yes, but a gentleman no. This is why I never wanted my sister dating him. He’s not a bad guy. He just isn’t serious boyfriend material.”
“At least we agree there. After Friday night, I don’t want him to date Maysie either. I think he is a little too advanced for her.”
“Are you actually admitting I was right about Jason and Maysie not being right for each other?”
“Pretty much.” Rachael said with a smile. “And, I’m sorry I fought you on that point before. One more question.” Rachael prodded.
“Yes.” Travis said patiently.
“Does Maysie know about Brittany and Jason?”
“Yes.”
“How is she?”
“She thinks he’s a good friend, but not exactly the right kind of guy for her.”
“Hmm. I was right after all.”
“About what?”
“She is a smart girl.”
“Yes, she is. Now, how about we get a little work done.”
Travis shoveled crap for another thirty minutes and then walked over to the stall door. He propped his shovel there and took off his shirt.
“I think I will go in and get us some iced tea or lemonade.” Rachael said as she quickly turned and walked inside. She told herself she was hot from the heat- it was well into the nineties today- and the physical nature of the work they were doing. But she knew that if she was absolutely honest with herself it was Travis. She found him attractive. 
Was that a crime? She didn’t have any plans to do anything about it. She found Colten attractive too. Obviously. It’s just she felt guilty about finding Travis attractive. And now she had to go back outside and face him- with his tanned firm chest and rippling biceps and six-pack abs! 
This is not helping!
Future note to self- all future guy friends need to be really unattractive. Warts, dip, short, and a little chunky couldn’t hurt. Maybe balding.
And no Dad. The answer is no! A girl cannot be friends with a HOT guy and not develop some sort of feelings for him. It’s impossible! Especially if that guy is Travis Baxter!
No. Maybe it is just me! Maybe I have some sort of abnormal teenage hormone levels. Maybe that’s making me think I think he is attractive- when really I don’t.
All right. Maybe that’s it. I will research it on the internet. But if not- then I will call Dad and set him straight on the guy-girl friendship thing.
Maybe if I stay in here long enough he will just go home. 
No. Probably not.
Rachael walked back out to the barn- 
Yep. He’s still here.
“I thought you got lost in there or something.” He said over his shoulder.
“I was just fixing a snack.” She wasn’t technically lying- she had fixed a snack. Hummus dip and some of her favorite pita chips.
“Hmm. Looks good. What is it?” Travis said sounding doubtful.
“Hummus and crackers.”
“Is that some high-end dip? It’s not fat free is it?”
“Yes and No. Shut-up and try it.”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
Travis went out to the hose and washed his hands. When he came back in he joined Rachael on a bale of hay to eat- still shirtless.
At least he stinks like a barn and horse poop now. That will help.
Think unattractive and stinky.
“So, Colten left this morning?” Travis was asking.
“Yep.”
“Is he coming back over in three weeks for homecoming?”
“I don’t know. I didn’t even realize homecoming was coming up that soon. I’ll ask him. What about you?”
“I think I’m going to go with a bunch of friends.”
“What about Trisha? You know she likes you?”
“I don’t think she is my type.”
“What are you talking about? She is the most popular girl in school- and certainly one of the prettiest girls at school.”
“Yeah. There’s that.”
“Well. Then what’s the problem?”
“It’s just Misty and I dated so seriously for a long time and I don’t think I am ready for another serious girlfriend. Not yet anyway.” Travis glanced sideways.
“Oh no… don’t tell me you plan on becoming a ‘Jason’ or ‘Ty’! No serious girlfriend, no committed relationship- a womanizer.”
“Something like that.” Travis joked.
“Shut-up.” Rachael said smacking his arm. “Come on, lady killer. It is about time we finished this barn.”
Rachael walked over and cranked up the radio. She and Travis worked until dark and they had finally finished the barn. The stalls were so clean you could eat off of the floors- 
Okay maybe not.
“Thanks for helping me out today, Travis.”
“Never a problem.” He said. He grabbed his shirt and went out back to grab his horse where he had left him tied to the fence beneath the shade of a large oak tree. “I’ll be seeing you.”
Rachael finished by shutting Taffy in her stall, filling her bucket with water, and feeding her. Then she turned to go inside. She met her mother halfway across the back yard. “Hi, Mom! I didn’t know you had gotten home!” 
“About ten minutes ago. I was coming out to get you for dinner. Aunt Margaret said you’ve been cleaning the barn with Travis.” Her mother had a gleam in her eyes.
“Yes, I have.” She paused. “I don’t think I can clean the barn or anything else with Travis anymore. He’s a great friend, but I think I’m starting to like him too much.” 
“He is extremely handsome, and charming, and polite.”
“Mom, you’re not helping.”
“Well, do you still like Colten?”
“Of course.”
“Well then, maybe you should distance yourself a little from Travis.”
“I have tried. He just keeps popping up!”
“Has it ever occurred to you that he may like you too?”
“Yes.” Rachael was irritated. 
“Then I don’t know what to tell you. Maybe you should resort to other tactics.”
“Like?”
“Not wearing deodorant. Eating garlic and onions with every meal. Not brushing your hair. If you are unkempt and smelly, maybe he’ll lose interest.”
“Mom, be serious. I need help with this!”
Her mom sighed. “If you work a little harder at distancing yourself- maybe from Maysie too or just her house- you’ll gain some perspective.”
“Okay. Starting tomorrow it’s the beginning of Operation Avoid Travis Baxter.”
“Good. Now go get cleaned up for dinner. If your current stench didn’t make him run away, I don’t know what will.”









Chapter Sixteen

Two weeks later Operation Avoid Travis Baxter was well underway. Rachael was keeping so busy between dance practice, homework, and training Taffy on the weekends she hadn’t seen him at all. It was the week before the big homecoming game and everyone was excited about decorating the homecoming float. It was being stored in a warehouse that belonged to Ty’s father. Starting this weekend, everyone in the tenth grade would be working on the float around the clock to get it ready for the parade next week. 
At school everyone was abuzz about the homecoming court which had just been announced. Of course Trisha and Sabrina, as well as two other girls from the dance team, had made the list of six girls on the homecoming court. The other two girls were cheerleaders. As to be expected, all six were seniors. Then there was the guys’ homecoming court. It was no surprise to anyone that Ben Grayson had made the list. He was gorgeous, popular and a complete jerk- every high school girl’s fantasy. 
On Thursday afternoon at lunch, Rachael could tell something big was going on. Her friends seemed to be exchanging glances in her direction and were very excited about something. When Maysie, Shannah, Alex and Amber were all seated, it was Maysie that began talking first.
“So Rachael”- she paused briefly glancing around the table at the others before continuing. “Is Colten coming up for the homecoming dance next week?”
“No. He asked his parents. He isn’t able to come back up for a visit until October because of his hectic tennis schedule this time of year. I had expected as much. I will be okay though- don’t worry about me!”
Maysie continued…
“So did you want to go anyway? Like with a group of friends or something like that?”
Ugh. The group of friends thing. This could not be good. I’m trying to avoid Travis- not go to homecoming with him.
“No. I’m planning on staying home.”
“Well- we kind of heard a rumor today.” Maysie added reluctantly.
“A rumor?” Rachael asked.
Amber was so excited she just couldn’t hold it in any longer. She blurted it out without even taking one breath. “Ben Grayson!!! Ben Grayson is going to ask you to the dance!! We can’t believe it. He will definitely win Homecoming King and you could be his date! The hottest, most popular guy in school is going to ask you to the homecoming dance!”
“Great.” Rachael said in a monotone.
“You’re not excited?” Alex asked.
“No. Definitely not. I have a boyfriend, remember? Besides, I think Ben Grayson is a big old jerk! A guy like him only asks a sophomore to homecoming for one reason. And trust me- it is not for friendship.”
“So, you are going to tell him no?” Alex asked.
“Yes.” Rachael responded.
“SCANDAL!!” Amber shrieked.
“If she doesn’t want to go- she doesn’t want to go.” Shannah interjected.
“Of course.” Maysie said. “We knew that was how you would feel. We just didn’t want you to be blind-sided.”
“What should I do?” Rachael asked.
“Avoid him. It always works for me.” Shannah advised.
“I can’t! I have Chemistry with him today!” Rachael said biting her bottom lip.
“Just say no. It will be good for his overinflated ego.” Maysie smiled sweetly.
“That’s what I will have to do- that is if avoiding him doesn’t work.”
“Well- there is one more thing.” Maysie said in a hushed voice.
“Ty is going to ask you too.” Shannah said.
“Jeez. Why don’t they ask some of the other- more available girls?”
“Because you are new to our school. You are exciting- intriguing!” Shannah jested.
“Well, that’s it. There is only one thing for me to do. I will go and take a friend. Someone who doesn’t see me that way. Someone that is just a nice guy. Someone that understands I have a great boyfriend that just couldn’t make it. Someone that would never in a million years hit on me.”
“Who?” All three of her friends asked at once.
“Fred Visicawitzenberg. My lab partner from San Francisco.”
“Fred Visicawitzenberg!!!!!” All the girls screamed, as if Rachael had just announced she was dying.
“Yes. Fred Visicawitzenberg. I’ll ask him today- before Ty or Ben can ask me. Colten told me to go with a friend and dance the night away! And- I plan on doing exactly that! Now, if you guys will excuse me, I have to sneak out of here before the bell rings. I am running to chemistry and hiding out there until class starts. Bye!” Rachael called over her shoulder in her desperate attempt to escape the lunch room and the possibility of running into Ty or Ben.
Rachael made it to chem. The room was empty and she went straight to her desk to have a seat. A few minutes later everyone began to file in. 
Where is Fred?
As the minutes slowly ticked away, Rachael was really on edge watching the door for Fred. She breathed a sigh of relief as Fred walked through the door and over to his seat beside her.
“Fred. THANK GOODNESS! I need to talk to you after class.”
“Everything okay?”
“No. Not really. I need your help.”
Then Rachael looked up and saw Ben had arrived to class. He set down his books and started for Rachael’s lab table where she and Fred were already seated.
All though it was quiet, Rachael swore she could hear the theme song of JAWS playing in her head as he approached…
Danuh… Danuh… Danuh…
“Hey Rachael. How are you?”
“Good.” She answered in a clipped voice.
“Only good? I am about to make your day great.” 
Do other girls buy these cheesy lines? Give me a break.
When Rachael just stared at him, Ben continued.
“I heard your boyfriend can’t make it up for the dance and thought you might need a date.”
So the word traveled fast around here.
“Nope.” Rachael swallowed hard and hoped Fred would forgive her. It was better to seek forgiveness later- right? “I already have one.”
“Really. That’s not what I heard.”
“Yep. Fred.” Rachael said looking at Fred, with a please help me look.
“Fred?” Ben sounded as if he had swallowed a fly or something.
“Yes. Fred. We are great friends and his girlfriend lives in San Fran still. My boyfriend is back home in Palm Beach. So it works out perfectly.”
“Wow. Okay. See you around.” A disgruntled Ben walked away.
“What was that all about?” Fred asked.
“I am so sorry. That’s what I wanted to talk to you about. I just couldn’t go to the dance with Ben, or Ty for that matter. They are girl magnets, lady killers, womanizers! You don’t have to really take me. I’m sorry- I just needed saving.”
“No. I think it is a great idea. I would love to go. My girlfriend back home really won’t mind- no offense or anything- but you are not my type at all. Besides- I am a very talented dancer. My mom owned a dance studio in San Francisco. It would be a shame to waste all this raw talent!” 
Fred is actually funny- and he can dance too? He is the perfect date. Maybe this homecoming thing will be fun after all!
After Chemistry, Rachael made her way down to the weightlifting room where Ty, Clay, Jason and Gabe were doing squats. They all had been talking when she walked in and immediately hushed. Only Gabe greeted her.
“So Rachael- Fred Visicawitzenberg?” 
“Yep. I really like Fred.”
Then, Rachael decided if they were going to give her a hard time, she was going to lay it on really, really thick. Give them a little change in perspective.
“He is so sweet and gentle-natured. He is an incredible dancer too! He’s the kind of guy a girl can just sit and talk to for hours. He is intelligent and sensitive- just an all around great guy! I can’t imagine having gone with anyone else… well other than Colten of course.”
Rachael grinned and went over to do bicep curls.
Hmmm. So there Ty…Go prey on someone else. You and the Ben’s of the world!
Gabe followed her over. 
“Rachael- I am going in a group with Shannah. Do you think she would kill me if I got her a corsage? I know it isn’t a one-on-one date but I would like to get her one anyway.”
“I think that is sweet. I will find out her favorite flower.” Rachael winked conspiratorially at him. 
Gabe is a good guy. If Shannah couldn’t see that on her own, maybe I’ll have to help Gabe out a little.
After weightlifting, Rachael was walking back to the locker room where she bumped into Travis heading out towards the parking lot. Operation Avoid Travis Baxter had just come to a screeching halt. She couldn’t walk right by him and not say hi or stop to chat. But it seemed Rachael wouldn’t have to worry about it after all. She stopped to say hi and Travis merely said, “Hey what’s up Rachael?” As he sailed right on past. 
Rachael watched as he walked over and right up to Trisha! 
TRISHA? 
I thought she wasn’t your type. Hmmm.
Well good. 
Were they holding hands? 
Ugh! Not ready to date again? Isn’t that what he had said?
Rachael stomped her way to the locker room where another thought about her conversation with Travis the other day stopped her in her tracks.
I’m not ready for a serious girlfriend… that’s what he had said. Maybe he was moving forward with his other plan- becoming a womanizer like Jason or Ty. 
Was that his idea or mine? I can’t remember.
Well- it’s none of my business anyhow. 
Good. I feel better already. Operation Avoid Travis Baxter terminated. He has a girlfriend.
Rachael felt better immediately or at least that is what she told herself. She got changed and practically skipped her way to the parking lot to join Maysie and Shannah.
“Did you hear?” Maysie asked.
“Hear what?” Rachael asked.
“Travis asked Trisha to homecoming!”
“That’s fantastic!  I suggested he ask her out the other day. I’m glad he took my advice. Speaking of advice…” Rachael turned her attentions to Shannah as they all jumped into the car. “Who are you two going to homecoming with?”
“Maysie is going with Adam. And I guess I’m going with Gabe.” Shannah sounded resolved to endure the night as best she could.
“Good. I think they are both nice, not to mention good-looking guys! So what’s your favorite flower, Shannah?”
“Oh no! He didn’t! Did he put you up to finding out my favorite flower?” 
“Sure did. And I think it is super sweet. What about you Maysie?”
“I think it is super sweet too. And BTW it is a pink rose- she’ll never admit it, but that is it. And in case Adam asks mine- it is a yellow daisy. Do you think that will look too big on my wrist?”
“No. Not at all.” Rachael giggled. “And I will make sure they both get the message.”
“How about you and Fred? Have you bought a dress yet?”
“Not yet. I am not sure if it is in the budget.”
Just then they pulled into the driveway of her Aunt Margaret’s house. There was a tow truck near the house and it was loading her mother’s Benz!
What the heck?
“Maybe it is broken down and he is towing it to get fixed.” Maysie offered hopefully.
“Probably.” Shannah gave her the don’t talk about it look.
“We’ll see you in the morning!” Both friends called out as they pulled out of the driveway near the garage.
Rachael ran inside. Her mother was standing in the foyer and Rachael couldn’t help but notice the telltale signs of wet tears on her cheeks.
“Mom- what’s happening?”
“They have seized some more of our assets. I guess the car was considered part of the original frozen property by the judge. So- they came and are taking it back to an impound lot in Palm Beach County.”
“It’s okay mom. I know it is embarrassing, like everything else, but it is just a car.”
“I know honey. You are right.” Her mother dried her eyes and walked to the kitchen.
“Where is Aunt Margaret?”
“Your brother had baseball today and she is picking him up for me.”
“Oh, good. I wanted to talk to you about homecoming. I am going! I had this situation where two hot guys at school were going to ask me.”
“Gosh Rachael… THAT SOUNDS HIDEOUS! I DON’T KNOW HOW YOU EVER SURVIVED THAT!”
“I am serious Mom- and Colten can’t come up for the dance- so I decided to go with Plan B.”
“Group Date? Travis?” Her mother asked.
“Hardly. Travis is dating Trisha now.”
“Then what?”
“Fred Visicawitzenberg.” Rachael said as if her mother would know exactly who that was. At her mother’s blank stare, she added, “My lab partner.”
“Oh. Okay. So, let me see if I got this straight- you forewent going to the dance with two of the hottest guys in school for your lab partner? This Fred Visikiwentle?”
“Fred Visikawitzenberg. It’s German or Slavic or something like that. But Yes- you’ve got it. He is a dancer like me. His mom owns a dance studio back home in San Francisco.”
“San Francisco? Dancer? Is this boy even straight?”
“Mom!! Of course he is straight, he has a girlfriend back home.”
“You have to admit that was a fair question, honey. So, about a dress- I have put some money aside, and I thought we could go shopping this weekend for a dress.”
“I would love to.”
Rachael hugged her mother and ran to get changed for dance practice. She needed to finish her homework before Shannah and Maysie showed up to take her to practice. 
Three hours later she was ready to go. She heard the doorbell and ran to the door. Assuming it was Maysie, she opened the door and saw it was Travis instead. 
“Maysie’s sick. I’m heading back in for football anyway, so I thought I would give you and Shannah a ride.”
“I hope it is nothing serious.” Rachael commented.
“Nope. Just a head cold.”
Shannah was already in shotgun- thank goodness- so Rachael hopped in the backseat.
After a few minutes of silence, Travis simply said, “Fred Visikawitzenberg?” as he raised his eyebrow.
“Yep.” Then, Rachael said “Trisha?”
“Yep.” He answered.
“I thought she wasn’t your type.” Rachael couldn’t help herself.
“Let’s just say I had a change of heart. I spent some time talking to her the other day and really liked her. Great idea.”
“Great idea?” Rachael asked.
“You’re the one who told me to ask her out- and so here we are.” 
“Yep. I knew she was right for you.” Rachael said with some attitude- trying to camouflage her annoyance.
“Did you order her a corsage?”
“Not yet- but I thought you could find out what her favorite flower was- since you are already doing that for everyone else.” He smirked.
“Sure thing. Consider it done- I’ll even find out dress color.”
“Dress color?”
“Yes- dress color. Believe me- it’s important. You need to match your tie, shirt, and the corsage, of course.”
“Of course.” He grinned.
Dance practice was over quickly. Rachael was tired and glad tomorrow would be Friday. There would be the game, halftime show, and some more game. Then the long bus ride home. It was an away game.
*
On Saturday, Rachael planned on decorating the homecoming float with everyone else. Of course, there was also the dress shopping with her mother later that afternoon. Rachael was so busy doing a mental run through of her weekend, she didn’t pay any attention to the conversation going on around her. When she arrived home, she simply said goodbye and ran inside.
She decided to call her father before bedtime. When he answered she updated him on her most recent events. He found her situation very humorous and was glad she had found a creative way to resolve it. Unless her father was a better actor than she really knew- he actually sounded good.
It must be mom’s visits! They’re helping.
He didn’t mention her mother’s car. Maybe he didn’t know yet. Rachael made no mention of it either. She didn’t want to give him anything else to worry about. Finally she ended her conversation with-
“And Dad. You were right. A girl can have guy friends that are cute as long as they remember to maintain a little distance in some areas of their friendship.”
“My baby is growing up.” He simply said in return.
“Luv ya. Don’t forget to text.”
“I’m trying, honey. I’m still not very good.”
“You just need a little more practice is all.”
“Okay. I’ll attempt some texting tomorrow.”
As her father hung up, her cell phone beeped with a text. Ellery? Colten? Brittany?
When she checked her screen, it was her father. He had written an entire book.
(1/4) Hi Honey. Yes its me. 
I am texting. Had a great 
week this week. I hope you 
did too. Maybe we can get 

(2/4) together in a few 
weeks. I would love it if 
you and your brother 
could visit soon. Maybe 
we could 

(3/4) surprise Ellery and 
Brittany- if they 
are talking again and all. 
So that’s all for now. 

(4/4) More to come 
tomorrow. 
See you then. Love Dad
Rachael simply responded
k. c u. luv me
Rachael seriously needed to teach him the proper technique for texting. Thank goodness she got unlimited texts!









Chapter Seventeen

The next day Rachael caught a ride with Maysie and Shannah to Ty’s father’s warehouse, where the homecoming float was being stored. Maybe float was a bit of an exaggeration at this point. It was merely a flat bed trailer with wooden sides- and it was huge! 
“It will take us hours to decorate this.” Rachael said, overwhelmed by the sheer size of it.
“Buck up Rachael! We Can Do This!” Maysie cheered. 
“Yep. I guess so.” Shannah griped.
They saw Ty coming across the warehouse. There were already about twenty other sophomores at work on the float.
“Hey ladies. Welcome. Amber is over there heading up construction of colorful tissue flowers that will spell out the school’s name when we are done. Care to help her?”
“Sure thing.” The friends answered and headed to the area of the floor where Amber and several other girls were hard at work.
“Hey!” She waived.
“Good morning. Put us to work.” 
Upbeat as usual, Maysie led the way while Rachael and Shannah followed. Two hours later they had made nearly a hundred colored tissue flowers. 
“Only nine hundred to go.” Amber said excitedly.
Both Rachael and Shannah’s heads shot up.
Nine hundred of these things- she can’t be serious. 
But several hours later when they broke for lunch to go to a local fast food restaurant, she realized she had been serious.
“My fingers hurt from all of the twisty ties we are using to tie the tissue flowers.” Rachael complained.
“Mine too.” Shannah grumped.
“But just think how pretty it will all be when we are done.” Maysie chimed.
“Yep. There’s that.” Shannah replied sarcastically.
After lunch it was back to the tedious warehouse work. 
Ty came walking over and asked
“Want a break from the tissue paper duty?”
“Yes.” They all responded.
“Okay. We have hammered all of the chicken wire in place. Next we need you to paint the wooden boards red so they will blend in with the rest of the float.”
They looked over at the float where the guys had been hard at work doing the construction side of things. There was chicken wire everywhere covering the whole outside perimeter of the float.
“What’s the chicken coop look for?” Shannah asked unimpressed.
“We will tie all of the flowers onto the wire eventually to make a picture design and spell out the words.” Ty answered.
“What’s our theme?” Maysie asked.
“We Will Rock You! It is a double play on words. We are playing Rockledge and our float design involves guitars and drums. We will also have live music on it. It’s going to be really cool.”
“Sounds awesome.” Shannah actually sounded into it now! “What do you need us to do?”
“Paint the wood red with brushes and then spray paint the chicken wire.” Ty instructed.
“Got it. You can count on us, Ty!” 
Maysie, of course.
The three of them got to work and couldn’t believe how much more they still needed to do by the time five o’clock rolled around. Everyone agreed to return tomorrow after church, around one o’clock. 
Rachael grabbed her phone and realized she had a message from her mother. She had called Maysie’s mom and gotten directions. She was on her way. In her message her mother suggested they invite Shannah.
Hmmm. Wonder why? If her mother said to include her she must have a good reason.
Rachael invited Shannah, who accepted eagerly. They also asked Maysie, but she already had her dress. 
Rachael and Shannah headed out dress shopping with her mom. Rachael’s mom started talking as they drove down the road a little ways.
“Did you guys finish it?”
“No way. It is huge- like thirty feet long! I kept thinking we could have found a much shorter trailer or something.” Rachael commented.
“Yeah, I’ll second that.” Then Shannah added “Thanks for including me Mrs. Harte. My dad works such long hours in the grove I didn’t know if I would get to go dress shopping at all.”
“Your dad called Mrs. Baxter today. She explained they had already gone, but suggested me. Your dad is very giving Shannah; I couldn’t believe it when he handed me five hundred dollars.”
“Five hundred dollars! For a homecoming dress!” Shannah exclaimed.
“Well, a dress, plus shoes, hair, and nails of course.” Mrs. Harte corrected.
On the Island, five hundred dollars wouldn’t cover much of anything, but that is one thing Rachael had learned since moving here. There were equally beautiful, more affordable, clothing choices at the mall! Shopping shouldn’t require that you break the proverbial bank on handmade garments.
“That’s fantastic. I am so excited, Shannah.” Rachael said.
Now, Rachael understood the reason her mother had included Shannah. Shannah only had a father. Shannah had never offered an explanation of what had happened to her mother and Rachael never asked. There just simply wasn’t one around. 
“I have already scheduled you both hair appointments for next Saturday afternoon followed by nails and make-up. You will be the two most stunning girls at the dance. If Maysie wants to be added to the appointment let me know.” Mrs. Harte was saying.
“She already made her own appointments. I heard her mother talking about it the other day.” Shannah commented. 
When they parked at the mall, they headed straight for the largest department store. It was two floors of clothing packed racks, shoes, handbags and other various accessories. They took the escalator to the second floor and got off there. From where they were standing the girls could see the department that housed all of the formal gowns.
“Let’s go!” Rachael announced. 
After an hour of trying every dress available Shannah had decided on a strapless, form fitting burgundy gown. It had a simple crushed fabric design down the front that gathered from bust line to hemline. Shannah looked stunning with her beautiful brunette hair and hazel green eyes. It even showed off her fit arms and chest. 
Rachael was in search of something that added a bit up top. She wasn’t exactly boobless; she just wanted to be boobier. She finally found a beautiful dress with white spaghetti straps and a black and white bodice, with a tight black skirt. The bodice was white with a large black satin bow. It was fitted and looked like a bandeau bikini top- but just fancier. The skirt started just below the bust line and had an empire waist line. It was black satin and was very snug to just below her knees. It had a kick pleat in the back. 
“That’s the one honey.” Her mother said eyeing her approvingly in the mirror. 
Thinking of her father, Rachael handed Shannah her cell phone.
“Could you snap a picture?”
“Sure. Say cheese.”
Rachael quickly forwarded the picture to her father. 
Next they headed back down the escalator to find some shoes. Shannah selected a pair of strappy silver heals while Rachael selected a pair of black, three-inch patent leather stilettos with a small black satin bow.
“Those are hot.” Shannah nodded her head in approval.
“She’s right honey.” Her mother agreed. 
Just then they got a text from Rachael’s father.
‘Holy crap! Where’s my Little girl?’
Both of the girls read it out loud, then Rachael replied.
‘lol. ty Dad.’
“Girls, it’s time for us to call it a day. I’m pooped.” Mrs. Harte was saying when they heard Trisha call out to them from somewhere nearby.
They all turned around to see Trisha and Travis approaching… holding hands yet again.
“Hi, you guys! Great seeing you here.” Trisha greeted them.
“Yep. We just finished our dress shopping.”
“Oh- I want to see!” Trisha pleaded.
“No. It’s bad luck.” Shannah said.
Is it? Not that I had ever heard. But okay- if Shannah says so.
Trisha continued.
“I brought Travis over to pick out the perfect shirt and tie at the tuxedo shop to compliment my dress. Of course they didn’t have anything nice enough there, so here we are looking in our fourth department store of the afternoon. We will leave no stone unturned. Right, baby?”
“Yep.”
“How long have we been looking now?”
“Three hours.”  Travis responded, sounding exhausted.
Travis looked less than thrilled about the shopping marathon. Rachael decided to offer words of encouragement- to Trisha of course.
“I think you’re absolutely right! You should try the outlet mall in Ellenton and maybe the mall in Bradenton as well. You don’t want to be mismatched.”
Rachael could tell Travis wanted to throttle her, so she just smiled sweetly and continued. “And if that fails- maybe a trip to Tampa, which is only an hour drive.  If that doesn’t work then Naples is a mere three hours away, and they have much better shopping than we do.”
Rachael wasn’t lying. It was the truth! There was a time- not so long ago- she too would have shopped for days in search of just the right dress, top, shoes- whatever really. It wasn’t that she didn’t like it anymore, she just couldn’t afford it.
Besides- this is good for Travis. Let’s see if he is really ready for a committed relationship again or not.
“Thanks for the suggestions, Rachael. We better get going. We have a lot of searching to do yet.” Trisha replied.
After they walked out of the mall and were safely in the car, Shannah said, “That was interesting. I thought you wanted Trisha and Travis to date.”
“Well, I do. I just think he needs to appreciate what we girls like to do and all. What better way than by doing a little shopping.”
“A little shopping would be the mall- a store or two. Not all of Central and South Florida Rachael! Besides- I think you annoyed him.”
“Good! He has annoyed me plenty of times. Now it is his turn.”
“Are you two in a fight or something?”
“No. Certainly not. We’re good friends.” 
“Okay. If you say so.” Shannah sounded unsure.
Rachael could see her mother laughing in the driver’s seat and decided it was better to change the subject. 
“Have your feelings for Gabe changed?”
“Next subject.” Shannah murmured.
Rachael laughed.
“Okay. I will take that as a no.”
*
The next morning, Rachael did her chores. Then her aunt offered to drop her off at the warehouse, so she texted her friends and let them know she already had a ride. When she got there, Ty immediately put her to work painting.
Painting…again.
While hard at work, she heard a familiar voice. It was Travis. 
After being AWOL yesterday, he has decided to grace us with his presence today.
He walked up to stand beside her.
“You’re here early.” He commented.
“I’m surprised to see you’re here at all.” She snapped.
“Well, I had some very important shopping to do that involved a purple shirt and a lavender bow tie.”
Even Rachael couldn’t help but laugh at that. 
“Good. Did you find one?”
“Yes. In Tampa. Thank you so much for suggesting that short drive of an hour there and back to buy a flippin’ purple shirt.” 
Rachael couldn’t tell if he was really annoyed at her or not. 
“Not a problem. Any time.” She grinned up at him from where she was seated on the floor. “Would you like to help me paint?” She asked.
“No. I’d much rather just watch. I’m too tired from my torturous shopping adventure last night.” 
“Oh, stop it. You survived.”
“Barely. I may never enter a mall again.”
Now they were both smiling. He couldn’t stay mad at her long. He decided to join her in painting. It didn’t take long for Maysie and Shannah to join them later too. After they finished painting they all set to work making tissue flowers.
“Count me out.” Travis announced. “I am done with all girly endeavors.”
A few seconds later Maysie asked, “Did you guys make up?”
“Make-up? Who? Travis and me? We weren’t fighting.”
“That’s not the way Travis saw it. He said you intentionally encouraged Trisha to take him on this shopping marathon you knew he wouldn’t enjoy.”
“Me? No. Of course not. It’s not my fault they don’t enjoy the same things.” Rachael was embarrassed by her own behavior and jealousy where Travis was concerned, but couldn’t admit as much to Maysie.
“Don’t get me wrong- I thought it was pretty funny. Something a sister would do… Or something a jealous ex-girlfriend would do.” Maysie stared at her. 
She knows me so well. This isn’t fair- but she is right. I am jealous. I guess I should come clean about it even though I don’t really want to.
“Truth?” Rachael asked.
“Truth.”
“Okay, but you have to promise to tell no one- and especially not Travis.” She said to both Maysie and Shannah. “I realize that will be very difficult for you, Maysie.”
Both friends nodded.
“Okay- I got jealous of Trisha. I can’t explain why. I like Travis, but I am in love with Colten. I have been spending so much time with Travis over the past few months and so little time with Colten. I think it is more than natural that I have developed some feelings for him. Don’t you?”
“Exactly as I thought.” Shannah said.
“Me too. So what are you going to do?” Maysie asked.
“Nothing. There is nothing to do.”
Maysie looked over at Shannah and then continued.
“You don’t think it is kind of unfair to be dating Colten when you obviously have feelings for someone else too?”
“No. Because I am in love with Colten- I don’t know what I feel for Travis. Why do you think I have been distancing myself from Travis?” Rachael admitted.
“I kind of figured it out a few weeks ago. Well, if that’s what you want, we will help you distance yourself- but as your friend I have to be honest with you. If you are having these feelings I don’t think distancing yourself will make them disappear.”
“I think it is worth a try- and in the end my love and commitment to Colten will win out!” Rachael was certain!
“Okay- so we start today.” Shannah said.
“Yes, it is something I have been affectionately referring to- in private of course- as Operation Avoid Travis Baxter.”
“That’s hilarious! I should have known you would have a name for it!” Shannah laughed.
“Yep. I like it, too.” Maysie added. “I should have thought of it sooner. There have been entire weeks of my lifetime where I have wanted to do exactly that- AVOID Travis Baxter! It’s perfect.”
“Maybe this is a really good thing. On my own I wasn’t doing so well, but with your assistance I am sure I will succeed!”
They worked steadily on the float until Maysie got a call from home. Her cousin was coming by to show her a new American Quarter Horse she had bought for barrel racing. Maysie wanted to go home immediately to see it. Just then Travis stepped over to see what progress they had made.
“Looks great.” He saw Maysie gathering up her stuff to leave. “Heading home now?” He asked.
“Yep. Janet is coming over with her new palomino mare. I want to go see it.”
“Okay. I am staying a while longer. Rachael and Shannah- would you like a ride?”
“NO!” both girls practically shouted in unison. 
“Okay.” Travis said hesitantly.
Maysie immediately jumped in to explain.
“It’s just that I already told them about the mare and they both are really excited and can’t wait to see her. Rachael and Shannah are very into barrel racing and were wondering about a horse of their own. The three of us were considering joining the barrel racing circuit and rodeoing this summer.”
“Really.” Then Travis turned his surprised stare to Rachael and Shannah. “I didn’t even know you rode Shannah? And Rachael can barely stay in the saddle at a lope. This should be interesting.”
Shannah felt the need to make the story even more convincing.
“No- really. I have been interested in barrel racing for quite some time now. You know trying to make it around all those barrels and stuff- without knocking any over. It is just all so thrilling! Maybe I’ll even try bull riding.” 
“Bull riding?” Travis smiled his crooked grin. “If you say so.” 
He walked away shaking his head. Just then Maysie turned to Shannah-
“Bull RIDING?”
“It was more convincing than barrel racing.” Shannah defended herself.
“At least barrel racing is a girls’ sport- bull riding? You aren’t a man Shannah.”
“Oh, I could ride a bull.” Shannah emphasized. “Taekwondo isn’t exactly a girly sport either. I could do it.”
“If I weren’t such a good friend, I would make a bet with you about that.” Maysie pointed out. “But I am.”
“Enough ladies!” Rachael shouted. “I appreciate the effort on both of your parts. Let’s go!”









Chapter Eighteen

The following week was homecoming. Between school and float decorating, the time flew by. There wasn’t any dance practice because there wouldn’t be any halftime show this week. The halftime would consist of a homecoming parade, the homecoming court and announcement of the Homecoming King and Queen. Then finally the dance itself would be held on Saturday night.
It was Friday morning and Rachael couldn’t wait for the game tonight and the pep rally that would take place during the last period of school. The dancers were performing a dance at the pep rally they had practiced for weeks. For this one special day they were permitted to wear their uniforms to school. This uniform was Rachael’s least favorite. She felt it really made her look too thin. It was made of purple spandex material. The top was sleeveless and had a mock turtle neck. The bottoms were incredibly short hot pants. 
Thank goodness we wear tights underneath these.
Today, all of the girls had on sneakers for school. Jazz boots would have gotten uncomfortable at some point throughout the day. Rachael was sure of it!
In Chemistry, Fred and Rachael talked about the homecoming dance. Fred was glad Rachael had selected a black and white gown. He was glad not to have to wear some pink shirt and matching bow tie. He thought that stuff really looked ridiculous. 
When the bell rang, Fred and Rachael decided to make their way over to the football stadium where the homecoming pep rally would be held. On the way over to the stadium, Fred opened up about how he and his girlfriend Abigail had broken up. He said the distance and time apart were too much of a strain on both of them. He was only sixteen and wouldn’t be able to travel back to San Francisco any time soon. Furthermore, being that he was only sixteen, he didn’t have any control over when they would travel back to visit. 
In that moment, Rachael was very glad that Palm Beach was still in Florida. She was also thankful that at least Colten was old enough to drive over to see her.
When they arrived at the stadium Rachael gave Fred a hug and told him to hang-in there. Rachael went to go down and join the dancers, cheerleaders and football players on the field. 
The pep rally began with the principals putting on a skit as usual. They were all dressed as superheroes and were fighting off the evil villains of Rockledge who were trying to infiltrate the sacred grounds of East Manatee High School. The villains had kidnapped several stars of the varsity football team including Clay, Gabe and Travis. They were being held for ransom and could only be freed by the superheroes. The principals were actually pretty funny with their costumes- that barely fit over a couple of their guts! Some of them came sliding in down cables from the top of the stadium announcer’s booth. The others made their entrance in a limo. Finally, at the end of the pep rally, the football players had been rescued and the students went wild. The cheerleaders and dancers together took the field and performed the same dance. The cheerleaders stunted and tumbled down the sidelines while the dancers did a kick line for the grand finale. By the time it was all over everyone was pumped!
Rachael, Maysie, and Shannah decided to stick close by school because they couldn’t possibly drive all the way home and make it back in time for the game. They went to go grab a pizza and kill some time. When they got to the restaurant, Travis was there with half the football team.
Great!
When they walked in, Maysie muttered, “Well…now what? If we turn around and walk right back outside it will be obvious. So what do we do?”
They scanned the restaurant and saw there were two groups of kids that pretty much occupied every table in the restaurant. One group was the football team. The other group was Fred Visikawitzenberg and a bunch of kids they didn’t know at all.
“I guess it’s time to make new friends, girls.” Rachael suggested.
“Is she serious?” Shannah asked.
“I think so.” Maysie smiled. “Let’s go.”
Every head at the football player table turned as Rachael, Maysie, and Shannah went to sit with the guys in the chess club. 
“Hey, Rachael!” Fred called. “Good to see you. These are my friends.”
“Hi guys! This is Maysie and Shannah. Do you mind if we join you.”
“Not at all.” A couple of the guys murmured.
“Good.”
Over the next hour the girls chatted and had a fantastic time. These chess guys were really fun- and cute! By the end of the conversation, Maysie actually seemed interested in one of them. Rachael saw him ask for her number and Maysie gave it to him. He and Maysie both loved Algebra and agreed to do homework together some day after school.
When they left to go back to campus, the girls stopped by the other table to wish the guys good luck in tonight’s game.
“So, we saw you had made some new friends.” Adam said.
“For sure.” Maysie commented. “The guy Craig and I have Algebra together- and we are going to be study partners.” 
“Oh really?” Travis said.
“Yes, really. They are a great group of guys. It wouldn’t hurt to have some smart guys to talk to Travis.”
“Ooh! Is she calling you dumb, Travis?” All the guys joked.
“Probably. But that’s okay. The only girl as smart as those guys over there is Rachael.” Travis winked in Rachael’s general direction.
“Yeah. Rachael’s a brain!” Clay said. “She even memorized all of the weightlifting equipment in the weight room during the first week.”
Everyone just blankly stared at Clay until Travis said, “I’m sure she did.”
“Well, we’ve gotta run.” Shannah proclaimed.
“Bye.” Rachael muttered.
As they walked away she could hear the guys grumbling, “What’s up with them?”
“They’re acting strangely.”
“It’s like they didn’t want to sit with us or something.”
Then, Travis’ voice sounded above the others, “Don’t worry about it guys. It’s probably PMS.”
All the guys were laughing.
What is it with the brothers and the PMS jokes? I don’t get the fascination with it.
The girls made it back in time to join the other band members and dancers in the stands. The game went quickly and at the two minute warning everyone in the student bleachers went down to join their floats for the homecoming parade. 
The sophomore float had turned out amazing! There were tissue paper flowers on both sides spelling out the words “We Will Rock You”! There were also tissue flowers that made out the designs of drums, guitars and microphones. At the end of it there was a huge banner that read “Sophomore Class- We Will Rock You”. On the float, several of the band members in the drum line, as well as two guitarists, were playing. Since there wasn’t enough room for any other people to ride on the float with the band, the large majority of sophomores walked behind the float chanting and waiving posters.
The other classes had floats as well. Even a lot of the clubs were represented in the parade. Rachael had to admit the chess club had the most creative float. The float itself was a huge chess board- while the people were huge rooks, knights, kings, pawns, queens, etc. Rachael figured they would win an award or two.
In between each of the floats was a sports car carrying a homecoming court nominee. Trisha was riding in a fire engine red Porsche. It was beautiful! Her dress was pale pink, with sequins to the floor. Rachael was surprised to see Fred Visicawitzenberg escorting her. 
Fred!? I didn’t even know he was friends with her.
As the parade continued around the track, Rachael turned to Maysie and asked
“Where’s Travis?”
Though it was hard to hear over the parade noise, Rachael understood Maysie to say, “He can’t be out here during halftime. He is in the locker room with the other players. He asked Fred to escort Trisha.”
“What? I didn’t even know he knew him.”
“He doesn’t. He said if Colten could trust Fred with you, then he could trust Fred with Trisha. He said Fred is safe.” Maysie yelled over the parade noise.
“Hmmm.”
I don’t know why, but that last part really ticks me off. Does he really think a girl is so fragile as to need a ‘safe’ date everywhere she goes? If I had accepted a date with Ben Grayson I would have been just fine…okay maybe not, but who does he think he is? The great protector? 
Why do I let him get to me like this? Why am I so angry? I have no idea! Just let it go, Rachael… let it go.
After the parade finished, the homecoming court members made their way onto the field where Ben Grayson and Trisha Spence were announced as Homecoming King and Queen.
Big surprise there. 
After that, the rest of the game was a blur. When it was over, Maysie and Shannah wanted to go to the after-game parties. Rachael wasn’t up for it. She texted her Aunt Margaret and asked her if she could come pick her up. She was there within thirty minutes. Tomorrow was the dance and, while it hadn’t mattered to her before, Rachael decided that she needed to look stunning. In order to look stunning, she would need rest…and a tan.
*
Saturday morning Rachael decided to drag her lawn chair out back to the pasture and catch some rays. She put on some SPF 15. She wanted to be tan, not burned to a crisp. She laid there listening to her music with her ear buds in. Suddenly, she was aware of a shadow being cast over her.
She opened her eyes. Travis. What are you doing here?
“Hey, Travis. What’s up?” She asked briskly.
“Nothing much. I haven’t seen much of you lately. It’s like you’ve vanished or something.”
“I saw you yesterday at the restaurant.” She blurted out.
“Yes- you saw me, but you certainly didn’t talk much. Are you mad at me?”
“Mad at you? No- of course not. I have just been super busy.”
“Okay- because Maysie thought you may have been a little annoyed at me for asking Fred to escort Trisha across the field. If so- I am sorry. I didn’t realize you liked him like that.”
Even with the sun shining in her eyes she could see Travis carefully watching her reaction.
“No- of course not. I don’t like Fred in that way. We are just friends. I’m still going out with Colten.”
“Okay. If you say so.” Travis teased her.
“Yes, I say so. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I need to get some sun.” 
Rachael intentionally rolled over onto her stomach, turning her backside to Travis- hoping he would take a hint and LEAVE!
No such luck…
“Let me put some suntan lotion on your back. I wouldn’t want you to burn.” 
When Rachael squinted up into the sun, Travis was standing with the bottle of SPF 15 poised to pour it on her back and butt.
“No, thank you. Fred was here earlier and he already took care of that.”
A little white lie.
“Fred?” Travis’ head jerked up.
“Yep. He’s that kind of friend. One that you can lay out with, shop with- safe. Like a brother to me.” Rachael smiled.
“Yeah. I’ll bet. See you tonight, Rachael.”
Travis actually appeared to stomp away. 
Good. And stay away.
Are we actually fighting? 
Great. We are. Maysie will certainly have something to say about this.
Rachael went inside at lunch time and showered and blew her hair dry. Mrs. Harte had sent Michael to Levi’s for the night. The homecoming dance was a big deal! Serious girl stuff! Aunt Margaret, Mrs. Harte and Rachael went to pick up Shannah and head into town. 
The first stop the entourage made was at a full-service salon. Hair and nail time! The hairstylist put both girls’ hair in huge hot rollers and then sent them over to get their nails done. Shannah had her nails painted a beautiful pale silver with tiny rhinestones dusting each nail. Rachael first considered the classic French manicure, but decided on second thought to go with blood red nails! With her black and white dress they would be stunning- and very mature looking.
While their nails dried, Aunt Margaret and Mrs. Harte disappeared to a local shop around the corner. They came back with a bag full of barrettes- some silver brocade, some plain- some with rhinestones. There were even a set of combs with white pearls and black beads dangling in small droplets from them.
“The silver ones are for Shannah. The pearls with black beads are for you, honey.” Her mother said to them.
“They are gorgeous, Mrs. Harte. Thank you.” Shannah looked as if she were about to cry. 
A mother’s touch. I will try to include Shannah more often.
Rachael had never realized how hard it might be to not have a mother. Now even she would have to consider what it may be like not having a father around. She decided not to think about that today- especially not today.
“Thanks, Mom and Aunt Margaret. I love them!”
Then, the girls sat while the stylist did their hair. Shannah opted for a down hair style with just two barrettes pulling her bangs across the front in a sweeping design. She chose the plain silver and rhinestone barrettes. The rest of her hair hung in huge curls down her back. She looked incredible!
Rachael opted for an up-do. The stylist did a French twist in back with an array of blonde curls cascading down from the top. They hung in varying lengths and were pinned in place discretely with bobby pins. The combs were placed on either side in back, where the droplets of pearls and black beads could be seen dangling elegantly even from the front.
When the girls were finished with hair and nails, they were whisked away to have their make-up done at a make-up counter at the mall. Rachael’s Aunt Margaret surprised them by buying them both a new lip liner and lipstick. The cosmetologist expertly applied foundation, powder, eye liner, mascara, eye shadow, blush, lip liner and lipstick. 
Rachael couldn’t believe her own reflection; she looked so much older.
When she glanced over at Shannah she thought the same thing!
“Shannah! You look like you are twenty years old!”
“I know. My dad will freak!”
“No, he won’t, dear.” Mrs. Harte reassured. “He knows all about it! I wouldn’t have brought you to have your makeup done if he hadn’t said okay. It is a special occasion.”
Shannah seemed relieved by what Mrs. Harte had said. Now everyone rushed home to get ready.
“See you tonight.” Shannah said as she closed the car door and ran inside.
A few minutes later Rachael was scarfing down a grilled cheese sandwich and some soup. She had to be extra careful to not damage her make-up in the process.
“Rachael honey.” Her mother called. “It’s seven o’clock. It’s time to put on your dress and snap some pictures for your dad before your date gets here.”
Rachael slipped into her dress and her mother zipped up the back. Next she stepped into the stilettos, they looked exquisite!
“Now for the finishing touch.” Her mother went to her jewelry box and produced a white pearl choker necklace with matching white pearl drop earrings. The pearls on the earrings were suspended from fine white gold chains. There were about three pearls on each one. They hung very long- nearly to Rachael’s jaw line.
“Wow. Thanks mom. I only wish Dad and Colten were here to see this!” She embraced her mother tightly.
They went out to the family room and snapped several pictures in front of the large stone fireplace. Rachael sent her two favorites to her father with a caption that said 
“How do I look?”
Her father called her back instead.
“Honey- you are beautiful. You look just like your mother did at that age. Have fun and be safe.”
“Thanks, Dad.”
As soon as Rachael had ended the call, she heard the doorbell chime. Her aunt quickly went to answer it.
It was Fred.
Or was it?
This certainly wasn’t the Fred she was used to seeing in Chemistry everyday. Boy what a transformation!
This Fred was HOT! His black hair cascaded in waves. His eyes were a gorgeous hazel. He seemed taller even. 
Was he wearing heels? A quick check showed that he wasn’t.
Rachael was seeing Fred in a new light!
Fred, minus the nerdy glasses, minus the double-pocketed t-shirt with pocket protectors-
This was a totally new, freakin’ hot Fred!
He was wearing a nice, black and white tuxedo that didn’t look rented. No this Fred was obviously used to dining in country clubs and cruising the ocean on yachts. 
“Fred?” Shock filled Rachael’s voice.
“Yep. It’s me. Minus the glasses and the goofy clothes. My mother called it a makeover.” 
“Oh my … I didn’t recognize you at first. You look amazing.”
“Thanks. Since my girlfriend and I broke up, I decided some changes were needed. You are taken- but some of your friends are single. After lunch yesterday, I decided I needed to step up my game a little.”
Good ol’ safe Fred… not so safe now is he, Travis.
“You look fantastic.”
Rachael’s mother snapped a few more pictures. They said goodbye and went out to jump into Fred’s convertible Beamer.
“Is this your car?”
“Sure is.” 
Fred opened her door and then jumped behind the wheel. 
When Rachael and Fred pulled up to the dance, there was a line of other students waiting to go through the security check- which was really intended to search for and confiscate beer, wine and alcohol according to Shannah- who was also convinced that later the chaperones indulged in those same confiscated items themselves.
Rachael felt as if the entire line turned to watch her and Fred’s arrival. He parked up front and came around to open her door. 
Fred and Rachael made their way up to the line where they were greeted by all of her friends. Gabe and Shannah, Adam and Maysie, Clay and Amber, as well as Travis and Trisha. Jason was there with some girl none of them knew. Ty was there with a girl who looked like a supermodel. Rachael even spied Ben waiting in line. He was there with a woman- yes a woman- who looked to be a professional dancer of sorts.
What is that all about?
When Rachael caught a glimpse of Travis, he looked like he was about to blow a fuse. 
Was he angry? It sure looked like it.
After the security check, everyone found a table. Rachael suggested she and Fred sit at a table with his friends. He seemed to really like the idea.
Rachael immediately recognized a few of the guys from the pizza restaurant. A couple of minutes later, Alex and another friend of theirs from the dance team, Caitlin, arrived together. They hadn’t had dates and had chosen to come stag instead. They came over and asked if they could join their table.
“Of course.” The guys responded politely.
“Thanks.” Alex said.
Rachael introduced Alex and Caitlin. Alex seemed to be immediately taken with Fred. Rachael thought it was sweet and hoped maybe something would come of it. Soon the music began. It was a DJ rather than a live band. In Rachael’s opinion, the use of a DJ was far superior to the use of a live band because of the variety of music a DJ could offer. You could listen to rock, rap, country and even jazz. About three songs in Fred suggested they dance.
And man could that boy dance! He could have even started his own boy band…Wow!
Rachael and Fred danced for the next hour until she begged for a break. Fred then asked if she minded if he asked Alex and Caitlin to dance a few fast songs. 
“Of course not! Have fun!” She called as she made her way over to her seat. She wasn’t alone for long.
Travis came over to say hi and sat down beside her without being invited to have a seat.
“You look beautiful tonight, Rachael.” 
“Thanks, Travis. You look very nice as well.”
“So, it seems I was wrong about Fred.”
“About what exactly?”
“About him being safe. He is anything but.”
“He is only dancing.”
“Yes, there is that. Would you like to dance?”
“No, my feet are killing me.”
“Nonsense. I won’t take no for an answer. This is a dance after all.” Travis led her to the dance floor in time for a slow dance. “I may not have the moves of Fred Astaire over there- but I can dance.” He laughed lightly in her ear.
Rachael and Travis danced slowly, not saying a word. 
Yep- avoidance wasn’t helping the feelings disappear. What next?
Next a voice from the side interrupted their dance. It was Maysie.
“May I cut it?”
“You want to dance with Rachael too?” Travis joked.
“No, you silly. With you.” She answered. “Ty wants to dance with Rachael.”
“Sure do.” Ty said and twirled Rachael away.
“Thanks, little sister.” Rachael heard Travis mutter. “You always had impeccable timing.”
“I don’t know what you are talking about Travis.” She said innocently.
“Sure you don’t.”
At eleven o’clock, Ben and Trisha shared their Homecoming King and Queen dance. They both received crowns once again. Fred and Rachael left early, having turned down numerous invitations for after-parties, most of Fred’s coming from girls! 
“Thank you Fred for coming to my rescue,” she said gratefully.
“No. Thank you, Rachael, for coming to mine. I have a date with Alex next Friday,” he said with a grin.









Chapter Nineteen

A few weeks later, normalcy had returned to Rachael’s everyday high school existence. She began her day with chores and ended it with either homework or dance practice. On Friday nights, she had football games. On Saturdays, she worked with Taffy. On Sunday afternoons, she started training on how to ride horses with Maysie. They had talked about starting riding lessons before, but had been so busy they never actually followed-through on it until now. 
Maysie insisted on making her start on John. He was still the slowest horse alive, but he was also the gentlest. And for that reason, he was also the easiest to train on. Rachael rode John around Maysie’s round pen Sunday after Sunday, until one weekend when she arrived there was another horse saddled in the barn and ready to go. The horse’s nameplate on the stall said Dakota. He was a gorgeous gray gelding. Rachael turned to see Maysie enter the barn.
“He’s my mom’s. We figured it was time for you to progress from old John to a younger, faster horse.”
“How much faster?” Rachael asked worry filling her voice.
“Not too fast. Besides you’ll still be training in the round pen. He can’t run-off with you. There is nowhere to go.”
“That’s reassuring. Let’s get started.”
Maysie rode Pretty Girl into the round pen with her. She showed Rachael how to go from a walk- to a trot- to a canter- to a lope. And then how to slow back down through the same process. 
Rachael could feel she was improving with each passing Sunday. Just last week, she had learned to back John up with a ‘soft feel’ and neck reign. Today, she was loping! And in perfect time with her horse! Even Rachael was shocked by her progress. After an hour on horseback, Maysie decided it was time to show her some groundwork. 
Rachael and Maysie unsaddled their horses and changed them from their headstalls and reigns to halters with very long lead ropes. After putting away their tack, they led their horses back out to the round pen. Maysie instructed Rachael to tie her horse just outside the round pen. Maysie then led Pretty Girl into the round pen. Rachael followed and took a seat on the top rail.
“You’ll find varying opinions on the necessity of groundwork. I, for one, think it’s essential to horse training. My brother disagrees with me. So, I am going to show you some things that have worked for me and you can either use them or not. Your choice. First, I will show you how to teach your horse to lead easily without pulling on the lead rope.” Maysie demonstrated this easily with Pretty Girl. “As you can see, Pretty Girl already leads very easily, so this one is quite simple for me, but when Daddy first bought her for me it wasn’t quite this easy. Now you try.”
Rachael did as Maysie had instructed. Yes- these horses both led very easily.
“Good. Next, we will work on longing your horse in a circle. It is important to maintain a distance that is about the length of your longe line, that’s this lead rope you have been holding, where your horse’s nose is turned towards you. You will see that Pretty Girl’s head is turned slightly towards me and she is watching me for any changes. I can stop her,” Maysie stopped Pretty Girl.
“Walk her,” Maysie started her walking again by gently twirling the end of her rope. “Or trot her, which I do by taking the energy level up a little by twirling my rope a bit more. We’ll start with these and then progress to some more advanced groundwork next weekend.”
“Sounds and looks easy enough- but I am afraid it won’t be as easy as it looks.” Rachael said as she led her horse into the round pen. She stood at nearly the end of the longe line. 
Dakota just stared at her as if to say, “Do you have any idea what the heck you are doing?”
“Remember how I was standing?” Maysie asked. “I was facing my horse- you are parallel to yours. You need to be facing Dakota.”
Rachael turned her body to face Dakota. “Okay. How is this?”
“Great. Now invite him.”
“Invite him?” Rachael asked.
“Yes- he has no idea what you want him to do. You must tell him and then ask him to do it.”
“Okay. How?”
“Which direction do you want him to go?”
“To the left- I guess.” Rachael answered.
“Then hold your rope out to the left, with your left arm while still facing your horse. Remember to move your feet in order to move and maintain the same distance from your horse.”
Rachael lifted her left arm and extended it out to the left, while still facing Dakota. Then something strange happened- Dakota began to walk slowly to the left. Rachael moved, but not much, just sort of turning with Dakota while he circled slowly around her.
“Great!” Maysie exclaimed. “Now take him up to a trot by bringing your energy up a little- but not too much.”
“What do you mean by bringing my energy up a little- like jumping and stuff?”
“No.” Maysie was giggling. “I mean by twirling the long end of your rope. Shorten your rope a bit by walking towards Dakota two steps. Then pull the excess through and while still holding with the left hand, place the tip of the rope in the right hand with about six inches dangling- here I’ll show you.”
Maysie walked out and stopped Dakota. She adjusted the length of the rope in Rachael’s left hand and passed the end through to her right hand where a short length hung. Maysie returned to her perch on the top rail of the round pen.
“Now face, or square yourself, to your horse again. Next invite the horse with your left hand again and bring up that energy level.”
Rachael did as she was instructed.
Invite with the left- okay I am inviting.
Dakota started walking again.
Now bring up my energy level.
I am twirling the rope, with my right hand to bring up that energy level.
Dakota began to trot in a circle around Rachael.
“I find the hardest part is to keep facing my horse. I want to turn towards the direction he is trotting.”
“Go ahead. See what happens when you do that.” Maysie suggested.
Rachael was nervous. It wasn’t like she had a cat on the end of this leash- it was a horse! 
Nerves and all she did it.
What happened next was truly amazing…
As Rachael turned in the same direction that the horse was traveling and kept her arm extended out to her left, the horse stopped and changed directions turning around and Rachael instinctively brought her left hand back in front of her as the horse crossed back in front of her on the outside of the round pen circling in the opposite direction.
“Wow! What was that?” Rachael asked.
“Beginner’s Luck is what I would call it! But technically it was called rolling the hind quarter and bringing the front end around to bring about a change in direction. In short, what you did was a more difficult type of groundwork and something that even some of my horse friends can’t accomplish. That was amazing Rachael!” 
“Thanks. Now the question is can I do it again?” Rachael tried and did it again and again. Then she stopped and asked, “Isn’t it technically cheating since this horse already knows how to do all of these things?”
“No. I don’t think so. A horse can be trained to cut and part- but if the rider doesn’t have the skill to get that training out of him, then the horse never will demonstrate its training. I know a lot of riders with incredible horses who can’t make the horse perform. The horse and rider must be on the same level to be a team. I’d say you are a natural Rachael.”
“I’d say so too.” Rachael heard her mother say.
“Hey mom. We didn’t hear you come up.”
“Well, I kind of have a surprise. Your aunt has said we can borrow her car and drive over to see your father. I cleared it with the principal at your school Friday, but I didn’t want to tell you until it was a done deal. I thought we would go for the entire week!”
“Is Michael coming too?” She asked.
“Of course. Your father is so excited. I’m busy packing and doing laundry. Would you like to finish up here and meet me back at the house in about an hour?” Her mother asked.
“Sure. See you in an hour.” Rachael commented.
After Rachael’s mother drove away, Maysie said
“I am glad you are going. It will be nice to see Colten.”
“I’m going to surprise him. I won’t call him until we get there.”
“That’s a great idea. Rachael- I have a confession to make.” Maysie sounded very serious.
“What?”
“Well – remember the night of the homecoming dance five weeks ago?”
“Yes.” Rachael answered.
“Well- do you remember when you and Travis were dancing together and I brought Ty over to cut in?”
“Yes. And I really appreciated it. It was all a part of Operation Avoid Travis Baxter, right?”
“Yes, well that’s the problem. He was actually really angry with me. He had figured out we had been avoiding him- well, you really. And he didn’t understand why. So after the dance we sort of had an argument. I told him I had cut in on purpose. He had already realized that, of course, so I admitted to him why I had cut in.”
“Oh, Maysie, you didn’t!”
“I did! And the worst part- instead of making him angry, I think it really hurt his feelings. I felt like a louse. Haven’t you noticed Rachael that in the four weeks I have been giving you horseback riding lessons that he has been nowhere in sight?”
“Yes. But I thought he was just tired because of football or out with friends or something. I didn’t realize that he was now avoiding me. So you are saying Operation Avoid Travis Baxter has now become Operation Avoid Rachael Harte?”
“Yep. Pretty much. I kept hoping it would just pass in time- but it hasn’t.”
“I’m sorry.” Rachael sat down on the ground outside the barn. “I should never have put you in the middle of a situation like that. It was inappropriate of me to ask you to keep a secret from your brother in the first place. I shouldn’t have asked you to participate in any way. It is my fault- and I have to figure out a way to fix it. Is he home right now?”
“No. He went to Jason’s. They are fishing until dark. He won’t be home until late.”
“Well, then I’ll fix it when I get back from Palm Beach next weekend.” 
“Okay. Thanks for understanding.” Maysie said.
“Thanks for being such a good friend.” Rachael hugged Maysie.
They brushed their horses and put them out to pasture after feeding them. Rachael decided to put the Travis situation behind her until she got back from seeing her father and Colten. 
*
When Rachael arrived home, her mother and brother were already packed. Everyone was ready to go. Rachael packed, showered and changed. She gave her Aunt Margaret specific instructions on the care of Taffy during her absence. Taffy was now older and eating only two bottles a day, but more feed, hay and grass. She was growing up!
Rachael left with her family. On the car ride over her mother informed both her and Michael they would have homework to do while they were away. The teachers had provided her with all of their assignments. 
So this wouldn’t be a vacation. Still, I’ll have plenty of time to do homework while Colten is in school each day.
Rachael and Michael chatted excitedly about all of the friends they were looking forward to seeing while they were there.
Then, Rachael’s mother interjected, “Rachael, while we are there, I thought we could spend our mornings scouting out a location for your Debutante Ball. We only have a few months until spring, and there won’t be many locations still available.”
“That’s okay. How about Colten’s parents’ golf resort?”
“I already called. They are booked for the season. All of the ball rooms are being used for large business conventions and such.”
“That’s a bummer. Maybe the Garden.” Rachael suggested. “I’ve always loved them, and even if it is late in the spring it will still be nice outside.”
“Great minds think alike, my dear! I was thinking the same exact thing. A garden party with tea and petite fours, scones, tea sandwiches and punch. In the early evening of course.”
“What am I supposed to do while you two are doing all of this girl planning, party stuff?” Michael grumped.
“Your dad has a full week planned for the two of you. Golf, tennis, beach, jet skiing- real guy stuff.” Their mother advised Michael.
“Cool!” Now, Michael was excited.
“So anyway, Rachael, there’s even the indoor ball room. It will be perfect for the dancing and music after dark. I was thinking a six piece orchestra in the garden and a British band inside. What do you think?”
“I think it sounds fantastic…and expensive…how are we going to afford all of this Mom?”
“Your aunt has been saving for this for over a year. She has more than enough.”
“Mom, we can’t let her pay for this. She has already done so much for us.”
“Yes- well- you try and stop her. She won’t be discouraged. I’ve already tried. And it doesn’t stop there. Did you know she already has a prepaid college fund for the both of you?”
“She’s too much.” Rachael was awed by her aunt’s endless capacity to give.
“So where are we staying?” Rachael had assumed her father was staying with friends, as they had planned, this entire time.
“At our house.” Her mother looked relieved.
“Really? I thought we hadn’t been able to afford to keep the electric and water turned on. Has that changed?”
“Yes. Your father has taken a night job in a warehouse.” 
“Oh. How long has he been doing that?”
“Two months. I think at first he was afraid to say anything- he thought it might embarrass the two of you. But, I believe the truth is always best.”
“Is he operating machinery or equipment and stuff life that?” Michael asked.
“Yep. A forklift.” 
“That’s awesome! I can’t wait to tell Eli and the guys at school. They will think it is cool.”
Both Rachael and her mother just laughed. Leave it to a group of boys to find something cool about a million-dollar-a-year pay cut! 
*
When they got home, Rachael hugged her father and sat and talked with him about her ongoing Travis issue. “Problem is, Dad, I think I really like him, but I love Colten.” She said, emphasizing the word love.
“This is very serious stuff, Rachael. So what are you going to do about it? I mean now that you know that avoiding Travis won’t work because it is making you both miserable, and breaking up with Colten will make you miserable, too. So, what’s the answer?”
“I don’t know, Dad. That’s what I’m asking you?”
“I don’t know the answer either, honey. I never claimed to be a boy expert.” He grinned.
“Great. And I was counting on that…some expert advice I mean.” 
“Sorry to disappoint you. But I think a good place to start is seeing how you feel about Colten while you are here visiting.”
“You’re absolutely right. If my feelings are the same- then I can assume the Travis thing is just a fluke! You’re brilliant Dad!”
“Thanks. It’s been a while since someone has called me brilliant.”
“Well, you are. I think I’ll go and surprise Colten at the Club. He should be playing tennis.”
“Why don’t you call first,” her father advised her. “He may be home sick or taking the day off. There is no use riding your bike that far when he may be right around the corner at home.”
“That kind of defeats the purpose of surprising him, but you’re probably right.” She dialed Colten.
“Hey, baby. How’s the metropolis of Hicksville treating you today?”
“I don’t know. I’m not in Hicksville.”
“Where are you?” Colten asked. Was that surprise Rachael heard in his voice?
“Here in Palm Beach- at my house- for the week!” She exclaimed.
“Be there in five.” Colten disconnected the call and was ringing her doorbell less than five minutes later. 
Wow! He didn’t waste anytime!
When Rachael opened the door he was hugging her and swinging her around in a circle. “I have missed you so much, my favorite girl!”
“I’ve missed you too! Aren’t you supposed to be at tennis?”
“No. You have perfect timing. I’m taking the week off from tennis practice! It works out perfectly!”
“Yeah, I’ll say! I’m here all week! We’ll head home Friday afternoon. We had to borrow my Aunt Margaret’s car, so we need to take it back by Friday.”
“Five days is wonderful! I could never spend enough time with you, but five days is better than what we’ve had lately.”
“I know you have school, but Mom and I have Debutante Ball things to attend to during the morning. Then we can hang out after school each day. Sound good?”
“Sounds great!” 
Rachael and Colten went out back and shot hoops on the basketball court. They caught up on everything. Brittany was now dating some new guy- a junior, but not the one from the Club. Another guy named Matt. Ellery and TJ were still dating and getting pretty serious to hear Colten tell it.
After shooting hoops they jumped into the pool still fully dressed. Colten held Rachael’s right hand checking for the ring he had given her three months earlier.
“Still wearing it I see.” He said.
“Of course. Why wouldn’t I be? I will have you know this ring was given to me by a very special guy.”
“Oh yeah? How special?” He asked, holding her even closer.
“Special enough that I think I love him.” Rachael confessed.
“Good. Because I love you too.” 
Rachael and Colten kissed in the pool. It was a long kiss that had been three long months in the making. 
“Hey you two.” Her father called. “Come inside and get dried off. I have made dinner.” Her father walked back inside. 
Rachael and Colten dried off. Inside her father handed Colten some dry shorts and a shirt to change into. Rachael sprinted upstairs to change her clothes and was back downstairs for dinner.
Her father had actually cooked. And the even more shocking part is it was amazing! Grilled chicken Caesar salads with garlic bread on the side. For dessert there was banana pudding with whipped cream piled on top.
“Dad! I can’t believe you’ve learned to cook.” Rachael jested.
“Survival instincts have kicked in.” 
“That’s for sure.” Michael said. “And it’s edible.”









Chapter Twenty

The next morning Rachael and her mother set out on a Debutante Ball planning adventure. Luckily, the Garden still had an opening for the third Saturday in April during Rachael’s spring break. Rachael and her mother sat with the Garden’s event planner, Evelyn.
“That will be perfect.” Her mother stated. Her mother went on to explain their theme. She talked about a traditional English tea party and the foods that would be served, as well as the ambiance she wished to create. 
Evelyn nodded her head in approval. 
“Then,” her mother continued, “later in the evening there must be an English rock band- similar to the Beatles- playing dance music. Nothing ends an evening like dancing!”
“What about flowers?” Evelyn asked.
“Purple roses?” Rachael offered.
“Yes. There must be lots of purple roses. Anything else dear?”
“No. Now, all we need is the perfect dress.”
Rachael could see Evelyn’s eyes dance at the mention of a dress.
“If I may suggest. I know a dress maker here in town that is just starting her business. She is very skilled, but she hasn’t many clients yet. Would you like her number?”
“Yes. That would be wonderful.” 
Rachael had been so worried about this Debutante Ball thing- the cost, the location, the lack of support from friends- and mostly the COST! Now that they had the location and she knew that the expense was being covered, she felt like she could just enjoy the planning part of it all.
Next she and her mother broke for lunch. They ran into Ellery’s mother and had a very friendly conversation. Afterwards, they called the seamstress and agreed to meet her at her new office. It was very small and crammed full of sewing equipment, bolts of material and sewing boxes.
“Please don’t mind the mess. You must be Virginia and Rachael Harte. I am Kathleen. Please have a seat.” She motioned them to the two oversized armchairs that seemed too large for the small room.
Both Rachael and her mother were seated.
“So what brings you here today?”
“We are hosting a Debutante Ball in honor of my daughter’s debut the third Saturday in April. It is an old fashioned British tea party. I want her to be happy, yet very sophisticated and mature in appearance. Rachael- any suggestions?”
“I was picturing something retro. Maybe Jackie O-esque.”
“That’s fantastic. Maybe linen.” Evelyn nodded.
“Yes, but it has to be white. I think we failed to mention that.” 
“White linen. Jackie O… Here is my vision…” Evelyn began to detail her vision of the perfect dress. “Scoop neck, with empire waistline. Fitted straight skirt to the calves. Large white buttons on the top of each shoulder. A matching fitted, half jacket with the same oversized white buttons. Heavy white patent leather shoes- low heel- maybe two inch. A small hat with a net veil worn slightly angled. 1950’s in appearance. Real old school.”
“I love it! And of course there must be white gloves and pearl earrings!” Rachael squealed. 
“Of course!” Her mother added.
“Okay. So let’s get started with some measurements.”
Rachael changed out of her clothes and stood in just her bra and panties being measured. So many measurements…
I can’t wait to see what this looks like when we are finished!
When they finally finished up it was nearing three o’clock. On their way home, Colten called her cell.
“Hey. How did today go?”
“Great! We now have a venue, a menu and a dress. All that is left now is a cake.”
“All in one day! You certainly were productive.”
“Yep. So when can I see you?”
“Well, there’s a slight problem. I have a huge project due tomorrow, and I haven’t finished it yet. I need to go to the library with my group and finish it today. Can we get together tomorrow afternoon?”
“Sure thing. I need to spend some time with my dad tonight. Bonding stuff. We’ll catch up later.” Rachael hung up. She tried not to feel disappointed but she was.
“What’s wrong honey?”
“It’s Colten. I’m not mad. He has a project due tomorrow and can’t hang out with me.”
“It is the school year and also a school night. I think he may have stayed a little too late last night. Maybe he got himself into trouble.”
“Yeah. Maybe.” Rachael said.
“Besides- if he had known we were coming over he probably would have finished the project. Since we surprised him it is no wonder he didn’t have time to finish it. You’ll see him tomorrow dear.” 
“I know. It’s just been so hard.” 
“I know. It’s been hard for all of us.” Her mom said.
“Maybe Dad and I will go see a movie. And I really should go see Ellery and Brittany while I am in town. Ellery’s mom is bound to have told her I am here after she saw us at lunch today.”
“I am certain of it. Why don’t you call her.”
“I will.”
Rachael dialed Ellery. 
“Hey girl. My mom said you were in town. Would you like to come over and hang?”
“Mom- Ellery wants to know if I can come over. Can I?”
“Of course. I will drop you right now.”
“I heard her. See you in a few.”
Ellery and Rachael sat on the floor and made a collage of all of their favorite guy actors. By the time they had finished they counted thirty-two guys in all. Short- tall, dark haired and blonde, blue eyed and brown- they didn’t discriminate. They liked them all!
“So tell me about you and TJ. How did this all happen? How did this come about?”
“It was in August, right after you left. We had all gone to an end-of-summer, back-to-school barbeque at the beach. He was there, looking oh so fine in his swimsuit, and he started talking to me. Then, out of nowhere, he asked me out. I would have totally gotten it if it had been Brittany. You know? Curvy, blonde beautiful Brittany- but it wasn’t. It was me! Plain ol’ Ellery.”
“First, you are not plain. Your hair is perfectly straight- something I would kill for. Second, it is the prettiest shade of red I have ever seen. I am sure TJ would agree with that. Third, your eyes are green- the color of emeralds. Fourth, you have a great physically fit body. We can’t all be boobalicious like Brittany. Fifth, you are tanned with freckles. Do you even know how incredibly cute that is? Trust me- you are a hottie! A total babe!”
“Thanks, hun.” Ellery grinned. “So, back to the barbeque. I sat there wondering, is he talking to me? Is this some kind of joke? But nope. Here we are a few months later. Totally committed. He wants to go off to college together and stuff. He is sort of freaking my parents out. They think I am too young for a serious committed relationship like this. But, I think we will actually make it. That’s the crazy part about it. I just know. Deep down I know. This is it. He’s the one.”
“Holy crap! You’re serious!” Rachael said in awe.
“Yep, I am. We are taking it slow on the physical side of things. When you have the rest of your lives- why rush?”
“I am amazed by all of that. The only thing I wish we could fix would be you and Brittany. She is pretty messed up by the whole thing. I wish there was a way to mend the relationship, so to speak.”
“I’m sure there is, in time. I know she liked him and all, but he liked me. At first, I even refused to date him. He was so persistent though. He kept stopping by all the time and visiting me- day after day after day. Then I finally just said yes to one date. I knew I liked him, but I couldn’t even admit it to myself. I knew it would hurt Brittany. On our first date, we went to a movie and then to grab desserts. He told me how he had liked me like forever. Then, he kissed me and that was it- I knew I couldn’t resist it anymore. I hope Brittany will understand someday- soon. I don’t want it to be like on our wedding day. I want it to be in the near future.”
“I will talk to her. I promise.” Rachael swore and she meant it.
Rachael’s mom came to pick her up around nine o’clock. The girls hugged goodbye. “See you next time,” both said in parting.
*
The next day was Tuesday. Colten was probably already in school by the time Rachael crawled out of bed to eat a bowl of cereal. Rachael hadn’t realized how annoying that Rooster really was. Maybe she would kill him after all- or on second thought maybe not. But she was certainly enjoying sleeping in a little. She glanced at her clock.
Seven o’clock? Since when was seven sleeping in? Where were the days of sleeping in until noon? Country life has ruined me for city life- forever! Now I’m preprogrammed to wake with the rising of the sun and all that nonsense.
She refocused. Cake. Today is our day to select a cake. 
Rachael decided to invite her brother Michael along. Even he would enjoy gorging himself on dozens of cakes- trying to select just the right one. 
“Hey, Rach.” He announced groggily as he entered the kitchen.
“Hey, today is cake tasting day. We’re going to sample dozens of cakes to try to find the perfect one. We may even make ourselves barf we eat so many.” 
That should get him.
“Count me in. Anything that involves you puking is right up my alley. Besides- it will make good blackmail footage for my collection.”
“Your collection?”
“Yeah. My ‘Rachael will pay me a lot of money not to show this to hot guys’ collection. Let’s just say that this is a little something Levi and I have been working on over the past three months. We have all sorts of footage.”
“Like?”
“Like you walking out to the barn in your underwear and a tank top to feed the calf at dawn. Or how about you in the pasture when you decided to really tan your butt- I mean really tan your butt- as in a thong! And then there is my favorite- We like to call it Rachael singing while taking a bath.”
“No, you didn’t!”
“Oh, yes, we did. And if you actually throw up today- it will complete the footage. Kind of a Rachael’s Greatest Hits collection!”
Although, she wouldn’t admit it to him, Rachael had really missed this banter with her brother these past few months. She loved him even if he was a little creep. She would have to work harder to be close to him in the second half of the school year.
“So, what’s up with you and Travis Baxter?” Michael said over a bite of frosted flakes.
“What do you mean?”
“You two aren’t fooling anyone. Levi and I have a bet on it.”
“A bet?”
“Yep, I bet you two will be dating by summer. Levi bet you two won’t date until next year.”
“Really,” was the only justification to this nonsense Rachael offered.
“So, which is it?”
“What?” Rachael decided to play dumb.
“Summer or fall?”
“Neither. I am totally committed to Colten.”
“All joking aside, Rachael, can we be serious for a moment?”
It wasn’t very often her brother was serious- this was a complete change for him.
Who kidnapped my little brother?
“Colten didn’t make it over to even take you to the homecoming dance. Then he cancels on you yesterday afternoon. It just seems you are not the priority in his life that you should be. Don’t sell yourself short. You are worth way more than that.” Michael put his bowl in the sink. Then, he walked past Rachael and patted her on the cheek. 
Rachael was too shocked to say anything at all. She merely sat at the table with a cup of coffee. She wasn’t sure how long she sat there just staring out the window. 
After a while, her mother came in.
“Cake day? Michael is strangely excited about it.”
“Yeah, I invited him.” Was the only response Rachael could think of.
“Something wrong?” 
“No, Mom. I’m fine. Just can’t seem to get enough sleep is all. I am so used to getting up early at Aunt Margaret’s now I can’t ever seem to get any rest.”
“I know, honey. It has been such a lifestyle change for you. Get dressed. We have a nine o’clock appointment.”
Rachael went to her room to get dressed. Suddenly she was overanalyzing her entire relationship with Colten. 
He doesn’t text me everyday. He did in the beginning, but now I’m lucky if it is three times per week.
We used to talk every night before bed- now it is every other night.
There was a time when he would never miss something I was involved in. Now I had to go to homecoming with Fred Visicawitzenberg- who ended up being a great date, but that’s beside the point.
Now he cancels on me yesterday over a school project. Well… that actually sounded legit.
Calm down, Rachael. Take a deep breath. Michael is only thirteen. What does he know about relationships and guys?
Rachael heard her mother calling her.
Let the cake tasting begin!
Everyone loaded up to go taste her Debutante Ball cake. 
How ridiculous was this? An entire family going to choose a Debutante Ball cake! It’s not like she was getting married or something. She was a fifteen-year-old planning her debut- and the entire family was involved! Crazy- but totally cool at the same time. 
At the first cake bakery, they tasted various cheese cakes- turtle, mocha, raspberry, chocolate chip, cherry, peach- the varieties of cheese cake went on and on.
Rachael glanced at Michael. “Don’t get too excited, Michael. Your sister may be thin, but she can really pound some cheese cake!”
“We’ll see about that.” Michael had his camera poised to photograph any barfing that might take place.
At the second bakery, they tasted small pieces of cake that looked a lot like petite fours. The carrot cake with cream cheese frosting was the best in Rachael’s opinion.
Finally, at the third bakery, they tasted chocolate cakes that were to die for! Rachael could have laid down right there and eaten a five course meal just in chocolate cake.
“Feel like puking yet?” Her brother asked hopefully.
“Not on your life.” She responded sickly.
“Mom. The German chocolate cake has my vote.”
“I thought they were all pretty darn good.” Her father responded patting his tummy.
“I liked the cheesecake.” Michael protested.
“The carrot has my vote.” Her mother said.
“Why do we have to choose just one? How about a three layer cake with separators separating each tier. Cheese cake on the bottom. German chocolate in the middle. And carrot cake on top. Then when it is cut- guests can choose which piece they would like.”
“Fantastic idea, Rachael!” Her father cheered.
“Then, it’s settled.” Rachael confirmed all of the arrangements with the third bakery who agreed to coordinate the entire thing and have it delivered to the Garden.
Three hours later, everyone laid watching TV in the family room nursing the worst stomachache of their lives. Michael still had his camera in hand hoping to catch something for his Rachael collection. Rachael fell asleep and woke up some time later when she heard her cell phone buzzing. It was Colten.
“Hey what’s up?” She asked.
“Were you sleeping?” 
“Yes. Cheesecake food poisoning or something like that. I’ll explain later.”
“I am done with school. Would you like to go to the beach?”
“Sure. I’ll ask my parents and be ready in like fifteen minutes.”
“I’ll pick you up then.”
Rachael asked her parents, who of course said she could go. She changed into her bikini and was ready by the time Colten arrived. 
It was a gorgeous afternoon for the beach. There wasn’t a cloud in the sky. It was breezy, which cooled the beach off just enough to be comfortable. It would soon be high tide and the waves were just beginning to roll in for the evening. Rachael and Colten decided a long walk would be nice.
Rachael wasn’t sure exactly how far they had walked- but they had been walking for quite a while. She knew in her heart she had to make sure everything between them was okay. The conversation with her brother yesterday raised some concerns she had been feeling for a while. Rachael knew if she just ignored those concerns that they would only grow into bigger problems. Better to discuss them right now.
Rachael glanced over at Colten’s right hand, where it was linked with her left. It was then she realized that she was wearing her braided surfer bracelet, but he wasn’t wearing his. 
Where is his bracelet? How long has he not been wearing it? I’ll bet he has a good reason.
“Colten, I wanted to talk to you.”
“This sounds serious.”
“No. Not really. It’s just we have been apart more than we have been together for the past few months and it has made things difficult.”
“Are you breaking up with me?” He stopped walking and took both of her hands in his.
“No. It’s just the opposite. I wondered if you were having doubts or second thoughts about us.”
“Why would you say that? Because, believe me, it isn’t the case.”
Rachael felt a wave of relief wash over her entire being from her head to her toes.
“You’ve been so busy lately… having to cancel your visit and then there was yesterday. And now today you aren’t wearing your bracelet.”
He sighed. “Well, the visit couldn’t be helped. My parents have been really cracking down on me. My grades have slipped a little because I have been spending so much of my time practicing at the Club. Yesterday was just a continuation of the same thing. If I don’t do well in school my parents might not let me visit at all. They have threatened to take away my jeep. If that happened, where would we be? I would only see you when you came home, like on winter break, spring break and summer break. That’s not very much time together, Rachael.”
“Oh, Colten, you’re right. I had no idea the pressure they are putting you under with the grades thing. I’m so sorry.”
“Don’t be. I should have told you sooner. And as for the bracelet, I caught it on a hook in the bathroom and broke it. Maybe we can get me another the next time I’m in town.”
“Definitely.” Rachael stood on her tiptoes and gave Colten a kiss.
“All better now? I wouldn’t want my favorite girl worried.”
“All better. Let’s turn back. I’m hungry.”
As they walked back, Rachael’s stomach growled. 
“Let’s grab some dinner at the oyster bar we passed on the way down. I could eat something too. My parents know the owners and they will let us put dinner on my parents’ account.”
“That’s good because I wasn’t able to hide any money in this bikini.”
“No, I would think not.” Colten winked.
When they got to the oyster bar and went in to have a seat, the hostess who greeted them recognized Colten immediately. They were seated at a back booth and ordered sodas. For dinner they decided to split a bucket of oysters with crackers and lots of hot sauce.
An hour later, they left the oyster bar stuffed and slowly made their way back. They jumped in Colten’s jeep and headed for Rachael’s house. When they were pulling into the driveway, Colten took a call from his mother.
“Hey, Mom. What’s up?”
Rachael couldn’t hear the conversation on the other end.
“Yes…No- I took the week off from tennis…Yes, I finished the project…I’m dropping Rachael off right now. I’ll be home in a few minutes.”
When Colten ended the call, Rachael could see he was a little flustered.
“Everything okay?” She asked.
“Yeah. That was just my mom. She is not happy about my schoolwork and me missing tennis this week.”
“They didn’t know you were taking the week off?”
“Not until she stopped by the Club today and I wasn’t there. I have just been so tired and overwhelmed. I knew I had this huge project due this week and I needed some extra time to finish it. But now she is pissed at me.”
“Well, you better get going. Just tell her the truth and I am sure she will understand.”
“I hope so.” He smiled and leaned over to kiss Rachael goodbye.
Rachael sat and did homework until very late.
Better to knock it all out at once.
By four o’clock in the morning she had finished the entire week’s worth of homework. Rachael wasn’t a procrastinator where her homework was concerned. She would rather just get it done. 
*
Wednesday morning she finally slept in. When she rolled out of bed around eleven, her family was waiting for her downstairs. 
“Good morning, sleepy head.” Her father greeted her. “We thought we would have a family day. We are going jet skiing after lunch. Then dinner and a movie. Brittany called. I told her you could see her tomorrow. Today is for us, as a family.”
“Okay.” 
Rachael texted Colten and let him know she couldn’t see him today. Tomorrow would be their last time together before she left to drive back to her aunt’s house on Friday afternoon. They were planning on leaving around one o’clock on Friday. Colten would still be in school at that time.
Rachael was bummed out about not seeing Colten today, but was glad to spend time with her whole family. They hadn’t had much family time together! When they got to the place where her father had reserved the jet skis, Rachael was actually feeling better.
She and her brother got on their jet skis.
“Race ya!” Michael yelled.
“You may try, but I will win in the end!”
Their father was running a close third place, while their mother- always the cautious one was in fourth place. She wasn’t technically even a competitor in the race! She was just sort of coasting along. 
For dinner, they docked at a restaurant along the intracoastal, where they all ordered huge baskets of fried shrimp, oysters, and crab- except for their mom who had a chicken sandwich. Seafood, especially shellfish, really wasn’t her favorite cuisine.
After dinner, they leisurely made their way back to return the rented jet skis. A quick stop in the public restroom and everyone was changed and ready to go see a movie. The movie theater was very quiet this evening- being a school night and all. Rachael had hoped to bump into a few friends there, but on a Wednesday night that was pretty much hopeless. It was times like these she was so thankful for her Facebook page. She hadn’t seen most of her friends in months. If it weren’t for her Facebook page she would have no idea what they were up to.
The movie was great, about a wizard and his battle against evil. Rachael’s parents actually seemed to really enjoy it too- even though it was not what would typically be their type of movie.
Later that night, Rachael lay awake in bed thinking about Colten. Tomorrow is Thursday. I can’t wait to see him one last time before I go home. Rachael fell asleep dreaming about him.
*
At dawn she awoke and decided that since she didn’t have any homework to do, she might lay out beside the pool. She had her radio blaring and was really enjoying the day. She must have fallen asleep because when she awoke, Colten was there.
“Hey, baby. What time is it?”
He glanced at his watch. “Three thirty.” Then Colten looked behind him saying,
“Hope you don’t mind, but I brought some friends by that wanted to say hello.”
Rachael looked over to see about twenty of her friends standing there.
“Oh my gosh! Colten! You’re the best!”
Rachael jumped up and ran over to where everyone stood. She hugged Brittany and Melissa. Next she hugged TJ and Ellery.
Hmm. Brittany and Ellery put aside their differences for me. That’s a start. Maybe in time they will be friends again.
A bunch of the girls from her prep school were there- including several she had known in cotillion that would now be making their debuts in the spring as well. There was Elizabeth, Trudy, Jen, Joanne and Shelly. Also several of her guy friends were there as well.
Rachael spent the afternoon swimming with her friends and catching up on lost time. She told her friends about the date she had selected for her ball and her theme of an English tea and garden party. When the afternoon came to an end Rachael said a teary, heartfelt goodbye. 
“It’s not goodbye forever.” Ellery reminded her. “Just goodbye for now. See you in the spring.”
Colten had to go too. His parents had placed him on restrictions for lying about tennis and he had to be home before dark. Before he left Rachael needed to ask him a question. Everyone else had gone home and the two of them stood hugging goodbye.
“Colten. I wanted to ask you something.”
“Sure.”
“We are having a dance at school called a Sadie Hawkins Dance. It is where the girls ask the guys. It is on Valentine’s Day weekend. Would you like to be my date?”
“I would love to be your date. So it’s set. I’ll see you then.”
They kissed goodbye.









Chapter Twenty-one

Friday morning Rachael was in a bit of a bad mood. It had been a bittersweet visit for her. Being here in Palm Beach, surrounded by family and old friends, she realized just what she had been missing. Maybe they could come back for winter break. As they were driving back to her aunt’s house she decided to ask.
“Hey mom?”
“Yes, dear.”
“Do you think it would be possible to come back for the winter break?”
“That’s the plan. Your father can’t travel anywhere so we will bring Christmas to him. It will be nice. I have already checked your school calendar and you will be out of school until the end of the first week in January.”
“Great. Michael and I can email all of our friends and let them know we will be in town.”
“Good, Rachael.” Her mother seemed a little melancholy this morning, as well. Leaving her father behind each time couldn’t be easy for her. 
Even Michael seemed sad today. He had spent all afternoon yesterday with his friends as well. Her mother had arranged it all. Everyone sat in silence and it was the longest car ride of Rachael’s entire life- not literally- it just felt like it.
Rachael was helping her mother unload the car when her aunt rushed outside and said- 
“Just leave everything right where it is! We have to get over to the Baxter’s Ranch to help them.”
Rachael set her suitcase back inside the trunk and slammed it shut. She had never seen her aunt move this quickly. In less than thirty seconds, she was behind the wheel and tearing out of her driveway.
“What has happened, Margaret?” She asked her sister.
“The horses. They got out last night. Someone didn’t properly tie one of the gates that leads into the largest horse pasture. The horses got into the barn and foundered themselves on feed.”
Foundered? What the heck is foundered?
Her mother seemed to understand perfectly and asked
“How many are sick?”
“About twenty. Ginnie called about ten minutes ago. They need our help.”
“Doing what?” Rachael asked.
“Walking horses,” her aunt responded dryly. 
“What does foundered mean?” Rachael asked as they raced down the Baxter’s driveway towards the house.
“Laminitis, which is commonly called founder, is a condition that can affect two or more of the horses’ hooves. It can have multiple causes and doesn’t always result in founder. In this case, however, it was caused by overfeeding. The horses got into the barn last night and ate way too much. There is no way to know how much feed each of them has ingested- so they all must be treated. The vet has given them bute for pain and has recommended forced exercise as a treatment for ten hours.”
“Ten hours!” Rachael and Michael exclaimed.
Everyone jumped out and raced to the barn. Maysie was currently walking three horses around the yard and house. So was Travis, their mother and father. There were seven more in stalls that obviously needed to be walked as well.
“If you each grab two horses- it would be a huge help.” Mr. Baxter directed. “Rachael- you can get one out of a stall and please take one from Mrs. Baxter.”
“Yes, sir.” Rachael answered. 
Rachael was wearing flip flops- not the best shoes for walking horses for the next ten hours. She walked over to Mrs. Baxter and grabbed John from her. 
Rachael swiftly led her horses to catch up to Maysie. 
“Hey, Maysie. This is terrible. My aunt gave me a brief explanation of founder- but why are we walking them for ten hours?”
“The vet said they will all be very sleepy from the bute. In the worst cases a foundered horse will just want to lie down. This can be very dangerous and result in permanent damage to their hooves. Exercise also helps the food to pass through their digestive systems more quickly. The vet tubed each horse- hoping to make them pass some of the rich feed they ingested last night.”
“What is tubing?” Rachael asked not sure she wanted to know the answer.
“Trust me, you don’t want to know. Let’s just say it works similar to a horsey laxative. The vet inserts a long tube through the horse’s nostril and to the stomach. He then flushes the tube with mineral oil, followed by some water.”
“Yuck!” 
“Yep. That’s pretty much it. He treated all of the horses for colic as a result of the over-eating. Hence the tubing.” Then, as if they were discussing nothing of grave importance- not to mention disgusting, Maysie asked, “So how was your trip?”
“Fantastic! And Colten even surprised me with a reunion get together with all of my closest friends yesterday afternoon! Then, I asked him to the Sadie Hawkins Dance and he said ‘yes’.”
“Wow! That’s even better! I’m so excited for you.” 
“What’s up with Travis?” Rachael asked. “He looks upset.”
“Coal’s hooves were the hottest. The vet believes he may be the worst affected by the founder.” Maysie explained.
“Oh. I’m guessing that is bad.”
“Yes. If he has permanent damage to the laminae, the area of the hoof that is affected, he may not be able to be ridden anymore or worse.”
“I don’t know what to say to him.”
“I wouldn’t say anything, Rachael. He’s still ticked at you and he broke up with Trisha this week. They had some huge fight. He’s in a mood.”
Rachael kept walking. Every few minutes John would stop and just stand there. Rachael couldn’t tell if it was the founder or laziness.
“Keep them moving Rachael!” Mr. Baxter yelled over.
“I’m trying, but John doesn’t want to go!” She called back.
“It’s the medicine making him sleepy, as well as the pain he is feeling in his feet.” Rachael turned and saw Gwin, Levi’s mom, standing there.
“Reinforcements have arrived, honey. I’ll take one.” She reached and took the Bay colored quarter horse named Baby from Rachael.
“Thanks.” Rachael saw that Phil Baxter, Levi’s father, went and took a horse from both her aunt and mother- leaving each of them with only one horse to walk.
Of course, I’m still walking John, if that’s what you want to call it. He will barely go. He needs some groundwork on leading.
Lazy horse!
Rachael couldn’t even keep up with Maysie at this pace. Levi came over to take John saying, “Here. I’ll walk John for a while. Can you go take a horse from Travis?” He smiled.
“Yeah… I’m onto you Levi. I know all about the bet. But, I will go take one of his horses because it isn’t fair that he should still be walking three.”
Rachael walked over to Travis and said, “Can I take one please?”
“Sure.” He handed her the lead rope for a beautiful palomino colored mare.
“Name’s Creamsicle.”
“Creamsicle?” Rachael asked, grinning.
“Not me. Maysie named her.” He added.
“I figured as much.” After a brief pause, Rachael- still walking beside Travis, said 
“I’m sorry about Coal.”
“Thanks, Rachael. He’ll be okay. We appreciate you coming to help. But doesn’t that kind of mess-up your Operation Avoid Travis Baxter thing?” 
Yep- he is still pissed off at me.
“I’m sorry about that too, Travis. I didn’t mean it.”
“Didn’t mean it? What is that supposed to mean? You launch a plan to avoid me and then get my twin sister to go along with it?”
“I know Travis. I’m a loser of a friend. I can only say I’m sorry.”
His eyes narrowed. “The thing I don’t get is how you can like someone so much that you hate them and need to completely end your friendship with that person. That’s messed up, Rachael.”
“It’s hard to explain, Travis.”
“Good. Because I don’t care to hear your explanations. Save those for Colten.”
Travis walked his horses at a very fast pace. Rachael knew it was a warning to stay away from him. Rachael did exactly that. She didn’t feel like talking to anyone right now. 
She was wearing flip flops! She had sand and dirt stuck between all of her toes! She even had blisters! She smelled like a horse and she was tired… and on top of all that she had lost her best guy friend in the whole world due to her own stupidity!
Only six hours to go…
Just then Rachael heard the telltale rumble of the Honcho coming up the driveway. That and the incessant barking of the beagles in the dog coop on the back could mean that none other than JJ had arrived. With him he had brought two other men. One of which strongly resembled him and might be his brother, AJ. The other man, upon closer inspection, was a guy who was probably in his early twenties. 
He was surprisingly HOT! He was actually properly attired- wearing shoes and all! 
Who is this guy?
The three of them went and relieved the three oldest women, Rachael’s mother, Aunt Margaret, and Mrs.Baxter, of their horse walking duty. 
Rachael’s mother made her way over to Rachael and said they were going home to rest for a while. “How are your feet holding out in those flip flops Rachael?”
“Great! They have gone numb!” Rachael joked, handing them to her mother. “I better just take them off. I don’t want any more blisters. Besides- it looks like JJ is barefoot.”
“JJ is always barefoot.” Rachael and her mother shared a laugh. “If you are really okay to continue, then Maysie will run you home in a while.”
“I’m fine.” Rachael reassured. “I have youth on my side.”
“Funny, dear, very funny.” Her mother walked away and was gone.
Suddenly the super-hottie was walking up to Rachael.
“Hi, ma’am, I’m Tristan. I live out in Myakka City. I’m friends with the Baxters. If you would like to take a break, I can walk your mare for you.”
“That would be nice, Thank you. I’m Rachael.”
“Nice to meet you, Rachael.”
Rachael went inside to take a much needed potty break. Maysie came in to take one as well. They each grabbed a can of soda and ate half a sandwich that Mrs. Baxter had just made.
Rachael grabbed an extra can of soda and a half a sandwich and headed back outside to continue the horse walking.
On her way to where Tristan was with her horse, she walked up to Travis. She handed him the soda and sandwich saying, “I thought you might be thirsty and need a snack.”
“Arsenic?” He raised his eyebrow.
“Yes. Tons of it. I figure if I kill you I won’t have to work so hard at avoiding you.” 
He actually laughed and took a huge bite.
“Death never tasted so good.” 
Then he merely started walking again.
Small steps… we’ll be friends again. Whether he wants to or not.
Rachael walked over and took her horse’s lead rope. Tristan seemed content to walk with her for the next few hours.
“So, tell me about yourself.” He requested in his southern accent.
 “I’m originally from Palm Beach, just moved here a few months ago. I’m a sophomore at the high school here with Maysie and Travis.”
 “Oh. I thought you looked much older than that… So do you ride much?” He continued.
“Just started. Maysie has been giving me riding lessons for over a month now. We usually work together every Sunday afternoon. It’s fun, but it is a lot more difficult than I had expected.”
“No. It’s just new to you is all. In time it will come naturally- but you do have to practice. Do you have a horse of your own yet?”
“No. Not yet. They require such a huge investment of both time and money. Currently, I’m short on both.”
“What do you spend most of your time doing?”
“Dancing. Maysie, Shannah and I dance together at the high school. Do you know Shannah?”
“Sure do. Know her father, too. Good people.” He eyed Rachael and then continued, “Dancing, huh? What type?”
“Jazz, hip hop, ballet. And you- do you dance?”
He laughed. “No. Not if I can help it, Rachael. I’m a cowboy. I train and ride horses, and work with cows. When I was your age I liked to show steers.”
“Show steers. What is that?”
“In the county fair. Have you ever been to the fair and seen the huge livestock barn?”
“Yes. At the Florida State Fair.”
“Then, you have seen show steers, and probably hogs and heifers too.”
“That sounds like fun. I have a heifer now. Travis gave her to me as a gift. Maybe you can help me with her this summer. I would love to learn how to properly work with her.”
“Sure, I wouldn’t mind showing you a few things- but Travis could show you too. Up until last year, he showed steers every year in the fair. He has all the right experience.”
“Well, that’s a little difficult. We aren’t exactly talking right now.”
“Did you break up or something?”
“No. We’ve never even dated. We just had a disagreement.”
“Must be a pretty big one.”
“Why do you say that?” Rachael asked.
“I’ve known Travis his entire life, and I’ve never known him to be so angry with someone to not be speaking with them- especially a pretty girl such as yourself.”
Rachael blushed. Then said, “I guess I just bring out the angry side of him.”
“Don’t beat yourself up over it. If he is really angry with you then it might be a good thing.”
“I don’t see how it could be a good thing. He will barely speak to me or even look at me.”
“That bad, huh?”
“Yep. I brought him a can of soda and a snack a little while ago and he asked me if it was poisoned with arsenic.”
“That’s funny.” Then Tristan caught his slip-up. “What I meant to say is, if he is making jokes with you, he may be beginning to come around to the idea of being friends with you again. You’ll see. Give him time. Look- here he comes now.”
“Hey, Rachael, I’ll take Creamsicle. Maysie is going to run you home.” Travis sounded moodier than ever.
“Okay. But, I can stay and help out. I don’t have anywhere I need to be.”
“No. We don’t need your help now that the guys are here. Go home and get cleaned up.”
Rachael felt as if she were being dismissed.
“Rachael?” Tristan called. “Thanks for walking with me. I’ll make sure to stop by this summer to help you with that heifer.”
“Thanks, Tristan. It was nice meeting you.”
What was that? 
A ‘thank you, Rachael’ from Travis would have been nice. 
So he does hate me.
“Don’t sweat it, Rachael. Travis is just being a jerk.” Maysie said when they were seated in her car a few minutes later.
Rachael said nothing and merely nodded her head. 
She got home and ran a hot, steaming bubble bath. She soaked for over an hour and then went to check email. She posted a note on Facebook saying she would be home for the holidays. It was still a couple of weeks away, but she was elated!
Rachael spent all day Saturday and Sunday working with Taffy. She figured this groundwork thing, while obviously intended for a horse, could be done on a heifer as well. Rachael’s visions of grandiose really fizzled out when she realized that just getting Taffy to lead on her lead rope without pulling would take all day Saturday and half of Sunday.
She also taught her to back up. Things might be progressing more slowly than anticipated, but she would eventually be a well-trained cow!
*
The next few weeks at school flew by. She never saw Travis anymore. She didn’t have any classes with him and her interaction with Maysie was limited to lunch, the ride to and from school, and dance practice.
Maybe it’s better this way.
The end of football season was quickly approaching. Rachael and the dance team had a large band competition this Saturday in Tampa. Rachael should be nervous, having never participated in a band competition before, but she wasn’t. Probably because the routines they would be performing they had been working on and doing for halftime for weeks. Rachael was sure she could even do it in her sleep if she tried. 
At school Gabe and Shannah had finally become a real couple. They walked to and from classes together every day. Gabe was so sweet about it and really seemed to worship the ground Shannah walked on! He even joined them at their lunch table, even though it made him and Fred the only two guys. Fred had started dating Alex right after homecoming and had never stopped! Even Maysie and Adam were dating. It was hard for Rachael to be surrounded by all of these couples day after day. She hadn’t seen Colten since her trip to Palm Beach over a month ago- and she had no hope of seeing him anytime soon either.
Colten was still on restrictions which included any overnight trips to visit Rachael. According to Colten he couldn’t even stay at friends’ houses right there in Palm Beach. His grades had continued to drop and his parents were taking drastic measures to make sure he brought them up before the end of the school year. 
Rachael’s only hope was he would be off restrictions in time to attend her Sadie Hawkins Dance with her on Valentine’s Day weekend. It was only a few months away. She kept telling Colten to behave and really buckle down. She wanted him here- no- she needed him here. February seemed so far away. Rachael also had the promise of seeing him during winter break. She couldn’t wait.
*
On Saturday, disaster struck! Colten called her first thing in the morning.
“Hey. How are you today?”
“Good.”
“Are you ready for your band competition today?”
“Sure am. I think it will be fun. I am anxious to see what the other dance teams have put together. Some of them should have amazing choreography.”
“I’ll bet. I wish I could be there.”
“Me too. But we will see each other soon enough- winter break is right around the corner.”
“Yes- well that is why I am calling.”
“What’s wrong?” Rachael could tell from Colten’s voice there was something wrong.
“I have some bad news. My family is going skiing in Park City for the entire holiday. We leave the Friday school lets out and get back the Sunday before it starts again.”
Colten’s announcement met with utter silence. He heard Rachael crying.
“Honey. Are you okay?”
“Yes. I just don’t know what to do. It is not your fault. I understand. I am just disappointed. I was so looking forward to seeing you. Now it won’t be until Valentine’s Day weekend.” She sniffled.
“I know, but then it will only be a little bit until spring break and then your Ball. Then we will have the entire summer to look forward to. Think positive Rachael.”
“I will try. I have to go. Talk to you tonight after the competition.”
Rachael lay on her bed and sobbed. She cried until her eyes burned. Until she thought she didn’t have any fluid left in her entire body. After a while she fell asleep.
*
There was a light knock at her door. 
“Rachael? Rachael? Are you ready?” Maysie opened the door. “OMG! You don’t look ready to leave for the band competition. What’s going on?”
Shannah stood in the doorway beside her.
“I will get her some coffee.” Shannah disappeared down the hall.
“Come on, my friend. I will help pull you together.”
Maysie went to her closet and pulled out the sequined uniform they were supposed to wear tonight. She went in Rachael’s drawer and located her dance tights and her jazz boots that were in one of her cedar shoe boxes. 
“Make-up.” Maysie muttered. “We will need lots and lots of make-up. We can do it on the bus ride over to Tampa. Come on- we have to go or we’ll be late.”
She walked to the bathroom and grabbed Rachael’s make-up bag. She threw everything in her dance bag, including her cell phone off of the bedside table.
Rachael got up and put on some flip flops.
“You look great.” Maysie encouraged.
Shannah appeared back at the door with a sandwich and a huge mug of coffee with a fitted lid.
“I don’t know about great- but it will have to do.” Shannah said sarcastically.
They rode in silence to the school where they would be meeting the rest of the band members to go to the competition. 
“Do you want to talk about it?” Maysie asked.
Rachael just shook her head and sipped her coffee.
When they got there they boarded the bus in silence. Rachael took a seat with Jody, whom she wasn’t really close friends with. Jody liked to read on the bus rides on the way to football games. She wouldn’t expect Rachael to talk- at all.
On queue, as expected, Jody produced a huge book and began to read. Rachael appreciated the quiet. 
Suddenly Maysie was there beside her.
“Jody, change seats with me. I need to do Rachael’s make-up. We can’t let her compete today looking like that.”
Jody hopped up and sat beside Shannah.
Maysie started applying Rachael’s make-up.
“You don’t have to speak. Just sit there and look pretty. I will do all the work.”
After what seemed like a really long time, Maysie announced, “All done. Now you can go back to your deep, dark place of depression.”
Rachael actually cracked up. “Am I really that bad?”
“Yes. I thought for sure someone had died or something tragic. Besides- look at you. You are wearing a pair of really small guy’s boxer shorts, a tank top and no bra! You didn’t even get dressed today, did you?”
“OMG! I didn’t even realize I was still in pajamas.”
“I noticed too.” Shannah hollered from over her seat. “And I’m sure all of the male band members noticed.”
As Rachael looked around, she noticed the multiple sets of eyes on her…
Mark, their drum major, said, “Love the new look Rachael! It really suits you. Gotta love that sunshine state.”
“Thanks.”
So I’ll change as soon as I get to the competition. 
As Rachael stood up, she realized this particular pair of short pajama shorts simply said ‘FLORIDA’ across the butt. Obviously Mark had already noticed that.
When the bus arrived, everyone stood to get off. When Rachael, Shannah and Maysie made their way to the door and down the steps- a roar went up from the crowd waiting just outside in the parking lot.
In the front there was a group of students holding a banner that said 
‘Go Maysie! Shannah! Alex! Amber! And Rachael!’
Rachael immediately recognized the group as including Gabe, Adam, Clay, Fred, and Travis. All of the boyfriends were there to cheer their girlfriends on- or sister as the case may be for Travis- in the competition. 
Everyone’s boyfriend but mine.
“Thanks, guys, for coming! What a nice surprise.” Maysie crooned. 
“That’s real cool.” Shannah never got too excited. She stepped over and gave Gabe a peck on the cheek.
Rachael said hi to everyone and followed the band in the general direction of the locker room to get changed.
“Go Florida!” She heard Travis and several of the other guys yell. Since most of the schools were from Florida, Rachael had the definite feeling they were not cheering for the state in general.
Travis jogged up beside her. “Forget to get dressed today?” 
“Something like that. So you’re talking to me again?”
“Yep, I tried hating you and it didn’t really work for me. So I’m willing to give this friendship thing a try again, if you are.”
Rachael stopped. Dropped her dance bag. And hugged Travis long and hard.
“I’ve missed you, Travis.”
“Missed you too. Go on Florida. You better go get changed.”
The band competition was exciting! There were bands from all over Florida. Some had flag corps and baton twirlers. The uniforms for the dancers ranged from full suits with sleeves and everything, to non-existent with the smallest tops, skirts or shorts Rachael had ever seen! 
Who designs this stuff?
Rachael watched as band after band took the field. She and Maysie studied the dance teams’ moves- committing their favorites to memory for use in their own routines. After two hours, an announcer announced their school- East Manatee High School- would be next on deck. They all left the warm-up area and proceeded to the sidelines. 
Okay. Now I am not so calm as before.
Rachael could hear her heart thumping in her ears. The band that was on the field concluded. The announcer announced over the loud speaker
“Now marching, East Manatee High School.”
Their band marched out onto the field- heads held high! Smiles in place.
The next several minutes flew past, like a breeze! They were done, and it was so easy.
But, they were not completely done. They needed to wait for the awards ceremony. It would be several hours until then and they had time to kill. Their band director told them to meet back at the concession stand in two hours.
Rachael and her friends went to scope out all of the other dance teams’ outfits. Maysie was taking mental notes for when they were seniors and would get the chance to design one new uniform for the dance team. It was an EMHS tradition. They thought the neatest uniform was a cat-suit design with holes cut into it on the abdomen- both sides. It was one solid piece of spandex from neck to ankle.
“Do you think that thing would be too hot?” Rachael asked just imagining herself sweating in the cat suit. 
“No. Remember how cold you were at last night’s game? I think we could use a cold weather option.” Maysie stated.
“I agree. I was so cold I thought I was getting sick or something.” Shannah griped.
“Then, it is agreed. We like this one. Remind me to sketch it later.”
The girls headed out to the parking lot to say hi to the guys. Rachael felt like the odd girl out. She was the only one there who didn’t have a boyfriend with her.
Travis and Trisha sat talking on the back of his tailgate.
I wonder if they are back together again.
“Come sit with us.” Trisha called.
“No thanks.” Nothing like a third wheel. “I need to call Colten.”
Rachael dialed Colten. When he didn’t answer she just left a message.
“Hey, Colten. It’s me. The dance competition is over and we did fantastic. We are just waiting for the awards ceremony.”
Rachael wondered where Colten was. It was a Saturday night, but because he was still on restrictions he couldn’t go anywhere. He must be in the shower or out rollerblading.
“Boo.” Travis whispered in her ear.
“Hey. Where did Trisha go?”
“Back over with some friends.”
“Oh, okay. Did you guys work things out?”
“No. We’re just friends. It’s better for us both that way. She was never really my type.”
“I think I remember you saying that before you started dating her.”
“Yes. Well I had to learn the hard way. How about you? What’s up with the jammies and swollen eyes?”
“Oh- so you noticed?” Rachael looked down at the ground.
“There’s not much about you that I don’t notice, Rachael. Although I have to admit to liking the shorts. I think I could make a pretty convincing argument they could pass for regular shorts.”
“Oh really. Well, I was bawling my eyes out earlier because Colten is going skiing for the winter break. He is grounded over some problems with grades and I won’t be seeing him again until Valentine’s Day weekend.”
“Bummer. But I think I might have something that will cheer you up.”
“What’s that?”
“Well my parents have a surprise bonfire party planned for Maysie tonight to celebrate the band competition. Just close friends. She doesn’t know yet. I have been assigned the job of getting you and Maysie there. Gabe will take care of getting Shannah there- he and I already discussed it. Are you in?”
“Of course! A bonfire party- that’s not exactly something I have ever done on the Island.”
“I figured as much. Don’t worry- your mom already knows. My mom called her. You have to be home by midnight. But we will have to stop by your house and get you some jeans. It’s a cool night and you might freeze in those shorts you wore. Don’t get me wrong I like the Florida shorts… a lot.”
Just then Rachael slugged Travis in the shoulder. Maysie, Amber and Shannah walked over and said it was time to go meet everyone at the concession stand for the awards ceremony.
At the concession stand, the band director advised them that for the awards ceremony they would need to take the field with all of the other bands and stand in formation. The announcer would announce who had won each category.
They marched onto the field and anxiously awaited the announcements.
The master of ceremonies began to speak over the loud speaker.
“First of all we would like to thank all of the bands that participated in today’s competition. Many of these bands came from all over Florida and beyond to be here. We recognize the amount of time, dedication and effort every band has put into their programs that we were honored to see here today.
“We would also like to extend a special thank you to all of our sponsors and fundraising partners that helped to make today’s competition a success. In addition we would like to thank our host school for generously allowing us to use their field and facilities. Finally, a round of applause to all of the parents and friends of the band members. Without their support, tonight would not have been possible. Thank you!”
After the applause died down, the master of ceremonies continued.
“The Class A Champions are Lake Jessup with a score of 86.95.”
Next the announcer rattled off the names of ten or so other schools and their scores. Rachael tried very hard to listen and follow it all, but being that this was her first band competition, she was pretty clueless as to how it would proceed. The only thing she knew for a fact was her high school was a Class AAAAA school. If they had won any awards she wouldn’t know for quite a while.
The announcer worked his way through the Class AA, Class AAA and Class AAAA schools. Finally he began to announce the Class AAAAA winners.
“The Class AAAAA Champions are East Manatee High School from Bradenton, Florida with a score of 91.83.”
Rachael’s entire band erupted in applause! 
After they had quieted the announcer announced the remaining top ten Class AAAAA schools and their scores. Next he announced the Field Show Competition Grand Champion winner- which was some enormous school from South Florida. 
By the end of the competition the band had won Superiors in both Music Execution and Visual Execution. But the best part of the night was when East Manatee High School was recognized in the Special Awards segment of the ceremony for having the Best Dance Team!
When the awards ceremony came to an end, everyone proceeded to the parking lot where the band director announced that if you had friends and family here you didn’t have to ride the bus back to school. 
Just then Maysie grabbed Rachael’s arm and said
“We’re all riding back with my brother.”
“Good.”
Rachael was relieved to not have to ride the school bus all the way back to Bradenton. It made for a long ride!
Shannah and Gabe rode with Amber and Clay. Maysie, Adam and Rachael rode with Travis. 
They all listened to music and sang along to their favorite songs! When they neared Adam’s exit on the interstate and Travis sailed on past- Maysie yelled, “Travis! Are you on auto-pilot or what? You just passed Adam’s exit!”
“He’s not going home.” Travis advised her.
“Where’s he going?”
“It’s a surprise.” Travis answered with a knowing look.
Everyone exchanged glances.
Next they were in the country out near Rachael’s house. When Travis flew past the road where he would have turned off to run Rachael home, Maysie squealed
“Okay, you guys… what’s going on?”
No one answered her. Everyone just kept singing along with the radio.
Great. We forgot the jeans. Oh well- it’s cool out. At least there won’t be any mosquitoes.
They finally got to Travis and Maysie’s house where they could see the huge bonfire blazing in the pasture.
“A bonfire! You shouldn’t have.”
“It wasn’t me. It was Mom and Dad’s idea.”
When they got to the house, they could see several of their friends’ cars lined the driveway. They walked out to the pasture, on their way passing the barn. All of the lights were on in the barn. There was music and food- it smelled like barbeque! Out at the bonfire they could see lots of kids talking. There were wooden benches and lawn chairs all around the fire. Everyone was roasting marshmallows for s’mores. 
Rachael carried her dance bag and ran inside to change into her shorts and tank top. When she came back outside, she took a seat at the bonfire and grabbed a long stick for roasting marshmallows. She piled three on the stick and cooked them in the fire until they actually caught fire.
“Remind me to never let you cook anything for me over an open fire.” Travis referenced her burning marshmallows as he walked up and took a seat beside her. “They look a little burnt.”
“That’s just the way I like them. Don’t knock it until you try it.” She pulled them from the fire and blew out the flames. She continued with her marshmallow instruction. “So after you blow them out- you let the outside cool a little and then peel off the burnt crispy part and eat it!” She demonstrated. “Um. Mmmm. That is good. Next you eat the melted center.” She had gone on a few camping trips with her Aunt Margaret a couple of years back. S’mores had always been her favorite camping treat.
As Rachael licked her fingers, Travis asked, “But that kind of defeats the purpose. Now you don’t have one left to make a s’more.”
“That’s the point. I have to make another one. Maybe after five or six I can make a s’more. Right now, I am just burning and eating marshmallows.” 
“Okay- I don’t usually eat them burned, but I will give it a try- you’ve got me convinced.”
“I’ll make you one. I can’t trust the burning of marshmallows to just anyone.” She grinned.
A few minutes later, Rachael pulled a burning stack of marshmallows from the fire. After they cooled, she quickly pulled the outside crunchy part off and ate it herself. She then handed what was left, the ooey-gooey sticky centers, to Travis.
“Hey! No fair! You took the best part!”
“Okay. Okay. I’ll make you another one.” Rachael burned another stack of marshmallows and this time willingly handed it over to Travis. He took off the outside of one and ate it.
“Yep. That is good.” Then he offered Rachael one from between his fingers- just as she reached to take it he popped the entire marshmallow in his mouth.
“MMM. MMMM.” He teased. “So good.”
“Oh- that wasn’t fair.” Rachael snagged her stick back and said, “Go get your own stick, Travis.”
“I will.” He jumped up and returned with another stick and a box of chocolate bars and graham crackers. “We’re all set.”
As they made s’more after s’more, they talked about the competition.
“I can’t believe how well we did tonight!” Rachael started.
“I know. It shocked me too.” Rachael slapped Travis’ leg for that comment. Then he amended his previous statement. 
“No. I really wasn’t surprised at all. I don’t usually get to see you guys perform because I am always in the locker room at halftime, but I know Maysie is a good dancer and I figured you wouldn’t exactly suck.” Another smack on the knee from Rachael and Travis ducked his head expecting another blow.
“No. In all seriousness, I saw you dancing with Fred Astaire at homecoming and knew you at least had some rhythm.” He laughed as Rachael seized his stick.
“No more marshmallows for you sir! I think all the sugar is going to your brain. You better stop with the dance comments while you are ahead.” She warned.
“Well, I will now that you are armed with two sticks. I wouldn’t want to end up impaled!”
“Yeah. You better watch it.” Rachael was laughing and so was Travis.
Just then, without even realizing what she was doing, Rachael leaned in to kiss Travis- but stopped herself right before she did it. 
“Oh, sorry, Travis. I don’t know what I was thinking.” 
“Don’t apologize Rachael. You don’t think that I haven’t thought about doing the same thing?” He paused and then said “Believe me. I have. It’s just that right now you have a boyfriend, and I don’t want you to ever regret kissing me. And if you kissed me tonight- you would regret it. I don’t think I could handle that.”
Rachael just nodded her head. “I’ve gotta go.”
She jumped up and found Mrs. Baxter and asked her to run her home. Mrs. Baxter agreed.
Five minutes later Rachael was lying in bed, just staring at her ceiling. She couldn’t possibly even look at her picture frame tonight. She felt too guilty…
I almost kissed Travis Baxter.









Chapter Twenty-two

The Winter Holiday came and went. Rachael had enjoyed the quiet time away from school, friends, and most importantly the time away from both Travis and Colten. Colten and his family had gone to Park City skiing as planned. Rachael had needed the alone time to figure out what she was feeling for both of them and how to move forward. 
Now, back at school, the days rolled by, one after the other, until the weekend of the Sadie Hawkins Dance had finally arrived. Rachael had seen very little of Travis since the near kiss and unfortunately when they bumped into each other things were even more awkward than they had ever been before. 
Rachael’s cell rang just before dawn and she rolled over to answer it.
Who could that be? No one ever calls this early.
Worried it may be her mother with another bad news update on her father, Rachael rushed to answer it.
“Hey, it’s Colten. You never called me back last night.”
I know I didn’t. 
Rachael had been avoiding talking to Colten for the last few weeks. They had spent no time together. She wasn’t sure how she felt about him anymore. Then there was the near kiss with Travis at the bonfire and the guilt Rachael felt. Rachael knew she had been avoiding Colten. She knew she was being unfair.
“Rachael? Are you there? Did you still want to go to the dance tonight?”
“I was just thinking. Yes. I would love to still go to the dance with you. There is nothing else I would rather do. What time will you be here?” Rachael was being honest. Just hearing his voice made her realize how badly she wanted to see and talk to him.
“Around noon. I thought I could go with you to get your hair and nails done.”
“Sounds good. I’ll see you then.”
If Colten would be here by noon it meant he was leaving Palm Beach now. He had really planned this out. Rachael decided to get up and get dressed. She had made an appointment last week at the salon. Her dress, shoes and accessories were ready to go. She would do her make-up a little later right before it was time for Colten to arrive.
She went out to the kitchen and heard a beep from her phone. It was Shannah texting her.
‘Is Colten coming tonight?’
Rachael responded 
‘Yes. ’
Shannah texted back
‘Good. Cu there’
Rachael’s morning dragged by. She did her chores, had breakfast, and checked the mail at the end of the driveway. Oh, who was she kidding? She was really checking for Colten’s jeep! She slowly walked back to the house. She even watered the flowers in the flowerbeds in front of the porch which is something she never did. 
Okay. I can hang-out outside all morning waiting for him to get here and it won’t accomplish anything! Except maybe needing some more deodorant or a shower.
Rachael decided to wait inside in front of the TV. An hour later she heard a car pull up- maybe it was a jeep. She ran to the front door and opened it before Colten even had the opportunity to ring the doorbell.
Rachael threw her arms around him and kissed his neck.
“I can’t believe it’s you! It’s been a long time.”
“Yes. Four months and ten days. I’ve been keeping count.”
This time Rachael really kissed him. Afterwards, Colten set his bag down in the foyer and said, “Come on, favorite girl. Time is wasting! If we need to shop for a tux for me, we better hurry.”
“You don’t have a tux?”
“No. Thought we could go get one together. I figured it might be something you would enjoy getting to choose.”
“Okay. But I don’t know where we can find one same day.”
“I do. I called ahead earlier this week. There is one tailor in the area that will do it same day for a price. We have an appointment.”
“Fun.” Rachael said as she closed the door.
*
Rachael and Colten arrived at a small tux and suit store on St. Armands Circle in Sarasota sometime later. Rachael browsed the tuxedo slacks that were in-stock in Colten’s size. 
“I like these.” She announced. 
The tailor came over and looked at the pants she had selected. They were solid black with a small, thin piece of satin black fabric trimming the outside seam of the leg. They were simple, yet elegant. But also a little flashy like Colten himself. The jacket was black as well with the same thin black satin trimming the pockets and collar. Rachael suggested a red and black checked cummerbund. A white shirt and black satin bow tie completed the look. The tailor advised them the alterations needed were very minor and would be finished by five o’clock. 
Rachael and Colten headed to their favorite ice cream parlor where Colten ordered the kitchen sink. Rachael sat watching him eat it until she couldn’t stand it anymore. She needed a bite- just one bite. 
Okay…Maybe ten bites.
“Hey, no fair. This is my kitchen sink. Go get your own.” Colten protested.
“I think you could have eaten the whole thing on your own.”
“I could have. I love this ice cream. I just can’t stop eating it.”
Rachael and Colten finished their ice cream and then went to the hair salon for her appointment. The stylist was asking Rachael how she wanted to wear her hair. Rachael turned to Colten and asked, “What do you think?”
“Down and straight. You look so elegant and striking when your hair is straight.”
But I have naturally curly hair…
Rachael looked at the stylist and nodded anyhow. If Colten liked straight hair better, then straight it would be.
Next, with a very sophisticated, sleek hair style Rachael went over to have her nails painted. She did a simple French manicure this time. Afterwards she and Colten went to pick up his tux. 
By the time they arrived home, it was nearing six o’clock and they barely had time to grab a bite to eat, change, and run out the door. 
When they arrived at the Sadie Hawkins Dance they made their way inside to join Rachael’s friends. It was all couples of course. Maysie and Adam. Shannah and Gabe. Amber and Clay.
Where is Travis?
Rachael thought but decided not to ask. It was the Sadie Hawkins Dance which traditionally was girl-ask-guy. Maybe no one had asked him.
Unlikely.
More likely was the chance that twenty girls had asked him and he was hiding out at home avoiding them all.
Colten was the perfect date- charming and pleasant. He engaged the entire table in conversations about England and his hometown of Manchester. He, Clay, and Gabe enjoyed a lively conversation and debate about American Football versus Rugby- and ultimately which was tougher and more physical.
It was just nice to be near Colten again. To hear his heartbeat in her ear as she laid her head on his chest. When the dance had ended, Rachael and Colten turned down the invitations to after-parties preferring to spend the little time they had together alone.
They drove home, got changed and sat on the couch to talk. Colten told her how school was going. The improvements he had made in regards to his grades. The fact he was no longer grounded and could now come visit her again. Rachael was relieved to hear all of these things.
Rachael shared with Colten the news about her father’s upcoming trial in the fall. The fact that he may actually do some jail time. While Colten didn’t admit to knowing any of this, Rachael could tell it wasn’t news to him. 
He must be following this in the local news more closely than I know.
Rachael loved Colten for the fact that he just listened. He didn’t judge her or her father. He didn’t feel a need to humiliate her further by letting her know he was already aware of the details. He just let her talk.
Rachael felt guilty for misjudging him earlier that week. 
Colten tucked Rachael in and went to bed in the guest room. 
*
When Rachael woke in the morning he was gone. There was a note on the kitchen table that read
Good morning My Favorite Girl,
I’m sorry I left so early. I had to be back for my father’s company picnic at noon. I came in to wake you, but you were sleeping so soundly that I didn’t want to. I will see you soon.
Love,
Colten 
Rachael glanced at the clock. It was ten o’clock! She never slept this late!
I could kick myself! I’m so angry at myself!
Rachael stormed down the hall wanting to scream. She shut her door and stayed in her room until lunch time. Her Aunt Margaret knocked at the door.
“Did you have fun last night dear?”
“Yes, Aunt Margaret. You can come in if you would like.”
Aunt Margaret opened the door and came to sit beside Rachael on the bed.
“Colten left so early this morning. I never thought of him as an early riser. I was up when he left a little before six.” She said.
“No. He never gets up that early. His father had a company picnic today at noon he needed to attend.”
“Poor guy must be exhausted. You two were up until really late. He couldn’t have gotten more than four hours sleep.”
“No. Probably not. I’ll text him and make sure he made it back safely.”
Rachael texted Colten, and he assured her he had made it home. 
*
After Colten’s visit the days slowed to a crawl. One afternoon she, Maysie, and Shannah were stretching in Shannah’s pole barn, getting ready to do some Taekwondo forms.
“So you must be excited!” Maysie commented. “Your Debutante Ball is only a few weeks away. I got my invitation in the mail yesterday. My mom and dad said I can go. It costs fifty dollars per ticket. The proceeds go to the women’s shelter. What about you, Shannah? Are you going?”
“Sure am. I think I will car pool over with you.” She winked at Maysie.
“Great! What a surprise. Did mom invite all of my friends from over here?” Rachael asked, eagerly anticipating her Ball.
“Just Amber, Alex, Shannah, Travis, and me.” Maysie explained.
“Poor Travis! He is the only guy coming with four girls!” Shannah said sarcastically.
“I don’t think he will come. I don’t think debutante balls are his thing.” Maysie sighed.
“Oh, but I think he would have fun. There will be all sorts of single, not to mention beautiful, talented, and smart girls there.” Rachael added.
“Maybe you can convince him. As of last night he said he was definitely not coming.”
“Oh, well, his loss.” Rachael was aggravated. Travis had been avoiding her for months. 
How long would this continue? He can’t keep it up forever, can he?
“How about Colten. Will he be there?” Maysie asked.
“Of course. He wouldn’t miss it. I hope he wears his new tux we bought him for the dance…though it is black- and he is supposed to wear white. It is white tie.”
“So tell us all about it. The dress. The food. The ambiance.” Maysie said excitedly.
The girls chatted about Rachael’s upcoming ball and then got down to the business of Taekwondo. Afterwards they went over and jumped into Maysie’s pool! It was only early April, and the water was just beginning to warm up. 









Chapter Twenty-three

It was Saturday morning, and the last weekend of spring break had finally arrived, and along with it Rachael’s Debutante Ball. Rachael had gone to Palm Beach last week with her brother and Aunt Margaret for the Easter holiday. It had been a quiet time for her family. Even though they were getting a little too old for an Easter egg hunt, their mother still had insisted on having one. Rachael really enjoyed it. Instead of just candy, a few eggs were usually filled with a ring or a pair of earrings. Of course, for Michael there were things like toy plastic frogs and eye balls. If you got an egg intended for your sibling, you just put it back where you had found it. Unless, of course, Rachael had been planning on starting a plastic eyeball collection.
This morning Rachael was nervous. She really didn’t have any responsibility today other than getting herself dressed and arriving at her own party. Her Aunt Margaret was going to curl her hair in a retro style. Her mother had gone to pick up her dress, jacket, hat and gloves earlier this week. Rachael had tried them on immediately. They were a perfect fit. 
Maysie, Shannah, Alex, and Amber had called yesterday afternoon and would be arriving this morning. They were planning on staying the night at Rachael’s house along with Ellery and Brittany. Everyone was excited about the party and was bringing along everything to do their own hair and make-up.
At noon, all of the girls arrived. Rachael helped them unload. Ellery really hit it off with Maysie and Shannah. Brittany didn’t seem to hit it off with anyone or maybe Maysie was still holding a grudge against her for the kiss she had shared with Jason in the fall. By four o’clock, everyone was ready to go. They had been posing for pictures for both Rachael’s and Ellery’s moms when the doorbell chimed. Rachael ran over and opened it. There was a beautiful black stretch limo waiting in the driveway.
Rachael turned to her mother and asked, “How?”
“Thank Ellery’s mother. This was her gift to make your day special.”
Rachael ran over and hugged Ellery’s mother firmly. The girls jumped into the limo and were on their way to Rachael’s Ball. 
Rachael had agreed earlier this week she and Colten would meet there. She couldn’t wait to see him. It had been a little over two months since they had last seen each other.
The limo arrived at the Garden where the girls exited and made their way inside. Rachael’s parents, as well as Ellery’s mother, met them there. Once inside, Rachael was ushered up the central grand staircase to a room upstairs. Her mother touched up her make-up, and Rachael was ready to receive her guests. She went downstairs to the front door where she and her parents, along with Ellery’s parents who were her sponsors, greeted each guest as they came through the door. After about an hour, the room was packed. 
But, there was no sign of Colten anywhere.
Rachael and her parents began to make their rounds through the party and mingle with the guests in the outside garden area. Rachael decided to sneak upstairs and check her cell phone for any messages from Colten.
When she got up to the room and took her phone from her purse on the desk, she noticed her message light was blinking. Colten had sent a text about an hour ago. She checked it and her heart sank.
‘Sorry. I won’t be able to make it. 
I had a tennis tourney in Vero Bch 
today. Pls understand.’
Please understand?
Is he kidding? Is he actually going to ditch me on the night of my Ball for some tennis match?
Did he not know about this tennis tournament two days ago when we last talked?
He hadn’t even mentioned it.
And this Ball has been planned for months.
Rachael slid down to the floor. She started to cry when Maysie and Ellery walked in.
“What’s wrong?” Ellery asked. 
Rachael looked up. “Colten’s not coming. The biggest night of my teenage existence, and he’s not coming.”
“Did he say why?” 
“Just that he had a tennis tournament in Vero Beach and couldn’t make it.”
Maysie, who had been standing quietly next to Ellery, sat down beside her.
“Rachael, I know this is painful, but you have two ways you can handle this. You can sit up here and cry your eyes out. I know that’s what you feel like doing. Or you can get up and go down there. Your parents have gone to a lot of trouble and expense to put this Ball on for you. You have over a hundred guests here tonight just to celebrate you. You have raised over five thousand dollars for the local women’s shelter. I think those are all things to be proud of.”
She exhaled and lifted her chin. “You’re right, Maysie. I can’t let something as small as this to allow me to miss out on my own special night. My parents and guests are waiting for me. I won’t be rude and discourteous.”
Rachael stood up and straightened her dress. Maysie grabbed her make-up bag and touched up her eye make-up.
“As good as new.” Maysie announced.
“Are we ready, ladies?” Rachael asked.
“Ready.” They both agreed.
Rachael regally walked down the grand staircase with both Maysie and Ellery on either side of her. When they got to the dance floor, the band leader announced the guest of honor, Rachael Harte, would lead the first dance of the evening. 
Rachael’s heart hit the floor. She felt panicked. Without Colten here, she didn’t have a dance partner or an escort. She scanned the room and then caught a movement out of the corner of her eye in the direction of the door … It was Travis. 
Has he been standing there the entire time?
She had never seen him look as handsome as he did tonight. 
This rugged cowboy sure did clean up nicely.
He walked towards her and took her hand leading her to the dance floor. As they slowly whirled around the dance floor, Rachael asked him in a whisper, “How did you know?”
“I didn’t. But I’m sure you will tell me about it later. Right now just try to forget about it and enjoy your special night. I know I will.” 
After the dance, Rachael thanked Travis for helping her avoid what could have been a very embarrassing situation. He asked her to take him around to meet all of her other friends. As they made their rounds, Rachael thought she saw Travis differently for the first time tonight.
Was it the tuxedo?
The lack of the ever-present cowboy hat?
The dark brown, spiked hair paired with the stunning green eyes? 
Even more accentuated by his tan and the white color of the tux?
Rachael couldn’t figure out what it was, but something was different.
In the end, it turned out to be a great evening in spite of Colten’s absence. Rachael was still very angry and hurt, but she didn’t let it ruin the entire occasion. 
When Rachael and her friends arrived back at the house, everyone was abuzz about the Ball and very careful not to mention Colten’s no-show. Rachael hadn’t forgotten though. She went to her room and dialed Colten. He said he would be over to talk to her in a few minutes.
Rachael went downstairs and told all of the girls he was on his way. Rachael could have been mistaken, but she got the definite feeling Brittany seemed a little uneasy with this last announcement.
When Colten got there, he and Rachael went out to the backyard to talk in private. All of the girls sat in the breakfast nook trying their best to listen in on the conversation except for Maysie, of course, who pointed out that eavesdropping is improper etiquette.
Colten sat down in a chair next to the pool and held his head in his hands.
“Rachael, there’s something I must tell you.”
“Okay.”
“I haven’t been exactly honest with you these last several months.” He paused, swallowed hard, and continued. “Do you remember back the first time I came to visit you at your Aunt Margaret’s house?”
“Yes.”
“Well, I was supposed to be breaking up with you.” 
Rachael’s throat tightened- and she found it hard to breathe. Colten just continued.
“I didn’t want to. My parents said that I had to. So, I went to visit you, but I couldn’t do it. Then, the next visit it became even harder. I had to lie to them and say I was staying the night at TJ’s house. I got nervous about the lie and was afraid they might find out that I was really going to see you instead. Finally, there was that week you came to visit me here and we spent the afternoon at the beach. We walked on the beach and grabbed a bite to eat. The waitress at the oyster bar recognized me. Later the same afternoon, my dad was in there for dinner, and she mentioned having seen us there earlier.”
“So, the call you received from your mother? She was asking if you were with me?”
Colten nodded yes. Rachael’s temper began to rise.
“And, you told her ‘yes’. Then, she asked about the tennis and you told her you had taken the week off.”
“That was the truth. I really did have a big project due at school.”
“Okay.” Rachael continued in frustration. “Then, you said your grades were slipping and you were grounded and couldn’t visit. Truth or lie?”
“A mixture of both. I was on restrictions and couldn’t visit, but it had nothing to do with grades. It was because of my parents catching me in the lie of still dating you.”
“The homecoming dance. You couldn’t come because of your hectic tennis schedule?”
“Lie. Only because I thought my parents were suspecting something.”
“The bracelet- broken or taken off?”
“I took it off when I got home and put it in a drawer. I’d told my mother that I had broken up with you. How would I have explained the bracelet?”
“The Facebook page. You never commented on anything or posted any comments. Not even when my dad’s problems first made the news. Why?”
“I couldn’t have my parents see we were still close.”
Tears were flowing down her cheeks now. “The day after the Sadie Hawkins Dance you had to leave early for your father’s company picnic. Truth or lie?”
“Truth.”
“My Debutante Ball today. Were you in Vero Beach or was that a lie too?”
“You have to understand, Rachael. I couldn’t go. If I was seen there escorting you it would have been all over town that we were still dating and that would have caused me even bigger problems with my parents! I was grounded for three months after the last time they caught me lying to them about dating you. They feel your father’s improprieties will tarnish our family’s reputation by my mere association with you.”
“Problems with your parents! Are you kidding me?” 
Rachael was standing now, choking back violent sobs. “I was standing in the middle of a dance floor with no one to dance with, surrounded by one hundred of our closest friends! And you are worried about saving face with your parents! My situation and family are that big of an embarrassment to you that you had to lie and date me in secret? Of all the people I expected to support me and stand up for me- it would have been you! Everyone else on this Island has stood beside us. But you can’t even defend me to your parents? Am I that unimportant to you!?” Rachael was shouting. She was hurt and angry. She was devastated and let down. Disappointed.
“Just leave.” She yelled. “Get out! You don’t want to have to lie about us anymore? About this? Well then, don’t! I am through being your scandalous lie and I am through with you, Colten.”
Rachael stormed into the house leaving him sitting outside. She ran up to her room and locked the door. Thank goodness all of her friends had the common sense to give her the space she needed.
Rachael sat in her room crying and reliving the events starting with Colten’s first visit last fall. She remembered the way her mother had reacted to the ring Colten had given her. Rachael mistakenly thought her mother was worried that it was a promise or engagement ring. Now, she realized that she had been wrong. Rachael remembered how her mother had questioned Colten about when he would visit next. Rachael had just mistaken it for interest in their relationship and basic conversation at the time. Now, she realized it must have been something much more. Rachael remembered the look of relief that had crossed her mother’s face when Colten said he would be returning once each month for a visit. Her mother’s best friend, Lonnie, was very connected and influential in Palm Beach. Lonnie would have heard about Colten’s parents’ ultimatum. Therefore, her mother would have heard, raced home to check on Rachael after his visit…
Only to find that they were fine and that I was sporting a new ring. Poor mom! She must have been worried sick for weeks. Eventually she would have dismissed it as idle gossip.
How embarrassing! 
After several hours spent in hiding, Rachael emerged from her room. Her friends were all sitting around the table. She noticed Brittany was missing. 
“Where’s Brittany?”
“She decided Colten could use some company. I say good riddance.” Shannah stated bluntly.
Rachael said nothing and kept her thoughts to herself. “Well, we broke up.” She sat down with a thud.
“We heard.” Maysie confessed, looking guilty.
“I can’t believe he lied to me all this time and then stands me up tonight in front of everyone.”
Everyone else commiserated with her and agreed Colten was a complete and total jerk. A coward!
“Are my parents home yet?” Rachael asked. It had been hours. She figured they had come home either some time after the fight or during it.
“Yes. Just after you disappeared upstairs. We sort of filled them in.” Ellery volunteered.
“Good. I don’t want to relive it anytime soon. Well, it’s back home tomorrow, ladies. I hate to be a party pooper, but I think I’m going to bed. Do you all know where the bedrooms are upstairs?”
“Yes. Don’t worry about us.” Maysie smiled sweetly. “We have everything under control.”
Rachael went upstairs to bed. 
*
The next day, Rachael said her goodbyes to Ellery. Then she, Amber, Alex, Maysie, and Shannah hit the road. About an hour into the ride, Shannah cut her eyes at Maysie. Then Maysie cut her eyes at Alex. Then Alex at Amber.
“Okay, you guys. What’s going on here? I see you exchanging looks.”
“Oh, nothing. Just a little Redneck Retribution is all.” Shannah laughed.
“Redneck Retribution?” Rachael asked.
“Yes. It was all Maysie’s idea, though she will deny it.” Amber explained.
“It’s nothing really.” Maysie winked. “We just paid Colten’s jeep a visit last night. We toilet papered the whole thing really well. No one saw us, of course. And toilet paper alone won’t damage the paint.”
“Tell the truth, Maysie.” Shannah charged. “You wanted to egg it too, but I convinced her we could actually get into trouble for that. It would dry and the toilet paper would stick to it and damage the paint. We could have gotten into big legal trouble with that one.
“We certainly don’t need any of that. Even Ellery has a touch of redneck in her. She suggested cutting his valve stems and tacking his driveway. And possibly cutting his battery cables. You gotta watch that girl. She’s really growing on me.” Shannah boasted.
All of the girls laughed. 
“While I hate him right now, I’m glad you guys convinced her to avoid the illegal activities.” Rachael grinned.
“You know what they say, don’t you, Rachael?” Maysie asked sweetly.
Rachael shook her hear ‘no’- and was a little afraid of what Maysie might say next…
“You can make a redneck into a refined lady, but even a refined redneck is still a redneck.”









Chapter Twenty-four

In the final weeks of school Rachael realized just how affected she was by her break-up with Colten. They had dated for a year and a half. She had loved him. 
Truly loved him. 
He was my first kiss… my first romance…my first love. 
Rachael put away the picture frame he had made her. She wanted to erase Colten from her life. She didn’t need any more reminders of their time together. She threw away her surfer bracelet and the picture of them taken at the Sadie Hawkins Dance. She took off the silver ring for the first time since he had given it to her and placed it in her jewelry box.
Time slipped by, Rachael finished the school year and her final exams. 
One Saturday morning, she sat at the bar contemplating her life over a cup of coffee. Rachael’s father’s trial was scheduled to start in the fall and she had no idea where that would lead. Rachael walked out to the barn to feed Taffy and ole’ lonesome George, and decided to keep right on walking. It started to rain, and what had started as a drizzle became a downpour. She crossed the property line onto the Baxter Ranch and continued onward. She knew that both the break-up with Colten and her father’s upcoming trial were only the beginning of what would be very tough times.
What if her father were found guilty? Worse… what if he went to prison? Her mother would be devastated. Rachael had no idea what affect it would have on Michael. They still had the support of their Aunt Margaret, but even she had decided to take a job to make ends meet. The attorney’s bills kept right on coming. Their assets were still frozen. Her mother had applied for a job in Sarasota and would start in the next week or two.
Rachael felt hopeless. There was only one place for her to go- one person for her to turn to. One person who knew her and accepted her, even when he wasn’t always happy with her. One person she suddenly realized she not only liked, but loved with all of her heart.
Without even realizing it, she was walking in the direction that led her to the Baxter’s barn.


Acknowledgments

To my husband and boys, I love you all so very much! You bring joy to me in so many ways, and I can’t imagine our life together any differently.

A huge thanks to my big sis, Veronica, who always stepped in to defend or support me.

My little brother, Lem, for your outrageous personality and sense of humor!

For my sister-in-law, Mya, for being my sister in all things redneck!

For Momma and Daddy: Where do I begin? You took a child filled with tenacity and spunk- that’s putting it nicely (smile)- and molded her into a lady. Thank you for being there to pick me up and set things right when I got off on the wrong path. You’ve inspired me to be the parent I am, always looking to serve my children’s interests and do the best I can by them.

To Madeleine and Hannah, my nieces and friends, you served as my sounding board on this series! Thank you for taking the time to listen.

About the Author

JENNY HAMMERLE is a sixth-generation Floridian and grew up on a working cattle ranch. She’s been bucked off more than a few times and lived to write about it. The Redneck Debutante® Series revolves around rural Florida and ranch life. “My favorite place to be is at the hunt camp, sitting around the camp fire and listening to, or in some cases telling funny stories! I also love to work cows in the cow pens- branding, tagging, marking, legging, and parting out calves to keep or sell!”
Jenny is the mother of two wonderful little boys and lives in Florida. On any given day, you can find her building fence on one of her family’s ranches or working on her latest novel at home. 
The Redneck Debutante® Series is a series about girls who are a mix of country and city, balancing two very different worlds. From cotillion to cowgirl, this is the story of one Redneck Debutante’s life! 

www.jennyhammerle.com
Twitter @jennyhammerle

The Redneck Debutante® Series:
Redneck Debutante, book 1
Cowgirl Down, book 2
Cowgirl Strong, book 3


