
Rejected By My Soulmate
By Justine Leung








Rejected By My Soulmate
Justine Leung

Published by Justine Leung at Smashwords
Copyright 2012, Justine Leung
 All rights reserved


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.






I’d like to dedicate this story to my two best friends Emily and Shirley. You guys have supported me all through this journey and I just love you guys.



Table Of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Epilogue









Chapter 1

“Just look at her, tangled brown hair, brown eyes, disgusting fashion sense; just think, who the hell would want her,” I heard from behind me.
I turned my head halfway back, shooting daggers at the school sluts who were chatting away about me. As if they were to talk; the clothes they're wearing-no, I can't even consider those as clothes. They seem to be just a few pieces of fabric covering parts of them up.
“Hey Bev! Over here!” one of my best friends, Lara chirped, waving from our regular lunch table.
I rolled my eyes at her idiocy, how could I not know where to go if we've been sitting at the exact same spot for the last four- "Ah!" I shrieked as I stumbled on my shoelaces.
Within the next second, an arm wrapped around my waist, steadying me, "Whoa there, careful," a familiar husky voice whispered.
"Thanks," I mumbled blushing as I looked up at Brian, who happens to be the one who saved me from my 'trip-fall-die' moment and from spilling my lunch on a bunch of stuck up bitches.
Brian's a friend who I used to date, but ended up with a mutual break-up which happened at a perfect time because soon after that he had found his mate. Who not to mention happens to be extremely sweet.
"No problem, klutz," he chuckled as he waved off the barbies who were currently glaring at me.
He was right, I'm a klutz; I always trip, slip and injure myself, but thank god I still somehow managed to have phenomenal (as people put it) skills at fighting. Which has settled me as the third-in-command/trainer of the pack, ever since I first shifted when I just turned sixteen.
"Shut up," I growled at him as I punched his arm with my hands which were now free, since he took my tray of food after he helped me.
He just chuckled again, shaking his head as he handed me my tray when we arrived at my lunch table.
"See yuh," he muttered not before nodding at my brother, Lara, Madi, Austin at their presence. Along with that, he kissed the top of my head before leaving to join his friends and mate for lunch.
I gently slid my tray beside Erik's and started butt-nudging him over to his seat, not knowing why he was in mine...again. He stuck his tongue out at me, before playfully shoving me and getting in his seat more comfortably. After dropping my bag on the seat, I sat down, finally looking up to find a sight I would question. There in front of me was Austin glaring at the direction Brian went, I believe if Brian was still standing nearby, there would've been a hole that was burnt through him. What's with him?
"Yo Austin, who you glaring at?" my best friend/Erik's mate/Austin's adopted sister asked.
Lara was adopted from the orphanage when she was three. The Lane's decided to take her in since Jennifer, Austin's mom, had always wanted a baby girl, but was unable to give birth to any more children after Austin. It just so happened they had picked a baby 'pup'.
“Nothing… I mean, no one,” Austin mumbled as he snapped out of his thoughts.
Shrugging and not giving a damn, I picked up my fork, ready to dig into my lunch. I was starving. Exactly a second before my fork stabbed the piece of meatball on the plate, Erik slapped it away. I glared at my brother, what’s with him? Slowly I moved my hand to pick up the fork again, as I held his gaze. Then as quick as I can, I stabbed the meatball. Smiling, I raised the piece of food to my mouth. Just as the it was about to make contact with my lips, Erik quickly slapped it away again .
"What the hell is wrong with you!" I growled, gritting my teeth.
"Gotta watch that temper of yours, sis!" he chuckled. "Or else no one would want you..." he trailed off, getting lost in thoughts.
Within the next millisecond I started pinching his cheeks. "What did you say?" I shouted. Lara, who was sitting on his lap, turned around to help me pinch his other cheek.
Madi, who also decided to join in, held Erik's hands behind his back, so he couldn't move since his legs were pretty much trapped under the lunch tables anyways. Erik who tried to speak, failed miserably-without realizing he couldn’t move his mouth much-settled with a lousy pout.
"D, cut him some embarrassment," another voice whispered from behind us, causing a slight shiver to travel down my spine.
I turned around to face Austin. When did he even get up and out of his seat? Also, he's lucky he only called me D and not Denise; ‘cause if he did, I would've given an attempt to murder him. Don't even bother questioning why I hate being called Denise.
"Don't tell me what to do!" I snapped, finally releasing my grip on my brother’s cheeks.
“I was just saving you from the unwanted attention." Austin replied pulling Madi away from Erik.
As soon as everyone released him, Erik scowled rubbing his red cheeks, while glaring at me.
I just shrugged and picked up my fork again, this time managing to stuff the spaghetti into my mouth.
"You're a terrible sister." Erik muttered, still rubbing his cheeks.
Okay, so maybe I forgot that I was a terribly strong person, but hey, he's a beta, shouldn't he be just a tad be stronger than me?
"Love you too." I muffled with my mouth full.
"Dude, that’s disgusting! Don’t talk with your mouth full!” my brother scolded, while running his hands up and down my best friend's arms.
Brrr. It’s those little lovey-dovey actions that make me want to gag.
"None of your beeswa-a-ack!" A piece of spaghetti got caught in my throat, causing me to choke.
Eyes filled with concern, Austin rushed towards me and started patting my back as Madi quickly unscrewed the cap off of a bottle of water for me to drink.
As I chugged down the water, I suddenly realized there was a tingling sensation, trickling down my spine again; causing me to shiver.
"Aw fuck." I heard Austin mutter under his breath.
My brother and my two friends raised an eyebrow at us.
"Bev, are you cold or is it that you sense your ma-"
"It's Au-"
"No, she hasn't found her mate yet." Austin answered for me, placing a hand over my mouth and cutting my brother off.
What? B-but he is my mate though. Being pissed off and doing what I have a habit of, when somebody was stupid enough to cover my mouth with their hands, I bit Austin's palm. Or should I say my mate's... how could I not have noticed before and why did he lie to my brother? Better ask him later.
"Shit! What the hell? Dammit Beverly, did you have to do that?" he screamed rubbing his palms-trying to get rid of the teeth marks-which just ended up making it more red.
I burst into fits of giggles. Sighing, Austin shook his head and took a seat. "You still haven't answered my question."
"What question?" I asked, covering my mouth with my hand, so I could swallow properly.
"The biting one," he replied, grabbing a bottle of orange juice and twisting the cap open.
Ew, orange juice.
"Aust, you should know me well enough to know that if someone puts their nasty hands over my mouth, I’ll bite," I stated while rolling my eyes.
He sat there emotionlessly, and then nodded after a minute. "Touché."
I grinned as I picked up my plate and washed down the rest of my lunch.
You see, I don't have the best of manners, nor am I a girly-girl when I’m in front of my friends. It must be Erik's fault. I've been hanging out with him too often and old habits die hard; especially if you love sports and watched games with your brother and his friends.
"Sometimes, I'm not sure if you're a girl," Erik blurted out, watching me with his face scrunched up.
"Well, the fact that I wasn't born with a dick, makes me sure I'm a girl."
"True, but you could be-"
"Quit it Erik, Beverly's a girl and you know it," Austin said, saving my brother from having me throw a tantrum at him.
"Fine, side with her!" he shouted angrily, turning his head away from the two of us and munched on his food.
After Erik's words, all five of us just sat and ate in silence.

---

Finally after god knows how long it has been, the bell rang, signalling us lunch has ended and we should get to class. Getting up to chuck my tray to the side, I felt a body approach me. I turned around to find Austin looking at me, unsure.
"Bev, can I have a word with you?" I nodded and followed him to the side. Standing in an uncomfortable position, Austin stood there watching me.
"You wanted to say..."
"I'm sorry I accidentally shocked you before," he apologized.
Wait what?
‘Accident? It was on purpose! To show our bond!' my wolf wanted to scream out.
A shot of pain hit my chest as I stared at him.
"But you're my mat-"
"Mate? Oh god! You, my mate? Hell no!" He laughed, tears soon to spill from his eyes.
Was I too ugly to be his mate? Did he not want me?
"Austin I was serious..." My voice was starting to crack.
"Liar. Are you really that desperate?" he asked as he turned around, walked away, laughing.
I stood there by myself, humiliated. People were shaking their heads at me as I dropped down to the ground, crying. The truth was hard. To know that the one who you’ve waited and wanted your entire life, doesn’t want you...hurts. But I guess what everybody says is true-. Suddenly I stopped crying. You know what? Screw him, he’s just a heartless bastard.
Austin Lane, you're gonna regret rejecting me… maybe even a tad bit of changes to myself would help?



Chapter 2
 
Remember how I mentioned that I was going to make some changes to myself? Yeah, well I’m not going to make a big handful of changes. I mean why give him the satisfaction of knowing I felt wounded? I mean, yes, there may still be the pained feeling in my chest, but there's no way in hell I’m going to change myself into one of those emo chicks-not that I’m against them- or the slutty barbies. Really, I need someone who loves me for who I am, not for my looks. Well technically, I think I already have the looks. Not to brag, I mean if my brother is so called god-like, then I think I should at least have half of that. Like c’mon, we’re related! It's the fact I choose to hang out with the 'not so cool' crowd that makes me unpopular; but of course I'm still technically popular because of Erik and his 'oh so hot' best friend; that I totally hate.
No you don't, and you never will. My wolf growled at me.
Oh really, want to bet?
You can't hate him. This is the strongest bond a couple could ever have, between him and us. Especially since he’s an alpha.
I refuse. He doesn’t deserve my love.
If he doesn't deserve our love, then to be honest, why did you give yourself a change? Was it not to make him lust after us? Was it not to make him fall for us?
Psh. Fall for us? As if, in a million years he will.
Sweetie, he'll love us sooner than you think. Or *coughs* now *coughs*.
You keep thinking that, bud. I'm set on not hearing from him, but I'm sure you'll kill me inside later when we see him, if I just avoid him.
You bet'cha I would.
Well we'll see who's wins then.
Don't fight against the bond Denise. Us and Austin belong together. We are mates! Should I spell it out for you? M-A-T-E-S. Mates. It stands for soulmates, making us meant for each other since birth.
I don't give.
Yes you d-
Groaning in frustration, I shut my wolf off. I don't understand how people could stand their wolves inside them. Clearly, I can't stand mine. I mean we are total opposites, never making the same decisions. Sometimes I just want to strangle her, but the problem would be in order to strangle her, I’d have to strangle myself, which would be quite stupid. Anyways, we are practically against each other. Or well, now we are… just because she wants to stick to Austin's wolf doesn't mean I want to, I mean, yoohoo! Whose body are we using here? Mine. Who's brain is technically controlling our movements? Mine.
 
---
 
I run my fingers through my freshly dyed auburn coloured hair. Right now I was heading towards the tattoo shop, ready to get one on my wrist. Not many changes have been intended to be. It was just hair dying and a tattoo. A tattoo that projected my thoughts about love, a Never above a heart. Nervously taking in a deep breath, I pushed the doors of the shop open.



 
"Erik! Beverly! You two, we're home!" I heard a voice yell out from behind the door.
"Hey mama, hey dad." Erik said just as I opened the door of my room, rubbing my eyes.
They’re back already? I thought they were supposed to be gone for another week. My parents tend to travel a lot; after dad left the beta position for Erik, he was technically free to enjoy life with my mom. Well, at least they got their fairytale ending, unlike me, who is highly unlikely to ever be mated and have kids with my own mate… not that I want to.
"Erik!" my mom chirped, rushing to hug my brother. I stood there waiting for her to notice me. I mean, doesn't she miss her daughter after not seeing her for a month? Or does she not even remember that she has a daughter, but I highly doubt that.
My dad walked up to us, carrying their luggage, then setting them down on the porcelain floor.
"Beverly baby, you changed your looks! Did you not like the way you were born?" My dad asked pulling me into a warm hug, that only daddy’s were able to give their little baby girls. Yes, I know, I’m a daddy’s girl. But hey, that’s a good thing.
"No daddy." I said pulling away from my dad, and headed over to my mother who now held her arms wide open after releasing Erik. I walked over to her and embraced her too.
"My baby girl, your hazel brown hair...gone. Why?" she asked, using a hand to lift my chin up so I was looking directly into her eyes.
"Just wanted a small change after 17 years." I replied smoothing my now auburn coloured hair out.
*Ding-Dong*
"I'll get it," I said leaving them to start talking.
I raised my hand to unlock that stubborn lock on the door, and yanked the door open. I quickly put on a smile ready to greet our late visitor. To my surprise, I came face-to-face to my shocked mate. Just like that, the smile vanished immediately from my face. We stood there until a voice cut the tension between us.
"Bev, who is it?" Erik asked from the living room.
I opened my mouth to answer, but I realized the name of my mate’s did not want to leave my mouth no more.
"Just Austin." I finally managed to squeak out.
"Denise Beverly Thomas, what happened to your manners?!" my mother asked in a scolding voice, walking over to us. "Invite him in!" She said pushing me aside.
"He’s not welcome here." I muttered under my breath stepping aside.
Ignoring my words, she turned away to head back to the living room after pulling Austin into the house. We were alone again.
"Bev, your hair." he whispered, raising a hand to tuck a strand of hair that had fallen over my face, to push it aside.
"Keep those dirty hands off me. And it's Denise or Beverly to you." I said slapping his hand away, ignoring the sparks.
Normally, I get people to call me Denise if I hate them, so mainly that’s why I usually get people to not call me that cause why mix them all in? Well technically… I hate Austin right now…
"Okay then, Denise I'm here to say sorr-" Suddenly, before he could finish his second apology of the day, he snatched my wrist and stared at the small tattoo under it. "What the hell is this?!" He screamed out at me, demanding for answers.
"What the hell does it look like?"
"A Never above a heart." he whispered tracing the tattoo, leaving tingles where he touched.
Stay strong Bev. Ignore this. You’ll be fine without him. There’s no such thing as-
Love Exists! My wolf growled.
Shut it, I growled back.
“It’s so…” I heard Austin say.
"What about it?" I asked, ripping my wrists away from his touch.
His face scrunched up when he was left grasping the air. "When'd you get it?"
"After school.” I replied bluntly.
"Why?" he questioned.
"Guess. What does it look like?" I asked, brushing over the Never part of the tattoo just like the way he did.
"I'm guessing, you think love doesn't exist or something along those lines." he said tilting his head to a side.
"Ding-Ding-Ding! Winner! Winner! A hundred dollars to you, Mr. Lane. You guessed the answer right! Now tell me, why'd you come here?" I asked, all curious. Then I tapped my chin with a finger. "Wait, no, I don't give a crap." I said turning around, starting to walk towards the staircase.
"Be-Denise, I just wanted to say sorry," he mumbled looking at the floor in guilt.
"Sorry for what? Humiliating me? Yeah right. You’re just saying sorry to save yourself from the guilt, I get it. Apology accepted.” I chirped, as I crossed my fingers behind my back. “Just go away." I said climbing up the stairs.
"No, B-Denise, you don't get it. I really didn’t mean to make you to feel humiliated! It was literally just a wave of shock!”
"Oh, so you actually care," I said sarcastically, walking right into my room and slamming the door, to point out-end of discussion.
I took out my phone, and started to text Madi. A few seconds later, there was a knock on the door.
"Who is it?" I yelled out not looking away from my phone.
"Austin."
I groaned. "You don't take hints do you?"
"Denise, Can we at least be friends…again?" he asked, not before kicking my door open.
"We had to be friends in the beginning to be friends again, retard." I said not even looking up at him.
"Then what wer-.”
"Just acquaintances who knew each other for their entire life.” Screw not being allowed to order your alpha around. He’ll live. “Now out!" I ordered, finally getting up and tried to push him away. He didn’t budge an inch.
For a second he looked like he was about to comment about me ordering him around, so I tried not to cringe.
"For the fact you've known me soooo long, and trained with both me and Erik, you should know that I am stronger than you and if I don’t want to move, I will not shift an inch." He stated, a smug smile creeping to his face.
"Oh, of course, unless I do this," I said smirking and aiming my knee straight at where the sun doesn’t shine on. I don't think he's going to be able to do anything with that ding-a-ling for a while.
With that, I quickly gave him one last shove and he was out of my room. Slamming the door in his face, I immediately locked it. Then as I slid down my room’s door, laughing my ass off, I heard him cry in pain. Trust me, I don't even know if I'm really his mate now. I mean, I don’t feel a single hint of guilt yet from what I just did. Yet, I know I can't deny those feelings I get when I'm around him.
"Holy shit, what the fuck is wrong with you!?" He screamed out, probably holding his crotch right now.
"Do I have to remind you? Of course, everything! Now stay away from me or there may be more than just what I did to you." I threatened.
"No!” he groaned.“Denise I’m being a hundred percent honest. I'm sorry. I can't deny that I actually, really like you."
I felt my heart flutter as those words entered my brain.
"Like me, my ass." I said plugging my iPhone into the docking system, then turning the music up high.
He started talking again, but I didn't hear anything clear enough to make out what he said. The music was way too loud, and hey, who the heck cares? You only live once. Anyways, I doubt anything he says would change my mind. I'm going to show him, what happens when you reject me. And boy, he's going to have to go through hell to change my mind.





Chapter 3
 
For the past week, I’ve probably bumped into Austin more than thousands and thousands of times throughout the days. For the first half of the week, he mainly worked on trying to get me to listen to his apology and his explanation, but then every time he even got within a meter from me, I speed-walked away. Then, for the last half of the week, all I saw were his pained looks. They’re slowly killing me… No Bev. Stay strong, he'll get over it. Just ignore him.
Wake up to your senses, would you? You’re hurting him! Our mate! My wolf screamed at me, as I walked right past Austin for the gazillionth time today.
He's the one who decided to reject us, or pretend we weren't his mates, when we clearly were! I protested.
Don't you see his guilty looks? How the guilt is slowly eating him up inside and how he seems to want to break down whenever he sees you? It’s like he wants to kill himself! She said, trying to reason with me.
Well sista, be prepared to see a lot more of those faces in the next decades of our lives.
Pain rose to my chest as those words went through my brain, along with the picture of his face. That face. Ugh. How do you resist such a face…Guilt is going to get me one day. He does look quite torn, and well, Erik is starting to get suspicious that there’s something wrong between us. Especially since Austin and I haven’t spoken a word to each other since last week. Usually, there would be at least some arguments or fights (physically), but now, it’s all gone. When we did try to beat each other up, that was still quite a while ago. Just before he turned 16, it was all just a few nice conversations. To think we held off not knowing for two years… or did he know before?
"Beverly! What the heck did you do to Austin? He came home holding his crotch one week ago with a guilty face on, and to add on to that the face is still there! Most of all, why is it whenever he passes you he seems to want to explode in tears?!" Lara spat as she ran to me, bringing all the attention of students around, to us.
People started muttering, curious about what I could've done to make Austin all funny. Of course, being the hot jock he is, he can be part of the whole school’s gossip like that. I stood there in pure silence, frozen. "Lara, I..." I what? I don't know? I clearly do know. It was my fault. Or technically, it was his fault. I don't know. My brain hurts!
"You...?" She said, urging for me to carry on.
"I..." I honestly don't know. I can't say it's my fault. She'll use those long sharp nails of hers and kill me, best friend or not. There’s a closer relationship between siblings than best friends. Apparently.
"You..?" She said, starting to get impatient.
I looked up, meeting her glare. Taking a deep breath, "It was me who did it." I confessed quickly covering my face, in case she comes and attacks me.
Shhh. I know. I'm scared. But hey, she's strong. We may've grown up together and trained together, but she was just born strong, alright? She looked around looking lost for a second, as I continued to cover my face. I guess she’s still processing it through her brain. "Wait, did you just say, you did it?" She questioned, checking.
I nodded, peeking through my fingers. Rage started building up, but she kept taking deep breaths trying to calm herself down.
"Why the heck would you do that to my brother?" She asked in a deep tone.
’Cause she's an idiot, my wolf said, making my heart clench.
"Umm, ‘cause you’re disgusting-looking ass of a brother humiliated me in front of almost half of the graduating class." I stated.
Okay, maybe the ugly part was a lie. I mean he is ho-. No, I can’t think of him like that.
We're his mate. We are made to think like that.
Uh no. Just no.
Yes.
No.
Yes.
Don't argue with me, you bitch! I'm not in the mood! After I sent that to my wolf, I giggled to myself. My words were so literal, I mean technically a wolf is a dog, and my wolf is a female, so female dog… bitch… it works!
"...you?" Lara asked, trailing off. Wait, what did she say?
I looked at her lost.
"You weren't listening to me, were you?" She said not impressed, hands on her hips.
"Uh...guilty." I said smiling, flashing my teeth. A guilty smile.
"So what happened with you and my brother?"
"Remember how when he was supposed to turn this specific age, and he’s supposed to find the love of his life? Yeah...turns out he found her but..."
"Holy shit. Oh. My. God. Bev, is Austin your mate? Oh my god. We're going to be sisters! Or well, after Erik... if it ever happens we would've been sisters already technically, but whoa! I can't believe this!" She blabbed, pulling me into a gripping hug.
I stood there frozen waiting for her to realize what she just said, and what I said before. After around a minute, realization finally hit her, when she noticed my blue eyes shining.
"Wait, this doesn't make sense. If you guys are mates, then why'd you sack his baby maker?" she asked. Oh my god. I guess she hasn't really got it yet, has she?
"Does it look like I wanted kids with a screwed up dad?" I asked, raising an eyebrow while crossing my arms.
"No... Holy shit. No! You rejected him!" She screamed out, getting everyone’s attentiononce again.
"Shut it! I didn't do such a thing!" I half whispered, half yelled at her.
"Then what the heck..."
"Oh my god. Why do I have to have such a stupid friend?" I shook her like crazy. "Okay my brother’s bitch, listen to me good alright..."
She nodded without protesting or arguing about what I just called her. "It wasn't me who rejected him. It was the other way around!"
Her eyes went huge.
"Best friend say what!?" She asked, pointing at me as if she had no idea what to say other than that.
"Do I really have to repeat that again, or should I just make your brother get his fatass over here just to prove what I said was true? Wait… no, you go ask him yourself! Now please just leave me alone! I don't feel like talking to any of you Lane's." I shouted.
She looked at me hurt, but a hint of guilt was expressed along with it. "Bev, I'm sorry, I didn't know and well he's my brother and I just didn't think he would-"
"So you thought I would do it then?" I shook my head, laughing to myself. This is unbelievable; I thought she would’ve trusted me. I just thought maybe since she was my best friend… "Give me some mercy, Lara. I thought I was your best friend. Shouldn’t you have trusted me, just like that?" I snapped my fingers in her face.
She looked at me shocked, jaws tempting to hit the ground, and didn't argue. She didn't know what to say.
"I don’t know what to say." she said, facing the truth.
"I don't know, Lars... I don't want to face the world. I know usually I'll need my best friend for this and it doesn't help that you’re the guy I hate’s sister...so can I just get some alone time for now? I want to stay out of all this drama that’s heading my way." I said clinging to myself.
She scrunched up her face, but nodded. "Bev, if you need anything, tell me."
I smiled at her and waved a bye.
“Wait, just before I leave, I have a question.”
I waved her to go on.
“Was all this because of him?” She asked pointing at my hair and hands.
I nodded.
“That fucking idiot,” she muttered quietly.
I smiled briefly. “Well I suppose, bye.”
She sighed, “Are you sure you don’t want to talk to me about anything?”
I shook my head.
“Okay then, well bye.” she choked out.
Turning around, she was about to leave but quickly hugged me. “Know that I’ll be here for you if you want to talk about anything. Anything at all. That’s what best friends are for.”
I nodded in appreciation and waved bye to her.
Idiot.
Shut up.
Sometimes I just wish I was smarter. I mean I’ve had other crushes and boyfriends before, but the break-ups never affected me, yet now...nevermind, just why me? Why does it have to be me who’s mates with an alpha who’s a fucking jerk, who I’m pretty sure can’t even keep his ‘mini me’ in his pants for longer than a day.
Maybe because this time he’s our mate.
Dammit, shut up!
I sighed and looked around the school. I give up. I want a break from even seeing his face. Thank god I’ve done some research and have made preparations ahead of time. It’s time to leave.


Chapter 4
 
“Hey B.”
I turned around smiling, “Hey B.”
It was an inside thing for me and Brian to call each other B when we wanted to.
“What have you been up to these days?” He asked grinning.
“Nothing much. Anyways if there was anything, I probably would’ve told you already, noob.” I replied sticking out my tongue.
He gasped, hiding a smirk. “Did you just call me a noob?”
I nodded while holding myself from bursting into fits of laughter.
“Oh, you’re getting it!” He joked as he started tickling me. Trust me when I say I am terribly ticklish for some reason, but my brother was worse.
“Stop-stop!” I squealed, squirming.
“Your fau-“
 "Denise Beverly Thomas, what the heck is with you these days?" a manly voice came screaming at me down the hall, interrupting Brian.
I turned around giving my brother a skeptical look. Here goes nothing…
"What do you want?" I groaned.
Brian bit his lower lip, “Uhhh. I’ll leave you two to talk alone, I guess.”
With that he left me to face my ferocious looking brother, alone.
"B, what the hell have you done to my mate? For the past week she hasn’t been acting like her normal self!" he spat, furious. Of course he'd know. He's probably feeling the same thing as Lara since they mated already. Stupid brother wasted no time marking that girl.
"Me? Erik, have you considered asking your girlfriend before asking me? Really, Peter over there may even know me better than you do and you’re my brother!" I shouted pointing at this guy that was in my chemistry class from across the hall.
"Are you seriously going there Bev? I could go ahead and say the same for you if I have to.”
I chuckled, “Yeah, so it would totally be possible for me to get to know my brother more or even talk to him when he’s never home half the time. Sometimes I wish I could trade my life with Alisa over there,” I said nodding to my left side where my friend Alisa was standing, chatting away with her brother and his friends. “At least her brother is protective of her.”
“Overprotective.”
“Overprotective is better than nothing Erik. You have no idea what’s going on in my life right now.”
“Dammit,” he muttered under his breath. “Look, can we just look over that for now, just please tell me what's going on between you and my girlfriend, along with whatever is happening with Austin and you. You two don’t seem normal, especially since he’s been banging more chicks than Davidson lately, which says a lot," he pleaded grabbing my arm.
I flinched at the fact that he just revealed to me. No matter how much I say I hate Austin, just at the sound of knowing that he’s being with others hurt.
“Bro, as much as I love you and would like to tell you, I’d rather not. I don’t think I’m ready to discuss about it, but if you are desperate to learn more about this, just go ahead and ask your friend. Oh and while you’re at it, help me tell him that I won't be attending the next few pack meetings, possibly a lot... or maybe all." I said plucking his fingers off me one by one.
He sighed, "Bev, it’s not possible, you’re the third in command, without you in the meetings there's gonna be a problem."
"I’m not needed here, as long as the alpha and the beta is there everything will go nice and smooth."
"B, c'mon I'm sure whatever came between you and Austin, or you and Lara, it could work out. Just think about me, baby sis, how it would be without you here!"
I scoffed and shook my head. "I don't know. You know how I've always hated life and it just always seemed stressful right?"
He nodded.
"You know how my diploma is ready for me, and at any second I say out, I could, right?"
"What is this leading to...?" he asked, eyes twitching.
"Erik, what I’m trying to say is that I feel like I'm up for leaving now. I can’t stand all this drama anyways, so I might as well leave and take a break from this," I let out, smiling proud of my decision. It's a perfect excuse to leave. I mean what more but to make Austin think about his actions again?
"Look sis, I know you’re a smartass but do you know what the hell you’re saying right now?" he said.
I chuckled looking to my right, there he was. Austin’s not so miserable looking now; all I see is a cocky look plastered on his face… but of course he isn't miserable. I mean he has a girl shoving her tits right in front of his face right now, what kind of guy in the right mind wouldn’t love that? Well other than mated guys. I felt Erik's eyes follow to where I was staring at. His jaws dropped, he knew this face. Yeah this face I was making, the disgusted, half jealous look.
"That son of a-" I hushed him and gave him a disappointed look.
"He may seem like one, but you know Jennifer isn't a bitch, so you can't really use that saying."
"I know, but holy crap. What the hell, he’s your mate right?” he asked as if for confirmation.
I nodded stopping him from continuing.
“Does he know?”
I nodded, “Ever since 2 weeks ago.”
“And he rejected you?”
My lips trembled slightly, as I threw myself into my brother’s arms and nodded.
"He's gonna get a piece of me! I swear, how could he hurt my baby sister?" he screamed out. “I specifically mentioned to him back then that he was to never hurt a single piece of hair on you, and now this? This is way fucking worse!” Raising a fist, he was ready to peel me away from him and run to throw a nice punch to that face of Austin's.
I quickly wrapped my arm around his waist tightly, holding him back. Yes, I'm as strong as him. “Don't do anything you'll regret!" I yelled out putting a firm grip on him.
"I'll never regret killing him for doing this to my own sister!" he thrashed around trying to get loose. By the time he was 'killing', everyone’s attention was on us already.
Most of the people in our school were in our pack. They were all curious. Of course I mean it's not always when you find your beta ready to attack your alpha.
"What are you looking at? Shoo! Go back to whatever you were doing!" I commanded.
The ring of my voice echoed through the halls and I saw Austin shoot a look at me from the corner of my eyes. He gave me a blank stare and walked over to us.
"Austin..." I said in a warning tone. "If you get any closer, I don't think Erik will even hesitate."
"Why would he want to kill me?" he asked innocently, carefully pacing to us.
Erik stopped thrashing and gave Austin a venomous glare. "You dare to ask me why? Didn't I tell you to never hurt her?"
I grinded my teeth together and placed a hand on my brother’s arms.
"Erik, forget it. He’s not worth it. Pretend I didn't tell you anything."
You don't want that at all. My wolf said, pain filling my chest again.
Austin's expression changed as he looked back and forth between me and my brother. Deep in him, I could tell he was hurt by my words. My heart filled with guilt and happiness. Goal accomplished. Kind of.
“How could you still want to save him?!”
“It’s not that!” I shouted.
“Right. Still, Austin La-“
"Erik! Don't!" I heard my best friend yell out while interrupting my brother.
I felt him take a deep breath and calm down immediately.
"Lars, you don’t understand he-" Lara cut him off by kissing him whereas I quickly let go of him and backed off a several meters. I didn’t need to be a witness of their lovey dovey stuff, really.
They pulled back and a smile replaced my brother's frown. Lara always had that power over him.
"Mates." I scoffed rolling my eyes.
"Guys leave that for later." I heard Austin say, him starting to get uncomfortable.
They ignored him and stayed off in their own world. I walked up to them, ready to break apart the show in front of me but tingles sent through my body just as Austin pulled me away.
"Get those filthy hands off me!" I yelled at him shoving him away. The advantages of being strong.
He stumbled and glared at me while pushing himself off the ground.
"Do not treat your alpha like this!" he yelled out, jaws set.
"Kick me out then, I dare you!"
His body shook, seeming like his wolf wanted to break out and show me who’s boss here, but his brain thought differently. I knew that since he tried to only shake his head and chuckle. "You're not getting rid of me that easily girly.”
"Oh, did you not receive the latest news yet? I just decided a while ago, but I think I called quits and will be gone soon."
He looked stunned as my words hit him. "You can't just call quits like that!"
"Oh but I just did."
"You wouldn't..."
"Oh, but I would. Have fun finding another strong wolf to train the new wolves!"
His eyes widened, looking as if they were going to pop out any second, “Beverly, don’t do this!” he yelled after me as I walked down the hall.
I just smirked and continued walking.
No longer than a minute later, I heard giggles coming from behind me. There stood some slut against my locker, being face-sucked by Austin. That son of a… That did it. My heart bursted. Taking deep breathes, I tried to walk to the washroom as fast as I could while maintaining a casual look on my face so no one would notice my odd behaviour. I hate that son of a bitch. No offense intended to Jennifer. Since she’s far from a bitch.
 
---
 
"Mom… dad… I want to head off to college." I blurted out, fidgeting with my teddy bear that was in my hands.
Currently we were in my room, on my bed, me telling them my new decision.
"Sweetie why the sudden decision? I thought you were set on graduating high school like every other teenager around here." my mom stated, quoting my words from last year.
I know what you’re thinking, probably along the lines of ‘Last year? You would’ve been what, 15?’ Yeah, I know I'm such a nerd.
"I don't know, I just figured high school is getting frustrating and I might as well graduate early and get a job."
My dad nodded while thinking.
"Dad, do you think you could help me arrange this? As soon as possible?"
He gave me a daddy pout, and wrapped his arms around me. I rest my head in the crook of his neck and hugged him. “Bees, do you have to leave your poor papa?”
“Daddy, I’ll be back for holidays and I’ll probably be only gone for 2 years? 3 years tops.”
He pulled back and stared right into my puppy dog eyes I was giving him, then he finally sighed.
"I'll do whatever I can, baby." he said planting a kiss on the top of my head, then left to make calls.
They already knew which school I wanted to go to... or well had to go. I was told to apply a while ago. I was also accepted a while ago too.
I smiled, "Mom, do you think you could help me start packing?"
“Of course sweetie, just give me a few minutes to process this through my brain.” she said holding a finger up.
I got up slowly and dug out my suitcases as I waited for her to think it through.
"Okay, I’ll help now—“ She took one look of me, “Oh god. You’re growing up so quickly! It still feels like the day when my five year old angel was running around with seven year old Austin, and Erik screaming as they chased you around for tag." she said tears welling up.
"Aw mom, you know I would come back and visit you guys whenever I have the chance." I embraced her in a tight hug.
She sighed, "Beverly, does your brother know about your plans?" she asked as we started to grab some of my clothes.
"Yeah, he was there when I thought of it."
"Oh." She said surprised.
I looked around my room. Today will be the last night I'll be here. Tomorrow I'll head off for the University in the Greater Vancouver area in British Columbia. I slowly dragged my legs around as my mother worked quickly to get boxes and start packing my daily needs. Suddenly, my mom stopped midway of dropping my pair of black chuck taylors in the box.
"Sweetie, you know you’re going to have to drive there right?"
I nodded in response, then went back to slowly drag my legs towards my closet. Finally, when I got there, I realized I forgot what I was looking for… Oh well, might as well start with my blue duffle-bag.Now what to pack… what to pack... Let's see. I skipped over the piles of clothes on the floor and dug out my small stash of make-up. Trust me, no matter how much of a tom-boy or unladylike one person could be, there will always be at least some part of girly-ness in them, and for me, it’s make-up. Quickly, I dropped in the make-up I usually use; it’s not much though, just a few eyeliners, a chap-stick, lip gloss, mascara, and my 88 palette by Coastal Scents. I barely use it, but I guess it might come in handy sometime.
Walking over to the table outside of my bathroom, I took a few bottles of water and chucked it in my bag too. Those will come in need when driving, there’s no way I’m going to bother to stop at a gas station for just water. I looked at the bag again and sighed, where am I gonna get all the money I possibly need to spend. Running over to grab my comb, I almost smashed into my mom. Tears streamed down her face as she went through some old memories from photos. I put my bag down and sat beside her.
"My little Denise, I just can’t believe you’re going to leave home already." she said running her hand over the picture she was holding. "Look at this picture of you and Erik."
"I'll miss you." she sobbed, but then suddenly she burst into laughter. I looked at her shocked.
"Uh, mom?"
"Yeah?"
"Why are you laughing?"
"I can't believe I'm crying so much already. Will it be worse when Erik leaves too?"
"Mom, I promise you he won't even take a step out of this state for longer than a vacation period... I mean he's the beta of the pack. Anyways, he’s got all his friends here."
"But sweetheart, you have friends here too, don't you?"
"Yeah, but just not as many. You see mom, people here know me as that girl with the smoking hot brother." I said my face crumpling in disgust.
"Hot brother?" my mom asked laughing still.
"I don't even know what people see in him, good thing he's mated, or else I don't think he would've been able to fling off a thousand out of two-thousand girls off him." I said scrunching up my face.
“Out of two-thousand? Sweetie, what—“
"I mean him, hot? Ew. I mean mom! Think about it. I have to hear Lara talk about him every single day. Save me."
"Sweetie, I'm sure once you find your mate, you'll be just like Lara. Love-struck." she said, getting up to grab some tape to seal the box she was packing.
As if. If only she knows that I've already found him, and I'm really doing this to avoid him and let us have some space. 
 
---
 
"Here Bev, I'll give you a hand, go rest." Erik said, taking the box of belonging out of my hands. He shoved in it the trunk of my car.
"Is that everything?" he asked staring at the lonely two boxes and one suitcase.
"Yeah, why?" I asked. Did I not pack enough stuff? I mean in my point of view, I think I already packed too much. Or mom helped me pack too much.
"Nothing, just thought you would pack more. I mean it's a few years Bev. You won't be back much, and well you’re not going to be bringing much back and forth."
"Bro, I'm staying with Aunt Clarisse and Uncle Ashton. I've been there before, I already have stuff there... so what's the point of bringing a whole bunch of other stuff?"
"I just thought you would bring more memories with you." he said getting all teary.
“Awww, will big bad beta of a brother miss me?” I cooed.
He scowled at me, “No.” he lied.
"Well it’s okay, I'll still really miss you bro." I whispered in his ear, as I pulled him in for a hug.
"I'll miss you more baby sis." he whispered back.
"Not possible!"
"I'm sure Austin will though."
Great way to ruin the mood bro, I thought.
"Bev I'm a hundred percent serious."
"If he does he'll come say a bye tomorrow."
"He would."
I snorted. As if.
 
---
 
‘Ur what!? – Brian’
I looked at the text Brian just gave me. Just about a minute ago, I told Brian about how I was planning to leave tomorrow.
‘U know what I said. –Beverly’
‘I’ll b @ urs in 20 with Cheryl. – Brian’
‘Kk. – Beverly’
Sighing, I threw my phone on the bed, and headed downstairs. Might as well go for some ice-cream while waiting. Skipping down the stairs, I ran into the kitchen and started digging into the freezer for my chocolate cookie chip cookie dough ice cream.
I dug my hand all the way in, blindly searching. As the searching went-while I randomly felt the items in the packed freezer-my hand started feeling numb. Wriggling my arm out, I felt my elbow hit something. It then fell on my feet, causing me to jump up and bounce on one feet. Fudgeballs! It hurt.
Ding Dong
What the hell? I thought he said twenty minutes! That was totally not twenty minutes! Cursing as I headed for the door, I flung it open. “What.” I scowled.
“Nice to see you too, sweetheart.” Brian said just as Cheryl flung herself at me. “Bev! Don’t leave! Don’t leave me alone with all these monsters!” she cried dramatically.
“Cher, did you just call me a monster?” Brian questioned narrowing his eyes at her.
“Pssh, no.” Cheryl waved him away sarcastically.
Smirking evilly, Brian walked right up behind Cheryl and whispered stuff in her ears that I tried to block out. I’d rather not hear whatever stuff he would rather like to do to her. I mean, just mated couples are pretty uncontrollable at times.
I cleared my throat just in case so they wouldn’t start anything in front of me.
“Right, sorry. Anyways I’m dead serious about not leaving me. Bev you’re like a sister to me, you can’t just leave like that!”
I smiled briefly. “I’ll be back for the breaks and there’s also video-chatting.”
“Fine, but for tonight, let’s watch and movie and talk all night. No wait, no. Then you won’t get any sleep and wouldn’t be able to drive tomorrow. Screw…” she trailed off thinking of a solution.
“It’s fine, I mean it’s the last day right?”

 



Chapter 5
 
I took one last glance at the house. I wouldn't be seeing this for 2 months. Then I'll be back for a few days and off again. Sighing, I took the last few steps to my car. I was right. My thoughts were right. Austin wouldn't come, he never gave a crap about me. He was never sorry since the beginning.
Back at the front door of my home, Erik was standing right there smiling, with our parents behind him. I raised my hand to wave one last good-bye, mom just smiled but then lost it and started sobbing into my dad's chest.
B, just wait for one more minute, I'm sure Aust will come. Erik sent to me through the mind link we had.
I shook my head at him, Life goes on.
He sighed and nodded, deciding not to argue with me, Bye baby sis, take care.
You too. I sent back as I climbed into my car, shoved the keys into the ignition and waited for it to 'warm up'.
"Call us!" I heard my dad shout out as I started driving slowly out of our big driveway.
I smiled at him through the mirror, and kept driving up, going through a few turns. I stopped and looked from left to right. About to go straight front, following the directions of my GPS navigation, a silver volvo went to a halt right in front of me, blocking my route.
I struck the owner of the silver volvo a glare, but instead of finding some random guy, I found Austin smiling a stressed smile at me.
Mate. Go to mate. Do not leave.
Shut up. I sent to my wolf.
"Bev, you didn't think you could just leave without saying a bye, did you?" he asked, as he got out of his car. Then pulled me out of my car.
"I didn't want to see you." I said as he pulled me into a hug. I struggled in his arms trying to get out.
Liar.
"My little liar." he said cockily, then his face turned serious. “No, Bev I'm serious, did you really plan on leaving for possibly four years and not even get in contact with me?"
"That's the plan."
His eyes started to turn dark but he let go of me and blinked a few times. I saw his face crumple for a second, then immediately he turned away.
Both of us just stood there in pure silence, and made no move. I looked down at my wrist, times up. If I don't get driving, I'll never get there in time.
"I've-"
"You have to go, I get it. Please just call when you can."
"I don't know..."
"Just agree for my sake right now, please?"
Just before I turned around to my car, I nodded. As he turned back for his car, with my wolf hearing, I heard him mumble "I'll see you in a year."
A year? What's happening in a year?
 

-Austin's Pov-
 
I played with the boxed jewellery in one hand and controlled the car with the other. She'd think I didn't care for her. She'd think I didn't love her. Shit, if she only knew why I broke her heart. How she doesn't know how my own heart crushed when I saw her face when I laughed.
B wait one more minute, I'm sure Aust will come. I heard Erik send to Bev through the mind link we all had.
He was right, I'll get there in time. I have to.
Life goes on. She replied, giving up.
Bye baby sis, take care.
I froze.
Shit. Erik, stall her for just a sec longer! I sent to him. And only him.
You too. Bev said. I sensed that she was getting ready to leave, so I drove faster. So fast that without my werewolf senses, I would've probably crashed.
When I came up to her road, I stepped on the pedal, and halted right in front of her driveway, hoping I wasn’t too late. I was blocking her route.
She glared at me, burning a hole through my heart. I just briefly smiled at her.
Get mate. Do not let her leave.
I sure hope so.
"Bev, you didn't think you could just leave without saying a bye, did you?" I heard, then slammed my hand over my mouth, just realizing what I had said.
I held out a hand and pulled her out of her car.
"I didn't want to see you," she said, as I pulled her into a hug. She pushed my arms away from her, but I kept my grip.
"My little liar," I whispered in her ears, sensing that she was fighting against shivering. “No, Bev I'm serious did you really plan on leaving for possibly four years and not even get in contact with me?"
"That's the plan."
Ouch.
I felt my eyes turn dark and I quickly let go of her. I turned away and blinked a few times.
Both of us just stood there in pure silence, and made no move. She looked down at her pale wrist, and nodded.
"I've-"
"You have to go, I get it. Please just call when you can."
"I don't know..."
"Just agree for my sake right now, please?" I pretty much was pleading now.
Just before she turned around to her car she nodded.
“A year, sweetheart, a year.” I said to myself softly as I turned to get back into my car. I fidgeted with the boxed bracelet in my pockets. This will have to be saved for another time. Perhaps I’ll give it to her next year, when I see her. When I meet her in the Uni.
 
- - -
 
Too late now, Aust. You lost your chances with her. Erik thought, sending it to me through the mind link.
Austin sweetheart, why didn’t you come and visit before Beverly left? Terrina asked.
I did, also you guys don't understand, I did all this to protect her. I mean why would I try to hurt her? Haven't I told you before that I liked her, Erik? I sent back.
 Pain was filling my chest. I didn't want to her hurt her last week, but it was for her own good. People were after me. They were after my dad before, but now that I'm alpha… it's me they want, and they would try to harm the ones I love too. And Bev was one of them.
Protect her? You don't mean that bullshit other pack, do you? Cause really, I think Bev would've liked it more if you just told her about that instead of humiliating her. He stated.
Yeah, I kinda figured.




Chapter 6
 
5 months later
 
I can’t even believe it’s already been five months since I left home. I pretty much kept in touch with no one but my own brother and Brian.
“Who do you thin—“ a phrase of a one direction song began. It was coming from my phone.
Sighing, I fetched it out of my back pocket of my jeans, and clicked the accept call button without even bothering to check the caller ID. “Hello.” I chirped, as I got ready to leave the house.
"Beverly! Oh god. For once you decide to pick up your phone!" my mom yelled on the other end, clearly pissed off.
"Mom, chillax. You call during class half of the time, so there was no way I could've answered the phone." I replied as I heaved my bag over my back.
“Then what happened to the other half of the times?” she questioned.
Aw shoot. I can’t tell her it was just because I wanted to avoid most contact from home…
“Mom, don’t tell me you called to just lecture me about how I don’t pick up my phone.”
“No…”
"Anyways mom, any particular reason you out of nowhere called?" I asked pacing myself as I jogged to my car.
"Does a mother simply need a reason to talk to her child?!"
"Uhh... I suppose not?" I replied.
"Why do I hear a questioning tone in there?"
"Cause there was?"
I heard her huff over the phone, and gave in.
"Okay, fine. Anyways Beverly, guess what?!" she shrieked.
I opened my mouth to reply, "U-" coming out of my mouth before she interrupted.
"No, don't guess. I'll tell you! Your brother is getting married!" She screamed out giggling.
Married? And he didn't tell me? Some brother he is, and I thought he was catching me up when I called.
"To who?"
"His mate. Duh." she said in a tone that went "are you freaking serious?"
"Gee thanks for the tone, mom."
"Welcome."
I swear my mom talks like me sometimes. No wonder we can't deny that we are mother-daughter.
"Anyways mom, when'd he propose?" I asked, curious. "Wait no. I'll ask them for myself. Anyways I should go, it’s getting late and Clarisse and Ashton expects me back.”
"Okay, take care sweetie, bye"
"Bye mom."
I was about to click the end button, when my mom suddenly screamed out "Wait!"
I stared at the phone, damn this lady can yell.
"Yes mother?"
"I've already contacted Clarisse and Ashton and told them you would be driving back here tomorrow."
"What?! I'm not driving back home! Or well yet... wait why?" I asked not sure which answer I wanted first.
"Beverly." she said in a stern voice.
Yes mom, saying my name totally answers the question.
"Yes mommy?"
"You see, Erik really hoped you would be here for his graduation and his wedding, so I kind of just arranged it for you to come back home..."
“B-but I still got a week of school lef—“
“Yeah, but you finished all your exams already, so you’re coming home. Count it as like it’s an early summer for you,” she said, cutting me off.
I sighed in response. I'm not even going to argue with her.
"I'll be there by 7 tonight."
 “Okay then sweetie, bye!”
“Bye.” I mumbled.
I wasn’t planning on putting myself in the spot to see Austin’s face for a loooong time. Now with me having to go to their grad there’s no escape, especially if I have to face him at Erik’s wedding. Kill me now.
 
---
 
I pulled into the drive-thru line up of the Starbuck’s that was around an hour drive away from home. It’s currently around 5 in the evening, and even though I’ve only drove for an hour, I really need this coffee.
“Hello, may I take your order?” The employee asked.
I took a look at the signs again… hmm… should I go for a frap? Fresh brewed coffee? Screw it, I’ll just stick to my normal vanilla latte.
 
---
 
Sipping my almost done latte, I pulled into the street where my home was. The familiar scent of the woods nearby and wolves came rushing back to me. I missed this fresh, pine smell. Taking a deep breath, I ran my hands running over the leather part of the steering wheel. I kept driving, but then a bright glow of light suddenly hit me. I got in a car crash, writhed in pain and died. Kidding. No. That didn't happen. But a glow of light did hit me, but no crashing was involved. Just my own home came to my sight. Five cars were parked in our driveway. A few that I recognize and a few that I didn't. One including… Austin's. Great. He’s here too?
Blowing a gust of air to get my bangs out of my face, I took my sunglasses off and shoved it into the case as I pulled out. One, Two, Three, I counted to myself, before I swung my legs out of the car. The first new scent that hit me was food, daaamn. Then within the next second my stomach started growling at me. Oi, how I miss the food mom cooks.
Quickly, I made my way to the front door, eager to get inside and fill my stomach full with the grilled chicken I smell. Reaching in my bag for the house keys, something sharp dug into my skin. Oh. My. Fucking. God.As a habit, my automatic reflex was to fling my hand around while jumping up and down screaming 'ow’ numerous times.
"Denise Beverly Thomas, come give momma a hug!" my mother shouted out as she flung the house door open, running out to greet me.
"Uh, hey mom..." I breathed out as I wrapped one arm around her, while keeping my other hand away.
"Sweetie, I'm so glad your home! C'mon let's get inside, everyone misses you!"
"Mom, exactly who's everyone?" I asked nervous. I mean when she means everyone, it could be the whole entire town for all I know.
"Oh you know, the entire pack." she answered casually pulling me through the doors of the house, as others came out to greet me.
"The entire pack!? Do you have any idea how many of us are in the entire pack! Mom there’s a whole—“
“Bev!” I heard my brother’s mate scream. Before I could even take in what was happening next, I found myself choking in the embrace I was caught in. What the heck. Since when did she get so strong?
"Opps, sorry." Lara said, a faint blush creeping to her face.
Out of nowhere, arms crept around her waist and then Erik's face popped up right on her shoulder.
"Hey lil’ sis," he greeted, smirking.
"Good news, huh." I said, winking at him.
His eyes went wide, as he quickly let go of his fiancée, pulling me aside.
"How'd you know? Not even the pack knows? Only mo-" he snapped in fingers in realization, "that blabber mouth of mom's. Must love her," he muttered.
"I heard that!" Mom's voice shouted from behind the doors.
"Dammit."
I burst into laughter, and pat him on the back.
"Mothers, huh?" I said still laughing. "So when were you gonna tell me, you were engaged?" I shouted out, loud enough for everyone to hear.
His eyes popped out and he hissed at me. "You’re a dead woman." he mumbled as a few of our close friends rushed over.
"Dude, why'd you hide it from us!" one yelled out, slapping his back hard, making Erik choke on his own spit, while others just said things along those lines.
Suddenly someone chuckled, the sound like bells. Austin. His blonde hair in a mess, those blue eyes and those lips-
You...I growled at my wolf.
What? I missed him. You might’ve not, but I did! my wolf exclaimed shaking in excitement, almost dragging my body to him.
Austin caught my eyes looking at him, and he started smirking.
I groaned. How tempted I am, to just wipe that stupid smirk off his face. Ugh, how much I wish cockiness didn't run in this town. I mean I know how my palm fits perfectly on the side of his face…you know, giving him a nice red mark there.
"Miss me much?" he asked walking right up to me.
I rolled my eyes at him and quickly made a move to save my brother so he doesn't get killed before he even becomes a married man. Reaching my arm into the crowd of men, I grabbed my brother’s arm and pulled him right out. There’s a reason why I’m strong, okay.
“What the fuck was that!” Erik shrieked.
I made one look at him, snorted and started laughing all over again.
"Bro, not telling the others is fine," Austin said, receiving a few heys in the background, "but how could you keep the news of your engagement away from your own best friend!"
 I snickered, "You didn't tell him either?" I asked pointing at the guy beside me.
 I shook my head disapprovingly at my brother. "This is gonna be one of the longest day of your life bro."
 
---
So tired. Who expected a day could be this long. Announcements of engagement, tears, and lots of chit chatting which is pretty much how I landed into the spot of being extremely tired. Oh and not to mention, I was reminded of how a group of wolves could be compared to a batch of pigs. Just a few hours ago we were eating dinner and oh boy, before I could even reach out for food, more than half of the dishes were gone.

*Flashback*

 "Food's almost ready!" a girl called Leah, called out from the kitchen.
 At the mention of food, my stomach started growling again. I quickly pulled the people in reach of me, out of my way and rushed for the dining room. As soon as I stepped into the room, all the attention was on me.
 "Our disappearing third in command is back!" a guy yelled out.
 They actually noticed. I thought out.
 Of course they noticed. Austin sent back searching deep into my thoughts.
 Dammit should've blocked him out. He chuckled at my thought, and pulled out a chair for me to sit in. Such a gentlemen, note the sarcasm. A few seconds later, a few girls came out of the kitchen with plates of food; I moved to stand up, by Austin beside me pushed me back to sit down.
 "Your welcome back party, you don't get to move."
 I opened my mouth to protest, but not a word escaped.
 "Bev watch out, you know how bugs are attracted to you," Erik teased as he walked past us. He dropped down beside me and laughed at the memories that were playing through his head.
Bugs attracted to me. Pssh.
"Would you ever forget about what happened to that fly?!" I yelled at him whacking the back of his head.
"It was hilarious though! Austin don't you remember? She was screaming and—and this huge fly just flew into her mouth! Everyone thought it was just a saying, but oh god. That fly!" He started laughing so hard, his breathing went uneven.
I shuddered as the memories came back at me. Ugh. My poor tummy. I probably cried for a few days after I was informed a fly flew right into my mouth.
"Oh yeah, and then her face was all red, and those eyes all puffed up!" Austin added, starting to laugh along with my brother.
I raised an arm about to slap him too, but I remembered. Currently we weren't in the brightest terms, so I just glared at him. He immediately stopped and shrunk in his seat.
"Erik Thomas! Where are your table manners? Did I not teach you any?!" my mother screamed out at my brother, her face furious.
"Sorry mum," Erik grumbled out, nibbling his own lips trying not to laugh.
"Aww is big bad wolf Erik, a mommy's boy?" I cooed messing his hair up. He snarled at me and was ready to protest. "No Er don't even try protesting, we know you are."
He huffed and turned his attention back to Lara who happened to have placed herself right on his lap. Still the happy couple they are. Of course, what the hell am I thinking? If they weren’t happy why would they be engaged?
I picked up the fork in front of me and started playing with it, using the tip to draw hearts on the napkin that was once under it.
"You know we could be like them," a husky voice whispered in my ears, sending chills down my spine.
I scoffed. "When the world ends."
"One day, Bev, one day."
"N-"
“Okay dogs! Feast!"
I watched everyone get up on their feet as quickly as possible and grabbed as many food they can, I just sat back and waited. What's the point in fighting for food with them?
Their movements were all a blur in front of me, as I kept my back sticking to the chair. When the gang finally started sitting down, I raised my fork, but...holy crap. What the fuck? Where the heck did all the food go?! My eyes wide, I glanced at everyone's plates, each of them filled to the limits, food piled over food. My eyes meet moms and realization hit her.
 "Boys these days!" she spat out, because happens most of us girls, still had empty untouched plates. "What happened to all of your manners?!" she continued yelling, gesturing at our empty plates.
 They all grumbled at once and shoved their plates towards the closet girl near them. I looked down at Austin's plate, and then glanced at him, he was smirking. I scoffed and pushed it back to him. "I'm good."
 Everyone started to dig into their food, talking amongst themselves, and laughing; I just don't feel like I fit in this huge gang anymore.
 Beverly can I talk to you for a sec? my mom asked through the mind link.
 I gave her a nod, and she pointed towards the living room.
 "If you'll excuse us."
 Everyone looked up, halfway through eating their meals and nodded.
"Pigs," I muttered under my breath. I assume everyone heard, because as soon as the words escaped my lips, they are burst in laughter, almost choking on their food.
I shook my head, chuckling myself and walked over to the living room where mom was already at.
"Bev, what makes you feel like you’re not part of this family?" my mother questioned placing a hand on my shoulder and motioning me to sit beside her on the couch.
I plopped down, wiggling my butt trying to get comfortable. "I don't know it's just everything just seems so different, being the fact I have no idea what happened during the past 5 months. Me finding my mat-" I stopped, hands flying up to my mouth. I did not just about to let that slip.
"Mate? Sweetie, why didn’t you tell me?"
Stunned, I attempted to reply.
"No Denise, don't you dare try to lie. Austin already told us after you left, and well that poor boy sure let his guilt reach his heart."
I snorted. Him, guilty? Ahahaha.
"Anyways, I believe you'll forgive him when the time's right, but of course the fact that cockiness does run in this town, it just might take a longer period of time," she said.
I blushed and reached for a cushion to hide behind. Then as the awkward conversation was about to go on, on the cue, half of the pack came into the room. From childhood friends to new pack member wanting to meet their third in command.
Lara walked up to me, "No matter how long you go for, we still love you, got it?"
I nodded as tears started forming up in my eyes, I'm getting so emotional these days.
"Stop getting all teary!" Madi said. “You’ll get me going too.”
"I haven't been around so much friends and family for months! I deserve to be teary!" I joked clutching onto my mother.
"Whatever you say honeybee!" my second best’est friend in the world chirped, rolling her eyes.
"Now, anyone still hungry or can we move onto dessert, which was supposed to help us announce the big surprise, but somebody here..." Erik said glaring at me, "Announced it before I was ready to be attacked."
I blushed and reached for his head, wanting to slap him like I always do. Before I reached him, he slapped himself.
 I giggled, as he shook his head chuckling to himself, "Your actions are too predictable, sis."
 "Whatever," I muttered. "Now desserrrttt time!" I hollered, standing up and pushing everyone towards the dining hall again. After all I'm still pretty strong.
 I felt the hints of smiles from our parents, as we all split up and went back to our seats. Everyone started small talks, including me.
 "Okay pigs! Make way for this dessert of ours!" my mother yelled out nudging dad over a little with her butt.
Parents these days. Over the cake was "Happy Engagement" written in blue.
 "So by now all of you guys should know we're getting married," my brother and my best friend said in unison. I smiled at them, then released my head and rested it on Austin's shoulder, watching the happy couple speak away in front of everyone.
 "...I was hoping Beverly here could be my maid of honor." Lara said, catching my attention when I heard my name.
 "Honor" I said nodding my head.
 "As for Austin, he has already agreed ahead of time to being the best man…well around half an hour ago," Erik announced smirking. Oh boy. I feel like there's a plan hidden behind those smirks and smiles.
 "Anyways more details about the wedding after graduation...and well it would be nice if you guys learn how to dance possibly, but you could pick your own partners as of then; well everyone but Austin and Bev!" Lara shouted out, diving for the doors with my brother, knowing I would want to murder them.
 Getting up I tried to take off to sprint after them, but Austin’s arm wrapped around my waist.
 “Get them later, eat the cake first.”
 I grumbled at him, “I don’t want any.”
 “Bev, you didn’t even eat any food before, so you’ve gotta eat this, also you owe me for not calling when you were gone.”
 “I didn’t even officially promise you I would call!” I protested.
 “I don’t care. Now eat,” he ordered.
 Sticking my tongue out at him, I picked up a fork and stabbed it into the piece of cake in front of me. Those to midgets are dead when I find them.
 
*Flashback Ends*
 
Ends up I still haven’t got to them yet, but I did hear some funny noises from their room, so I really don’t think I want to get them right now, cause I’m guessing I would probably just get images scarred into my mind.



Chapter 7
 
"Dresses, dresses, dresses, dresses for graduation...dresses, dresses, dresses, dresses for graduation..." Lara sang out, going through every rack in the store and throwing them into a pile on my arms.
"Lara! Would you quit singing that! Do I have to stuff this dress is your mouth for you to stop?" I asked holding up one of the dresses she had selected, in a threatening gesture.
"You wouldn't," she scowled glaring at me.
 "Oh, but I would," I replied nodding.
 "Sometimes I don't understand why I'm even friends with you," she muttered under her breath as she started checking out dresses again.
 "Even if we weren't friends we'd end up being sisters anyways."
 "True...true. Anyways I'm so excited for graduation, then especially what's happening after that!" she squealed, clapping her hands together with dreamy eyes.
 I face-palmed myself, "God save me, tell me wedding dress shopping wouldn't be worse than this."
 "Hey! I heard that!” she chirped when she was at the far end of the store.
 Damned wolf hearing.
I heard that too! she thought to me, through the pack mind link we had.
 I give up!
 Good! Now help me decide which one's a better dress. She sent to me as she raised 2 dresses in her hands.
 I made sure to block her from hearing my thoughts and glanced at the two dresses.
 One was white, the layers of fabric flowing around, with a silver strap to wrap around her neck whereas the other one was white also, but the silver strap of fabric was wrapped right under the chest area; both of them would look stunning on her...but the fact I know Erik so well...I think he might like the second one more.
 "I’m just going to assume you're finding a pretty dress just for my brother to see, so you might want to go with that one," I said pointing to the dress she held in her left hand.
 Next she pulled out another white dress, but this time it was strapless and had a long black ribbon wrapping around under the chest area along with she held another white dress similar to the first 2 dresses that was showed, but this time the dress was long. I pointed at the shorter dress. Long dresses and high school graduation just doesn't seem to fit right for Lara’s personality. Lastly she showed me 2 cocktail dresses. One was dark blue with beads along the top and under the chest area. The other one was around same design but different colour. Half white, half black. I motioned to the blue one, for the fact all the other ones were white. She finally nodded and 'click clacked' over to the fitting rooms in her 3 inch heels. People these days, doesn't those heels hurt? They look painful. My tummy grumbled as I sat on a stool near a rack of long dresses. One dress in particular caught my attention. I stood up and ran my hands over the smooth texture. The dress was a short and pale pink with a flower on the left side. I unhooked the dress off the rack, and stood in front of the mirrors of the dressing room doors.
I admired myself in the mirror, zoning out, imagining how I would look in this beautiful simply designed dress.
 
---

“Akhem.” Someone coughed.
I snapped out of my daydreaming. There stood Lara in the dark blue dress, right in front of my eyes.
 "Does this look fat on me?" she asked, as she twirled around inspecting every bit of herself in the mirror.
 "Uh, should it?" I asked still feeling a little clueless after zoning out.
 She scoffed and stormed back into the dressing room.
 "I didn't even tell you if you looked fat in it!" I yelled out, as I hung the dress I was holding back on the rack.
 "You didn't have to," she yelled back throwing the dress over at me through the gap between the stall's door and ceiling.
 "Then why'd you ask?" I asked, smoothing out the creased lines in the dress.
"Cause that's what everyone asks when trying on a dress!"
 I rolled my eyes, "Uh, no they don't."
 “Well I do!"
 Next, she came out a few more times from the dressing room asking the same question. I ignored her half the time, so she turned to Madison. Funny thing was Madison did the same thing as me, so Lara started talking to herself, convincing herself about different things, at different times. It was hilarious to watch the expressions of the people in the store. They all had their faces scrunched up and their jaws tempting to hit the ground.
 
---
 
"Pretty, pretty purple dress, I look nice and fawt, pretty, pretty, purple dress, hope my loved one likes!" Lara sang to herself.
Me and Madi face palmed ourselves for the thousandth time, and yelled at Lara to shut up.
She just glared at us and kept singing.
 Erikkkkk! I sent through the mind link.
 WHAT. He replied back in a clearly annoyed tone.
 Get your quote wife to shut the hell up about that goddamn dress she just bought a while ago!
I could practically hear him laugh as he told me to just deal with it.
 Bro, you may be older than me, but I can still bitch-slap you and trust me, I will if you don’t come out right now.
 Touch me, you die. He thought back.
 Come at me bro. I thought back and cut the mind linking thing.
"Ugggh, what's taking you so long to just drive us home?" Lara whined, shifting in her seat.
 "Lars, shush," Madi hushed at her placing a finger to her own lips.
 Lara sighed really loudly and kept silent afterwards. A minute later she was mumbling to herself again.
 "Ohmygod. I give up!" I huffed turning the radio way up.
Lara started sniffing, "You guys hurt my feelings!" she wailed clutching her tummy.
Madi looked at me shocked and mouthed 'What the hell”.
I shrugged, something's going on with that pea-brain of Lara's and we don't know what.
I stared out the window as Lara kept sobbing to herself. Finally the sight of home came in front of us. I sighed in relief, as Lara stopped sobbing and looked up. This cheery face popped up and she ran out of the car in into my brother's arms.
Erik kissed her forehead and held her close, "Not gonna punch the shit out of me?" he asked, smirking.
"I would, but I need to know what the heck is wrong with her," I gestured to my friend, who was wrapped into his chest.
"There's nothing wrong with her," he muffled into her hair.
I looked at them unconvinced, "So her out of nowhere getting emotional, is normal?"
"Hey! Don't blame me! Blame the pregnancy hormo-....oh shit," she yelled out the beginning and mumbled when she came to the end.
Our eyes popped out and Madi screamed, "Holy crap."
"Erik! I'm so sorry!" Lars cried out, flinging herself closer to my brother.
"Preg-geg-na-nant?" I stuttered.
My brother nodded, "Holy crap. I'm being an aunt? Ahh, you two! I'm half happy for you and half pissed off at you two for not telling me, but whoa, whoa, wait a sec!”
Lara turned to me her eyes filled with horror.
"Stop looking at me like you’re scared of me, goddammit. All I wanted to say was does the parents know?"
"Nope, only you two and Austin know so far," Erik muttered gesturing at the Madi that was clinging onto Lara.
I started laughing uncontrollably.
"What are you laughing about?"
"It's either Clarence will beat the crap out of you for making her pregnant so young, or he will be oh so happy for getting a grandchild so early."
His eyes widened. "I’m fucked."
I walked over to them, grabbed Madi and then both of us skipped away, to leave the 'happy' couple to burst the news to the parents.



Chapter 8 

-Erik's Pov-

Austin was laughing his ass off from my explanation of my black eye.
"Okay bro, so you're saying,” he stopped so he could laugh, “that the first thing my dad did when you guys told the 'rents the news was to punch you?"
I nodded, then flinched at my reflection when I finally saw myself in the mirror for the first time today. Oh god, that's gonna leave a mark. My poor perfect face! "I suppose I would’ve done the same if I was Clarence...which reminds me, why aren't you beating the shit out of me for getting your baby sis pregnant?" I asked, backing away in case he chose to punch me right now.
He stopped laughing and shook his head at me, "I know how I should, but I won't. I mean I'm happy for you guys, man. You're creating a family with your mate, whereas it's something I won't ever be able to do."
I stood silent for a moment. I knew Austin really just had a 50/50 chance. My sister was one stubborn bitch. "I'm sure you'll get your chance to play prince charming and win back my sister one day." I assured him, not sure if I was actually lying.
"I don't think Bev will let me do that," he muttered, a pained look creeping to his face again.
I patted him on the back. "Why don't you just explain the whole story to her, I'm sure she'll forgive you then."
He squeezed his eyes shut, shaking his head, "If she forgives me, she'll just get closer to me, then the other 'shall not be mentioned' pack will know she's important to me. Then they will go after her too...which reminds me, you know putting me as best man and her as the maid of honor isn't that great of an idea right? My natural instincts would be to win her back, or well my wolf would decide it's the perfect time to try to win her back, but to protect her I'll just have to fling her away again.”
Ah dammit. He was right. Why didn't I think of that earlier! Great, now there’s a fucking big chance that my sister may be involved in this deep shit.
Idiot.
I glared at my best friend.
"Whatever," he mumbled. "Anyways I have a feeling they plan on attacking sometime soon."
"As in how soon? And how would you know?”
"I don't know, a week. A month? A few months? And I just know, alright.”
"Ah geez, that totally explains when they will attack!" I replied sarcastically.
He waved me off. "I’m going to call for a pack meeting and start getting our wolves to train."
"And how are you going to do that without having my sister assist in the training?"
To be honest the last few months when Bev wasn’t here, training was chaotic.
"Ummm, can't we just tell her our wolves need to be trained, without telling her the reason?" he asked seeing that his plan might not work out so well.
"If you haven't noticed, you can't just keep all these things away from her, especially since this whole situation might revolve around her too," I stated.
He shrugged. "If we don't tell her, she may be in trouble. If we do tell her, she may still be in trouble. So it’s pretty much a lose-lose situation," Austin said, debating with himself.
 "Okay then, fine. Don't tell her. She would probably just hate you more if you don't tell her," I waved off walking away. Better stop Lara from making huge wedding plans. That girl.
 "Pack meeting at 7!" Austin yelled out after me.
 Rolling my eyes, I made an okay sign with my fingers.
Smiling as I strolled to my room, I twisted the handle of the door, then as slowly as I possibly can, I pushed the door open, being careful in case my mate was just right on the other side. There was no way I would hurt her…or our baby. As soon as I turned around the door so I am actually in the room, I was attacked by my fiancée.
"Oh my god! Oh my god! Oh my god! Erik, look at this dress! Don't you think it's perfect!?! It is. I know right!" Lara squealed as she jumped up and down. I watched her belly area jiggle as I tumbled backwards, landing on the floor with a thump. Great, there's going to be a bruise on my ass, but that was the least of my worries. Right now she was acting as if she was not pregnant.
 I moved a little and flinched as I tried rubbing the pain away. “Baby, stop jumping up and down, you’re scaring me. And daaamn, my butt hurts now…”
 The evil monster of mine giggled, "Whoops."
 "No sorry?" I asked, wrapping my arms around her waist, as soon as I got up.
 "Nope." she replied, kissing my cheeks.
I’m not taking it. I pulled her head closer to mine, and brought her lips to mine. She smiled against my lips and pulled away. Awh, hell no. I growled and pulled her into a deeper kiss, this time not letting her go. After about nearly a minute, I pulled back. We may be able to hold back and not have to take a breath for a longer period time than regular humans, but I’m not like supernatural.
 "Why not?" I growled at her, making her giggle again.
 "Cause," she said breathless.
 “Babe, are you looking for some punishment here?”
 She shook her head, “Nah, not today…but I really want to show you this dress I got today.”
 “What is the dress for?” I asked as I pulled her near our bed. Standing up was not something that sticks to my rules of laziness.
 “Grad,” she answered proudly looking like a child. No. My angel.
 “Don’t you want to keep it a surprise? Like surprise me that day, or something like that?”
 She took a minute to think about it, “Yeah, you’re right. You’re just going to have to wait till that day to see…not that you won’t see it in my closet.”
 “All right then. Anyways, my little soon-to-be wife, have you gone overboard with the wedding plans yet?" I asked as I tickled her sides.
 She was extremely ticklish. I found that out when I was about to throw her into our pool last year.
 "Uhh...kinda?" She answered, with a flushed face as she giggled.
 "Thought I told you to try not to make this whole ceremony really extreme." I scolded at her playfully.
 She started stuttering, "U-uum...u-uh-uhh...y-you know, a girl would only have one marriage. Or so it is for our kind. So I just want it perfect…"
 "Just so you know, if you do decide to marry others, whichever men would be dead as soon as I find them."
 She shook her head laughing, "Well, I’ll just save you all that trouble.”
 Not soon after she said that, she closed the distance between us.



 
Chapter 9 

 Today was their graduation, and of course my mother being who she was, told me to dress nicely. I mean c'mon since when did I not choose my outfits carefully? Okay maybe when I'm being a lazyass, but you can't blame me for that!
 I was drawing on my eyeliner, when Lara suddenly screamed, making me draw a crooked line on my face. Dammit! It was perfect before! I sighed and quickly grabbed my make-up remover wipes and marched over to her/my brother’s room. Apparently since she was pregnant, she has to be under the supervision of Erik or as least someone he trusted, and right now, he should really reconsider about trusting me. Stalking into the room, there stood my best friend, standing in front of the mirror (that she forced Erik to buy her) staring at her reflection in horror.
 "What happened?!" I gasped in mock horror, as I raised my right hand that held the wipe, to rub off the mess that was around my eye.
 "My freaking baby bump is showing!" she shouted, pointing at her obvious bump.
 To tell you the truth, her belly was huge. Seriously how long were they planning on keeping the pregnancy away from the rest of us previously? I mean the baby bump is getting pretty big, and I’m pretty sure it hasn’t really been that long since she was pregnant. 2 months maybe?
 "No, really I look really fat in this!" she screamed out rubbing her belly.
 "It's not fat! It's a kid!"
 She scrunched up her face in response, "But now I look nasty in this dress!"
 "Yeah, but Erik will love you the same because you're carrying his child," I replied calmly.
 "But others will judge me! Like they'll think I'm a slut!"
 "No, they'll respect you, 'cause you’re the sister of their alpha, the mate of their beta and the best friend of their third in command, continuing with the fact most of this town is under our rules...also they may be wolves here our age that are mated too. They should understand how the mating process goes."
 "This still doesn't seem right. Being pregnant at 17-18. Especially since I’m going to be giving birth to two kids..."
 I stared at her; shocked. “I knew it! I knew it! I just knew it!”
She slammed her hand to her mouth. "We didn't tell you guys that part yet, did we?"
 I shook my head, "Sista, you gotta stop keeping secrets from me."
 At the moment, Erik suddenly walked into the room, tying a purple tie around his neck. Just to match Lara's dress. She didn't want to tell him, but I guess he might’ve actually looked through her closet. That idiot of a girl, I told her to just keep it in my room.
 I watched my brother, wrap an arm around her waist and kiss her cheek.
 "You'll look beautiful to me no matter what." he whispered to her, making her squirm in his arms. Mates. That's what they do.
 My best friend blushed and pushed him away, "Stop distracting me, and let me be pretty!"
 “You look beautiful already, so why try hard and make everyone else look like dog poo?” he chuckled, as he walked up to her. Okaaay. I really don't need to see them kiss, or whatever was coming up next. I dove out of room. Don't want my eyes scarred now, do I?
 "Scared they'd burn your eyes out?" the familiar husky voice said, making me shiver. I glared at Austin who was currently giving a terrible attempt at tying his red tie. (Ironically his tie colour matched my dress perfectly. I swear someone was behind that.) I hated the fact that just his presence could get my wolf stirring. I hated how shivers would be sent down my spine…no. I just hate him. I mean who knows what he could make me do...I mean if my wolf suddenly takes over, as his, then—no. I shook my head. Not happening.
"Fantasies, huh?"
Once again I glared at him. "In your dreams." I replied walking away back to my room.
“You are, all right,” he said as he followed me; inviting himself in. Then he plopped on my bed watching me apply my eyeliner.
"You know, you don't need make-up, you look just fine without it."
I raised an eyebrow at him, what happened to that cocky player, huh? Or was that just one of his lines?
He threw his arms up in defense as if he knew what I was thinking, "Hey. I can be nice at times too, you know."
I shook my head, "No. I don't know."
He was about to throw a retort, but my mom interrupted him.
"Okay guys and gals! Time to go!"
I grabbed my red Louis Vuitton wallet that matched my strapless dress, and headed out, dragging Austin with me. No way in hell would I leave him alone in my room.
I skimmed down the stairs, him almost tripping from the speed I was going at.
"Bev, slow down! We won't die for being a tad bit late, and how the hell do you run so fast with those pumps?!"
I ignored his last question. "Aren't you excited to get out of that hellhole?!" I squeaked out pulling him towards the car that my mother was running.
 "High school wasn't that bad..."
 "What you'll miss your crowd?"
 He scowled at me. Ha, I guessed right.
 "No, why would you think that?" he questioned, lying.
 "Whatever," I mumbled entering the car.
 Everyone was already in the car, waiting patiently for us. Whoops. They all grinned at us.
"You know Erik, if it wasn't for the fact mom or Lara will murder me for destroying your perfect face, I would smack that smirk off your face right now right?"
"Yeup, and that is the main reason why I dare to grin right now."
"Asshole," I muttered under my breath.
"Say something?"
I scowled at him and ignored Erik for the rest of the car ride.
---
 
During the entire car ride to school, both Austin and I were arguing, about different topics, but yet we still argued.
"Okay guys, what kind of car ride was that? We could barely hear ourselves talk, all we could hear was you two bicker at each other. Are you sure you guys are just mates who hate each other and not a married couple?" Clarence asked, rubbing his eyes from his short nap.
"That would be too over the top. Sorry but I doubt I’ll ever marry your son," I mumbled, glaring at Austin.
Neither me nor him blinked, we dare not, until, he suddenly turned away to get out of the car. I just trailed behind slowly, not even close to being right behind their feet. I was thirsty, from all the talking. I walked to the nearest vending machine, that I remembered of and punch A7 for a bottle of coke, inserting three dollars and fifty cents worth of coins.
Out of nowhere I felt the presence of my mate behind me.
“Wanted something?" I asked, taking a sip of my soda, not bothering to turn around.
Instead of replying he just grabbed for my bottle of coke and took a long drink.
"My poor coke," I choked out, as I stared at my now half empty bottle.
He dramatically wiped his spit off the top and handed the bottle back to me.
I shook my head and motioned him to keep it. I did not want to drink from the same bottle as him, it's technically like exchanging saliva. Almost like kissing, but indirectly.
"We are pleased to invite all our seniors to the back field," the principle spoke through the PA.
 Ah. I haven't heard a single word from those PAs since 5 months ago. Nope. I didn't miss it. Definitely prefer college. Students moved aside letting us make way to the back, but I just once again, slowly trailed behind. Also yes, our school is that cheap. Poor budget, not much fundraising equals no convention center for grad. There out in the back, the field was packed with seniors, those who I was friends with, and those who I barely knew.
"Beverly, you're back!" some senior called out.
Who the heck...
"You don't remember, do you?" she mumbled, disappointed.
 I shook my head lightly, smiling politely.
 "That burns," one of my previous TA's, Peter said.
 I rolled my eyes at him, as he opened up his arms asking for a hug.
 "Bro, you know it's only been 5 months," I choked out.
 "Yeah, but class was different without all your sarcastic remarks," he joked, chuckling.
 I pushed his head to a side, as someone walked up to us.
 "Keep your filthy hands off her," I heard my destined other half, say behind me.
 I turned my head flipping my hair over my shoulders, "What's your problem?" Peter released me, but stayed at my side. He had no idea Austin was my mate, so he actually didn't see the reason for his attitude. "And why should I?"
 He by now was shaking. "Cause I'm her-...oh shit." he muttered, realizing the lie he told the entire school months ago.
 "Uhh...what shit?" Pete asked, completely confused.
 "Nothing!" Austin yelled out, quickly scurrying away.
 I just started laughing and waved bye to Pete.
 Just as I turned around, I smashed right into someone else that smells awkwardly familiar. Looking up, I found myself facing another close friend. “Brian!” I chirped throwing my arms around him.
 “Hey B, nice to have you back.”
 I opened my mouth, wanting to start a conversation, well that was until this loud ear piercing sound came on and the principle started talking.
 “Well, I gotta go, but we’ll talk later, all right?” With that he left after pecking my cheeks.
 Sighing, I blew my bangs out of my face and started to head to the seats my parents and Austin’s parents were at. Sitting back I hugged onto my mother’s arms, "Someone get this graduation crap over with already!"
 "Denise, respect," my mother scolded at me, pushing me off her arm. "Now pay attention."
 I grumbled and tucked my chin in, let screw that, I’m going take a nap.
 
20 minutes later...
 
“Beverly, wake up! It’s almost Austin’s turn.” my mother said, shaking my shoulders.
 "Austin Lane." the principal said, as the crowd broke to applause. Pathetic. I just clapped for few seconds and waited for Lara's name to be called.
 As soon as her name was called, she waved to a few people, and almost tripped over her two left feet, on the way up those steps of the 'stage'; her actions almost gave Erik a heart attack, so he was now standing up when I turned to look at him, looks like my brother was going to run to her and save her.
 
Probably Half An Hour Later…
 
 "Erik Thomas."
 Parts of the crowd also cheered for him, clapping and screaming. Seriously people, what the heck do you see in those assholes!
I heard that!Both Austin and Erik both sent to me.
Was meant to! I sent back.
 With my wolf eyesight, I saw Erik huff and Austin chuckle. Once again I yawned and craved for more rest. I stretched my arms and then ran one hand through my hair.
"Sweetie it's almost over, we'll go out for lunch after and you guys will be free to go wherever you want later."
 I squeezed my eyes and nodded, okay almost done... Not really. I mean dang it we're still on the T's! Good thing I don't have to go through this myself.
I sighed deeply, and stared at the front, focusing on one spot, I zoned out...
 
---
 
 "I'm free!" Lara yelled out, arms open wide breathing in the fresh air.
 "No, you'd be staying home being extra careful for the next 6 months." Erik walked up to her and pulled her into a kiss.
 "Guys, honestly I would say get a room, cause it's disgusting to see your best friend and your brother smooch, but there doesn't seem to be a room nearby so please, keep your hands to yourself...or at least for now?" I pleaded feeling disgusted.
 "I would use your words against you if you returned the feelings Austin has back towards him," Lara muttered under her breath.
 "Him? Feelings for me? Other than hatred? Harharhar. You almost got me there!" I laughed humorlessly.
 "Bev, look at me. He doesn't hate you. He's doing all this for specific reasons. To protect you."
I shook my head, not letting her convince me.
 "No. No. Heck no! It's like impossible! If he wanted to protect me, there would’ve been another way. Embarrassing me in front of most of the school wouldn’t have been the solution. He just hates me!"
 "Bev...it's true. You’re just in denial. I know Austin. Anyways it's just you being blind from the feelings towards each other. He clearly lov-" my brother said, before getting cut off by Austin.
 "Erik, that's enough," he said, voice warning.
 "No it's not. She deserves to know. Do you know how retarded it is to watch you two act like you guys hate each other though it's the total opposi-" 
 This time instead of warning him, Austin swung a punch at my brother.
 Lara screamed and caressed Erik's jaw, and glared at her brother. I stalked up to him to punch him back, but he caught my wrist sending those sparks through me.
"Do. Not. Even. Try. To. Punch. Me. There will be consequences for you," he warned using that alpha tone I’ve never heard.
 "Go fucking screw yourself!” I shouted as I tried to rip my wrist away from his grip.
 He held on, probably going to leave a bruise on my wrist. He took a step closer to me, "Really think you could tell me what to do?" he asked brushing his lips over mine.
 I shivered, but quickly snapped out of it, this time punching him square on the jaw, catching him in surprise.
 "Learn to not threaten me. You fucktard.” I spat. With that I turned around and walked away, not knowing where to go. Anywhere but where he is. I mean just the brush of his lips got me to almost lose my mind. So think about if he actually really kissed me. What would happen…? No. I hate him. Those thoughts cannot come to my mind...fuck…Erik was right. Everyone else was right. So maybe I might be in denial…so maybe I just might love him…even if he is a jerk.




 
Chapter 10
 
"Beverly, stop, please!” Austin shouted as he chased me up the stairs.
I ignored him and continued running. Right at this moment, we were at my house, and we’ve just came back from a party and dinner. The whole entire time, I was ignoring Austin and well he’d let it slide, but I guess he couldn’t take it anymore.
“Beverly, stop!”
Once again, I just kept walking, ignoring him.
“Ugh-Dammit. What Erik said wasn't true!" Austin yelled out, the sound of his footsteps stopping.
I turned my head mid-way around. "Yeah, I figured it out like right after he said it."
"Well—no, only half of it was a lie!"
This time I stopped and turned my body one-eighty degrees around. "So you're saying it's not fully a lie?"
He nodded to confirm my words.
"Okay then…which part was the truth and which was the lie?" I asked, resting both of my hands on my hips.
He thought for a sec, possibly debating his options in his mind. "Urrrm…never-mind, I change my mind, everything was a lie."
I click-clacked down a few steps. "Now you’re lying. Spill it, asshole, I’m tired of being completely clueless ." I spat pointing a finger to his chest.
Some sparks went through us, and I felt his wolf stir inside him as his eye colour seemed to change. I ignored it completely, continuing to stare into his eyes.
"I-I can't tell you. I just can't."
"And why the hell not?! I deserve to know! Well...as long as it involves me!" I shouted completely frustrated. As soon as those words left my mouth, I started shaking him, like crazy.
"It was to protect you!"
"I'm pretty much as strong as you! Why the heck would I need you to protect me!"
 "Because there's a fucking pack out there who's after us!" he roared. "Oh fuck," he mumbled lastly.
"A p-pack? Why would there be a pack after us? Austin, you’re being ridiculous!" I shouted taking another step closer to him, while pulling him right up to me.
"It's just this pack that’s after us has been after the past alpha's in our pack—including my dad; their alpha wants to take lead over this pack. And for the past years, through my family blood line, and our packs, never once were our pack strong enough to defeat them completely. Also since they’ve never officially succeeded at finding and killing our alphas, they mainly attempt to capture/kill the alphas loved ones! It’s just every time, each generation, we seem to get them before they get us, so all’s safe, but Beverly I know I’m not strong enough! I would hate it for them to know how important you are to me. I just can't risk losing you."
With that, I felt my face soften; my wolf crying in happiness for the fact that our mate never meant to hurt us at all, immediately forgiving him. I placed my right hand on his cheeks, caressing his face. I hate how I'm possibly the last one (out of the small group of us) to know about this, but at least all his doing was for me.
 "Aust, I honestly didn't know...I’m sorry for…everything."
"I wasn't going to tell you…at all, and I’m sorry too."
"Why not? I deserve to know why the only person I could possibly love in the world would’ve broken my heart. You and I both know that if you had told me ahead of time, I wouldn't have hated you! I wouldn’t have left either!" I thought for a second. "No second thought, I hated you all my life, but that kind of hatred was different." I whispered, getting closer and closer to his face by second.
 It was just so tempting to kiss him…
 "The reason I didn't tell you was because I wanted you to hate me! Hatred kept you away from me! Away from those fucked up wolves, so they wouldn’t kill you!" he half shouted, half whispered.
 "No Aust, the ending would've been the same. No mate. The only difference would've been, for one I would be alive and for the second one, I would be dead." I spoke, still whispering.
 "The thing is, I'd rather have you alive than dead!"
 Deciding to end the conversation completely, I leaned my head forward, tippy-toeing and kissed him. His eyes shot wide but smiled slightly and kissed back, increasing the intensity of the kiss. I threw my arms around his neck, and jumped up wrapping my legs around his waist, completing our moment as he held onto me. Sparks went through us. It was like heaven as lots has described after kissing their mate. My mate is one hell-of-a kisser…
"I heard you," he coughed out, chuckling as he pulled away. "I'm sorry about what I had put you through. I just wish I was strong enough to continue staying away."
 "Mhmm..."
"Yeah."
"Now what do we do?" I asked, confused by my thoughts. So does he want us to pretend to still hate each other or aren’t mates, so I’m not in danger? Or does he want us to tell the others to shove it, and be together?
"Well, I have pretty much just bursted out the entire truth to you, and I can't deny my love for you...so really it's your choice. We can get together, or stay as before and ignore each other." As soon as the last option left his mouth, he scrunched up his face as of how he hated the option.
I stared at him, emotionless. Being together...that thought. It just doesn't sound right, but yet at the same time, it does.
"I-," I stopped. I what? It’s like he’s asking whether I love him or not. I don’t have an actual answer. Austin looked at me nervously. He wasn't used to this. It was always, girls banging on him instead of him liking a girl, asking her out.
"You...?"
"I have to think about it," I muttered at last.
His face torn, "B-but why?" he asked, voice breaking just like his facial expression.
"Have you seen what you're best at doing?"
"W-wha-what do you mean?" he once again spoke, stuttering with his broken voice.
"How many girls have you gone through since the last 5 months?"
He put his forehead against mine, "Bev, it was the only way to forget all about what I did, and what your face was like when I-...I-...I laughed at you."
"Eyes only on me from now on, got it?"
He nodded, "So do you still need time to think?"
I shook my head, "Decided."
He raised his eyebrow. Deciding not to talk, I just placed my lips back on his. He took a guess at the answer and smiled against my lips.
I trailed one of my hands down his chest and hear him moan at the back of his throat.
“I love you,” he whispered as he pulled back and carried me down the stairs and onto the couch.
Sitting beside him, I rested my head on his lap, feeling a bump behind my head. Well someone’s awake. He stuck his tongue out at me, and I just rolled my eyes as I turned my body towards the tv, as he turned it on.
Just as he turned on the tv, out of nowhere a squeal came into the room, "Holy. Crap. Erik, you gotta see this!"
I automatically pushed myself up and off of Austin’s lap, but he just pulled me down and gave me a warm smile. Oh shit. I'll never get the end of this.
 
---

 
"So you're not gonna say I told you so?" I asked, tilting my head to one side.
The four of us has been sitting here for the last half an hour. Lara and Erik seemed to be having a private conversation through their minds, as I sat here feeling clueless. Austin was chuckling every few seconds beside me. I turned my body around to face him.
"Don't tell me I'm the only one who has no idea what's going on in their heads," I pouted, crossing my arms in front of my chest.
"Okay then, I’ll tell you. Bev you are the only-" I smacked a hand over his mouth as he muffled words into my palms.
 I glared at him, "What kind of boyf-"
 He picked my hand off his mouth and kissed it, "The perfect one for you," he whispered in my ear.
 I blushed, as my best friend blurted out "aww." Oh god. Wait. Did I just blush? Nooo...
 "And the miracle happened! I’ve made Denise Beverly Thomas blush!"
 "Kiss my ass," I muttered, pushing away from him.
"Nuh-uh-uh." he said, pulling me back for another kiss.
Lara suddenly laughed, turning loco. "Bev, remember how I said to you yesterday about returning your words...?" she asked, giving me a chance to think. Oh shoot she's not about to...
She coughed, "Quote, it's disgusting to see your best friend and your brother smooch."
I snuggled closer to Austin's warm chest, "Sometimes I hate you."
"Pssh whatever." she chirped waving her hand.
"Dammit!" my mother cursed, walking through the living room with Jennifer.
Jennifer suddenly started laughing while pointing at my mother, "Ha! Terrina, I told you so! I told you she'll forgive him after she learns the truth!"
My mother tried glaring at us, while failing, but shoved a twenty dollar bill at Jennifer.
"Mothers these days!" I yelled out, throwing up my hands in the air in disbelief and stalked away to my room.
I heard Austin snort and follow me. I kept walking up the stairs, and almost tripped on the last step. I flung my arms out for balance.
"Sucka."
I turned around to smack him, "It's the stairs fault, and I was not tripping, I was about to attack the floor!"
"Yeah, yeah, whatever floats your boat."
Jerk. I grinned evilly, internally. "You know what, I take back what I said before, let's pretend we still hate each other! Or no, take out the pretend part!" I shouted pushing him away.
Technically I was overreacting, in an acting way, but he doesn't need to know that. I kept a stern face on as I slammed my room door. I blocked my thoughts from being heard, and put my ear against the door.
"Oh, my dear stupid son! Apologize to that future daughter of mine, before I murder you and lose my twenty bucks!"
I almost burst to laughter but held it, must not be caught and must love Jennifer.
"Okay, okay! Fine!" he grumbled.
Oh shoot. Turning around I dived for my bed, and under the blankets. Unfortunately the blanket so happened to wrap around my neck, so I started choking. Aw shit, plan about to back-fire.
"Bev, I promise you, I won't be a jerk to you again. Just please-.” He stopped talking. Click. “Wait is this door unlocked?"
Oh shoot. I didn't lock it? Wait. Yeah, I did.
Click. Well now it isn’t.
Austin burst into the room, hair sticking up in every direction on his head.
I couldn't help but laugh, "What did you do to your hair?"
"Uhh, mom attack?"
I shook my head at him, "Did you mean what you said outside the door?"
He nodded, "Definitely."
I tapped my finger on my chin.
"C'mere." I said, shifting over to one side on my bed. He walked over smirking, and plopped on the bed.
"Forgiven?"
"Maybe...?" I said the corner of my mouth tempting to pop up and smile.
"You accept that apology, Beverly! I want grandbabies!" Jennifer’s voice echoed through the room.
"Mothers and eavesdropping these days! Also, don’t rush me!" I shouted out loud, probably enough for my own mother to hear from the kitchen.
"Hey! I bet you eavesdrop quite often too!"
"Do not!" I huffed sinking into my bed.
"Whoa there, wait eavesdropping? Did you eavesdrop on what my mother and I were saying outside your door?!" Austin accused me taking one glance at the door.
 "What? No! Never! I didn't even know you guys were outside talking about me!" I said waving my hand dismissively at him.
"Oh really?"
 I nodded, "Yeup."
 "So, how did you know we were talking about you and not my sister, huh?"
 Oh shoot. Busted. "Uh, wild guess?" I squeaked, ready to charge out of my room.
 As if he knew what I was thinking, he used his toned arms and held me down.
 "Sweetheart, you suck at lying." he whispered in my ears, causing me to shiver.
 "I do not suck at lying!" I protested, pouting.
 He bent down and pecked my lips, "So you admit you were lying?"
 "What?! No! Kinda..no...-ish...gah! Fine. You win!"
 He grinned and released my arms, "Next time, I just have to make you admit that you love me."
 "Pssh, good luck with that," I muttered, getting up.
 "Thanks,” he replied, winking.
 I crooked an eyebrow at him, "What makes you think you could get the words out of me?"
 "We'll see, Love, we’ll see."
 
---
 
"I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!" I ranted as I punched Austin repeatedly.
He picked this movie out on purpose. To creep me out! Gah!
"You hate me?" he squeaked out, face looking crumpled.
When did this guy get this emotional? Where's that cocky, jerk of a player I had to face for most of my life!
"No. I don't hate you, just why this movie! You know I hate horror films! Especially this one! God! I've been hiding behind this pillow the entire time!" I shouted, pointing at the bright yellow pillow that was on my lap.
“So you don't hate me?" he asked, eyes shining.
I groaned and nodded.
"So you don't hate me."
I crossed my arms over my chest, becoming impatient.
"Yes, I don't hate you. Your point?"
"So you don't hate me, and you love me instead. Or maybe you hate me…”
I looked at him as if he was crazy and blurted out that I didn’t hate him and indeed loved him.
"Aha! You love me!" he yelled out hugging me. "You admit it!"
"What?”
"First I got you to forgive me, second I got you to be my girlfriend, then third I got you to admit you love me! Ahh. If it wasn't a weird thing to do, I would say 'you did well, grasshopper' to myself." Austin shouted out showering kisses all over my face.
Oh shit. He was right. Oh god. I'm so stupid sometimes. Damn bond. I shoved him, as a blush started rising to my cheeks.
"I'm going to sleep, oh and yeah, it would be weird if you called yourself 'sensei'."
He stuck his tongue out at me. I waved a hand at him and walked right into the kitchen.
"Oh and I love you too!" he screamed out, from the sofa.
Love? I don’t know. Do I really love him yet? Have I loved him all along? Oh god. What have I gotten into, and how the hell am I going to survive the entire summer with him and then have college without him. One day. One day was all it took for him to make me fall putty in his hands.



Chapter 11

 
As to follow traditions, all of the bridesmaids and the maid of honor stays over at the bride’s home the night before the wedding. Being there in the morning to help out each other and to help plan extras if needed.
"Girls! Someone help me!" Jennifer's voice shouted, as we all stopped talking.
I got up and charged down the stairs, peeking my head over the railing, there stood Austin who looked like he was about to puke any second.
"Whoa there Mister, why are you here? Shouldn't you be with the rest of the guys?" I scolded at him, waving my finger around.
He made a grab for my finger, and hushed me.
Jennifer looked at the two of us in awe and told me to take care of him, while she goes to make food.
"And I wonder who's going to have a nice hangover tomorrow." I giggled.
He snickered, "Don't worry, I'll still look just as hands-" before he could finish his sentence, he dived for the washroom.
That idiot. I walked over to the washroom slowly watching him kneel over the toilet. Few seconds later in came Jennifer holding a cup of water for him.
"I hope my brother's in a better condition, ‘cause I can totally imagine your sister screaming her head off when she sees his nasty face."
Austin shook his head at me, "Not happening love, he's in a worse condition than me. We made sure he drank until he wouldn't even remember his own name."
"You guys shouldn't even be drinking at all," I muttered shaking my head, as I rubbed my hand down his back. This poor guy is puking his guts out.
"Hey. I'm fine. See?" he said, pointing at himself.
"Uh no you're not. Now off to bed mister." I ordered, pulling him up. One tug and he got up, but another tug and he’s off, on the ground again.
"Austin Lane! Get off that fatass of yours and get to bed!"
"Tone down a bit, would you! And don't tell me what to do! You're not my mother!"
Oh, going there now?
"Right, well I suppose I'm not that caring girlfriend either, so fine be it that way!" I yelled out stomping away back upstairs leaving him lying on the washroom floor.
He knows better than to mess with me. Or he should, ‘cause I do remember winning every argument and fight with him back then. Young or not. I was born a fighter.



--- Next Day ---

"Bev, would you please help me zip up?" Lara asked walking in the room holding her dress up.
I made way to her, carefully making sure I wasn’t stepping on anything, then helped her zip up.
"Is the make-up artist downstairs?" I asked, walking around on the search for my nude coloured pumps.
"Yeup," she chirped, skipping away twirling in her dress.
Okay. Not the prettiest sight when the one twirling is pregnant.
Hey! Lara pouted.
What? It’s true!
A second later, she was back in the room. She pointed at me. "No. Just no. I look beauty-ful."
I sighed and rolled my eyes at her.
DingDong-
"Dammit! You guys! The guys are here, and-and-and we're not ready yet! Shi-ooot!" Madi screamed out, running around panicking.
"Okay girls, I'll help Lara and you girls stall the boys as they get wrecked, got it?" Mrs. Lane asked smiling.
All of us who were now gathered together nodded, and headed down the stairs, holdings the railing for balance while putting our shoes on.
Madi and my few other friends hobbled down the stairs, getting ready to open the door.
DingDong-
Impatient much.
"Okay ready?" I asked the rest of the girls.
They all nodded smiling devilishly.
"Okay..." I chirped, trailing off as I opened the door. There stood all the groomsmen standing in front of my brother, but what else I noticed was Austin wasn't there. He was standing at the back, he looked like he hasn't gotten a minute of sleep last night at all.
"Well, let's get this started, boys you're going to have to..."
---

Watching our parents get all emotional this morning was something you don't see every day. Yet I wonder…will they be the same when I get shipped off to another family? Or more like I won't ever be off, not if my relationship with Austin doesn’t work out. I mean technically yesterday I was just overreacting, then add to it he was drunk. Currently, guests were entering the hotel, smiling for pictures with the bride and groom as I sat at the reception with Austin. We just greeted people, but when we were alone, all there was, was silence. I can't stand it.
"Bev, my attitude yesterday, I'm sorry. I was drunk...well I'm pretty sure I was and then I didn't think, please will you forgive me?" Austin asked out of the blue.
I gave him a cold stare, as he twisted around uncomfortably. I plan on giving him a hard time for a while and to test him to his limits...
"Uh...no."
"B-but," he stuttered frowning.
I was about to say something but I heard my uncle's voice soar through the air.
"Ladies and gentleman, on behalf of the bride and groom along with their family, I'd like to thank you all for attending this this special dinner. Today we celebrate the day that only would happen once in a lifetime to my nephew and his loved one. Anyways let's invite the newly weds in!"
Everyone applauded as my Uncle Dickson finished. I laid back into the chair, staring at the shining dim lights above me. There were about 20 of them across the top, each shining and creating a star when I spot them. I felt Austin's chair shift as he laid back just like me, to stare at the ceiling.
"...I'd like to also welcome my best friend and my brother in here, right now and thank them because well without them, this whole event would've been a mess...so Denise and Austin!" I heard Lara's voice chirp.
Everyone from the other room started applauding.
"Oh crap," I muttered. "Austin!" I spoke loudly, tapping him. Tingles shot through me but I ignored it. Not the right time.
"What?" he growled, still looking at the lights.
"Gah!" I pulled him up and pushed him right in front of everyone's view.
I quietly walked up behind him looking at everyone's bright smiles. I just smiled back as I saw Austin look at everyone like a young, lost boy. He's gotta stop daydreaming. I thwacked the back of his head, making him wake up. He quickly snapped out of his thoughts and glared at me, rubbing the back of his head, which in return got everyone to burst in laughter and finally turn back to their conversations. I was tempted to laugh but just shook my head and headed for one of the tables. Searching for the empty seat with my name on it, I finally found it through all the people. I sat down to hear my stomach growl, telling me that it's hungry and needs to be fed.
"Denise!" Jennifer's voice chirped, happily speed-walking towards me.
Today is probably the only day I'd let anyone call me Denise. Ugh.
"What's up?"
"Time to get started."
I groaned and threw my head back. Can't I just eat and have fun? Gah. Thank god I only have one sibling.


Chapter 12
A Few Months Later...

"Bev, get your butt over here!"
Oh. My. God. Why lord, why did you put me in hell, what have I done wrong?!
"Dude, what the hell do you want?! Give me a rest, would'ya. Tell Erik to help you!" I shouted flopping on the couch from exhaustion.
"No! He can't know about my weird food cravings!" she shouted.
"You just shouted it out you to the whole world, idiot."
She say anything back, all I heard was silence. She must've realized she was stupid.
I gathered myself and pulled myself up and jogged to her room.
"What do you want?" I asked in a robotic voice.
"Pickles dipped in nutella?" she requested, her eyes begging me.
"Ew," I said shuddering, as I headed downstairs. As I walked through the living room, there I found my brother watching hockey on tv.
Grinning, I walked right in front of the tv and blocked his view. He glared at me, while mumbling things under his breath that I didn't make out.
"Go make your annoying wife pickles dipped in nutella." As I spat out the words, I wanted to gag. Just by the sound of the combination, I literally wanted to puke.
"S-she wants pickles with nutella? She doesn't even eat pickles! Nor does she like those chocolate hazelnut paste!"
"Go ask your beloved wife then." I coughed out, crossing my arms.
"Tell her to get it herself! Now move it, I'm watching hockey..." he said, eyes going back to the tv as I moved to the side.
I shook my head at my brother. Thank god I was his sister and not his wife, next thing you know he'd probably be gone half of her pregnancy.
Okay maybe not, since there's really just 1 month till the baby comes...which reminds me...shouldn't they be looking for apartments and getting baby stuff, since they decided against a baby shower?
"Go...go...go....awh dammit ! Ovechkin! You could've totally got that puck past that fucker!" he shouted at the tv, throwing his hands up in the air.
Which team could we possibly be against? I rolled my eyes as I looked at the tv screen. Just on the top bar was "Van and Wsh . Vancouver? As in the Canucks? I took one look at my brother and smirked. "Go Canucks, Knock’em dead!"
Eriks attention immediately shot to me. "Did you just say go Canucks?" he hissed, through his teeth.
"Maybe, but I know you just did."
He crocked an eyebrow. "Shouldn't you be cheering for the Caps? I mean gurl, they’re home team."
"Home team? Nawh. I’m cheering for the 'nucks. I mean technically I live in Vancouver, and the Canucks are their local team...so..."
I watched my brother stand up and his jaws hit the ground. "Be it that way, then."
"Will do!"
 
-5 minutes Later...-
 
"Go Luongo go! C'mon...awh yeah, block Knuble!" I screamed out grabbing a can of coke to quench my thirst.
"Dammit Backstrom just get it in! You know the 'nucks suck! Now shoot would'ya?" Erik spat at the tv...again.
"Yo, my man, what'chu ranting about!" Austin yelled, as he entered the house. I shook the coke that was in my hands, went back to the fridge to get another one and walked back to the couch.
There, Austin already took my seat.
"Shove your fat ass over," I ordered, nudging him with my butt.
"No can do," he said, not removing his eyes from the game.
"Okay...fine then. Coke?" I offered.
"No, you probably shook it like a thousand times, in the kitchen before you got here."
Dammit. Why does everyone know me so well!
"Because you're like an open book...oh shit. Vokoun block that! Fuck you number 22 of the other team, wait who’s 22?" Erik asked looking at me as if he expected me to know who the hockey player was.
I sighed, "Daniel Sedin. Originally from Sweden."
"Okay...but why is there another player with 'Sedin' on his back?" he asked, jacking a coke from my hands. I think he just took the one that I shook...
"You moron..." I muttered at he screamed when the coke hit his face.
Looking at his face, I started laughing, and fell to the ground. I heard Austin laughing too, when I finally started to stop, but then happens when someone else is laughing, I can't help but laugh with them.
"You guys knew all along?" he asked, searching for the box of tissues.
I stood up and handed a few of them to him.
“Ye—"
"Beverly! What the heck happened to my pickles dipped in nutella!" I heard Lara's voice yell as a noises came from the stairs.
Shoot.
Austin stopped laughing and looked at his sister who was currently storming over to us.
"Austin, you love me right?" I yelled scared, before waiting for him to answer I hide behind him. "Hide me!" I squeaked.
He put a protective arm around me, but scrunched up his face, "Pickles dipped in nutella? Dude. That's gross."
"Hey! Don't blame me! I've got cravings, alright...anyways it's the kids who wants to eat it!" she shouted, pointing at her large belly.
I just nodded at her, then started turning back to the tv.
"Yo, not done yet! Someone go get me my pickles!" she commanded, pulling out a chair to sit on.
"Go get some yourself, you're down here already," Austin told her, as he took a seat next to me.
She huffed, "But it's such a long walk from here to the kitchen!"
I snorted, “It was a longer walk from upstairs to down here, yet you did it.”
Sighing, she waddled over to the kitchen, hands on her hips. I rested my head on Austin's shoulder, and he started running a hand through my hair.
"Oh shit," I heard Lara mutter from the kitchen, as a piercing sound of glass breaking broke to my ears.
"Erik! Somebody! Hospital! Now! Water. Broke!"
Oh fudgeballs...the babies are coming! Early. I took one last glance at the tv, to find the Canucks scored their fifth goal making the game a five to two- win. Woohoo! Okay back to reality.
"Bev, can you drive? I think Erik's in shock and I have to carry this heavy piece of poo, to the car." Austin said pointing to his sister, while calmly holding out his keys with the other hand.
I took the keys from him and ran upstairs for a jacket.
"Awh damn!" I hear my best friend scream.
"Guys, get in the car!" I ordered running down the stairs, pulling Erik’s arm and headed out of the door.


Chapter 13
-Erik's Pov-
 
It’s been a few hours since Lara’s water first broke, a few minutes since it was announced that she was about to give birth to our first baby. The child who may inherit the spot of being the Beta of our pack in the future.
"Hoooooly craaaaap! Erik Jamison Thomas, you are dead meat as soon as I get out of this place!" Lara shrieked gripping onto my arms, clearly managing to almost cut my circulation.
"Ssshh, just breathe." I cooed, letting her crush my bones. I just wish I could take away all the pain my mate was currently feeling, but it was impossible.
"Okay Mrs. Thomas just take a deep breath and give one more push in 3," the doctor instructed.
I watch my wife sigh breathlessly and take in a whole lot of air as the doctor reached 1. She grunted then held my arm harder as I thought I heard a cracking sound. Finally cries filled the air signaling our child was born. Wait what time is it? My eyes wandered everywhere, but there was no clock.
"Sir, you looking for the time?" a nurse asked while handing the baby to Lara.
I nodded as the nurse said, "Congratulations Mrs and Mr Thomas, you've got a son. By the way, Happy Thanksgiving."
I stare in awe at our baby, though the baby wasn't clean yet, and he haven't been on earth that long yet, I could just tell he'd be a ladies man. Aren't we all? Suddenly a jolt of pain hit me, while I heard my mate scream. Dammit, that bond. If she goes through pain, I go through pain. Remind me to never get her pregnant again.
I think she heard me, cause immediately she turned her head at me and gave me her famous evil glare.
Evil glare?! What do you mean evil! She thought to me through the mind link, while punching me, with the hand that was on my side.
"Stop punching me would you!" I hissed. "Just work on the kid."
"Say whaaaa-"

--- ( Half An Hour Since Both Children Were Born ) ---

"Harmony and Jeremy Thomas...daddy loves you," I whispered, into the ears of my newborns.
Both of them silenced at the thought of their names.
"See I told you they'd like it," my mate said, staring at all me and our children.
“But Jeremy is way too alike to Austin’s middle name...”
“Enh.”
"Here take the kids," I said to her, handing the babies to her one-by-one.
"Where you going?"
"I'm going to run for my life before everyone comes here for all those torturous pictures," I joked, rolling my eyes.
"You wouldn't..."
"You're right, I wouldn't. I'll just run around naked, getting drunk."
"Be serious."
"Okay, okay. I'm going to grab Austin and Bev, then I guess we'd have to buy some stuff before you get home," I said, digging for my cellphone.
"Oh."
"Yeup, well take care, I'll be back before you even know it."
She nodded and started playing with the babies in her arms. I stood up from the plastic chair I've been sitting on, (which not to mention killed my butt) and headed towards the door.
Right before my hand came in touch with the doorknob, suddenly the door burst, slamming right into my nose on the way. I started cussing, while clutching onto my nose, as our family came into the mini hospital room. Beverly took one look at me and started laughing, leaning into Austin's arms. I glared at her but kept rubbing my nose; thank god that door didn't break it. Or else, I would point to that door and go, "I'm suing this thing!" Well technically I wouldn't but still...
At the corner of my eyes, I saw Austin kiss the top Beverly's head while laughing at me.
I was tempted to growl at them, but I was not to do that to the alpha...and the Luna. Yeah that's right; Bev finally gave in to Austin.
"Awww, they're adorable!" Jennifer squealed taking Harmony in her arms.
Oh no. I'm not watching this, I pushed past the laughing couple and tried to walk out the door, but the voice of my mother ordered me to stop.
"What?"
"Erik come over here for a sec," she commanded patting a spot next to her on the mini sofa at the corner of the room.
"But I have to quickly buy some stuff for the babi-"
"Stuff? Awh sweetheart, get your butt over here," my mother once again said, patting at the spot next to her...again.
"Mom, what happened to my words of stop calling me sweetheart?"
"It flew out the window the second you said it. Now get over here, you make any more rude remarks and you'll regret it, because what I'm about to give you two...you wouldn't wanna lose," she said, quoting the 'I'm' part.
I sighed in defeat and bent down to the sofa.
"So you wanna know what we all got you two?" she asked excited, clapping to herself and bouncing on the poor sofa.
"Uhh...sure?"
Instead of speaking my dad threw me a pair of keys that smacked my head.
"Dammit dad, watch where you throw things!" I complained, rubbing my head. First my nose, now the side of my head. What next? My crotch?
"Son, just shut up and pay attention to what I just threw at you."
I dangled the keys from my pinkie and inspected it, "So what is it? A new car?"
"Mister, are you stupid? Cars these days have those ‘beep beep’ remote crap, not a normal key to unlock the door.... So guess again."
Before I could take another guess, Lara snatched the keys out of my hands.
When did she get up?
"Hoooly crap! You guys, got us our own place to live! Oh my god! Thank you such much!" she screamed, hugging everyone and crying.
I stared at everyone in shock.
"Y-you g-guys...w-wha- Holy shit," I muttered.
"Yeup, you see, we've got everything done. Painting, and everything. Except for decorating, well we got the kids room covered but yours...there's only a bed."
"That's more than enough! Thanks so much!" my wife screamed, throwing the keys at me, then went to give our parents a hug.
"I d-don't know what to say," I choked out.
"Son, just thank us and give us a family picture," my dad said, giving me a thumbs us.
"Thanks," I mumbled, scratching my head.
Beverly and Austin continued to laugh at me at the side, as we all gathered for a family picture.
Madi held up a camera as she ordered us to stand closer or whatever.
"Ok guys. 1.2..."
At three everyone smiled, squeezing tight together. I really wonder how raising two kids at a time would be like.



Chapter 14
 
I sat in my new house waiting for Austin to come home. Such pure silence... brings me back to the thought of how we managed to end up living together...
 
*Flashback* (Back in August)
 
He carried me into our room as our kiss remained unbroken. Just as we entered through the door, he threw my on the bed, growling as he stalked sexily towards me. Placing his lips where it was left off; his lips started trailing down my skin, teeth gnawing at the spot where he had marked me.
I wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him in for another kiss.
Suddenly I came to my senses... what happens when school starts?! Oh shoot, I forgot about that! I pushed him away making him glare at me jokingly.
"B, have you not been listening to me? Tonight's our night, no holding back," he growled in my ears, making my heart flutter and my wolf melt.
"Austin. Come to your senses!" I half shouted half whispered, pushing him away.
I watched the colours of his eyes change, and then he shook his head.
"What?" he growled.
"You know what you just did right?"
"Yeah... I marked you and now you're the Luna of the pack, or in other words the Alpha Female."
"Yeah, and...?"
"And what?" he questioned, rolling to his side wrapping his arms around me.
"How the heck am I going to the Uni, if I'm bound to you and can't stay a large amount of distance away from you without missing you like hell?!"
"You're not," he stated twirling a piece of my hair on his finger.
"What do you mean I'm not! You can't keep me from my life!" I screamed, shoving him away, wincing at the pain I received when my hair didn't just unwind from his finger.
"What's going on up there? What's with the shouting you two?!" Jennifer shouted.
Dammit.
"Nothing! We're just talking!" he shouted back, before I got to scream out nonsense.
"Aust-" I started.
He placed his index finger on top of my lips, hushing me. "I'm not about to keep you away from school." he replied calmly.
"Then what the fu-"
"Bev! Look at me and shut the fuck up for a second would you?!" he shouted, starting to lose his patience.
By the sound of his tone, I shut up instantly and just frowned at him.
"I'm only saying this once, got it?"
I kept silence but nodded.
"You. Will. Be. Go-ing. Back. To. School. But. I. Will. Be. Go-ing. With. You." He said slowly, breaking down every syllable.
"You're what?" I gaped at him. "No. Wait. So you applied to the same Uni I go to? Or did you just apply to a school nearby?"
He brought a hand up to cup my face.
"I wish I could say I applied for the same one as you...but I didn't. Another Uni provides a better program, but the schools aren't that-that far..."
"That far as in...?"
"Depending on where we plan on staying, then I would be able to tell you the distance."
"Wait, wait. So let me get this right... you're going back to Vancouver with me?" I asked, dragging out the words.
"Yeah." He said, nodding.
I squealed and wrapped my legs around his waist and showered him with kisses.
"Ohmigod. I love you. I love you. I love you!"
He chuckled and kissed my cheeks, "I love you too."
“But wait, what about the pack?”
“What about the pack?” he asked.
“What will happen to the pack? I mean you’re the alpha and well without you here who will be around for them?”
“Without us here,” he corrected. ”It’s without us here. Anyways I’ve already asked my dad ahead of time and he said he’d happily help around when we’re gone.”
“Oh. Okay.”
“No more questions?”
I shook my head. He smiled and planted a kiss on my lips.
 
*Flashback ends*
 
Then I suppose, planning started and here we ended up in our own apartment with pictures and stuff everywhere. We're not the neatest people in the world. Clothes scattered around the rooms, garbage here and there... I'm surprised there's none of those creepy crawlers around. I sighed and heaved myself up... well since there's all this crap in the house... might as well clean it all up in case any visitors drop by.
Just as I was about to bend down, I heard the door lock click signalling it was being opened or locked...which means Austin's home! Quickly, I tip-toed carefully to the door and found him dropping his keys off at the counter near the kitchen. Finding the right position I ran for it and leaped on his back.
"Gotcha!" I chirped wrapping my arms around his neck.
"Oh shit! Help! Someone! A monster is on my back! Get it off!" He screamed sarcastically, running around in circles.
"Did you just call me a monster?!" I asked, slapping the back of his head.
"Oh shoot, now the monster's got my head! Ahh!" He screamed, once again in sarcasm.
"You be careful of what you say mister," I warned, pinching his lips together.
He let go of one of my legs, removed my fingers from his mouth and kissed my palms.
"Nah I'm fine," he said, chuckling.
I growled at him and kissed the back of his neck.
"I'm bored, let's do something."
"Like what?" He asked waggling his eyebrows.
"No way. Perv."
"Aww c'mon you could carry my pups… make everyone happy," he whined, pouting.
"Austin. No. First, we just started school a few months ago, and second, there's still like 3-ish years until you graduate, and half a year till I do."
"Yeah... but I don't plan on staying here for the full 4 years of Uni," he stated dropping me on the sofa, we had at the corner of the apartment.
"What! Why?"
"I wanted to spend time with you... that was the entire reason of coming here; or else I would've stayed in Seattle and looked after the pack."
I tried giving him a disapproving look but 'aww' managed to slip out of my mouth. He rolled his eyes at me and threw me over his shoulders.
"What the heck do you think you're doing?!" I screamed, kicking and whacking his back.
He ignored my actions and just kept heading for our bedroom.
"You bastard! Put me down!" I demanded, now pounding my fists on his butt.
He chuckled, then slapped my butt in return.
"Awh hell no. Did you just do what I think you just did?" I asked. Without letting him reply, I spoke again. "Austin Jeremiah Lane, put me down before I kick your ass!"
"You're not strong enough."
"Is that a challenge I hear?" I asked, not moving.
"No sweetheart. That was a statement."
"Screw you." I yelled out, lifting a leg moving in position to kick him in where the sun doesn't shine.
"You really wanna?" he asked smirking.
"Maybe..." I mumbled and kicked him.
He groaned but didn't do much. Dammit I missed about an inch.
"Love, your aim sucks." He spat, grinning now.
"No it doesn't!" I shouted, swinging my knee up.
He growled, put me down and tumbled to the ground cupping his balls. Groaning, he started rolling around.
"Damn girl. What's in that head of yours? If you keep doing that, we'll never have kids!" he shouted, flinching.
"I wasn't plann-"
"Mrs. Lane! Mr. Lane! Is everything alright?" I heard a neighbour call out.
How many times did I have to tell her I wasn’t married to Austin!
"Yeup everything's fine!" we both shouted, at the same time.
"Are you sure? Com'ere and open the door. It doesn't sound like things were fine in there."
I glared at Austin who was slowly getting up, then wrapped an arm around his waist, walking to the door.
"Hey," I greeted, looking into the eyes of our elderly neighbour.
She looked at us in shock, mumbled a few words then walked ofssleepy*f.
"Right..." Austin muttered, slamming the door closed. Then he turned to me with an evil grin. "Okay Miss Thomas. You're in trouble."
I squealed then ran for the room. I tripped over a stash of clothes that I left in the hall and his arms crept around me.
"No more escaping missy. Dead is dead."
"No stay away from m--." Before I could finish the word I was laughing hysterically. He was tickling my belly and well... lets say I am tough and strong, but I am extremely ticklish. "S-stop! Stop, I beg you! I'll do anything! Just stop!"
"Anything?" he growled, smirking sexily.
"A-anything!" I screamed out, as I squirmed in his arms.
"Well then love... you're coming with me."
"Oh shit. Did I say anything? I meant nothing!" I screamed diving for the bed.
"Sorry Love, too late now, you're mine," he growled kissing the spot right beneath my ears.
"Don't," I squeaked, as I squirmed in his arms again.
He ignored me and kept kissing downwards, removing my hoodie.
"A-austinnnn!"
"Sssh," he hushed. "I promise you, even if you do carry my pups, it won't interfere with schooling.”
"I highly doubt that!"
"Love, just hush."
"But—" I started but never finished, because he flipped me around and smashed his lips to mine.
I moved my hands up his chest and held him close to me. Out of nowhere he pulled away, whimpering from the loss.
"Not objecting anymore are you?"
"Shut it and kiss me!" I commanded, bringing him down again.
I felt him smile against my lips, and then his hands slowly slid down...



Chapter 15 
 
 I woke up snuggled up in Austin's arms with one of my arms across his chest. Under these sheets we in our birthday suits and well those abs...
"I feel violated," he grumbled, flipping around to hug me closer to him, chest against chest.
"No...you like it," I replied tracing his lips with my fingertips.
"True," he confirmed nodding.
I twisted my fingers into his hair and pulled him in for a kiss. I felt his tongue poke at my lips for entrance, and I gladly opened my mouth. He half smiled and sat up, while never leaving my lips. I sat up along with him, but ended on his lap wrapping my legs around his waist.
I felt his 'little friend' poking at me but I happily ignored it until he grinds against me. I moaned but slapped him at the back of his head.
"What was that for?" he scowled.
I pointed at the package of protection on the side.
"You didn't use it on purpose!" I accused, getting off him while kicking him in the guts by accident.
He groaned but pounced on me, "So what if I did?"
"Did you honestly not listen to a single fucking word I said yesterday?" I shouted, pushing him away.
"Did you listen to a word I said?"
"That does not answer my question!"
"Nor does yours!"
I glared at him for a second, and got up.
"I. Hate. You." I spat, pronouncing everything slowly, as I gathered some clothing to put on.
He frowned but said nothing and watched me dress. I gave him one last glance and hobbled out of the room, grabbing my keys.
"Where the hell do you think you're going?!" he screamed out, from the room.
"Somewhere far away from you!" I shouted back, digging for my ballet flats.
It was kind of late to leave already, I mean if he had really created a monster in me, it's not like I can just suddenly do magic and make it disappear. Not completely thinking, I rushed as I heard Austin storming over, when he suddenly forced me to look at him.
"Bev, look at me and listen well alright?" he asked expression softening.
I bit my lip and nodded.
"I love you. I mean it. I love you, I loved you younger and now, and I can't bare to watch you walk away from me. I know it was selfish of me for my actions, but honestly I don't want to go buh bye as soon as our kids grow up. I'm sorry for not talking to you 'nicely' and well if you do happen to be carrying our child. I would let you have your choice of aborting or keeping," he said gritting his teeth at the last part.
I sighed and clutched onto him breathing in his scent.
"I'm sorry I overreacted. I guess I just didn't want to grow up yet and be an official adult...to have kids or create a family yet. Or well I guess I just don't believe in myself."
"You're not gonna leave are you?" he asked, worried.
I shook my head. "I can't leave you." I mumbled in his chest.
I felt him smile then kissed the top of my head.
"You hungry?" he asked, bringing me over to the kitchen and started digging into the fridge.
"Kinda."
"What'cha want?"
"Iunno."
"Toast?" he suggested. "Or do you wanna go out?"
"Nah. I'm too lazy to go out. Just make me toast.
He nodded and pointed me over to the tv.

---2 weeks later---
 
"Austin...we've got some problems..."
He looked at me alarmed and pulled me over to the sofa placing me on his lap. "What's wrong?"
"I've been having a whole heckful of morning sickness...and the food I'm craving, is disgusting me..."
"Where is this leading to?" he asked, gently pushing hair out of my face.
"How would you feel about being a daddy?"
His face lit up, "Wait. Whoa. Youre joking right?"
I shook my head smiling in relief.
"Holy shit. Really? Imma be a daddy!" he hollered, pumping his fist.
I laughed at his reaction, and laid my head on his lap.
"I'm taking as you like that idea."
"Like? No. I love. Baby, you’re carrying our pups. I'm going to be a daddy! Wait. Oh shit. Your dad's going to kill me for-"
"He wouldn't dare. Anyways your dad didn’t kill Erik so I suppose my dad would let it slide for you." I said, cutting him off.
"Yeah, you're right he won't kill me. He'll just chop off my baby-maker," he muttered, running a hand through his hair while stroking my tummy with the other.
I threw my head back laughing. "I doubt it; he's been wanting more grandkids ever since Jeremy and Harmony came out of your sister."
"True, but they were married when they had the kids. Whereas us...we're not."
"Well then Mr. Lane, you have exactly around five months for you to make your move, ‘cause I'm guessing for what we are, the kids are coming out of this earlier than you'd expect." I hinted cuddling closer to him.
"Sorry to disappoint you Miss Thomas, but that ring I have handy will not be on this finger any sooner." he said, pointing at my finger amused.
I scoffed and crossed my arms. "And why's that?"
"Patience and you will be rewarded my love." he whispered, kissing my forehead.
I scrunched up my face and got up.
"I just hate you sometimes."
"Yeah, but you love me more than hate."
I gave him the stink eye and stalked off.
I'm guessing the pregnancy hormones will kick in soon.
 
-Austin's Pov-
 
To know my own mate was pregnant with my child, was probably the best news that has been delivered to me, but the big problem was about how there's still a pack out there who wants to harm me and my own loved ones. Then to add to that, right now my group of loved ones are growing, and if I don't attack them first, my mate, heir, would be gone. That's something I can't have. But other than that, I do hope Bev is giving birth to a baby boy...then he would be able to take over for me and lead the pack for me, but then a baby girl would be nice too. I mean she could look just like her mother, beautiful.
I shook my head, to shake myself out of my thoughts. Starting to think a little too ahead of myself here, I mean next thing you'd know I'd probably be thinking about names. Right now I should be thinking about how to deal with that enemy pack that has been heading for us for the last year. We have to fight them off. I can’t let them take one step closer to Bev, or our kid. Or kids. Or my family. Time to call Erik.
 
---
 
"If it wasn't for the fact you are the alpha of this goddamn pack, I would've never picked up. Now speak up, because you've just interrupted something," Erik growled into the phone, as I hear my sister giggle in the background.
I don't even want to know what they were doing, but I guess it's too late. My brain has been officially scarred. I would normally say I'd contact him another time, but what has to be said can not wait. It is important.
"Dude, leave my sister for a sec and focus, there's some issues..." I trailed off. How do I say this?
As if he heard the ‘seriousness's’ in my voice, I heard Lara whimpered and walk off.
"Okay what?"
"Remember how I've mentioned a few months ago that there was this pack after us? Or me...and our previous alphas?" I brought up. "Well they're back...or so that's what I was told. Their beta has contacted me. We used to be friends, remember Adrian from back in elementary school? Yeah that's him, anyways I guess no one really remembers that we know him, which is a good thing ‘cause he's on our side, anyways they're back and well it's kill me. Challenge me. Or take my mate."
"You're not serious are you? I thought they backed away! Oh crap. My baby sister...oh shit. Oh shit," he yelled but ended up mumbling.
"I know but there's some other news I'd rather have both of us tell you all at the same time...but I think it's best if I tell you a bit earlier." I started to say. Yet if I tell him, he'd probably take Mr. Thomas's place and chop my balls off for him...would I take this risk? Yes I would. For Bev.
"Oh crap. What is it? Did she die? Did you hurt her? Wait...if she has to tell us...she's not dead. Dammit, I hate how I'm always like this when I'm panicking," he muttered.
I chuckled into the phone, "Promise not to chop my balls off, after I tell you?"
"I can't promise for something, if I don't know what I'm promising for."
"Just trust me and promise," I demanded, snapping my fingers.
"Enh."
"Bev is preg-"
"Austin, what the hell are you doing?" Bev yelled, bursting into the room door.
I quickly threw my phone away from her as a reflection and slowly walked up to her, "W-when did you come home?"
She ignored my question and stalked over to where my phone landed.
"Erik? You called my brother? What were you going to tell him? That I'm carrying your kids? I thought we agreed to tell them together!" she screamed, tears streaming down her face.
Oh shit. Pregnancy hormones alert.
I heard that! she thought to me through our link.
I quickly blocked her. "Bev, I have to..."
"No you don't!" she screamed out, wiping her tears with the back of her hands.
"Sweetie, quit crying...you're making your eyes red and puffy! Also you'll accidentally infect them!" I scolded, ripping her arms away from her face.
Gently I raised my hands to push her hair aside.
"B, look at me. There's something I wasn't planning on telling you...but I suppose you have the rights to know." I whispered, playing with the piece of paper in the front pockets of my jeans.
"Austin, what's happening?" she asked, voice cracking.
"They're...back," I managed to squeeze out.
"The other pack?" she asked, trying hard to find the right words.
I nodded and rubbed my temples. How to deal with this.
"I'm sure you'll do the right thing when time comes," she assured me, wrapping her arms around my neck.
I frowned at the thought of how she may end up in disappointment.
"You don't think you can do it, do you?" she questioned, now frowning.
I shook my head a no.
"I believe in you. I'm sure baby pea down here, believes in daddy too." she chirped, smiling.
A smile crept to my face at just the mention of our child and I wrapped her into a hug, breathing in her scent. I brought my hand up to her cheeks stroking it. I love her. I would sacrifice anything for her and the baby. Or babies...? Suddenly Bev pushed me away.
"Call my brother. He's probably being a major screw up, waiting in suspense, needing to know what happened or what's about to happen."
I stared at my girlfriend, wondering why she was so logical.
She rolled her eyes at me and shoved my cellphone to me, "Call, before he really cuts your baby-maker!"
As I was about to type in his number, the phone rang, vibrating making me drop it.
"Shit," I cussed, as I bent down to pick it up.
I clicked accept call.
"Yo dude! Tell me what the fuck is happening and what Bev was saying!" he demanded. Clearly he wasn't the most patient person in the world. I stared dumbly at Bev for a sec then shoved the phone over to her. Figures it'd be better for the words to come out of her mouth, then mine.
 
---Bev's Pov---
 
"Hey Er!" I chirped into the phone, as I rubbed my belly.
Though baby pea hasn't been in me for a long period of time, boy was he growing fast.
"Bev? That pussy--cat! Why'd he pass the phone to you! Know what, never mind! Just tell me what's happening, and if I need to kill Austin."
"Well, first of all, those enemies are planning to attack sometime...and second...I'm pregnant." I mumbled. "And before you try and kill him! Learn that I'm fine with it...and well I suppose it's better to have a kid early then late."
I heard him release a gush of air, as I sighed in relief.
"Let me get this right...so you don't want me to kill my best friend even though he technically knocked you up?"
"Well he didn’t kill you for knocking up his sister before, so yeah." I confirmed.
"Fine. Fine. I won't say anything! But, you guys are gonna have to deal with the 'rents and pack yourself!" he shouted, laughing.
A very mature brother I've got.
"2 words for you. You. Suck."
He stopped laughing immediately.
"I suck what?"
I thought for a second. "Since you're a guy. You can't suck bawlls. So va-jay-j's?"
Austin's head snapped to me when the words left my mouth.
"What the heck are you two talking about?" he asked, concerned.
"Nothing you need to know about."
"Right," he said, unconvinced.
"Mhmmm."
"Give me the phone. We should make plans to go home early. We can't really deal with school when pretty much all of our lives are in danger. Then I'll deal with you and baby pea later," he said, smirking.
"You're impossible," I spat, pushing the phone back to him.


Chapter 16
 
Do you even have a plan in your head?" I asked Austin, as I glanced out the window. It was kind of dark out here. It's around four in the morning now and we were almost back home.
"Train. Fight. You ladies stay at home with guards around," he said, turning at our street.
"But I want to fig-"
"Fight? Ahahahaha. No. Hell no. That's putting you in danger. Along with the baby! I will not let that happen!" he shouted, pulling up at the house.
"But Austin!" I whined, unbuckling my seat belt.
He sighed and cupped my face in his palms. "Bev, I'm not going to put you in danger. Now c'mon let's get inside. I bet everyone misses you."
"This is not over," I growled, pointing at him with one finger, as I kicked the passenger door open.
I threw a leg out and fixed my boot, and done the same with the other. Then I hopped out completely and stretched. God. It's been so long since I stood. Okay it's only been 3 hours, but hey I get to complain.
"Oh my god! Beverly, sweetheart, you're home! Safely! How are you!" my mother squealed, charging to us, while embracing me. "Oh lord. I missed you so much. What happened during the past few months? Are you keeping my grandchi-" she started to say, but covered her mouth. "Shoot."
Erik froze at the words that escaped mom's mouth. "Mom! What'd you do that for! I'm a dead man! I'm a dead man! I'm a dead man!" he screamed, as ran back into the house. 
I started giggling to myself and unwrapped myself from my mom. "He learns!" I gasped in fake horror.
Austin chuckled, shaking his head, while Lara walked towards us holding 2 babies in her arms.
"There's Aunt Bev's little peanuts!" I squealed, waddling towards her and taking one in my arms.
"Peanuts? Did you just call these monsters peanuts? I wish they were peanuts!"
"They’re not monsters," I replied, cooing at Harmony. "Right Harm?"
I nuzzled my face into her neck, while making her giggle. Next thing I knew, she blew raspberries at me. Before I could react, Erik took Harmony away from me, just in case I hurt her.
"Bro. I know you don't trust me with kids, since I used to hate them...but think about it, if I could put myself to give birth to one sooner or later. Then no I don't hate them...and hell no way would I harm a blood related one."
He looked at me funny and snapped his head in his best friend's direction. "What the hell have you done to my sister? And why the hell does she seem nicer?"
"What could I possibly do?" Austin asked, lifting me into his arms.
"How should I know! I asked you for a reason!"
Austin opened his mouth to retort, but held back. "Enough of this talk, there's some business to talk and well it's getting cold out here."
Just as he said that, I shivered, goosebumps rising on my arms and legs. I smiled and pecked his lips, but I guess that wasn't enough for him, ‘cause next thing I know, he wrapped my legs around him and pulled me into a more passionate kiss.
"Akhem," a throat cleared behind us. "You two coming in? Or are you just going to end up in a full on make-out session out there?" Madi asked, crossing her arms, while leaning on the door. Clearly she was smiling.
"Madi!" I chirped, pushing away from Austin and running to hug her.
"Now you remember I exist huh?"
"I've always remembered you."
"Not when you're with Austin."
I smacked her at the back of her head, "That's a different story!"
I heard Austin mumbled 'women these days' while walking around us to enter the house, bringing in our bags.
"What was that supposed to mean!" Madi screamed, stomping her way into the house on the search for Austin. Right...I slammed the door shut behind me, and strolled to the living room. Ah. Home sweet home. It's been awhile since I was last here. I was about to plop down on the couch, but I found my dad there reading his newspaper. Grinning from ear to ear, in one swift motion, I pulled his newspaper away and caught him in surprise… "Daddy!" I squealed, acting like I was 5 again.
"Hey sweetie. How are you? Hungry? I could get your mom to cook you breakfast," he said, kissing the top of my head.
"Nawh. Austin and I ate before we got here," I mumbled, into his chest.
"Okay then...well if you need anything, make sure to tell me, got it?" he started getting up to walk upstairs, but stopped. "Tell me Bev, do I need to chop off Austin's babymaker for making you a pregnant 17 year old?"
I shook my head a no. "Nawh. It's fine. For now..."
"For now?! What do you mean for now!" Austin shouted from the kitchen, while probably munching on an apple.
I ignored him, and picked up the tv remote control and flicked through the channels. Just gotta relax and forget about the troubles heading for us. For me. For everyone...for now.
---

"Austin, why can't I fight with you guys?" I asked, pouting as I rested my head on his chest.
We have been laying here in bed for the last hour, just talking. I just can't get over not fighting. It's like my life. I was one of the best in the pack. Which was pretty much the reason why I was the third in command, before I mated with him and became the Luna.
"B. I've told you a lot of times already! I can't put you in danger! I can't lose you!"
"I'm practically the strongest fighter in this pack! I train the wolves! I fight. It's my life! Well other than you..."
"No." he said, sternly. Then he gave me a pleading look, hoping I would let this go.
"Please," I begged, giving him the puppy dog eyes. Which in a way it fits; I mean wolves are like dogs...kinda.
He sighed. "Not happening. Now get to sleep."
"Well at least let me train them for the battle."
"That might-"
I hushed him, placing a finger to his lips. "If you don't let me do anything, I might as well just die ‘cause I'll feel pretty much useless when you guys are out."
He hesitated but nodded. I'm not sure if he's actually agreeing but I guess it'll work...for now.

---

"C'mon boys! Do something unexpected! None of those go right, go left thing! Fight! I mean for peeps sake. Are you being scared to hurt each other? I told you what's happening right now, is that you guys are mirroring each other's moves! Not cool. How the hell are you gonna save your life or something/someone with that!" I shouted at the pair of wolves in front of me.
Both of them whined, backed up and bowed down.
I groaned in frustration for my attitude. "I'm sorry guys. I didn't mean to speak to you two like that. Must be the pregnancy hormones stuff."
They just whined again. I gave them a worried look, but they shook off. I took a glance at the entire pack who was training. There were a few outstanding ones... Suddenly my stomach growled stating it was hungry.
"Is anyone else hungry? Cause I know I am!"
All heads snapped to me, and nodded. I motioned them over to the house. Grinning, the wolves proceeded and shifted back into their human form. I turned around smiling and sniffing the air. I smell... lunch. Suddenly a pair of arms wrapped around me, as I turned around revealing Austin in just shorts. He grinned and kissed me, not letting me pull back when my stomach growled again. Suddenly a guy caught my attention when he had no clothes on.
I pushed Austin away, "Yo dude! Get some clothes on! Everyone's gonna lose their appetite before they even eat if you walk around like that!"
Austin's head snapped over at his direction and pointed him to a tree.
I shook my head at them and started heading for the house, but stopped when Austin's phone rang. He picked up the phone and talked into it as we walked into the house.
" Bro! There's a prob. Hemsley is planning to attack soon! I can't talk much, but it's something like not letting you guys train and stuff! Try to prepare quick cause I'm thinking he plans on attacking in like 2 days!" I eavesdropped.
"Fuck," Austin cursed under his breath. "Anyways thanks for warning us." Then he ended the call.
"Okay guys let's get in the house, eat and we're back to train! We're losing time!" I yelled out as I jogged into the house.
How could I help? Just how? I mean the other pack is huge, and the fact we are barely done training...this isn't good. Biting my bottom lip, wondering about how we are going to get through this, Austin kissed my cheek.
"Don't you dare bite those lips. Only I get to do that," he growled into my ears, while making me giggle.
"What'd you do, get that line out of a book?" I asked as we reached the couch.
"Nah."
"You two. Food's ready! Get over here before we run out!" Erik yelled out from the kitchen, probably about to dig in and not save any for me.
"Just save some for us!" Austin yelled out, not wanting to move from the couch.
"Lazyass," I mumbled, pushing him so I could get up.
"No. You're staying here with me," he growled, pulling me back to his chest.
"C'mon. I'm hungry," I whined, trying to shrug away from him.
Beep. Beep.
There's an unknown on land. We're guessing a were. Alpha we need you! A few of our regular guards sent to everyone.
So then chaos bursted and everyone started rushing around, just being a blur in front of my eyes, while they all munched down their food and ran out of the house.
Austin was running to the other side of the house, while wolfing down some food.
"Okay. Bev. Listen alright? We're gonna stick to the plan. You and the other girls will stay here while we go out alright? I've also contacted the other pack nearby which we met last time, and they will be joining us. Together our two packs will work as one. Their members that are not participating will arrive in a few minutes...got it?" Austin said calmly as he swallowed his food, jogging towards me.
He kissed my forehead and whispered 'I love you' to me. Before I could even say it back, he was gone.


Chapter 17
 
I stared at the door in shock, and cuddled myself to my mother who just sat down beside me.
"It's okay sweetheart. Austin and the rest of the pack will come back home safely." she assured me, pulling me closer to her.
"I hope so," I mumbled as I hugged her legs. Suddenly the doorbell rang indicating there was a visitor.
"I'll get it," I whispered, pushing myself up to the door.
"Hey, I'm Jezebel, but call me Jez, I’m currently the Luna of the moonstone pack. I was told by my husband we were to stay here. Is that correct?" a girl my age asked, standing in front of me, holding her hand out.
I stared at her shocked. There on her hand, on her ring finger was a beautiful shining ring. She was married? And wait, is that a huge baby bump? Whoa. "Yeah, come in. I'm so sorry we had to bother your pack."
"All's fine. We like to help others," she spoke as she entered the house, with a few others trailing behind her.
 
---A Few Hours Later---
 
"I hate waiting for them. I mean what if they're hurt? What if..." I shrieked, worried.
"I'm sure they're fine," Jez said, joining me in the kitchen.
"But just what if-"
"Beverly! Always think positive!" she scolded, while looking through the fridge for something to prepare for dinner.
"If only I could help them..." I sighed, looking out the window.
From what I know of, the guards aren't completely near the house. If I block them out, I bet they won't even notice I escaped since I'm sneakier than them...
"Beverly...what are you thinking off?" she asked, taking out a cutting board.
"N-nothing," I lied, busying myself with a carrot in my hand.
"I may barely know you...but I can see right through you."
"I swear I wasn’t thinking of anything but what to make for dinner."
"Right..." she said, unconvinced.
"Less talking, more food making. I'm guessing everyone's hungry even though they're worried sick."
She did not reply and just started to cut up the tomatoes on the board. As soon as I finish eating, I will sneak out geared. There's no way they could leave me out of something this big.
 
---
 
I looked around cautiously. Where the heck are those stupid guards? It makes me more nervous when I can't see them. What if they out of nowhere pop out and catch me? They'll report to Austin immediately and he'd rage out on me later. Oh shit. What kind of stupid plan was I thinking! Now I'm too far from the house, to make it back unnoticed... but if I go further, someone would catch me like 'wahla.' Hesitating, I took a few steps forward.
"Where do you think you're going?" a voice growled behind me.
I turned around to face a guy not much older than me... yet he seemed to be a heckful stronger than me, especially since now that I'm pregnant, but along with that, he looked like enemy. Which means I'm in deep shit right now.
"N-nowhere," I stuttered.
The guy grinned at me, eyes burning a hole through me. He had heard the sign of weakness in my voice.
Taking a few steps back slowly I was ready to run. I just may have a chance if I run...I mean what was I thinking! I'm risking the baby's life and mine right now! Dammit! Possibly Austin's too! Ready to turn and run I smacked right into someone else. Biting my lips I looked up in horror. There stood Adrian glaring down at me. I flinched. He used to be my friend, but then he is the one who has been helping us/warning us...yet right now he has no choice but to do as his alpha says, which in this case is to kill me, or kidnap me. Behind those muddy brown eyes, I could tell he was sorry. We grew up together; me, Erik, Lara, Austin and him...that was until his world came crashing down on him when his mother passed away. To add along with that, his dad was druggie and also passed away. Most of us suspect that maybe it’s due to the inhalation of all the products he used that may have taken the life of Mrs. Dawson. No one in our town understood the reason of why Mr. Dawson would’ve started the process of taking drugs, but we weren’t to question. Then due to all the burned history in this town, Adrian decided to leave, and perhaps find a better life, where his past wasn’t. When he finally found land on another’s property, the others gladly accepted him, and well that was that.
"Ad-" I started to say, but he hushed me.
"Don't speak. Or else I won’t hesitate to kill you, and then there won’t be anything to lure your mate over here, then there’d be no reason for him to come help; but we need him here." He whispered into my ear, emphasizing the words 'don’t, I, help.'
So this is an act and he's gonna help? Okay...
I pretended to be scared and started shaking, while with the corner of my eyes I saw the other man smirk in satisfaction.
"Whatever you do, just don't kill me!" I shrieked, crouching down.
I buried my head in between my knees fake sobbing. Thank you Mrs. Mo for the great acting skills that you've provided for me to learn!
"Oh sweet babycakes, what would I do with you if I don't kill you?" the guy asked, his tone sickening.
"Please..." I begged grabbing onto his arm carefully not to reveal any of my gears that was hidden and wrapped around my body.
He flinched and shook my arm off. "Get your filthy hands off me. I don't even know why the hell Hemsley would want you. Adrian, tie her up. We're going to have to let him deal with her," the guy commanded. What did he mean he didn’t know? Out of nowhere Adrian pulled out some ropes and started tying me, while the other guy shifted and ran away. I turned my head midway around to look at Adrian.
"Ad-"
He cut me off again, "Shush you bitch. I have to tie you up tightly, and when I mean tight. I mean tight. Not loose. Then I have to turn you into Hemsley before...who was it? Your alpha. Austin was it...and his stupid pack gets here...unless they're dead..." This time he emphasized the words 'tie, loose, turn, into, your, pack.'
I stared at him in shock. Thank god I've known him for a decent amount of time and I'm not as stupid as I was just a while ago... or else I'll never get what he was trying to tell me.
Opening my mouth to speak, Adrian suddenly stuffed something in my mouth. I tried to spit it out so I could start screaming at him, but his eyes flickered to the side silently telling me the other guy may still be watching. He kept tying the ropes, making a few loose knots that were easy to untangle and then he fixed it all with a big fat knot. Which were one of his stupid knots that you 'pull once and the whole thing opens up' one. Is the other team really that stupid to not notice anything? At least I think they are. Thank you lord, for the millionth time! I quickly tried to squeeze out a tear to make it like the ropes were killing me and then I screamed inside my throat.
"Okay off you go!" Adrian said throwing a paper bag over my head with three holes in it. Two to see, and one really small one to breath. Not that I'd be doing much breathing...well not with this white thing in my mouth. Wait. What is it? I noticed I might be able to spit out the object.
Adrian nudged me into a car and pushed me into the back seat, then slammed the door shut just before he entered the driver's seat. Waiting for a few seconds, expecting the other guy to come into the car with us, he never did. I heard the radio turn on, and the engine roaring to life. I waited for a few more seconds then spat out the object that was in my mouth and starting coughing.
"Adrian, how the hell are you gonna do this?" I whispered making sure not to speak too loud in-case the other guy had really-really good hearing..
"I'm going to take an easy route pretending to go to the area where Hemsley should be trying to attack Austin and the other guy...Cam was it? Then I'll quickly lose Brandon, switch cars and drive to your territory.
"I thought you're not allowed on our land though," I stated clearing my throat, since there was something stuck in there.
"I got permission from Austin."
"Oh."
"Yeah. Anyways you’re the Luna, , I’m pretty sure I could’ve asked you, plus not to be rude but I need you to shut up and pretend to be in trouble. I don't know. Squirm? Just act Bev. That'll probably save you and the kid. Also I think I need to have a few words with you after all this crap...if I'm still alive. I mean what the hell were you thinking, putting both you and the kid in danger!" he scolded.
I bowed my head down in silence and did not speak. Waiting for Adrian to keep driving.

 -Austin’s Pov-
 
Alpha, I'm sorry to disappoint you, but our Luna has been out of our sight. One of our guards sent to me as I circled around Hemsley.
My wolf started to feel panicky towards the thought of losing our mate. Fucktards. Dammit. 
Well, find her you idiots! If anything happens to her! You're dead.
Hemsley gave a wolfy grin as he kept circling. Both of us made no move as we were both in our wolf forms. Something tells me her disappearing, has something to do with him. Goddammit. Why her!? If he's taking my mate, I'm taking his life. Hemsley finally giving in, lunged forward aiming for my throat. I quickly ducked and bit his neck, making him howl in pain. Aha. I bit down harder hoping I could take him down easy, but sadly it doesn't work that way. As soon as I went off guard, he flung me off, pawing at me while trying to bite me. Expecting his moves, I turned right at the right time, and turned left at the correct time too. Flipping around I saw Hemsley's jaw stuck to the ground. Who the hell makes that mistake anyways?! Apparently he does. Smirking inside my head. I quickly bit down on him and practically tore him apart. One down, lots more to go. Hope the rest is doing better cause, well if their Alpha was this stupid, how would the others be? I've been expecting too much from them...
Alpha! Austin! Alpha! We found her! Adrian's got her! I think he's heading back to our pack house though... The guards sent to me.
I felt myself let go of a breath that I just might've been holding as I fought before. Good. Adrian's on our side, but be careful though there may be another wolf trailing behind them, knock that one off and finish him. Leave Adrian for me to deal with. He's a friend.
Thank god she's safe. What was she thinking!

-Bev’s Pov-
 
I almost fell asleep until Adrian suddenly made the car come to an hault.
"Okay B, cost is clear. We gotta switch and move fast before Brandon catches us," Adrian's voice trailed, carrying me out of the car into another. This time he quickly snapped my ropes knot open so I can untie myself during the ride. I didn't speak and just started getting my wrists out of the ropes. There were a few burns on my wrist, but nothing major that wouldn't heal within hours.
Time flew by pretty quickly before we were fast approaching the pack house. There stood a few guards in defensive stand. I ripped off the paper bag and greeted them with a warm smile. Their expressions softened to see it was just me, but hardened when they saw Adrian. They snarled about to run to us, wanting to pull me away from Adrian.
You two! Quit it. I'm sure Austin's told you...he's a friend. Just let him in…but the one who's probably hunting us down right now...he's no friend. I sent to them shaking my head disapprovingly.
They both bowed down their heads as me and Adrian quickly entered the house.
Suddenly my mother came out to greet me. "Denise Beverly Thomas! What kind of stupid idiot are you? Sneaking out? Thank god Adrian was there to save you...which reminds me..." she screamed at me hugging me as tears spilled down her face. Then she turned to Adrian. "Adrian! I haven't seen you since forever! Momma Rina missed you!" she squealed hugging him too.
Adrian looked at me alarmed, but hugged my mom, burying his head in the crook of her neck. "I've missed you too, Momma Rina." he whispered, voice soft and just like years ago.
"Oh baby, are you coming back to our pack? I mean I'm sure Austin will let you back in, and and..."
"Mom!" I cut her off. "Calm down. I think we'll all have to discuss this later...but first I need to see what's happening out there," I stated as I started making way to a window.
As my cue, a howl busted through the air and I froze. Who was that?
The enemies have been defeated. Wolves from our pack all over the land sent to each other.
I sighed in relief and plopped down on the seat closest to me. "We won. The other pack has been completely defeated. All dead. Well except for you, Adrian, but you don't count."
"And every pack member joined the fight today," Adrian added.
Then the thought hit me. I still haven't thanked Adrian for everything!
"Adrian!" I squealed throwing my arms around him. He stumbled back a few steps and raised his eyebrow at me.
"What?"
"Thank you so much for everything! If it wasn't for you, I may be laying out there lifeless right now!"
Adrian let out a gush of air, and kissed the top of my head. "Welcome."
No sooner than a few seconds later, the door busted open. Everyone's face going alarmed.
"Denise Beverly Thomas! What the hell were you thinking!" Erik and Austin both yelled at the same time, starting to rage.
Uh oh. I slipped out of Adrian's hug and jumped on Austin and showered him with kisses.
"I'm so sorry," I kept repeating while sobbing.
Austin cupped my face, "Never do that again, got it? I can't believe you. How could you even-" Before he could say another word, he flinched and howled in pain.
I jumped off him and stared at him, not knowing what happened. Did I hurt him? Then I saw the blood that was coming out of his shoulder/neck area.
What. The. Fuck?
"Someone call the pack doctor right now! Dammit! Austin! Look at me!" I shouted shaking.
I can't lose him. Dammit. I started crying but told others to pass me things, trying to stop the blood.
"Erik! Please! Get over here!" I screamed tears now dripping down my face.
He was by my side at once, then helped Austin up with Adrian on the other side. Both of them quickly moved Austin upstairs, as I sat hopelessly on the ground.
A minute later the pack doctor came in. "Don't let him die!" I shouted my face crumbling.
"Sweetheart, he'll be fine. This shouldn't be anything he can't heal soon, some painkillers should be enough," the doctor assured me.
Ignoring his reassurance, I continued to sob, "Please--"
Both my wolf and I were crying. Not wanting to practically be widowed. I wasn't exactly thinking straight. All I had in mind was how no matter what, I needed him to live. Screw what he has put me through. Or what I might've put him through. I can't lose him. I love him. We went through loads together. We grew up together. Fucking Hemsley. If I could kill him again...I would. I felt Lara come to my side and try to haul me up.
"Bev, I know you love my brother and worry about him, just like me but get up. Sitting here will be no use."
She was right. I slowly got up, using her arm as support, but then I heard another scream. I think it came from Jez who was in the living room. Quickly, I dashed into the living room, needing to find out what was happening. Just as I walked into the room, Cam came into my sight and he sure was frozen. Along with that, Jez was in front of him breathing really hard, clutching her belly with a pile of water beneath her. Oh shit.

Chapter 18
 
I pounded on the door, demanding someone to open the door for me. I needed to see him. I need to know about the stage he’s in.
"Sis, calm down. It’s not like you would be any help if you’re in there. To be exact, it’d probably be the opposite of being useful, you’d probably want to kill the doctor when you see what's happening in there," Erik said pulling me back away from the door.
I squirmed in his arms, struggling to free myself. Tears were still dripping down my face as I tried to push him away, but I knew he was right. I stared at my brother in his eyes, then burst to tears. My heart clenching.
"H-he was having trouble breathing..." I sobbed into his chest, right after I turned around to face him. "What if he doesn't live? What if he dies? W-what if..."
"He'll be fine," he assured me, resting his chin on my head.
It feels nice to be hugged by your own big brother.
"C'mon, go get some sleep. I promise you that that ass will be up by the time you wake up."
Even though I knew that wasn't a promise for him to make, I started walking to my room. My wolf's heart was burning, needing to know what's happening, but I refused to move. It’s all for the best...

---Meanwhile In The Hospital---
Jez's Pov

I’ve been sitting here in the hospital, suffering after being in labour for so long. Sure I’m a werewolf; how I’m supposed to be able to hold off more with the pain, but dang…it hurts.
“Jezebel, your dilation seems to be just enough for the first baby.”
I gripped onto Cam’s hands. “You’re a dead man,” I whispered into his ears sickly.
“I love you,” he said, getting up to kiss my forehead, before sitting back in his chair.
“Okay Jezebel, in the count of three, I want you to give me a push- One—Two—Three!”
I took a deep breath when he hit two, and pushed just as he said three. I wonder if giving birth to the kids would’ve been easier if I went through C section, instead of natural birth. “Arg!”
“Good-good, okay again, in three—”
I groaned
. 

---
 
I screamed in pain as I gripped my husband's hand. For some reason that retard had went into shock right after the baby’s head came out.
"Okay Jezebel, one more push!" the doctor ordered.
Probably cutting Cam's hand circulation I gripped onto it tighter, as I gave one final push.
"Congratulations Mrs and Mr Lyons, meet your baby boy," the nurse said, handing me my little angel. "Uh Mr. Lyons?"
Cam unintentionally ignored the nurse, just watching me...now he was staring at our baby boy, jaws to the ground. I shifted the baby to one arm and whacked him with my free arm. He shook his head and snapped out of it.
"Who! What! When! Where! Why!" he shouted, but then he saw what was in front of him. "Is that...?"
I nodded.
"I got a baby boy! He's gonna be a great leader! He's....adorable. Ladies man on the way!"
After those words, I couldn't even make out what he was trying to say, ‘cause he was talking too much. Quickly I shoved him over trying to get him to be quiet, then I peck the top of my baby boy's head.
"Anthony Marcus Lyons," I whispered as I nuzzled my nose into the crook of his tiny neck.
 
---Back At the House---
Bev's Pov
 
I wiggled my toes as I stretched, pushing myself up. Turning my head slightly I checked the time. 4:00 am the clock had flashed me. I should go check on Austin now. Flinging my arms out to get rid of the layer of blankets that was on me, I immediately hit something hard; along with that I heard a groan. Then I felt a shot of pain in my chest. Shoot. Austin! Sitting up straighter, I looked down at him.
"I'm so sorry Austin, you okay?" I asked, panicking while touching his arm.
I smiled in relief as I saw him nod.
"How you feeling? Does it hurt? Are you hungry? How'd you end up in our bed when you were in the other room...and are you mad at me?" I asked all at the same time. I’m surprised I didn’t sound like a blurb.
He rubbed his eyes, yawned then looked at me. "I'm better, and no not hungry...why would I be? And well how'd you think I got here? Teleporting? No. I walked over here. Also no I'm not mad at you, since when did I ever get mad at you? I'm just kinda pissed off. You should've stayed here. Thank god, I got Adrian stand by."
"Stand by?" As soon as those words left my mouth, realization hit me. There would be no car around for us to get in, if it weren't planned! "Wait! You knew I probably wouldn't listen to you!" I shouted, turning my head off to another direction. Little trust he had in me.
"B, look at me. You can't blame me. I've known and loved you all my life...don't you think I would know you well enough to guess your actions?"
I darted one eye to his direction and didn't turn away when he caught it. Instead I gave him the stink eye. "I hate you." I pouted, crossing my arms across my chest.
"You love me, and you know it," he stated grinning.
"Now you're Mr Know it all, huh!"
"Close."
Sighing, I pinched his nose, and bent down to kiss him. "You're right. I love you."
"Love you too." he mumbled breathing in my scent. "Also don't do anything that irrational again, got it?"
"Never will I ever. Especially since now I have to think more about the baby. I mean have you seen this belly of mine! I think it's growing a bit every millisecond!"
"Baby pea, daddy loves you," Austin cooed to my round belly when he got up.
"What are we going to name the baby when he comes out?" I asked, wrapping my arms around his waist.
"We'll just go along with the flow, and see what name comes up first when she comes out."
"She? Why she? Why not a he? Can't baby pea be a boy?"
"Yeah...but I'm hoping for a girl. Imagine her looking just like her mother. Beauty."
I blushed, cheesy man.
"I'd rather have a boy, be a ladies man, just like his daddy," I blurted out. "Wait. No second thought, he shouldn't be a ladies man, ‘cause if he does become one...it'll come haunting him when he finds his mate. If he ever does..."
"I'm sure I could give him some pointers."
I rolled my eyes and combed through my hair with my fingers. Suddenly the thought of Adrian popped up.
"Austin, what's gonna happen to Adrian?"
"I don't know...right now he's a rogue since his pack...well isn't a pack anymore...maybe if he considers it, he can join us."
"Wait. Really?"
"Yeah," he confirmed. "Why wouldn't I let him in? I mean we all grew up together. We're friends and well what kind of friend would I be to let him be fed off to others?"



Chapter 19
7 Months Later...

"Oh no, Beverly. Stay out of that room." My mother warned me; just like what everyone else had been doing today.
"Why?!" I screamed. I mean, really, can't a girl just go to her room and relax or sleep. I mean first, I have no idea why Austin ditched me today... all he said was 'pack business', but oh c'mon; I'm the goddamn Luna, don't I get to know stuff too?
"Sweetie, Austin ordered us specifically to do not let you in." She replied, face emotionless.
"That fucktard is gonna get a piece of me later." I muttered under my breath, as I headed for the kitchen.
Screw sleeping. I need food. Perhaps some ketchup chips, pickles dipped in peanut butter... a nice big deluxe pizza…ew but kind of sounds nice right now. Usually I hate those food products though. Groaning, I heaved myself up and sat on the island that was in the middle of the kitchen. Sure it wasn’t really safe but who the hell’s gonna stop me.
Rubbing my eyes, I heard a glass cup clink. I opened one eyelid to see Lara pouring her glass of apple juice, as she prepared some milk to reheat for the twins.
"Is the cravings taking over again?" she asked as she swirled the milk that was in Harmony's baby bottle.
I nodded sighing. Sometimes I wish our wolves wouldn't try to take over all the time, and make everything a bit more difficult.
"Just eat what you crave, it's not like it'll last any longer... I mean the babies are gonna come out soon anyways." She said, handing me a bag of chips from the cupboard.
Babies…twins. I’m currently pregnant with twins! In the beginning, I always thought I was only pregnant with one child, but when I went for a checkup a little while after the ‘fight’, the doctor had informed me and Austin bout my stage of pregnancy, and what would be coming up. I can’t even imagine the pain I would have to go through. I had a little talk with Jez after her baby and she was about cussing about even thinking about the pain of giving birth to her Anthony. Since she only had one child, I’m assuming I would go through probably double the amount of pain. Remind me to always get in bed, fully dressed... then Austin won't think of anything again, then there'll be a smaller chance I'd ever get pregnant again. I mean really, I don't want to handle any more than two kids.
"Sometimes I wish life could go back a few years, and everything could just restart and become a happy ending," I huffed, as I ripped the top of the chip bag open. "Want one?" I offered, sticking out the bag to Lara.
She shook her head and smiled, "Keep it to yourself."
"Your loss." I chirped digging in. Man these taste terrible, yet good.
"Yeah... I've said the same to you when I was carrying the twins." She stated grinning.
"I know... Oh do you have any idea what Austin's been doing today?" I asked, swallowing the chip.
She smiled lightly, "I do but I can't tell you his... orders."
"And I order you to tell me!" I screamed. Crap. "No. I'm sorry. I didn't mean-"
"It's alright," she assured me, placing the bottles down to hug me. "I get that you hate not knowing things, but I promise this is something worth waiting for."
"What could possibly-" I was about to continue talking, but then Austin suddenly showed up at the door of the kitchen. "Austin! You ass! What were you doing and what secret are you keeping from me!?"
He smirked at me running his thumb over my lips. "Not telling."
"Why?" I asked pouting.
After totally forgetting that Lara was still in the kitchen, I heard her giggle and walk out with the baby bottles to feed the twins.
Austin frowned for a second and then relaxed. "You hungry? Let's get lunch."
I shook my head, "Tell me what you were doing, then we'll eat."
He chuckled, shaking his head. "Fat chance. Love, you're not gonna get anything out of me."
My heart fluttered at his words. "Fine then. I won't eat."
"Are we really playing this game?" he asked, smirking as he started shaking his head in disbelief.
I snapped my head at another direction stubbornly.
"Fine then. Don't eat, I'll just go prepare some chicken alfredo pasta and enjoy it all by myself." He said, pretending to sniff the air.
At the sound of chicken alfredo, I wanted to drool. Those are one of my favourites. Dang.
"Well you know... I am kinda hungry... I guess I could eat..."
"You, eat? Nah. I'll just keep it all for myself," he said waving his hand, while he walked over to the fridge to take out some leftover chicken breasts.
I jumped on his back, clutching onto his shirt. "You're making me some!"
"And if I say no?"
"I'll hate you forever."
"I highly doubt it," He muttered while filling a pot with water. "You love me too much."
"Don't flatter yourself." I muttered, letting go of him.
"Oh c'mon, you know it's true." He whispered into my ears, wrapping his arms around my waist.
"Pssh." I whacked his head and started walking to the living room. "Just make the food."
"Yes, your majesty."
I glared at him, "Just go."
I waddled over to the couch, reaching for the remote that was on the table. I failed to do so. I swear this belly of mine is making it impossible for me to do anything. I reached out my arm again, stretching my fingers. Nope. No luck.
"Arg," I huffed frustrated. I give up. I mean really, who knew having three kids in you would make life so much harder.
I closed my eyes and lay back on the couch. I guess I'll just sit here, do nothing, and wait for someone to notice me.
"Can't get the remote?" I peeked open an eye to find Austin smirking.
"Go away." I groaned, pulling a cushion from behind my back to throw at him.
Before I could even wing it across the room, he was beside the TV clicking the 'On' button.
"And Backstrom scores! What a goal by Nicklas Backstrom!" the TV roared.
"Dammit!" I spat covering my ears with the cushions. "Turn it down!"
Austin grinned as he turned the TV volume higher.
"Are you deaf? What part of turn it down do you not get!" I screamed flinching. My poor wolf hearing eardrums are exploding.
"Oh sweetheart. I thought you said turn it up."
I glared at him as he finally turned the volume of the TV down. "You're a jerk."
"But I love you!" he sighed dramatically.
"I wish I could say the same," I joked.
He narrowed his eyes at me, then turned off the TV, leaving me with nothing all over again. A few minutes later he came back out with two plates. "Okay picky picky, get over here and eat your dinner. Then we're going out."
I picked at my nails, scratching off the remaining nail polish that I had on it. "To where?"
"Somewhere..."
"Tell me!" I chirped rushing over to the table.
"No. Now eat," he ordered, pushing my plate over to me.
I placed my nose in the air just above the plate and took a sniff. Mmmm. Smells delicious. The advantage of having a mate that can cook. When you're too lazy to make food, they can make it for you.
Ouch. Are you using me?
"Love you." I chirped, stabbing my fork into the pasta.
"I wish I could say the same..."
"That's my line!" I roared scrunching my nose up.
"Yeah, well now it's mine."
"Screw you." I muttered, putting the pasta in my mouth to munch on.
"You really wanna?" he asked, challenging me.
I scowled at him. "Eat."
 
---Half an Hour Later---
 
"Just let me go change!"
"No, you're fine just the way you are."
"No. Wait. Where are we going? I mean don't I look a little 'fat' to go out. I mean really..."
Austin gave a stern look. "Quit mumbling and let's go... anyways where we're going... it's just gonna be me and you."
Me and him?
"Austin, c’mon, please tell me where we're going." I pleaded wrapping my arms around him, giving him the best puppy dog eyes I could come up with.
"No. Now c'mon to the car, and oh here..." he said as he suddenly blindfolded me.
Dangit.
"B, give me some trust. We'll be there soon anyways," he said as I heard the car engine roar to life.
... we sped off.
After around maybe 15 minutes of driving, I heard the car slowly stop.
“Babe, we’re here. Just sit still and I will help you out.”
“Bu—” Before I could even protest I heard Austin slam his side of the car door shut and my passenger side door, open.
I felt his arm reach over to undo my seatbelt and then carried me out of the car, causing me to giggle continuously.
“Austin, do you have any idea how heavy I am?” I whispered.
“Ssh,” he whispered, putting me down and kissing my cheek as he undid the blindfold.
I blinked a few times. "Austin, it's beautiful." I whispered as I looked around.
We were near the forest, through the trees, just at the perfect spot to see the city view.
“I know you are.”
I gave him a stern look, “That’s plain cliché and cheesy.”
“But Babe, it’s all true.”
I hugged him, wrapping my arms around him, burying my face into the crook of his neck, inhaling his scent like it’s normal air and I depend on it to live.
"Baby girl, you know I love you, right?" he asked, sitting on the hood of his car.
"Yeah, why?" I asked as I sat on the hood of the car too. I hope this thing could hold all this weight, ‘cause, well I have to admit, right now, I'm not the lightest person in the world.
"Nothing..."
I raised an eyebrow at him, while smiling. It's been awhile since we were able to go out without people harassing us about stuff.
"It's not that I don't like this...but why'd you bring me out here?"
He pulled me close to him stroking my cheek, "I just wanted to come out here with you."
I didn't question on, instead I just laid there in his arms. Both of us just staring up to the sky.
 
---
 
Beep. Beep.
"What was that?" I asked Austin as I stretched.
"My phone telling me it's time to bring you home, so you can get some sleep," he replied helping me up.
Awww. He could be so sweet sometimes.
Rolling his eyes at me as if he heard what I was thinking, he opened the passenger door for me. Smiling, I stepped in; with a boost from him.
By the time we got home, it was around 9. I slowly moved my legs, trying to get up the stairs. Instead of helping me like he usually does, Austin dove for the room, zooming past me. Groaning, I held tightly to the railings. Finally when I reached the door, Austin told me to do not go in, right before he went in. He should know by now, I'm not a patient person and I happen to disobey him a lot. So instead of listening I busted the door open. There in the room where it’s usually really dark, candles brightened it up. I looked around for Austin, where’d he go?
“Boo!” he whispered out of nowhere causing me to almost have a heart attack.
“What was that!” I hollered, rubbing my hand over the area where my heart lays beneath; soothing myself.
Suddenly he smiled and bent down, making my heart race again. Was he finally going to propose to me? To answer my question, he brought out a decent sized jewellery box out, much to my disappointment.
“Austin…”
“Shhh.” He hushed as he opened the box. Inside was an elegant looking necklace that seemed to be covered in diamonds. That must’ve cost a fortune! I blinked at him, not knowing what reaction to give him.
“Baby girl, I wanted to give this to you before you a year ago, but I guess I kind of chickened out and decided to let you have your own time for a while.”
I blinked a few more times at him. “It’s past the time of the returning period, isn’t it?”
He bit his lips, “Do you not like it?”
I gasped. “Nonono, nothing like that. It’s just it must’ve cost you so much for that, I can’t accept that!”
He got up and pulled me towards him. “Sweetheart, of course you can accept it. You’re my mate, you’re supposed to be presented with lots and lots of gifts from me.”
“But—”
He silenced me, by pressing his lips to mine. Then reluctantly he pulled away. “Now sweetheart, do you want me to put this on you right now, or do you want later?
As if to answer him, I lifted my hair up. Gently I watch him pick up the necklace and place it around my neck, fidgeting with the clasp to secure it. Afterwards he removed my hands from my hair to release it. Then in a blur I heard him flick a switch on as he turned me around and disappeared again. I became blinded but the lights. On the wall was lights swirled in a way to spell the words:
Marry me. - A
My eyes widened. Speechless once again. So this is what he's been up to all day. Setting up candles, taping stuff to the walls…Austin sure isn't one of those typical guys, who just bends down on his knees and proposes. As if he was expecting my answer, Austin looked nervous. He started pacing around, nibbling on his lips.
"Bev, Marry me. I'll love you and our coming triplets forever. I'll be sure to take care of you. I know I've put you through a lot during the past, but I know my heart desires for you. Denise Beverly Thomas. Be my wife," he whispered into my ears, taking my hands in his. I shivered at his words.
If I asked myself back when I was 15, I would not have come to the conclusion of might becoming married at just the age of 18, but what the hell. I didn't plan on getting pregnant at 17 either, nor did I plan on being mates with an alpha, or ending up falling in love with my best friend's brother. Tears were forming in my eyes, but my voice wouldn't work, so instead of saying yes I nodded. He sighed in relief, and his lips curled into a smile. He pulled a ring out of his pockets and pushed it on my finger.
"I love you," he growled.
"As I love you."
Suddenly a shot of pain hit me.
"Baby, what's wrong?" Austin asked concerned.
I looked down, it was like I'm peeing myself...but I knew what was happening. My water broke.
"Austin, you're gonna be a daddy really really soon, and when I mean soon, I mean--" I stopped, and shifted a little. Not a comfortable position. “—probably within the next hours, depending!" I continued.
He stared at me in shock for a second, then the sound of it finally processed through his brain. "Hoooly shit!"
After those words left his mouth, everything became a blur 'cause he was moving so quickly, calling our family, and getting the car ready...then carrying me to the car. I can already imagine the pain of giving birth to the twins. When they come out, and grow up. I'll be sure to tell Jared, and Brandon about their mommy and daddy's story.
Believe it or not, all this really started with my own soulmate rejecting me...to protect me…Just ‘cause I was Rejected By My Soulmate.


Epilogue
Few Years Later...
 
"Mommy, mommy! Jare and Bran won't gimme toy!" my 4 year old daughter, Hailey whined pointing at her brothers who were trying to act innocent.
I glared at my two five year old boys playfully and put my hands on my hips, "What have I said about being nicer to Hailey?"
Around quite a few months after I gave Birth to my twin boys, Hailey came along. She was completely unexpected but it was a great surprise, and to follow along with that the previous month before she was born, a baby boy was given birth by Madi.
They both looked at me frightened then pointed at each other, "It was his idea!"
When they realized they spoke at the same time, and were pointing at each other, Jared's baby blue eyes and Brandon's hazel brown eyes widened even further.
"What?! Me! No! It was you!" they spat in each other’s faces.
I started laughing at my two boys, they just don't get it. I'm their mother, I see through them like that. I can also see through Hailey and well she only came to me, ‘cause she knows I'm always on her side.
"Honey, I'm home!" Austin shouted from the front door.
"We're in the kitchen," I shouted out, not looking away from the boys.
"I know," he chuckled, as he walked over to me and pecked my lips.
"Eww! Daddy! Mommy has cooties! Don't kiss her!" Jared squealed, gagging, as Brandon followed along.
I looked at the boys shocked, then turned to Austin. "Did you tell them girls had cooties?" I accused, raising an eyebrow at Austin.
"What? No, why would you think that!" he said sarcastically.
I was about to smack Austin at the back of his head, but he ducked just in time, while bringing Hailey up.
"So how's daddy's little girl doing?" he asked nuzzling her neck.
I stared at them in awe. I never thought Austin would've been such a great father to the kids.
Hailey wrapped her tiny arms around my mate's neck, while trying to twirl his short hair with her fingers. Then she pouted.
"Sweetie, what's wrong?" Austin asked, his voice a hundred percent soft.
"Jared and Brandon was being meanies again! They wouldn't give my toy back, then then they stole the last cookie! Daddy, remember how I love cookies! They took every last bit of them! I only had one out of the dozen mommy made! It's not fair!" she complained crying.
I scoffed at the sight in front of me. There's no denying that Hailey is my daughter with her attitude. I used to do the exact same thing, complain to daddy since I was the papa's girl. I would tattle tale on Erik and be a bitch. Yeah so on...yet I was lucky Erik was a forgiving brother, who still looked out for me after everything.
"Sometimes I wish I never had a little sister. They're so annoying. All they ever do a whine, and whine, and whine!" Jared muttered under his breath.
I'm guessing he thought I wouldn't have heard him, but who you kidding? Hello? My hearing's like a wolf's 24/7. At the corner of my eyes I saw Hailey’s eyes widen and her lips tremble. Even though she loves to tell on her brothers, inside she adores them. She looks up to her brothers and hides behind them for protection.
"Jared...c'mon, I wanna talk to you. You also Brandon, go to the living room," I said taking our boy's little hands and leading them to the living room. "Sit."
"Mom--" Brandon started to whine.
"Bran, hush."
Both boys sat on the couch, legs hanging off it, sitting criss crossed, their hands on their laps. What is this, school?
"Boys, I'm not about to give you a lecture about treating your sister properly, ‘cause I know you love her deeply and would be the best big brother’s in the future, and well mommy was once just like Hailey. I know you guys love to hang out with Erik, so I’ll put this out right now. You guys take on after your father and my brother. They both did exactly what you two are doing, but they always protected me from others, and as much as I hate to say; I want you two to take them as a role model…sometimes. Don’t learn their bad habits though, but I think it’s a little late on that, ‘cause you two seem to catch onto a lot of bad stuff of you daddy’s. Anyways just remember to not push Hailey too far."
Both just looked at me, then a smirk grew on Jared's face. "Does taking Uncle Erik as a role model mean being able to hang out with him more often?"
I cracked a smile. These boys, they just love hanging out with Erik, Austin and little Jeremy. It's like every month where the boys all go out, then us girls go out too.
"Well, that would depend if Uncle Erik would want to--"
"Want to what?" a voice asked cutting my sentence.
I turn around to face my brother. "Uncle Erik!" the two chirped jumping up and down.
"Perfect timing. I picked up both boys and shoved them to my brother. "Take them. All yours for today. They're monsters, just creating more trouble for me to deal with."
Erik grinned at the boys, "Guess you two are taking it just like me and your daddy...we weren't the best brothers when we were your age."
"That part you got right," Austin said joining us in the room with Hailey giggling in his arms. She was now munching on a chocolate bar, some smudged in her hair. 
"Awh baby, you're not the cleanest eater in the world, are you?" I cooed at Hailey taking her in my arms, searching for a tissue to wipe off the chocolate splat that was on her white t-shirt. It won't scrub off. Damn. There goes the sesame street t-shirt...it was cute!
Hailey didn't reply and just gave her chocolate bar another, bite then offered it to me. After the parts that have melted, the chocolate just didn't seem to be appetizing. "No thanks sweetheart. Keep it to yourself." She shrugged as if it was my loss and munched on it again.
I looked back and forth between the boys in my brother's arms and Hailey who was in mine. "Second thought bro, you take Hailey to yours to play with Harmony, and I keep the boys."
"Moooom," the boys whined. Dammit.
I bit my lips, looking at Hailey. Fine then. I shoved her back to Austin. "Here you take care of her, I would rather not deal with these 3 monsters for the next hour. Tata! Love you!" I chirped, picking up my handbag, keys and shoes.
I heard my brother and Austin groan and complain as I slipped my feet into my flats then walked out the door. This is what I do every second day. Leave the kids to Austin and walk out for some girls’ time....except for the part where Erik wasn't supposed to suddenly walk in; now he just has to deal with the kids with Austin, while I go hang out with his wife. No...second thought... I stepped into my car, then dug into my bag for my phone. Aha.
Beep. Beep.
"Hello," my sister-in-law greeted.
"Lara, come over to my house right now, and bring the kids. We're going out, and the kids will be under the watchful eyes of our husbands tonight."
"You're trusting them to take care of five kids under your roof? Women, you're brave. Just watch it. Your house is gonna buuurn down."
"I highly doubt it. Now c'mon! Time's ticking! Oh and call Madi on the way and make sure she brings Blake and Aid with her! Which will make three pairs of watchful eyes, and six kids!" I once again chirped.
"Kay, kay," she replied, then hung up.
Just a few minutes after the phone call ended, I heard a car screeching by. I looked up to find that it was Lara driving completely insane with her two kids in the back. As they came to a stop right behind my car
“Auntie Beverly! Auntie Bev!”
I smiled and walked towards Jeremy’s side of the door and flung it open, “Hey there Jer. Hey Harmony. Come on out and let’s get you guys inside. Your father’s already in there. Now go go go.”
Grinning, Jeremy unbuckled his seatbelt, struggling with it a bit when it caught in his car seat, but got out. Same with Harmony. Hurriedly, Lara went to the trunk of her car and brought out some bags, then nudged her kids towards the front of my house. It’s better for us to not have to explain to Austin and Erik ourselves, why they’ve suddenly just gotten more kids to look after.
 
---
 
Half an hour later, all three of us were at the mall, sipping on our smoothies.
"Few years ago, I wouldn't have imagined myself ever finding my mate, getting married, and well having a four year old son," Madi muttered staring at no one or nowhere in particular.
Yeah. Madi's a mother of a three year old boy who currently I suspect likes Hailey, but I’ve got no problems with that and I don’t think Austin does either. I mean if they grow up as mates we’d be more than happy too. I mean we’ve watched little Blake grow up, so we would be able to know very well what kind of boy he is and whether he is good for Hailey or not.
"Well few years ago, I wouldn't have even given a second thought to having a kid at all. I always thought me and Erik could just live a long life, you know no kids bothering us, but now that I have Harmony and Jeremy, I can't say I regret having them."
I sighed and took another sip of my strawberry-banana milkshake. "Few years ago...I thought I was to never forgive Austin, but look where I'm at right now..."
We all took another sip of my smoothies and sighed.
"Lots have changed during the past years...wonder what'll happen in the next though," Madi said rubbing her chin.
"Don't even bother trying to think, life goes on unexpected."


###

About the Author

Justine is a young teen with a dream of developing better writing in her future. Right now she sits in high school, writing for her hobby and maintaining an A average in her courses. She lives in the lower mainland of British Columbia, Canada.

If you wish to contact her please, go to Twitter:http://twitter.com/justinel1999
