Resisting
Amy
By Morgan Rayne
Copyright 2014 by Morgan Rayne
Smashwords Edition

This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organizations and events described in this novel are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.


Dedication


To my sister from another mister, Carly. Without you I can truly say this book would not have gotten finished, therefore I dedicate this to you. When I wanted to give up you gave me the kick in the ass I needed, encouraged and inspired me, and I’m honored to call you my friend.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Prologue


September…three months earlier.

What am I doing here? Amy asked herself for what felt like the millionth time since entering the swanky penthouse apartment in the sky.
She knew there were a dozen reasons her being where she was, seeing who she was seeing, was a bad idea: breaking a promise to her family, self-preservation, self-respect. The list was endless. And with every passing minute, Amy could feel her soul being darkened by the betrayal.
Yet, there she was. Standing on a balcony twenty stories above Grant Park, watching a thunderstorm roll in while Andrew Hammel, the man who only six years earlier had nearly cost Amy everything––including her life––was inside getting her a drink.
Christ, when had her life gotten so complicated again? 
For years, all Amy had focused on was rebuilding her life into something both she and her family could be proud of. Only now, after one chance encounter at a bar four nights ago, she was putting all of her hard work in jeopardy––and for what? Knowing wasn’t going to change anything.
The wind blew stronger as the first drops of rain started to fall and her mind began to drift, the sound of the storm the perfect accompaniment to the mirage, as all at once she was transported back in time. Back to the night that one party, one lake, one…man, changed her life forever.
Amy closed her eyes and she was in that mansion on Fox Lake. Unknowingly wasting the last precious hours of her eighteen-year-old life, with drugs on one hand and a drink in the other...



It was the first weekend in August, and Amy’s summer long drug and alcohol binge had landed her at a party thrown by a friend of Andrew’s, whose parents were in Europe for the season.
High on a pre-party cocktail of cocaine and X––lovingly supplied by her boyfriend, who’d conveniently disappeared shortly after they’d arrived due to yet another argument on the way over––Amy was doing her best to forget everything because, somehow, in the span of just a few short months, she’d gone from a bright and energetic, straight-laced cheerleader with a big personality and even bigger dreams, to someone who couldn’t even get out of bed in the morning without doing a line or popping a pill.
Worse yet, she hadn’t seen or spoken to her family more than a handful of times the last couple of months, too embarrassed to let them see what had become of their little girl. But the guilt and shame she felt couldn’t penetrate her euphoric fog that night. 
She twirled, feeling as though she could soar through the sky like a majestic unicorn, sprinkling love and happiness across the land.
“You want another bump?” the host of the party, Travis, asked, holding out a straw.
“Are you kidding? I’m already flying.” She waved off the freshly chopped line of coke and weaved her way through the crowd to the makeshift dance floor in the living room.
Loud music vibrated the floor beneath her feet, mixing with the excess energy pulsing through her body, and she started to move. The concept of time escaping her as she swayed and danced, accepting more shots and swapping saliva with men and women alike, loving everyone and feeling loved in return.
After a while, pleasure curled tight and hot in her belly from all the sensations, and she staggered out to the deck to see if she could find Andrew. Mad or not, she was horny and he was the only person she wanted to scratch that particular itch.
Dozens of people crowded the wooden structure and sprawling lawn below that ended at a beach tucked away in a private cove. All of the guests she could see were in various stages of undress––bikinis, underwear, nothing at all––but it was the red and khaki colored blur coming out of the boathouse straightening his clothes that made her face flame.
Amy squinted her bleary eyes, trying her best to get them to focus as she pin-balled off several other partygoers on her way down the steps. But when she finally managed to get her feet on solid ground, anger caused her steps to falter. So much so that she nearly fell into the pool when she noticed a second smaller blur exiting the boathouse in much the same way as the first.
How could he?
She didn’t know how long she stood there, too stunned by the sight to take another step, but the Ecstasy induced happy was a distant memory and the obviously female blur had already disappeared by the time she got her feet moving again, staggering across the yard to the dock.
“Hey, babe. I’ve been looking for you. Are you having a good time?” Andrew asked without a hint of remorse; even had the nerve to try and pull her in for a kiss.
“Obviously not as good as you.” She shoved him away, hands straining with the urge to slap the two-timing bastard. “I want to leave. Now!”
He gave her one of those looks most parents reserved for an over dramatic child, then checked the flashy hunk of circular gold on his wrist. “We’ve only been here an hour. Don’t be so selfish. Just take another hit and you’ll be fine.”
 “So that’s how you do it, huh?” she asked, eyes narrowed. “Keep me drugged so you can go around sticking your dick in everything that moves. King Andrew can’t get his way with his girlfriend, so he goes around looking for others that will kiss his ring. How many others have there been, or can you even count that high?”
“You ungrateful bitch.” Andrew got in her face; eyes blood shot, pupils dilated. Much, how she thought, hers would appear if she looked in a mirror. “You have no idea how much pussy I’ve turned down because of you this summer, including tonight. So why don’t you stop with the ‘poor me’ jealousy routine and just be glad I continue to keep someone like you around.”
“Someone like me? You arrogant son of a bitch!” His words were like throwing gasoline on an already raging fire, and Amy snapped.
Lunging forward, she succeeded in getting a piece of the bastard, only to have him step out of the way and jerk the arm she’d grabbed free, sending her stumbling.
The space around her shifted and contorted, her body fighting for balance with every step, but it was too late. She looked up, barely a glimpse of the support pole making it into her line of sight before her head made contact and the world around her faded to black.
When she came to––groggy, cold, and in pain––everything was wet and she was having a hard time catching her breath. Each inhale allowed more and more water to fill her mouth and nose, while the drugs and alcohol pummeling her system made her arms and legs practically useless against the increasing pressure of water above and below her.
No! This can’t be the end, she pleaded. Praying for whatever higher power there may be to save her, she fought the suctioning pull at her back with all her might, but her slight, weakened body just didn’t have the energy.
And as the opaque, murky water became darker, and her ability to fight grew weaker still, Amy gargled out, what she thought would be her last words, a final apology to her family…
“I’m sorry.”



A ground-shaking crack of thunder boomed through the sky, shaking loose a startled gasp from Amy. Eyes flying open, she looked around wildly, the wetness on her arms and cheeks making the flashback all too real, and she briskly wiped the rain from her skin.
Feeling that familiar tightness begin to constrict her throat, Amy took a moment to relax and just breathe.
I fought. I survived. I’m alive. I fought. I survived. I’m alive.
She repeated her personal mantra, the very source of strength she’d relied on since rehab to keep the demons of that summer at bay. And as she did, Amy felt the tension in her muscles start to loosen.
All these years later and those broken pieces were still the only bits of memory she could recall before waking up in the hospital the next day to find her mom, dad, and brother all huddled together at her bedside. Crying.
Icy fingers of guilt, shame, and embarrassment quickly took hold, fueling the severe depression and intense cravings associated with withdrawal, both in the hospital and during the first few weeks of Amy’s time at the New Hope Treatment Center.
But with the support of doctors and nurses, her family and true friends, she made it through. Emerging from rehab four months later a much stronger, more resilient person, who was ready to take the second chance life had given her and run with it.
And run with it she had. After taking a year off to focus on herself and getting back to who she used to be pre-Andrew, Amy was finally ready to get on with the rest of her life and decided going back to school would be a great first step.
So one night, after a lot of research and thought, she sat her parents down and told them her new goal: Nursing School. The doctors and nurses that, for all intents and purposes, had saved Amy’s life had really inspired her to want to make a difference, and Nursing School was going to be her way of paying that gift of life forward.
Four and a half years of clinicals, study sessions, and long nights allowed Amy to walk across that stage at graduation back in August, filled with a sense of accomplishment and pride as her family looked on. A pride that, until an hour ago when she pulled out of her parent’s driveway, she didn’t think could ever be diminished.
Amy moved away from the wall, warring with herself over what to do, when the sliding glass door whooshed open and Andrew joined her once again.
“Sorry it took me so long,” he began, placing the tray of margarita supplies down on the patio table. “I couldn’t remember where my housekeeper stored the glass-rimmer.”
Dressed in nude cargo shorts and a pale yellow shirt that really accentuated his deep tan, Andrew appeared as though he should be on his way to a Ralph Lauren photo shoot, instead of pouring a drink for a former flame on a stormy Wednesday summer night.
Why can’t he be like one of those exes you see years later and say, “Woo, dodged a bullet there” instead of this Thor-like god of a man, Amy wondered, trying hard to ignore the way his shirt clung to his well-defined biceps and chest. The years had definitely been good to him. Damn it.
A few strands of his blonde locks rose and fell with the gusting wind, landing messily on his forehead. Andrew lifted the now full glasses from the tray and held one out in offering.
“Now, where were we?”
Feeling as though she was about to step off a very dangerous ledge, a fall she knew she had no chance coming out of unscathed, Amy took a moment to absorb what was happening. Letting her attention drift from her emotions, to Andrew, to the pink margarita in his hand with what looked like sugar on the rim instead of salt––her favorite––she knew what she had to do.
Ignoring the offering, Amy took a deliberate step toward the balcony door.
“I’m sorry. I can’t do this.” She scooped up her purse, mind, body, and soul reeling as she wiggled her flip-flops back onto her feet. “I shouldn’t have come here.”
Amy’s hand was resting on the metal handle, ready to pull, when she was forced to stop. Not by hands or physical contact of any kind, but by a single word whispered so softly she barely heard it over the rain pounding on the balcony roof.
“Amy.”
The rawness in Andrew’s voice as he said her name caught Amy right in the solar plexus and she cursed, hating the hold he still had on her after so much time passed.
Only now it was worse because she knew that he’d hurt her, and yet it didn’t seem to matter.
It should, though.
After all the pain and misery and fucking radio silence of the last six years, the last person Amy should want to be within a hundred miles of was Andrew Hammel. She should want to yell and scream and tell him where he could shove his remembering her favorite drink, but she couldn’t muster up the words or make herself move any further away.
Instead, Amy lifted her head and watched Andrew where he stood, frozen in place.
“I came here looking for answers. That’s it. I’m not interested in reminiscing or what used to be,” she said, slanting her gaze to the drinks he still held, then back up to look him straight in the eye. “Not anymore.”
Andrew was quiet for several seconds, the little-boy-lost look disappearing from his eyes as he blew out an unsteady breath; looking less than one hundred and ten percent confident for the first time since Amy met him all those years ago.
Caught off guard, she thought, as he placed the drinks back on the tray. That was until the faintest hint of a smile lifted his lips, and Amy could only narrow her eyes, glaring at him in annoyance.
“What?”
Andrew shrugged, smirked. “I was just thinking how much I like this new you. You’re all sassy and authoritative. I gotta say…it’s kind of hot.”
Amy balked and rolled her eyes. “Yeah, well, I’m not the same person you knew back then, so whatever thoughts are bouncing around inside that ego inflated brain of yours can just fall by the wayside, because I’m not the same inexperienced eighteen year old anymore. I’ve changed, and it’s definitely been for the better.”
“I can see that,” he conceded, appearing unaffected by her brazenness. “Even from our brief conversation at the bar the other night I could tell you were different, stronger somehow and a lot more self-assured. Like I said, it’s a very attractive quality. Not that you haven’t always been attractive, of course.”
“Of course,” she said, mockingly.
Giving the door one more cursory look, Amy lowered herself into one of the lounge chairs and gave Andrew a warning stare as he did the same.
“How about you?”
“How about me, what?” he asked, idly.
Needing to be on equal playing field, Amy emulated his relaxed posture and tilted her head. “Have you changed?”
And there it was, the elephant in the room. The question she’d been dying to ask, but not sure she should seeing as it was really none of her business what he did or didn’t shove up his nose these days.
She expected him to brush her question aside or play dumb. He did neither.
In fact, other than an increased rigidity in his posture, Andrew’s demeanor didn’t change much at all as he settled back deeper into his chair and cleared his throat.
“Get clean or lose it all,” he began, tone reminiscent with a hint of bite. “After getting the call from the cops that night, my parents sent our driver to retrieve me. I thought he was just going to take me home, but when I slid into the backseat there was a suitcase on the floorboard with a charming little note attached.”
“Get clean or lose it all?”
Andrew nodded. “I opened the envelope and inside was what I guess you could call an ultimatum, but to me it felt more like blackmail. Basically, it said I would do exactly what they said, go where they wanted me to go, or they would dissolve my trust fund, donate the money, and that would be that. I called my Dad immediately.”
“And?”
“His only words were ‘So, what’s your decision?’ We had words, but knowing my dad, I knew he was never going to back down, so I told him what he wanted to hear, he read me the full list of conditions, and I was taken to the airport. He arranged for me to start at Columbia a few weeks late, but I made it through treatment and haven’t had anything stronger than a Tylenol since.”
Amy watched, waited, and when it didn’t appear Andrew was going to say anything more on the subject, swallowed past the lump in her throat and asked, “What were the other conditions?”
Deep frown lines appeared around the corners of his mouth. “I had to cut all ties. He said if I attempted to see you or even make contact that was it. The money would be gone and he wouldn’t be there to make the police and everything else go away if there was a next time. I know it was wrong and selfish, but at the time I wasn’t in a position to fight him either. Not having any other choice, I agreed to his terms.”
“You always have a choice, Andrew,” Amy said, her voice much stronger than she thought it would be after hearing such a confession. “You could have chosen to defy your father, just like I could have said no to the drugs and alcohol.”
“True. But when money’s all you’ve known, the thought of not having it is a pretty powerful negotiating tool.”
“I wouldn’t know, but,” she took a breath, shrugged, “what’s done is done. You made your choices, and I made mine. All I care about now is the truth. My memory of that night and the police reports are splotchy at best, which I guess given what you just said explains part of that, but I’m here now. No cops, no parents, just you, me, and the truth. So please, tell me what really happened on the dock that night? All the dreams and questions have surfaced again after seeing you the other night, and I would really like to be able to put it all behind me once and for all.”
Andrew exhaled, long, low, and heavy. “Are you sure that’s what you want? Because you have to understand, what you’re looking for, I might not be able to give you.”
“What do you mean?”
“What I mean is I can remember what we took, the arguments we had, hell, even the clothes you were wearing, but I have absolutely no idea how you ended up in the water that night.”
“I fell.” The pieces were fuzzy, but Amy was adamant. “I lost my balance when you shrugged me off and I hit my head.”
Andrew nodded. “Yes, but when I walked back to the party, you were still on the dock. Moaning and whimpering and holding your head, but very much alive and dry. That’s why I couldn’t believe it when I saw…saw…” Andrew paused, making unruly tunnels through his hair.
“Saw what?” Amy pushed.
“You!” He leaned forward, head in both hands now. “God, Amy, you have no idea what it was like. Seeing you lying on that beach, blue and lifeless, while a pre-med student that, thank fuck, was at the party tried to revive you. I was getting a drink when someone screamed that a girl was pulled from the water, and I knew. I knew it was you and I took off back down the hill.” Now he looked up, confused and angry. “How the hell did you get there? You were fine. I swear you were fine when I walked away.”
So many things raced through her mind, with zero idea how to process them all. If what Andrew said was true, then Amy had spent the last six years blaming the wrong person and what happened to her might truly have been an accident.
Then something Andrew said echoed in her ears and she surged to her feet. “You left me there!” she shouted. “You knew I was hurt, maybe even bleeding, and you left me on that dock. I probably tried to get up and being so dazed, fell into the water. What the hell is wrong with you? How could you have just walked away like that?” Amy’s voice trembled on the last question.
Andrew stood now, too, back ramrod straight, stiff with defensiveness. “You say that like I haven’t beaten myself up wondering the exact same thing over the years. I fucked up. Is that what you want to hear? Will that make everything magically better? No? I didn’t think so.”
Amy’s mouth gaped a bit, but nothing came out.
“You act like I was the only one messed up and not thinking clearly back then. Take a good long look in the mirror before you try and convict me of a crime we’re both guilty of.”
She stood there, the thunder, lightning, and rain whirling through the air no match for her own precarious emotions. Andrew may not have done the right thing, but as much as she hated to admit it, he was right. She needed to accept some responsibility for what happened as well.
Never one to admit when she was wrong, Amy finally saw past the haze of emotions that had been clouding her judgment for years and she had to turn away.
Looking out toward the bluish-gray water of Lake Michigan, she sighed. “You’re right. We both should have done things differently.” Andrew was now standing beside her, forearms supported on the railing. “I’m just not sure where that leaves us now.”
And that was the truth. No matter how Amy sliced it, there was no way she could have Andrew back in her life, even as a friend, without hurting her family. And hurting them was the absolute last thing she ever wanted to do again. So why couldn’t she bring herself to walk away? It certainly hadn’t been a problem for Andrew all those years ago, so why was it for her?
Amy glanced to the side and found Andrew watching her, a desire and intensity she knew all too well dancing in those pools of aqua blue, and she shook her head.
“It’s not going to lead us there, Richie Rich. I already told you. Not. Interested.” She tried to put as much conviction in her tone as she could, but when Andrew moved closer, pushing a strand of hair off her face, tucking it behind her ear just as the first twinkling stars began peeking through the cloud darkened sky, Amy wasn’t sure who she was trying harder to convince, him or herself.
Andrew’s finger slowly slid down her cheek. “You sure about that?”
Amy’s heart lurched dangerously under his knowing stare. God, she only had to breathe and the contact of their bodies would probably draw out a whimper of need. She had to get out of there. Maybe call one of the dozen or so numbers she kept on hand that would put her in contact with a man more than willing to provide Amy with the purely physical release she needed and desired.
“I should go.”
Only this time, when she made a move for the door, Andrew followed. Touching her lips and cheek with the tips of his fingers, the exploring touches completely stealing what was left of her voice.
 “Stay,” he insisted, and feathered his mouth across hers, so gentle for a moment, teasing, making her want desperately, then diving in for a hungrier, more aggressive kiss when her lips yielded beneath his.
That damn stay, and the initial gentle touch of lips, aimed straight at feelings long ago buried, effectively slamming a lid on every valid reason she had to turn and run.
And with her back––literally––against the wall, Amy finally surrendered…





Chapter One


Present Day

Early morning commuters left wisps of exhaust in the haze over the road like haunted beings, while leaves, colored with the essence of an all-but-forgotten fall, crunched beneath her feet. Amy took a deep breath in, the cool winter air carrying a hint of snow as it rushed into her nose and out in white puffs through her mouth, the harsh, bitter cold piercing her lungs like slivers of glass.
One mile turned into two, then three. Her muscles burned and her calves ached, but Amy continued to push, needing the temporary exhaustion and clear mind that would follow her five mile morning run through the quiet North side Chicago neighborhood.
Today she was working a double, the price of needing the next three days off, but one she was more than willing to pay because in a little over two days, Amy and Cooper’s childhood friend, Alex, and his very pregnant fiancée, Stella, were set to tie the knot in what was once known as Cinderella’s Ballroom. A celebration Amy refused to miss; couldn’t, seeing as she was one of the three bridesmaids standing up for the happy couple on their special day.
Neighbors turned best friends, Alex and Stella’s friends to lovers romance was definitely one for the ages. For years they kept their feelings for one another secret, too afraid of losing the best friendship either of them had ever had. Then, nearly a year ago, thanks to a few not-so-nice people coming back into Stella’s life, three years of friendship turned into a one-of-a-kind love Amy could only hope to find for herself one day.
Now the former best friends were getting married, starting a family, buying a house. It was all so perfect. They were perfect, as much separate as together, and it was going to be a beautiful wedding. That is, as long as the bride doesn’t go into labor between now and then, Amy thought, ruefully.
Poor Stella. The last time Amy saw her she looked miserable, ready to pop, but she was determined not to let that baby out before she and Alex said ‘I do’ so it was definitely going to be interesting to see who was going to win: Stella and her will, or the baby.
Smiling with thoughts of the weekend ahead, Amy continued on, admiring the lights and ornaments for the upcoming Christmas holiday that adorned lawns and trees alike. Scenery a person couldn’t get by running on a treadmill, which made it the perfect backdrop, and the reason Amy continued to brave the frigid conditions instead of moving her exercise routine indoors.
At the end of the next block, the beautifully restored Victorians and Brownstones of the historic community gave way to shops and businesses. Amy looked left then right, crossing the street at Sparks and Madison, iconic Ripley Field looming behind her. She detoured from her route and jogged to the café on the corner. Desperate for warmth, Amy placed an order for a pumpkin spice latte and a slice of banana nut bread when she reached the counter before finding an empty chair tucked away in the corner. Isolated. Just how she felt lately.
You only have yourself to blame came that little voice again as she took a seat. Amy told it to fuck off. Like every time she walked past Cooper and saw the look of disappointment in his eyes wasn’t enough of a reminder of how royally she’d screwed up. Now her damn conscience wouldn’t let her forget it either.
Amy settled into the worn leather chair and popped a piece of bread into her mouth. Wishing, as she had so many times since August, for a time machine that would allow her to go back and undo all the mistakes she’d made.
A continuation of her stupidity was what she got instead…

~

She tried to listen to the detective, answer his questions, but Cooper’s refusal to look at her from his position by the wall felt like a drop of corrosive acid was burning a hole straight through her chest, making it hard to concentrate on anything except the Grand Canyon sized rift between them.
Honestly, what the hell had she been thinking?
Guilt over her many lies and mistakes the last two months where her family and friends were concerned reared its ugly head, answering Amy’s question with mockery.
Karma was a real bitch.
“Miss Wilde? Are you all right? Do you need a minute?”
“No.” She shook her head, never taking her eyes off her brother as she silently pleaded with him to forgive her, getting nothing but a cold, resistant glare in return.
Amy shifted her attention back to the detective. “No, I’m okay. Sorry. You were saying?”
“Calls? Phone records indicate Mr. Hammel tried to make contact with you several times in the hours leading up to his time of death. However, each call was extremely short, less than thirty seconds. Can you explain that?”
“They were short because I never answered. Andrew wanted to talk. I didn’t.”
“Do you know what Mr. Hammel was so desperate to talk to you about?” Detective York asked.
“Andrew and I had been seeing each other for a couple of months,” Amy admitted, the truth leaving a horrible taste in her mouth and a knot in her stomach. “Saturday morning we were spending time together when his father called. They started arguing about work, which was nothing new, and he took the call into the other room so I wouldn’t have to listen. After a while I didn’t hear anything, became concerned, and went to check on him. I found him in the bathroom with his nose to a mirror. Those calls and messages were his attempt to get me to forgive him. I refused.”
“So you weren’t aware Mr. Hammel might have had a drug problem?”
“Absolutely not. In his past, yes, but when we reconnected he swore to me that that life was behind him.”
“What time Saturday morning would you say you left?”
“Nine-thirty or so.”
Detective York tapped his notebook several times with his pen, thinking, possibly mentally calculating. “And you never saw or spoke to Mr. Hammel again after that?”
“No.” Maybe if I had Andrew would still be alive, she thought, the guilt eating her alive. “I came home, changed, and went to a baby shower near Schaumburg. I didn’t get home until late Saturday night. The next time I left was to go to work early yesterday morning.”
“I see. Well, as you may have read, Mr. Hammel’s death is being treated as an overdose, but since this is a high profile case, I need to know if you have anyone that can corroborate what you just told me?”
Amy looked to her brother. He didn’t even spare her a glance, but instead, spoke directly to York.
“Amy rode with me and my girlfriend, Victoria Howe, to and from the shower. We got back around eleven Saturday night, and I heard her moving around again about five in the morning.”
“I’m going to need Miss Howe’s contact information.”
Cooper provided it, somewhat begrudgingly.
More notes, a few more questions. Then, seemingly satisfied with all the information, Detective York stood. “Thank you, Mr. Wilde; ma’am. I think I have everything I need. If there are anymore questions I’ll be in touch, but I’m confident this should wrap up the last of our loose ends.” Cooper shook the detective’s hand, gave her one more scathing look, and left the room. An ice sculpture would have been warmer.
“Sorry about that. My brother wasn’t Andrew’s biggest fan and didn’t know we were still in contact,” Amy explained with an apologetic smile, walking the detective to the door.
“I understand. Thank you again, Miss Wilde,” York said, stepping into the hall. “I’m sorry for any disruption my visit has caused.”
“It’s okay. After I saw the story, I figured I’d be getting a visit from someone in law enforcement.” And the reason she’d went ahead and spilled the beans about her affair with Andrew to her brother the night before.
To say Cooper was pissed was an understatement, but seeing as she had no way of undoing what she’d done, Amy was just going to have to live with whatever consequences were laid on her and hope he forgave her.
“Well, I’ve taken up enough of your time. Like I said, I’ll be in touch if needed. Try and enjoy the rest of your day, miss.” 
Amy’s plastered on smile and keeping-it-together demeanor held out just long enough for her to say a quick goodbye and close the door before her legs finally gave out and she sank to the floor, feeling gutted.
Not only had she possibly destroyed her relationship with her brother forever, but also, with yesterday’s headline flashing behind her eyelids whenever they closed, Amy couldn’t catch a break from the pain. She pulled her knees to her chest and sobbed.
Tragedy Strikes Chicago’s Elite. Andrew Hammel, Son of Renowned Architect Fredrick Hammel, Dead at 25.

~

Inside the C&G Café, a rise in noise level drew Amy out of the doom and gloom of that day and into the present. Andrew had been dead nearly a month, and with no subsequent visits from Detective York, the nightmare was officially––with the closing of the case last week––behind her. Even if Cooper had yet to fully forgive her for what she’d done.
He just needs more time, Amy reminded herself, and tossed her cup and mostly uneaten bread in the trash.
Outside, the frigid winter air blasted her in the face, forcing Amy to pull the coat she wore more tightly around her slender body as she walked the remaining three blocks back to Spring Towers South.
Once home, Amy flicked through the colorful array of scrubs hanging in her closet, trying to find the most comfortable pair to get her through what promised to be her most hellacious shift at the hospital yet, and headed for the bathroom.
Placing her scrubs next to the sink, Amy moved to the tub and began filling it. She still had a couple hours before she had to leave for work, which left her plenty of time to pacify her sore muscles with a long, relaxing soak, and to mentally prepare for the sixteen hours of chaos that would most certainly await her at St. Vincent Medical Center’s Emergency Room later.
Buzz.
She stripped off her exercise clothes, catching a glimpse of the text message lighting up her screen as she chucked the dirty items into the hamper.

Hey, it’s Ray. Whiskey Den later? My treat ;)

She very quickly typed out a refusal, err reply.

Can’t. Working a double. Sorry

 Which thankfully wasn’t a lie considering they worked together and he could easily verify the information. Then Amy wondered why she cared if she lied to Ray or not. It wasn’t as though they were anything more to each other than colleagues that frequently crossed paths at their place of employment, with one of them––Ray––being incapable of taking a hint when the other––Amy––nicely turned him down.
She rolled her eyes at the absurdity of her dilemma and finally hit send. Her phone buzzed almost immediately.

:(

“Seriously?” What grown man actually used a pouty face?
Amy ignored the juvenilely pathetic message from the overly persistent lab tech she’d regretfully given her number to during a moment of weakness, or insanity, as she’d now come to think of it, and slipped into the welcomed warmth of the water.
Thirty seconds later, the rhythmic pulse of the jets and soothing scent of peppermint bath oil pushed a sigh––half groan, half satisfaction––past her lips, making her forget everything except how totally Zen her body was becoming as she closed her eyes and floated in peace.

––––

Amy hit the save button on the computer at the nurse’s station, the groan as Amy stretched her arms high above her head barely scratching the surface of how much her body ached and throbbed, especially in places she hadn’t even known existed until today.
“You look about as lively as a starving zombie on The Walking Dead.”
Amy gave the newest addition to the emergency room’s nursing staff a tired grin. “Good, maybe that means I’ll make it past the radiology lab without getting drooled on for once.”
“Not likely.” Paige Newberry, another RN whose spunky and outgoing personality was nearly identical to Amy’s scoffed, as she continued to restock the medical cart for next shift. “Captain Creepy is like a dog in heat whenever women are around, but after being here for two weeks, I’ve noticed his red rocket only truly comes out for you.”
“Ew.” Amy gagged. “I did not need that visual, thank you very much. Just for that newbie, all enemas from now on are coming your way.”
“Ah, damn.”
Amy laughed and left a pretend pouting Paige to finish up what she was doing, ready to get out of there and begin her three blessed days off.
The showers loomed in the distance like a beacon in the dark when she entered the employee’s lounge, but after an unattractive growl from her stomach Amy found the vending machines to be a more appealing option and changed directions.
Minus the granola bar she’d managed to scarf down between traumas, Amy hadn’t eaten anything in––according to the clock––almost ten hours, and her stomach was making it’s unhappiness known.
Torn between a breakfast sandwich in the refrigerated machine and a bag of her favorite vanilla crème cookies in the other, Amy inserted her money, avoiding the reflection in the Plexiglas as her selection dropped down, fearing Paige’s assessment of her looks was probably fairly accurate at this point.
“Hey, Wilde.”
Crap. She claimed her sandwich and reluctantly turned toward the voice and the person attached to it.
“Hi, Ray.” Amy forced a smile, mentally groaning as the overwhelming stench of his funky breath enveloped the air around her, singeing her nose hairs. “What are you doing here? I figured you had the night off since you were going out.”
Ray Adams, a.k.a Captain Creepy, pushed his thick black frames back up his nose. “Hospital called and needed someone to fill in, so here I am. I’d still be up for going out if you’ve changed your mind, though. It could be fun,” he sing-songed. “Or we could get something to eat. I know this great little all night diner…”
Not on your life… “Paige!” Amy nearly fainted in relief. “Sorry Ray, but I really need to talk to Paige before I leave, and as you can see I’ve already got eating covered.” She backed away. “Have a good night.”
Trying not to break out in a full-blown sprint, Amy hurried across the room to the new girl, latching onto her arm. “Keep walking. Go, go, go…”
Paige obliged by walking briskly toward the women’s locker room, but not without looking over her shoulder in the direction Amy had come from, chuckling quietly and humming The Addams Family theme song.
“Stop that! You’re going to make me laugh.”
“The Red Rocket strikes again, I see,” she stated, amused. “You should carry around a rolled up newspaper. Works on my Yorkie, I’m sure it’ll work on Captain Creepy as well.”
“Keep it up and I’ll give you all the catheters, too.”
Paige wrinkled her nose, and once they were safely on the other side of the locker room door, Amy let loose a snicker of her own, shaking her head.
Filling her bag between bites of sandwich, Amy had just finished up clearing out her locker when Paige came around the corner, leaning against the opposite row.
“So now that we’re out of earshot, what did Rover want this time?”
“Rover?” Amy smiled. “Oh, red rocket, dog. I get it.” Funny. “He wanted me to go to some bar, even though I’d already told him no earlier today. But before I could turn him down a second time, he started saying something about going to an all night diner. The whole conversation was really weird and uncomfortable, especially since he wasn’t even supposed to work tonight. It’s almost as if he knew I was going to be here, so he volunteered to come in.”
Amy knew that sounded conceited, but too many red flags were popping up lately where Ray was concerned for her to completely rule it out.
“Hmmm. Do you think you should talk to HR?”
“No.” Amy closed her locker, deciding to forego a shower until she got home. “I don’t want to get him in trouble. I just want him to take a hint and back off. I mean, I feel bad for the guy. I’m the only person around here that doesn’t treat him like he’s got leprosy or something, but good lord.”
Paige followed her to the door, each slipping into their coats. “So tell him you’re seeing someone or that you’re a lesbian. That should make him back off.”
Amy choked on the bite of sandwich in her mouth. “Hell, knowing him, he’d probably ask to join in.”
They both burst into peels of laughter.
“Yeah, you’re probably right.” Paige wiped at her eyes. “At least you’ll be Ray free for the weekend. Wedding, right?”
Amy nodded. “Rehearsal tomorrow, wedding Saturday. Sunday I took for recovery from what I can only imagine will be the mother of all hangovers.” Or maybe I’ll find someone to end my sexual slump and spend all day in bed. Amy liked that idea a lot better. It had only been a month or so since she was last with Andrew, but for someone as sexual as Amy, going without for even that long was like a special form of torture. So, new plan, she resolved. “How about you?”
“I’ll be here.” The imitation noose Paige hung herself with set off another round of giggles, a wicked slice of humor that was cut short by the two flat tires Amy found attached to her car when they reached the employee parking lot a few minutes later.
“You’ve got to be kidding me!”
Silence reigned for a moment, broken by a low whistle. “Damn, Amy! Who’d you piss off?”
“Nobody that I can think of. At least, nobody that would do this.” She squatted down, running her finger along the two-inch long slit in her front driver’s side tire, then stood and eyed the rear one, equally punctured and flat. “Do you see any other cars with damage? Maybe it’s not just mine.”
Both of them looked around, but discouragingly came up empty.
“Great,” Amy growled between chattering teeth. “Just fucking great. This is the last thing I want to deal with right now.”
“So don’t,” Paige said, brushing snow from her coat. “Call security and report the problem, tell them you’ll be back in the morning, and I’ll give you a ride home.”
“I can’t ask you to do that. It’s late. I’m sure you want to get home.”
“First of all, you didn’t ask. I offered,” Paige stated matter-of-factly, rolling her eyes “And secondly, why wait out here in this weather when you don’t have to? A tow truck isn’t going to do you any good this time of night, you need a mechanic, and waiting is silly anyway when I’m already here.”
She had a point, and since Amy was too tired, upset, and cold to argue further, she took one final look at the damage and caved. “A ride would be great. Thanks.”
“Not a problem. Get what you need from your car and let’s get to mine. It’s freezing out here, and you can call while we get warmed up.”
But before she had a chance to make a move one way or the other, a car pulled up beside them, the dark tinted window lowering to reveal Ray’s annoying mug.
“Amy? I saw you standing over here when I got to my car. Is everything okay?”
God, did I break a mirror or something?
“Everything’s fine, Ray. Nothing to worry about.” But he ignored Amy’s assurances, getting out of his car and peering around her, seeing the tires.
“What happened?”
His question and tone caused a prickling of suspicion and her jaw clinched, but just as quickly she shook off the feeling, labeling it as ridiculous. Ray may be persistent and annoying, but from everything she’d seen he was also harmless.
“Probably just some neighborhood kids on Christmas break with too much time on their hands. It’s not a big deal, really.”
“You shouldn’t be out here. It’s clearly not safe. Why don’t I give you a ride home?”
Why don’t I just get in a van with a guy who offers me candy? Harmless or not, Amy wasn’t stupid enough to actually get in a car with the guy.
“Thanks, but I’ve got it covered.” She glanced at Paige, who came forward, linking their arms.
“Yeah, besides, Amy isn’t going home. Are you,” she winked, “baby?”
A couple minutes later, cocooned inside the warmth of Paige’s SUV, Amy was still doing her best to control the laughter that threatened to spill out at the look of utter shock and disbelief on Ray’s face moments ago when Paige called her ‘baby’. She herself had barely controlled a reaction to the endearment at the time. And although her cheeks had to have been a deep dark crimson, Amy found the whole thing priceless, and a much-needed moment of comic relief from her current troubles.
“Amy?”
“Yes, I’m still here.”
“Okay, sorry that took so long.” Security came back on the line after having placed her on hold for several minutes. “So I just talked to the other posts and no other incidents have been reported as of yet, but they’re all going to make an extra set of rounds.” The guard went on to say vandalism in the area was rare, but not completely unheard of and that he would leave a note for the morning supervisor about the incident.
“Thank you,” she said, ending the call. “We can go. Security said there haven’t been other reports, but they’re going to check the area. I’m fine to leave the car here overnight, though, so I’m ready whenever you are.”
“Sounds good. Where am I headed?”
“North on Lake Shore, then I’m just west of Clarendon. The building is on the corner of Windsor and Hazel.” Paige got the SUV moving in that direction, and after a short back and forth with herself, Amy made one more call.
“Hello?”
“Cooper.” She hadn’t expected him to answer. “Sorry I’m calling so late.”
“Are you okay?”
“Oh, uh, yeah. I’m fine. It’s my car that’s the problem.”
“What kind of problem?”
“Flat tires.”
“Tires? As in more than one?”
“Two to be exact.” 
There was a rapid, hushed exchange between Cooper and whom Amy assumed was Victoria, then he returned to the line, his tone monumentally less brusque. “Do you need me to come get you? I can probably be there in about fifteen minutes.”
She very nearly dropped the phone. “No. I mean, thank you, but no. My friend, Paige, from work offered me a ride. We’re actually on our way now. I was just calling to let you know I’d be coming in a little later than usual if you were home. Not that you have been lately or anything, just that if you were and you heard the door open, I didn’t want you to think someone was breaking in or anything.”
Amy knew she was rambling, but after weeks of Cooper only speaking to her when absolutely necessary, his sudden offer to come get her in the middle of the night and asking how she was doing was all a little too bizarre and unnerving after such a long, exhausting day.
“Oh, well, thanks for the heads up. Victoria and I are here, so I’ll call down and tell the doorman to watch for you.”
“Thanks, Coop.”
“You’re welcome. I’ll see you in the morning.” And before she could say another word, the line went dead, baffling her further.
She slipped the phone back into her bag, zipped up the pocket, and stared out the window at the red and white lights of passing cars.
“The snow has made these roads slicker than snot,” Paige commented as they continued down the interstate. “I’m glad I never had to drive much in New York when it snowed. Everything okay?”
“Mmmhmm. Why?”
“You haven’t said much since your call.”
“Just tired,” Amy skirted, manufacturing a smile as they started down the exit ramp closest to the condo she shared with her brother, the lake on one side, the metro and businesses beyond on the other.
Seeing the dark green awning-covered entrance ahead, Amy directed Paige to the curb in front of the building and undid her seatbelt.
“Wow. Nice place.”
“Thanks.” She opened the door; keeping the fact the place was actually her brother’s to herself. Really, it was nobody’s business but her own and she didn’t feel the need to explain. “And thanks again for the ride. I really appreciate it. I’ll see you on Monday?”
“Yep. If you need a ride just let me know. Otherwise, enjoy your mini vacation.”
“I’ll try.” Amy closed the door with a small wave, watching until the red of Paige’s taillights disappeared around the corner. She stepped away from the curb, faced the building, and looked up.
The snow had lessened to mere flurries, almost mimicking glitter being thrown in the air when the light from the streetlamps hit it, giving Amy the urge to throw her hands in the air and twirl in a circle like she had as a child.
A time when she and Cooper would stay outside, building snowmen and having epic snow ball fights with the neighborhood kids until their mother finally made them come inside to eat lunch, greeting them at the door with hot chocolate, while grilled cheese and tomato soup warmed on the stove.
Life was so much simpler back then. No pasts to deal with or medical concerns other than the occasional skinned knee or elbow. Just fun. Nothing like the crazy life she had today. One that involved dead exes, slashed tires, and a mother that, thanks to a diagnosis of early-onset Alzheimer’s, couldn’t remember who she was some days, let alone that she had two children who used to love snuggling by a fire on a cold winter’s day, sipping cocoa and listening as she read “The Cat in the Hat”.
Yes, life had definitely taken some unexpected turns since Amy was that carefree six year old, but as she turned her face toward the sky, felt the cold wetness against her cheeks, she realized that life, like a snowflake, could be gone in an instant. And if Andrew’s death had taught her anything, it was that she needed to stop living in the past and start moving on with her life.
With that thought in mind, Amy gave in to the urge to twirl and glide on the glassy sidewalk, feeling like a Bella ballerina before her backside had an unfortunate meeting with the ground.
The door opened as she was pulling herself up. Laughing, she took the doorman’s offered hand, and finally went inside.

––––

From cover of darkness provided by the alley, a gaze full of anger and frustration watched her every movement. The expression in those hard, perceptive eyes shifting from watchful to contemplative as a young man––handsome and impeccably dressed––opened the door and caressed the tease’s hand.
“How many more admirers do you require?” the watcher asked aloud to the rats and other vermin of the alleyway before stomping through the gunk and slush back toward their car.
Hours later, fixation drove every slice of scissors through glossy paper. A deep need, a void desperate to be filled, along with the framed picture on the desk fueled the messenger’s movements.
An unnerving smile curved pleased lips when the fear-provoking communication was finished and slipped into its flimsy cardboard transport. Madness coloring every word and the laughter that followed.
“Let’s see you ignore this, Wilde.”




Chapter Two


The next afternoon, Max Cranston was just finishing up the final walk through of the Majestic Ballroom when his headset crackled to life.
“Max, can you come to the truck? We need to talk,” his brother, Mason, said, tone commanding.
He bit the inside of his cheek, balled his fists and counted to ten, twenty. Then, realizing no amount of counting would lessen his annoyance, Max squeezed the button on the cord attached to his shirt. “I’m in the middle of something. I’ll be there when I’m finished.”
“How much longer?”
“If you keep bugging me, a lot longer.”
“Fine. Hurry up, though. The situation is somewhat time sensitive.”
But despite his brother’s words, Max’s pace was slow as he stopped to hand off the list of locations and the Maximum Security employees to be posted at each to his second in command. Then he took the long way around, which took him past the small teashop inside the hotel. And after using every possible stall tactic he could, including a trip to the bathroom, Max headed back to the giant surveillance office on wheels that was parked behind the hotel, with a cup of coffee, strong and black, attached to his hand.
He closed the door, expecting to find half his team in the van, but to his surprise the only person there was Mason. He wished he could turn around and walk back out, but he knew the best way to deal with his brother was to bite his tongue and listen, remind him he wasn’t the boss of everyone and that the two of them were in fact equal partners in their firm, and then he could be on his merry way.
 “Is everything set up and taken care of for tomorrow?” That was Mason. No ‘hi, how are you’, just a one-track mind of all business all the time. ‘No rest for the wicked’, he always said. But given the increasing salt to pepper ratio in his older brother’s hair, Max was starting to think he wasn’t the only one in serious need of some down time.
No strangers to hard work and dedication, two qualities drilled into them during summers spent on their grandparents’ farm growing up, Max and Mason had both poured their blood, sweat, and tears into making their dream of owning a successful business into a reality, each sacrificing their time and energy––Max in the field and Mason in the office––to grow their brand into one of the top private security firms in the city. And they’d succeeded.
Their once small team of two was now a large team of twenty plus, including secretaries, consultants, and dozens of other investigators spread throughout multiple divisions of Maximum Security. But all that success, all those sacrifices had begun taking their toll over the last year or so. And although Max should be over the moon at what they’d managed to accomplish in just five short years, all he felt was exhausted. Exhausted and beyond ready for a break and change of scenery.
Instead of targets, monitors, and sidewalks covered in snow, Max wanted to open the front door of a private villa, see girls in bikinis, and sink his toes into a white sandy beach, while his two hundred pound St. Bernard chased sea birds and dove into the crashing waves. Goliath would be thrilled, and it would be Max’s way of apologizing to the big baby for all the time he’d been spending away from home lately.
Just a couple more days…Max reminded himself. All he had to do was make it through coordinating the security detail for their company’s web designer, Alex’s wedding tomorrow, and then he and Goliath were packing up and heading south. Return date unknown.
“I just gave Harrison the possible problems I found on my walk through and the assignments. I’ll do another pass in the morning, but other than that we’re ready to go.”
“That’s what I like to hear. Is the hotel onboard with our overnight plan?”
“Yep, it’s all taken care of. So now that you know I’ve done my job, as I always do, you can quit stalling and tell me why you’re here and about the situation you lured me in here with, or let me get back to work. I still have a few things I need to discuss with Harrison before I leave Sunday.”
“About that. I know you talked about taking some time off, but like I said, a situation has come up and I’m going to need you to stay in town a little bit longer. You see this case…”
“Whoa!” Max interrupted his brother’s attempt to steamroll over him. “Unless this case’s name is Rest, Relaxation, or Tequila, you’re gonna have to put someone else on it or do it yourself, because after this wedding those are the only three things on my agenda.”
“Listen, no one deserves time off more than you…”
“You’re damn right I deserve time off!” Normally the laid back Cranston brother––of which there were four, as well as two sisters––the lack of nicotine coursing through this Cranston sibling had him set on edge, with Mason in front of a panel pushing all the wrong buttons. “You know damn well I haven’t been home in almost a week, haven’t seen my dog in just as long because the Frost case ran over. And if all of that wasn’t bad enough, my bartender with benefits apparently found the love of her life when she went to buy a new car, leaving me without an uncomplicated, no strings partner to warm my bed whenever the mood strikes.”
“Look, I get it, you’re burnt out and I promise after this next case you can have as much time off as you want,” Mason continued, the unrelenting drone of his voice grating on every single one of Max’s nerves.
“That’s what you said on the last case, and the case before that, and the case before that.” Max felt his hands start to twitch. “We have other highly trained, highly paid investigators. Use one of them.”
 “But this time it’s different. Someone’s life could be at stake, and I promised them the best. And despite being an obnoxious little brother with more ink than a newspaper, you are the best investigator in Chicago.”
Max looked down, unable to control a smirk as he clearly saw––despite his shirt covering them––the black and grey tattoos that started at both wrists and extended all the way up to his shoulders. Tattoos with which Mason still had a huge problem, even though they remained covered while dealing with clients.
Probably why Max enjoyed adding to the collection as often as he could.
“Come on, Max. This case should only take a couple of weeks, three tops…”
“I said no and that’s final!” Max got within an inch of his brother’s face, all humor gone. “You want to buy my half of the company out, be my guest, but come Monday morning, I’m loading up my truck and heading somewhere warm and sandy with Goliath. I haven’t had a vacation in almost five years and I’ve more than earned a little down time, so I suggest you figure something out, because I’m. Not. Doing. It.”
But Mason, being just as tall but larger in stature, didn’t back down.
“Not even for the guy that saved our asses on the Quado case?” He huffed. “You’re just going to let someone else repay the debt you and I both owe Alex?”
Quado. Damn that case. It was quite possibly the best and worst case the two of them had ever encountered. He and Mason worked tirelessly, hitting dead ends left and right, and if it hadn’t been for Alex Gray and his just this side of legal computer maneuvering, Maximum Security never would have uncovered the thief or scored their biggest payday to date, the one that put them on the map as one of the best in the city.
To say they owed Alex one was an understatement.
“We’re providing security detail for his wedding.” Max pointed at the monitors that showed florists, caterers, and several members of their own staff flitting about, eyes narrowed suspiciously. “I thought this was us repaying him.”
“It would be if we were doing it for free––something I offered to do when he contacted me––but Alex told me that wasn’t necessary and has insisted on paying. But now something far more important than a crazy ex-friend that may or may not try and crash his wedding has come up and I told Alex we would handle it.”
“You mean you told him I would handle it,” Max said petulantly, reaching for the pack of cigarettes in his pocket, frustrated when he came up empty.
Sighing knowingly, Mason handed him a piece of gum, a sympathetic look etching his previously pinched features when Max popped it into his mouth. “How long’s it been this time?”
Max wanted to deny Mason’s implication that the annoyance he felt over his brother’s manipulation and the withdrawal his body was going through had jack squat to do with the other, but it would have been a lie. Truth was, he rarely got worked up about much, and it was even more rare that he yelled, a fact his family knew well.
“A week,” he spat out. “Feels like it’s been a goddamn year, though.”
“It’s for the best. You know that, right?”
Max chomped on the sticky spearmint.
“If it gets you and the rest of the family off my back, it will be, yes. But until I no longer have the urge to run to the Quickie Mart on the corner and smoke every single pack of Marlboro Menthols they have, all of you are just going to have to deal with my bitchiness, because the five of you are the reason I’m doing this in the first place. Believe me, if it were up to me, I’d be standing outside in the snow right now, puffing away.” 
“Fair enough.” Mason held up his hands and took a step back. “I know I give you a lot of shit about the tattoos, among other things, but I really am proud of you.”
“Well hell.” Max coughed, chocking on the gum. “A compliment? From you? This really must be some case.”
“Fuck you; I was trying to be nice. But fine, since you brought it up, are you in or are you going to force me to put someone else on it?” Mason asked, but Max was already reaching for a notebook and pen, all thoughts of warm sandy beaches and frosty umbrella drinks getting lost behind a heavy dose of right and wrong.
“Yeah, okay. Fine. You win, I’m in.”
“Thank y–“
“However, and I’m only going to say this once, so listen carefully.” He pointed the pen.
“Alright.”
“I am doing this because we owe Alex a lot and it’s the right thing to do, but everything I said before still stands. Got it? Last. One.”
“Understood.”
“Good. Now, tell me what’s going on.”




After rehearsal, everyone sat down to a dinner of rosemary chicken and steamed vegetables beside a pile of rice pilaf, which all smelled and tasted delicious. All the couples and their parents sat together at one end of the long table, smiling and laughing, while the singletons of the wedding party, all two of them, chatted amongst themselves.
Will Gray was the groomsmen Amy would be walking down the aisle with tomorrow, and also the only other single person––children aside––at the table. He was cute and sweet and the lopsidedness of his smile was charmingly endearing. Amy found herself laughing at his jokes and truly relaxing and enjoying herself for the first time in a while.
As soon as the main course dishes were cleared, Bill, the groom’s father, clinked his glass with his fork and pushed his chair out from under him.
“A lot of words will be spoken over the next day or so,” Bill started, tone gentle. “But even after the ceremony has passed there are three little words that you must remember to say as often as you can. I love you. None are more important, and Stella, from the day my son met you I knew he loved you. You are already a wonderful addition to our family, and we couldn’t ask for a more caring, sweet wife for our son or mom for what we hope is the first of many grandchildren.” He lifted his glass. “Congratulations, you two.”
“Congratulations,” chorused around the room, followed by cheering and clinking glasses as the almost newlyweds shared a kiss. It was a beautiful moment, followed by more kind words from other friends and family.
Speeches finished, dinner concluded with slices of white chocolate raspberry cheesecake for dessert, and after, everyone spread out. Some of the men went to the bar area to watch the rest of the hockey game airing on the local sports channel, while most of the women stuck close to the bride.
Taking their drinks and perching themselves in front of the fireplace, Amy and Will enjoyed the warmth and crackle of the fire as they continued their conversation from dinner; separate from the ‘his-n-hers’ groupings.
And it was then that Amy felt three sets of eyes on her, and she looked discreetly over the rim of her champagne glass to see Moe, Larry, and Curly, also known as Cooper, Alex, and Kyle all watching her like a hawk…again.
Normally, she wouldn’t think twice about it. They’d all taken it upon themselves to be her protectors growing up, so seeing their watchful eyes trained on her while she talked to a guy was nothing new, but something about their behavior was different tonight; especially Cooper. It seemed every time she turned around, there he was. Watching her, asking her questions, seeing how she was doing, and never––never––letting her out of his sight.
“I’m sorry, Will. Can you excuse me, please?” Amy lowered her glass and turned her eyes back to the groomsman. “I have some overprotective knuckleheads I need to deal with.”
Will peeked around her, eyes softened with understanding. “Ah, go easy on them, Amy. It can’t be easy having a sister, let alone one as beautiful as you.” Aw, isn’t that…sweet. “Just find me later if you want to talk more.” He winked, and Amy watched Will and his fine behind walk toward the bar, where he joined his father and uncle.
Will was a good-looking guy. A really good-looking guy.
So why weren’t Amy’s lady parts quivering?
She sighed. Likely because cute and sweet just didn’t get her motor running, unfortunately. After one too many disappointments over the years, she’d gone to great lengths to avoid nice guys like Will; much to her heart and family’s dismay. She had nothing against nice guys, it was just that for Amy, she had needs; sexual needs, aggressive take-now-never-apologize-later needs. Needs that the choirboy type just had no chance of fulfilling.
She set her now empty glass on the tray of a passing waiter and grabbed another, thinking about the type of man’s man she normally went for and remembering the tower of muscle that had been roaming the balcony area of the ballroom during rehearsal. Distracting her with his panty-melting, bad boy sex appeal that could in no way be covered by the dress clothes he’d clearly been uncomfortable wearing. Clothes Amy would gladly tear from his body piece by piece.
Talk about quivering loins. That man had practically started an earthquake in Amy’s nether regions.
“And who are you thinking about, missy?” Victoria asked, relieving Amy of her drink.
“What?” She blinked, felt her cheeks burn as Victoria sipped on her champagne. “I wasn’t thinking about anyone.” Where had she come from anyhow?
“Liar.” Victoria gave her a look that told Amy she wasn’t buying it. “You had this dreamy, I’m-gonna-get-me-some look on your face. Is it Will? I thought you two looked awfully cozy over here. I must say, though, not at all who I pictured for you. He’s too…normal.”
“Gee, thanks.” Amy stole her drink back and took a long swig.
“You know what I mean. I’ve seen the guys that catch your attention, and he doesn’t have an ounce of what those guys do.”
“No,” she let out an exasperated groan, “he doesn’t. I wish he did, though. For twenty-four and single, I’m having entirely too much sex with myself. It’s depressing.”
“You are gorgeous and sexy and I can point out about a dozen guys in this restaurant alone that have been checking you out all night. What’s the problem?”
She met Victoria’s confused expression with a duh one of her own. “Should I start categorically or alphabetically?”
 Victoria shook her head. “It’s because of what happened with what’s his name, isn’t it?”
“If by ‘what’s his name’ you mean Andrew, then yes. But it’s not just him.” Training her gaze across the restaurant, she tipped her head at her brother. “I also don’t need to give Cooper anymore reason to be disgusted with me.”
“So what? You’re not going to have sex or date because my fiancé has been an idiot? That makes a lot of sense.”
She’d been concentrating so hard on the leader of the Three Musketeers that she almost missed what Victoria had said. Her conversational bomb nearly knocked Amy over.
 “Your what!?!” Her eyes widened to the size of saucers, her cheeks feeling as though they were about to split in two. “Since when?”
“Last night, but shh…keep your voice down,” Victoria hissed, turning to the audience the two of them now had and quickly grabbing for the back of Amy’s dress. “Broken zipper, nothing to worry about, folks.” She waved the other party members back to their conversations with a smile before seizing Amy’s elbow. “Pretend you’re holding up your dress and come on.”
Amy did as she was told and followed without saying a word. That was until they were safely inside the ladies room and all the stalls had been checked.
“Okay, we’re good. Geez, you’ve got a set of lungs on you.”
“How did you expect me to react to an announcement like that? With a nod?”
“Not like a shrieking banshee, that’s for sure. I think I heard windows cracking.”
“It wasn’t that loud.” She rolled her eyes. “And what’s with all the covert secrecy? We should be out there celebrating.”
Amy could barely control her excitement. She was absolutely thrilled for both her brother and Victoria, and she wanted to toast and cheer with the rest of their friends. So why had her future sister-in-law ushered her away so quickly?
“Everyone is celebrating…my sister’s wedding. This is Stella’s time to shine, and I’m not going to do or say anything that might take away from that.”
“So why tell me?”
“Well, after what you just said I thought you should know that when Cooper asked me to marry him, at first, I told him no.”
“What!?!” she said even louder than before, making Victoria’s eyes narrow. She lowered her volume to a mere whisper, “I mean, what? Why would you do that?”
“Because,” Victoria said, crossing her arms over her chest, “although he may not agree with what you did, he’s still your brother. But instead of being there for you during what had to have been a difficult time, he got caught up in his own hurt and selfishness. Behavior I don’t like or agree with considering how close I am to my own sister.”
Amy closed her eyes. “Oh god, what did you do?”
“Nothing much. Just told him I wouldn’t marry him until he pulled his head out of his ass and realized that what you did isn’t all that different from what he did with Jenna when we were in L.A. back in September.”
Amy thought back to what her brother had told her about the encounter with his ex and drew a blank.
“But nothing happened between them.”
“Not full on, no. Some kissing, maybe a grope or two, I can’t remember what he told me exactly. My point is, or was, that she was an ex he knew was bad for him, but he still managed to lose sight of that, no matter how short or fleeting a moment it was. So why should he get a free pass and not you?”
“Because, Jenna may have been a Grade A bitch that broke his heart, but her maliciousness was never a threat to his life, or his family.”
“Whose side are you on?” Victoria asked, eyebrow cocked. “So he might not have ended up in rehab or the hospital, but what happened between them did almost cost him his career. I simply reminded him of that, and since I now have a small iceberg that will sit on my finger once this weekend is over, I’d say he made the right choice.”
Amy felt the spark of hope she’d had burn out. “So the only reason Cooper’s changed his tune and is now back to being my overprotective big brother is because he loves and wants to marry you. Not because he actually forgives me and wants our relationship to go back to the way it was?” 
“See, I knew you were going to think that, and it just isn’t true,” Victoria countered. “Remember what you told me outside of Maxwell’s the first night we met? About your brother…”
“Being terrible at admitting when he’s wrong? Yes,” Amy conceded. “But you didn’t deserve his anger. I do.”
“No, you don’t, and as your future sister-in-law and friend I feel it is now well within my rights to say I will kick your ass if you say that again. You’re human, Amy. Give yourself a break. Andrew was your first love, that’s hard to just let go of.”
“Maybe. I just wished I’d handled things differently, told the truth from the beginning. Given Cooper a chance to react one way or the other before just assuming he was going to hate me. Instead of protecting everyone, all my lies did was make things worse.”
“That’s the thing about lies, good or bad, they have this way of coming out. And normally at the worst possible time. But one bad decision doesn’t define you. You’re a good person and your brother could never hate you. He was just hurt. That’s why he didn’t tell your parents, and why he’s been just as miserable as you have this past month.”
“Really?”
“Trust me. It may have taken a push from me to get past his ego and pride, but deep down, Cooper was already well on his way to forgiving you. And if he says differently, he’s a bigger liar than you,” Victoria said with a cheeky grin.
“Ha ha. You’re such a peach.”
“I know.”
Amy rolled her eyes, but thought back to the numerous times she’d seen her brother in passing since everything happened. How he’d looked like he wanted to say something––more than once–– before he’d walk off with a frown. Maybe this whole time she’d been mistaking confliction for disgust, making her just as guilty as him for their silence stretching on as long as it had.
And Victoria did have another point. Cooper hadn’t told their parents about her monumental fuck up. An act of kindness that, up until now, she’d thought was more to spare their feelings than her own. Was it really all as simple as Victoria made it sound?
Amy was skeptical, but decided for tonight, for the weekend, she wasn’t going to question it and threw her arms around the neck of the smaller woman.
“Thank you,” she croaked, tears hovering on the brim. “You have no idea what this means to me.”
Victoria laughed softly. “Yeah, I think I do. But you’re welcome.”
Amy loosened her vice grip and leaned back. “I think I’m going to stay at the condo tonight after our pedicures instead of at Stella and Alex’s house.”
The future Mrs. Cooper Wilde smiled knowingly back at her. “I think that’s a good idea. Just don’t cry too much, otherwise you’ll be all puffy for pictures tomorrow.”
“I’ll do my best, but no promises,” Amy joked, and the two of them left the bathroom in a much calmer fashion than they’d entered.
And from that point on, the night flowed smoothly. She laughed with the girls, traded insults with the boys, who were still acting weird but swore they weren’t, then they all said goodnight to the older relatives and loaded up in separate vehicles. Boys going back to Amy and Cooper’s condo, while the girls headed downtown to Victoria’s salon, Color Me Beautiful, for some after hours pampering.




Chapter Three


Back at Spring Towers South, Max stood behind the desk, a shudder working its way down his spine. “Has she seen this?”
“No. It was delivered this morning, while she was still asleep.”
“How?” he asked, still staring at the disturbing words spelled out with letters clipped from magazines.
“The doorman said FedEx, but when I called they said they had no record of a delivery being made to the building.” Cooper Wilde, a person whose smiling face had been plastered on every bench, billboard and TV ad around Chicago for the past six months, was scowling hard at the piece of paper in Max’s latex covered hands, a visible tick over his clenched jaw.  “Goddamn it.” His beer bottle thunked to the desk. “Why would anyone want to hurt her? She wasn’t even in town when that bastard OD’d. It doesn’t make any goddamn sense.”
“Cooper, you have to calm down,” Alex spoke in a calm, but forceful manner. “If I didn’t think Max was the best person for the job, I wouldn’t have called Mason. Amy is like a sister to me, too. I don’t want to see anything happen to her anymore than you do.”
“I know. I’m sorry. It’s just,” Cooper apologized, the worry he’d spoken of clearly etched into every line on his face as he looked back to Max. “You have to understand something about my sister. She’s always been this sort of happy, bubbly free spirit with a little bit of a wild side. Unfortunately, it’s her big heart mixed with the wild side that gets her into trouble. She always tries to see the best in everyone and gives people more chances than they deserve. But in this instance, it has obviously back fired…big time.”
“How so?”
“Andrew Hammel,” Cooper said the name like a curse. “Amy dated him in high school and for a few months after she graduated. He got her hooked on drugs, alcohol. You name it; if Andrew wanted her to do something, she did it. Then she almost died and it woke her up. She went to rehab, got cleaned up, and swore she was done with him. That was a little over six years ago.”
“I’m sensing something changed.”
“At the end of August, we were all at a bar having a party and he was there. I told Amy to stay away from him, but she didn’t listen. According to what she told the detective last month, they started seeing each other again not long after. Until…”
“Until what?”
“Until she caught Andrew doing drugs again and broke things.” The other man paused, eyes tinged with a new wave of brotherly frustrations and what appeared to be fear, before he blew out a heavy breath. “He died that night. So, while I don’t want to believe one has anything to do with the other, I don’t think we can rule it out either.”
Max nodded his agreement. “I did a little research before I came over; saw all the news articles about his death. Do you know if Andrew’s family or their attorneys have contacted her?”
 “I don’t know.” Cooper no longer looked worried, but ashamed. “I haven’t exactly been the world’s nicest brother since she told me what she’d done. Everything I know about Amy’s life this past month has come from conversations with other people. But as far as I know, other than the tires and this letter, there haven’t been any signs of trouble.”
He knew what he needed to say next was going to go over like a lead balloon, so Max took his time carefully slipping the letter and its envelope into a large clear baggy, sealing it tight. He then removed his gloves and tossed them in the wastebasket.
“I’m going to need to talk to the doorman and get a description of the person that dropped off the package.”
“That shouldn’t be a problem. I’ll let the building manager know in the morning. Anything else?”
“Has anyone else touched the letter?”
“Just me,” Cooper said, pointing to the desk. “I laid it out over there when I realized what it was.”
Nodding, Max removed an inkpad and one fingerprint card from his kit. “Our lab isn’t nearly as sophisticated as the police’s forensics lab, but we can run fingerprints. I’ll need a sample of yours so we can rule them out when we check the letter for those and other evidence.”
Taking his time with each finger, Max handed Cooper a wipe for the ink then placed the fingerprint card in his case before moving back to the desk and placing his hands flat on top, looking between the two men that stood before him. “I’m not going to lie to you; this isn’t going to be easy.” He paused, trying to think of the best way to explain. “It could take weeks to find whoever sent this letter and that’s only if he left evidence, which I’m guessing he didn’t since he was bold enough to walk right in the front door and deliver it. We’re also dealing with one of the most powerful families in Chicago with more connections than an airline. It could get tricky.”
“So what are you saying? We should ignore this?” Cooper’s words cracked through the air like a whip.
“Not at all.” Max kept his cool. Having two sisters of his own, one of whom was a pistol and a half herself, he could sympathize with Cooper’s position as a brother. That didn’t mean he was going to sugar coat anything. “Whoever is threatening your sister is seriously disturbed with more than a few screws loose. I’m in. I’m just letting you know what I’ll be up against so you don’t have unrealistic expectations on how quickly this may or may not be resolved.”
“Alex and your brother assure me you’re the best,” Cooper said after a moment, eyes focused on the letter. “And since my sister’s life could depend on it, I’m going to trust that to be true. So do whatever you have to do to find the son of a bitch that’s after her. Please.”
“You have my word.” He shook the other man’s hand, feeling as though he’d passed a very important test.
“Now that that’s taken care of,” Alex said as he rose from the couch next to the bookshelf. “I’m going to leave you two to talk. I’d stick around, but Stella will kill me if I yawn during our vows tomorrow, and my tux is at Kyle’s so I’m gonna ride back with him and crash there.”
After a quick goodbye and assurance that all security measures were in place, Max sat back down to review his notes while Cooper walked Alex out, hoping his analysis of all the facts would give him a clue where to begin.
Unfortunately, there were too many holes in the story to get a complete picture. Holes he would need Amy’s help to fill in when he met with her. Whenever that would be.
“You look like you could use one of these.”
Cooper passed Max a bottle of Sam Adams when he came back into the office and took the seat Alex had vacated on the sofa.
“Thanks. I have a feeling this is going to take awhile.” Max opened the bottle, the amber liquid awakening his taste buds and his need for a cigarette. Smoking and drinking had always gone hand in hand. It felt strange to do one without the other.
“May I?” He gestured toward the desktop computer, hoping to distract himself with work.
“Go ahead. Anything you need is at your disposal. I’m going to call and check on the girls. Holler if you need anything.”
Cooper left the room, leaving Max to do what he did best.
Accessing Maximum Security’s database, Max began running background checks on every name on his list. Starting with those mentioned in reports about the death.
Hours passed, each one more frustrating than the last, as he hit one dead end after another.
“How’s it going?” Cooper asked, handing Max another beer.
“Slow. It’s amazing how much red tape money can buy.”
“They buried the story about Andrew and Amy at the lake. Nothing that family does surprises me.”
“The lake?”
A darkness clouded Cooper’s eyes. “Yeah. I was in California at the time, but I’ll never forget that phone call as long as I live. Amy and Andrew were at a party on Fox Lake, both drunk and high, when they got into a fight. I still don’t know exactly what happened, because Amy was never able to remember, but somehow she fell, hit her head, and ended up in the water. She had to be resuscitated on the scene.”
“Fuck!” No wonder catching the person responsible for threatening his sister was so important. No family should have to go through almost losing someone once, let alone a second time. Max took a pull from his beer.
“Nothing is going to happen to your sister. Not on my watch.”
Cooper studied him. Max knew words didn’t mean much, actions did, and he didn’t care what it took he’d be damned if this was one promise he would break.
“I believe you,” was all Cooper said, and that was enough.
With a new sense of urgency, Max turned back to the computer, prepared to bust through all the red tape he had to when he noticed the clock on the computer screen and realized it was after midnight. Well past the time he planned on staying.
“Shit, I didn’t realize how late it was. You probably want to get to bed, and I should head out before the snow gets any worse.” Max stretched and yawned, his joints cracking from being hunched over the keyboard for so many hours and from being bone deep tired.
Cooper let loose a yawn of his own when Max started shutting down the computer. “You know, Amy is staying with the rest of the girls at Alex’s house tonight. If you want, you’re more than welcome to crash in her bed for the night or on the pullout in here. It’s the least I can offer for all that you’re doing for us, and it would save you a trip out in this storm.”
“Thanks, but I somehow doubt your sister wants a strange man in her room, let alone sleeping in her bed.”
Cooper nodded. “True. I guess I didn’t think about that.”
Max eyed the couch and felt exhaustion sink in deeper. “But if you’re sure you wouldn’t mind, the pullout would be great.” 
“I don’t mind at all. Like I said, it’s the least I can do.” Cooper opened the closet door. “Pillows and blankets are in here, bathroom is across the hall, and you can help yourself to whatever food’s in the kitchen.”
Then Cooper said goodnight and Max did the same.
Removing the cushions from the sofa, he pulled on the metal handle attached to the frame and unfolded the bed, making it with one of the sheets from the closet. Next, he tossed a comforter and two pillows into the mix, and after sending a message to his neighbor, Willow, asking her to once again feed Goliath and let him out, Max stretched out on the surprisingly comfortable sofa mattress and crashed. Hard.




Chapter Four


With a deep sigh, Amy unlocked the front door of the condo, expecting to hear drunken insults and loud laughter, but instead she found a darkened room and an empty couch.
She checked the time. 1:24 a.m. “Hello?”
Silence. Huh. Maybe the guys had decided to go out after all.
Amy hung up her coat and unzipped her boots, her freshly pampered tootsies feeling wonderful as she padded into the kitchen where she filled three glasses with water and left them and a bottle of aspirin on the counter with instructions.

You’re all idiots.
Hydrate and medicate.
See you in the morning.
Love, A

Grinning at her teasing words, Amy flipped on the overhead light so they’d be able to see when they came stumbling in and went to bed.




Chapter Five


The next morning, Amy woke before the sun. Despite only having gone to sleep just a few short hours before, she couldn’t seem to calm her excited mind long enough to fall back to sleep.
From her spot on the bed, she could still see a few stars twinkling in the navy blue sky through the sheer pink curtains she found at a thrift store near Joliet.
She reached for her robe.
Slipping her arms into the soft terry cloth, she tightened the belt and went to stand in front of her window, pulling back the curtains.
Rays of light were just beginning to show on the horizon, bouncing off skyscrapers in the distance and shimmering off the snow. The whole scene was calm, the white of the snow blanketing the city in innocence. The perfect day for a wedding.
Turning away from the beautiful scene Mother Nature was painting, its charms both tantalizing and hypnotic, Amy fastened her hair into a floppy bun and started digging around in her dresser for a pair of black spandex shorts and a black running bra. She may not like running on a treadmill, but being inside did have its advantages, and not wearing fifteen layers of clothes was definitely one of them.
Changed and ready to burn off her grogginess, Amy strolled out of her room––towel and neoprene sleeve in hand––intending to head down to the building’s gym for a morning run when her gaze snagged on an unusual sight through the gap in her brother’s office door.
She quietly inched her way closer, unable to resist the urge to scare the living hell out of Alex or Kyle, whoever was passed out on the sofa bed. Only, just as she was about to pounce, the person lying on the bed rolled over, dislodging the blanket from his upper body, leaving her surprised yet captivated.
Holy shit! she mentally shouted and stepped back, bumping into the desk. It’s him. The man from the balcony. Amy briefly wondered if she were in some sort of living daydream as she stepped closer, getting an up close and personal look at the man who had occupied her thoughts for most of the previous evening.
A black t-shirt lay over the arm of the couch, giving Amy an unobstructed view of light olive skin and solid muscles. Not a single inch of the flesh on his arms was its natural color, with even more tattoos wrapping around his rib cage and shoulder blades.
His hair, the color of coffee, was shaved short on the sides with the top much longer. A couple days’ growth, at least, dotted his chin and cheeks, adding to the sinfully sexy stranger’s bad boy sex appeal. Not that he needed it. Mr. Tie Me Up, Tie Me Down probably had women practically throwing themselves at him as he walked down the street.
She was tempted to wake him, to coax him into playing out one of the fantasies doing a sexy shimmy inside her head, but somewhere deep in her body she found a tiny vein of restraint and backed out of the office, away from temptation, before slouching her way to the kitchen.
Her appetite was non-existent, at least where food was concerned, but she forced herself to eat a banana, something small that would keep her from passing out in the gym, then poured a glass of orange juice.
Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed the water and pills she’d laid out the night before were untouched and the couch was still empty. But as strange as both of those things were, it was the thin and slightly discolored section of the newspaper she hadn’t noticed on the counter the night before that was now taunting her with its presence.
Amy recognized the picture and headline immediately.
Why the hell had Cooper saved it? And what was he doing looking at it last night?
Having only been able to stomach the headline and maybe a quarter of the article the first time she’d saw the story herself, Amy knew in order to fully get closure, she needed to read the rest.
Finishing her juice, Amy placed the glass in the sink and snagged a bottle of water from the fridge, then tucked the newspaper under her arm as she headed out the door.
For how early it was on a Saturday morning, Amy wasn’t surprised the state of the art gym on the first floor was mostly empty when she arrived. A couple businessmen on stationary bikes, yacking away on their phones, the only company she had in the otherwise vacant room.
Amy dropped her bag on the floor; going through her stretches like she always did before slipping her music player into the neoprene sleeve she wore on her arm and started to jog. When she felt properly warmed up, she unfolded the paper she had propped up over the digital screen keeping her time and distance.
A large colored picture, one of Andrew standing next to his dad on a vacant lot was above the article. Amy remembered the day that picture was taken. Remembered because it was the day before she’d discovered her ex hadn’t changed at all during their time apart. He’d just become a better liar…

––––

“Dad, it’s Sunday. Can’t it wait until tomorrow?” Andrew protested loudly into the phone, only Amy couldn’t hear Mr. Hammel’s response to his son’s objections because by that point Andrew had gotten out of bed and disappeared into the bathroom, banging and slamming things around until all was silent.
Amy propped herself up with pillows. “So much for a relaxing Sunday in bed,” she groused, knowing that whatever Andrew and his father were discussing was going to leave him in a rotten mood.
She sat listening, waiting, and when she could no longer hear the ruckus of before, Amy decided to go check on him. She turned the corner and found the bathroom door was mostly closed.
“Andrew, are you alright?” she asked, slowly opening the bathroom door. “What the hell?!”
“Fuck!” Andrew tried to hide the mirror he was hunched over, but it was too late; Amy had seen what he was trying to keep from her view, the truth behind his mountain of lies. Amy slammed the door behind her, getting dressed and gathering her things as he came stumbling after her.
“Amy, stop!” He grabbed her arm. “Damn it, would you let me explain? It’s not what you think.”
Six years ago that line may have worked, may have been enough to keep her in the apartment to listen to his lies, but not now.
“I’m only going to say this once,” she said, stabbing the elevator button. “Do not call me, do not text me, do not contact me in any way. Do you understand?”
“Amy…”
“DO YOU understand?” Her voice rose then caught. Anger at not only him, but herself as well for being stupid enough to trust him poured out with every word.
The doors slid open and Amy stepped in. Andrew was still standing silently in the hallway when the doors began to close and he looked up at her with shame in his eyes.
“I’m sorry, Amy.” Then he was gone and she was left alone, staring at her distorted reflection in the shiny metal of the elevator doors. An almost mocking symbol as she was lowered to the lobby floor and left it all behind.

––––

Tears threatened, blurring the words on the page, but she pushed aside the emotions of the past and began to read.

Andrew Fredrick Hammel, only child of renowned architect Fredrick Hammel and wife Georgia, died sometime in the early morning hours Sunday. He was 25.
The death, from an apparent drug overdose, was confirmed by police. When investigators arrived, they found needles and other paraphernalia in the apartment, and near the body, bags with what appeared to be heroin.
“Our son was not a drug addict,” the Hammel’s said in a statement read by their lawyer at a press conference held outside the family’s estate. “He was a happy, healthy, full-of-life young man with everything to live for. We ask for privacy as we deal with the loss of our only child, and pray the truth will come out and that justice will be served for this senseless loss of life.”
While no foul play is suspected, the Hammel family insists their son’s death is no accident and urges the public to wait for the medical examiner’s report before they jump to such a conclusion. An autopsy is scheduled for later today.

Amy ran harder, her breathing becoming labored, a fine sheen of sweat coating her skin. 
She tried to balance out what she read and how she felt against what she knew deep down in her heart to be true. And the cold hard truth was Andrew had always been troubled. Troubled before she came into his life and troubled after, and how he chose to handle the pressure’s life put on him was completely his choice. She couldn’t blame herself for what happened anymore, no matter how tempting it was. She tossed the article to the floor.
An hour of hard, heart pounding running later, she slowed to a walk then hit the stop button on the machine and shoved everything back into her bag. The workout had served its purpose; she felt clear-headed, less guilty, and filled with energy.
She went back upstairs, ready for a hot shower and maybe some famous Cooper Wilde French toast, when not even two steps inside the door she stumbled to a halt.
The dark-haired, equally dark-eyed god from the office was standing in front of the sliding glass windows of the living room balcony, still shirtless and looking every bit the sex on legs as before.
Thank God he hadn’t put his shirt back on.
Their gazes locked, awakening parts of Amy that no man had in over a month but now were practically screaming to be touched.
As if he could read every wicked thought running through her mind at warp speed, her mystery man smiled. A lustful smile, full of naughty promises.
Christmas had definitely come early.

––––

Max blinked then blinked again, the smile on his face willowing away as comprehension began to crack into his consciousness.
This has to be a dream, he thought. Prayed he was still asleep, making the woman standing in front of him an illusion and not Cooper Wilde’s sister.
All slim, toned thighs, tight stomach, velvety soft looking skin, eyes the color of a meadow after it rained. It wouldn’t be fair to tempt him with such an alluring assignment.
According to the birth certificate Max pulled up for one Miss Amy Wilde, she was twenty-four years old, making her eight years his junior and him a pervy creep. At least that’s how he felt as he racked his gaze over her tall thin body once more before he could stop himself.
“Amy?”
Her full lips quirked up at the corners.
“Now that seems unfair,” she began, sauntering toward him, stopping mere inches from his bare chest and tilting her head ever so slightly to look up at him through her long lashes. “You know who I am.” Her finger came up and she let it slide down his torso, causing his skin to nearly ignite. “The question is: who are you?”
Whoever the hell you want me to be.
He could feel her breath on his skin, feel the heat from her body and barely held back a moan.
Amy was standing so close to him now Max could see the desire in her eyes, so much like the feelings stirring inside him, which was crazy. They didn’t even know each other, but that didn’t stop his body from wanting to take her right up against the living room wall or on the leather sectional that was only a few feet away.
He had to pump the brakes and take a step back, clear his head and be rational for once in his life before he did something he might regret.
Finally, when he got enough blood to the right head, he was able to answer.
“Max,” he said, her lips turning up in another smile that knocked the wind out of him.
“It’s nice to meet you, Max.”
The way she said his name, all sultry smooth and laced with more than a hint of seduction, did nothing to relieve the pressure behind his zipper.
What the hell was going on?
This job wasn’t even twenty-four hours old and he already couldn’t think straight. Not when all he wanted was the woman he swore to protect beneath him, naked and panting, her long legs wrapped around his waist as she came apart.
Max wasn’t usually one to be so easily thrown off kilter by a beautiful woman. His business was all about being able to stay focused and block out distractions, and that’s exactly what he needed to do.
And yet, even with all the reasons not to, Max couldn’t help but smile at the woman standing in front of him, driving him crazy. She was direct; not an ounce of shyness seemed to live inside her goddess like body. He liked that.
The problem was, he also had a job to do and in order to do that he’d have to put an end to this game they were playing and tell her who he was and why he was there. Not something he wanted to do, but sadly, and much to the objection of his body, it had to be done.
Taking a step back, jumping when the cold glass of the door touched his skin, he forced himself to stop gawking at her body and looked into her eyes.
“I’m Max Cranston. A private investigator with the security firm handling the security for Alex and Stella’s wedding.”
Like the theatre lights at the beginning of a performance, Amy’s smile dimmed then went out completely.
“Private investigator?”
He nodded.
“I see,” she said, taking a step back of her own. All traces of her former flirtation gone, her eyes narrowed in suspicion. “Well, Max. That explains who you are and what you are. Now maybe you should tell me why you’re here.”
“Because I asked him to be.”
Max and Amy both turned. Cooper was standing at the end of the hall, arms crossed, eyes fixed on his sister.
“Seriously? Two flat tires and you go behind my back to hire a P.I.?” Amy snapped at her brother, crossing her own arms.
The family resemblance was almost comical, but he fought back the smile wanting to stretch across his face. The situation was already tense enough. He didn’t need to add to it.
“Maybe I should give you two a minute,” Max said, more than happy to wait out the sibling showdown from the safety of the office.
No such luck.
“Stay. Maybe then she’ll listen to reason and stop being so goddamn stubborn.”
“I’m stubborn!” Amy shouted. “You’re one to talk. Can’t even let me deal with problems on my own. Always have to try and swoop in to save the day. Well guess what, I’m a big girl. I can take care of myself.”
The determination in her voice and defiant jut of her chin left Max with little doubt she meant what she said, but he had seen the letter and even though he didn’t agree with being brought in without her knowledge, he did agree she needed his help.
Now he just had to convince her of that.
“Look, I know you don’t think you need my help…” Max interrupted, trying to be the voice of reason in the middle of it all.
“I don’t,” she responded quickly, almost reflexively and Max held up his hands.
“Point taken. But before you turn down my assistance, there’s something you should see. It’s the reason your brother and Alex called me in.”
Defiance and righteous indignation burned in Amy’s eyes, but thankfully she didn’t dismiss him and they went into the office. Max retrieved the letter from his briefcase, still sealed tight in the bag. He wasn’t usually harsh or blunt with clients, but in this case he felt it was necessary.
“That arrived yesterday morning.” He handed her the letter, no warning as to what it was and watched her horrified response to the disturbing words, feeling no remorse as he asked, “Still think your pride is more important than my help?” Then just so he was sure he made his point, he added, “Or your life?”




Chapter Six


Amy allowed herself an extra long shower, trying to ease the tense ball of nerves that was her body, when she began to tremble. The weight of what she read came crashing down around her hard and fast.

YOU MAY THINK YOU GOT AWAY WITH WHAT YOU’VE DONE
BUT I WILL MAKE YOU PAY
THIS ISN’T OVER
YOU ARE MINE

She didn’t understand. Who would send her such a thing?
Though she may not have been a saint her whole life, Amy had always gone out of her way to be nice to people, to smile even when she felt down, laugh even if something wasn’t funny and lend a helping hand to those who needed it most. She couldn’t think of a single person, aside from Andrew, who’d want to hurt her, and he was dead. Leaving her with a million questions and no way to answer them.
She turned off the water and began to dry off.
Not long after a knock came at the door, followed by Cooper’s concerned voice muffled by the wood.
“Amy? Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’ll be right out,” she said, digging through her make up drawer for concealer and eyeliner.
Through the precipitation on the bathroom mirror, she could see her face; see the red rims of her lower eyelids and the puffiness that matched. “So much for my promise to Victoria,” she muttered, dabbing on the beauty products.
Just because she felt like crap didn’t mean she had to look that way, too. Besides, it would make her lie about being okay more believable if she went about her day like nothing was amiss.
Stella had hired a few members of Victoria’s staff to do their hair and makeup for the wedding, so she didn’t go overboard, and when she was finished, Amy admired her handy work in the mirror. Crisp clothes adorned her skin, her hair was blow-dried and straightened, and her makeup was simple, yet flawless.
She took a deep breath. Then another. Pushed back her shoulders and opened the door.
Max and Cooper were waiting for her in the kitchen.
“Feeling better?” Max asked as she took the only chair left at the small café style table.
“Much. Thanks,” she said with a smile she didn’t really feel. 
More than anything, she wanted to forget; wanted to believe it was all just a bad dream. But she couldn’t wish her troubles away anymore than she could stop the world from turning or the snow from falling.
“What’s all this?” she asked, gesturing to a notebook and a few printouts spread out on the table.
“Research,” Max stated; handing her what appeared to be a background check on the Hammels.
Amy looked up, confused. “What do Andrew’s parents have to do with anything?”
Sure, they never liked her, thought she wasn’t good enough for their son, and made sure Andrew disappeared after the lake incident, but Amy couldn’t picture the Hammels––two people so focused on themselves that they didn’t notice their only child was still a drug addict––lowering themselves to threats of violence.
She placed the report back on the table.
“I can’t see them doing something like this. It’s not what they would see as ‘sophisticated’ activities.”
“I agree with you,” Max placed the paper back on the pile, “but that doesn’t mean they couldn’t have hired someone. I’m just making sure I cover all the bases.”
“You’re the professional, I guess you know best,” Amy said with a hint of condescension. “What makes you think these two things are tied to Andrew’s death, anyhow? That happened over a month ago. Maybe it’s just some random nut job.”
“There’s no way of knowing who Andrew was involved with other than you, or what kind of shady characters he was associated with in the drug world,” Max insisted, and Amy had to admit he was right. Andrew could have been lying, just like he lied to her about everything else.
A less than comforting thought, but one she was going to have to live with.
“But you’re correct,” Max went on. “It could be unrelated, but I doubt it. All my years of investigating tell me Andrew’s death is either directly or indirectly tied to what’s happening now.”
Amy sighed, felt the lightness she’d felt after her run become clouded in darkness. Going to the fridge, she got out a bottle of iced tea and twisted off the cap.
“So now what?” she asked, still standing.
“Now I ask you questions about your life. People you know, places you frequent, etcetera, and hope that somehow it leads us to who is behind this.”
It all seemed relatively simple and straightforward. It wasn’t like she had anything to hide anymore, so Max poking around in her life wouldn’t be a problem. And then he said, “We’ll also need to sit down after the reception and come up with some sort of schedule. From now on, you can’t go anywhere alone until we know if these threats are real or just meant to scare you.”
“No.”
“No? To which part?”
“I mean, no. Not gonna happen. Forget it. Huh uh. I will not let some asshole determine how I live my life, and I sure as hell don’t need a babysitter wherever I go. Ask me all the questions you want, but as far as the twenty-four-seven chaperone goes, the answer is no.”
“I told you she wasn’t going to go for it,” Cooper said with an irritated glance in her direction. “Like I said, stubborn.”
Amy smiled. A real one this time, full of mirth. “I learned from the best.”
Cooper rolled his eyes, but she could see the hint of a smirk when he took a drink of his coffee.
Off in the distance a song began to play, something soft and melodic. Amy recognized the John Legend song easily as Cooper’s ringtone for Victoria, and mocked him mercilessly as he left the room, leaving her and Max alone.
When she turned back around, Max looked less than amused.
“You do realize there’s someone out there right now that wants to hurt you, or do you for some reason think you’re invincible?”
Amy felt the plastic of the bottle crunch beneath her grasp.
“I know just how mortal I am,” she began in a tight voice. “I’ve seen my life flash before my eyes. I’ve felt what it’s like to think you’re taking your last breath, so no, I don’t think I’m invincible.”
“Then why risk it?” His tone was less harsh than before, his face less pinched. A bad boy with a conscience, she mused. Amy could tell Max only wanted to help and that he felt bad for his outburst, so she dialed back her own emotions and reclaimed her seat.
“Listen, I will admit this whole thing scares the crap out of me, and if anything else happens I will agree to whatever you want, but you yourself said we don’t know what his motives are, so turning my life upside down on a hunch seems a little extreme.”
She didn’t want to disregard his concerns so she was willing to compromise, as long as it was within reason.
“And if the next thing that happens is you get killed? Then what?”
“Then that would suck, but I don’t think that’s going to happen.”
“He knows where you live. He was inside the building just yesterday. Would you at least consider staying somewhere else for the time being?”
“So now not only do I need a babysitter, you want me to leave my home also? Where does it end?”
“Hopefully not with you in a body bag. Seems to me a little inconvenience is better than the alternative.”
It was obvious Max was trying to scare her and that he wasn’t going to let it go until she agreed to what he was suggesting. She also had a feeling no matter what she said, wherever she went, there he’d be.
She threw her hands in the air, admitting defeat.
“Fine,” she said, exasperated. “I’ll call a few friends. Happy?”
“Absolutely.” He smirked, and Amy tried to ignore how hot smugness looked on his gorgeous face.
“But let’s get one thing straight. You are not to interfere with my job or talk to my mom and dad. You can poke around in any other part of my life you want, follow me to and from wherever, but my work and my parents are off limits.”
“Work I get, but why your parents?”
Amy rubbed a hand over her heart, doing her best to alleviate the all too familiar ache.
“My mom has Alzheimer’s and Dad works his butt off in a hot factory six days a week to make sure she is taken care of. They have enough to worry about without their problem child adding to it.”
Max scratched at the stubble on his chin. “I can agree to that.”
“Good.”
While she still wasn’t thrilled with their deal, as she gazed across the table, watching Max pack up and trying not to drool, Amy found she was actually looking forward to the coming days––or weeks––and all the time she would be spending with her dangerously sexy bodyguard. Because if earlier was any indication, when the two of them were so entranced with one another they practically set the condo on fire, she could only imagine the sparks that were going to fly if they were ever truly alone. Sparks she fully intended on fanning until they turned into a raging inferno that engulfed them both.
Talk about one hell of a silver lining.
Amy said goodbye to him at the door and went to find her brother.




Chapter Seven


Just as Amy had predicted, the wedding had been magical. The ballroom had sparkled like an enchanted kingdom, with the bride and groom playing the roll of handsome prince and beautiful princess to perfection. Stella was striking in a floral one shoulder chiffon maternity gown. Her brunette hair had lain in soft waves around her face, resting on her shoulders beneath a waist length veil edged with lace. She was the most beautiful bride Amy had ever seen. And as Stella walked gingerly down the aisle on her fathers’ arm, Amy looked back at her childhood friend and honorary big brother and saw what eternal love truly looked like.
She may have still been several years away from marriage and babies and all that jazz herself, but that didn’t stop the warmth that bloomed inside her chest as she felt a little part of her give a few precursory ticks.
During the exchange of both rings and vows, the couple poured their hearts out to one another in front of their friends and family, promising an unbreakable bond that would last a lifetime. And if there had been a dry eye in the house after such a moving display, then that person’s heart had to have been made of stone.
Reverend Jacobs said one final prayer, and with a rising of his hands introduced Mr. and Mrs. Alex Gray to the more than two hundred plus guests in attendance. Taking his time, Alex arched over his new wife’s protruding belly and kissed her soundly, discreetly wiping tears from her cheek as he did.
Holding hands, they turned to face the rest of their guests. Alex’s mom was crying quietly on her husband’s shoulder while Stella’s dad smiled up at his youngest daughter with pride. There were more tears and smiles on faces as the wedding party made their exit. Amy and Will walking arm in arm back the way they’d came, smiling for the photographer and laughing at the absurdity of the two of them being the caboose of, what they had deemed the night before as, the love train.
As Amy waved to one of the few people she knew, her sight and other senses were drawn to the imposing figure waiting by the door. Max looked dashing in his tux, him and the other members of the security team blending in with the ushers seamlessly.
She winked at him as she passed by, but he remained stoic and simply held the door.
 Max, Max, Max, Amy shook her head, grinning impishly as she and Will joined the others in the holding room where they would wait until the altar and chairs were broken down and it was time for the wedding party to be introduced for the reception. If only he knew how persistent Amy could be when she saw something she really wanted; he’d surrender faster than a French border guard with a new pair of track shoes. It didn’t matter that some psycho may or may not be after her, Amy wanted those inked up arms around her and that stubble darkened chin rubbing along her overheated thighs.
She pressed her legs together and prayed no one noticed how flushed she’d become.


Before too long, though, everyone’s attentions were effectively occupied. Tables were filled, toasts were made, and Amy and the rest of the attendees watched in awe as the DJ called down the newlyweds for their first dance together as husband and wife.
Victoria gave a happy little sigh. “They’re like a freakin’ fairy tale come to life, aren’t they?”
“They really are, but somehow I don’t think Cinderella’s carriage is going to make it to midnight.” Amy laughed, but there really wasn’t anything funny about the situation.
Between courses, Stella had calmly pulled Amy aside and asked, through clenched teeth, how close contractions needed to be before a trip to the hospital was necessary. When Amy told her three to five minutes, the bride had paled and squeezed her arm. Apparently, the new Mrs. Alex Gray was feeling the vice grip little buggers every two to three minutes, with each one getting stronger.
“One dance,” she’d promised, when Amy tried to go and get Alex. “I can make it through one dance, and then I swear I’ll tell him.” And being the big softy that she was, and because Stella’s water hadn’t broken, she’d agreed to keep the bride’s secret.
But when Cooper pulled a twenty from his wallet and tossed it on the table, no matter how wrong it was, Amy couldn’t help but feel somewhat happy with her decision.
“Twenty bucks says she goes into labor as soon as they get to their room tonight.”
Never one to turn down a bet, best man, Kyle, plunked another twenty on top of Cooper’s. “Forty says Stella goes to toss that green and yellow bouquet and there’s going to be a spill on aisle three.”
Kyle’s wife, Lindsay, smacked him on the arm. “Seriously? You’re going to bet on when a woman might or might not go into labor?”
“Oh, come on, Red. You know you want to get in on the action. What are those hormones telling you? You know, woman’s intuition and all that.”
“Being pregnant doesn’t mean I now have psychic abilities, you big goof. I swear, once this baby is born I’m going to have two children to take care of.” Lindsay might have sounded annoyed with her husband as she rubbed her tiny baby bump, but the adoration and love in her eyes told a different story.
Due to a very tragic incident in Lindsay’s past, where she’d been pregnant and subsequently lost the child, she and Kyle had kept the news of her pregnancy from everyone for the first trimester. Wanting to make sure the damage she’d sustained to her uterus back then wasn’t going to affect her current pregnancy. Once they’d known both mom and baby were going to be just fine, they’d shared their wonderful news with the rest of the group.
Lindsay smiled and shook her head. “Can you believe these two?”
“Despicable,” Victoria scoffed.
“Absolutely deplorable,” Amy added, and then smacked the fifty she’d snagged from her clutch on the table. “Deplorable that you think you’re going to beat a nurse at this game. Fifty says they are heading to the hospital in the next ten minutes.”
Okay, so betting on a game when you already knew what the score was going to be wasn’t exactly fair, but since the two of them had hustled Amy out of more Halloween candy and allowance money than she could count growing up, she figured turnabout was fair play, and goaded them some more. “Time to put your money where your mouth is, boys. Or are the two of you chicken?”
Kyle was the first to square away his portion of the bet. “You’re on, runt.”
“Watch yourself, Brady. Remember what happened the last time you threw that word around. You were left crying like a baby.”
“I did not cry.”
“Dude, I was there. If you didn’t cry, it was pretty damn close.” Cooper laughed, and added a few more bills to the growing pot.
Kyle glared at Cooper, but any choice words he might have had for his friend were quickly swallowed up by the very loud, guttural shout of pain that echoed from the dance floor.
“Kyle, Amy!” Alex yelled, holding onto a doubled over Stella. “Get over here, quick. I think the baby’s coming.”
Amy rushed toward them, Kyle hot on her heels, the bet all but forgotten as they pushed their way through the growing crowd surrounding the momma-to-be.
“Alright everybody, let’s back up and give them some room.” Kyle fell back on his training of crowd management from his years on the fire department, while Amy used her skills as a nurse to assess Stella’s condition.
“Ohhhh, son of a bitch this hurts,” Stella cried, her breaths coming in short, ragged pants.
“Let’s lay her down,” Amy instructed, and helped Alex lower Stella to the floor, where she immediately checked her pulse.
Fast, but not overly fast. Well within the range of where she would expect it to be under the circumstances.
“Is she going to be okay?” Alex asked nervously, never taking his eyes off his bride.
“She’s going to be fine, Alex. Women have babies every day, but we do need to get her to the hospital.”
Kyle stood over them now. “Lindsay is pulling the truck around. It will be faster than waiting for an ambulance, and Stella can lie out across the backseat.”
“Okay, Stella, the guys are going to carry you to the truck. You ready?”
“Ahhhhh…”
“I’ll take that as a yes.” Amy stepped out of the way, and Kyle took her place. “Alright, on three. Ready; one, two, lift.” 
With her arms draped around both men’s shoulders, Stella groaned in pain as they quickly, but steadily navigated the icy concrete steps and loaded her into the backseat of Kyle’s pickup.
“What about the party? The guests? I feel so bad.”
“Screw the guests, you’re having a baby. I’m sure everyone will understand.” Amy would have laughed if Stella hadn’t looked so serious. “I’ll stay behind and make sure everything is taken care of. I’ll see you guys at the hospital. Now, go!”
Doors slammed closed, and in a flash the truck took off, followed closely by Victoria’s yellow Camaro and Alex’s parents’ BMW.
In the wake of such excitement, Amy’s whole body trembled, the side effects of coming down from such a powerful adrenaline high. She was still trying to recover when she felt a warm presence at her back.
“That was incredible.”
Max. She’d somehow managed to forget about the sexy bodyguard over the course of the last hour or so, but her body sure hadn’t. She turned to face him.
“Not incredible. Just my job.”
“You’re being modest. Not something I expected from someone like you.”
Amy’s lips curved up in a smile. “Oh, I’m just full of surprises.”
Max mumbled something that sounded like “I bet” then he grew red-faced and dipped his head a little. “Here, you must be freezing.” He slipped off his jacket and wrapped it around her shoulders.
Damn, he was even sexier when he got embarrassed. Max was obviously a guy used to being in control, and for whatever reason, he didn’t like that Amy had gotten under his skin. Something she planned to do a lot more of in the days and weeks to come. Max was a challenge to her, and Amy had never backed down from a challenge in her life.
It didn’t matter that she didn’t know anything about him other than he was a drop-dead gorgeous P.I. with the ability to set her body on fire with a single look. Really, what more was there to know?
The only question now was, how long would it take for him to admit defeat?

––––

By the time he had arrived at the hotel earlier in the day, Max had all but convinced himself his attraction to Amy was nothing more than a reaction to losing Jess as a lover. Simply his body’s way of reminding him that he hadn’t been with a woman in a while, and given his workload, probably wouldn’t be again anytime soon.
Then he’d watched Amy walk down the aisle in that form-fitting pale yellow dress, the silky fabric hugging every single one of her curves like it was painted on her flawless skin, and all rational thought had gone out the window. The woman was like a walking ad for sex, and twice as tempting. He couldn’t forget her even if he tried, and he had. Tried that is. But every time he closed his eyes all he saw were those vibrant green eyes and plump pink lips.
Even now, standing outside in below freezing temps, Amy’s tongue coming out to wet the edges of said lips was causing Max to shift uncomfortably.
It was then he realized how doomed he really was.
Doomed.
With a capital D.
“We should get back inside. You shouldn’t be out in the open like this.” He may be on the verge of a nervous break down from trying to remain professional while in her presence, but the threat hanging over Amy was never far from Max’s mind. “I’m going to have my team talk to the hotel staff and get everything squared away, that way you can get to the hospital.”
Amy paused on the steps. “Uh, that might be a problem.”
“Why?” And then he remembered. “You rode over with your brother, didn’t you?”
She nodded. “Not only that, but since someone has forbidden me to go anywhere alone, I guess that means you’re sort of stuck with me, huh?”
“I guess so.” Max cleared his throat anxiously “I’ll need a little bit to get everything handled.”
“Anything I can help you handle?” She smiled wickedly, her question clearly rhetorical, as she pressed against him a lot more than necessary on her way through the doorway.
Forgetting all about his previous worries as Amy’s hip rubbed up against his hard muscles, Max braced himself against the need spiraling through him.
He took a deep breath and caught a hint of her shampoo. Sweet and exotic mixed with something he was starting to recognize as distinctly Amy.
“I’ll be in the ballroom when you’re ready,” she beamed with a knowing look, and Max had no doubt the extra bit of sway and swish in her hips as she walked away was purely for his benefit.
And damn if his cock didn’t grow another painful inch in appreciation. 
Thankfully, after talking to his team and calling Mason, when they made it to the parking structure he had something else to focus on other than Amy’s curves and how delicious she smelled.
“Wait here,” he ordered, leaving her inside the elevator while he searched the level.
Doing a thorough sweep of the area, Max found nothing out of the ordinary and walked back to where she still stood, looking annoyed, yet amused.
“I assume the Abominable Snowman isn’t waiting in the shadows to carry me away?”
Ignoring the obviously sarcastic question, Max led the way to his vehicle and helped Amy up into the lifted truck and closed the door.
Get it together, he told himself on his way to the driver’s side. His inability to think or act normally around this woman had moved from funny to plain ole pathetic. His attraction to her was unlike anything he’d ever experienced, but he knew better than to act on it, knew that all that temptation would lead to nothing but trouble.
Only, as he got around to opening the driver’s side door, trouble, it seemed, was ready for him.
“My my my, Mr. Cranston, what a big truck you have.” The playful glint in Amy’s eyes as he pulled himself up set warning bells off inside his head, but still, he didn’t look away. “You know what they say about men with big trucks?”
The corner of his mouth twitched with barely suppressed amusement as he brought the big diesel engine rumbling to life.
“Nope.” He feigned ignorance. “Just what do they say?”
“Well, rumor has it that men with big trucks like to try and fit them in… small places.” Those plump lips he couldn’t stop wanting to taste bowed into another devilish smirk. The unobstructed bench seat stretched out between them making it entirely too easy for Amy to join him on the driver’s side, the close proximity pressing her breast enticingly against his upper arm as she leaned in to whisper, “What about you, P.I. ? Any tight places you’d like to drive into?”
In the time it took for either of them to comprehend what was happening, Max’s hands were in Amy’s hair, his mouth covering hers. He knew he’d regret what he was doing, that he shouldn’t be laying her out across the seat and shoving his leg between her spread thighs––that he should stop his palms from inching their way under the hem of her dress to the underside of her breasts––but he couldn’t; not while his lips were tingling with the electricity zapping between the two of them.
He was rough. Rougher than he probably should have been as his tongue demanded entrance into the sweet heaven of her mouth. Then she moaned and he thought he really had died and gone to heaven because it was the most erotic sound he had ever heard or probably would again.
The soft press of her curves as she rolled up against his straining cock made the throbbing in his pants nearly unbearable.
“Max!” His name was a gasp from her lips as she pulled back to look down at where his hands were hidden under her gown.
Max did the same and tentatively rubbed his thumb across her nipple, watching her eyes roll to the back of her head as she moaned again.
Oh, God she feels good…and tastes even better.
He bent forward and captured her lips once more, couldn’t imagine ever getting enough of her, until somewhere in the back of his mind a light bulb finally clicked on, and he remembered where they were, not to mention, who they were to each other. And as much as it pained him to do so, he finally had to force himself to pull back enough to rest his forehead against hers.
“I shouldn’t have done that…” he lamented, while doing his best to take steadying breaths. “But honestly I can’t even lie and say that I’m sorry I did.”
“That’s good,” Amy winked, “because neither am I.”
At this rate, Max was afraid he was going to have to visit the emergency room for an erection lasting longer than four hours even without the little blue pill, because ever since he met her, neither Max nor his soldier, had been at ease.
Covering her mouth with his one last time, Max slowly and reluctantly shifted his body away from hers. He could hear her whimpers of both anguish and understanding when he finally managed to make it back to his side of the truck and put it in gear.
In all of his thirty-two years, Max couldn’t remember ever feeling this good, this alive, or this…mystified by any one person.
 His brain told him to forget about how perfectly Amy’s body had fit against his; be the person he was hired to be and nothing else. But his body had other ideas.
Because even though mixing business and pleasure rarely worked, as he maneuvered his truck around the cement pillars of the parking garage, Max found himself wavering between what was right and the woman right in front of him.
An impossible decision, made all the worse by the taste of her still lingering on his tongue.

––––

At the hospital, the pleasure and delight Amy had felt in the truck from Max finally having gotten out of his own head and taking what she was offering evaporated the minute she saw Stella being rushed by on a gurney.
“Prep operating room two and call Dr. Hayes to get up here immediately,” Stella’s doctor barked out orders to a nurse, who pulled out a hospital cell phone and relayed the message. 
At the end of the hall, a set of double doors opened and the staff hurried through, a worried looking Alex following closely behind.
 “What’s going on?”
It took Victoria a few seconds to answer her dad’s question, understandably upset as she’d just watched her sister being rushed to surgery, but eventually explained that the baby’s heart rate dropped, which sometimes happened during labor, Amy knew, but when it didn’t bounce back like it should the doctors became worried and ordered an emergency C-section.
Silence fell over an already subdued waiting area, with nothing else to do but wait and worry.
Minutes turned into almost an hour, and Amy was starting to become concerned that they hadn’t heard anything, when the doors finally opened again and Alex emerged. Wearing an all white paper suit and a blue mesh cap on his head, he slipped the mask from his face, revealing a wobbly smile.
“It’s a girl.” Alex looked up, tears filling his eyes. “Six pounds, eight ounces, and absolutely perfect in every way.”
A collective sigh of relief and then cheers and congratulations erupted through the room. One by one they took turns hugging not only Alex, but each other as well.
The celebrating was still going on when a different nurse than before stood in the doorway, trying to get Alex’s attention.
“Mr. Gray, your daughter is ready now if you want to come with me,” the nurse, dressed all in blue, said with a smile.
“My daughter,” Alex said, wonder in his voice. “I have a daughter.”
 “Yes, you do. Right this way.”
Not wasting any time once Alex disappeared, grandparents, aunts, uncles, and friends hurried to the large glass window of the nursery.
Standing next to Stella’s stepmom, Penny––all but pressing her nose against the glass as a nurse and Alex wheeled a plastic tub toward the waiting crowd––Amy couldn’t help but let loose a few tears when she saw the sweet, chubby cheeked baby wrapped all in pink.
Bella Gray was her name. And just like her daddy had said, she was perfect in every way.

––––

In the shadows of the stairwell, a dark-clothed figure lay in wait, unsatisfied with the response and respect given to their first well thought out ‘gift’. Breathing in, the giver caught the sweet scent of roses, another present for Amy.
All out of patience to wait any longer, the figure emerged and slunk down the hallway to the door, a brand new, freshly cut key allowing access to the high-end space.
“You really should be more careful where you keep your purse, Wilde.”
Using only the light of the moon, a merry humming began through smiling lips as Amy’s welcome home present was arranged.




Chapter Eight


Max pulled his truck into the wide double drive he shared with his neighbor and killed the engine. It felt like weeks since he’d been home, the cream-colored siding and large oak trees a welcomed sight to his sleep-deprived eyes. Even better was the sound of Goliath’s barking as he came in the back door, where he was immediately knocked on his ass.
“Whoa, boy. Easy,” he said, barely able to get the words out between excited doggy licks. Not to mention that, for whatever reason, his St. Bernard thought he was a lap dog and had his two giant front paws firmly planted in Max’s gut as he continued to bath him with wet kisses. “Alright, boy, alright. Yes, I missed you too.”
That earned him another round of licks before he finally managed to free himself enough to gasp, “Want a treat?”
At the word treat, Goliath gave a happy bark and raced to the bin that held his food and other indulgences, making Max chuckle as he wiped slobber off his face and rolled to his feet.
Tail thumping excitedly, Goliath scarfed down two beef sticks in record time, then ran out of the breezeway and came back with his ball.
“Let me get something to eat, Buddy, and then we’ll play.”
Goliath barked excitedly and dropped the ball at Max’s feet. He laughed and threw it anyway.
A quick check of his cabinets and fridge turned up nothing more than a half gallon of expired milk, a few bags of chips, and what probably used to be a loaf of bread but now looked more like a bluish-green lump sitting on his counter.
“How could I have forgotten there wasn’t any food here?” he mumbled, and plopped down on the couch. But he knew the answer.
Amy!
She had him so tied up in knots, he didn’t know which way was up by the time he left the hospital, siting work and errands as his reason for leaving, which wasn’t a total lie. He had stopped by the lab to check on the status of the letter. Turned out, it was exactly how Max thought it would be. Other than a few tiny hairs stuck in the adhesive used to stick the letters to the page, no other evidence had been uncovered. His reasons for leaving just had more to do with the fact that no matter what he said or how he said it, lust, heavy and thick, still hung in the air between them. 
“Knock, knock.”
“In here, Willow.”
Max rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands and groaned. He had to stop thinking about her. He needed to concentrate on finding the person responsible for terrorizing her and keep Amy safe, then he could take a nice long vacation and lose himself in a willing and age appropriate woman on a tropical beach somewhere far, far away.
From his spot on the couch, Max saw his neighbor balancing a large dish as she tried to toe off her boots and avoid tripping over his overexcited dog all at the same time.
“Goliath, go lay down,” he said in an easy, but firm tone.
“Oh, he’s fine,” Willow remarked, wobbling slightly. But like the well-trained dog he was, Goliath listened to the command given and went to lie down on his pillow, happy to chew on his bone.
“Here, let me help you with that.”
Max carefully lifted the glass rectangle from her hands and placed it on the stove, the smells emanating from the dish making his mouth water.
“It’s a breakfast casserole,” Willow supplied when she finally managed to make it all the way inside. “I made way too much and figured you’d help me eat it.”
“You figured right. I’m starving.” Max retrieved two plates and a spatula; Willow and her head full of curls sidling up next to him as he dished out the food.
Once upon a time, back when he first bought his house and Willow was nothing more to him than the annoying woman next door who played her weird gypsy music too loud, and he the asshole with the big truck that always blocked the drive, Max never would have guessed the two of them would one day be standing shoulder to shoulder in his kitchen, getting ready to eat something Willow made without having to worry about it being poisoned.
Now it was practically habit.
After getting over the initial impressions of one another, he and Willow had actually become quite close. She made him food and helped with Goliath if he needed her to since she was an author and worked from home most of the time, and he fixed things around her house when they broke and took care of her yard in the summer.
It was the healthiest and most well-balanced relationship Max had ever had with a woman. It was also completely platonic, despite what his family and friends may think.
If he would have known how much grief they would give him for having a female friend, he would have videotaped the night he and Willow gave making out a shot.
Talk about awkward.
It was like kissing his sister. Not that he would know what that was like, but he imagined the uncomfortable feeling he got after would probably be pretty close.
“What are you grinning about, James Bond?” Willow asked, taking her spot on the couch, plate in hand.
“I haven’t had a chance to change yet,” Max groused, and took the opposite end, completely aware how ridiculous a picture he made in his tux pants and white dress shirt, having already ditched the jacket hours before. “And I was just thinking about the night you and I watched Friends with Benefits.”
Willow groaned. “I thought we agreed never to speak of that night again. I still can’t watch or even think about that movie without getting the heebie geebies.”
“You’re the one that said we should try it.”
“And you agreed, so shut up and eat your food before I decide you’re an obnoxious pain in the ass and make you starve,” she demanded, the mass of bangles on her wrist chiming from her wild gesturing.
“You wouldn’t do that. You like me too much.”
Willow snorted. “Your story.”
“True story.” Max grinned, stuffing his face full of some sort of sausage, egg concoction. It was actually really good. “Speaking of stories… How’s work going? Get your latest book done yet?”
“Ha! I wish.”
“Still got writer’s block, huh?”
“I have good days and bad. Most days I’ll work and work then wake up the next day, decide it sucks, and delete the whole thing. At this rate, I’ll be lucky to finish it in the next twenty years, give or take a disastrous relationship or two. My editor is ready to kill me.”
“I’m sure you’ll get it. You always do.”
“We’ll see.” Willow shifted on the couch, tucking one leg underneath the other. “How about you? Last I knew you were gearing up for a vacation. What happened? Mason guilt you into yet another case?”
“Something like that. You done?” Max stood and took their now empty plates to the kitchen, where he scraped bits of food into the trash, and filled the sink. 
Willow trailed after him, grabbing a towel from the drawer; eyebrow raised questioningly when he started scrubbing.
“What?”
“Nothing. Nothing at all.”
“No, you’ve got that irritating know-it-all smirk on your face. If you have something to say, just say it. I’m too tired to guess.”
She took the plate he was rinsing and dried it. “What’s her name?”
 Max refused to fall into the trap Willow was so skilled at setting to catch people up in their lies, so he turned back to the sink. “Her name’s Amy.”
“Client or subject?”
“I think you know me better than that.” There were just some lines that could never be crossed in his line of work, and falling for the subject of an investigation was one of them.
“So, client then.”
“Yes, a very young client.”
“How young?” Willow asked, fearfully. Max flicked water at her.
“Not illegal young. Geez, give me a little credit. She’s twenty-four.”
“Hmm.”
“Hmm? That’s all you’ve got. Just, hmm.”
“What do you want me to say? You’re not offering up a lot here yourself. I mean, it’s obvious you’re torn about something, so what is it? Is it the age, or is it that she’s a client?”
“I don’t know. A little of both, I guess. But mostly the age.” Max pulled the plug and drained the water, hands gripping the edge of the counter as he watched the bubbles pop one by one. “Then again I’ve never muddied the waters with a client either, so…”
“So…”
“So, this is where you, my sole female friend, are supposed to step in and give me some sage piece of advice. Point me in the right direction. Something. Anything.”
“Do you like her?”
“I barely know her.”
“That’s not what I asked. Do. You. Like her? It’s a pretty simple question.”
And when he thought about it, he knew the answer was just as simple. “Yeah, I kind of do.”
“Do you think she likes you?”
“What is this, junior high? Check yes or no?”
“Do you want my ‘sage’ advice or not?”
“Fine. Yes. I think she likes me the way a… a cat likes a scratching post.” 
“And you want to be more than a scratching post?”
Maybe. “I didn’t say that.”
“You didn’t have to. It’s written all over that ruggedly handsome face of yours.” Willow pinched his cheek, and then gave it a little smack.
“Hey, what the hell was that for?” Max asked, rubbing the abused flesh.
“For being an idiot. Just because you look like a hard ass, doesn’t mean you have to act like one.” Willow went to the door and started pulling on her boots. “You wanted my advice, and there it is. Quit being an idiot and go with your gut. If it doesn’t work, it doesn’t work. You’ll still do your job like you always do, and then it will be on to the next case. No harm, no foul.”
“Next time I think I’ll take the good advice without the assault.” Max grumbled, calling for Goliath, who was still lying on his pillow gnawing on his bone. He pointed.
“Outside, boy.”
Goliath did as he asked; taking care of business while Max saw Willow out.
“Thanks for the food, and for taking care of Goliath for me this past week.”
“Don’t mention it. I really don’t mind. He’s a good dog,” she said, scratching between Goliath’s ears when he came back inside. “I’m gonna go back home and try not to throw my laptop out the window. Call me later if you need me to come over and smack you some more. I have to admit, it was kind of fun. Tootles.”
Max waited until he heard Willow’s screen door slam shut and saw her lights come on before he closed his own door and went back inside. After being up for more than a day, all he wanted to do now was sleep. Crawl into bed––his bed, the one he hadn’t slept in for well over a week––and slip into a small coma for a day or so. Would that happen? No. There was still work to be done, and he’d already made plans to be at Spring Towers by five o’clock that evening, but the idea of doing so was nice and he wandered in that direction.
It couldn’t have been more than an hour after he lay down when his phone started to ring. When he ignored it, there was a short pause, before the call rang through again.
Max groggily turned from his stomach to his side and reached for his phone.
When he saw the name on the screen, he came instantly awake. “Cooper? What’s going on? Is Amy okay?”
“I thought you’d want to know there’s been a break in.”
“A break in? When?”
“Don’t know.” Cooper exhaled loudly. “We just got home from the hospital and the place is destroyed.” 
“Alright, I’m on my way. Don’t touch anything. Go down to the lobby and wait for me there.”
Max slapped the phone closed and scrambled into his jeans.
Seeing Goliath’s laid-back ears as he was rushing out the door, Max paused long enough to run his hand down the dog’s back. “Don’t worry, boy. I’ll be back.”
Goliath’s big tongue hung out at the happy news and Max shut the door, jumped into his truck, and sped away.
All of his thoughts focused on one person and one person only. He hoped she was okay. Not only had this monster vandalized her car and scared her with his words, but now he had graduated to violating where she lived. And he had a feeling that if whoever was doing these things wasn’t caught soon, with the way things were escalating, innocent parties would no doubt be collateral damage in this psychopath’s sick game.
Taking a right at the next street, Max smashed the accelerator to the floor, praying he was wrong.




Chapter Nine


When Max finally arrived and allowed them to go into the condo, Amy wasn’t sure what to expect. In her mind, she imagined a few broken plates and other items scattered around the place, but what she saw before her was a nightmare come to life.
Books were knocked off shelves; plants were upturned with piles of dirt mounded on the carpet beneath. Stuffing and other components from the leather sectional were sticking out from various spots where it appeared someone had taken a knife through each and every cushion.
So many items had been damaged; beautiful items, expensive items, items that were worthless in monetary value but meant a lot to both her and her brother.
The picture frame that held the photo of Amy in her cap and gown holding her nursing diploma was lying on the floor near her feet. She bent down to pick it up, but Max stopped her with a hand on her shoulder.
“I’m sorry, Amy, but it’s evidence. We should wait until the cops get here before you touch anything.”
Amy nodded her understanding; silently tip toeing her way over shards of glass and other debris to get to her room.
She fought the tears building. More than a hint of anger sparked inside of her when she saw the unnecessary damage and destruction that continued into that room as well.
Scraps of pink dotted the carpet, her once beautiful curtains reduced to nothing more than rayon confetti. On her bed, red rose petals stood out in stark contrast to the white of the comforter. With each step closer, a pattern emerged. Amy read the message. 

DIE BITCH DIE

She felt her legs go weak. Strong arms saved her when she would have fallen to the floor.
“Whoa, easy. I’ve got you.”
Max eased Amy into the zebra print hang-a-round chair that sat in the corner, one of the only objects untouched by the madness.
When he knelt in front of her, speaking softly, Amy concentrated on the even timber of his tone, letting the world around her disappear until only he existed. She couldn’t explain it, but somehow knowing Max was there soothed her.
“Breathe. Slow. Easy. Just breathe.”
And with every deep rise and fall of her chest, she began to regain some of her composure and control.
Max searched her face, his eyes softening with a smile, as he brushed aside the stray piece of hair that had fallen loose from her ponytail.
“The cops are on their way up,” Cooper announced, his words trailing off as his eyes zeroed in on the intimate position of Max’s hand against her cheek, eyebrow raised curiously. “What’s going on?”
Amy bit her bottom lip, then gently lowered Max’s hand and stood on shaky legs, pulling Max to his feet as she went.
“My Secret Santa left me another message.” She nodded toward the bed, hoping to distract Cooper from what he’d witnessed.
It worked.
Her brother was so fixated on the ominous words spelled out with flower petals on her bed he missed Amy and Max staring at one another. She winked and Max grinned before leaving the room when a knock sounded at the front door, but not before giving her arm another reassuring squeeze.
With her own personal distraction out of sight, she joined her brother beside the bed.
“I’m so sorry, Cooper.”
He turned around so fast she thought he might fall over.
“Don’t.” Cooper closed the distance between them, all the air rushing from her lungs when he hugged her close. “This wasn’t your fault, so stop blaming yourself. All I care about is keeping you safe. Things can be replaced. You can’t.”
Her throat burned with unshed tears as she nodded, but no matter what Cooper said or how many ways he said it, she couldn’t bring herself to shed the guilt.
They stayed like that for several breaths, each drawing comfort from the other, until the sound of familiar voices echoed down the hall.
“Sounds like the detectives are here.”
“Are you sure you’re ready for this?”
“As ready as I’ll ever be, I guess.”
But the nonchalance of her words did nothing to calm the fresh wave of nerves churning in her gut.
Head down, heart heavy, Amy followed her brother out of the room, a room she knew she’d never rest peacefully in again, and joined the growing group of law enforcement and crime scene techs as they waded through the tattered remnants of her and Cooper’s lives.
Thirty painful minutes later, Max was on one side of the living room discussing what he’d managed to uncover during his whole one day of investigating with Detective York, while Cooper was off with another detective giving his statement.
Having already told the detectives everything she could, Amy stood outside on the balcony, freezing her ass off, but no matter how cold she was it sure beat the hell out of watching all of her tainted belongings being tagged and bagged.
So much for living in a secure building.
She wanted to be angry with the security staff at Spring Towers, wanted to blame them for not doing their jobs, but all that anger, all that blame would be misplaced. The truth was if it weren’t for Amy’s own selfishness none of it would have happened to begin with.
She peered out over the side of the balcony at the street below. At least there weren’t any news crews. Her biggest fear in all of this was the affect it could have on her brother and his career as a sport’s broadcaster. So far, the press hadn’t caught wind of what was going on, and she wanted to make sure it stayed that way.
All her life Amy had had people taking care of her and cleaning up her messes. First it was her parents then her brother, now Alex was even calling in favors for her. It was a habit Amy hated with a passion, but could never seem to break.
That ended today.
From now on, she was going to fix things herself; starting with moving out.
It was one thing to be a teenager on a path of self-destruction, because physically she was only hurting herself. By staying where she was, now Cooper’s safety was being put at risk, and Amy would never forgive herself if he were harmed because of her.
Taking one last look at the spectacular views she would no longer come home to every day, Amy slid back the heavy glass door, her frozen fingers and cheeks grateful for the warmth.
Forcing herself to focus on getting to her room and packing a bag, blocking out the forensic unit and cops still milling around, Amy pulled out her duffel bag and started opening drawers.
“You wouldn’t be trying to runaway, would you?” Max’s question slowed Amy’s movements, but didn’t stop them.
“I’m not running away,” she said, opening the next drawer, emptying it, and then moving to the closet. “But you and I both know I can’t stay here. My brother doesn’t deserve this.”
“Neither do you.”
“That’s debatable.” Amy shoved several pairs of scrub pants and tops into the bag. She would have to come back for the rest once she found a place.
“Where are you gonna go?”
Good question.
Originally, she thought about asking Lindsay and Kyle, but after seeing what her ‘admirer’ was capable of, staying with friends or relatives was no longer an option.
“Amy?”
She took a deep breath, tightening her grip on the bag. When she finally found her voice, it was so clogged with unshed tears the words came out barely above a whisper.
“I don’t know.”
Max came forward, prying the duffel from her still slightly frozen fingers, and tilted her face so she was now staring into his dark eyes. “Listen. I understand you’re upset and worried, but hopefully with the police involved now this whole thing will be over a lot sooner than we thought. And since I’m not going to let you out of my sight until that happens, why don’t you stay with me?”
Amy’s eyes widened and she couldn’t keep the surprise out of her voice when she asked, “With you?”
“Yes, with me.” That deep voice chuckled. “I have the extra space, and I swear, my intentions are nothing but honorable. Not only that, but it will make protecting you that much easier. What do you say?”
Honestly, she wasn’t sure what to say. Here she was only minutes ago bound and determined to stand on her own two feet and take care of herself, but Max made a good point. All of her determination would be for not if her new ‘friend’ got to her only because her stupid pride got in the way.
Internal debate over, Amy looked up at an expectant Max and whispered, “Okay.”
The look on his face was equal parts panicked and relieved.
“Great.” He said in a rush. “Detective York needs to ask you a few more questions, but then we can head out.” He slung her bag over his shoulder. “I’ll tell Cooper about the new change in plans.”
“Sounds good.”
He started to leave the room, but Amy called him back before he could disappear.
“What’s up?”
“I just wanted you to know that I really do appreciate everything you’re doing for me. Aside from my family, I’ve never really had that before, so thank you.”
“No thanks necessary. I’m happy to do it.” He smiled and walked away with a wink, only to beckoned a second time.
“Yeeees?”
This time her grin was anything but friendly, as she sashayed her way toward him, knowing it wasn’t the time or place but not really wanting to stop herself either.
Scarcely a hair’s width of space between them now, Amy stopped just shy of rubbing up against him when she leaned in and purred, “There’s something else you should know.”
Carefully watching her every move now as if she were a Siren calling him toward the rocky shore, Max held his ground even as his Adams apple bobbed and his breath hitched. “Oh yeah? And what’s that?”
She pushed up onto her toes, and with a quick side-eyed peak down the hallway to make sure they had no audience, skimmed the shell of his ear with her lips and whispered, “Honor is great, but orgasms are better.”
With that she turned on her heel and walked away, happy to leave Max and his imagination to run as wild as she wanted him to be.




Chapter Ten


The first time Max saw Amy, she took his breath away. Now as she wandered around his house, looking anywhere and everywhere all at once, Max was surprised at how right it felt to have her there, filling his space with her stunning beauty and unbreakable spirit.
She loosened the colorful scarf that was looped around her neck as she moved, finally stopping near the shelf of hand carved figurines that sat above his television, running her fingers along the lacquered wood.
“These are beautiful,” she commented with a certain amount of awe in her voice. “Did you make them?”
Max shook his head. Even after almost ten years, the same ping of sorrow nicked his heart when he thought about the man who’d sculpted the Scottish symbols for love, faith, and family out of nothing more than leftover wood from a fallen tree.
“My grandfather carved those about a year before he passed away. He made a set for each of us.”
“Us?”
“Me, and my three brothers and two sisters. There’s also a set at my grandmother’s house, as well as my mom’s.”
Her mouth hung open. “Six? Six kids?”
Max nodded.
“Huh. And I thought one sibling to contend with was bad,” she said sort of off handedly, and continued to admire the figures, while Max hung back admiring Amy and thinking how much Poppy would have liked her. His grandfather always said there was nothing more beautiful than a woman being unapologetically herself, and from everything Max had seen so far, Amy was definitely not afraid of doing just that.
But it was more than her self-assurance. It was everything.
From her smart mouth and quick wit, to her protectiveness of her family and daring confidence, Amy was unlike any woman he had ever met before or probably would again. A woman whose smile alone made his heart beat faster, making him an idiot, as Willow had put it, if he walked away from something or someone like that, without at least giving it a shot and seeing where it could lead.
“Why are you staring at me like that?” Amy gave him a bemused smirk.
Because I’ve run out of reasons not to, Max thought, but to Amy he said, “I was just thinking about my grandfather and how wise he was.”
“How long ago did he pass away?”
“It will be ten years in January.”
“You miss him, don’t you?” It was more of a statement than a question, but Max nodded anyway.
“Every day. Poppy and Gigi––that’s what me and my brothers and sisters call our grandparents––were together nearly fifty years. They owned a thousand acre farm about an hour from here until Poppy got sick and they had to sell off most of it to pay for his medical bills. Gigi wanted to sell it all, but Poppy refused to let her sell the house. Said he’d come back as a gnat and buzz in her ear all day if she didn’t drop it.” Max smiled at the memory. “They drove each other crazy, but even when he was lying in the hospital and the cancer was eating away at him, he still looked at her like she was The Hope Diamond, Atlantis, and his favorite bottle of whiskey all rolled into one.”
“He sounds like a remarkable man.”
“That he was.”
Max was stunned at how easily conversation flowed between them, especially when the topic was one that was usually very difficult for him to talk about, but with Amy the words just poured out of him.
Her gaze shifted between Max and the figurines then back again like she was trying to figure something out. She eventually came closer and leaned in.
 “Thank you for telling me that story.”
The gentleness of the kiss mixed with the quiet sincerity of her words wrapped around Max’s heart like a warm blanket. He hadn’t seen this side of Amy before. Up until now it had been all full force, guns blazing Amy. Max liked that side of her, but now that he had caught a glimpse of something else––an almost reserved vulnerability Max was sure she didn’t let many people see––he adored her even more.
“You’re welcome.” He lifted her bag from the floor and tipped his head. “Come on. I’ll show you the rest of the house, and once your settled, you can give me a list of all the things you might need while you’re here.”
And as they started toward the bedrooms, Max was glad he’d thought ahead and had Willow keep Goliath at her place. Otherwise showing Amy around would have been nearly impossible with two hundred pounds of fur and drool under foot, crying and begging for attention.
His house wasn’t huge or fancy, only two bedrooms and a bathroom upstairs, with a finished basement that he used for an office/gym, but for Max and Goliath it was home; a simple place for a man with simple needs. The only changes he had really made since buying the place was a complete remodel of the bathroom so he could have a walk-in shower, and adding a wall in the basement.
“And here is your room,” he said when they reached the last door on the left, already missing the warmth of Amy against his side. “I know it’s not what you’re used to, but I hope you’ll be comfortable.”
“What I’m used to?” Amy gave him another one of those bemused grins and slipped her bag from his hand, sitting it on the bed. “Up until four months ago, I lived with my parents in a house not much bigger than this, in the same room I’d had since I was five. I think I’ll manage just fine.”
“I just assumed…ya know. Spring Towers. Doormen. Expensive purse.” He slapped a hand over his face and could feel his cheeks warm. “I’m sorry. You know what, it’s none of my business and I’m making a complete ass of myself.”
Amy laughed. “You really are, but that’s ok. It’s actually kind of adorable.”
Max lowered his hand and glared at her use of the word adorable in regards to him, but she just smiled and kept on talking.
“Most people make the same assumptions you did when they meet me and find out where I live, who my brother is. But the reality is I’m a twenty-four year old ex drug addict, with a car that’s on its last leg, a knock off Coach purse that I paid fifty bucks for, and thousands of dollars in student loans to pay back. My address may say money, but my bank account definitely does not.” 
“Wow. That’s…honest.”
She shrugged. “Maybe. But the truth is the truth, and I’ve learned that it’s better not to sugarcoat it. I’m not ashamed of my past, so why lie about who I am? Especially to someone whose job it is to sneak around people’s personal lives and dig up dirt.”
Max bristled a little at that. “Hey, I never dig up anything on the people I work for, only the people I’m hired to snoop on, thank you very much.”
“Oh, simmer down, teapot. I was just making a point that if you wanted to, I’m sure you could find out all the juicy details about my life.”
“And what juicy details are you hiding, I wonder?”
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” Based on her chuckle, Amy thought she was pretty funny, so Max moved closer.
Caging her between the edge of the bed and his body, he made sure his inspection of her body was slow and salaciously thorough. This may be the stupidest idea he and his dick had ever had, but hell if Max was going to back down now.
“Yeah, actually I would.”
The flush on her skin grew darker and Max bent his head, intending to kiss the breath right out of her lungs, when suddenly his knee buckled and the whole room turned, his back colliding with the mattress an instant before Amy collided with his front.
By the time his brain was able to play catch up, Amy was already straddling his hips. The wicked smile she gave him all sex and sin, wrapped in a mischievous little bow.
“Hmm, not so cocky now, are ya?”
If not for the fact all the blood in his body was currently heading south, Max may have been able to respond to Amy’s taunt with something more than a strangled moan and a firm grasp on her hips, as she rocked her lower half over the solid ridge of his jean-clad cock.
Fire kindled in her eyes and the air around them practically crackled. Amy leaned forward and kissed him the way he had intended to kiss her moments before. The smooth slide of their tongues against one another sent a surge of lust flooding Max’s body like a shot of adrenaline, making his heart race even faster.
He inhaled, searching for calm. But calm wasn’t something he or his body knew when Amy was around. She bit at his lips, making them even more sensitive than they already were from the soul-stealing kiss, and Max’s own primal needs took over, taking him to a place where it was easier to feel instead of think.
He tightened his hold on Amy’s hips, giving in to his instincts to hang on to the woman making his brain short circuit as she traced his teeth and mouth with her tongue, caressing and exploring all at once.
She tasted of mint, and her mouth was paradise just like he knew it would be. Just like it had been the night before.
Biting, licking, and squeezing were Max’s way of showing Amy how much his need for her consumed him when words failed.
When kissing alone was no longer enough, Max filled his hands with Amy’s incredible ass, pulling her against his body then rolled around until their positions were reversed.
Amy flashed him another wicked smile, darting her tongue out to wet her kiss-swollen lips, automatically wrapping her legs around his waist. “Mmmm, I like a man that knows how to take charge.”
He scrambled for his last bit of sanity, straightening upright and kneeling on the bed, resting his hands on Amy’s spread thighs. Max tried to give his wildly beating heart a brief reprieve, but before he could even take one steadying breath Amy bent into a modified crunch and whipped Max’s shirt off over his head, then did the same with her own, revealing a hot pink bra that exposed more of her breasts than it concealed.
Max leaned forward, wanting those soft, perfect tits in his hands, in his mouth, all while Amy gripped his hair and arched toward him like an offering. Begging him to…
“Ssssss,” Max hissed and clamped his eyes shut. Amy’s hand had hold of his dick, working him through the barrier of denim with the best kind of pressure. “Jesus, Amy.”
A rumbling noise shook all the way through him, aggression and lust mixing inside Max until he felt like a bomb ready to detonate.
Peeling her hand free, Max pinned her arms to her sides. “You’re killing me too goddamn fast.”
“But what a way to go,” Amy practically purred.
Lowering his head, Max still held Amy’s wrist above her as he began kissing and tonguing his way down her chest, along the lacy edge of her bra, teasing her nipples with his chin until he finally took one in his mouth; fabric and all.
The wrists in his hands jerked and Amy’s hands balled into fists. She writhed beneath him. “More. Give me more,” she begged. The hard bulge in his pants was pushing against his zipper so hard Max was surprised it hadn’t busted the teeth wide open.
Every part of him was screaming to take her, hard and fast, without mercy, until neither one of them could move. With one final teasing nip, Max released both of his holds on Amy’s body, those effervescent green eyes boring into him expectantly as her skilled fingers went to work on his belt. Max’s skin buzzed with anticipation. Then he remembered what room they were in and cursed.
“What? What’s wrong?”
“Condoms,” he huffed out, arms and legs trembling. “They’re in my room.”
After that night he was going to put a stash of condoms in every goddamn room of the house so this never happened again, because right then, the ten or so feet from where they were to his bedroom felt like ten freakin’ miles.
His brain said one thing, his body and libido another. Luckily for all three of them, Amy was there to save the day. She stretched her leg and hooked the strap of her purse with her foot. And after a brief, frustrating dig held one of their foil wrapped friends up in victory.
“Problem solved.” She dropped the foil packet to the bed, never taking her eyes off him as she reached between her breasts and unclipped the clasp. Her dark challenging gaze pierced Max in a way that made him shake all over again.
The comfort Amy showed in her own skin fed Max’s need to know her better, and once he didn’t have a painfully hard spike pleading to be set free from it’s cotton prison, he intended to do just that.
“I need to be inside you.”
“Then do it,” she demanded, her eyes falling closed on a moan. “Fuck me.” She bit her full bottom lip. “Now.”
Max had been with his fair share of women over the years––some timid, some enthusiastic––but none of them had ever triggered his truly dominant side the way Amy did. He’d never felt comfortable enough with any of them to unleash the full force of his sexual energies.
Now, with Amy begging him to take her the way he wanted to, the frail thread that usually held back his hidden needs unraveled faster than the Dallas Cowboys in the playoffs.
He crawled off the bed, shucking his remaining clothes in record time, and then stripped Amy of hers. A primitive hunger roared to life inside him when he saw the glistening evidence of her arousal on her bare and swollen folds.
Reaching out, he slid his finger between her slit, inside her hot, tight channel.
“Jesus,” he murmured, voice gruff and unrecognizable to his own ears. “You’re incredible all over.”
“Please,” Amy moaned, and her pleading was his undoing.
Max tore open the condom packet, rolled the latex down his shaft, and yanked Amy to the edge of the bed. Suffocating heat surrounded his dick from tip to base as he drove into Amy for the first time all the way to the hilt.
“Fuck!”
He stilled instantly “Fuck good? Or fuck bad?”
Lord knew he didn’t want to stop what they had started, but he would in an instant if she were in pain or needed a minute to adjust.
Turned out, an adjustment was the last thing Amy needed, as she kicked him like a bareback rider spurred on a bucking bronco.
“Fuck, would you stop talking so much and fuck me, fuck.” Her heels dug into his ass, pulling him closer and Max couldn’t help but huff out a laugh. He didn’t need anymore of a green light than that.
Grabbing her by the hips, Max pulled back slowly, methodically giving shallow stabs with just the tip, teasing the hell out of not only her, but himself as well, until more delicious whimpers and a few threats began spilling from her mouth.
“Max fucking Cranston, I swear to God if you don’t start moving faster than a snail on pot I’m going to kick your ass!”
Oh yeah, she’s pretty fucking perfect.
Max dipped down and stole a hard, fast kiss from Amy’s compressed lips then slammed home once again. This time when she cried out he didn’t stop.
Hips pumping rapidly, Max speared his cock into the heated vee of Amy’s legs again and again until his own legs threatened to give out and he had to shift onto his knees.
He brought her mouth to his; driving his tongue into the warm, wet depths, the desire for a deeper connection overwhelming him.
 Amy’s nails dug into his back, her pussy clamping down tight on his dick as he continued the unrelenting pace.
“Yes. Yes, just like that. Fuck!” Her legs fell open wider and her head thrashed back and forth. 
Max locked his arms and held his chest up, while everything below his waist pumped faster and faster. He was close. He hooked one of Amy’s legs with his arm and watched the pleasure of the new angle spread across her face. “Now! Now, now, now.”
Max gritted his teeth, trying to ride out her orgasm but it was useless.
Working against the tight grip of Amy’s contracting muscles, Max’s orgasm ripped through him with enough force to set off a seismograph in California.
One, two more pumps and he collapsed. Being mindful of Amy’s smaller frame below him, Max landed on the mattress with a grunt, Amy’s soft muscles instantly curling against his harder ones as she slid her leg over his, stroking her fingers languidly over his torso.
A less than romantic post-sex cuddle considering they were both dripping with sweat, but Max didn’t care if they ended up stuck together. That had been the single best sex of his life and he wasn’t ready for the moment to end quite yet.
Warily, he waited for regret to sink in, and when it didn’t, Max pulled Amy even closer. Wondering how someone he’d met less than forty-eight hours before could feel like she belonged in his arms forever…




Chapter Eleven


Amy awoke slowly, eyelids fluttering, body still humming. Groggily, she rolled to her back; arms stretched high above her head, enjoying the deep and satisfying aches only the well used could appreciate.
Trying to wake fully, she sat up and glanced around the room. Her clothes and bags were in a heap on the floor where they’d been kicked off during her and Max’s impassioned afternoon tryst. But where was Max?
A swell of emotion gripped her belly and warmth spread through her chest as heated images of the two of them together came flooding back.
He may have the body and moves of a bad boy, but after listening to him talk about his grandparents and being on the receiving end of his caring nature more than once, Amy feared if she wasn’t careful, she could very easily fall hard and fast for the sexy P.I. A man that turned her body inside out, teased and tormented, making Amy fly higher than any drug ever had.
Every second of their raw and fervent lovemaking had been incredible, but if whatever was holding him back before was the reason he wasn’t beside her now, well then, Amy was just going to have to find him and demand he get the hell over it.
 Kicking her legs over the side of the bed, Amy began digging through her mound of clothes for something to wear when she spotted Max’s t-shirt lying on the floor. The same one she’d ripped off over his head, exposing all those long, lean, tattooed muscles that she’d in no way gotten her fill of just yet.
Foregoing all other apparel or under garments, Amy slid the too big shirt over her head––relishing in the scent of Max’s cologne as it surrounded her––as she peaked into his room and found the tidy space inviting, but empty.
Stepping back into the hallway, she was relieved to find a thin beam of light coming from the partially opened basement door
From the tour earlier, she knew he had an office and a home gym down there, making her curious as to which facility he was currently taking advantage of. If she went down there right now, would she find him sitting behind a desk, concentrating hard on information that might lead to her tormentor, or would he be lifting free weights in nothing more than a pair of shorts, body covered in sweat?
It didn’t matter. Either way, he’d look so hot that Amy wouldn’t be able to keep her hands off him. And since she didn’t know if he would appreciate being interrupted, she kept on walking past the basement door and into the bathroom, brushing her teeth and taking care of business before heading into the kitchen for some water and a bite to eat.
After finding a cup and downing a glass of water, Amy snacked on a handful of potato chips––the only food to be found in the otherwise bare cabinets.
She thought about ordering takeout, but didn’t know what Max would like. She checked the time. A little after seven. She’d give him another half an hour, and if he still hadn’t come up by then Amy would go down and demand he feed her.
 Grabbing another handful of chips, Amy wandered through the house, looking at pictures and other knick-knacks, before heading back to her room to organize the mess they’d made. When that was done, she browsed a few social media sites, made some calls, and basically kept herself busy so she wouldn’t be tempted to bug Max before the self-imposed deadline she’d given him was up.
At seven thirty-five, however, all bets were off. When she reached the bottom of the stairs, Amy could hear Max’s voice, but because of a makeshift wall behind the rack of weights she couldn’t see him. She inched closer.
“Were you able to get a sketch of the delivery guy from the doorman’s description yet? Well why not? No, I’m not telling you how to do your job, but that description is the best lead we have right now. Fine, I’ll call back tomorrow.”
The very distinct sound of a phone being slammed down was followed by a mumbled “arrogant prick” from Max and a bark from the dog she had yet to meet.
“Sorry, boy. I didn’t mean to scare you,” Max cooed, and Amy threw her hands in the air. The universal sign for ‘I give up’.
Seriously, did the man have any flaws?
Even now, as she leaned against the doorframe and watched Max, who wore a pair of low hung sweats and no shirt, bare feet propped up on the desk as he rubbed his dog’s head with soothing strokes, he was simply perfection personified. And if it hadn’t been for the fact she was starving, she probably could have stood there staring at him all night.
Instead, she knocked, smiling when those charcoal eyes went from narrowed and annoyed to wide and bright. Lit up, just for her.
“Hey.” His eyes shifted down, his gaze traveling over her body with heat and desperation. “Nice shirt.”
“If you like that, then you’ll love what’s underneath,” she baited, nodding toward the phone. “Was that one of the detectives?”
“York.” Max sneered like he smelled something unpleasant. “Won’t tell me what they’ve found, if anything. Claims he has to clear stuff like that with his boss. Bureaucratic bullshit. Pisses me off.”
Amy curled her lips in to keep from laughing. Her sexy P.I. was cranky.
 She’d have to fix that.
Moving to him, Amy nudged his feet to the floor so she could sit on the desk facing him. “Well, let’s not talk about it then. I’m hungry and I came down to see what you want to eat.” She licked her lips and leaned back on her hands, spreading her legs just enough to give Max a peek of what was underneath. “Any ideas?”
There was a pause and Amy found she was holding her breath, not moving and no longer hungry for anything other than him, the suspense nearly killing her as she sat vibrating with need, waiting for his response.
Thankfully, it didn’t take long.
Briefly shifting his gaze to the dog, who was excitedly thumping its tail against the floor, looking ready to pounce on Amy himself, Max pushed to his feet and pointed. “Goliath.” Fitting. “Upstairs.”
Big brown eyes blinked at Max then her, and damn if Amy didn’t want to hop off the desk and wrap her arms around the giant ball of fur. But then Max gave the command again, gruffer than before, and Goliath gloomily left the room. Amy’s pulse, however, kicked up another notch at the deep, roughness of his voice.
The slow burn in her core intensified as the door closed with a soft click. Her anticipation only growing as Max’s hand wrapped around the back of her neck moments before he crushed his lips to hers, tunneling his fingers through her thick brown hair while he held her in place and made a feast of her mouth.
Holy hell.
She gasped in excitement and dug her nails into his back, simply clinging to him in any way that she could, while papers, pens, and electronics went scattering to the floor.
Amy shuddered when he released her lips, his teeth nipping her jaw.
“We shouldn’t be doing this, but fuck; I can’t seem to get enough of you.” Raw need edged Max’s words as he worked his way down her body.
It was the second time he’d said something to that effect, and if Amy hadn’t been on the verge of crawling out of her own skin with the need to come, she may have mustered up enough brain cells to ask him what he meant. Instead, she said, “I guess that means you’re as hungry as I am.”
The look he gave her was almost feral. “Oh, you have no idea.” Max shoved the shirt she wore––his shirt––out of the way, teasing her seam with long swipes of his tongue, ending with a slow drag of his chin stubble across her clit. Amy bit her lip to keep from screaming.
She tried to reach for him, to pull him up onto the desk with her, but he sank to his knees on the floor and shook his head.
“Lie back and relax, Sweetheart. I’m just getting warmed up and I’m not gonna stop until you’re wrecked and begging.”
And he wasn’t kidding. Over and over, Max licked and sucked and swirled and teased Amy’s clit, labia, and opening. Bringing her to the top of the mountain, only to back off before she could peak just to turn around and make the climb all over again, until finally she couldn’t take it any longer and she clutched a fist full of Max’s hair, pulling him away.
“No more…I can’t…inside me…now!”
A half smile quirked Max’s lips and he wiped his chin. Nipping her hipbone, he sucked, bringing blood to the surface and leaving his mark.
Shoving Max’s sweatpants down to his knees, Amy curled her fingers around the hot velvet skin of his red, engorged cock, stroking a few times before using her thumb to capture the moisture at the tip and bring it to her mouth.
“Mmm, tasty.”
“Fuck, that’s hot.” He rubbed himself on her thigh, leaving even more warm early seed behind on Amy’s skin. “When I’m not so hard I could pound nails, I’d love to feel what it’s like to have those sexy lips wrapped around my dick. For now though,” Max kicked off his sweats the rest of the way and lowered himself into his chair, bringing her with him, “I want you to get over here and ride me.”
Slipping one leg on either side of his, Amy used one hand to hold onto the back of the chair, while Max positioned himself at her opening.
“Easy, Baby. Take your time. We’re gonna take this nice and slow.”
Nice and slow? Ha! Who the hell did he think he was dealing with, some delicate flower too sore to handle a little rough sex?
She knocked his hands away from where they held her above him and plunged down on Max’s rod, the stretch of having him inside her again so soon burning for the briefest of moments, but Amy didn’t dare stop. Setting a fast even pace, she used her strong leg muscles to work herself up and down until both their eyes were rolling in ecstasy.
Max drove up on Amy’s next plunge down; grabbing two handfuls of her ass and hitting a spot inside her that had her seeing stars. Together they found a steady, darkly wonderful rhythm; one that had Max’s dick hitting that spot on every upward thrust.
“Max!” She threw her head back a second before Max pulsed and shot warm liquid deep inside her, setting off another orgasm that obliterated every last bit of energy in her body, causing her to slump forward into Max’s waiting arms.
A few residual twitches had her squirming, so sensitive from back to back orgasms that even the smallest movement made her want to pull away.
Max, on the other hand, seemed oblivious to the way he was torturing her as he took a deep breath, the action causing more movement.
“Damn, we’re good at that.”
Amy smiled into the crook of his neck. “So, I take it you don’t mind that I borrowed your shirt?”
“Mind?” Max’s chest shook as he let out a strangled laugh and dropped his head to Amy’s shoulder. “I’ll never be able to wear that shirt or work down here again without getting hard, but to answer your question, no, I don’t mind a bit.” He huffed out another breathless chuckle. “Fuck, you’re incredible.”
“Not so bad yourself, Magnum,” she teased, lifting her head and placing a loud, smacking kiss to his lips. “Now, feed us so we both have the strength do it again.”
“You’re going to be the death of me.” Max groaned, even as the cock still nestled inside her twitched with approval.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah. Food now, death later. I want pizza.”
“Pizza it is then.” Max gave her a light tap on the ass. “Let me up and I’ll go order it.”
Amy’s legs protested as she started to unfold herself from his lap.
“Fuck!”
“What?” She stopped; afraid she’d hurt him in some way, only to discover the true source of Max’s panic when she followed his wide-eyed gaze down to his manhood.
His very bare manhood.
Amy leaned forward and flattened the crease of his brow with a kiss. “Easy, tiger. Don’t go freaking out on me. I’ve been on the pill since I was sixteen. Trust me when I say we’re good.”
“That’s not the point,” Max sighed, seeming only marginally relieved. “I’m not usually so careless, especially with someone new.” He shook his head, but treated her to another one of those sexy half-grins. “What on Earth are you doing to me, Wilde?”
“The same thing you’re doing to me, so come on. Up you go.” She gave his hand an encouraging tug. “Because I’ve got the night off, and unless you plan on sleeping, which I really hope you don’t,” she said with a suggestive leer, “we’re gonna need fuel, hydration, and maybe a few more of our little foil wrapped friends.”
Max shook his head and smiled, a seductive flash of white teeth and stubble dusted across a strong jaw, as he cupped her cheek. “I’ve never met anyone like you before. You’re insatiable.”
She moved even more into his space, wrapped her fingers around his still exposed manhood and squeezed. “Oh, Mr. Cranston, you have no idea.”
She was already back upstairs before she heard him curse and turn out the lights.




Chapter Twelve


“Stop that.”
“No, he likes it.”
“Of course he likes it. He’s a dog. That’s not the point.”
“But he keeps giving me the eyes.” Goliath’s new best friend gave Max the same sad eyes she swore Goliath was giving her and tossed another chunk of sausage through the air.
“He’s had enough.”
Another.
“Amy.”
“Maaaax.”
“I’m warning you.”
“Ooooo, what are you going to do? Spank me? I might like it.”
The little vixen actually had the nerve to bat her eyes and blow him a kiss before defying him, again.
“Alright, that’s it.” Through with playing fair, Max placed his foot in the center of the ottoman, and using her surprise and his size and position in the room to his advantage, tackled her to the couch.
Unfortunately, his take down skills were a little rusty, and the slice of pizza Amy had been spoiling his mutt with went flying…right into Goliath’s mouth.
Well, fuck.
“Ha! Score one for the good guys.” Amy gloated beneath him, her whole body twisting and turning as she struggled to get free. “Serves you right after that cheap shot.”
“Cheap shot? I think you mean tactical brilliance.”
“How brilliant could it have been? He ended up with a whole piece of pizza instead of crumbs.” Amy continued to protest between gasps of laughter. “Besides, no one ever said we were participating in full contact rough housing. I demand a do over.” 
“Yeah, well, I demanded you stop making my dog the poster pup for a Jenny Craig makeover.” Max added more of his weight to her thighs and trapped her arms beneath his legs. “Looks like we both lost.”
“Oh yeah? Well, we’ll see about that.”
Seeing as he had her pretty well pinned down, Max wasn’t entirely sure how she expected to exact her revenge, but when sharp pains suddenly radiated down his leg from about mid-calf, he had his answer.
“Son of a bitch,” he roared, his once attached leg hairs falling to the floor as he did his best to capture Amy’s diabolical little fingers.
“Just be glad that’s the only thing I could reach,” she informed him, eyeing his crotch with what appeared to be a whole lot of mayhem and mischief. 
Max winced and mentally crossed his legs.
“Damn. Why do girls always think their best line of defense is to go after the family jewels? It’s…it’s…”
“Effective?”
“Cruel.” Max stated, but Amy just shrugged, at least as much as she could with her arms still pinned.
“Did I forget to mention that I fight dirty, or were you too busy blindsiding me to hear it?” she asked, the unmistakable promise of vengeance in her eyes making him laugh.
He’d spent so much time and effort focusing on the potential downsides to this thing with Amy––her age, past, the fact that she was a client––that he’d never stopped to consider the advantages all those things could have.
And from where he was sitting, the flip side of the coin definitely looked pretty good.
“Promise me you won’t go after any of my sacred areas, and I’ll let you up. Otherwise, there’s a big ass pile of snow next to the driveway with your name on it.”
Somehow, he’d known she wouldn’t let him get away with pinning her to the couch the way he had, but at least this way he could maybe spare his boys the unnecessary agony and pain.
“And what do you consider sacred?” She asked, innocently enough, so he considered her question briefly.
“I’d say anything below the belt or equally vital.”
His answer seemed to please her, and she nodded.
“All right. Agreed,” she said quickly, almost too quickly, and Max was starting to regret not giving his answer more thought. But when his gaze locked with hers again all he saw were those smiling bee-stung lips and he was a goner.
Dipping his head, Max was preparing to get lost in his new personal Eden for the millionth time, when the chorus from Five Finger Death Punch’s “Battle Born” began to play, making him groan.
He sat back up and glanced toward the kitchen with a scowl. “Fucker always did have impeccable timing.”
“Who?”
“My brother.” He begrudgingly untangled himself from Amy’s feminine touch. “Hold that thought.” One more quick kiss and it was all he could do to get his legs working again. “I’ll be right back.”
Hurrying to the kitchen, he swiped his phone from the counter with a huff. “Hello?”
“Max; it’s Mason. Why are you out of breath?”
“Huh? Oh, my phone was in the kitchen, I wasn’t.” He checked the clock. 12:32 a.m. “Why the hell are you calling me so late? Isn’t it past your bedtime?”
“Fuck off. I’m not that old.” Mason grumbled and Max grinned, always happy to poke the grumpy bear when he could. “And for your information, I’m calling because I figured you’d want to know that Warner was able to sweet talk his way around the hospital’s security team.”
“He got the surveillance tape?” Max waited, holding his breath.
“Yep.”
“About damn time something broke our way on this case,” he stated briskly.
Since guarding Amy was his full-time job and the detectives on her case were being assholes, Max wasn’t able to do most of the leg work he normally did, so he’d asked one of the other investigators to try and obtain a copy of the parking lot surveillance video from the day Amy’s tires were slashed. Long shot or not, he knew they had to at least try.
“Tell Warner I owe him one,” he said, excited to finally have a new lead. “I assume he already uploaded the video to the firm’s server?”
“Uploaded and notated,” Mason assured. “But just so you know, the feed is grainy as hell; you can’t really make out a face or much else because of the weather. Really the only thing the video did confirm is that someone definitely tampered with her car. The time stamp for that is in the notes, but if you want to wait and watch it at the office on the projector, I can be in the conference room around nine in the morning.”
Amy was now standing beside him, a roguish look on her face that made Max wary enough to not turn away as he answered his brother.
“I’d rather not sit on this overnight. I’ll pull it up here and see what I can figure out, and if it is too hard to see then Amy and I will head down to the office in the morning.”
She gave him a questioning glance. 
“I’ll tell you in a minute,” he mouthed. Amy shrugged and leaned into him.
Switching the phone to his other ear, Max pulled her in closer, tucking her under his chin.
“Amy and I. We. There something going on I need to know about?”
“If you needed to know, I would tell…OW!” he shouted, nearly losing his grip on the phone when Amy’s teeth sank punishingly into his right nipple.
“What?”
“Nothing.” Max groaned, rubbing his chest. “Just stubbed my toe is all.”
He glared down at the picture of innocence nestled against his chest and didn’t know whether to be pissed or impressed that she’d managed to exact her revenge so easily.
“Right,” Mason scoffed into the silence. “I swear you have got to be the world’s worst liar. You really expect me to believe that line of BS.”
“I don’t give a damn what you believe. Like I was said, if you needed to know, I would tell you. But, since you don’t, I won’t.”
“Max…”
“Goodnight, Mason,” Max interrupted, cutting off his brother’s lecture before it could gain any steam.
He knew what his brother was going to say, and it wasn’t anything Max himself hadn’t already been back and forth about a hundred times in his own head. But this was his life and half his business. If Mason had a problem with him and Amy being involved, he could get mad, or he could get over it. Either way, Max wasn’t going to debate the subject with her standing there.
“I’ll let you know if we find anything.”
“I…you…uh, fine. Call me tomorrow.”
Max plugged his phone back in and leaned his lower back against the counter, settling Amy between his legs with both arms wrapped loosely around her waist.
“What was that about?” she asked, leaning in, only to laugh when his whole body tensed. “Don’t worry, I’ll behave...for now.”
He was skeptical, trying to decide if she was being truthful or just lulling him into a false sense of security, before he finally relaxed and pressed a kiss to her temple. “It was Mason. Warner was able to get the surveillance video from the hospital I was telling you about.”
“And?”
“Said it’s grainy. My guess is too grainy for imaging software, otherwise the cops would have said something to you about having a suspect. I won’t know until we take a look at it on my computer.”
“Interesting, but not what I was referring to.” Amy lifted her head. With his slouched position they were very nearly the same height, and she looked him right in the eye. “Your brother said something to you that struck a nerve. What was it?”
“It’s nothing. Just the same big brother shit he’s been pulling for years.”
“He’s right, ya know?”
“About?”
“You being a terrible liar. You really are.”
“You were eaves dropping?”
“I was like six inches away from the speaker.” She reminded him with a roll of her eyes. “It was kind of hard to miss.”
“If you know what he said, then why did you ask?”
“Because I wanted to see if you’d tell me the truth. You didn’t. But I promise not to punish you for the infraction if you tell me why your brother thinking we’re sleeping together bothers you.”
“It doesn’t.”
“Liar,” she said, without heat. “If it doesn’t bother you, then why did you get defensive when he asked if there was something he should know?”
“I didn’t get defensive.” She cocked an eyebrow. “Okay, maybe I got defensive, but it wasn’t because I care what Mason thinks. I…”
“You what?” she persisted. 
He blew out a breath.
“You’re really going to make me say this, aren’t you?”
Her smile widened. “Yep. I’m kind of annoying like that.”
“You’re not annoying.”
“Again, I say, liar, but I’m not like most people. I don’t care what people think of my choices or me––with the exception of my family, of course––but we’re getting off topic. You were about to tell me why you tried so hard to talk yourself out of sleeping with me.”
“I was?” Her rapid change between topics made his head spin, almost as much as her freaky powers of persuasion.
“You were. I wasn’t going to ask since you seemed to finally get over whatever it was, but now I find I’m once again curious.”
“You really want to know? Most women…”
“I think we’ve safely established I’m not like most women.”
He tucked a piece of hair behind her ear. “No, you most definitely are not.”
Seemingly pleased by that, Amy nudged him with her hip and prodded him along with a drawn out, “Sooooo.”
He knew she wasn’t going to let this go, not until he told her exactly what she wanted to hear.
Max cracked his neck and sighed.
“Okay, fine. If you must know, the reason I held back was partly because you’re a client and I’ve always maintained a professional distance when working cases. Always.” For some reason, it was really important to him that she know this wasn’t something he made a habit of doing.
Amy offered him another one of her amused grins.
“Well, seeing as I was told this is being handled as more of a favor than an actual paying gig, you and your conscience can rest easy knowing the normal rules and regulations don’t really apply.”
“Good point.”
“I know. I’m full of those.” She boasted, looking rather pleased with herself. “So why else? Because I know that can’t possibly be the only reason.”
She was like a bulldozer, plowing ahead, not letting anything get in the way of what she wanted to know and forcing Max to do his best to try and keep up.
“Well, the fact that up until two days ago we were complete strangers factored in a bit. But mostly, my reasons revolved around the fact that I thought you were too young, or I was too old, or whatever. Either way, the bottom line is that the age difference was my biggest issue.”
“Age difference? What age difference?” she asked, looking at him as if he were some alien being. “You can’t possibly be that much older than me. What are you, twenty-seven, twenty-eight?”
“Thirty-two, actually.”
He watched her do the math in her head and laugh.
“Eight years?” She deliberately ran her gaze up one of his arms and down the other. “You have two sleeved out arms and about a dozen other tattoos. Clearly, you don’t care what society thinks about those, yet an insignificant age gap scares you?” She nodded patronizingly and patted his cheek. “Makes a lot of sense.”
Okay, when she put it that way…
He sighed and stared up at the ceiling.
“I never said it scared me, just concerned me is all. But now that you’ve so sweetly pointed out what an idiot I am, how about we go down and watch the surveillance tape so I can possibly redeem myself with my kickass investigator skills? Sound good?”
“Sounds good…” she winked, that mischievous twinkling returning to her eyes, “old man.”
And when Max growled, Amy ran; her laughter echoing down the hall until he caught up to her half way down the stairs, showing her just how old he really was.

––––

Mason wasn’t kidding. If video quality were rated on a scale from one to ten, the one they were watching was easily a negative two.
“This is like trying to see in the dark with night vision goggles that have been thrown in a river.” Amy complained, while trying to get comfortable on his lap. “What exactly am I supposed to be looking for in this fuzzy mess?”
“Basically, we need to identify anyone who’s acting suspicious or that doesn’t belong in that lot. We’re still a couple minutes away from when your tires get damaged, but I wanted to see if you recognized anybody.”
“I recognize everybody. I do work there, ya know?”
Max pinched her butt, making her yelp. “I’m well aware, Smartass. Just watch the video.”
Amy clicked her teeth in a biting motion, but luckily for him, she turned her attention back to the screen, sparing his nipples.
When they’d finally managed to make it all the way downstairs earlier, Max had immediately gone to his computer and logged onto Maximum Security’s server to review the evidence, while Amy, completely ignoring Max’s objections to doing so, started straightening the mess they’d made earlier in the evening.
Realizing arguing with her about anything was pretty much useless, Max engrossed himself in the task at hand. He played and rewound, stopped and started, zoomed in and out, but no matter how he tried to manipulate the feed, he couldn’t get the bastard’s face to come into focus. It didn’t help that it was snowing and dark, either, making his job even harder than it already was.
Trying to make do with what he had, Max separated out a twenty-minute chunk of the video, cued it up to ten minutes before the incident to eight minutes after, and told Amy to stop cleaning, realizing that she was much better equipped to identify someone out of place than he.
“Now I see why you wanted me to sit here instead of the other chair.” Amy wiggled her butt against the semi he couldn’t seem to get rid of––the one no doubt brought on by memories of when she’d been on his lap hours before. “And I thought you said I was the insatiable one?”
“I told you I wouldn’t be able to be down here again without something popping up.”
This time her smile was more pride than sass. “Well, I guess it sucks to be you then…Son of a bitch!”
Her shout of excitement made Max jolt, nearly toppling Amy to the floor and barely catching her at the last second. “Shit. Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.”
“Did you see something?”
“Not something, someone.” Amy’s eyes were wide as she fumbled with the mouse, scrolling back several seconds. Hitting pause, she studied the frozen image intently, a mix of shock and disbelief written on her face. “It can’t be. It doesn’t make any sense.”
Max stared at the screen now, too, trying to understand what she saw that had gotten her so worked up because to him there wasn’t anything that hadn’t been there before. It was still the same fuzzy image, same faceless guy.
“Who? Talk to me. What’s going on?”
But when she still didn’t answer, he snapped his fingers in front of her face.
She blinked a couple more times, almost as if she’d forgotten he was even in the room, let alone that she still sat on his lap.
Finally, she shook off her daze and faced him. “Sorry, I just…I thought he was harmless.”
“Who?” he said more harshly this time, but it couldn’t be helped. He needed her to start making sense.
“Ray. Ray Adams,” she said, pointing at the pixelated perp. “He’s an obnoxious tool from the radiology lab that’s been pestering me to go out with him for months.”
“I see.” Max said, hotly. “And why didn’t you tell me about him the other day when I asked you if anyone had been giving you trouble?”
“Because,” she began, just as annoyed, “like I just said, I thought he was harmless. Plus, when he’s not hitting on me or suffocating me with his funky breath, I barely think about the guy. He’s really not all that memorable.”
“Okay, I’m sorry.” He took the quick jerk of her head as an acceptance of his apology. “So you think this Ray guy is the one in the video?”
“I don’t think it’s him, I know it is.”
“How?” When she started to glare at him again, Max held up his hands. “I believe you, but I still need to know.”
“Right. Sorry.”
“It’s okay.” He kissed her shoulder. “You were saying.”
“I was saying, the reason I know it’s him is because of his back pack.”
“Backpack?” Max squinted at the area on the monitor she indicated. “I thought that was some weird design on the back of the shirt.”
“Nope. It’s one of those cross body, really flat, really form fitting bags with this crazy design that I would know anywhere. His back may be to the camera the whole time, but in my gut, I know that’s him.”
“Call Detective York and tell him everything you just told me. If he doesn’t answer, leave a message then try his partner.”
“You mean you’re not going to swoop in and save the day, go after Ray yourself?” Amy’s smile was bright and teasing. “How very anti-climactic.”
“Believe me, I would, but since I can’t actually arrest people, and I’m liable to beat the bastard to a bloody pulp for what he’s put you through, I guess I’ll just have to suck it up and let York have all the credit. I’d rather have you safe than stroke my own ego.”
“You mean that, don’t you?” Amy asked, sounding genuinely surprised, which, he had to say, kind of stung said ego the tiniest of bits.
“Of course I mean it. What? You think just because I can’t go five seconds without picturing you naked and wanting you beneath me that that’s all I think about. You insult me, madam.” Max gasped, that last part said in a horrible attempt at a British accent. “I’m, if nothing else, a martyr for women.”
“You’re something alright,” Amy said around a yawn/laugh, brushing her lips over his as she pulled away and untangled herself from his lap. “After I call York, I think I’m gonna head to bed. Between the break in, you, and now this, I’ve pretty much been wiped out. How about you?”
She turned those sleepy eyes on him, and Max felt a knick of guilt for keeping her up so late.
The video could have waited until morning, but he’d let his professional curiosity get the better of him. Max wasn’t used to thinking about someone else when he stayed up at all hours of the night, and it should have bothered him like he always thought it would to do so now, but actually having someone else there made him see that slowing down and not being such a workaholic might not be such a bad thing; a rather large revelation for two in the morning.
“Yeah, I’m beat too. Let me just send a quick email to Mason and Warner with the new information and I’ll be up.” 
 Phone already to her ear, Amy blew him a kiss on her way out the door, while Max typed up all the pertinent information his brother and co-worker would need. And after reading through everything twice to make sure it was correct, he hit send and turned off his computer.
Work taken care of for now, he went upstairs and let Goliath out, double and triple checking all the locks as he closed them all in for the night. After the day and night he and Amy had shared, Max found he needed a few extra minutes to himself to catch his breath and mull over the possibility that he may have very well met his match––in life, as well as bed–– and he wasn’t so tough that he couldn’t admit that that awareness scared the living hell out of him.
So however cowardly it may have been, Max took his time closing up the house and getting his thoughts and feelings under control.
That done, he made the short journey down the hall and into his bedroom, where he found the deity behind his anxiety snuggled deep into the covers, already fast asleep.
Christ, she’s beautiful.
Even in sleep–– curled up on her side, mouth partially open, chestnut hair fanned–– she captivated him.
Stripped down to just his boxers, he crawled beneath the sheets, smoothing a hand over her cheek, as Amy rolled and cuddled into his side, never waking.
He pressed a kiss to her forehead and sighed.
“I hope you know you’ve ruined me, Beautiful.” Closing his eyes, he found himself getting lost in her softness, in the sweet smell of her shampoo and the cadence of her breaths as he drifted off to sleep with a contented sigh. “In the best possible way, you have absolutely, one hundred percent ruined me.”




Chapter Thirteen


The following morning started how every morning should, with slow, unhurried love making, followed by a long leisurely shower where Max introduced her to the wonderful world of custom shower stalls and expertly placed nozzles.
Afterward, Max went out to grab breakfast from a diner he said wasn’t too far away, while Amy stayed back, waiting on a return call from the detective.
Last night, aside from being unhappy about being woken up so late, the detective also seemed leery about the lead Amy was giving him. Saying they, too, had reviewed that particular piece of evidence and came up empty. It wasn’t until she told him about Ray being there shortly after she discovered the tires and all of his other creepy behavior that York changed his tune, apologizing for his dismissiveness and promising to give her a call once he’d investigated her claims further.
Now, she sat on the couch watching TV, not really seeing what was on the screen, when Goliath ambled over, a knotted-up sock hanging from his mouth, big eyes pleading.
“Hey, buddy. You want to play?”
He immediately dropped the drool-soaked sock in her lap, barking excitedly, when Amy picked up the toy and began swinging it side to side; encouraging him to catch it. And once he’d finally latched on to the end, he’d refused to let go; leading them into a very unfair game of tug-of-war, until he decided she was no longer a challenge and rolled to his back, whimpering pathetically for a belly rub.
And because she appreciated the distraction, Amy gave into the giant dog’s antics and rubbed the soft fluff on his belly deeply.
“Such a rough life, huh, Goliath?” 
His answering response was to lick her to death, while Amy laughed and did her best to wriggle free from the large pooch. But when that huge tongue accidently licked inside her mouth, she made a mental note to laugh with her mouth closed next time, since she definitely preferred Max be the only male in the house to dole out French kisses.
Speaking of Max…
Now that she actually had some time alone to think, she was starting to wonder if she preferred Max be the only one to do a lot of things with her from now on, which was crazy. Wasn’t it?
Not only was her life a complete train wreck, at the moment, but considering something more than a casual fling with Max or anyone else would mean having to talk about a past that she’d much rather forget, and Amy wasn’t sure she was ready for that. She was actually starting to question whether she’d ever be able to trust anyone like that again when her phone began to flash and ring, distracting Goliath and saving her from another round of slobbery affection.
Pulling herself out from under Goliath’s paws, Amy answered on the way to her feet.
“Hello?”
“Miss Wilde, it’s Detective York. How are you?”
“Um, fine, I guess? Do you have an update for me?”
“I do, but I need you to come down to the station to discuss a few things. Could you be here within the hour?”
“Yeah, that should be fine, but honestly,” she checked the time, her anxiety already growing. “I’d rather you just go ahead and tell me what you found.”
“I know it’s hard, but somethings really are better talked about in person.”
Ooookay.
“Are you still staying with Mr. Cranston?”
“Yes.”
“Good. That’s good. I’m sure he’ll want to be here, as well.” York said even more cryptically. “My office is on the fourth floor of the precinct. Just let reception know when you arrive and they’ll send you up. See you soon.”
And then he was gone, and Amy was left to stew in her own worried confusion.
“What the actual hell was that about?”
“What the hell was what about?”
 She turned and saw Max setting two white plastic bags on the counter, the promise of food causing her to temporarily forget about the strange phone call, as she tossed her phone on the couch and crowded in behind him at the counter, peaking over his shoulder. “Smells good. What’d ya get? I’m starving.”
“Ham, eggs, sausage, biscuits and gravy, hash browns, bacon, home fries. Pretty much everything that makes breakfast the greatest meal of the day. I also stopped at the gas station and grabbed a couple bottles of OJ.”
“Seems you’ve thought of everything.”
“Well, almost everything.” He set another Styrofoam container on the counter, the slow turn of his head, the soft touch of his lips to hers, making Amy wish they could put eating on hold and get back to bed, where things were way less hectic. When they were getting lost in each other’s arms she could concentrate on how good it all felt and forget about the rest.
Another gentle suck on her bottom lip and he nudged her back enough to hand her a plate.
“Mmmm, now that the best part of the meal is over,” he hummed, filling his own plate, “you can tell me what had you so worked up when I got back?”
Huh? Oh yeah.
Amy swatted her hand through the air, doing her best to appear unaffected, by both the phone call and Max’s continued wooing.
“York called. Said he needs me to come down to the station in an hour, but he wouldn’t tell me why.”
Amy hadn’t expected breakfast to be such an elaborate spread. Breakfast for her usually consisted of cold cereal, oatmeal, or some fruit. Now there were so many choices, she didn’t know where to start. Each item in the containers smelled and looked even more delicious than the last, so she made sure to get a little of everything, while Max did the same.
 “Strange how?” he asked, once they finished loading up their plates and each took a seat at the table.
“I don’t know; nervous maybe.” She stabbed a fluffy chunk of egg and shrugged. “I wanted to ask him more about it, but he rushed me off the phone before I could ask any more questions. It was really weird.”
“Hmmm,” Max seemed to mull that over, a slight crease marring his forehead. “It could be that they’ve found something and need you to verify it, or it might just be routine questions. A lot of things come up during an investigation. I wouldn’t worry too much about it just yet.”
“Well, whatever it is, York said you would want to be there, too, so my guess is it’s something pretty big.”
His frown returned and Amy dropped her fork to her plate, then leaned back and crossed her arms.
“You think the same thing, don’t you?”
Max shook his head. “I don’t think anything, but we should probably get down there soon so we’re not sitting here spinning our wheels with a bunch of what ifs.”
She started to get up, but Max waved her back into her chair.
“Eat first. Whatever it is can wait until you’ve at least finished your breakfast.”
Food no longer held the same appeal that it had before, too many scenarios running rampant through her mind, but the warmth covering her knee had Amy picking up her fork again with a sigh.
“Okay.”

––––


At the police station, Amy stared disbelievingly at the photos Detective York and his partner had lain out in front of her, photos that painted a very scary picture of one man’s delusion and obsession, causing her breakfast to threaten a return trip to her esophagus.
She took a deep breath, blinking back tears and doing her best to keep it together while she tried to understand everything she’d been told.
“How…how long?” she asked, the tremble in her voice unavoidable.
Max scooted closer and grabbed her hand under the table; bringing their joined hands to rest on his knee.
“Best we can tell from our preliminary search is late summer, early fall. We’ll know more once the photographs have been examined more thoroughly, but as you can see, there are hundreds to go through.”
Amy put her head down on the table. She didn’t need to look at the crime scene photos again. They were already burned into her memory forever. Especially the one where it showed almost an entire wall in Ray’s apartment covered with pictures of her. Her at work, her at the gym, walking down the street, eating at restaurants. Every aspect of her life captured on film by someone she barely knew, an invasion of privacy that made her skin more than crawl. It made her feel dirty and violated and so unbelievably angry, she wasn’t sure what she would do if she ever saw Ray Adams again.
“What’s going to happen to him?”
“Officially, we’ve charged Mr. Adams with malicious mischief three after he admitted to damaging your tires when we went to question him. According to him, he only did it so he could play the hero and get your attention.”
Amy cringed, and the hand holding hers tightened. “Malicious mischief three? That’s a misdemeanor. He’ll be out…” 
“By tonight. I know.” York looked like a man on his way to the gallows. “Unfortunately, the vandalism is the only thing he’s admitted to. He claims to know nothing about the break in, or the letter, and unless we find evidence that connects him to either one during the warrant execution, our hands are tied.”
“What about stalking? The pictures?” Amy let go of Max’s hand and messily shuffled through the photographs, shoving them back toward the detectives, pointing furiously. “The bastard has been following me for months and he’s just going to get away with it. Where’s the justice in that?”
“Miss Wilde, I understand you’re upset, and you have every right to be, but if you could calm down and let me explain––“
Amy stood up so fast her chair went clattering to the floor.
“Calm down? Calm down?” She gripped the edge of the table hard enough to turn her knuckles white, no longer able to keep a lid on her anger. “Some guy I barely know has a shrine of me in his living room. A shrine. One that includes pictures and personal items of mine, and you expect me to calm down.”
Max and York’s partner, Detective White, glared at the now wide-eyed, open-mouthed York, his expression reminding Amy a little of a freshly caught fish. Normally, she would have taken pride in knocking a guy like York down a few pegs, but all she felt was a sickening case of injustice déjà vu, and suddenly it was hard for her to breathe.
“Excuse me.”
Amy exited the interview room and took the stairs at a brisk pace, traversing her way through what seemed like an endless stream of cops, criminals, and lawyers, and then she saw it.
Daylight.
Throwing open the large double doors of the precinct, Amy reveled in her first gulp of frigid air. Her lungs protested and her lack of coat made the skin on her arms prickle, but the bands tightening around her chest loosened with every step and deep inhale she took. She walked further down the sidewalk, coming to rest against the side of the building near the corner.
I fought. I survived. I’m alive.
Amy closed her eyes, continuing her deep breathing and silently repeated those words, and when she opened her eyes again, blinking against the light shining down from the mid-afternoon sky, she felt the tension recede like the ocean from the shore at low tide. Leaving behind a much cooler and calmer Amy as it did. Emphasis on cooler.
Brrr.
Now that her emotions had somewhat stabilized, Amy felt the chill of the cold December air all the way to her bones.
“There you are,” Max said, coming toward her, a coat––her coat––in hand.
When he got close enough, Max held up the heavy wool pea coat and Amy slipped it on, but it wasn’t the coat that warmed her.
Five minutes ago, Amy had felt like she was drowning again, could practically feel the pull of the water. Now, Max was standing before her, her hands in his as he blew warm moist air on her fingers, a million questions swirling in those dark eyes, but he didn’t ask a single one. He didn’t coddle or try to overprotect. He was simply being there for her and it was mind-blowing to know that someone she’d known such a short amount of time understood her better than even her own family did.
All of Amy’s thoughts and questions from this morning about whether she would ever be able to trust someone again were answered in that one incredible act of self-control. Not only did she think she could trust Max with her past––every twisted, sordid, messed up detail––but quite possibly…her heart as well.
“Thank you…” Thank you for protecting me, for being there, for understanding how hard this is for me, and for just being the incredible man you are. “…for bringing me my coat.”
Max lifted his hand and soothed Amy with his touch, as only he could. The gesture saying everything she hadn’t. “You’re welcome.”
She turned into the caress, absorbing as much of his essence as she could before placing a kiss to his palm and lowering his hand. “Sorry I ran out like that. I just couldn’t…”
“You have nothing to be sorry for. York was obviously absent on sensitivity training day at the academy.” He kicked at the snow, and Amy trailed a hand over his arm, redirecting his thoughts.
“So what do we do now?”
“We do what we’ve been doing. I keep you safe and you trust me to do so.” He leaned in to kiss her. “Sound like a plan?”
Amy nodded. “That sounds like a very good plan. At least now we know whom we’re up against, and he’s been arrested. That should make Ray think twice about doing anything again.”
Max got quiet, fire blazing to life in his eyes. “Men like Ray Adams don’t give up that easily. If anything, all of this will piss him off and make him more determined, more desperate. That makes him both unstable and unpredictable. Not a good combination.”
“You want me to hide even more, don’t you?”
“I want you safe.”
“What am I suppose to do, become a hermit? I’ll go crazy. Not pay my bills? That ain’t happening. I’ll still have to go to work.”
“Hospital security isn’t worth a damn, and I doubt they are going to let me shadow you each shift.”
“We’ll figure it out.” She sighed, then saw the detective coming toward them and straightened. “There’s York.”
Max slid his gaze up the sidewalk. “Bastard better be out here to apologize.”
Amy thought the same thing.

––––

Three hours and two court appearances later, Amy sat quietly on the passenger side of Max’s truck, the piece of paper in her lap nothing more than a sardonic reminder that Ray Adams would be a free man soon. Free to track her down and kill her if he wanted, and Amy’s only defense against him would be an order of protection that wasn’t worth the paper it was printed on.
What was she supposed to do? Throw it at him?
Amy sighed and stared out the window.
Yeah, because that’ll stop him.




Chapter Fourteen


Back at the house, Amy was on her phone with one of the hospital higher ups, pacing incessantly around the living room, and biting her bottom lip so hard Max was afraid she was going to draw blood.
“Dr. Isner, I promise you a leave of absence isn’t necessary.” She clasped the back of her neck and stared up at the ceiling. “Okay,” she said with a shake of her head. “Yes, I understand. Thank you, Sir. I will. Goodbye.”
“How’d it go?” Max asked from his position on the couch.
“I’m on administrative leave until further notice. Apparently, the hospital was contacted about the investigation and they––meaning their lawyers––think it would be better for all involved that I get some time off until things are resolved. I have to sign paperwork in the morning.”
“I know it’s not what you want to hear, but that’s probably best. For them and for you.”
Amy going back to work had been a topic of contention between them on the drive back from the courthouse. She was insistent and Max was hesitant to give up control over her safety for eight hours a day to the security staff at the hospital. Now it wouldn’t be an issue.
“Yeah, I know,” she agreed, albeit reluctantly, dropping down beside him on the couch. “It just makes me feel like I’m the criminal, like I’m the one that’s done something wrong. At least its paid time off and I won’t fall behind on my bills.” 
“Come here.” Max drew her to him with a gentle pull of the shoulders. Amy went willingly, relaxing against him like a contented kitten. His hand slid into her hair, stroking languidly. “You know, I can’t remember the last time I just vegged out in front of the TV all night. We could rent a movie or find something that’s already on if you want?” 
“Keep running your fingers through my hair like that and I’ll agree to just about anything.”
Max smiled and continued the soothing strokes, stopping just long enough to pass Amy the remote and cover them with a blanket before resuming his ministrations. She found a show she liked, and they lay together quietly watching the Law and Order: SVU marathon.
One episode turned into two then three, and before Max realized his eyes had even closed, his head fell back, the motion startling him awake. His body and neck were stiff from having fallen asleep on the couch. Eight years may not seem like a lot to her, but hearing his bones snap, crackle, and pop like a bowl of Rice Krispies made Max happy that Amy was out cold next to him.
He should get up and get them both in bed, but seeing how peaceful Amy looked, Max decided it could wait.
“What are you dreaming about, Beautiful?”
He ran his thumb along the length of her jaw, over to her lips and back. He was falling hard and fast for this woman. So much so, that making Amy happy could easily become his number one priority in life.
Fortunately, he knew exactly how to get started, a way to help Amy relax and enjoy her time off without having to look over her shoulder or feel like a prisoner. All he had to do was make a phone call.
Grabbing a throw pillow, he gently transferred her head from his lap to the cushion. His leg was asleep, so he kneaded it, getting feeling back in the appendage before scooping up his phone and heading to his room, leaving the door cracked.
Turning on the bedside lamp, Max propped himself up and scrolled through his contacts until he got to the G’s, then rested the back of his head against the headboard and waited, hoping it wasn’t too late.
“Hello?”
“Gigi, it’s Max. I didn’t wake you, did I?”
“Max? Max who? I don’t know any Max,” his grandmother stated ruefully. “I mean, I think I used to have a grandson named Max, but he hasn’t called or come by to see me in so long, I can’t quite remember.”
Here we go. He turned his eyes skyward and waited for the kind of sweet, yet ruthless ass chewing only a Scottish grandmother could give. And she didn’t disappoint.
Fifteen minutes later, she had moved on from Max and his many indiscretions to unleashing her frustrations with the rest of their motley crew. “…I should have a whole horde of great grandbabies to spoil rotten by now. Selfish,” she huffed, “every last one of you.”
“Are you saying you’re not happy with the two you already have? Lucy will be crushed.”
“Don’t get smart with me, Maxwell Nathanial Cranston. I may be getting older, but I’m still strong enough to yank a knot in your tail, and don’t think I won’t. You know I adore those boys.”
Lucy was the second oldest after Mason, and the only one of the six Cranston siblings that was actually married, with children. Her twin boys, Carson and Caiden, were ten, and the absolute apple of their great-Gigi’s eye. He knew his comment would get a rise out of her.
“And they adore you, as do I, which is why I’m calling,” Max added, trying to steer the conversation back to where he needed it to be. “I have a client, a friend, in need of some time away. I was wondering if you would mind if she and I came out to stay at the farm for a few days, maybe a week? I’ll take care of whatever chores need done. Amy just really needs this…”
“Young man, you save your breath. You know darn well you are welcome out here anytime you want. No phone call required. I’ll have Rosy make up the apartment over the garage, give it a good cleaning, and stock the fridge for you. When were you wanting to come out?”
“Oh.” Max stumbled over his words, surprised but not, at the same time, by his grandmother’s quick switch from chiding to nurturing. It was how she’d always been for as long as Max could remember; feisty, with a heart of gold and more love for her family in her small finger than most people expressed in a lifetime. “Uh, tomorrow. Afternoon. Amy has to stop by work in the morning then I thought we’d head that way.”
“Tomorrow afternoon it is then. Give me a call when you’re on your way so I can have a fresh pot of tea and some cookies ready for when you arrive. I’ll make pot roast.”
“You don’t have to do all that.”
“Hush. One of my babies is coming to see me, and he’s bringing a friend. It’s my right as a grandmother to dote.” The way she said ‘friend’ had Max shaking his head. There wasn’t anything slow about Gigi. Without him saying more than Amy’s name, she’d obviously picked up on the fact that there may be more than friendship there. This should be interesting.
“Well then I look forward to all the chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin cookies I can eat since I know I’ll just turn around and burn them off when you put me to work.”
“Darn straight. I’ve got a list a mile long with just your name on it.”
“I have no doubt.” He laughed, then sobered. “Thank you, Gigi. I know I’m not the only one that will appreciate this.”
“You’re very welcome, Mic-Mac.” She used the Scottish term for grandson like she had since he was young. “You have a safe drive tomorrow, and don’t forget to call or you know I’ll worry.”
He did know.
“Don’t worry. I won’t forget. See you tomorrow, Gigi. Love you.”
He placed his phone on the dresser and went to the closet, emptying out the suitcase he’d yet to unpack from the last case he’d worked. Max had just finished separating the clean from dirty clothes when he heard footsteps coming down the hall. Amy entered the room groggy and still half asleep, observing his actions with confused uncertainty.
“Going somewhere?” she asked, standing next to the bed.
Max nodded; glad that for once he had good news to share. “We are. About sixty miles west of here to be exact, leaving as soon as you sign whatever needs to be signed at the hospital in the morning and returning later this week or next, depending on how things unfold.”
“I see,” she said, derisively. “And am I allowed to know where I’m being taken away to, or is this where I’m just supposed to trust you with my safety and not question anything. Forget about what I want, and do as I’m told.”
“Okay, first of all, it’s not like that. You said you didn’t want to be trapped inside, and where we’re going there is plenty of outdoor space. You can ride horses, climb haystacks, jog along the creek, feed chickens, whatever you want to do, and you won’t have to feel like a prisoner while you do it because other than me, my grandmother, and the hands that work on the farm, no one will even know you’re there.”
“Oh.” She seemed taken aback. “That…that sounds kind of perfect actually. And sweet. Really sweet.”
“I thought so, too,” he said, arms crossed. “Now I’m not so sure.”
“I’m sorry. I guess everything is getting to me a lot more than I thought it was.” Her hand reached out, gripping his for a moment. “Forgive my bitchiness?”
And how could he not? She had had a lot thrown at her recently, which fully entitled her to be a little cantankerous. Lord knew he’d been dealing with bouts of it himself. Although, if truth be told, since Amy came into his life, Max’s desire for a cigarette had been replaced by his overwhelming desire for her. Only really popping up just after sex, when he’d usually lit up in the past.
“I suppose my forgiveness could be persuaded. Any ideas?”
Turned out, Amy was full of ideas. So many, in fact, Max forgot all about packing and forgave Amy over and over again. Finally, forgiving her one last time, before falling off to sleep just as the sun began to rise. 




Chapter Fifteen


Farms and fields of snow-covered dirt, and wearing cowboy boots weren’t exactly what Amy was used to in her everyday life. If truth be told, she was about as country as Lady Gaga. But as they turned off the old dirt road, bumped and bounced along the long, winding driveway that led to Max’s grandmother’s house, Amy found she was intrigued by the idea of a new adventure, clearing her head where Max had played and spent summers as a child.
“Didn’t we have this conversation already?” Amy groaned, gripping the door handle to keep from sliding across the seat, as the truck found another deep divot in the driveway.
“Yes, we talked about it, but saying ‘I’m fine’ isn’t an answer. Annoying and infuriating, yes, but not even close to an answer.” 
After lightning fast packing and a longer than planned trip to the hospital because she’d had to say goodbye to all her co-workers since she didn’t know how long her leave of absence would be, she and Max had finally arrived at the farm. The trip had been pleasant for the most part, but after a call from Mason saying Ray hadn’t returned to his home since being released from jail the night before, Max had been somewhat agitated.
“Look, there’s nothing I can do to change the judge’s ruling, or the fact that Ray is unaccounted for. You’ve made sure no one is following us, we’ve told Cooper to be careful, and I’m sure your team will track Ray down. So I can either be pissed off and moody, or I can accept what I cannot change and have the courage to change the things I can. And I’m choosing to not let this latest development in the Ray Adams saga affect me.”
Max’s lips curved slightly. “Did you just go all Serenity Prayer on me?”
“You’re damn right I did. Rehab was more than just cookies and coffee and feelings being shared. I actually learned a lot while I was there, and one of those things was how to cope with stressful situations.”
Minor meltdown at the police station aside, Amy had been much calmer about the whole situation than maybe she should have been, but she trusted Max and Maximum Security to do their jobs.
“I really am okay, Max. I swear, so stop worrying.”
He still looked skeptical and Amy figured the only way to convince him would be to give him her story. Let him see that after what she’d already been through in life, this current situation was relatively minor by comparison.
Max put the truck in park, but left the engine running when she shifted in her seat, giving her his full attention.
“Remember the other day when you asked me if I thought I was invincible?”
“Yeah.”
“Would you like to know how I know that I’m not?”
“Only if you want to tell me. But Amy, you should know…”
“I want to.” She stopped what was no doubt going to be a reassuring, you-don’t-have-to-if-you-don’t-want-to speech. Then, noting their surroundings, she crinkled her nose. “Just maybe not here. Do you think we can shelve this for later on tonight when we’re alone?”
“After dinner I’ll show you around the property and introduce you to the animals. We can talk then. Sound good?”
“Sounds perfect.” She buttoned up her coat and pulled on her gloves, while Max turned off the truck and did the same.
Cranston Farm looked exactly as Max had described it, Amy thought, as she jumped down from the truck and let Goliath out of the backseat. A big, white two-story farmhouse with black shutters and a huge wrap-around porch was nestled between animal pens and several outbuildings to the west, hay bales and wide-open fields to the north and east. Large trees, bare from having dropped all their leaves, dotted the expansive yard, and Amy could imagine sitting on the porch in the summer, sipping iced tea under the shade of the monstrous oaks.
It was love at first sight.
Especially when she spotted the Christmas tree twinkling welcomingly in the large picture window to the right.
“What do you think?” Max asked as he rounded the hood of the truck.
She never took her eyes off the house. “I’m jealous you got to spend your summers here. We just got here, yet I know I’ll miss it when we leave.”
“You think so?”
“Yes. It’s breathtaking.”
“I couldn’t agree more.”
Amy tilted her head and looked back. Max’s eyes were solely on her, making her to blush.
“Maybe we should get inside before we become frozen like one of the lawn ornaments.”
“After you,” he said, and followed her up the stained wood steps and through the beautifully decorated front door with a giant wreath hung near the top.
“Gigi, we’re here!” He called out, making Amy jump, but the only response he got to his announcement was the twang of country music floating from the back of the old farmhouse and the smell of something delicious in the air.
“A whole team of cat burglars could be robbing the place and that woman would never know. Not as long as she has a rolling pin in her hands and Blake Shelton blaring on the radio.”
“I take it this isn’t the first time you’ve been ignored for the tall cowboy from Oklahoma?”
He shook his head with an affectionate grin and hung their coats in the closet below stairs.
“Let’s just say we’ve all learned how to make our presence known.”
Curious now, Amy took the hand Max offered and followed him through spacious rooms, each cozy and warm with its own rustic charm, and into a kitchen most chefs would envy.
Tall white cabinets with light honey oak trim and glass front doors took up the tops of three of the four walls, with a large butcher block island centered in the room, a stainless steel hanging pot rack above it that matched the appliances spread throughout.
Taking the last few steps that brought them fully into the room, Max lifted his finger to his lips and released her hand, tiptoeing toward the small, grandmotherly woman singing and dancing at the sink.
Short silver hair curled at the base of her neck, a dishtowel slung over her shoulder, Max’s grandma let out a squeal of surprise when he lifted her off the ground, spinning in a tight circle.
“Maxwell, you rascal, put me down!” she demanded, voice irritated but happy. “Don’t you know it’s impolite to scare the bejesus out of an old lady like that?”
“I guess it’s a good thing there aren’t any old ladies here then, huh?” He steadied her back on her feet and kissed her wrinkled cheek. “How’s my favorite girl? Miss me?”
“I’m wonderful now, darling. My Mic-Mac has finally come home.” She threw her arms around him, hugging him close; an action Max returned just as fiercely. “Come, let me take a look at you.” Mrs. Cranston drew back, frowning up at him. “You’ve been working too hard. You look tired and skinny.” She patted his cheek. “But don’t you worry, you’re home now, and my cookin’ will take care of that.”
Amy watched the exchange with a sort of warmhearted fascination. She loved the way Max so easily interacted with his grandmother, teasing her and making her laugh, before moving to introduce them. “Gigi, this is Amy Wilde, the…friend and client I was telling you about.” Amy had to curl her lips in to keep from laughing at the as if look Gigi gave him at his use of the word ‘friend’. “And Amy, I’d like you to meet my Gigi, my grandmother, Mrs. Audrey Cranston.”
She stuck out her hand.
“It’s nice to meet you, Mrs…”
“Sweetie, you can call me Gigi or Audrey, I’ll answer to either. But Mrs. Cranston makes me feel down right old.”
“I thought you said you were old, old lady?”
“Hush, you.” Audrey snapped her towel at a chuckling Max, before enveloping Amy in a hug that felt just as intense as the one she’d given her grandson. For such a small woman, she packed an extraordinary amount of strength in that tiny five foot nothing frame. “I’m so glad to meet you, Amy. You’re so pretty you put the sunshine to shame.”
There she went blushing again. It seemed Max wasn’t the only charming member of his family. A handful of words and a heartfelt hug was all it took for Amy to feel right at home in such a foreign environment. “Thank you. You have a stunning farm and home, Audrey.”
“Thank you. I hope you’ll get some enjoyment out of both while you’re here.”
 “I’m sure I will. Do you need help with anything? Whatever you’re cooking smells amazing.”
“That’s sweet, dear, but you must be tired after your trip. Maxwell, why don’t you show Amy to the apartment while I tend to the roast? You both look as though you could use some rest before dinner.”
“Are you sure?”
“Absolutely. Go on upstairs and get settled. I’ll see you in a couple of hours. We’ll talk then.”
Max moved in beside her. “Entrance to the apartment is this way. Let’s go up, then I’ll grab our stuff.”
“What about Goliath? Aren’t you worried he’ll run off,” then she remembered the long tube looking machine that reminded her of a sadistic paddle wheel when they first pulled in, “or get hurt?”
“Goliath will be fine. He’s been out here plenty of times and never strays far from the house. Besides, as soon as we disappear, Gigi will be spoiling him more than you do, anyhow.”
The jingle of a dog treat tin confirmed Max’s suspicions as they exited through the back door and up a wooden staircase attached to the garage.
“Home sweet home,” Max announced, while flipping the closest light switch, bathing the quaint space in a soft warm glow.
Open and warm, with a light tan color on the walls, a kitchenette, and a small living room area speckled with softly used furnishings, the garage apartment was just as special as the main house had been.
“It’s beautiful.”
“This was where Poppy used to store all the projects he was working on, but a few years after he died, Gigi turned it into a guest house of sorts to give overnight visitors a little more privacy.”
“She did an incredible job.”
“She did, didn’t she?” Max said proudly, the love he had for his grandmother shining through, making her swoon.
It was then that Amy started to wonder if she was the first woman Max had made swoon in this room, or on the farm itself. Being thirty-two he had to have had a few serious relationships over the years, and she wanted to ask, but felt that question was not only intrusive, none of her business.
Despite her and Max having shared a lot over the last few days, oddly enough, neither one of them had ventured into the past relationship territory. She didn’t know if that was because what they were doing was just fun and sharing war stories wasn’t a part of the deal, or if it was more neither one of them wanted to ruin a good thing by bringing up old flames.
Amy knew her reasons. With a past like hers, it was definitely better to err on the side of caution when wading into the exes pool. But now she found she was more than interested in Max’s reasons because despite the irrational hastiness of it all, Amy was well on her way to feeling something very powerful for him. Even though she couldn’t quite put her finger on what that something was.
Was it love? Doubtful. Who falls in love with someone they’ve known less than a week? Certainly no one Amy knew. But then again, what did she know on the subject? The only other person Amy had ever come close to having those kinds of feelings for was Andrew, but after dissecting every second they’d been together, she’d come to realize a few things about that time in her life. What she and Andrew had shared back then was fun at first, toxic in the middle, and tragic in the end, but it wasn’t love.
And yet, the undeniable connection she felt when Max caressed her skin, said her name in the throes of passion, hell, even looked at her with those intense eyes of his, all of that had been non-existent with Andrew, making Amy wonder if those knotted-up feelings in her gut whenever Max was around were really the manifestation of her growing feelings for him.
But despite her confusion, there was one thing she was sure of, and that was that Max Cranston was one of the best men she had ever known; a man who turned her on with a single look, made her feel safe and alive, and a man that simply held her when it had to have killed him not to ask the questions she knew he wanted to. He was the man she was falling helplessly, hopelessly in love with.
She heard the door close moments before she felt his breath in her hair, his kiss on the top of her head. “I can practically smell smoke. What’s on your mind?”
His body heat licked into hers, strong hands pulling her back, effectively shutting down her brain and igniting her body.
She turned in his arms and got lost in his touch. “You,” she sighed, and nipped his bottom lip. “And how it feels like it’s been forever since I’ve had you. How I feel like I’ll go crazy if I don’t at least get a little taste to hold me over.”
“Babe, you know I’m always happy to give you more than a taste.”
She kissed him again, this time bringing her hands up to rid him of his bicep hugging tee as she backed him into the wall with a thud.
“Not yet,” she demanded, staying firmly in the driver’s seat of this seduction. “I want to taste you, make you feel the same level of pleasure you always give me, and I won’t be able to do that if you touch me.”
“Not touching you will be torture.”
She smiled evilly, saying nothing more as she tempted and teased her way down his body, enjoying how his muscles practically vibrated when her knees, and his belt, hit the floor.




Chapter Sixteen


Completely sated by an excellent feast of beef brisket pot roast, homemade bread, and green beans, Max stood at the sink scrubbing the larger pots and pans that wouldn’t fit in the dishwasher, while Amy, accompanied by Gigi’s friend, Rosy, who’d joined them for dinner, was upstairs in his grandmother’s craft room, looking for scraps of material they could turn into scarves; an idea all three women had discussed animatedly between bites of potatoes and carrots and beef.
But even though he’d been present, Max had barely heard a word. He and Amy’s earlier activities in the apartment too busy flashing through his mind for him to be much of a conversationalist.
He couldn’t seem to stop thinking about how she’d opened herself to him, the raw emotion in her eyes, the way neither of them had been able to look away.
He grabbed another pot and scrubbed harder, trying like hell to escape the crazy thoughts and feelings that had attached themselves to him.
“You know,” Gigi started from her spot at the island, where she’d been quietly adding dollops of whipped cream to slices of homemade pumpkin pie. “I always knew it would take someone special, someone with just as much fire and energy as you to make you finally stop and smell the roses. I’m glad Amy was that person.”
“Is that right?”
“It is,” she said, definitively. “That girls got spirit and sass, won’t be easily pushed around. I like that.”
“Hmmm. Sounds like someone else I know,” he teased, trying to cover just how much his grandmother’s approval meant to him.
In all his thirty-two years, Max had never envisioned himself ‘falling’ for anyone the way his grandmother thought he was, okay, the way he was with Amy. And it wasn’t just because his job had jaded his perception of love and marriage, that loft full idea of finding his forever.
No, that had happened long before he became a P.I., before he learned how to spot and take down lowlife cheaters. Skills he wished he’d had as a once hard-headed and naïve teenager.
Gigi opened the drawer beside him when his smile began to fade, the sharp jab of fork prongs to his side snapping him quickly out of his misery.
“Damn, Gigi. What was that for?”
“You know darn well what that was for. I can practically smell the manure cultivating in your brain.”
“How do you know…”
“Who do you think you’re dealing with?” she said, hands planted firmly on her delicate hips. “I always know what you kids are thinking ten minutes before you think it. And I’m here to tell you that you are nothing like your father, Mic Mac, so get those rotten thoughts out of your head right now.”
“You’re good, I’ll give you that.” Max exhaled, doubling his efforts on the roasting pan. The last person he wanted to think about was his good-for-nothing father. Especially when the woman that gave birth to said sperm donor was standing next to him, gently rubbing at the tense knots between his shoulder blades.
“Have you told her?”
Her gentle tone made Max wind tighter.
“Told her what?” He asked casually, but Gigi wasn’t buying it, and only leaned on him harder.
“You know what I’m asking, darling? Have you told Amy how you feel? Your fears?”
He shook his head. “It hasn’t come up.”
“And it won’t. Not as long as you do what you do best, which is hide your emotions behind that charming smile and devil-may-care attitude. You’ve done it since you were a boy, and although I can’t say I blame you for it, what with the cards you kids were dealt and all. However, I think now would be a good time to let it go. If not for you, do it for Amy. For what the two of you have.”
“What we have? Gigi, we only met four days ago. It’s a little early to be thinking about anything long term.”
“What’s time got to do with the price of tea in China? Time is irrelevant when it comes to matters of the heart. Love is all about what you feel in here,” she placed her hand over his heart, “not what you think should or shouldn’t be logical up here,” her knuckles rapped against his skull.
He held onto the handle of the pan tighter, wishing it were that simple.
“I don’t know if I have the ability to trust what I feel. I see marriages fall apart every day, watch people who vowed to love one another until death do us part go for the jugular after they’ve found out their spouses have cheated. My own father cheated on my mother and left his family without giving it a second thought. His blood runs in my veins. It wouldn’t just be illogical for me to trust my feelings and expect them to last. It would be downright stupid.”
“Oh, honey. His isn’t the only blood running in your veins.” She held out a hand towel, forcing him to take it.
He dried his hands, wondering what had come over him all of a sudden, as Gigi led him to the island and patted the stool beside her.
“Come. Sit. I want to tell you a story. A story I probably should have told you a long time ago. Maybe if I had you’d view love and all its amazing possibilities differently.”
“What story? I thought I’d heard all of your stories?” 
“Not this one, you haven’t.” Her eyes went hazy for a moment. “You see, just after your sister, Lucy, was born, your father sat Poppy and I down and asked a favor of us, one I regret agreeing to to this day, but as a parent I understood his concerns.”
“What are you talking about? What favor?”
His grandmother’s gaze locked with his. “Your father asked that Henry and I never tell any of his children how we met and fell in love. That if asked, we should give the abbreviated version of events and leave it at that. He was afraid if any of you knew the truth it would give you unrealistic views of how the world worked, and lead to problems later on. I should have known then he was one cold fish, but as he was my own flesh and blood, I guess I didn’t really want to see it.”
“I don’t understand.” He shook his head. “Why would it matter how the two of you met, and what does any of that have to do with Amy and I’s situation?”
“Everything, my sweet boy,” she assured, patting him softly on the cheek. “You see, I met your grandfather in 1954, on a rainy summer night outside a pub in Edinburgh. I guess you could blame it on the Guinness, or the weather, or how ruggedly handsome he looked from all those long hours working on the ships down at Leith Docks, but from the moment our eyes met, we were in love.” She smiled and closed her eyes, and Max had to wonder if she was seeing that first night with Poppy all over again. “Henry didn’t even know my name when he asked if I wanted to dance in the rain with him. But when he held out his hand and our palms touched, we both knew we’d never wanted anything more.” She opened her eyes, a sheen of tears making them shimmer. “Then he spun me into his arms and we danced until dawn. And two days after that, we were married.”
Max blinked several times, both shocked and awed by what he’d heard. “You mean to tell me you married Poppy after only knowing him for two days?”
Gigi nodded happily.
“Of course, no one understood. My parents told me I was crazy, and maybe they were right, but we felt in our hearts we were doing the right thing.” She grasped his hand tightly, forcing his eyes to hers. “You see, you’re so afraid of becoming your father, Mic-Mac, when not so deep down you are so much like your Poppy it’s as if he were still here some days. He loved all you grandkids dearly, but the bond the two of you shared was special and now I know why.
“Yes, your father’s blood runs in your veins, but remember, his blood came from someone, too. And lucky for you, your grandfather was a great man, and thankfully, that greatness shines in you.”
He couldn’t speak. He’d never thought about his life that way. Because one day he’d just accepted a relationship like the one he saw between his grandparents was once in a lifetime, had convinced himself that all other forms of love were nothing more than tools for people to hurt each other with, and that he was better off never taking a chance. Now, he found he’d never wanted to take a chance more. 
“You never talk about him anymore.” He said around the lump in his throat, the heartache he still felt every time he thought about his grandfather. “How come?”
“Because I could see how much it upset you when I did. I have fifty years of memories to keep me company on the nights the pain takes over, and there’s not a single day I wake up and don’t thank God for guiding me to the pub that night when all I really wanted to do was go home. But, for you, it’s different. Your time with my Henry was cut short, and I can only imagine how that feels.”
“I used to think if I just stayed away, didn’t talk about what I was feeling and only came out here for holidays and birthdays it would get easier.”
“And did it?”
“No. If anything, running away only made it worse.” Max leaned forward and ran his finger along a crack in the wood of the island. “I’m so damn sorry, Gigi.”
“For what, dear?”
“For staying away. I only thought about myself, of what I was going through, when what I should have done was talk to you, hear stories like this one, and really get to know the man I grew up wanting to be.”
“You’re here now, and that’s all that matters.” She tipped Max’s chin up, studying him intently. “If Poppy were here right now, he’d tell you she’s worth a dance in the rain, Mic-Mac. All you have to do is hold out your hand.”
Max blinked away the moisture forming in the corners of his eyes, wished there was more he could say, but sometimes words were irrelevant.
“I think he would have liked her.”
“I think so, too, sweetheart. I think so, too.”

––––

Gigi had given him a lot to think about, but being a human mannequin for three playful women, who were having way too much fun draping colorful fabric around his neck, made forming any sort of coherent thought difficult.
And by the time arts and crafts time was over, night had settled on the farm and mugs of hot chocolate sat steaming in the kitchen.
Gigi and Rosy took their cocoa to the den, their less-than-subtle exchange of looks and dialogue about some TV program they just couldn’t miss making Max chuckle, as he grabbed his drink and went in search of where Amy had disappeared with hers.
He found her beside the Christmas tree, staring out at the farm; a creaky floor board giving him away as he approached, making her turn.
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you.”
“You didn’t.” She smiled contentedly before gazing out the window again. “I was just looking at all the snow that’s fallen since we arrived, how beautiful it looks in the moonlight. I guess I’d forgotten how nice it can be to just stop and appreciate the simple things every once in a while.” She let out a blissful sigh and laid her head on his shoulder. “Thank you for bringing me here. I don’t know if I’ve ever felt so at peace.”
“I know what you mean.” Max’s thoughts drifted back to the conversation with his grandmother, to the story she’d told, and suddenly there was only one thing in the world he wanted to do.
Setting their mugs beside one another on the windowsill, Max took Amy into his arms, the light from the tree and the fire roaring in the fireplace bathing the otherwise dark room in soft, warm light, as they started to sway to the sound of the logs crackling and popping in the hearth.
“What are you doing?” She asked, her bemused look more curious than concern, when Max pressed his forehead to hers, closing his eyes and letting the perfection of the moment sweep them both away.
“I think older generations called it wooing.”
“Wooing, huh?” She smiled endearingly, sending his heart soaring even higher. “And what would you call it?”
“Dancing.”
“I see.” Her cheek found his chest as they continued to rock as one “But what about the music? What would those older generations have to say about that?”
“Well, I’m told, if you listen hard enough, somewhere deep down, you’ll find the perfect tune.”
Hand covering his heart, Amy snuggled closer and got lost in the mystic of the moment with him. From the window to the fireplace, they covered the floor effortlessly, hand in hand, cheek to cheek, while the moons glow provided a magical backdrop for their tuneless whirl, until finally, time and their feet began to slow.
Max slid his hand up her back and caressed her cheek. And when he dipped her, her gasp of surprise reminded him of all the other ways he’d made her gasp before.
“Thank you for the dance.”
This time, there was no sauciness or sass in her smile, only smoldering liquid heat that scorched him all the way to his soul.
“The pleasure was all mine.”
Her breath was bated, and while there were a million things that came to mind that Max wanted to say, when it truly came down to it, he could only think of one.
He took her by the hips and steadied her on her feet, then stared into her eyes and pulled her closer. “I’ve never wanted to make love to anyone as badly as I want to make love to you right now. Say you want that too. Say I can have you again.”
Without answering, Amy grabbed his hand and pulled him through the house and up the back steps. But when they made it into the apartment, things were different than before. This time, there was no rush or frenzy to their movements as they undressed one another slowly on their way to the bedroom.
Cupping her breasts, he flicked his tongue out, tasting her nipple, teasing, devouring, while his other hand moved lower, tracing around her navel and slipping between her folds, slick and swollen with arousal. Max’s mouth never left hers as he laid her back on the bed, where she bucked against his fingers when he added another, pumping slowly in and out of her body until she was begging, pleading for release.
“Now, Max. Please. Make love to me. I need to feel you.”
His lips covered hers, and all of his self-control vanished as he once again slid bare into snug, wet heat, taking possession of her body they way she’d taken possession of his entire being. Wholly and completely; without mercy.
Max drove into her tight sheath, harder, faster, every movement seeming new somehow. Not physically, of course, but knowing how he felt, that he was truly making love to a woman for the first time in his life, made what they were doing indescribably better than any time before.
Amy arched off the bed, her cries of, “More,” fueling his need to please her on an even deeper level.
Max groaned and increased the pressure and pace of his thrusts, their bodies joined from chest to pelvis, the sounds of heated flesh slapping into heated flesh filling the room as the words he’d barely been able to stop only moments ago came pouring out in a fevered rush.
“I love you.”
He felt her gasp, the wild beating of her heart matching his own as he got lost in her tear-filled eyes, his confessed feelings of love being reflected back at him, even if she had yet to say the words.
And then he was kissing her again, the pleasure mounting, climbing higher. Her needy moans driving him, his rhythm becoming almost desperate as he drove into her.
“Yeah, Baby, there you go. Let me feel you come. I love you so damn much.”
Amy’s fingers scrambled for purchase on his sweat slickened back, his cock, like the rest of him, nothing more than a prisoner to her and her beautiful body as her release made them both fall blissfully over the edge.
And straight into love.




Chapter Seventeen


Amy lay in the curve of Max’s arms long after they’d made love and watched him sleep. Every chiseled feature relaxed, hair tousled, dark lashes fanned out against his cheeks, her eyes saw and appreciated it all, drinking him in like a cool glass of water on a hot summer’s day.
“I love you so damn much.”
Max’s words from hours before played like a record set on repeat inside her head and she smiled.
“I love you, too, P.I.”
And I’m sorry for being the world’s biggest idiot.
She rolled to her back and stared helplessly at the ceiling.
God, what was wrong with her?
Four words. Four simple words was all she’d had to say, and when it came time to say them, to actually tell the man who’d stolen her heart that she loved him back, something she knew deep in her soul, she’d froze. She’d left him standing on that terrifying ledge all by himself, the words trapped behind paralyzed lips and walls of emotional baggage.
She knew how she felt, that wasn’t the problem, that wasn’t what had made the words die on her tongue. It was the questions his admission sparked in her brain. Questions like: How?
How could Max love her when he knew so little about her or her past, the person she used to be, the things she’d done. They were supposed to talk earlier, but things hadn’t gone entirely to plan after dinner. Then when there had been time, Max had gone and completely swept her off her feet with his Cary Grant dancing skills and admissions of love, until she had no desire to tarnish the enchantment of the moment with such a dark and twisted past.
Now he slept while she lay awake, everything getting more messed up and jumbled inside her head.
One hour turned to two, then three, each darkened moment ticking quietly into the next, her eyes as heavy as the thoughts on her mind, but no matter how hard she tried, sleep just wouldn’t come.
Then she saw it, the first flickering of pre-dawn light against the sky-blue curtains, and she rolled silently out of bed, praying Max would stay asleep as she gathered the clothes she would need for a run.
Tiptoeing her way to the living room, Amy got dressed in the near darkness, uncaring that the temps had to be near freezing. She needed the escape running provided, the clear mind it would leave, so she could come back and tell Max the truth.
Muscles warmed and stretched, Amy tightened her tennis shoes and opened the door.




Chapter Eighteen


Max hurried and hid behind a tree when the little girl with bright green eyes stopped and glanced over her shoulder, no doubt scanning and looking… for him.
“What are you up to, little one?” he wondered aloud, careful not to give away his position. And when the little girl was sure no one was looking, Max had his answer.
She ducked under the picnic table, disappearing from the watchful eyes of the others with a vanilla ice cream cone clutched in each hand.
From his spot behind the tree, Max could only watch and chuckle softly, as his little girl licked one of the melting treats, while Goliath gave the same excited treatment to the other. No doubt she’d been put up to the naughty task by her mother and grandmother, who knew, if she were to be caught, her daddy would never be mad at his little princess for spoiling the giant mutt.
Sadly enough, they were right in that assumption.
All it took was one look from those big doe eyes––so much like Amy’s in every way––and Max was putty in his baby girl’s hands. A fact she and everyone else knew all too well.
A loud hammering sound from the garage echoed across the yard, and Max moved toward it with a shake of his head. He lifted up the heavy metal door, expecting to find the rest of the guys working on Gracie’s new playhouse; only it wasn’t the same garage he’d left minutes before. Or it was, but it looked like it had years ago, back when…
“Help!”
That voice.
How long had it been since Max had heard that deep, thunderous baritone?
“Poppy?” He ran toward the voice, the door slamming shut as soon as he did, shrouding the whole area in darkness.
Making his way through the room by memory and feel alone, Max felt along the wall, searching for the light switch he knew was there.
“Damn it, where is it?” he growled, when a large hand took him by surprise, thwarting his efforts. The touch on his arm was firm, pulling at him, urging him away from the wall, trying to pull Max further into the dark, while he did his best to resist.
“No, Max. You have to come with me. She’s in danger. Amy needs you now more than ever.” Poppy’s voice was insistent beside him, panicked even.
Max couldn’t see the man, but he knew the person attached to the disembodied voice and the firm grip was his grandfather, and it was both comforting and unnerving as hell. How could he possibly know about Amy? They’d never met. He couldn’t…
Max suddenly felt the cold tentacles of dread sink into his bones, the mere thought of anything happening to Amy taking the fight right out of him.
He covered the hand on his arm with his own and squeezed. “Where is she, Poppy? What happened to Amy?”
The hold on his arm became anaconda tight, exceeding firm and becoming painful until he was sure the bone would break.
“Save her, Max. You have to save her. Now!”


Max jolted upright, splintering pain bouncing around his skull as fresh morning sunlight penetrated his previously shuddered retinas, a cold sweat covering his entire body from head to toe.
“Jesus!” He put a hand over his heart, trying desperately to calm its erratic beating; a task made all the more difficult by the fact the bed beside him was cold and empty.
Max knew it had all been some crazy, bizarre, fucking insane dream––it had to have been. There was no other explanation–– but even so, he kicked off the covers and hopped into his jeans as fast as he could. He had to find Amy, had to see with his own eyes that she was safe. And then, once he had, he was going to call Mason and demand an update. But halfway to the door of the apartment, Max was rendered motionless by an overwhelming scent of sawdust and lacquer surrounding him, leaving not one hair on his body laying flat.
Poppy.
This time, he ran even faster; out the door, down the steps, and almost––literally––through the back door of the main house, remembering at the last second to turn the knob.
Cinnamon rolls sat on the island, two plates, dirty with icing, and half drank glasses of juice beside them.
“Gigi, Amy!”
He ran through the halls, checking rooms and calling out for someone, anyone, to answer, until finally he found Gigi in the laundry room folding towels, the sound of the machines running clearly overpowering his shouts.
“Where’s Amy?”
Gigi looked up to where he was supporting himself on the doorframe, eyebrow cocked.
“Well good morning to you to…” She started to admonish, but stopped and frowned. “Uh oh. What’s wrong?”
“Nothing. I’m fine. I just need to find Amy.” He did his best to keep his tone even. “I was hoping you’d seen her this morning.”
“As a matter of fact, I did.”
“When?” He hastened, feeling only marginally better with the information. “Please, Gigi. It’s important. What time did you see her?”
“Yes, I can see that.” Gigi dropped the towel into the basket and thought. “I saw her around five-thirty or so, I guess it was. She was outside warming up for a morning run, and I talked her into breakfast. We had a nice chat, and then she took off.”
“Five-thirty?” Max blanched. “Gigi, it’s almost nine. You didn’t think it was weird she hadn’t come back?”
“I assumed she’d gone back upstairs to be with you.” She said, worried now herself. “Maxwell, what’s going on? Why do you look as though you’ve seen a ghost?”
“Someone’s been stalking Amy; threatening her, completely terrorizing her,” he said, letting his own dam of worry break free. “Her car, her condo, sending her letters. That’s why we’re here. I thought she’d be safer out of the city, but now...”
“Now what?”
“Poppy came to me in a dream, told me Amy was in danger, and when I woke up, she wasn’t there. And now you’re telling me she hasn’t been seen in at least three hours.” He grabbed the doorframe so hard he heard the wood crack. “I have to find her, Gigi. I have to. I love her.”
“I know you do, Mic-Mac. And she loves you, too.”
That was probably the only thing that could have paused the horror show inside his head.
“She does?”
“She does.”
“But, how…”
“I told you, we had a nice chat this morning before she left. Now, I’m not going to divulge any privacies; that’s Amy’s right to share that bit of wonderful news with you when you find her. And you will, Mic-Mac. Because if your grandfather came to you, that means he’s watching out for her, and he’d never let you down. Not in a million years.”
“You mean like I’ve let Amy down?”
He didn’t see the backhand to his gut coming until it was too late.
“Hey what was that for?” He wheezed, but found no sympathy on the other end, just a scowl and good ol’ fashioned Scottish toughness.
“That, my gloomy grandson, was for being a negative Nancy and a colossal pain in my batoot.” Gigi swatted at him again, and then shooed him out of the small room with more force than he’d known she possessed. “Now, stop your belly aching and go find your girl. I’ll call the sheriff.”
Sense effectively knocked back into him, Max kissed her on the cheek and nodded.
“All right. Which way did she go?”




Chapter Nineteen


“Summer has come and passed. The innocent can never last. Wake me up when September ends…”
Wet blue eyes, icy with solitude and pain, stared at the road ahead, a worn picture, creased and crinkled, clutched tightly to a heaving chest, the Green Day lyrics evoking an endless stream of tears and sadness for what could have been.
Unreasoning rage took a turn, focusing on the rear-view mirror and the reflection of the smaller of the two blanket-covered lumps lying stretched unconscious across the cargo area.
“You stole everything from me. Everything.” A palpable amount of hatred coated those words. “But now justice will be served, and this time there won’t be anyone around to save you.” A cruel smile lifted painted lips as snow, fat and big, began to fall.
Radio turned up, the driver powered ahead, and when the large green and white sign indicated Fox Lake 10 miles, they took the exit.
“I hope you’re ready for your watery homecoming, Princess. Because your clock is about to strike midnight for the last time.”




Chapter Twenty


Wood, jagged and splintered, scratched Amy’s cheek, the smell of fish and the motion of where she was laying making her stomach roll and her skin go clammy as she slowly opened her eyes and found her worst nightmare come to life spread out before her.
“No!” The word was but a whisper on her lips, her entire being seized against the dock. But it wasn’t just any dock. It was the dock, the one that had haunted her dreams and danced in her nightmares since she was eighteen.
Distressed and more than a little dizzy now, Amy’s head swam as she struggled to sit up, but no matter how hard she tried she couldn’t seem to move; not with her legs bound and her arms cinched behind her back the way they were. Already her right shoulder and hip were protesting the held position, and she knew it wouldn’t be long before numbness would regrettably follow the pain.
How the hell did this happen? And how on Earth did I end up here?
The last thing she remembered was being expertly interrogated by Max’s grandmother––with cinnamon rolls and juice as her weapons of choice––until she was freely running off at the mouth, divulging every one of her worries and fears, and getting nothing but loving and reassuring grandmotherly guidance in return.
Then, since she’d had two reasons to run after that––the sweets and her thoughts––Audrey had given her directions to a path that ran behind the barn and down to the creek that was hidden behind a stand of trees on the edge of the property.
But that’s where things started to get fuzzy.
She remembered wanting to stop by the barn on her way toward the woods. Curiosity being what it was, she wanted to get a look at the horses Max had promised to take her riding on later in the day to try and assuage some of the nerves she was having about the whole situation. After all, it wasn’t every day Amy had a two-thousand-pound animal swaying beneath her, and she wanted a chance to meet the beast first before just being thrown into a saddle.
And that’s when hit her; she’d felt something, a pinch or a poke; a needle maybe, in the back of her neck when she’d been introducing herself to the brown and white speckled mare in the corner stall. Before everything had gone black.
That had to be what had her head feeling so foggy now. Someone had drugged her.
But who?
Ray?
Given her current location, Amy was starting to have serious doubts about Ray Adams being the person who was after her. There’s no way he could have known about this place. Which only left one possibility: Max had been right all along. Whoever was after her was after her because of Andrew, and Amy was screwed unless she could free herself from her restraints before whoever that was came back.
Rallying as much strength as she could, Amy rocked first one way then the other–– always mindful of the edge of the dock and the icy water below–– while she did her best to gain momentum and roll to her butt.
Once there, she bounced around just enough so that her hands were no longer behind, but in front her. Then, she went to work on the zip ties, only to find they were impossible to remove without the aid of something sharp or flat.
Figuring she was going to have to make a run for it still shackled, Amy fought through another round of dizziness as she got to her feet and began the slow and delicate process of waddling like a penguin down the ridiculously long pier. Fitting, given the fact that she was as cold one.
Apparently, her captor had found it necessary to remove her coat and gloves before binding her, and the plastic of the ties had long since began to cut into her skin, making her bleed from just above her ankles. But still she persisted because there was no way in hell she was going to let a little pain stop her from making an escape. She had a family depending on her to be there for Christmas; friends to joke, laugh, and drink wine with.
But more importantly, she had Max now too.
A man, who Amy decided after hearing about his grandparent’s whirlwind love story from Gigi, had all but proposed to her with that little spin around the living room the night before. A proposal she was damn sure going to accept once she got out of her current predicament.
Finally, the end of the dock was near. Another couple minutes and she’d be clear of the water and the danger it presented. Then all she would have to do is find something to cut through her ties and get ready to run like hell.
But Amy’s dreams of escape were blown to pieces when she heard a voice ––a woman’s–– barking orders from not that far away. A voice that sounded so familiar, and yet, as a duo came around the side of the boathouse––a woman pointing a gun and forcing a man to walk––Amy couldn’t keep the look of total and complete shock off her face.
Standing before her, shackled in much the same way she was, minus his legs, was Ray. He had a cut over his left eye and a gag in his mouth. And with each new step he took, he seemed to be favoring his side more and more; the gun poking him between the shoulder blades probably not helping at all with his pain. A gun that was being held by none other than… 
“Paige!”
“Hello, Bestie.” The evil curl of her lips as she forced Ray onto the dock made Amy shudder. “Miss me?”
“Uh…”
What. The. Fuck.




Chapter Twenty-One


Max ran to the tree line and back, searching for any sign that Amy had made it out that far, but the only footprints he saw when he looked around were his own. And that was when his concern grew from mild worry to full-blown fear.
He checked all the outbuildings, called neighbors and friends thinking maybe she’d gotten lost and just hadn’t been able to find her way back, but much to his dismay, nobody had seen her.
He was half way back to the woods when his phone rang; Amy’s name and picture glowing happily on the screen.
“Oh, thank God. Where the hell have you been? Do you have any idea how worried we’ve all been?” He roared into the phone, but the voice that answered was far from the one he’d been expecting.
“Sorry, man. Not her, I’m afraid.”
“Trent? How the hell did you get Amy’s phone?” He snapped. “Did you find her? Is she with you? Is she okay?”
“I found the phone buried in the hay in Wren’s stall.” The farm hand said, then paused, making Max’s heart do the same. He knew there was more, could hear it in the eerie silence.
“Whatever it is, Trent, just tell me. I can take it.”
At least he hoped he could. 
Trent blew out a breath and sighed. “Man, I hate to be the one to tell you this, but we found drag marks in the dirt from the stall to the back exit. I followed them out and there appears to be a set of tire tracks that don’t belong to any of the vehicles or farm equipment. Other than that, we haven’t been able to find any signs of your girl anywhere.”
“Was there…” God, he couldn’t even bring himself to ask the question. Thankfully, Trent was quick to put him out of his misery.
“No. No blood. But there was a syringe with some sort of liquid in it. Definitely not one we use on the animals.”
Max shifted directions and gears. He had to think like an investigator, not a lover. It was the only way he was going to keep it together long enough to find her.
“Is the sheriff here yet?”
“He and his deputies arrived a few minutes ago and are already searching the barn for more evidence.”
“Tell him I’m headed back that way now. I’m just on the other side of the south paddock.”
“Will do.” 
“Thanks. And thanks for all your help.”
He went to pocket his phone, but changed his mind at the last second. He needed to call Mason and Warner; Amy’s family.
God, her family.
How could he even begin to make that phone call? Max had sworn he would protect Amy at all costs, promised her brother she was safe with him, and he’d failed. Not to mention, all he’d be able to tell them was that she was missing, possibly hurt, but more than likely unconscious.
He wouldn’t let himself think beyond those scenarios. It would just be too much for him to deal with when he was already at the end of his proverbial rope.
He saw the flashing lights and hurried toward the barn. His phone rang again, and this time it was his brother’s name that appeared.
“Tell me Warner’s got a line on Ray Adams.” He said, foregoing any sort of greeting. “I want that bastard in a cell by lunch.”
“Store clerk at the gas station down the street from Ray’s house remembers him buying a case of beer the night he was released.” Mason said, clearly on board with Max’s plan. “He also said that he overheard Ray ordering what sounded like a pizza while he looked around.”
“That doesn’t make any sense. Why buy a case of beer and order pizza that close to home if you don’t plan on going there?”
“Warner thought the same thing, so he had a look at the surveillance tapes from the building across the street because the gas station’s cameras were busted. Max, Ray Adams isn’t your perp. The person you’re looking for is female, and from the looks of that tape, a very crafty one. She knocked him out with…”
“A syringe.”
“Yeah, how’d you know?”
“One was found in the barn here, along with drag marks and unknown tire tracks.”
“Shit!”
Max couldn’t agree more.
“Do we know who she is? Was the video clear enough to get a still from one of the frames?”
“No ID yet, but Warner did show the still to the FedEx delivery guy that dropped off the letter, and he said it’s the same woman that paid him to do the delivery.”
“Whoa, what are you talking about? What FedEx guy?”
“I was going to be calling you this morning. The doorman’s description matched one of the FedEx employees on a nearby route to a tee. Warner questioned him, and he said some lady in a pair of scrubs approached him, claimed the package was delivered to her building by mistake, and tipped him to take it to the right one.”
“Send me her photo. If she was wearing scrubs that means Amy probably works with her.”
Mason went quiet for a second.
“Done. Check your email. I’ll call Warner and have him take the still to St. Vincent’s; see if anyone recognizes her.”
But Max already had the email opened on his phone and staring back at him was a face he recognized.
“Don’t bother sending Warner anywhere.”
“What, why?”
“Because I know her. Amy said goodbye to her at the hospital yesterday before we left. Her name’s Paige Newberry, and I want to know everything about her life up till now in the next ten minutes. Starting with any and all connections she has to Andrew Hammel.”

––––

Helpless and completely frozen, Amy watched the metal of the gun dig deeper into Ray’s spine.
“Paige, I don’t know what’s going on, but whatever it is, we can talk about it. Please. Nobody needs to get hurt here today, so why don’t you just put the gun down and we can all just walk away.”
“Talk?” Paige huffed out a laugh that lacked both humor and joy. “You think I went through all the trouble I did because I wanted to talk to you? Scare you, yes, but sorry, Princess, I’m not like Ray here. You’re need for attention is of no consequence to me.”
“Then why are you doing this? For Andrew?”
It didn’t take a rocket scientist to deduce that from her age and looks, Paige and Andrew had probably been involved at one time or another.
“Don’t. Don’t you dare say his name!” Paige shouted, finally taking the gun off Ray, only to point it straight at her.
Amy forced herself not to flinch.
“You don’t ever get to say his name again. Not after what you did.”
“What I did?” Did anything this crazy woman said make sense? “Paige, I didn’t do anything. Andrew OD’d. I wasn’t even with him the night he died.”
“I know.” She shrieked. “I know you weren’t, because I was.”
“Wait. You? You were the friend that found him?”
“Yes, me!” Tears slid down Paige’s cheeks, the gun shaking in her hand. “Andrew called me that night. He was upset, said you’d left him again, broken his heart. I figured I’d helped mend it once before and could do it again. But when I got there, he was already gone.” She moved closer now, the gun aimed straight at Amy’s heart. “His phone was in his hand and I saw the messages he’d sent you. He was begging for help, pleading for forgiveness, and you completely ghosted him. You could have saved his life, but instead you chose to be selfish and now he’s dead. He’s dead and you’re the reason I’ll never be able to see him again.”
Amy searched for the right words that would somehow get her and Ray out of this situation with both their lives intact. She needed time to think, to formulate a plan. Unfortunately, time wasn’t a luxury either of them had, so she went for honesty and hoped it didn’t earn her a bullet.
“You’re right, Paige. You’re absolutely right. Andrew did ask for my help that night and I ignored his pleas, and I regret that to this day, but killing Ray and I won’t bring Andrew back. Nothing will. So why don’t we all just walk away while we still can because I don’t think you really want to spend the rest of your life with two murders hanging over your head. Do you?”
“Two murders?” Paige asked with mock confusion, before moving in behind Ray once again and raising the gun to his head. “That’s not how I see it, and it certainly won’t be what the cops think either. All they’ll see is two people dead, one a known stalker of the other. Classic murder/suicide.”
“But Ray didn’t have anything to do with Andrew or his death.” Amy reminded her. “Why hurt him?”
“You’re right, he didn’t, but his crazy behavior provided me the perfect out. His death will be nothing more than a means to a delightful end. For you.” Paige sighed, as if this whole life/death debate bored her. “I mean, honestly, if you would have just stayed dead the first time, none of this would have been necessary. So really, Ray’s death is just another body to add to your list.”
Amy felt her legs go weak.
“Y-you pushed me into the water that night. Didn’t you?”
“Look who finally caught up!” Paige rolled her eyes. “Yes, I pushed you. Andrew and I had been hooking up at parties for years, but that night he refused, said he had a girlfriend, but when I saw the way you attacked him, treated him so poorly, I knew his sense of honor and decency was misguided, and I wanted to make it easier for him.” She embodied nothing but cold, dead steadiness. “When you were laying not that far from where we’re standing now, moaning in pain, I saw an opportunity to get rid of you, and I took it. Too bad that doctor was at the party. Fucking do-gooder.”
The sneer on her face was so full of malice that it was obvious to Amy that keeping the psychopath talking was getting them nowhere, except maybe exciting Paige more at the prospect of killing Amy in some new and creative way.
Amy saw the same fear in Ray’s eyes with every alarming admission as well, and she knew that gun or no gun, the ability to move quickly or not, they both had to stop waiting for Paige to make her move.
Verbal communication out, Amy tried to convey with her eyes and subtle body movements exactly what she needed Ray to do; knowing that her plan would either go off without a hitch, or they would fail and really piss off the loon with the gun. Either way, she knew they had to at least try.
And then it was as if everything started to move in slow motion.
Ray swung his elbow back, stunning Paige, who lost her grip on the gun, but not before getting off a shot that, thankfully, lodged in the plank next to Amy’s left foot. The weapon then fell to the tattered wood, and Amy took the opportunity to dive on the deadly device. In hindsight, probably not the smartest idea she’d ever had, diving on top of a loaded gun like that, but when it didn’t discharge, Amy considered it a risk well worth taking, as she was able to slide it over the side and into the water.
“No! Look what you did. You ruined everything.” 
Paige’s shrieks and kicks of fury blended with the whir of sirens that echoed in the distance.
“Get off me you demented asshole! I have to do this. I have to finish what I started.”
Somehow, between the elbow to their captor’s gut and Amy’s play for the gun, Ray had managed to get a distracted Paige in a bear hug of sorts with his still bound hands and was now holding her in place the best he could.
“Get off! Get off! Get oooooffffff!”
Both nut jobs in her life temporarily occupied, Amy did the only thing she could in her still tied up state; she rolled to her back and closed her eyes, and did her best to tune out Paige’s continued shouts as she waited for the cavalry to arrive.




Chapter Twenty-Two


The sun warmed Amy’s face. The babbling of the creek and steady clip clop of the horse’s hooves against the frozen earth filled her with a calm peacefulness she hoped to never lose again.
Two days had passed since Paige’s tornado of crazy had blown through their lives, and Max and Amy were finally able to take that ride he’d promised her. Mostly because in the last forty-eight hours, or so, there hadn’t been much time for anything other than interviews, police reports, hugging, crying, and too little sleep.
Once Paige had been transferred back to the city and the detectives had received all of the evidence that Maximum Security had acquired––the video footage, hairs from the letter, which turned out to be from Paige’s dog, the syringe from the barn covered in her fingerprints–– things had gone about as expected. Paige and her team of high-priced lawyers entered a plea of not guilty by reason of insanity during her first court appearance, and the judge, after reviewing the evidence and seeing the calculated and methodical way she’d pulled off not only one, but two kidnappings, chose to remanded her without bail until trial.
And thanks to the high-profile nature of the case, Amy’s parents had unfortunately seen the story on the news, so she and Max had spent the previous day at their house, where there had been more hugging and crying, and even some yelling from her dad, but she guessed that couldn’t be helped give the circumstances.
At least it had been a good day for her mother. Only a couple times had Amy noticed her mother getting confused or forgetful. All in all, though, it had been an exhausting, but nice, couple of days, where she had been reminded over and over again how truly loved she was.
“How’s the hip?” Max asked, breaking what had been a rather lengthy bout of silence between them.
She turned to the mass of contradictions Max made, as he sat comfortably atop his horse in a pair of black jeans and a leather jacket, dark hair buzzed on the sides. He was like the James Dean of cowboys, and Amy had to actively stop herself from staring at his firm butt as it moved in time with the horse’s steps.
“You mean since you asked me five minutes ago?” She asked with a chuckle, hoping to diffuse the lingering tension with humor, but Max barely cracked a smile.
And there it was, the one dark cloud in her otherwise blue sky of a life, the one that no matter how hard she tried still hung gloomily overhead.
Ever since she’d stepped out of the police cruiser in Johnsburg, Max had been apologetic yet distant, and it pained her to see how much he blamed himself for what had happened.
Amy sighed and reined her mare, Wren, closer to his gelding.
“My hip is fine, Max. Just like the rest of me. It’s you I’m worried about.”
The lines around his mouth grew tighter, but still he said nothing; just continued to brood and Amy figured they’d shelved their discussion from the other day long enough. She didn’t want to do this right now, damn it, she was in her new happy place, but Mr. Rain Cloud was sullying her good mood with his sour one, so she decided, very begrudgingly, that she might as well get it over with.
“There’s no way you could have known,” she started softly, hating how her statement made Max’s head hang even lower.
“It was my job to know, to think of every possible scenario.” He bit out; his voice harsher than she’d ever heard before. “But instead of doing my job, I let myself become distracted and because of that you almost got killed.”
“So now being psychic is part of your job description?” Amy scoffed. “Because that’s the only way you could have known Paige was the person after me when all evidence pointed in a completely different and realistic direction.”
“I should have done more, stayed focused.”
“Oh bullshit. Just bullshit.” Amy shouted, then brought her annoyance down to a simmer when the horses began to spook.
She took a deep breath and tried again.
“Look, I didn’t even know her and I shared a connection when it came to Andrew. To me, Paige was just another co-worker. I had no idea she was the blur I saw coming out of the boathouse with him back then, or that she was the person responsible for me ending up in the water that same night.”
Max stiffened and Amy went on before he could stop her.
“I was eighteen,” she said without need for clarification.
“Young.”
“Exactly,” she nodded, happy he was actually listening now instead of brooding. “Young, stupid, and worst of all, in love. At least I thought I was, but I’m getting ahead of myself. The night after my high school graduation Andrew threw a party. I won’t bore you with all the minute details, but let’s just say I got a taste of something I liked that night and began gorging myself on it as often as I could after that.”
“What was it? Your drug of choice.”
“Cocaine at first, but as the summer progressed, I started mixing it with X, washing both down with bottles of vodka. I was so dehydrated by the time I was finally admitted to the hospital the doctors were shocked my kidneys were still functioning.”
“Any long term damage?”
“None that I know of, but that’s only a foot note in this sad story,” she sighed, needing to say the rest before she lost her nerve. “So that was my summer. Booze, drugs, pills. I never went home, barely spoke to my folks. I started to hate it. Andrew and I fought constantly, but I was ashamed, so I put up with it so he’d continue to feed my habit.
“The night of the Fox Lake party, Andrew and I had fought on the way there. We were both already pretty loaded when we arrived, but in that house every room was like being a kid in a candy store, and being pissed off only fueled my drinking, which heightened the drugs. Eventually, I was so far gone I forgot about being pissed and went to find him.”
“Enter the blur?”
“You guessed it. Of course, by the time I staggered my way to him she was gone. It’s funny, even now that I know who it was, I can’t place her.”
“To be fair to your spotty memory, you had more than a few things impairing your vision that night.”
“I guess.” She shrugged, not entirely unhappy that she couldn’t remember every part of what had happened. “It doesn’t really matter though, or at least, I didn’t think it did until Paige admitted to being the one to shove me in the water that night. Andrew and I had fought and I ended up hitting my head. He walked away and apparently, she found me. Found me and decided to push me in because he’d rejected her. For me.”
“So deep down there might have been a decent person inside Andrew after all.”
“I think so, even saw that person a few times, but he made his choices and I made mine. I’ll probably never know the name of the person that saved me that night, but I’m glad they did.”
Max reached over and grabbed her reins, bringing both their horses to a stop. He leaned in and she met him half way for a too short kiss.
“I’m glad they did, too. You’re an incredible person, Amy. And I’m happy I stuck around to take this case.”
One more kiss, and he got them moving again, encourage her to do the same.
“So, what happened then?”
“Then it was a short stay in the hospital, followed immediately by rehab. It was hard; I’m not going to lie. Withdrawals and depression are no joke, but instead of being ashamed like I thought they’d be, my family rallied around me and it made the whole experience infinitely better.”
“It didn’t break you.” Max said matter-of-factly, without the hint of a question in his tone.
“It easily could have, but no. I came out stronger than before, with no plans to ever go back. Now I’m a nurse because I want to help people and pay it forward.” She turned to the side, regarding Max curiously. “Is that why you became a P.I.? Was it a calling?”
“I wouldn’t exactly say it was a calling,” Max said, a little of that gloom returning. “But when I was sixteen my dad cheated on my mom with a woman half his age, and supposedly when that woman asked him to leave all of us for her, he did.”
“Damn, that had to have been rough with six kids.” Amy could only imagine how Max’s mother had felt to have her whole world turned upside down like that by the man she loved. “No wonder age is such an issue for you. That couldn’t have been easy to deal with as a teenager.”
“It was hell for a while, but we all made it out relatively unscathed,” he said, cocking his eyebrow. “And I’d like to think I’m learning to get over the whole age gap thing, thank you very much.”
Amy flipped her hair and batted her eyes. “It’s because I’m great in the sack, isn’t it?.”
Max threw his head back and laughed, a sound Amy had missed since that fateful morning two days prior.
“Can’t disagree there,” he said, getting close enough to pull Amy onto his lap with one hand, while holding both sets of reins with the other.
He kissed the tip of her cold, red nose. “But, you know that’s not the real reason.”
“Oh yeah? What is then, hmm?”
“Because I love you,” he said simply, and she supposed that was as good a reason as any.
At the end of the tree line, near the creek, the pair dismounted and Amy ran her fingers along the thin, ice-covered branches of a small tree, making them knock together musically.
“It’s like being inside a dream out here.” She stated, wondrously, getting lost in the serenity and innocence of the snow-covered forest.
“I don’t think dreams are supposed to give you frost bite,” Max replied mockingly, blowing warm air into his hands.
Amy glared at him over her shoulder. “You are the opposite of romantic, you know that?”
“Am I?” He smiled coyly, and before Amy could take her next breath, the world around her spun, then tilted. The tips of her hair grazing the well-worn path as Max brought his lips to hers for a kiss that literally swept her off her feet and left her breathless.
Soft at first, then calculated and deliberate, there were flicks of his tongue over her sensitized lips, moving further inside with every stroke, making love to her mouth the way he’d made love to her body so many times before; completely and thoroughly turning her mind and body to mush.
Max eased back enough to exhale shaky words against her kiss swollen lips. “How was that for romantic?”
“Cary Grant and Clark Gable have got nothing on you, Babe,” she gasped, still trying to catch her breath.
And just like in one of those old movies, delicate snowflakes began shimmering through the air, sprinkling them with a little of nature’s own powdery perfection.
Max bent his head and kissed her again and she knew she’d never felt anything more magical or wonderful in her entire life.
God, how I love this man.
She loved him so much, and yet, she still hadn’t told him.
One more kiss and she finally found the courage to tear down the rest of her walls and leap.
“I love you, Max Cranston,” she murmured against his lips, their wildly beating hearts beating together as one. “And I don’t care if other people call us crazy. Because crazy is what brought me to you, and for that I will always be grateful.”
“So will I.” He breathed and touched her cheek, slid his finger beneath her chin and tipped her head. “Now, it may not be raining, and this sure as hell isn’t Scotland, but Miss Amy Wilde,” he said as he took a step back and offered her his hand, “would you make me the happiest man on Earth and dance in the snow with me?”
And as she told him she’d never wanted anything more, and promised to reserve all future dances for him and him alone, the two of them wrapped around each other and danced until the stars twinkled overhead and the moon shown bright.
After all, who were they to resist fate…


THE END
####

FIND OUT WHAT COMES
NEXT FOR THIS DARING COUPLE
WITH AN EXCERPT FROM
THE NEXT BOOK IN THE CRANSTON SERIES:

INSPIRE ME: A CRANSTON SERIES NOVELLA

Prologue


Willow spun through the revolving door of Harem House Publishing, the bleak gray sky and frigid winter air swallowing her sorrowful sigh, as she walked to the curb and lifted a hand. She watched the heavy midday traffic zip by in a blur, heard brakes squeal from sudden stops, horns blare impatiently, and stepped back as one of the many wildly driven cabs swung into the empty lane before her.
“Maximum Security on South Wacker Drive,” she relayed to the driver when he asked for her destination, settling in for the short ride with her head against the back of the seat; her eyes closed. Trying, rather unsuccessfully, to stop the residual nerves leftover from her meeting with her publisher from twisting and turning her stomach into knots.
“Mold this lump of crap you’ve just given me into a bestseller by next month’s deadline or, come April, you’ll find yourself without a renewed contract. It’s shit. You know it, as well as I do, so get it done.”
Willow was used to her publisher’s abrasive nature, had dealt with Gerald for the last seven years since her first romance novel, “Wasted Love”––a story about a divorced couple that find their way back to one another––was picked up by the publishing house. Where, much to everyone’s amazement, it sky rocketed to number four on the New York Times Bestseller’s List the second week of its release.
The whole experience had been incredible. Exhilarating. Willow didn’t sleep for days; calling her friends, her family, telling all of them the wonderful news about how her hard work and determination had paid off, earning her a contract for at least four more books over the following two years.
Willow never would have admitted it at the time, but she’d been terrified. Duplicating success like that seemed such a daunting task, but she’d done it. Cranking out one bestseller after another, doing book tours, signings with fans. It was all such a dream come true.
Now, with twelve bestsellers under her belt, Willow’s initial fears had somehow come to fruition. In the last year, her writing had slowed to a crawl––with a lot of typing and even more erasing––until a couple of months ago, when, for whatever reason, the muse that fueled her creativity all these years, up and disappeared completely.
A bolt of panic and fear hit her when she thought of what losing her contract with Harem could mean for her career. Sure, there were other publishing houses out there, other games in town. And surely her fans wouldn’t be so quick to jump ship the way her publisher seemed to be. But without new work to show prospective companies––something fresh and innovative––Willow would become just another former great, with dwindling royalty checks trickling in, until her shining star faded completely, leaving her books to end up in bargain bins the world over.
Then what would she do?
Writing was always the life––the dream–– she’d envisioned for herself, even since before graduating high school. And it was a dream that had carried her through college, and right into a full-blown career a few years later. Her skills outside of her craft were somewhat limited, and in a sea of young, eager faces, Willow and her free spirit would more than likely struggle to find their new place in the world.
Her eyes popped open when the cab jerked to a stop, and Willow instinctively threw her hands out in front of her to avoid taking a header into the partition.
She shook out her mass of curly brown hair––the bane of her existence––and paid the driver. But as she got out, she wondered if she should get back in and head home. Max would understand. He was her best friend, after all, and a former workaholic himself before he met his fiancée, Amy. Then Willow felt a stab of guilt from just thinking about not attending his wedding, and continued on through the doors of the sleek, modern building in front of her; riding the elevator up to the tenth floor.
 “Morning, Willow.” Leslie, Mason’s perky secretary, smiled warmly as she approached. “Mason is almost ready. He just has to go over a few last minute details with Harrison, for the third time. Go figure.”
“Mason, huh?” Willow asked, mockingly astonished, as she made herself at home on the corner of Leslie’s desk, legs swinging. “You mean Mr. By-the-Book let’s you call him by his first name? Not Sir or Master? What, did he finally have the stick removed from his ass and I forgot to send get well soon flowers?”
She grinned playfully, and Leslie laughed, shaking her head as she went back to stuffing letters into envelopes, wisely choosing not to comment on anything to do with her boss’s uptight derrière.
“Actually, I prefer cash to flowers,” Mason said dryly, dropping another pile of papers on Leslie’s desk. “But it wouldn’t have been necessary; the procedure was relatively minor. Your concern is touching, though.”
Where the hell had he come from? Willow was almost positive dark, ominous music was supposed to precede all unexpected entrances by villains?
But unlike red-faced Leslie, who did her best to hide behind the new mountain of work her boss had given her, Willow didn’t bat an eye at the gruff, humorless businessman looming over her.
“I see while they were in there they forgot to fix your broken sense of humor. Maybe next time, huh?” She smiled, while Mason glared down at her as though she were an annoying rock stuck in the tread of his shoe.
“I need to go down to the garage. We’ll leave in ten minutes.”
“Aye yi, Captain.” She saluted, and then stuck her tongue out, as the always stone-faced Mason walked away grumbling. 
What would it take to bring that man to life? Willow wondered then chuckled to herself, the answer clear: Lobotomy!
It was strange. She loved the rest of the Cranston family to pieces, and four of Max’s siblings were some of her closest friends, but Mason, now he was a different story entirely.
While the rest of the Cranston’s were all about laughter and having fun, living life to the fullest, Mason was a brooding, moody, pain in the ass. He and Willow had never really gotten along in all the years Max had lived next door to her. Probably because she was one of the only people who would dare call him out on his bullshit, holier-than-thou attitude. Making the four-hour plane ride the two of them were about to share to Key West feel like some sort of twisted game of Chicken.
Maybe she’d get lucky and Mason would sleep the whole time. God knows the man needed it.
When Willow stopped by to drop off her bags earlier before her meeting, she had very nearly asked if the airline would consider the ones under his eyes carry-on. He looked like hell; like Tom Hanks in Castaway after the first week, only with darker hair and a deeper scowl. Any minute she expected to hear him yelling “Wilsoooooonnnnn!” through the office halls.
But, then Willow figured poking the bear when he was already cranky about his little brother’s upcoming nuptials to a woman he’d known less than two months wouldn’t make her flight experience any better, and managed to keep her mouth shut. Not an easy feat for a woman like her––someone who was used to speaking her mind––but she’d done just that.
And as long as Mason didn’t make any cracks about her or her ‘hippie ways’, as he liked to call her affinity for billowy skirts and bangles and all things funky, between now and take off, they could both enjoy the flight with a blissful cone of silence hanging between them.
One can hope, she thought, crossing her fingers.
With Leslie hard at work, Willow hopped off the desk and found herself wandering into Mason’s office, her thoughts and musings turning inward, as she looked out over the city.
Thinking about her writing and how easy it used to be, naturally made Willow think about the reason it wasn’t now. Which was exactly the kind of thing she didn’t want, or need, to be thinking about before going to such a happy event, like weddings tended to be, and why she’d avoided letting Luke––the weasel––invade her thoughts for so long.
Because although Willow refused to let her breakup with Luke, or his nasty, hurtful words about how she should learn to satisfy a man in reality instead of just with words, affect her emotionally, she never thought all those unresolved issues and feelings would manifest themselves in other parts of her life.
Unfortunately, though, it seemed the day Luke came to pack up what few things of his still remained at her house, he’d also taken with him something that wasn’t his to take––the very source she used to believe in the happily ever after’s and true loves she wrote about.
Yet, as Luke rode away on his Harley without a backward glance for the woman he’d claimed to love for more than two years, it appeared Willow’s muse had been strapped to the back, as well. Riding off into the sunset with her asshat of an ex at the helm.
Willow felt defeated, washed up, and pathetic.
She steeled her shoulders and declared “No more” to the empty, and quite honestly, sad, sterile office.
I mean would it kill the man to add some color? It’s like he’s the Scrooge of all things not the color of death.
Willow reined in her snarky, wayward comments about her temporary travel companion, focusing on herself, on the fresh start this weekend afforded her, and she couldn’t help but smile. Because no matter what Luke said, Willow knew the fault for their sex life becoming as equally sad and sterile as Mason’s office those last few months hadn’t fallen solely on her shoulders, and this weekend she was bound and determined to prove that a vivacious vixen still lived inside her.
Images of being oiled up by a sexy cabana boy on the beach sent a warm and tingly quiver through her body and lit a fire deep in her belly.
She eyed her reflection in the window, nodding decisively.
Willow Delaney, it’s about damn time you got your groove back.




About the author:

Being an author was always a dream of mine, one that seemed far-reaching and unattainable, and then one day I decided to shoot for the stars and I’m glad I did. I have discovered things about myself during this journey and absolutely love what I do. I get to share my stories and pieces of myself with people around the world, and couldn’t be happier. When I’m not writing, you can find me singing, dancing, or yelling at one of my favorite sports teams on TV. That is, when I’m not cooking, chasing after my toddler, or toting my two girls off to one activity or another.

Discover other titles by Morgan Rayne
At Smashwords.com:

Spring Towers Series:
A Different Kind of Fairy Tale
Let Me Love You
Just A Kiss

Cranston Series:
Resisting Amy
Inspire Me (Novella)
It Was Always You
Midnight Memories
Marry Me (Novella)
The Right Kind of Madness
Casualty of Love
Falling Slowly

Connect with me Online:

Twitter: morganrayne12
Facebook: Morgan Rayne


