
Resurrected Promises


Racq Symphony


Published by Racq Symphony
Distributed by Smashwords
Copyright © 2016 Love’s Abyss. All rights reserved.


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite eBook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

No part of this eBook may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without express permission in writing of the author.

Table of Contents


Scene 1
Scene 2
Scene 3
Scene 4
Scene 5
Scene 6
Scene 7
Scene 8
Scene 9
Scene 10
Scene 11
Scene 12
Scene 13
Scene 14
Scene 15
Scene 16
Scene 17
Scene 18
Scene 19
Scene 20
Scene 21
Scene 22
Scene 23
Scene 24
About Racq Symphony
Other books by Racq Symphony
Connect with Racq Symphony

Scene 1


“Aye, Yo. This is Chauncey Hill. I’m away from my phone right now. Leave a message after the tone.”
Damn! I really need to talk to him and he won’t answer my calls. I know he’s in London right now but it’s so important. I’m not leaving no damn message either. It’s been about two months since everyone got back from the Vegas trip. It was everything I thought it could be, with a little cinnamon and sugar sprinkled on top.
Chauncey and I had a special connection when we were there. Our souls connected. After long conversations and several rewarding considerations, we decided that we would pursue a relationship after the trip. Even though we lived in two different states, nothing kept them from one another. Late night phone calls, skype sessions and text messages. Communication was important to us. For the last week, Chauncey has been in London filming a movie along with Julian. I know he’s busy but I need to talk to him. Hear his voice. Smell is cologne through the waves of the phone. But that dreams seems so far away.
Everyone else kinda made their own things, their own “ships” when they left Vegas too. Some ships come and go, but some dock, stay for cleaning and repairs. Much needed preparation to go back out and face the dangerous waters again and again. Shawn and Mariah fell in love head first. Jade and Julian—well, I’m not even sure what to call their “ship”. It resembles German chocolate cake batter; a combination of friendship, relationship, argument ship, a bunch of shit but in the end, it makes for a damn good cake. Elan and Alec decided to take it slow. Believe it or not, Chassidy and Kendrick are still trying to figure this whole thing out.
Damn! I can’t believe this actually happened. My brown-skinned belly now houses a tenant. Nine months of something - someone else taking over my body. What have we done? Chauncey is going to hate me. He’s going to leave me and never want to see me again. How could I let this happen? How could we be so naïve? I remember the night we experienced love’s abyss. It was surreal. It was the night that our lives changed. The one moment in time where I felt safe, desired, secure and wanted.
He laid there. Flesh exposed. One with me. Spiritually, physically and emotionally. In that moment, I became his and he became mine. He asked for me and now—he had me in more ways than one.
As warm tears welled up in my eyes, faint sounds of Donny Hathaway playing in my mind, I felt the core of my love dripping from my memories. Then I noticed that my phone was ringing. I blinked my eyes rapidly to make the tears disappear and grabbed her cellphone. It was my best friend, Tisha. An accomplished shoe designer, prolific author, amazingly talented singer and scholar. Tisha and I have been best friends for decades. We by mutual friends and it’s been history from then. Tisha wasn’t able to make the Vegas trip because she was off in Hawaii with her boyfriend, Brandon.
Brandon is a great guy, double minded sometimes, but still a good person. He’s a Grammy nominated musician and he loves Tisha, so he was okay with me—for now. Let me answer my phone.
“Hello”
“Hey” Tisha responds
“Hey”
“You sound weird. You alright?”
“Nah, something is wrong and I really need to talk to Chauncey.”
“What you mean something is wrong? What did he do? Do I need to come over there?”
“Tish—I told you about our trip and how we connected. We made love. It was like something I never felt before. I don’t even know how to explain it.”
“Yeah, yeah. I know. But what did he do?”
“We didn’t—.we didn’t use a condom.” I explained.
“Okay—and? Aren’t you still on the pill?”
“Yeah—.I am but—”
“But what?”
“Tish—I took a test cause I didn’t get my period. I’m pregnant—and I haven’t told him.”
“Well you should take another test AND go see the doctor.”
“I already took five tests and I just came back from the doctor today. I’m eight weeks.”
“Damn! So what are you gonna do? How do you think he’ll react? Have you tried to call him—wait! That’s Brandon beeping in on the other end. Let me call you right back.”
“Okay.” I hung up the phone and sat in my dimly lit living room in silence while trying to think of ways to tell Chauncey that we are having a baby.
Scene 2


Tisha disconnects her phone call with Sasha and switches over the line to answer Brandon.
“Hello?”
“Hey baby, it’s me, Brandon.”
“Hey. You back home yet?”
“I’m actually about to board the plane now. I can’t wait to see your sexy face. Can you pick me up from the airport?”
“You flying in to Miami? Sure!”
“Aight, well I’ll call you when I land. Love you baby girl.”
“Love you too, B.”
Tisha couldn’t believe Brandon was actually coming home from Hawaii. He has been out there for months now selling out shows. As she stands in her bathroom curling her hair, she reminisces on the times they spent together, the late night phone calls to keep him awake while he drives, the long weekends apart, the arguments and the make-up sessions. They’ve been dating off and on for four years now but for the past year, everything had been consistent in their relationship. Curling wand in one hand, Brazilian wavy hair in the other she stares in the mirror making sure each strand of hair is perfectly curled. Sweet melodies of Jill Scott’s “He loves me” flows from her MAC Instigator lined, Ruby Woo filled lips. The song was definitely true. Brandon loved her. He ignited things in her that only he had the power to.

With one hand on his head and the other one on the remote, Chassidy clicked through the TV channels trying to find something to entertain her and Kendrick while he was laying in her lap. Kendrick and Chassidy have been enjoying each other’s’ company, getting to know each other more and falling deeper for one another. Even though he had been filming a lot lately, Kendrick made it his priority to go to Delaware to see Chassidy every weekend. After their rollercoaster ride of a weekend in Vegas, Chassidy was starting to fall in love with Keith. What’s not to love about him anyways?
Subsequently Chassidy couldn’t find anything interesting on the TV. Kendrick took the remote out of her hand and focused her attention on him. “Hey, are you gonna lay here and keep flipping channels or are you spend some time with me, girl?” Kendrick asks. A smirk displays on his face.
“Oh, I’m sorry babe. I thought you wanted to watch TV with me.”
“I do, but you see ain’t nothing there to watch.” His eyes carefully roam the room and arrive back at her. “How about we watch each other, if you know what I mean.”
“Come on babe. Focus.”
Kendrick sat up on the sofa and looked Chassidy eye to eye. He notices her skin and how she’s glowing, even in the poorly lit room. He licenses his hands to connect the light freckles on her cheeks as he kisses her lips, softly, slowly releasing his lips from hers.
“Chassidy, I wanna tell you something.” He takes her baby soft hands into his and calmly proceeds.
“What is it, babe?” she replies.
“Do you remember the first time we met?
“Yeah, I remember.”
“Do you remember the look of disgust you gave me at that airport?”
“Yeah, I remember.” She replies a third time. The look of melancholy parading across her face.
“Do you remember the night you left me standing at the elevator after we danced the night away?”
Agitated and apologetic, she replies again. “Yeah—Babe, what is this about?”
“And do you remember the night we made love?”
“Of course I do.”
Kendrick moves in closer to Chassidy. “I asked you all of those questions because I wanted you to see how far we’ve come in such a short time and well—”
“Well what? Babe, what is it?”
“Chassidy, even in that short time, I knew from the moment I saw you at that airport that I had to have you. Baby, I love you.”
Chassidy moves back a little from Kendrick, adjusting her body language. Still trying to register what he’d just expressed to her. It’s only been a few months since the trip. Unbeknownst to Kendrick, Chassidy has been feeling the cloak of love drape heavy over her since the night he made her a woman. He was gentle with her and since then his actions have never wavered. “Are you sure this is how you feel?” she responds
“Baby, I’ve never been so sure in my life. I love you, Chassidy. That’s why I’ve been making it my business to be here with you as much as I can. It’s okay if you don’t feel the same for me.” Kendrick replies. His head hung down in anguish.
“No, babe. Hear me out. Ever since we had that night in Vegas, I’ve been in love with you but didn’t know if the timing was right to express it. Even after all the stupidity I put you through, you still wanted me. Any man that chooses to suffer through consistent rejection deserves my love.” She lifted his head, browsed his eyes for acceptance and kissed him. “I love you too.” Chassidy grabbed his hands and steered him back to her room. They haven’t been intimate since Vegas. Kendrick didn’t want to take advantage of her because he adored her and he desired more than just the sweetness from her honey pot. But this night, in Delaware, Chassidy was determined to show him how much she appreciates him.
“May I?” Chassidy asks as she tugged on the rim of his jeans. He permits her to do as she wishes. Taking her pointer finger and tracing the button on his jeans, she kisses his lips. A school girl smile escapes her face. With her other hand, she unbuttons his jeans and slowly unzips them. As their tongues play melodies of sweet music together, Chassidy dropped his pants and makes her way down to her knees; the sweet aroma of his Gucci’s Guilty cologne sweeping across her nostrils as she embraces his love muscle with her hand. He was stout and prepared for whatever she had in store. She took him completely into the warmth of her stormy mouth.
“Chassidy—baby—mmm—girl. That shit feels good.” His moans grow intensely as Chassidy slides him in and out of her mouth. His love muscle pulsates to the tone of her heartbeat and then she immediately pulls back. “Why’d you stop baby?”
“I need you, babe.”
Kendrick promptly removes her shirt and bra and gently grips her breasts. He loves how firm, yet soft they are. He pulls her closer into his space, allowing his throbbing love muscle to lightly touch her thighs. He knew he was ready, he needs her too but he was a little hesitant. “Kendrick, what’s wrong? You seem hesitant right now.” She asked.
“Nothing’s wrong. I just want to make sure this is what you really want—”
“Shhhh—I really need you right now, babe.” Chassidy places a finger on his lips and shoves him onto the bed. She removes the rest of her clothes, snatched a condom from the nightstand and put it on him all by herself. Thinking she’s ready to take a ride without a seatbelt, she mounts Kendrick and immediately screams. “Shit!” The thickness of his love muscle was too much too soon.
His eyes lightens up, “What’s wrong? Did I hurt you?”
“No—no. I’m okay. I’ve never done it this way before.”
“Well, let me help you, okay.” He takes his hands, puts one on each of her hips and becomes her tour guide for the evening. “Ah—.mmm—okay—this—feels—mmm—ah!”
She moans
As he guides her, he watches her expressions and the sweat dripping from her forehead. He enjoys the experience of her. Her smile, the line that goes across her forehead when she frowns. Her perky breast as they bounce vigorously with every thrust he provides. He’s in love with her mind, her body—her soul so he gives her more of himself.
“Fuck, babe!” She screams in ecstasy.
His breathing choppy. Sweat cascading from his brow. He asks her, “Was that too much?”
“No, not at all. Do it again.”
The more she requests, the more he obliges. “Oh, shit!” He yells.
They arrived at the door of the seventh heaven. Her honey dripped all over his manicured pubic area. His low-hanging fruit drenched in her goodness. She rolls over and lies next to him; their bodies saturated. The tension as smooth as peanut butter. Nothing felt more complete than this moment to them. “I love you, Kendrick.” She whispers as she ventures off into a deep sleep. He looked over at her, smiled and utters, “I love you too, ma.”
Scene 3


Brandon’s plane landed in Miami, eight long hours later, as he expected. He departed the airplane and searched through his Nike backpack for his cell phone to call Tisha. He called and called but he didn’t get an answer. “Damn man. I told her I’d call when I landed and now she ain’t answering her phone. I bet she went to sleep on me.” He grabs his luggage from the baggage claim area and heads towards the double doors leading outside. We he arrived at the door, he saw a lady holding a sign that read, “Grammy nominated Brandon Smith.” He walked toward the lady holding the sign and suddenly notices that it’s Tisha. Her voluptuous frame was hid well behind the sign. His eyes lit up in excitement. “Hey baby! I was about to be real upset with you. I thought you went to sleep on me.”
“You should know me by now, Brandon. I’m always one step ahead of you. I checked to see what time your flight arrived so that I could surprise you.” She smiles at him. He drops his bag and pulls her in for a kiss.
“I missed you, girl!”
“I missed you too, B.” She popped the trunk on her BMW X4 and he loads in his luggage. They both get in the car and drive off. “That was a long ass flight, babe. Thought I wasn’t gon’ ever get to you fast enough.” He said with an exhausted chuckle.
“You look tired, B. What do you have lined up for tonight? You may need to rest instead.”
“I got a gig tonight out in South Beach; just me and the fellas.”
“Oh, that sounds cool. Can I tag along this time?”
“Not tonight, Tish. You already know what kind of scene this is and I don’t want you in it.”
She knew how Brandon was when it came to exposing her to his world of music. Even though she wants to support him in every way she can, He’s protective of her and doesn’t see it the way she does. She continues the drive and stops at the hotel. The parking lot is congested. The concierge knocks on the window and asks if she needs parking assistance. She gives a light shake of the head in a no fashion. He nods and moves on to the next car.
Brandon glances at her silhouette. Longing to tickle the strings of the sweet violin that hides between the valleys of her thighs, he leans over and asks her, “You wanna come up and chill with me for a little bit?”
“You sure? I mean, I don’t want to impose on your time. You may not want me in your space.” She said in a backhanded tone. He looked at her with an ungenerous eye, strolls out of the car and grabs his luggage from the trunk. His longing for her turned as cold as the North Pole. “I’m good. I’ll holla at you later when your attitude has changed.” He slams the door and walks into his hotel.
She couldn’t believe what just happened. How in the hell could he be so inconsiderate? I mean, she did take time out of her busy schedule to go to the airport and pick up him. He could have rode with “his boys” to the hotel. She had so many expectations for the night: slow dancing, mellow sounds of Frank Sinatra playing in the background while they savored each other’s’ presence. Engulfed in anger and disappointment, she drove off; nostrils flaring and steam coming from her temples. She was furious. Nevertheless, she still loved him and eventually things would blow over.
As she pulled up in her garage and looks down to put her car in park, she notices her notification light is flashing on her cell phone. She puts the car in park, turns it off and reads the message. It’s Brandon. “Baby, I’m sorry about how I acted. I’m dog-tired and I didn’t mean to lash out at u. Let’s do something 2morrow night. Just u and me—aight? Love u.” She smiles at the text, replies, “Sure. Love u too,” got out of the car and walked inside. She knew he’d apologize sooner or later. Things were starting to look a little better.
Scene 4


It’s been a week since she found out about the pregnancy and she still hasn’t spoken with Chauncey. She fell asleep on the couch after trying to call him but with little to no avail, he wouldn’t answer. His voicemail is full, so even if she wanted to leave a message, she couldn’t. Something must be wrong. He’s never gone this long without answering her calls. She could call Julian, but he wouldn’t know what’s going on. He left London two weeks ago.
The more he doesn’t answer the more anxious and disheartened she gets. There is a growing baby inside of her and well, Chauncey doesn’t even know that he’s going to be a father yet. She wakes up in the middle of the night to get something to drink from the kitchen and noticed that she has a missed call on her phone. Looking at her cellphone screen glaring brightly back at her in the dark, she sat up because she couldn’t believe her eyes. The missed call was Chauncey. “I can’t believe I slept through that loud ass ringtone. This baby is doing a number on my slumber; Looks like he left a voicemail. He better have a good ass excuse for going missing on me like that.” She dials the voicemail and listens to his message.
“Hey baby, it’s me. I’m sorry I haven’t been able to get back with you these past few weeks. Shit has been crazy out here. My schedule is all up in arms, DAILY. I don’t know if I’m coming or going sometimes. I been missing you like crazy and I wanna see you. I’m not talking bout no Skype, neither. I need you in my space. Oh and I been eating like crazy too. I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” He says with a chuckle. “Listen, imma send you a plane ticket to come see me. I’ll be back in New York tomorrow. Check your email— can’t wait to see you. Bye.”
She ends the call and flashes a smile. She quickly realizes that he may not be as happy to see her as he thinks and her smile turns into anxiety yet again. She took a sip of her water and checks her email as requested. Her plane ticket there resides there. “Who in the hell books a late evening flight to New York? I won’t get to him until eight that night.” She shrugs her shoulders, walks down the hall and goes back to bed. The train of her robe floating in the wind behind her.

“Move, Julian!”, as she tries to go out of the door of Julian’s condo.
“No! Jade, I’m not moving until you tell me what’s wrong with you I mean, you was just happy and all of a sudden you snapped. Talk to me.”
“You already know what the deal is, Julian. Now get the fuck outta my way.”
“What the hell are you talking about? Baby girl, please talk to me.”
“I saw everything, Julian. The pictures. The videos. All that shit. It’s all over IG.”
“Saw what, Jade?”
“I thought you said you were in London filming a damn movie.”
“I was and you know this. I even sent you pictures; Face timed you several times while I was there.”
Jade, pushes Julian’s arms out of her way and grabs the handle of the door. “You lying muthafucka. I saw her and the baby, Julian. She was there with you and you ain’t have the decency to tell me.”
“Oh, shit!” Julian was baffled. He had a lightbulb experience. He knew precisely what Jade was referring to. Raven and their daughter, Juliette, came out to London so Julian could spend time with her. He didn’t know that the paparazzi was snapping shots and recording their outing. “Wait, Jade—Baby girl listen. Let me explain this shit.”
“Explain away, Julian.” Jade stood at the door, arms folded, with a disgruntled look on her face.
His damp hands rub together nervously and he responds. “I asked Raven to let me see my daughter. She said she wouldn’t unless she came with her. You know how she is, so I had to let her come. I wanted to see my baby. So we went to out into the town—visited a few museums. Stuff like that.”
“—Museums and shit—.damn right. I saw the video—I saw your daughter dancing in the background. Juliette is a beautiful little girl. But I also saw that ungrateful ass hoe of a baby momma all up next to you too.”
His eyes widen. “I was gone tell you about it, but I know how you get. It wasn’t all that it looked to be Jade. Baby girl, you go zero to a hundred real quick on me and I ain’t want that. I’m sorry. Baby, please. I’ll never hold nothing from you again. I promise.”
Jade looked at Julian’s face, covered in partial tears and fear. She knew how much he loved his daughter but she also knew Raven and how deceitful she can be. Ever since Julian made it known that he and Jade were together, she’d been trying sabotage their relationship. They argue and fight, mostly because of her. “You better keep that bitch away from you, Julian. I’m telling you. It’s for her own good.”
“Man, fuck her. It ain’t even about her right now. This is about you and me. Us. What we building together. Come here.” Julian pulls Jade in closer to him. He takes her purse from her hands, throws it on the sofa. He leans in to kiss her but she pulls back in frustration. “I’m serious, Julian.”
“I’m serious too, Jade. I got you, baby girl. I’ll never do anything to harm or disrespect you in any way. Believe that. Believe me. Now kiss me.”
“Nah— I don’t wanna kiss you right now.”
Julian pulls her closer, engulfing himself in the aroma of her Chanel perfume. He flashes his big, bright smile at her. Curving his heart-shaped lips in her direction.
“Damn! You know I can’t resist that beautiful ass smile.” She surrenders with the white flag of her heart. Jade leans in and allows her lips to accompany his.
Julian browses Jade’s eyes after their kiss, searching for affirmation and smiles again. “Yeahhhh. I told you, girl. I ain’t never met nobody like you before. You special. You mine. Believe that, aight?”
“Yeah, whateva nigga.”
Julian kisses Jade again, embracing her petite frame. He licenses his hands to wonder; making their way down her long caramel-toned legs and under her short leather-pleated skirt. “Oh! You think you bout to get some of Jade? Shhhh, you tried it.” She responds facetiously. Jade pushes Julian out of the way, strides back into the living room and sat on the sofa. She grabbed her drink from the end table and took a sip.
Julian walks around in front of Jade and rests on his knees while she assembles herself on the sofa. “Come on, baby girl. I’m begging now. Let me make it up to you.” He slips his big hands under her skirt, confiscating her black-laced thong and expanding her legs to reveal her good treasure, drenched from their heated argument. She wanted him, but he knew how she was. She was gonna make him work for it. He moved in closer, taking in the sweet aroma of her treasure. “Damn, baby girl. You smell like strawberries.” He tasted her. She held equity in his tongue. He teased her clit. She moaned; flicking his tongue back and forth fervently as she squirmed on the sofa, her eyes rolling back and her mind traveling into ecstasy. He was ready for her as his manhood grew stronger and longer in his Kinglish jeans. He quickly grabbed a condom from his pocket, unbuttoned his jeans, slipping the condom on. He rose from the floor, raised her legs and slid inside of her warm, once buried treasure.
“Mmm, Julian.” She moaned. He disappeared in the hemisphere of her love.
“Damn, baby girl. It feels so good to be inside you. I don’t ever want to lose you. You heard me?” He utters as he bangs on the walls of her treasure box— each stroke constantly demanding restitution.
“Yes, Julian. I hear—ahh—mmm. I hear you.”
Julian looked down at her treasure and loved the golden view staring back at him; her juices flowing and spreading all over him. “Damn, I wish I could feel all of you, girl.”
“We ain’t ready for that Julian.”
“I know, Jade.” He spreads her legs wider and digs deeper; seeking to uncover the treasure within. She screams louder. Her moans turn into whimpers of pain and pleasure.
“Julian—oh shit! It feels so good—yeah, right there—mmm.” The thought of his comment lingers in the back of her cerebral cortex like a bad cold. Like a pirate burrowing into his newly found treasure, he savors the moment burying his goods inside her treasure box. Sweat pouring from his head, he steps back and watches her treasure gush out like a well in the depths of the earth. He smiles. “I did that.”
Scene 5


“Put ya hands down, girl! I want you to see everything. Experience it all right in front of you.”
“Alec, no. I don’t wanna look.”
“Come on Elan. You gotta look at least once. Live girl!” He says as he grabs her hands down from her eyes.
“I’m gone live, alright. As soon as we get off this, ahhhhh!!!!” She screams as the rollercoaster takes off.
After the Vegas trip, they both decided they wanted to get to know each other more. Their rendezvous was nothing short of a rollercoaster ride itself, so Alec decided to catch a flight and take her out to the Indiana State Fair. “Why’d you do that, Alec? You know I hate those things,” She asks as she adjusted her rope twists and gathered herself together.
He threw one of his arms around her neck and answered, “Yeah, but you love me so, what?”
“Who told you I loved you? I ain’t said that shit,” she said sarcastically
“Remember that night we played strip twister? I knew you loved me then,” he said with a self-assuring smile.
Elan gave him a piercing side-eye and slightly gripped the big teddy bear that he won for her tighter. She knew what Alec was saying was true, but she didn’t want to admit it. Thoughts of past relationships, broken trust and pain resonated in her mind and she was determined to never give that much power to a man again. Alec would be the one to break down her walls of self-inflicted pain and unlock that place where love once resided.
“Here, hold this real quick.” Alec hands Elan his phone. He bends down to tie his shoelace and his phone rings. “Answer that for me, baby.” He asks.
Elan stood there with his cell phone ringing in her hand, immovable—like a deer in headlights. Frozen. Elan said to herself, “This man must really trust me.”
“Babe—the phone. Answer it please.” He requests again.
“Oh shit—I’m sorry.” She looked at the phone. It was his brother. She answers. “Hello. This is Alec’s phone. How may I help you?”
“You must be the beautiful Elan he’s always blabbing about. This is his brother, Elijah. How you doing?”
“Um—” She clears her throat. “Hi. I’m great. Alec is right here, if you wanna talk to him.” She abruptly hands the phone to Alec and drifts off into an episode of deep thinking starring herself while he chopped it up with his brother.
“Man, what did you say to my woman? She look disturbed right now.” He asks Elijah.
“Bro, all I said was how you doing.” They explode in laughter and continue their conversation. Meanwhile, Elan found a seat on one of the amusement park benches. As she sat in silence, waiting for him to conclude his conversation, she pondered on the conversation they were having before his brother called. Should she tell Alec how she really feels and show her vulnerability or should she remain solid in her stance with him? One direction would surely yield positive results. The other, not so much. What if he does something wrong down the line? How does she take her love back if he disappoints her? The amount of layers needing to be pulled back to get to her heart would surely require the patience of the Master himself. Did he have enough, possess enough patience for her? All these thoughts bombarded her mind simultaneously.
Alec hung up with his brother, Eli, and walks over to the bench where Elan is sitting. He taps her on the shoulder fervently until her mind visits earth again. He asks, “Babe, you ready?”
“Huh? Yeah, I’m ready.”
“You alright? You seem like you were on another planet just now.”
“Yeah baby. I’m good.”
Alec grabs her hand, gives her a kiss and they walk out of the fair. They get to the car and he opens the door for her. She gets in. He goes around to the drivers’ side and gets in. Inhale. Exhale. He admires everything about her. Her subtle cupid’s bow. His eyes move toward her eyes. He noticed that she’s not completely all there. Her mind was lost in a world he hadn’t been invited to. Alec is a very smart man. He knew when a woman shielded herself and Elan was doing just that.
“Elan.”
“Yes, Alec.”
“Baby, I know I may have put you in a difficult position back there but I can’t help how I feel—.and I know you feel the same way but for some reason, you won’t let me in. Open up for me baby, please.”
She lets out a heavy sigh and replies, “But Alec, you don’t understand how hard that is for me to do.”
“It doesn’t matter. I wanna be wherever you are but right now, your body is here but your mind is on the other side of town. Whatever it is, just open up and tell me.” She peers out of the passenger window feeling anxious and hollow. Alec starts the engine, switches the car into drive and heads back to Elan’s home. It’s going to be a long night but he’s prepared for whatever happens.
Scene 6


“I MEAN!” Shawn yelled
“That lil two pointer don’t mean nothing, Shawn— The Warriors still gone get their asses handed to them. Don’t sleep on my Bucs.” Mariah assured him.
“You ain’t see my boy Curry, tho. That’s the GOAT right there. Weak ass Bucs.”
“Fuck yo Warriors. That’s why Jabari gon’ get that ass handed to him. Curry ain’t that damn good. Big head ass.”
“Uh—! You see that shit? That’s what I’m talking bout—baby.” The Warriors were up by 15 points and Shawn felt like he’d just won the lottery. He was already infatuated with Mariah since they met in Vegas. But what deepened his interest in her was her love for basketball. They’d been Skyping their basketball game “dates” since Shawn was back home in LA doing some footwork with his dad. Press conferences after interviews after radio appearances, he was pretty busy. As he sat on the sofa stroking his beard with his left hand, he leans into his computer and grins at Mariah.
“What the hell are you smiling at Shawn? The game ain’t over yet.”
“I’m smiling at you, girl—with yo beautiful self. I was thinking—”
She leans into the computer and replies, “You always thinking of some shit, Shawn.”
“Let me finish first, girl. Damn!” He sarcastically responds. “I was thinking— would it be cool with you if I brought you out here to spend some time with me?”
“I don’t know Shawn. I mean, I got a few meetings with potential clients lined up and —.hold on real quick babe.” Mariah leaned over and grabbed her phone to check her email and low and behold, there was one from a recent client of hers wanting to reschedule a home staging. “When did you want me to come there?”
“This week— if you can. I just wanna see you girl. You know, hold you and kiss on you.”
“Well, it looks like I just got rescheduled so, sure. I can come there. It would be nice to spend some actual time with you on the other side of this computer screen for a change.”
“Cool. I’ll book the flight and send the booking info to your email. Oh, one more thing.” Shawn gets up, backs away from the screen so Mariah couldn’t see his face visibly and yells, “I want to take you to meet my parents when you get here.”
“What?” Mariah screams. The Skype session abruptly disconnects. Shawn did it on purpose out of fear of rejection. He didn’t want to see her facial expression when he asked her to meet his parents. He doesn’t bring a lot of women home to meet his parents, so this had to be a special occasion. This was a big deal for him. Shit just got real. Suddenly, Mariah receives a text from Shawn.
“Sorry babe. Didn’t mean to startle you. I really would like for you to meet the parentals. Please baby girl. Say you’ll still come out here.”
She sat in silence for a few minutes to collect her thoughts. “Am I ready for this? Me? Meeting his parents? What have I gotten myself into?” She took a deep breath and replied to him. “I’d luv 2 meet them. I’m not gone lie Shawn, I’m scared as hell but anything 4 u.”
He scanned over her response and smiled. It was exactly what he wanted. He knew she was the right one for him when she clapped back at him at the bar in Vegas. “Man crush Monday or some shit” still ringing in his memory. He laughed and said to himself, “Can’t believe I’m in love with this girl.” For once, he had found someone who wasn’t all about his money, what he could do for them and wasn’t running after his spotlight. Mariah had her own everything. She didn’t need him, but she wanted him and that’s all he desired.
Mariah decided to call Sasha to tell her about Shawn and his proposition. Sasha answers the phone half sleep. “Hello.”
“Hey sis.”
“Hey” she replied, her voice sounding like Barry White on his best day.
“Did, I wake you? It’s like nine at night there. You sleep already?”
“Yeah, I been sleeping a lot lately. I’ve just been so exhausted. This baby has me so drained.”
“Baby—BABY? What damn baby?”
Sasha realized she hadn’t talked to anyone about the pregnancy except Tisha. “I’m sorry, sis.” She replied. Sasha sat up in the bed and began filling her in on what’s been going on.
“So yeah, I’m nine weeks now. I found out last week and still haven’t talked to Chauncey yet. It seems like I can never get him on the phone, Skype, email—.nothing—like he evaporated into thin air. So I got worried. Emotions got the best of me for a few days. Then I get this voicemail from him saying he missed me, filming has been kinda crazy for him. He wants to fly me out to New York to see him when he gets back to the states. I’m excited and nervous and scared. All types of shit.”
“Damn, girl. I didn’t know yall ain’t use protection. The fuck! So that means that I’m gonna be an aunt. Hell yeah! Aww! Congratulations— and good luck on telling him.” Mariah replies enthusiastically.
Sasha explains, “Shit seemed to happen so fast, I didn’t even think about it. One minute we were slow dancing with some good ol’ Donny playing in the background. The next minute my mind and our clothes were gone.” She laughs, “I swear I ain’t ever felt like that with nobody. You know I don’t even get down like that until I’ve at least known the guy for six months or more. It was truly something different.”
“Here I was calling you to tell you about Shawn wanting me to meet his parents and I get hit in the face with some left lane shit. I’m so excited for you guys. Have you told anybody else?”
“Just you and Tisha. That’s it but hold the hell up!” Sasha sits up in the bed. “He wants you to meet his parents? Gotdamn girl! You ready for that?”
“I don’t know, Sasha. I’m so nervous. I don’t know what to expect or how they will perceive me.”
“Nervous? Chile please. You got this! Stop worrying. Make sure you take your portfolio with you too. Never know if and when you might need it.”
“You right, you right. Well, let me let you go—get your baby sleep on,” She says laughing
“What the hell ever, Mariah. Talk to yo nervous ass later.”
Mariah hung up the phone with Sasha, took a sip of her wine and finished watching the basketball game without Shawn. “Punk ass Warriors.”
Scene 7


Sasha arrived to the airport right on schedule to board her flight to New York. The weather hadn’t been favorable in Florida, so she hoped it would let up once she got to her destination. With her carryon bag in one hand and her cell phone in the, she texted Chauncey to let him know she was on her way to him.
“Hey love. Made it 2 the airport. About to board in a min. Missing u deeply. Can’t wait 2 see u. Hugs and kisses.”
She took a deep sigh. What is she really about to walk into? Chauncey had no clue what awaited her arrival to him but one thing was sure, he was definitely going to need to be sitting down for this one. Sasha stood in the line to board her flight. The attendant standing at the entrance asks her, “Hi. May I see your ticket? Thank you for flying Delta. Enjoy your flight.” Sasha received her ticket back from the attendant and boarded her flight. She strolled down the walkway of the airplane, placed her carryon bag above her in the compartment and took her seat. “Please fasten all seatbelts. We are now gearing up for take-off. Please pay attention to the video in front of you for further information,” another attendant announces.
As the plane took off and made its home in the beautiful skies, she scrolled through reminiscences of her and Chauncey in her cellphone. Sweet remnants of their skype sessions, their time out in Vegas and endless text messages. Her eyes slowly closed, memories became faint as the plane took off and the growing baby inside her body rocked her to sleep. The plane arrived on schedule. 8:15pm. Dark, rainy skies and lots of bright lights covered the city. It was breathtaking! Sasha had never been to New York, but it was everything she envisioned it would be like. She walked off the plane, carryon in one hand, cell phone planted in the other. She walked over and grabbed her luggage from the baggage claim area. Glancing at her cellphone, she noticed that there was a text waiting from Chauncey.
“Hey baby. I’ll be waiting for u outside the airport when u land. Silver Jaguar.”
“Good.” She said to herself. She headed towards the door. As soon as she arrived outside, she spots him and delivers a comforted smile. He was standing under a black umbrella located next to a shiny, silver Jaguar; headlights beaming. She took in another deep breath and headed toward his way. “Hey baby.” He said to her. She drops her bags and finds her way into his arms, finally. He kissed her passionately; as their lips lingered, they got lost in each other’s aura. “I missed you, girl.”
He ran his hands down her back and gripped her ass softly. “I see something’s been growing back there, huh?” He said with a chuckle.
“What you tryna say, Chauncey? I’m getting fat or something,” She replied sarcastically.
“No, love. Not at all. I love it. I’ve always been fascinated with your body, you know that,” He stated, picking up her suitcase to putting in the car.
“I know that, love. I’m just messing with you.” She slaps him on his ass. “Yours growing too?” She laughs.
“Oh, you got jokes, huh?” He said smiling. He finished loading her luggage in the car and opened the door for her to get in the car. She got in, he got in and they drove off. As the raindrops covered his car while they rode, Sasha glanced out the window; taking in all of the beauty that the city had to offer but subtly remembering her untold secret. Chauncey glances over at her as he drives, marveling at her beauty and then focuses back on the road. He placed his right hand on her left hand and she looked over at him. Her “back of the mind” worry quickly turned to a smile. Soon after, they pulled over in front of a gorgeous bronze-railed brownstone. “We here baby. Wait. Let me come around and get you. This rain is horrible.” Chauncey gets out of the car and walks around to get Sasha out. He guides her up the stairs and unlocks the door for her.
“You can go in, babe. Make yourself comfortable. Mi casa es tu casa. I’ll go get your bags from the car.”
“You speak Spanish now?” She chuckled, “Which way is the restroom?”
“Down the hall. First right, mi amore,” he replied
“Thanks love.” She walked in the home and strolled down the hall. Slowly mesmerized at the pictures on the wall, the décor. Several black and white photos line the hallway, allowing the wine wall color to burst forward. For some reason, she felt safe and comfortable there. She found the restroom, walked in and closed the door behind her. “All right, girl. Get it together. You got this. No you don’t. Yes, you do.” She told herself while staring in the mirror. Nervous is an understatement. She was terrified on the inside, not sure how he’s going to take the news of them having a child. She used the restroom, washed her hands, glanced in the mirror one last time and walked back into the living room area. “Its show time,” she whispered to herself.
“So how was your flight, baby?” Chauncey asked, as he stood in the kitchen looking for food to eat.
“It was good. I slept through the whole flight really.”
“You did? Must have been tired. Sit down. Rest your feet.” He turned around and noticed that she was already laying on the sofa. “You still tired? Damn baby. You act like you pregnant or something? I’m hungry as hell.” He continued talking to himself and didn’t even notice that she didn’t respond to him. “You want something to eat?”
“Sure, love. What you got?” She got up from the sofa and joined him in the kitchen. Looking in the refrigerator while he scouts the cabinets for something quick and easy, she found some old takeout food and looked inside the container. The rotten smell was so overwhelming that she ran to the trash can and threw up. He quickly took notice and asked, “Sasha, baby—you okay?” he ran over to her and grabbed her around her waist to help her up. She wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and went back to the bathroom to clean herself up and freshen her breath. “Damn!” She said to herself. She realized that her senses were out of whack and now she has to go back out there and explain what the hell just happen.
She walked out of the restroom again and there he sat on the sofa. With both hands on his head, he worriedly looked up at her. “Are you okay, love?”
“Yes—and well—no.”
“What’s wrong? You sleeping a lot, now you throwing up? What’s going on?”
“Well, you wanna know why you’ve been so damn hungry all the time?”
“Not really. I mean, it’s cause I been out in London eating damn bird food for months. I know that.”
“Not really, love.” She sat down on the sofa next to him and looked in his eyes. Her eyes welled up with tears and she exploded with emotion. “Chauncey, something is wrong.”
“What is it? Whatever it is, Sasha, baby just tell me.”
“Chauncey, I’m nine weeks pregnant. I just found out last week. I tried calling—you never answered—” she dropped her head, tears flowing heavy from her eyes, emulating the rain outside. “I’m sorry.”
If looks could kill, she’d still be alive. He covered his face with a gleaming smile and laughed. “I knew it! I knew it. Something told me, but I ain’t believe it. —yeah— hell yeah.” Sasha looked up at him, confused as hell, wiping the tears from her eyes. He wasn’t mad. He wasn’t angry. This fool was happy. Too damn happy. But why? He placed his hands on her growing belly and kissed her. “I love you Sasha.”
“What?” she replied, eyes wide open still confused. Is this a dream? So she thought but it was very much reality. They were having a baby—together.
“I said, I love you, girl.” He runs around the living room area like a batter who just hit a homerun. “My baby is having our baby. Moms is going to be so happy.” He grabbed his cellphone to call his mother and give her the news.
“Wait—Chauncey.” She got up from the sofa, stood in front of him and placed her hand over the face of his cellphone. “Let me get this straight— you’re happy? You’re not mad or sad or—angry as hell?” She asked.
“Why would I be? I told you—I wanted you—you said I could have you, so you stuck with me now.” He said with a chuckle. “Kiss me, girl.” He bent down and kissed her.
With a smile on her face, a whirlwind of emotions going through her mind and an empty stomach, she replied “I love you too, big daddy. Now can we get some food? “We” are hungry.”
“Big daddy, huh? I like the way you said that shit. I’m bout to be a dad. This shit is great. I gotta to tell my boys too. I’ll order something for us to eat and have it delivered.” He ordered the food and then called his mother to tell her the news. “Food should be here in 20 minutes. Oh and mom said she’s gonna be in town tomorrow. She wants to meet you.”
“Oh shit——” ran through her mind quicker than a USA team member at a track meet. Now she has to meet his mother. There is no way for her to get out of it. She’s carrying his legacy in her womb.
Scene 8


After, their nonessential argument, Tisha and Brandon agreed on going out the next day; just the two of them since he was still in town. She knew this would be her chance to get him alone and test out his mind. As all women do, she wanted to know where they were in the relationship and what his plans were. After all, they’d been on and off again dating for a while now. She desired stability and consistency and with the both of them living in two different cities, her desire wasn’t farfetched.
They went out to eat and then to the beach to chill and enjoy each other. Bright stars line the sky as if they were forming some sort of path to righteousness. Sand underneath their feet and a cool breeze clothing their bodies, they were inundated with the scenery. “It’s so pretty and peaceful out here.” Tisha said
“I agree, babe.” He took her hand into his and gripped it soft but tightly. “What’s on your mind?”
“Nothing—why you asking?”
“Come on Tish. I know something is cooking in there. What you thinking bout?”
“You know we’ve been talking about moving—me coming to West Palm and you coming to Miami but we ain’t solidified anything yet.”
“I’m still trying to get some things in order first, Tish. Come on. Don’t ruin a good night, aight?”
“Well, you asked, so—” She responded. He always two-stepped around the subject when it came to moving closer in order to solidify their relationship. It almost seemed like he was doing things on purpose, as if he wanted to keep her panting, waiting and ultimately staying with him with no actual commitment. Almost like getting free milk without buying the cow. Something was holding him back to West Palm but she couldn’t put her finger on what it was.
“You ready to go? He asked her as he stood up and brushed the sand from his left pant leg.
She reluctantly answered, “Sure, Brandon. We can go now.”
She was faintly upset with him but she was still glad to be able to spend time with him away from the lights, cameras and musician friends. It was just the two of them. No distractions. No interruptions. They left the beach and went back to Brandon’s hotel room. He parked the car and got out, completely forgetting to open her door. Tisha just sat in the car, waiting for him to realize what he didn’t do. He turned around, realizing he was walking alone and went back to the car.
“Why are you sitting in the car?”
“Probably because you didn’t let me out. Did you forget or something?”
“Nah, I didn’t. I just thought—.never mind, Tisha.” He opened her door and she got out of the car. “This ain’t gonna be a good night.” He said to himself. He’d been opening and closing doors for her during their entire relationship, but lately he kinda slacked up and she took mental notice. They walked inside the hotel, got on the elevator and went to the 5th floor. The whole ride up, he was quiet. Contemplating on what to say next, he didn’t say anything at all. The elevator doors swung open and they walked to his hotel room, opened the door and went inside.
“You can take your shoes off—you know—get comfortable or whatever,” Brandon said has he tossed his keys on the white duvet covered king size bed.
Standing with her purse clenched between her fists, Tisha replied, “Nah, I think I’m good.”
He turned around, nose flaring but up and responded, “Oh, so now you don’t wanna get comfortable? What’s that about?”
“Nothing. I’m good standing just like this.”
“Aight. Whatever.” Brandon figured since they spent time together that he would at least get some intimate time with her but what he didn’t realize was that she picked up on all of his mishaps. The conversation throw offs and habit changes. Tisha knew that he was spending his time somewhere else but couldn’t identify who or what it was. So while she did her investigative work, she kept vagina to herself.
“It’s getting late, so I’m gonna go ahead and leave. I don’t want to drive across that bridge by myself.” Tisha stated
“So you’re leaving? That’s it?”
“Yeah.” She turned around and walked toward the door. He paced behind her in hopes that she would change her mind and spend the night with him. She opened the door, turned around and he gave her a kiss.
“Good night, Brandon.” She said
“Aight Tisha.” The door closed and she exited the hotel; got in her car and drove back to her home.
Scene 9


“You know who it is. Drop it at the beep.”
“Hey, Jade, it’s Julian. Baby listen, I know we been at each other’s throat lately, but I wanna make it up to you. I’m not talking bout no sex either cause that shit played, you feel me? I’m a man, baby and I ain’t letting nobody destroy what we got going on, ya know? Call me back when you get this aight?”
Julian had been trying to get Jade on the phone all day. Ever since that argument they had about the London incident, she became a little distant with him. Even though they made amends after the argument, Jade was growing weary and wanted Julian to put his foot down with Raven. It wasn’t really much she could do. He had a beautiful daughter by this crazy ass woman, but if he knew what was good for him, he would do what needed to be done.
He only wanted one woman and that was Jade. She came in his life like a moth to a flame. She was like the missing piece to his life puzzle and he was determined to do everything in his power to make her feel it, know it. Everyone in his family knew that Raven was nothing more than a money, fame hungry hoe and even though they hadn’t met Jade in person yet, they all felt she was the better choice. Jade was driven, not by his fame or fortune, but by her own determination and dedication to her craft and her life.
Yeah, nothing about their relationship was perfect, but in Julian’s eyes Jade was perfection wrapped in a sage scented cigarillo. He got high off of her love. As he sat on the bar stool in his kitchen, his eyes closed slightly trying to catch a glimpse of her smile. He fancied the way she walked, the way she cursed at him and the way she could make him weak at the knees. He knew what love was like. He’d experience it before, but now he was so deep in it that he would do whatever it took to keep it.
He was jolted out of his fantasy by a jazzy melody coming from his cell phone. It was a text from Jade.
“Hey. Sorry I’ve been so distant. I just wanted 2 give u some space to handle ur biz.”
He responds back, “I understand that but baby, I need u. Please. Can you give me a moment of ur time? Please?”
“Sure, Julian. Does 10 tonight work for you?”
“10—tonight. That’s perfect. My place. See u then.”
Julian put his phone down and broke out a smile that could light heaven. “Hell yeah.” Julian took the time out to put the house in order. Nice lighting, soft jazz music playing in the background and no treats for tonight. He wanted to approach the night clear headed; no weed, no alcohol. Just Julian and Jade. “Let me make this phone call real quick.” He thought to himself. He made a call to Raven. Raven pauses the TV to answer Julian’s call. With her attitude vapors pouring through phone, she asks “What you want, Julian?”
“Hey Raven, listen. I know you know about me and Jade and I just wanted to make it clear that ain’t nothing between me and you but our daughter. I don’t appreciate how you make it ya business to put her in the middle of everything and from now own, don’t call me about nothing if it ain’t got nothing to do with my baby girl.”
“What the fuck ever, Julian. I don’t want yo ass anyways. I got what I needed. Fuck you and fuck that bitch you got over there.”
“Hey! The person you calling a bitch got a name. It’s Jade and she ain’t no bitch. She a real one—aint’ out to get over on a nigga like you did. Man, I ain’t call to get in no argument with you or nothing. I just wanted to make myself clear.”
“Clear as muthafuckin’ Louisiana mud. Bye Julian.” Raven violently hangs up on Julian and goes back to watching her show on TV.
“Dumb ass girl.” He said as he put the phone down just in time for a phone call from Chauncey to come through. Julian answers with ghetto enthusiasm.
“Yo! Chauncey. What’s up bro?”
Chauncey responds in the same fashion. “Julian! Dude! How’s it going? Just got back from London the other night. It was crazy out there after you left.”
“Word? I kinda figured it would be cause you had them crazy ass scenes to film. They had yo ass running from monkeys and leaping over walls and shit,” Julian responds as they both erupt in laughter.
“Yeah man, I know. Had me feeling like my heart was about to fall out of my chest. But check this out, right.” Chauncey sits up on his sofa, his right hand resting on his temple, “I get back to New York, fly Sasha out here with me cause—you know how I was out there man. Missing her like crazy and shit.”
“Yeah, you was kinda wimpy like a muthafucka.”
“Fuck you man! He chuckles. “But nah, listen. So I get back, fly her out. I’m eating like crazy out in London and shit cause they was feeding us that weird ass food but it taste good as hell. We get to the house, looking for food to eat in the fridge, she starts throwing up. I’m like, damn!”
“What the hell you had in the fridge, man? Old ass food. Told yo ass to throw all that shit out before we went to shoot the movie.”
“Let me finish my damn story, nigga. So she go clean herself up, come back out in the living room crying and shit. I’m scared as hell. Then she hit me with it.”
“With what, homie?”
“She’s nine weeks pregnant?”
“What the fuck, Chauncey! Nine weeks—wait a minute.” Julian pauses and starts calculating dates and time frames. His mouth drops. “Nigga, that shit happen while we was in Vegas?”
“Yeah, man I know.” Chauncey responds
“Damn! Congrats homie. What you gone do though?”
“What you mean, what imma do? Nigga this my baby we talkin’ bout. I love that girl. Sasha’s everything I need in my life. Shit, truth is, she everything I didn’t know I needed. Imma do whatever I gotta do. Moms wanna meet her too.”
“That’s what’s up, Chauncey. Imma be an uncle. That’s some cool ass shit, dude.”
“Yeah, man.” He exhales, “So enough about me. What you up to?”
“Man, I been tryna keep Raven and Jade out each other’s ass. I just hung up with Raven triflin’ ass. Jade is all I think about man. She got me weak, bro and I don’t wanna lose her over no bullshit with Raven. So I had to straighten her ass.”
“Do what you gotta do, Julian. You love her that much, make it right then.”
“You right, Chauncey. Imma holla at you later, bro. Jade on her way over here and I need to finish getting my setup together.”
Aight man, I’m out.”
Their phone call ends and Julian took in a deep breath. Jade should be arriving soon and he needed to make sure his mind was clear, his approach was strong and his heart was open for whatever she had drop his way. He checked his watch, straightened his shirt and licked his lips. A knock echoes from the door. Julian walks over, opens the door and there stands Jade: long rope twists pouring down from the black brim fedora hat on her head. Her big, brown eyes burning a hole through his heart.
“Hey baby. Thanks for coming.” He grabbed her hand and pulled her in to him. He could tell she was cold, not only because of the weather outside, but on the inside too. He wasn’t timid though. He was ready to do whatever. He took her coat and hat and hung them up.
“I thought it was best for me to come level headed, so I ain’t had nothing to drink or smoke—yet.”
“Damn, me neither.” He responds.
“So, what you want wanna see me for?”
Julian and Jade sat down at his bar in the kitchen. He took a good look at her; from her forehead frown lines, to her nose ring. He almost got lost in the way her lips curved when she talked until he realized he hadn’t responded to her question.
“Jade, I asked you to come over cause I wanted to talk to you about a few things.”
“Okay. I’m listening.” She folds her arms.
“I know things happened with us real fast and everything—and some people might think I’m crazy but I don’t care. I know you might feel like I’m stringing you along but baby, I’m not. I called Raven and told her to stay out our shit. You the only woman I wanna be with, Jade. I don’t want nobody else. You hear what I’m saying to you?”
“I hear you, Julian. But imma be real with you. You fuck me over, I’ll never fuck with you ever again.”
He took her hand in his and looked gazed into her eyes, “I promise Jade. I’ll never hurt you. I need you in my life, girl. I can’t function without you. I love you, Jade. You hear me? Everything in me loves you.” While the tears flowed from his eyes, she could see the sincerity of his heart. No man had ever cried in front of her. She wasn’t raised to see that. The men in her life were strong-willed and never showed emotion but Julian exposed his weakness to her. He showed Jade his heart and it was pure towards her and to her that was enough confirmation that what he was saying was absolutely true. She took her left hand and wiped the tears that were streaming down his face.
“Thank you Julian for being open with me. You don’t know how much I needed to hear that shit and imma hold you to your promise—but do me a favor?”
He sniffs and wipes more tears away. “Anything, baby. Anything you want.”
“Go clean yo damn face. All this crying and shit. It’s sexy as hell but baby—”
He laughs and grabs a tissue to wipe the rest of his tears away. “Aye, just to prove to you that I ain’t bout no bullshit, imma take you home tonight, aight. No sex, no bullshit.”
Jade gave him a raised eyebrow. “No sex? This shit is solidified!” She responded with a laugh.
They walked to the door, her hand in his. He clothed her with her hat and coat and they departed his condo. He drove her back to her home and gave her a long, passionate kiss. “Julian.” She said
“Yeah”
“I love you too.” She replied. A smile escaped his face and landed on hers. She exited the car and went inside. Julian went back home and slept like a baby, knowing things were finally coming together.
Scene 10


Turning the corner inside the airport lobby, Mariah seized a deep breath and released slow, discrete breaths. Today was the day that she arrived in LA to spend time with Shawn—and meet his parents. Her pace steadied as she carried her black Michael Kors purse in one hand and pulled her luggage with the other. She looked up and there he was. Tall, brown and clean cut just like she liked him. She could smell his cologne from across the room pulling on her heart strings. Her body sang a melody as he approached her. If she could, she would have dropped her bags, her pants and took all of him; right there in a room full of people.
She missed him; his touch, his kiss, his presence. This would surely be visit to remember. “My girl!” Shawn exclaimed. He accepted her into his arms without hesitation and planted a kiss on her Ruby Woo filled lips. “I missed you babe.” She said.
“I missed you too, Mariah.” Shawn replied. He held onto her so tight, so strong that her love releases a sweet stream of ecstasy inside her Vicky secrets. “Mmm—Shawn.” She moans in his ear.
“What baby?”
“You might wanna let me go unless you wanna get it in right here in this airport?”
“I’m game.” He said laughing. He smacked her on the ass, took her luggage and they departed the airport. Once they arrived outside, Shawn loaded her stuff in his Black Maybach and they drove off; headed to his place.
Cruising down the streets of Los Angeles, Mariah inhales the scenery with her eyes. The big beautiful trees, bright sunshine, streets lined with people that look straight out of a travel magazine and strips of stores lining both sides of the streets. “Oh my God, Shawn— it’s beautiful here.” She stated; her eyes still marveling at the beauty of the city.
“Yeah, we got that good sunshine over here in the Valley.”
They arrived to his place and went inside. “All this damn Warrior shit in the house. I should set this bitch on fire.” Mariah said
“Hey! Don’t disrespect my team.” He said with a laugh as he pulls her into his space again. “I’m so glad you here with me girl. I missed all this.” He let his hands go on a journey all over her body. She looked into his eyes and gave him a smirk. “You missed all this, huh?”
“Uh huh—” He responds as he kisses her lips again and again. “Let me show you how much.”
He took her hands and wrapped them around his waist, pulling her into his space. Their kisses became more and more intense as his hands found her hands and directed her toward his growing manhood. She seized all of him in her hands, peered into his eyes and smiled. “I guess you are happy to see me, huh?”
Shawn steered her into his bedroom. Even though she was a bit drained from the flight, nothing could stop her from giving into his desire to have her. She craved him too and the airport encounter increased her intensity. He kissed her lips. Moved down to her neck and lingered there while her eyes took a journey to the back of her head. He knew how to make her love come down like a rainfall in the forest. Before they knew it, all their clothes were off and Mariah made her way down to his manhood.
Tasting Shawn was a pleasure that sent him over the edge. Up and down, she made her lips wet with his juices and her mouth. She loved to please him; to see him be fulfilled by her was a joy. “Mmm—ah—mmm—Mariah—baby.” He moans. The more his moans increased the more her love dripped like a leaky faucet. She looked up and saw that his eyes were deadlocked on her. He loved to watch her while she engulfed herself in pleasing him. “Come here girl. Let me love you.” He whispered.
She made her way up towards his mouth and found a pleasant seat on his lips. His tongue made her dance on his face in a winding motion. Melodies of moaning ecstasy flowed from her lips as he pleased her. He took hold of her clit and wouldn’t let go. He made her shake like a 5.5 earthquake in Cali. Shawn picked her up from her seat of pleasure, laid her on her back, applied a condom and entered her stormy center. She gasped. He delivers long and lingering strokes to her center and she receives it all. Gazing into his eyes, she saw his love and longing for her. His body needed her. His mind required her and his heart longed for her. As they moaned in sync with each give and take, Shawn proclaims what he has been holding onto since Vegas. “Mariah.” He calls to her.
“Yes, Shawn.” She responds.
“I—love you” as delivered one last, long powerful stroke that sends them both into a fiery orgasm. He collapsed on top of her, out of breath but full of her honey. With her right hand, Mariah stroked his head, admiring the waves in his hair and whispered into his ear, “I love you too, Shawn.” They quickly drifted off into dreamland for a few hours, until Shawn’s alarm blasted through the house.
Shawn reaches over to grab his phone and looks at the time. He screams, “Oh shit! Baby wake up! We gotta get ready to go. My parents—shit! I almost forgot.”
“Damn, Shawn. I—we need to shower first. I’m not going over there smelling like hot sex and worry.” Mariah replies.
They grabbed a shower together to cut down on the time. He marveled at her body in the shower. Watching the water drizzle down her nipples and cascade across her belly, he utters “I’ve never seen you like this, Mariah. I love this shit.”
“Whatever Shawn. Just hurry up so we can get out of here—and stop touching on my ass,” she responds—her laugh echoing off of the shower walls. They finished their shower and got dressed. Mariah placed the finishing touches on her makeup, grabbed her portfolio and they were out the door. Flying down the roads of LA, Mariah tried hard to keep a calm composure, but she was nervous as hell. Meeting Mr. Anderson is one thing, but meeting his mother is a whole different story. Mothers are protective of their children, especially their sons. She wanted to make a good impression on them, so she brought her “A” game.
Shawn noticed that she was uneasy. He asks her, “What you being all nervous for? They gon love you. I’m the one that should be nervous.”
They slowly pulled into the driveway of Shawn’s parents’ home and Shawn’s sister, Sidney came running out across the perfectly manicured lawn to greet them, arms wide open.
“Shawn! I thought you said I was meeting your parents? You ain’t mention nothing about meeting the whole damn family.” She whispered to him
“Chill out babe. You good, aight.” He whispered back to her, keeping a smile on his face the whole time. They exited his car and walked into the house. Shawn’s dad strolled into the entryway to greet them.
“So this is the lady that’s had my son turning into a simple ass these last few months. What did you do to him?” He says.
Mariah smiles, unsure about her response, she opens her mouth and before she can say anything, Sedrick responds, “Nah, I’m just fucking with you.” He grabbed her and gave her a hug. “Welcome to the family.”
Welcome to the family? She couldn’t believe what Mr. Anderson just said to her. In the business that they are in, a lot of women don’t get to meet families and get those precious “welcome to the family” words. What did he tell his parents about her that made them so comfortable and trustworthy of her without ever meeting her? It was Shawn. They’d seen a change in him and it was good, not just for his appearance, but it showed in his decision making. She was the Ashford to his Simpson.
His mother, Klaudia, emerges from the kitchen, dish towel thrown across her right shoulder, eyes bright and wide. “Mariah! You’re even more beautiful in person. Welcome to our home.” She nudged Shawn in the stomach, “Why’d you let your dad scare this poor girl like that?” She said with a laugh. They all walk into the kitchen area. Mariah and Klaudia take seats at the island on the bar stools.
“Son, I’m proud of ya. You did real well this time. Excellent choice,” Sedrick said while they watch the ladies exit the front room.

“Like father, like son huh.” Shawn replies. Shawn and his dad take a seat at the marble kitchen table.
“So, Mariah— Shawn tells me that you are into interior design. Do you have any of your work with you or do you have a website?”
“I do.” Mariah replies “Matter of fact, I have my portfolio with me.” She removes her portfolio from her cross body bag and hands it to Klaudia. Klaudia’s eyes lit up like a kid in a candy store every time she flipped a page. “Sedrick, look at this! Her work is amazing.” She handed the portfolio to Sedrick. He took an extensive look at it, paused and gave his best reply, “This is pretty good work. You think you could uh, do something like this to this fools’ place? Get rid of that Warrior shit he got over there. Make it look more—like a home?” He said with a laugh that filled the whole room.
Shawn replies, “Aye, dad, don’t hate on my décor. It’s authentic.”
“It’s authentic alright. Authentic bullshit.” They all laughed. Shawn’s other sister and brother, Dontae and Talia, came into the kitchen area to see what all the noise was about.
“Shawn, this must be the girl you be on the phone with all night smiling and getting all googly eyed over,” Talia said while making weird eye faces at Shawn.
“Man, get out, girl! This is grown people business.”
Dontae extends his hand to Mariah, “It’s nice to meet you Mariah. I’m Dontae, the sane one in the family.”
Sedrick gave him sinister-like frown and then pointed to himself, “I’m the sane one.” He responds. They all continued conversations and shared laughs for a few hours. As they prepared to depart Shawn’s parents’ home, Mariah and Klaudia exchange information. She had several connections that desperately needed Mariah’s expertise and Mariah was more than eager to build her clientele and her relationship with Shawn’s mom. Klaudia says, “I’ll call you so we can discuss details.”
“I look forward to it. Thank you all so much for having me over.” Mariah replies
“Nah, thank you for putting up with this knuckle head,” Sedrick says. Standing up with his hands in his pockets.
Sedrick and Klaudia gave Mariah and Shawn both hugs and walked them to the door as they said their goodbyes. They got into Shawn’s car and slowly pulled out of the drive way. “I told you they’d love you, girl. You see how they talk about me tho? Like I’m a visitor,” He said with a laugh. Mariah was on cloud nine. She just left the home of one of the most respected individuals in the movie and hip-hop industry. “I really enjoyed them, babe.” She replied
Shawn took her hand, looked into her eyes and said, “I’m glad you did.”
Scene 11


It had been a week since Kendrick flew out to see Chassidy. He was smitten by her innocence and her perfect imperfections. Kendrick decided since it was the week of the NAACP awards, he would fly Chassidy out to be with him and take that walk on the red carpet with her by his side. He called her and asked if she would accompany him and she thankfully agreed. She knew this would be a special occasion for him and she wanted to make sure she represented him well. So she gave a call to Mariah to see if she would be attending the event with Shawn. Mariah answers the phone and Chassidy responds.
“Hey, Mariah. Are you busy?”
“Hey Chassidy. Not really; just laying around watching a game with Shawn. What’s up?” Mariah replies.
Surprised to know this, Chassidy responds, “Oh you’re with Shawn?”
“Yeah, I am.”
“Oh okay. Well listen, Kendrick asked me to go to the NAACP awards with him and I was wondering if you’re going to be there with Shawn, so I don’t feel so out of place.”
“NAACP awards?” Mariah said. Her voice carried loud enough for Shawn to hear her. “I don’t know. Somebody hasn’t asked me.”
“My bad, babe. I was going to ask you and then I completely forgot. Can you go with me?”
“Sure, Shawn. I’d love to go to a live event, with thousands of people at last minutes’ notice,” She responded sarcastically.
“Yeah, girl. I’ll be there.”
“Okay. I’ll see you then.”
“Bye Chassidy.”
The matter at hand was settled. Mariah and Chassidy would be attending the NAACP awards with their guys. Chassidy decided to go shopping for the perfect dress to wear that would make Kendrick look like a billion dollars. He was already sexy enough but with her on his arm, he was priceless. She found it! A strapless, black ball gown, fitted at the top and protruding in the wind from the waist down. Now it was time to pack so she could get ready to board her plane in a few hours. She was nervous. This was her first time traveling to LA. Her plane arrived safely there and Kendrick greeted her at the airport.
“So glad you could make it, babe. This means a lot to me.”
“Thank you for asking me. I feel so special.” They headed back to his place to rest and enjoy the rest of the night together before the big day this weekend.

He’d been racking his brain trying to figure out a way to get Elan to open up to him and let him in. He increased his phone calls, text messages; sent her flowers every day and spilled his most intimate secrets, but yet and still she remained cemented in her ways. “I got it!” Alec knew he had the awards event coming up but he knew he wouldn’t be able to have her alone because he’d be pulled in all different directions. He decided to call her and offer a proposition.
“Hey Elan, baby. How are you?”
“Hey baby. I’m doing good— missing you. How are you?”
His eyes lit up on the other end of the phone. “I miss you too. You know I have this awards thing coming up but I was—.well, I wanted to know if you would like to go somewhere with me?”
“You’re not going to the awards? Alec, why not babe? All your boys are gonna be expecting you to show up.”
“I can make it up to them later. I wanna spend time with you.”
“Okay. What did you have in mind?”
“I was thinking—.maybe we should take a trip somewhere.”
“Like where, Alec?”
“How about we go to Vegas again? Just me and you this time— No interruptions. No distractions.”
She allowed the stillness of her words take precedence in the conversation for a few seconds and then responded. “Vegas. I like the sound of that. Yeah, we can do that.”
Alec let out a sigh of relief. This was just what he needed; to be alone with Elan without friends, family and phones. In Vegas they could do whatever they wanted, when they wanted and how. What happened there does stay there but in the case of and all of their friends, they all found love; not without a little rockiness along the way.
“You won’t regret this baby, I promise.”
“I’m sure I won’t.”
Don’t worry about nothing, babe. I got everything you need. Ticket, car —whatever. Just trust me on this.”
“I trust you, Alec but take me on another rollercoaster and I’m gonna have to re-evaluate this trust,” She said with a laugh
“Girl, stop playing. You know you enjoyed it.”
“Yeah, whatever. Let me get my things together. I’ll see you in Vegas, handsome!”
“I know that’s right, beautiful.”
They hung up the phones and prepared themselves for another adventure in Vegas. This time Alec has some special ideas for Elan.

“Jade—Jade! Baby, come here—Jade!” Julian shouted through the house as if his couch just caught fire.
Jade ran into the living room area screaming, “What the hell, Julian? What’s wrong?”
“Nothing— I just wanted to see your beautiful face.” He flashed a smile.
“Ugh! You so damn silly.”
“Nah, but for real. I was wondering if you wouldn’t mind accompanying me to the awards this weekend.”
“What? Awards? Shhh— you damn right I’m going!”
“I knew yo ass would say yes. Here, take a look at this.” Julian pulled out a box from the closet. Jade opened the box and inside is a beautiful black dress, laced with diamonds. “Yeah, I knew you’d like that shit too.”
“Oh, god—Julian. It’s beautiful.” She gave him a kiss and ran back to the bedroom to finish watching her show.
“Oh babe— I forgot to tell you something else.”
“Ugh—what now, Julian.” She went back in to the living room.
“Guess who’s having a baby?”
“Who you talking bout?”
“Chauncey and your girl, Sasha.”
Her mouth dropped the floor as the look of shock, surprise and happiness covered her face. “Oh my God, Julian! How did you—when did you —Who told you?”
“My bro Chauncey told me. She’s like nine weeks or some shit. I’m bout to be an uncle.” Julian got up and started dancing and Jade gave him a sweet side-eye.
“Fuck yo “being an uncle” celebration, Imma be an aunt.”
He grabbed her around her waist and planted a kiss on her lips. “We gone be a cool as aunt and uncle together. We could be cool as parents too if you’d give me son, Jade.”
“Julian—” she gave him a kiss. “Bye.” She went back in the room and finished her show for real this time.
Scene 12


It had been less than 24 hours since Tisha left Brandon’s hotel room. She went home, pulled into her garage and sat for hours. She thought of all the good time they had; supporting his shows, even the late night ones; hours and hours of rehearsals that she sat through with him, endless phone calls and FaceTime sessions. But somehow they had gotten away from the “good” of the relationship. He started spending more and more time on the road, in different countries and at more shows.
Yeah, he landed a Grammy nomination, but he was losing his rib in the process and he didn’t even know. The hours turned into social media investigations that led to her discovery. She knew it. In the back of her mind, the front of her dreams and on both sides of worry, she knew. Brandon had another girl; someone whom he was draining his time with Tisha for to give to. It didn’t come as a disappointment but more like her confirmation. Her name was Keisha and they’d been together for months. Everything added up. The missed calls missed FaceTime sessions—the ability to go with him to shows. It was the sum to the equation. It was time to move on and Brandon was now the Jonah that needed to be thrown off the boat of her love life.
As she sat in the car, no tears but a smile, she grabbed her phone; scrolling through the contact list and called Brandon.
“Hey Brandon,”
“Hey, what’s up Tisha. You made it home?”
“Yeah, I made it. I needed to ask you something.”
“Aight. What’s up?”
“Who is Keisha?”
“Keisha? I don’t know a Keisha.”
“Oh you don’t—hmmm—. “She paused for a second or two, her breath as calm as a Miami breeze. “I can’t do this anymore.”
“What can’t you do Tisha? What you talking bout?”
“I’m talking about the lies, Brandon; the lies, the manipulations, the distance. All of the secrets. I can’t do this—us— anymore.”
“So just like that, huh? You won’t even give me time to explain.”
“There is nothing to explain, Brandon. I got the answers I needed. Enjoy your life. Goodbye Brandon.”
It was in that moment, as she pressed the end button on her phone, that she felt her release. Although they’ve been through break ups before, this one was different. It was as if God himself said, “Enough is enough. Give me the burden you bear.” She felt free; free to love, free to hear and free to do as she pleased. It was game time. She got out of the car, went inside to shower and hit the sack.
Before she went to bed she looked at her phone and saw a text message from Sasha.
“Call me.”
“Hmmm. I wonder what’s going on.” She picked up her phone and gave her a call.
“Hey, what’s going on?”
“Nothing. I’m in New York with Chauncey. I told him about the baby and—”
“And! What that nigga say?”
“Tish, he was happy—.like scary happy.”
“He trapped yo ass, girl. He got a taste of the kitty and said I won’t let go until she bless my soul!” She said with a laugh
“You so damn crazy, but you might be right. You know this thang got super Kendrick.”
“His mom is coming over tomorrow to meet me. I’m a little nervous.”
“Girl, you got it. Just be you. If he loves you, she will too.”
They continued their conversation and then Sasha remembered the real reason why she asked Tisha to call her.
“Oh yeah, so what are you doing this weekend?
“Nothing much— Lounging around since Brandon and I broke up for real this time, I got nothing but free time, space and opportunity.”
“It’s about time! You deserve way better than the shit he was dishing out—.but um— you wanna go to LA with Chauncey and I to the um, NAACP awards?”
“Her eyes open wide, “LA? What? When? Hell yeah, I wanna go.”
“It’s this Sunday. I’ll send you the information so you can get there.”
“Alright. I’m excited now—.might catch me a real man out in LA.”
“You never know, Tish, Well, let me get back to my trappin’ ass man.” She said sarcastically. “Talk to you later.”

Alec spent the entire night looking for the perfect hotel to spend the weekend with Elan at. He found it. “Why not go back to the Palazzo? It’s good memories there for us.” He said to himself. He booked the hotel and all the other necessities for their getaway. Now it was time for him to find a replacement for him at the awards show. “I know just the person.” He grabbed his phone and called the one and only person who had the time to stand in his stead, his brother.
“Yo, Eli! It’s Al, man.”
“What’s up bro?”
“Hey, listen. We got this awards show thing coming up this weekend and I can’t make. I’m taking Elan to Vegas. Can you go for me and support the homies?”
“You know I got you, bro. just send me the information—oh and tell Elan I asked how she was doing.” He said with a chuckle.
“Man, quit it. Aye, thanks again, Eli.”
“No problem, Al.”
Things were set in motion. Hotel booked, Elan’s flight was booked and his replacement for the awards show was in place.
Scene 13


“Babe, you had enough to eat? You want anything else?”
“No Chauncey, honey, I’m good— Are you trying to stuff me?”
“Well, I mean, you are eating for two people now.”
“You must be eating for two people to. Look at all that food you ate.”
Chauncey looked down at his plate and laughed, “Guess I was a little hungry.”
“I am sleepy tho. Can we shower and go to bed now? Your mom is coming over tomorrow and I want to be alert when she gets here. Wait, Chauncey. We have nothing in here to cook for tomorrow. I know it’s still raining out, but could you go to the store and get a few things for me?”
He looked at his watch, grabbed his hat, coat and umbrella without hesitation. “Anything for you, babe. Write down what you need me to pick up.”
She wrote down a list of items and handed it to him. He looked over the list and smiled big. “You don’t know what to do with all this, girl. You telling me you can get down in the kitchen or what?”
She blew on her nails, brushed them across her shoulder and smiled. “I do a little something. Just get the food.”
“Aight, aight. I’ll be back. Don’t be sleep when I get back tho.”
“I’ll try but I ain’t gon guarantee it.” She gave him a nice, warm tongue kiss that sent radar signals to his manhood as he headed out the door. “I love you Chauncey.”
He smiled, “Love you too, babe.”
Twenty minutes flew by and Sasha was dozing off on the sofa. Eyes half shut, she glanced at the time on the TV. “I can’t wait any longer. I’m tired.” She got up and went to take her shower. When she got out of the shower, she noticed that Chauncey still hadn’t come back yet. “I hope he’s okay. I’m worried now—wait— he probably don’t even know what half the stuff on the list is.” She went ahead and went to sleep. An hour later, Chauncey walked back in the door; hands full of grocery bags and his umbrella. He dropped the bags at the door, hung his coat up and put away his hat. “Sasha! Babe, I’m back. You wouldn’t believe how long it took me to find all of this stuff.”
He noticed that his responses went unanswered so he took the groceries into the kitchen and went to the bedroom. There she was; sleeping soundly to the rain beating on the large windows. “Damn—she beautiful even when she sleeps.” He went back and put up all of the groceries, shut down all the lights in the house and took a shower. Brown skin dripping with fresh water, he stepped out of the shower, dried off and put on his pajama bottoms.
When he turned off the lights in the bathroom, the entire bedroom went completely dark. He slid into the bed and cozied up to her. Enveloped in her scent of warm vanilla, he moved her braids back, kissed her ear and whispered, “Good night, love.”
She could feel the warmth of his body clothing her even with the covers on. He took his hand, rubbed her belly and whispered a sweet melody to their unborn child. When she heard the lyrics flowing from his mouth, she woke up and turned to face him. They lay face to face, soul to soul. “You’re going to be a great dad.”
With a smile on his face and an inkling of doubt he responded, “I sure hope so, Sasha. I’m excited. I’m happy, but to be honest, I’m scared. I mean, this is a huge responsibility and I don’t want to fail at it.”
As they lay in the bed with the sounds of rain marching down the windows, she comforted and affirmed him. “There’s no need to be scared, Chauncey. I was scared at first— I wasn’t sure how you were going to react but then you showed me that no matter what, you’d still be here for us.” Rubbing her belly, “I got you and I got YOU. You’re going to be a great father.” He then found his peace in her. He moved a little closer to her and kissed her lips; rubbing her arm, down to her thigh. She was inviting and in need of his affection.
She looked in his eyes and said, “Kiss me again,” and he obliged. Lips lingering together like the smell of alcohol on the breath of an alcoholic, their kisses grew intense, his hands taking walks down the back of her night gown. He squeezed her ass and kissed her deeply as his voice deepened. “Can we um—is it okay to—you know, because of the baby.”
“Chauncey, it’s okay. The doctor said it’s actually good for the baby—and good for mommy and daddy too,” she said with a flirty laugh. He turned her over so that her back could face him. He left trails of kisses from her neck to her side; his manhood rising rapidly and stout inside his clothes. He removed his pajamas and let them fall to the floor. He slid her night gown up. When he realized she had nothing underneath, he lifted her leg and gave her the full length of himself.
“Ahhhh—”she gasped. “Mmm—ahh—ooh.”
“I missed being inside you. It’s so warm in here,” he whispered in her ear as he thrusted back and forth slowly, allowing her springs to flow down his strong manhood. The louder it rained, the louder her moans became.
She pushed her hand into his stomach to motion him to stop. “What’s wrong, baby? Am I hurting you?”
“No—not at all.” She turned over and laid him on his back; planting hot, wet kisses from his lips, down his chest to his stomach and welcoming his manhood in her mouth. She moved up and down, leaving traces of his sprinkled goodness all over him that were deposited into her mouth. “Damn—mmm—oh shit—ah—” he moaned as she increased her speed and tightened her lips on the downbeat of the raindrops.
“Babe— you gotta—you gotta—I’m bout to bust.” Right before he released himself in her mouth, she sanctioned her love and his manhood to meet again. With his hands on her waist and her hands on his chest, she let her hips slow dance to the rhythm of their self-made love song. Every up and down motion she gave, he met with a long, strong stroke. “Come for me baby—yeah—like that.” Her body shook in conjunction to his demands. “fuck—” He released into her and kissed her. “You’re so beautiful, baby. I love you girl.”
“I love you too, Chauncey.”
Energy and bodies drained, they finally fell asleep with the rain as their lullaby. Seven hours later Sasha woke up, showered again and got dressed to go start on breakfast for her, Chauncey and his mom. The scent of buttery grits, cheese eggs, fried salmon croquettes, turkey bacon and cheese toast drifted him from the bed to the kitchen, “Who you let in here to cook all this food?”
“You got jokes this early, huh? I told you I know what I’m doing in here.” She moved from the stove to the counter, towel draped over her shoulder and glasses planted on her face. “Bye Chauncey! Go shower and get dressed.” Lathering on his best cologne, he stood in the mirror checking out his attire. “Let’s do this.” He spoke to himself.
The doorbell rang loud with chiming melodies. Chauncey went to answer the door. He peeked outside the small window to the right. It was his mother. Standing there with a smile as big as grand central station, he opened the door “My baby!” she said as she greeted him with a hug and a peck on the cheek. “What’s that smell? You got a butler now?” she said sarcastically.
“Ma—come on now, really?”
“I’m just saying—you can’t cook, son.”
He took her coat and hung it up. Mrs. Hill asks, “Now where is she?” Looking around the living room area, his mom made her way to the kitchen. “Hi, Ms. Hill,” Sasha responds as she extended her hand out to greet her.
Chauncey announces, “Sasha, baby, this is my mom, Monique. Ma, this is my heart, Sasha.” With a watchful and examining eye, she quickly examined the kitchen, the food and Sasha. She paused and said, “Hi pretty lady,” grabbed her and gave her a hug. “Chauncey, she is beautiful—AND she can cook! I think you got a winner here.” She placed her hands on the outside of her stomach and gave a genuine smile. “My grandbaby is in there. I’m so proud of you two.”
Sasha let out a sigh of relief. She had no idea how Chauncey’s mom would react to meeting her. The feeling of guilt and worry left her mind and it was time to eat. “So, have you two talked about names for the baby yet?”
“No, ma. Not yet,” Chauncey said while taking in a fork full of grits and eggs into his mouth. “This food is amazing, baby.”
She smiled, “Told ya.”
“Well, if it’s a girl, she has to have Mo in her name. Something from her granny—or G-ma— I like that better; G-ma Hill—yeah.”
“It’s a boy mom— I just know it. It’s a little me in there; A little Chauncey Jr.”
They finished breakfast and enjoyed his mother’s visit for the next few hours; laughing, catching up on his trip to and from London and talking about the NAACP awards show.
“Alright you two, it’s time for me to leave. I got a lot of shopping to do.”
“You always shopping, ma.”
“Yeah, but this time it’s not for me. It’s for my grandbaby.”
Chauncey and Sasha walked her to the door and said their goodbyes. She walked out and they passed out on the sofa for a few hours.
Scene 14


Las Vegas, Nevada

Planes divorcing with the wind, marrying the landing strips, people departing their long flights while decorating the airport, their eyes met. Tension increasing with every second as their bodies floated closer to each other. She saw him; Tall, dark and delectable— White t-shirt covered by a black leather moto jacket and black jeans that hugged him perfectly. The smile that caused her love to go into convulsion flashed as they got closer and closer.
He dropped his luggage, grabbed her waist, pulling her into him and kissed her. “Thank you coming Elan. This time alone with you really means a lot to me.”
She smiled back at him, “It means a lot to me too. Let’s get out of here.”
“Lead the way beautiful.”
“You lead the way. I ain’t set this shit up.”
“Oh yeah—you right,” he chuckled. They departed the airport and loaded their luggage and themselves into a black stretched limo. “Uh, Alec—Why do we need this big ass limo?”
“Cause— I wanna make it right for you, E.”
“A normal car would have been fine, but let me shut up. I ain’t complaining—at all.”
The limo arrived to the Palazzo hotel. They got out and went inside.
Alec went to check in and grab the room keys while Elan’s eyes roam around the hotel lobby. Memories of the first time she saw him, their first interactions loomed her mind and brought her right back to his voice saying, “I got the keys baby. Let’s go.” They got into the elevator and went to a familiar place: the 15th floor. The elevator doors swung open and they walked out. Elan took several deep, subtle breaths—knowing that soon, they would be alone and she would have to talk. She knew that Alec was trying to get inside her but he was really trying to capture her heart in the process.
They arrived to their suite. Her heart skipped beats like hopscotch on a Saturday afternoon in the sun. He inserted the key and turned the knob. In they walked and the door sealed the fate of their relationship. He took her bags along with his and placed them in the corner of the room. Taking seat on the sofa, Alec hung his head low and rubbed his hair from the front to the back with both hands. Elan stood at the window, looking out over the horizon of the city.
“I almost forgot how pretty it was here.”
“Yeah, it is. But you’re the most beautiful thing here.”
She looked over at him and shot him a quick smile then back out the window she looked.
“Hey you—come sit with me. Talk to me.” He motioned for her to inhabit the space next to him on the sofa. His demeanor was soft and complex but loving nonetheless. She looked at him again, took in a deep breath and slowly made her way to him. She took her place next to him on the sofa and he grabbed her hand. “So—what’s going through your mind at this exact moment?”
Shocked by his question, she took a minute to gather her thoughts. What should she say? What shouldn’t she say? How is this weekend going to play out? She breathed in and responded. “Well—to be honest. I don’t really know what to think. I mean, you brought me back out here to this beautiful place. It’s gorgeous here.” She motioned to show him how the place is perfect. “Can I ask you something, Alec?”
“Sure, babe. What is it?”
“When you first met me, what did you think of me?”
“Honestly babe, when I first met you, I thought to myself this is a woman—a real woman and she look like she got her shit together. I gotta have her. The way you carried yourself is what attracted to me. Not to mention your beautiful eyes and that treasure you got following behind you.” They both laughed. “But seriously, I knew I needed you from the moment I saw you at the bar.”
Elan blushed with gratefulness. He needed her. Not her money, not to waste her time or drain her emotions but he needed HER. Those words were exactly what she needed to hear but something was still holding her back and Alec could see it in her eyes. He leaned into her space. “Baby, tell me something. Why won’t you let me in—in there?” He pointed to her heart. “I wanna be in there. My place is there. What’s holding you back?”
Elan looked at him and she could tell that he wasn’t joking around. He loved her and he wanted her to love him just the same. “Alec, I don’t know. I’ve been hurt, disappointed and broken so many times.” Elan has skeletons in her past and that’s where they stay. They don’t have clothes. They don’t breathe. They are dead but their spirits live on in her secret place—her heart. She adds, “I’ve locked my heart up.”
“Baby, listen. I’ve been holding the keys since I saw you. Let me unlock it. Please, Elan. I finally found someone that I can trust and be myself around—and I don’t want to risk anything we got going on. I want you to feel the same for me as I do for you—.please—.Elan—.look at me baby—please.” He pulled her closer to him and gave her a long lingering kiss that sent her mind into overdrive.
One hand on her lap and the other on his chest, she could tell he wanted her, but this time it would be different. The mood was different. The atmosphere was vexed with peace, opportunity and newness. “It’s been a long day and we had a long flight. Come take a shower with me.”
Alec got up and went to turn the shower on. He came back and persuaded her back into the bathroom with him. They kissed deeply and passionately as she remembered the last time they were in a bathroom together. A subtle moan dispersed from her lips. She tried to ease out of her clothing and he stops her. “No. let me do this for you.” He took his time to undress her while marveling at her body. Every inch of her was in front of her. She was vulnerable, not only physically but mentally and emotionally, and she was with him.
He undressed and they got in the shower. He took a towel and lathered it with body wash. Slowly, he washed her body. With every swipe, he washed away past hurt, old disappoint and word scars. She was so taken by his sweet and strong composure. The way he took his time cleaning her and studying her. She grabbed a towel and returned the favor. With soap and water dripping from her towel, she washed away his worry about her. He cornered her in the shower and kissed her while the water ran down his head and over his body. He took his right hand and softly grabbed her right breast. Her love flowed with the water. He let his hand wander down between her legs and into her center.
“Ah—”she gasped. He kissed her fervently. Their tongues slow danced while his finger played the violin inside her center. His manhood grew stronger and longer. The more he felt her dripping down his hand the more he wanted her. “Come—with me.” They stepped out of the shower and he dried them both off. He took her back in the bedroom, pulled the covers back until they were almost off the bed and laid her down. He stretched her out on the bed and planted kisses from her lips down to her breasts, sucking and flicking his tongue until she could resist him no longer. He kissed her from her breasts down to her stomach. Spreading her legs wide enough for his large frame to lay in between, he kissed her clit and her lips then he took all of her, making her throw fits of moans.
“Oh—Alec—mmm! Baby—shit.” She took her hands and placed them on his head and suddenly he looked up. “Baby—let me do this, okay.”
“Yes, Alec.” She obliged. He put her hands back where he left them; stretched out on the bed. He towered over her, licked her lips then deeply kissed her. “Elan—” He beckons her.
“Yes”
“Let me love you baby—Can I love you?” He asks.
“Yes, Alec.”
“Let me hear you say it?”
“You can love me, Alec.” Her guard finally down. She responds.
He took his hands and locked her hands in his. He looked her in the eyes and said, “Let me unlock you, E,” and deeply planted his manhood inside her warm center. She moaned in long-awaited ecstasy. He stroked her center slowly, while her body responded to his every motion. She felt that this was a love he’d held on to for some time and he was giving her all he had but it felt different. She felt his hardness like never before and she dripped all over him. It was too good.
Elan looks at him, a worried look covered her face and spoke, “Alec—.baby—wait. Where is the condom?”
He stroked her good and deep, then he responded, “Let me unlock you, please.” As he moved in and out of her love and she moaned and screamed for more. The more she asked the more he gave.
“Fuck—.Alec—shit—.oh—God—.I love you, Alec,” Elan screamed.
Alec asks, “Say that again, baby”
“I —I—I —love you—damn.” She responds.
Those were the words he’d been waiting to hear since their trip to the fair. He accomplished what he needed. He unlocked her and now he had her heart, her mind and her body. He thrusted in and out of her love violently, sending her body and his into overdrive— “Ah—damn! I’m—bout—to—come—damn.” He screams.
He pulls out and covers her thighs with his milky goodness and she was content with him. She loved him. As they lay in the bed, no covers to clothe their naked but satisfied bodies, he reached over and pulled her close to him. She occupied the space next to him in bed and now in his heart. He whispers to her, “I love you Elan and I ain’t never letting you go. I got you. I promise.”
“I love you too, Alec.” She responds.
Scene 15


It was the big day for the guys. They were preparing to be winners at the NAACP award show. Nerves were shot, emotions were high but their demeanors were calm. They all had a peace about how the evening would go. Of course, with the women that they loved by their sides, nothing could go wrong—or could it?
“How much longer are you gonna be in there, Jade?”
“Julian, give me a minute. I’m almost fuckin done, aight?”
“Whatever you need baby; I’m just gonna chill out here until you done—but shit! Don’t make me come in there and give you a real reason to have us late.”
Julian stood in his bedroom looking in the full length. Clothed in a double-breasted black Armani suit with subtle navy blue highlights, he checked his lapel pin and cufflinks to make sure they are on straight. Finally, Jade had finished applying her makeup. She walked out of the bathroom and into the living room in her black diamond laced, one sleeve dress with big diamond chandelier earrings and red bottom Giuseppe heels.
“Baby girl——you look fine as fuck right now. I love the way them diamonds are hitting yo hips right there.”
She ran her hands down both sides of her dress and looked up at him, “Thank you baby. You really know how to pick a dress.” She walked over to him and planted a kiss on his lips. “Soft ass lips.” She said.
“Let’s go baby. The car is waiting for us outside.” Julian grabbed his phone, a small black velvet pouch and Jade’s hand and they departed his place; headed for the award show.

“Mariah, baby does this look right?”
“Let me see—Hold—on—now its right.” She stood back and marveled at Shawn’s attire. “I did that shit.” Mariah convinced Shawn to let her dress him for the award show and she did a phenomenal job. Rubbing on his beard, he checked out his suit: a black one-button Armani suit, black shirt, silk tie and silver cufflinks. “Next time, I’m hiring yo ass to pick my clothes. I feel like Dre right now— bout to go buy California from his ass,” he said with a laugh. “You looking real sexy yourself standing right there in that dress, girl. Come here.” He grabbed her around her waist and brought her in close to him to kiss her.
“Come on, Shawn. You’re gonna mess up my lipstick.”
“I don’t care. Told you I ain’t like that shit anyways. I’ll lick it all off,” responding with a laugh.
“You can lick me later, Shawn.”
Shawn raised his eyebrow and grinned. Mariah took once last glance at her long sleeved, black dress and her strappy black Giuseppe heels in the mirror, marveling at the detail and she’s done. “I’m ready, Shawn.” She grabbed her purse.
“Aight. Let’s go.”

“Baby, you are gorgeous. I can’t thank you enough for being here with me.” Kendrick took a look at Chassidy’s dress, her hair and her eyes. Her diamond earrings made her smile even brighter. He brushed his black Armani suit jacket and ran his brush over his head.
“Aww, babe. I’m grateful to be here with you.”
“Now—it’s going to be a lot of cameras and people around. Let me know if you get nervous. I’ll be right next to you.”
“I’m glad to have you by my side, babe but look at the time—.we gotta go.”
“You’re right. Let me grab something real quick and we can leave.” He ran back to his bedroom to grab a small box he left in the night stand drawer. “Got it.”
“What did you leave babe?”
“Not a thing for you to be worried about babe. Now let’s go.”
They departed his place, head downstairs and drive off to the awards.

“Ugh! I can’t get this stupid dress to zip up—damn!”
“Hold on now, Sasha. Let me help you out okay? Stop stressing. You’re gonna upset yourself and the baby.”
She shot Chauncey a strong side eye as he walked over and zipped the back of her dress.
“I feel fat as hell. Look at me.” She says as her eyes begin to water at the thought of her baby bump showing through her black laced chiffon dress.
He stood back, looked her up and down and smiled. “No—no. Don’t do that. You look amazing, baby. You can’t even tell there’s a baby in there yet.”
She peered back a smile. “Thank you, Chauncey.”
He pulled her in by the hand and kissed her. “I love you girl and don’t ever think I won’t.”
“I love you too, babe. Let me look at you here. That suit was a perfect choice if I do say so myself.”
Chauncey decided to wear his black Versace suit and silver cufflinks to match the diamond earrings he bought Sasha to wear. “You and my mini me ready to go babe?”
“Yeah, we’re ready.” She took in a deep breath, grabbed her purse and they left to pick up Tisha from her hotel. When they arrived, Tisha was standing outside the hotel in her long-sleeved black laced, high low dress. Her black strappy Giuseppe shoes had a diamond broach on each side. Chauncey got out of the car and opened the door for her to get in. “You look real nice tonight, sis. You excited?”
“Excited, nervous—a whole bunch of shit, Chauncey, but thanks bro. You don’t look to bad yourself,” She said with a chuckle. “Aww, look at my sister. She’s so beautiful.”
“I told her that at the hotel. She got a glow that’ll make the sun jealous right now. Alright yall beautiful people, let’s ride.”
They drove off and made their way to the awards.
Scene 16


Glaring bright lights everywhere, red carpets longer than the sea of galilee, numerous photographers lined up to take account of the history that would be happening tonight. Stretch limo after big SUV after Mercedes Benz lined the midtown streets of Pasadena, California. Walls and walls of backdrop bearing the name “NAACP Image Awards” covered the outside of the arena.
“Hey babe, I just got a text from Chauncey saying to meet up at the third set up.” Julian tells Jade.
“Cool.”
They arrived to the arena at the same time as Kendrick, Chassidy, Mariah and Shawn. All of them were standing around waiting for someone to let them know where to go and what to do. Neil and his wife were already seated inside the arena.
“What it do, Shawn?”
“My dude!” Shawn gives Julian the famous high five. “I see Kendrick ain’t come to play tonight and your lady looking all beautiful, as always.”
“Hey man, she makes me look good,” Kendrick replied.
“So, Jade—.where the hell you get that dress from? The diamond store? Looking like royalty tonight, sis.” Shawn asked with a laugh.
“My boo bought it for me. Gorgeous isn’t it?”
“I ain’t know you had taste like that, Julian. You did good.”
“Yo man, where the hell is Alec and Chauncey?” Julian asked
“I don’t know where Alec is but I know Chauncey should be pulling up shortly.” Shawn said
“Aye, man. Did Chauncey tell yall about the baby yet?” Julian asked
Everybody looked confused except Jade and Mariah. “Baby—what baby?” Shawn said
“Damn Shawn, I forgot to tell you sweetie. Sasha is pregnant. She and Chauncey are having a baby.”
“Hell yeah. I can’t wait to see this nigga.” Shawn said.”
“Chassidy, why you so quiet baby?” Kendrick asked
“I’m just observing—”
Chauncey, Sasha and Tisha pulled up. Chauncey got out and opened the doors for the ladies.
“Thanks bro,” Tisha said
“Thank you, love,” Sasha said
“What up yall?” Chauncey said to the rest of the group
“We see what’s up, Chauncey.” He reached over and points to Sasha’s belly. “A baby, my nigga! Congratulations dog.”
“Thank you, man. Means a lot.”
“Congrats Chauncey. Congrats Sasha. Yall gon make great parents.” Kendrick said
They all made their way to the third set up for pictures and dialogue with the camera crew. They girls were amazing and they complimented their men so well. “Stand right here in front, babe. I want everybody to see what I got.” Shawn said
“Kiss me—right here,” Kendrick said
“What?”
“Kiss me, Chassidy.” As Chassidy leaned in and gave Kendrick a kiss, a group of photographers started snapping photos. He put his hand on her ass and squeezed tight. “I just needed everyone to know who I’m with and that I’m crazy about you. Let social media handle that one.”
While everyone was taking photos, Elijah spotted Chauncey and the crew and walked over to them.
“Yo! Chauncey!”
“Eli—what’s up? Where’s Alec?”
“He said he couldn’t make it, man. Something about taking Elan to Vegas? I don’t know. He asked me to step in for him and you know I couldn’t turn him down.”
“That’s great, man. Glad you could step in for your brother like that. It must be serious if he missed an opportunity like this. I don’t know if you met my lady or not.” Chauncey tapped Sasha on her shoulder, interrupting her conversation with Tisha. “Baby, this is Elijah, Alec’ brother. Ed, this is my lady, Sasha—and my little man in there,” he said as he rubbed her belly.
“Hi Elijah. It’s so nice to meet you. You and Alec have the same smile.”
“It’s nice to meet you too—and Chauncey when did yall do this?” Ed said pointing to the baby bump
“Man—It’s a long story,” Chauncey said with a laugh
Elijah moved a bit the left and stood right in front of Tisha. “Hi! I’m Elijah. I’m sorry but I didn’t get your name?” He extended his hand out to introduce himself.
She slowly brought her eyes up from his feet to his fitted shirt to his smile then to his gorgeous brown eyes. “I’m Tisha. It’s nice to meet you, Elijah. I said that right, didn’t I?”
“Most definitely, beautiful.”
Chauncey looked at Sasha and she looked back at him with a wide smile. He whispered in her ear, “Sis might get some tonight!” and laughed
“Aww, babe. Stop being so nasty.”
“I can’t help it. Look at how you looking, girl. You made me like this.”
Chauncey looked at his watch and realized it was time to go inside for the show. “Hey, it’s time to go get seated.” Everyone followed suit and went inside to take their seat.
“Eli—bro what you doing here?” Shawn asked
“Filling my brother’s shoes man—and trying to see who this lady is with Chauncey’s girl.”
“Ah man, that’s Tisha, her best friend. She cool people.”
“That’s what’s up—Aye, good luck tonight.”
“Thanks bro.”
The show began; Great jokes, awesome performances and very intellectual announcers were there. Fantasia ripped the stage with her rendition of Whitney Houston’s “I have nothing.” She left the crowd in a standing ovation and tears. Half way through the show, Jamie Foxx got up to announce the winner of the Outstanding Motion Picture category and of course, Behind The Beats won.
Shawn, Graham Stanton the director, Julian, Nathan, Chauncey, Kendrick and Elijah all went up to accept the award. When they got on stage, Graham gave his speech about how the movie was great to make. “It was a great cast. I had phenomenal actors. They busted their asses and you all see the results. Thanks to Sedrick, the co-producers and assistant directors and all of these guys you see up here. They made it happen.”
The crowds clapped loudly in agreement. “Any of you guys had anything you wanted to say?”
Chauncey shook his head. Elijah smiled but had nothing to say. Kendrick and Nathan said no. Shawn took the mic. “I just wanna say thank you to my moms and my dad for believing in me. You know, it took me two years of auditioning to get this role and I just wanted to keep my family’s legacy strong. Thank you, guys. Oh and shout out to my baby, Mariah. Baby where you at? Wave so the people can see you. That’s me right there yall.”
Mariah waved with big smile on her face, slightly embarrassed by all the eyes on her because of Shawn.
Julian was the last to take hold of the mic. “You know what it is what it was, and what it will be.” The crowd joined him in unison to finish his sentence. “I just wanted to say thank you all for taking the time out yall busy schedule to go see the movie. The character that I was so privileged to portray on screen was a great man with many challenges just like all of us. What made him so special was that he had drive, dedication to his craft and determination. One thing that I took away from this movie and from my character was that he always made good on his promises. My goal in life it to always do the same thing—.so with that being said, Jade—baby girl, come here. “Julian called Jade up on stage and chatter arose from everywhere. The music began to play in the background indicating that his time was up but he didn’t care.
Jade walked up onto the stage, confused and shocked. Julian reached in his pocket and pulled out the velvet pouch that he grabbed from the house. He took the mic down from the stand. “Jade, baby girl I know we’ve been through a lot these past few months and I know that I don’t deserve anything you choose to give me—but would you do me the honor of choosing to be my wife?” He reached in the pouch and pulled out a 2 carat-diamond ring.
Everyone on stage was shocked. Chauncey’s eyes got big. Shawn flipped out on stage. Nathan stood there with his hand over his mouth. Gary, Kendrick and Elijah just stood there smiling. Jade couldn’t believe what she just heard. Did he really just? With a tear running down her left cheek, she blurted out a small yes, then screamed, “Hell yeah!”
“This just made my fuckin’ year yall. I love the award but this was worth more than that. Thank yall again.”
They all walked off stage and as soon as they sat down in their seats, Julian leaned over and whispered to Jade, “I’ll always love you, Jade and that’s a promise.”
She looked back at him and gave him a kiss, “I love you too, Julian.”
Chauncey won Outstanding Supporting Actor for Behind The Beats.
Scene 17


They finished out the show and went to the after party. Everyone was having a good time, chilling, drinking and enjoying the scenery. Jade and Julian were happy as hell and so in love. Even though things started out with them kind of rocky, he made good on the promises he made to her. He stepped up and became the man that she believed he was.
Elijah saw that Tisha was sitting over with Sasha, so he went and sparked up a conversation with her. “So, I see you sitting here with your friend. I hope you’re enjoying yourself tonight.” He said.
“I really am. Everything and everyone is so nice. My expectations were a bit different.” Tisha replied.
“I’m glad it turned out better for you. Do you mind if I sit here next to you?”
“No, not at all.”
Elijah took his seat next to her and they continued their conversation.
“So, Tisha. Tell me about yourself?”
Well, what do you want to know, Elijah?”
“Whatever you feel like sharing.” He said. He took a long look at the detail of her makeup, staring at the way her lips move when she talked and how her eyes lit up every time he spoke. He had never encountered anyone like her. She was reserved, beautiful and carried herself with dignity; something that his line of business lacked at times.
“Well, I live in Florida. I write a little bit. I can sing but only in my shower,” She said with a laugh. “I am a teacher and a host of other things. What about you? Tell me about yourself.”
“I am an actor but my brother and I have this watch business thing on the brink of completion. We like to design watches—and I also love to cook. You can sing, huh?”
“Wait—you can cook?” she said with a chuckle.
“Yeah, I love cooking. But about this singing—.so you can sing?”
“Just a little bit.”
“Well, let’s hear it.”
“Right here? In a room full of people?”
“You’re not scared, are you?”
“I’m not but—”
“Then come with it, girl—you can whisper it in my ear if you like.”
“Okay.” Tisha replied. She leaned over and whispered a melody from her favorite song from Jill Scott, “He loves me” into his ear. Her voice made waves to his manhood and it grew so rapidly in his pants that he had to discreetly place his hand over it.
“Damn, girl— I mean, Tisha that ain’t no shower singing. You got a gift girl.”
She smiles, “Thank you. Glad you liked it.”
“It really was amazing.”
“Baby, I’m getting tired. I know you have to be here but can I have the car take me back to the hotel?” Sasha said to Chauncey
“No. The car can take US back to the hotel. I’m not letting you go back by yourself. Come on. Let’s get you back so you can rest.” Chauncey replied.
Sasha leaned over to Tisha and said, “Tisha, we are leaving. I can’t keep my eyes open anymore.”
“Alright.” Tisha looked at Elijah with a sad face and said, “Looks like we are out of here for the night. It was really nice meeting you.”
Elijah placed his hand over hers and said, “Wait. You have to go so soon? I can take you back to your hotel if you like?”
“Sure. That would be fine.” She looked at Sasha as Chauncey placed his suit jacket around her shoulders and said, “Hey, Elijah’s gonna take me back to the hotel.”
Sasha looked at Chauncey, smiled and whispered to him, “You were right, babe.”
He laughed.
“What yall whispering about?” Tisha asked.
“Nothing sis. Aye man, yall have a good night.” Chauncey said as they departed the after party. They got back to their hotel and Sasha was out of it. Chauncey spoke, “Hey baby, wait a minute. Let me help you get undressed. I know you’re tired. I’m tired too.” Chauncey helped her get undressed and turned the water on so she could shower. “Matter of fact, let me bath you tonight, okay?”
“Really! Thank you, Chauncey.” She was so overcome with emotions, pregnancy hormones and sleepiness that she started crying. “I just don’t know what I’d do without you.”
“Come on now—you my woman. Stop all that crying.”
“I can’t help it. It’s all your fault.”
“My fault? How so?”
She wiped her tears and sarcastically starts mocking him by repeating what he said the first night they made love in Vegas. “You mean the world to me— can I have you?”
“Whatever.” He said with a chuckle as he pulled back the shower curtains. “I meant what I said. Now get in the shower with yo beautiful self.”

Back at the after party, Tisha and Elijah continued talking, getting to know more about each other. They talked about the watch business and Tisha was intrigued. A black man interested in designing watches and loves to cook. He was definitely from a different breed. The night was getting far away from the time so Elijah decided to pry a little bit to see how long he would have her lovely persona in his personal space.

“So, how long will you be in LA?” Elijah asked.
“I’m actually leaving out tomorrow. I have some business to catch up on back home.”
“That’s sad for me but I understand. Business is business.”
“You’re right. Somebody got to do it. Well, I’m actually ready to go whenever you are.” Tisha said as she glanced around and at all the drunk celebrities in compromising situations and snap chat-able moments.
“I was just waiting on you to say the word. Let’s go.”
Elijah and Tisha left the after party and he took her back to her hotel. They pulled in the parking lot and sat in the car for hours talking, laughing and surprisingly enjoying each other. Elijah looked down at his watch and noticed the time. They had been sitting in the car for 2 hours.
“Oh wow. We’ve been out here for a long time.” Elijah said
“Yeah, the windows have fogged up.” Tisha replied
“I really enjoyed talking to you—you know. You’re really cool.”
“Well thank you. You’re not too bad yourself.”
“Listen, if it’s not too forward of me, may I have your number? I really think we got something going here and I would like the opportunity to explore you— I mean, it.” He said with a chuckle.
“I was waiting for you to ask me that back at the after party. Let me see your phone.” He handed over his phone and she plugged her number into his contact list.
“Let me walk you to the door.” Elijah walked her to the front doors of the hotel and made sure that she got on the elevator. Then he left. They both wore smiles for the rest of the night with memories of their evening dancing in their minds.
Scene 18


Chassidy and Kendrick have had a long day and an even longer night. Lights, cameras, people; it’s been draining. They left the after party around 3 am, exhausted and completely out of it. Kendrick managed to drive them home safely. They got back to his house and Chassidy went to turn the shower on. Kendrick threw his suit jacket on the end of the bed, shoes flying in whatever direction he kicked them off in and his tie was barely hanging on around his neck.
Chassidy yelled, “Kendrick, can you—help me—out of this—damn dress, shit!”
He sluggishly walked over and helped her out of her dress and then stumbled back to the bed and sat at the edge. He let out a deep sigh and dropped his head into his hands. “Damn.”
Chassidy didn’t hear or see him; she just walked into the bathroom and into the shower. While she was in the bathroom, he was in the bedroom trying to remember what he did with the box he had with him before he left. He had it in his hand—put it in his pocket—and then, “Oh yeah, it’s in my suit jacket.” He remembered.
He reached over and grabbed the jacket to remove the box when it fell to the floor. As soon he got down to grab the box from the floor, Chassidy walked out of the bathroom in a robe. He looked up at her and threw the box under the bed. “What are you doing down there?”
“I was trying to find something, but it’s nothing.”
“Oh—uh huh—okay.” She walked over to his dresser, dropped her robe revealing her almond butter, caramel toned bare skin and all his thoughts about the box disappeared. His mouth hang wide open as his manhood woke up strong and ready for a lesson. “Soo—you just gonna stand there in front of me like that?”
“What you mean, babe?” She responded with a sarcastic smirk on her face, peering through her tired eyes. “I’m really tired and you should be too.” She put on her underwear and lace gown to sleep in. His eyes were watchful as she bent over. She walked over to the opposite side of the bed, got in and fell asleep. He looked over, smirked and went to take his shower. Realizing what time it was, he finished his shower, got dressed and went to bed. Four hours later, with the sun beaming slightly through the window, Kendrick woke up and turned over to see Chassidy still asleep. He cozied up to her really tight, brushing his hard manhood up against her with thoughts of her naked body scrolling through his thoughts. It was early in the morning but he wanted her desperately.
He kissed on her neck and shoulders, each one hot and purposeful. He slowly turned her over on her back, removing her underwear and placed kisses on each of her thighs. Spreading her legs like a Saturday morning breakfast, he licked and kissed her clit and then gave her the best wake up head ever. “Kendrick—what the—fuck—mmm—babe—”
“Shhh—just let it happen.” He sucked and licked until she moaned in desperation for him to feed her more. “You want me, baby?”
“Yes baby— I want you.”
He reached over and grabbed a condom to put on, took her legs, placing each one on his shoulders and thrusted his manhood inside her, hard but slow. “Oh shit——mmm—oh—,” she moaned.
“Chassidy” He said. Kendrick loved to call her name when they made love. He loved the way the syllables rolled off his tongue and into the atmosphere. He got drunk off her body and high from her pretty kitty. He loved to make her purr and want more of what he freely gave to her.
Their bodies made sweet melodies as the sun rose outside the window. Every thrust he gave, her thighs meet with his like the clapping of hands. They more she asked, the more he gave. His manhood slid in and out of her love like a key to a door. He looked down and saw that she covered him with her juices, so he smiled and then a rush of spasms took them both over. They came together; loud and triumphant. As his body lay between her thighs, out of breath, he whispered something to her.
“Chassidy, you know I love you right?”
“Yeah, I know,” As she stroked his perfectly lined hair.
“So, if I asked you something, would you do it?”
“Depends on what you ask me.”
He looked up at her and she saw the sincerity in his eyes. “Chassidy, will you move to Cali with me?” She looked back at him, dazed and utterly misplaced and then responded.
“Move—here? With you?”
“Yes. With me.”
She lay in the bed, head propped up on two gold, satin pillows, thinking about the question he had just asked her. Moving away from her family is what she needed, but moving in with Kendrick was a whole different ball game. Sure, with him flying in and out of her state, things were going good, but what happens when you are in the same house as your lover every damn day? Is this really what she wanted? Damn right it was! He was her first and he wanted to be her only. He rubbed her arm to shake her out of her thoughts and pulled her back into reality.
“I’ll take of you, baby. I promise. You won’t have to worry about anything—want for nothing. I got you.”
“Yes, I’ll move with you.”
Flashing a smile that could be seen over the California horizon, he got up and kissed her so deeply that he woke his “friend” back up. It turned him on and made him want her again. He looked down at his growing manhood and back up to Chassidy. He spread her legs again and pushed himself into her love so quickly all she could do was scream his name. They made love over and over that morning before her flight back home; sealing in their lives together.
As they sat outside the airport, Kendrick remembers the box. He happened to grab it while Chassidy was packing her things and decided to bring it with him. Reaching into his left pocket, he revealed the box to Chassidy. “I got this for you. I hope you like it.” He handed her the box and she opened it. Inside was a beautiful 3 carat, diamond ring with an inscription that read: “I love you Lady Kendrick”. She looked up at him and asked, “What is it for? It’s so pretty!”
“It’s my promise to you, baby. I know you’re not ready to marry me yet, but this is to let you know I’m ready—whenever you are.” He took the ring from the box, put it on her finger and kissed her. “I’m gonna miss you.”
“I’m gonna miss you too.”
He got out, walked her into the airport and waited until she boarded her flight to leave.
Scene 19


“I can’t believe this fuckin night, man!” Julian screams. Julian and Jade finally make it back home from the after party; emotions and adrenaline running high. “You just made me the happiest man on earth, Jade. You know that shit?”
Jade glanced over at Julian from the bed as he walked around; a blunt in one hand, his suit still on, tie hanging around his neck and no shoes on. Dress socks still intact. She admired his hands, the way he inhaled the smoke through his mouth and blew it out of his nose. She studied his lips, their movement, and his dimples in his cheeks every time he smiled— her love moistened. Jade knew that the night couldn’t have gone any better and she wanted to make sure that he knew she was appreciative of his dedication to her. He kept his promise to her. She got up, walked over to him and took the blunt out of his hand.
“Let me hold that for you.” Jade asked. She put it out in his black ashtray. He was still ranting about the night, the award and her accepting his proposal. He wasn’t even paying attention to her removing his jacket and unbuckling his pants. She dropped his pants and boxers around his ankles, got on her knees and took all of him into her mouth. “Whoa— fuck baby girl—”
She gripped him with her lips, letting him slide in and out of her mouth until he grew strong and touched the back of her throat. She increased her speed until he stopped her and bent her over backwards. He lifted her dress up and went in her love hard. “Ah—Julian—mmm—you hittin’ my spot—fuck!”
Every time he pushed in, her ass clapped back at him like a gong in a symphonic orchestra. The diamonds on her dress sparkled every time he pushed her forward. He pulled out quickly, laid her on the bed, legs wide open and thrusted back inside her warm, hungry center. “You like this, Jade.”
“Yes— Julian dammit—I love—this —dick—give me—mmm. More.”
“You sure you want this Jade?”
“Yes—I want—all of you—mmm—ah—!”
In the heat of the moment, he asked her, “Have my baby, Jade—” He told her as he slides in and out of her, slowly. Her mind was blown. “You gonna give me a son, Jade?”
“Yeah—Julian—fuck—I’ll give—mmm— oh shit”
He moved in closer to her, giving her wet, chaotic kisses and pushing in and out of her love until she couldn’t take it anymore. She tightened her love around his manhood and he sent her into an orbit full of orgasms. He emptied himself inside of her and lay on her stomach.
“Jade—you know what the fuck just happen right?”
“Yeah, Julian I know.”
“So we in this shit together—meaning fucking forever, Jade. You hear that shit? I ain’t never going nowhere, EVER.”
“I hear you, Julian.”
“I love you, girl.”
“I love you too, Julian.”
Not only did he propose to her in the front of millions of people, he also solidified his bond with her. He loved Jade and she adored him; more than either of them could ever comprehend in this lifetime.
Scene 20


Laying in the dimly lit bedroom on Shawn’s stomach and between his legs, bedsheets covering their bodies, Mariah looked up at Shawn and then put her head back on his stomach. He looked down at her, with his right arms tucked behind the pillow under his head and strokes her hair with his left hand. “What’s wrong babe?”
“Nothing Shawn—that’s the problem. Nothing is wrong”
“Should something be wrong? I mean, help me out here. I don’t get it, babe.”
“Everything is right for a change— in my life, Shawn. Everything is right.”
“It should be. Look at us, babe. We had a great night tonight. Hell, we had a great week. My parents love you—seem like more than they love me,” he said with a slight chuckle. “My siblings think you’re cool. They may try to move you into their home and give you my spare key. You see how everybody was eyeing you down at the awards and the after party? They eating this shit up. I love my girl! They can post that shit on social media.”
“You embarrassed the hell out of me, Shawn—pointing me out in the middle of yo’ damn speech and shit.” she said laughing
“Woman, please! You know you loved it. Besides, the world needs to know how I feel about you. You want me to show you again—?”
“Show me—” she replies. Her intentions clear as the morning rain.
“You serious right now, aren’t you?” Shawn looked at her surprised because he didn’t expect the response she gave. They were both tired and just hadn’t fallen asleep yet but he didn’t know she would be up to the idea of them making love, especially after he called her out in front of millions of people on national TV. With a raised eyebrow and his signature smirk, he slowly turned over so she could lie on her back. Face to face, he looked at her and kissed her until he could feel her body responding to his lips commands. Her muscles slowly relaxed until her legs fell by each side. He slid his hand between her gorgeous legs and introduced his finger to her love.
“Damn, girl. You so wet.” He says
Every time he moved his finger inside her, he watched her response. Her mouth slightly open with every moan she gave. He stares at her. He watched her eyes move from his eyes to his mouth to his eyes back to his smile. Her river flowed down his finger and into his hand; he knew she was ready for him. He slides his finger out. Reaching over to grab the condom from the nightstand, Mariah grabs his hand and says, “Shawn, don’t.”
Surprised and confused by the words that just flew out of her mouth, Shawn replies, “Huh? What you mean, don’t?”
“Don’t use that. I wanna feel you inside me.”
“But Mariah—” His attempts to change her mind seemingly go unfulfilled.
She softly replies again, “Shh—its okay, Shawn.”
“If something goes wrong, Mariah I don’t want you to leave me.”
“If I asked you to do something, don’t you think I’m aware of the consequences? You said you’re not going anywhere—.neither am I.” she reassures him.
His heart told him to go for it. His member throbbed and begged for her love. In his mind he battled. Thoughts of her leaving him, walking away and abandoning his love crushed his soul but then he remembered her. She was everything he’d asked for, prayed for. So he listened to his heart and followed through with her request. He put the condom back and peered into windows of her soul. He leaned in, kissed her and thrusted inside her love. His eyes widened. She gasped loudly at the feeling of him being in her, all of him. It was raw, wet, hard and satisfying. This time around, they would feel something much deeper than love making. Their bodies and spirits would be tied together tighter than the strings on his Jordan’s.
She opened her mouth and sounds of promise poured out. She wanted more so she asked, “mmm—Shawn—go deeper—”
He consented to her and then responded, “Ah—damn! Mariah—shit feels so fuckin good girl—oh fuck.”
“Deeper Shawn—go there.”
“Like that—” he pushed in deeper, harder, fulfilling her wishes.
“Ah—Yes—just like—ahh—that—mmm.”
His mind quickly revisits the pre-dialogue. “Fuck Mariah—I don’t—I don’t wanna lose you—” He states
But Mariah assured him again, “You got me, Shawn.”
He thrusts in and out, aggressively. Then he released so thunderously inside her love that it frightened her. He looked at Mariah and utters, “I’m sorry babe. I didn’t—I didn’t mean to—I’m sorry.” He didn’t want her to get pregnant but he also wanted to oblige her. He loved her more than any other women he had ever been with and it felt good, too damn good to be inside her, feeling all of her walls closing in on him. She was so good to him that he thought she would find someone else that could satisfy her the way that she desired, someone better than his potential. But she assured him that nothing and no one else mattered to her more than him.
“No, Shawn—don’t be sorry. I wanted it. I wanted you. I love you.”
“I love you too, Mariah. Whatever happens, please don’t leave me.” He replies. Shawn knew love. He’d experienced it before, but usually when his relationships hit this level, the girl always leaves him after they’ve drained him for his money, fame and connections. Mariah was different. Again, she had everything any woman could ever want but it was Shawn that she needed in her life.
Scene 21


After a long, demanding and eventful time in Vegas, Alec and Elan were reluctant to get back to life and the real world called work. Even though they had some personal difficulties when they first arrived, time patience and love were definitely on their side. Alec was finally able to see Elan for the woman he fell in love with and Elan—.well, let’s just say more than walls of hurt, pain and fear were broken down.
The love making sessions and memories that they created in Vegas were nothing short of amazing. From shutting down clubs to cleaning out the Versace store, they definitely had a remarkable time. Before check out time, Elan wanted to share something with Alec. Something he would definitely want to hear. Elan stood in the bathroom looking in the mirror, staring at her bronze-brown skin and her long sundress. “Hey babe”
“Yeah” He responded.
“Can you come here for a minute?”
“Hold on a second. Let me put these clothes in the suitcase real quick.” He walked over and stood in front of the bathroom door. “What’s up?”
She turned to face him, holding her lip liner in her right hand. “You know, I really had a great time with you these past few days. I just wanted to thank you for bringing me out here and thinking enough of our relationship to want to help me be all that I can for you.”
He smiled. “Hey! It’s what I do, babe; anything to keep a smile on your face.”
“No, see Alec, I don’t think you understand what I’m saying.” She walked out of the bathroom and pushed him gently to the bed. She dropped the lip liner on the floor and straddled him on the bed. His big, brown eyes lit up and his strong hands made their way around her waist. She cradled his head in her soft hands and peered down into his eyes. She interlocked her lips with his and their tongues held a sweet conversation. “I’m really, REALLY glad we came here.”
As his hands slid up and down the back of her sundress, their kisses grew more intense by the second and his manhood now standing at full attention. Between every movement of his lips he said to her, “This is the Elan I’ve been waiting on since we been here. The fun, spontaneous woman I met a long time ago. Thank you for showing up.”
“Spontaneous, huh.” Elan replied. She reached down and unzipped his pants, revealing his strong manhood. He lifted her up just enough to bring her dress up and move her panties to the side. He slid his strong manhood into her welcoming center like the perfect piece to her soaked puzzle. “Ah—Alec—mmm—mmm—” She moaned. Both of their minds were overcome by the aura of their love, her arms tightly cuff around his perfect body as she moved up and down. Like waterfalls give life to rivers and streams, her center gave ecstasy to his mind and his body. He dug deeper inside her; his hands firmly gripping her hips. She moaned in acceptance of his love.
“Take it, Elan— Take it, baby.”
“Ah—Alec!” She screamed. Her voice strained with ecstasy.
His hands planted on her thighs, gripping her tight, guiding her movements. He responds, “It’s yours, baby—.you just—gotta—take it.”
“mmm—ahh—yes—mmm—”
The deeper he went, the fainter her breaths became; giving a mixture of moans and cries for more. The rhythm of their bodies together caused Elan to ride waves of orgasms as he released himself inside her. His sweaty forehead rested on her shoulder while he attempted to catch his breath. She kissed and sucked his neck, leaving trails of territorial symbols signifying her presence on his body.
Scene 22


Bags packed with her cell phone in her left hand, Tisha waited for her flight number to be called while vivid thoughts of her conversation with Elijah floated through her mind. She was intrigued by him. He was different. He wasn’t so far in the clouds of fame that he couldn’t come down and be normal. He was genuinely interested in her. Getting caught up in her thoughts, she felt the smooth vibrations of her cell phone in her pocket. She pulled out her phone and Elijah’s name flashed across the screen. She smiled and read the message.
“Today is both a sad and happy occasion: sad b/c you’re leaving LA and happy b/c you left me a piece of your heart. Safe travels, Miss Lady.”
In a matter of a day, he learned how to pull on the strings of her heart. His words were like lyrics to her beat of choice. Over the loud speaker a voice rang out, “Flight boarding to Miami, FL,” her flight was being called. She grabbed her bags and headed for the plane, taking her memories of Elijah and their time in LA with her. Once she got back in Miami, she texted Elijah to let him know that she’d arrived safely. Over the next five months, their text conversations turned into long nights of FaceTime dates. He always checked in with her, between meetings, filming and photoshoots.
He cared about her, in more ways than Brandon could ever share to care. One night, during their FaceTime conversations, Elijah peered into the screen; big, bright smile and glaring brown eyes. “So, I know we’ve been talking for a while now and I’m kinda getting tired of this FaceTime thing. I know we’re both busy people, but girl I gotta tell you, I need to see you.”
“Well Eli, all you had to do was ask.” She replied sarcastically. “Listen; come see me—this weekend— I want to show you how a real man treats his woman. I’ll send you the ticket. All you have to do is get here.”
“This weekend—sure I can make it.”
“Then it’s settled. I’ll see you this weekend.”
A little after two in the morning, their conversation ended. Lying on his back with his left hand behind his head, he daydreamed of their interactions. His hands softly caressed her back while she kissed his lips caused his manhood to rapidly awake from its slumber. Vivid thoughts of her body lying bare before him, her legs spread like the wings of an eagle; his right hand drifted inside his pants and slowly stroked his manhood. The thought of her voice softly speaking his name caused him to move up and down, squeezing tighter as his lips tasted hers in his mind. He wanted her, needed her but in this moment, she was just a blistering memory. He suddenly stopped. “No Eli—man—shit! I can’t do this. I gotta wait for her.” He says to himself. While is body wanted sex, his mind wanted her love. Between the two, he would give her all of what he had: body, mind and soul.

Waddling through the house looking for her glasses, Sasha managed to miss a call from Chauncey. “Oh shit—let me see what voicemail he left today.”
“Hey love, it’s me. Call me back when you get this message.”
“He sounds concerned and worried—let me call him back.” With her mind in a state of confusion about his tone and the thought of her glasses gone missing again, she dialed his number back. “Hello?”
“Hey love, I missed your call. I couldn’t find my glasses.”
“Hey babe— listen. I wanna talk to you about something. Can you sit down for a minute?”
“Sure. What is it?” She sat down on the sofa, attempting to cross her legs but ultimately giving up after a few tries.
“This back and forth traveling—it’s a lot on the both of us. I know you have your job and businesses going on there—and I know your family is closer to you there—but baby, I was thinking about—well, not thinking but—fuck it! Will you move here with me? You and the baby—so we can be a family, together—in one damn house. I’m promise I’ll take care of you.”
With the phone attached to her ear, she looked down at her belly and responded, “I love you, Chauncey. And nothing would make me happier than to be with you every day but you know I don’t believe in shacking up—.and I know we did things out of order here but—and who’s going to move all this stuff? There is a baby in here, you know?”
“So, is that a yes or no?”
“Can we talk about it a little more when you come tomorrow for the baby reveal?”
“Yeah, we can but I really want this, Sasha.”
“I know, Chauncey. I know.”
They hung up the phone and she found her glasses—sitting right on her face. He sat on the other end of the phone, disappointed and worried. He didn’t want to be that father that popped in and out of his child’s life because of “work”. He wanted to be present for every moment. The laughs, first walks, the cries, first dance, first day of school—everything. But with her being in Florida and him in New York, that would be impossible to do. He had to figure something out and do it fast.
Scene 23


Chauncey caught a flight to Florida with one thing in mind: getting his woman and his baby in New York to live with him for good. His plane landed and Sasha was there to pick him up. Right on schedule. Before they got back to her house, they had to make a stop at the doctor’s office to see if they would be purchasing toy trucks and hues of blue or baby dolls and dresses. They both were nervous. Chauncey wanted a son and Sasha—well she doesn’t care as long as the baby is healthy.
As they drove into the parking lot of the doctor’s office and turned the car off, he gripped the rim of his black hat and let out a long, exhausting sigh. Sasha takes notice of his unspoken emotions and asks, “What’s wrong, Chauncey? You’ve been quiet this whole ride. Talk to me baby.”
“It’s nothing, love—seriously.” He responds.
She looked at him, knowing he wasn’t giving her the real truth and just replied, “okay”. She knew something was wrong. His whole demeanor changed. He looked overcome with worry and doubt but he didn’t know that she had mastered his body language. They exited the car and went inside. Sasha went to the front desk to check-in. Chauncey sat in a chair with one hand in his pocket and the other rubbing his face. She came and sat next to him after she was done. He reached over and touched her stomach and the baby kicked him.
“Our baby is abusing me already,” he said with a worried chuckle.
The nurse called their names and to the back they drifted. Feet up in stirrups, legs falling to the waist side the doctor slowly checked the position of the baby and made sure everything was still in place. He placed the cold jelly on her stomach and turned the screen towards them so that they could see the wonderful image of their child.
“If you look right here, you’ll see that you guys have a little guy in there. Congratulations.”
With tear-filled eyes, Chauncey looked down at Sasha and kissed her. “Thank you,” he told her.
They finished up inside and left. When they got back to her house, he sat on the sofa, leaning on his left hand and asked her again. “Have you given it any thought—you know about what we talked about yesterday?”
“Actually, Chauncey I did. I don’t want to have our family in two different cities. So, yes I will move to New York with you. ”
So overcome with emotion, he bent over on the sofa and let soft tears flow from his eyes onto the cushions. He was content. Chauncey sat up on the sofa and wiped away his hot tears. He reached into his left pocket, pulled out a black ring box and fell the floor on both knees. Extending his arms out towards her, he asked, “Say you’ll marry me, Sasha.”
His tears caused her to cry. Never in a million years would she have imagined this moment, with this man and their baby. “Yes Chauncey—hell yeah! I’ll marry you.

Her arrival to New York was a little rocky. Loud babies and germ filled passengers made it hard to keep a focused mind. Fresh off the plane, she let out a sigh of relief; Eclectic people passing by her as she searched for him throughout the airport. She grabbed her luggage and went outside; still no trace of Elijah so she began to worry. She grabbed her phone from her purse to check the time. As soon as she looked up he was standing in her face. Tisha screamed.
“Don’t scare me like that!”
“Aww, baby—I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you,” he replied. He wrapped his arms around her and let his lips do the explaining. Her body quickly became at ease. He grabbed her bags, put them in the car and they rode off into the New York streets. Beautiful trees lined the streets of his neighborhood. The brown, orange and red leaves falling to the ground while the wind whistled through them. They arrived to his place.
“Your home is—beautiful. It’s almost exactly how I imagined it would be.”
“Thank you, baby— Listen. I have a great night planned for us. You can go rest up if you want to. The bedroom is straight to the back.”
“Great night, huh? I’m excited now.” She went back to his room, took a shower and a nap. While she slept, he walked to the back and peaked in the room to make sure she was okay. “She’s sleeping so peaceful.” He said as he closed the door and hurried back to the kitchen. A few hours later, a strong, sexy aroma coming from the kitchen awakes her. She got up and followed the captivating scent into the kitchen. Standing in the center of the kitchen in black jeans, a black button down dress shirt with the top button showing a glimpse of his heavenly molded chest and a black apron tied around his waist, he dressed the dinner plates that were laid out on the table. As he stood back, admiring his creation, he looked up and noticed Tisha standing there watching him fall in love with his craft.
The aroma glides past her nostrils as she speaks, “Oh my God, Elijah! The food smells amazing.”
“Thanks baby. Just wait until you taste it. Do me a favor. Look in the guest room. There’s something in there for you.” He responds.
Tisha slowly walked back down the hallway and went into the guest room. Sitting on the footrest was a large black box wrapped in red ribbon with a note attached to it. The note read: “For a very special lady”. She opened the box and in it was a long black dress, shoes and jewelry to match. She stepped back in the hallways and yelled, “Elijah! What is this for? Why’d you do this? Can you hear me?”
He walked into the room with a spoon in his right hand and stood so close to her she felt claustrophobic. He kissed her and said, “It’s my gift to you for tomorrow night. I hope you like it.”
“Tomorrow night? It’s beautiful. I love it!”
“Just like you. Listen, dinner is ready. Bring your hips back to the dining area.” They went back into the dining area and had dinner with some old school R&B playing in the background. The food was amazing as only Elijah could make it. Steamed lobster tails were his specialty. Cooking was his passion; his outlet.
“Baby—you really outdid yourself in the kitchen. I didn’t know a man could cook like that.”
He smiled and said, “Thank you baby. I told you—I gets down in the kitchen—but wait. I have something else for you to taste.” He went into the kitchen and came back with strawberry-filled, chocolate covered petite fours on a white octagon-shaped saucer. “Here—try this.” He picked one up and fed it to her. “Wow! That’s really good.”
He put the plate down, grabbed her hand and led her to the living room. “Dance with me.” His hands wrapped around her waist and her head buried in his chest, they slowly danced to the faint sounds of the New York night outside and smooth rhythms from Jodeci coming from the speakers for what seem to be a lifetime. “I’m so glad to have you here—in my space, finally. I’ve never missed anyone as much as I missed you—and I gotta say girl, I think I’m falling in love with you—and I don’t know how to stop it. I don’t think I wanna stop it.”
“Why would you want to stop love, Elijah? Just let it happen.”
“You’re right—just let it happen.” He replied. They danced. The night was young. Their bodies were thirsty, but they both knew that there was more to explore as their time together in his neck of the woods would soon wind down like the long hand on a clock. They savored this night. The smell of the sweetness from the crafty dessert and hearty dinner prepared by Elijah mingled with the scent of her hair and his clothes.
His hands roamed her body like a visitor who had been living in a city too long. He was familiar with her even though time passed between their first encounter. She felt safe in his arms. Not too hard, not too soft but just enough of both muscle and flesh to close her in like a security fence. He pulled back from her, just enough for his big brown eyes to stare into her soft light-brown eyes. His body didn’t want to linger any longer in their game of dancing. Elijah desired to dine inside her body, to sip from her cup of warmth.
“Is there something wrong, Eli?” she asked as her eyes searched his face for a sign.
“No, there’s nothing wrong. I just wanted to look at you. Come with me.”
He took Tisha’s hand and led her back to the bedroom. He kissed her lips again and again. The warmth of their kisses made his manhood strong and ready. He moved down to her neck, shoulders and back up to her lips. “Let me make love to you baby—I need you.” Letting her guard down like the door to a garage, she allowed him access to everything that she was in that moment. “Can I—Can I make love to you, baby?” He asked again as their kisses rapidly aroused him.
“Yes —” with her mouth and her body, she responded.
He slowly undressed her; making sure to pay attention to every detail of her beautiful body. The way her nipples perked up as he stroked them with his tongue. He sucked and rubbed them like a baby thirsty for his meal. The more he sucked and licked, the more her center dripped for his longing. He laid her on the bed, spread her legs and tasted her center. Her moans excited him even the more. The more he pleasured her with his tongue, the more she desired the length and width of him inside her. He looked up at her while she was in mid moan and smiled. His manhood was ready—hungry and thirsty for the drink she had between her legs, ready to pour.
He reached over and grabbed a condom. They traded wet, steamy kisses back and forth as he applied the condom. He looked her in the eyes and whispered, “I’ve been waiting for this moment.” Her legs opened, welcoming him into her humble abode and he gave her the full length of him.
“Ah—God—yes—mmm—mmm—.”
Tisha responded to his gift of pleasure. Gasping and moaning, they enveloped a moment of loves’ give and take.
“Tisha—baby,” He called out to her, panting and desiring to be completely one with her.
“God, Elijah—baby—ahh—”
The more she moaned, the more he delivered long, sensual strokes to her center. He gripped her thighs, feeling the warmth of her skin enclosed in his hands and pushed himself even deeper as she screamed in ecstasy for him to stay there, love there in the center of her love; banging on her walls. He pushed harder, faster causing her walls to come crashing down around his manhood as he created a chaotic symphony inside her warmth. Their damp bodies lay there in the bed, drained of pleasure, basking in the moment.
Scene 24


Standing in a room full of boxes, faces covered in exhaustion and hunger, Chauncey and I decided to finish unpacking my things after we ate and had a nap. It had been two weeks since I moved to New York. I’m still getting use to the weather, the horrible traffic and loud noise at night but one thing was sure, Chauncey was there to help every step of the way. Nine months of carrying our baby was definitely taking a toll on my body and we both were ready for him to make his grand entrance into the world.
Chauncey spent a month before my arrival getting the room ready for the baby: Putting together the crib, painting and decorating everything. Hues of blues, greens and grays cemented throughout baby Chauncey’s room. We ate quickly and passed out in the bed as the sun went down on their aspirations. A few hours later, I woke up to find Chauncey back at it again; unpacking and sorting things out. Peaking around the corner, she saw the look of fatigue and excitement all over his countenance.
“Babe, come back to bed. You’re tired. We can finish this tomorrow, seriously.” He told me. But did I listen? Of course not. My response was typical because I had to have everything in its rightful place being the semi perfectionist that I am. He bared the same trait. Our son would inherit it.
“Nah, I wanna get it done and out of the way so we won’t have to worry about it tomorrow. It’s really only a little bit left anyways. I can fold these boxes up right here and throw them outside.”
I waddled over to him and caressed his face. “Chauncey, you’re tired and you’re making me tired watching you.”
“Well, stop watching me then,” He said with a laugh
“Really?” I responded sarcastically. I kicked a few empty boxes and cleared some of the space around him.
“Move woman! You’re in my space. You see this here? This is a man’s job.” His words filled with more testosterone than I could digest considering I had a little cocky one baking in the oven.
“Unpacking is a man’s job, Chauncey? Whatever. .. I’m going back to bed.”
“I’ll be back there shortly, aight? Just give me a little more time out here.”
Chauncey finished unpacking the boxes, breaking them down and discarding them outside, as promised. He came back to bedroom and joined me in bed. Lying next to me, unable to cozy up to me like he normally does, he just placed his arm across my belly and kissed me lightly. My eyes opened, lashes fanned out a few times and then I looked right into his.
“About time you came back to bed.”
“Sasha it’s only been 30 minutes.” He said with a chuckle
“That’s it? Damn it feels like I’ve been sleep for hours.” I licked my lips and the residue of his still resided. Taste just like candy. I asked, “I like that kiss you just gave me. Kiss me again.”
“You mean, like this?” His lips met with my lips once again. I rubbed his well-groomed head down to his perfectly lined face causing his manhood to gain strength up against my thigh.
“Chauncey, can we— well, do you feel up to—?”
“You sure you want to? I’m always ready for you. Just say the words.”
“Baby—” I whispered to my love, “Let’s make love.”
“How are we gonna do this?”
“I got this. Let me take you for a ride.”
Clothing quickly flying from under the covers and landing on the floor, he lay on his back and allowed my love to make contact with his strong and steady manhood. “Mmm—baby,” I moaned as my thighs made conversations with his.
I have to admit, this chocolate man made my everything respond to him in ways Yoga classes wouldn’t be able to articulate. Slowly he pushed in and out of me, carefully allowing me to greet his strokes properly.
“Ooh—mmm—ahh—Chauncey.”
“Am I hurting you, babe?”
“No—ahh—not—at—mmm—all. Go deeper.”
“Deeper—mmm—shit—” He carefully stroked me deeply as I requested. Minds clouded by our intense encounter, the sweet aroma from our bodies filled the room. While we made love, thoughts of our journey swept across his memory. He watched my body go from a brick house to this pregnant wobbly creature but he loved me even the more and in this moment he found me at my most sexy and attractive state. He grabbed my waist firmly and pushed in all of himself until we both climaxed. He released himself inside of me. Sweat dripping from his face and mine, we lay together, in love and sexually fulfilled. Later that night, I went into labor, bringing a healthy, handsome baby born into the world: Chauncey Hill, Jr. 6 pounds, 7ounces, and 21 inches long.
Some say it was our love making that caused his grand entrance, but I like to think it was our love that caused his conception, our dedication to see him develop and the unspoken promises that we made to each other. Some of these same unspoken promises that would soon to be resurrected in Jade and Julian’s upcoming wedding. New Orleans is in our future.

###

Thank you so much for reading my book. If you enjoyed reading, please take a brief moment and tell me all about it by leaving a review at your favorite retailer. Be sure to spread the love, tell all of your friends and go get the trilogy titled: It was all a dream!

-xoxo
Racq Symphony
About Racq Symphony


Racq Symphony was born in the 80’s and developed a passion for writing short stories, screen plays and books that possess movie-like fluidity while in middle school. Later in life, she put down her gift of writing to raise her daughter. She moved to Florida to go to school. She obtained several degrees; none of which satisfied her writing thirst. In late 2015 thanks to her S.O.C sisters and best friend, Racq regained her passion for writing and began writing erotica fiction stories with movie-like fluidity again.
Other books by Racq Symphony


Love’s Abyss
Connect with Racq Symphony


Website: http://racqsymphony.wix.com/symphonybooks
Facebook: www.facebook.com/racqsymphony
Twitter: www.twitter.com/racq_symphony
Smashwords author page:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/racqsymphony16
Email: RacqSymphony@gmail.com
