Revenge is Sweet ,
But Love is Amazing
By  
Mary Tribbey
Copyright 2013  Mary Tribbey
Smashwords Edition
ISBN:

Smashwords Edition, License Notes:
Thank you for downloading this free book.  Although it is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, copied or distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com where they can also discover other works by this author.  Thank you for your support and for respecting the hard work of this author.

Table of Contents
Chapter 1 
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Book Notes
Author Notes
Other Books by Author
Revenge is Sweet, But Love is Amazing
Chapter 1
A gentle ocean breeze ruffled the pages of the small hand-copied prayer book resting on Laura’s lap.  Although her head was bent down as though reading, her mind had wandered far away from the meaning of the intricate figures before her eyes.
So much had happened in her life during the last six months, and Laura’s mind replayed the events once again.  Her life before then had progressed normally for the only daughter of Baron Nivelon of Tres Mortes.  Although her mother had died during the time of great sickness that had spread across the countryside when she was barely ten years old, her life had been filled since then with the love and concern of her father and of the kind Seneschal, who supervised the daily management of the estate, and the strict spiritual guidance of Father Gregory.  
Like a daughter of most nobles, she had been well-schooled in all the homemaking arts she would need for the running of a barony after her inevitable marriage to a suitable nobleman.  She had also learned to sing and play the lute, had mastered a good game of backgammon and chess, and the basics of riding and falconry.  She was modest, chaste, and knew the proper way to eat, talk, and behave.  She had been trained in the art of binding and treating wounds, and she knew the secrets of some of the healing herbs.  Unlike most girls of her time, she had also learned how to read and write well, even knowing some Latin and Greek as well as her own language.
She was gentle and mild tempered with all people, yet she was aware of her place in the order of life.  With each passing year, she had grown sweeter in disposition and lovelier to look upon.  One day she would become the mistress of Tres Mortes or some other barony upon her marriage.  That was what was expected of the daughter of a Baron in 1249.
More than a year ago, her father had joined forces with Duke Raymond of Sorvienne and a large company of other knights, squires, and serfs who had gone on the Great Crusade to rescue the Holy Land from the Infidels.
With her father gone, Laura’s life had been lonelier, but things had gone on much as they always had.  Her father’s trusted Seneschal, an old and loyal knight, had run the barony in his absence until messengers returning from the Crusades brought news of the bitter fighting and of the death of her father, Baron Nivelon, in a battle near Jerusalem.  After her father’s death, the Suzerain to whom her father had pledged his loyalty and service complained that he had been injured because there was no male heir to perform armed service in his defense.  By the rights of supremacy, the Suzerain appointed a new castellan to take control of the Barony of Tres Mortes.  As the orphaned daughter of the Baron, she had no choice but to go wherever the Suzerain sent her.  In a short time, Laura had been sent to live at the great castle of St. Valery until she came to a marriageable age.
Life was pleasant enough at St. Valery, but Laura had never felt lonelier or sadder.  Like her own father, Baron Robert of St. Valery had gone to the Crusades some years before leaving his younger brother Arnulfo in charge of the Barony until his return or until his son Jason should reach full age, become a Knight, and assume his rightful inheritance.
Of all the inhabitants of St. Valery, Laura felt most at ease with Jason.  Because of his father’s absence, he seemed to understand better than the others the lonely fearfulness of her situation.  Jason, two years older than Laura, was nearly seventeen when Laura first came to live at St. Valery. When they met, he saw that she was timid and somewhat shy and fearful.  Gradually he earned her trust and friendship.  Laura, at fifteen, was just beginning to change from a girl into a young woman.  Her figure, still slim and small, just hinted at the beauty she would soon become.  Her eyes were the blue-green color of the sea which ebbed and flowed on the other side of the steep walls surrounding the great keep tower and the baron’s grand palace.  Her hair, the color of the morning sun, hung in front of her shoulders in two long braids which she carefully combed and intertwined with delicate red and gold ribbons each morning.  Her skin, smooth as alabaster, was the color of cream touched with honey.  Her lips were small and red.  Her voice was soft, clear, and melodious whether speaking or singing with her lute.
Underneath the outer shell of beauty lay great depths of gentle goodness.  Over the months that she had lived at St. Valery, she had impressed young and old, noble and vassal alike with her quiet good manners.  She was polite and spoke kindly to all people who lived at the castle.
When Laura was not attending to her duties and lessons, she spent much of her time in the quiet inner garden.  There she studied her prayers, stitched delicate embroidery work, or helped with the constant mending and sewing that needed to be done for the residents of the castle.
After the noon meal had been served in the great hall and all had eaten their fill and returned to their work or leisure as suited their rank and occupation, Laura had, as usual, withdrawn from the others.  She took her prayer book to a semi-shaded bench in the inner garden.  The breeze rustling the pages again brought her back to the present moment.  Laura slipped a folded piece of paper inside to mark her place and quietly closed the book.  A soft sigh escaped her lips, and she felt tears forming in her eyes.  Her father had been so proud of her learning to read and write that he had given the monks a large sum of money to buy the prayer book for her.  Holding it reminded her of her father’s love.  The thought of her father comforted her, and yet saddened her at the same time.  She mourned the fact that she would never see his face again in this lifetime.  Her faith in God comforted her as she prayed that they would be reunited one day in heaven.
Looking up, Laura saw Anne, one of the pucelles, young women who served the higher-born noblewomen, approaching the bench.  As the daughter of a lesser nobleman, Anne stayed at the Baron’s castle and waited on the noble ladies in much the same way that the sons of other lesser nobles served the Baron while being trained for knighthood.  The young serving girls were trained in the same manner as the noble’s daughters until suitable marriages could be arranged for them.  Anne had lived and trained at St. Valery for seven years.  Her current duties were to act as personal chambermaid and attendant to Laura.
“Do you want me to bring the gown you were embroidering yesterday?” Anne asked curtly.
“Yes, you might as well.  I cannot seem to keep my mind on my book today.  The air is so fresh and even the birds’ songs seem to pull my attention away.  At least when I am sewing, my hands are occupied, even if my thoughts travel elsewhere,” Laura answered.
“Did you hear that Baron Arnulfo hung two more serfs today?  It is said they robbed some merchants on their way to the trade fair,” Anne added.
“How many does that make?  It seems each day we hear of more and more being tortured or hung.  Was the proof against them that strong?” Laura asked.
Anne shrugged her shoulders.  “We never heard the proof.  Once Arnulfo is convinced you are guilty, nothing changes his mind,” Anne added anxiously.
Laura watched Anne turn and walk across the garden towards her chamber in the right corner of the tower.  Anne’s gown, her outer gown, in the deep green color of St. Valery’s estate hung loosely over a saffron colored slip and chemise.  An embroidered sash pulled it in at her waistline.
“Green is the perfect hue for Anne’s coloring,” Laura thought as Anne disappeared into the castle gate. “I wish I understood Anne better.  She always seems distant and unhappy with me, almost angry sometimes, although I don’t know of any reason why she should be upset with me.  I’ve never spoken harshly to her.  I’ve never hurt her or even tried to hurt her, and I try hard not to be cross and order her around like some of the others do.  Maybe it is just my loneliness and melancholy mood that makes me feel this way about her,” Laura sighed to herself.
Although Anne was barely two years older than Laura, her figure had already filled out into a well-rounded woman’s shape.  She was taller and much darker than Laura.  Anne’s hair was a warm chestnut brown and framed her small round face, accenting her deep brown eyes and her rich olive-colored skin.  She was robust and earthy when compared to Laura’s pale, delicate features.
Many a young squire had cast longing eyes at Anne as she walked along the manor halls.  It was even rumored that Arnulfo had remarked recently about her new maturity and good looks, but there was only one person in the castle that Anne would have eagerly encouraged.  For more than a year now, Anne had secretly sighed with love and longing for Jason, although she was not of high enough rank to be a suitable marriage choice for the son of the Baron.  The sight of him or the sound of his voice sent little shivery feelings up her spine.  Each day she tried to find a way to arrange a moment when she could be near him--a chance encounter in the hallway before dinner, a shared bit of gossip, a game of chess or backgammon, or even just watching him as he practiced riding or jousting in the lists.  Although Anne knew her family wasn’t nearly as rich or as powerful as Jason’s, her secret dream was to wed him and become Baroness of St. Valery when he came into his rightful inheritance.  Such thoughts at night prayers often brought a rush of color into her cheeks.
Anne muttered angrily to herself as she walked to Laura’s bedchamber to retrieve the garment Laura had been embroidering.  “If only she had not come here to live, Jason would probably have fallen in love with me by now.  The other squires tease and flirt with me, but since she arrived, Jason notices only her.  It makes me sick to see how he goes out of his way to talk to her.  Now he spends all his free-time playing chess with her instead of me.  Can’t he see what a child she is!  Always so quiet and crying when she thinks no one is looking.  How can he be so blind!  Why doesn’t he love me?”
While Anne was walking back towards the garden, she saw a figure in a crimson tunic striding towards the bench where Laura was still seated.  She stopped as if in a trance, wanting to move, but too sick at heart to do anything but watch them.  From any distance Anne could recognize the walk, the build, the form of Jason.  His blond hair shone in the afternoon sunlight.  No other squire in the whole castle had such a tall, well-built body as him.  Even though he had not reached full growth, he stood nearly six feet tall.  His arms were already strong enough to unseat all the other squires when jousting.
Anne was not close enough to actually see his eyes, but she could picture their penetrating blue color and the way they seemed to lighten when he laughed or darken when he was angry.
Jason stood for a moment towering above Laura’s seated form.  Anne saw the way Laura glanced up at him with a smile.  When Jason spoke, she heard their laughter and jealousy cut into her heart like a knife.
After talking for a minute, Jason held out his hand to help Laura stand up.  Together, they walked down a shady pathway towards the castle’s outer wall.  Anne quickly moved across the open space and followed closely behind them, being sure to always stay hidden in the shadows, but close enough to see and hear them both.
Jason walked beside Laura and talked freely to her, telling her stories of the history of St. Valery and of his family.  He spoke with open love of his mother who had died several years before and of his father whom he loved and missed very much.  Anne, from across the garden, noticed that Laura’s normal sadness seemed to have vanished, and she often looked up at Jason with a fleeting smile.
“I saw you writing this morning after the others had gone in from the Mass.  Tell me what you were writing that seemed to absorb so much of your thoughts,” Jason said.
Laura blushed lightly and turned her face away for a moment to try to compose herself.  “I was only writing my thoughts, Jason.  I couldn’t tell you what they are,” Laura replied shyly.
“I thought you were my friend.  Aren’t friends supposed to confide in each other?” he teased.
“You are my friend, my very best friend, here at St. Valery, but I can’t tell you,” Laura stammered.
“Yes, you will, Laura, or I shall catch you and tickle you until you confess,” Jason teasingly threatened.
Laura darted away. “You’ll have to catch me first.  I’ll not tell you anything,” she shouted back over her shoulder.
Dodging first one way, then the other, they darted down the pathway.  Jason lunged for Laura.  Laura sidestepped quickly and Jason went sprawling past her onto the grass near her feet.  With a giggle, Laura rushed away to hide behind a thick hedge.
Anne followed silently behind them, anger and jealousy filling her heart.  “Before Laura came, Jason used to tease me and play a spirited game of tag with me,” she fumed angrily.  “How can he be doing this with that mousey little girl?” she raged.
Jason wandered over to stand near the hedge where Laura was hiding.  Looking around quickly, he caught a glimpse of the blue hem of the gown she was wearing today, but he pretended not to have seen anything.  “I see you over there by those rocks,” he called out pretending to move past the hedge.  Turning quickly, he made a diving leap towards Laura.  Catching her off guard, they both tumbled down in a heap onto the soft mossy carpet of leaves and grass growing behind the bushes. 
From her hiding place, Anne could clearly hear their laughter and see them wrestling on the ground.
“Jason, please don’t tickle me,” Laura squealed.  “You know how ticklish I am.”
“Tell me now or I’ll do something to make you tell,” Jason said with a chuckle at her feeble struggles.
“No, I won’t ever tell you, and you can’t make me,” Laura taunted him with a giggle. 
Anne heard Laura’s laughing and giggling until she gasped out, “I give up, Jason.  Please stop! I can barely breathe.  You’re squashing me,” Laura cried breathlessly.
Looking through the dense foliage, Anne saw Jason lying almost on top of Laura.  His hands were on her shoulders, holding her down.
“Tell me,” he demanded again.
“Jason, I was trying to write a poem for you, because you are my dearest friend.   It isn’t finished yet.  Please don’t make me tell anything more,” she whispered hoarsely.
Jason looked down at Laura’s flushed face.  Anne watched until she saw Jason slowly lower his head down towards Laura and his lips covered hers.  For a while, there was no sound except for the wind rustling through the leaves in the treetops as Jason’s mouth pressed gently, but firmly against Laura’s lips.  Jason’s body covered hers. Without even realizing she was doing it, Laura’s arms slipped around Jason’s neck, and she felt the sweet thrill and delight of her first kiss.
When Jason slowly lifted his mouth away from hers, Laura blushed and tried to turn her face away.  She felt confused and frightened by the feelings he was arousing in her.  She tried to twist free, but his hands held her shoulders, while the expression in his piercing blue eyes held her spellbound.
“Please, Jason,” she whispered in a strange thick voice, “you must let me go.  This isn’t right.”
“Laura, I won’t let you go unless you promise to meet me tonight and read me what you have written,” Jason answered.
“No, Jason, please don’t ask me that,” she begged.
“Then I shall have to kiss you again and again until you agree to come,” he threatened.  He started to move in towards her mouth again.  Laura tried to turn away, but his lips found hers again with more force and insistence.  His tongue teased her lips apart, and his tongue moved into her mouth, gently probing its sweetness.  Laura was overcome by the feeling his kiss was arousing in her body.  She moved her arms around his shoulders and she returned his embrace and kiss, holding him against her small firm breasts.
When he released his hold on her mouth, Laura gasped, her body trembling with emotion.  “No, Jason, please no more,” she cried alarmed by the feelings surging through her body.
“Then promise me upon your word that you will meet me at the corner gate into the garden after the night call is sounded.  Promise me, or I won’t let you go at all,” he threatened moving closer to her again.
“All right, Jason.  I promise,” she whispered quickly.
Anne’s eyes were too filled with tears to see any more, and her heart was aching too much to stay where she was any longer.  She quietly crept away.  Hurrying back to the bench, she threw Laura’s sewing on it and was deeply pleased to see the prayer book and sewing both fall to the ground.  When she bent to pick them up, a small scrap of paper fell out of the book.
Anne glanced at the words on it, folded it, put it into her pocket, and hurried away.  Once safely in her chamber, she sobbed for several minutes.  As the pain eased, she was filled with deep, terrible anger and hatred.  Unfolding the paper, she read the words again:  
“If I could write the glory of your eyes,
And in fresh numbers list all of your grace
Then times to come would say I was a liar
Unless they could see your handsome face;”
“How dare she come and steal away Jason’s love!  How cunningly she snared him with her sighs and pretended melancholy.  She’ll pay for my tears.  If I take this verse and information to Arnulfo, he’ll put a stop to their secret meetings and kisses.  She’ll pay dearly for her kisses,” Anne fumed.  She slipped the poem into her pocket and rushed out determined to find Arnulfo.
In the garden, Jason gently helped Laura to her feet.  For a long moment, he continued to hold her close, until she gently pushed him away.  She blushed and looked down.  Jason lifted her chin until she was looking into his eyes.  “Don’t forget your promise to meet me tonight, Laura,” he reminded her.
She turned and hurried back to the bench.  Her heart was pounding with the memory of Jason’s kiss.  She picked up the garment and tried to force herself to calm down.  “Stitch slowly and carefully,” she told herself sternly, although her hands still trembled and her heart raced wildly.  After a few minutes of trying to work, she picked up her prayer book and her sewing and walked quickly up to her chamber in the tower
Chapter 2
After Jason watched Laura hurry back to the garden bench and her sewing, he wandered to the far end of the garden pathway.  He climbed over some large rocks until he reached a sheltered place where the steep castle wall was shaded by a giant chestnut tree.  Walking quickly under its drooping branches, he touched a loose block, and a hidden doorway opened to let him enter.  After he closed the door, he stood silently waiting for his eyes to adjust to the dim light. Small gaps between some of the huge blocks that made up the grand keep tower and castle walls let in streaks of sunlight.  Although it was nearly pitch black inside, Jason moved forward easily.  He knew all the secret passageways so well he could go anywhere in the castle or tower and never have to emerge into the regular hallways unless he chose to do so.
The castle at St. Valery had been in his family for many generations.  He had grown up there.  As a young boy, he had been taken in tow by the old Seneschal who controlled the keys and was responsible for the safety of the family inside the keep and tower walls.  He had wandered with the old man as he inspected the hidden passageways, although they had not been used for many years.  The knowledge of the passages had been such a closely guarded family secret that most people in the castle did not even know they existed.  Others thought they had long ago been sealed up.  Jason had loved playing in them as a young boy, and he knew them almost as well as he did the hallways that bisected the castle and tower.  When the earliest castle had been built, the passages had been added to allow escape in times of attack, but they had not been used for generations.  Only Jason’s father and the old Seneschal knew about them in recent years.  His Uncle Arnulfo, never a favorite of the Seneschal, didn’t realize they still existed.  After Jason’s father had gone to the Crusades, Jason had found them useful to move quickly without being seen around the castle, keep, and tower.
Jason smiled to himself when he thought about fooling his Uncle Arnulfo.  Jason prayed each day and night that his father would return home safely and very soon.  Until he did, Jason was bound by all laws and customs to obey Arnulfo, and that was becoming harder to do each day.  Jason had never liked his uncle, but now he had come to actually hate and distrust him.  He thought about recent events, and he began to realize how warped and evil Arnulfo was becoming.  More and more of the serfs were being harshly punished.  Taxes and duties were being collected more forcefully, and no one seemed exempt from accusations and punishment, except for Arnulfo.  Lately more people had been arrested, tried , judged, and convicted by Arnulfo, and more ‘criminals’ were being imprisoned or hung each week.
“Power does corrupt,” Jason thought to himself.  In the past, his uncle had appeared cold, but civil.  Lately he seemed harder, gloomier, and angrier than before.  “When I become Baron,” Jason vowed, “things will be very different.”
For the next hour, Jason moved noiselessly through the maze of passages, examining what was going on in the grand keep.  He peeked in on Arnulfo and saw him talking to Anne, but their voices were too low to be heard.  He even wandered up into the tower and peeked into Laura’s bedchamber, but she was not there.  Quietly he moved back down to the garden gate and emerged into the daylight to inspect the outer areas around the grand palace.
Jason walked past the bench where he had first seen Laura that morning, but it was deserted.  He rapidly crossed the garden, passed over the drawbridge and the stagnant moat beneath it.  The walls of the Baron’s palace rose steep and forbidding behind him as he traversed the main courtyard heading towards the huge open bailey.
Most of the daily activity of the barony took place in the two large open areas surrounded by the outer walls.  St. Valery was really three fortresses, each one enclosing the others.  The grand keep tower, where the family bedchambers and the huge dining hall and kitchen were located, was the oldest of the three and sat the farthest out on the high rocky finger of land that jutted out into the ocean.  Many years ago, but long after the grand keep tower had been built, the grand palace was added as the barony increased in size and importance.  If under siege, the drawbridge would be raised and the steep walls of the palace acted as a second line of defense, protecting the grand keep itself.  As the barony grew and the Baron’s power increased with the passing generations, the barony expanded again and again.  Each time new barbicans, spiked barrier walls, were built to enclose an even larger area of land.  These walls further protected the inner ones.
As Jason walked across the main courtyard, he was greeted respectfully and warmly by all the people working at the various tasks necessary to keep the barony self-sufficient.  Nearly everything that was eaten, worn, or used by the people living within the walls was grown, raised, or made within its walls.
Passing through the next gate, he entered into the largest open area, the bailey.  He went first to the armor maker’s workshop.  It was almost time for Jason to be knighted since his training period was nearly finished.  Jason was very anxious to become a knight since that put him one step closer to attaining his maturity and independence from his uncle’s control.  The armor maker stood up when he entered and greeted him eagerly.
“Sire, how are you today?  God keep you well,” he added with a deep bow.
“I’m very well today and greatly pleased with the strength and design of the armor you are making for me.  Your skill is well-known, and you shall be handsomely rewarded when I become Baron,” Jason added after inspecting the overlapping metal plates attached to the coat of mail by finely wrought rings of iron mesh.  The armor maker beamed at his words of praise and vowed it would be finished within the month.
“How proud I shall be to see you jousting at your knighthood tournament in my armor.  I am determined no harm shall ever come to you because of my workmanship.  I am going to put your family crest on the shield and breastplate, if you permit it,” he added.
Jason, touched by the old man’s concern, put his hand on his shoulder.  “Whatever you do, I will be pleased.  You are a skilled workman and a valuable friend and ally, too,” Jason added before leaving.
From there, he wandered into the various workshops, inspecting the activity and talking to his serfs.  He toured the huge stables and talked to the stable master about the health of one of his favorite horses that had recently gone lame.  He was pleased to hear that the mare was improving each day.  He rubbed her head and patted her gently.  She neighed and rubbed against him in greeting.
Next, he went into the storehouses and was thankful when he saw how well-filled they were.  “We have enough food and supplies to last us through the winter, even if the time of harvest goes badly this year.  No one will have to go hungry or thirsty.  There is enough for all,” he thought with satisfaction.
He ended up at the falconry.  The patient falconer was busy training two new hawks.  Jason admired the talent and courage of the falconer as he held them and used his skill to change them from wild creatures into well-trained hunting tools for his master.
Together they took one of the falcons out of the bailey into the huge lists where they could let him fly free on the end of his restraining tether.  After testing his response while on the tether, the falconer untied the last band around the bird’s leg.  He released a small sparrow he had carried tucked in a small bag on his belt.  The little sparrow flew away, darting from side to side.  As the sparrow approached the spiked fence of the outer barbican, the falconer removed the hood from the young hawk and shouted the command to fly.  Jason watched it fly off with a feeling of awe and amazement at its speed and grace.  The hawk sprang into the air, circled over the huge palisades and dove for the fleeing sparrow.  With lightning speed, the hawk caught the sparrow in midair.  He circled the field before returning to land on the leather sheathed arm of the falconer with the dead bird hanging limply in his beak.
“Well done, master falconer.  He will be a great addition to our hunting parties,” Jason said shaking his hand.
After Jason left the falconer, he walked back into the bailey and entered the quiet dimness of the chapel.  It was lit by several small candles flickering on the altar.  Jason quietly walked to the altar, knelt in prayer, lit a candle for his father’s safe return from the Crusade, crossed himself, and silently left.  He started the long walk back to the grand keep, hurrying because it was growing late, and would soon be time for dinner.
While he walked back toward the keep, he smiled happily as he remembered Laura’s kiss.  “Such a sweet, beautiful girl,” he mused.  “I remember how sad and lonely she seemed when she first came to stay with us.”  Jason remembered having watched her sitting by herself reading her prayer book.  He searched his memory, but he couldn’t find one time when he had heard her speak crossly to anyone or arrogantly order her serving women around the way so many of the other noblemen’s daughters did.  Even though she was quiet, respectful, and shy, she always had a smile or a kind word for all the people around her.  After talking to her, he learned she was very intelligent and had many helpful skills.
“How different she is from so many of the others,” he marveled with a smile. “It was wrong of me to have taken advantage of her fall today to have kissed her,” he admitted to himself, “but I’m glad I did.  I would gladly do it again.  Tonight when she comes to meet me, I will confess my love for her.  After I am knighted next month and assume my rightful place, I will petition the Duke for the right to marry her.  How much I have come to love her!  What joy it will be to share my life with her sweet gentle beauty,” he sighed.
When the bell sounded the call to dinner, all the people began scurrying to the great circular hall in the grand keep.  Everyone worked hard on the barony from sunrise to sundown, and all had hearty appetites.  The meals were simply cooked, but plentiful.  No one went hungry.
Baron Arnulfo, as ruler of the barony in his brother’s absence, was seated at the raised dais at the main table near the immense fireplace.  He settled down and leaned back against the soft cushioned back of the intricately carved chair of honor.  He was never a man of many smiles or cheerfulness, but tonight, he seemed even more severe than usual.  The others sat at their places along the long tables surrounding the hallway, each seated according to their importance or rank in the barony.  Laura, as heir to a powerful neighboring barony since her father’s death, was seated at the main table to the left of Arnulfo.  Jason, son of his older brother Robert and next in line of succession to the barony, sat at his immediate right.  All the others were seated on long, narrow wooden benches.  Taking their cue from Arnulfo, they ate in a quieter and more restrained manner than usual.
The younger squires and pucelles, who had been sent to the barony to live, work, and be trained in the proper manner of their class and position in society, were kept busy serving the people at the main tables.  Common serfs who worked in the kitchen carried loaded trenchers filled with food to the other diners.  Anne, as Laura’s personal lady in waiting, served her at the main table.  The first one at the meal to eat was Anne, Arnulfo’s personal food taster.  Arnulfo never ate anything until it had been tested and proved to be safe to eat or drink.  After that Anne poured the wine for everyone at the main table.  Tonight she was very quiet and only spoke when someone talked to her.
Laura felt uncomfortably aware of Arnulfo and Jason’s nearness.  She felt like their eyes were resting on her, and she looked down at her food most of the meal, but color still crept up to her face.  “Please don’t betray my feelings here in front of all these people,” she commanded her body, vainly telling her heart to slow down and the color in her cheeks to return to normal.
Laura nervously glanced around her.  She was dismayed to notice that even Baron Arnulfo’s eyes seemed to be directed toward her.  “How silly I am tonight!  How could anyone know about the kiss?  I’m behaving as if the world could suddenly see the love I feel for Jason.  He did kiss me, but am I so foolish to think it left a sign upon my face?  Foolish heart, he only was playing tag and teasing me because he feels sorry for me because of my loneliness.  I wish it were more than that, because I realize now how much I love him and his sweet gentleness towards me.”  Laura scolded herself for the hundredth time for dwelling on the feeling Jason’s kiss had awakened in her heart.  She felt confused and afraid of the new emotions stirring in her body.
Since returning to her bedchamber, she had argued with herself.  Her mind telling her she must not go to meet him.  “The kiss was only part of a silly game of tag,” her mind said.  Her heart argued heatedly, “He meant it when he made you promise to meet him.  You did promise!  How could you break a promise to the one who has been kindest to you?  Go!  You know you must go, if only to keep your word.  Besides, you know you want him to kiss you again,” she thought as a guilty blush colored her cheeks.  All during dinner Laura’s mind was filled with these warring thoughts, leaving her more nervous and preoccupied through dinner.  She felt torn apart, not even knowing then whether she would keep their secret meeting.
There had been little talk that night at the Baron’s table.  All three seemed lost in thought.  Baron Arnulfo sat silent, his eyes half closed, yet he was intently watching everything around him, but especially the faces and behavior of the two seated at his table.
As usual Anne helped serve the dishes and then clear them away.  Although considered a great honor to be chosen to serve the nobles, Anne seemed nervous and unhappy, too.  Despite her conflicting thoughts, Laura noticed how Anne’s hands trembled when she poured the wine into the heavy silver goblets.
“Anne, are you feeling unwell?”  Laura asked with concern in her voice for the girl who served as her personal maid.
Anne grew even paler than she had been before. “I’ll be all right.  Just a little out of sorts today,” she answered coldly, never looking directly at Laura.
Laura scowled slightly.  “Why does she always seem so cold toward me? I’ve never done anything that I can remember to hurt her, and yet, she seems to turn aside my offers of friendship with coldness, almost as if she hates me.”  Laura sighed, “There I go again, making a mountain out of a molehill.  Maybe like me, she has trouble with her heart.”
Because of the Baron’s solemn manner, when he rose from the table, the others began wandering away to their rooms, most wishing he had called for the troubadour or jugglers to entertain them.  With all the hard work and troubles of living, a few rousing songs and dances or entertainment would have been a welcome relief after a long day’s labor.  Tonight, the Baron did not offer any hope.  All went away in relative silence.
Laura excused herself and walked slowly back to her room.  She hoped Jason would come over and talk to her or offer to walk her to her room.  If he talked to her, she decided, she would tell him she wouldn’t meet him.  As she was walking toward the door, she noticed he stayed behind talking to Arnulfo.  Arnulfo was talking rapidly as they walked out of the dining room together.  Laura sighed, because there was no way to tell him she would have to go to meet him.
Chapter 3
Once alone in her room, Laura paced nervously waiting to hear the night call when she was supposed to go meet Jason.  Her inner battle still raged.  Finally, when the night call broke into her thoughts, she decided that, in spite of her newfound feelings and fears, she would keep her promise, if only to keep his friendship and trust.  “I don’t know how I would survive without his gentle kindness and friendship,” she thought.  Slowly she opened her bedchamber door, and silently moved down the deserted stairway to the lowest level of the tower.
After emerging from the gate into the inner garden, she walked quietly to the appointed meeting place.  All appeared deserted.  She sat down on the bench to wait for Jason.  Suddenly she heard a noise in the deep shadows.  Anxiously she called in a soft whisper, “Jason, is that you?”
“Convicted by your own words,” came back the angry voice of Baron Arnulfo.  Laura watched in horrified silence as he crossed the area between them.  “What is he doing here?  Where is Jason?” she thought in panic.
“Come with me,” he snapped, grabbing her arm and jerking her roughly along beside him.  Crossing the garden with such frantic speed, Laura stumbled and was roughly dragged along.  His hand cruelly squeezed her arm, and it began throbbing with pain.
Together they entered the heavy door to the lower end of the keep wall.  Instead of turning up the stairs to the great hall above, he pushed her roughly to the left down some dark circular steps.  After he opened a door at the bottom, he shoved her inside a room she had only heard about, but had never visited before.  Looking about in fear, Laura realized she was in a chamber in the dungeon.  Torches were lit and hung along the walls giving the room a shadowy and sinister aspect.
He released his grip on her forearm and pushed her down on a bench in the center of the room.  Towering over her, rage glowed in his dark eyes as he scowled down at her, the torch light sending shadows moving across his dark features.
“How long has this affair been going on?” he demanded angrily.
“I don’t know what you mean,” Laura stammered.
“Liar!” he roared.  “How long has Jason been your lover?  Don’t lie to me or you will sorely regret it,” he thundered.
“Jason isn’t my lover, just my friend.  I’ve never had a lover,” she protested.
“Fool, even if your affair with Jason was not known to me before, your words and actions tonight have given me proof enough of Jason’s guilt.  It was Jason’s name you called out in the darkness of the garden!  Out of your own mouth, you have condemned him,” he sneered.
 ”It isn’t true.  We are only friends.  There has never been anything but friendship between us.”  “Please believe me.  We are innocent.  We’ve done nothing wrong,” Laura protested.
“I saw the way you looked at each other tonight at dinner.  You blushed at his name and at his glance.  Your sighs and covert glances gave you away further,” Arnulfo replied, angrily pacing back and forth in front of her.  Stopping quickly in front of her, he pulled a scrap of paper out of his pocket. “Explain this away, if you can.  Tell the truth, Laura.  You did write this love poem for him, didn’t you?” he snarled contemptuously.
Laura stared with horror at her neat, careful printing on the paper.  It was the poem she had started for Jason.  “Yes, I did write that, but it was only a girl’s foolish words, a silly girl’s dreams, not proof of any wrongdoing.  It was not really written about Jason.  He isn’t my lover.  He is my friend!  That’s all, just a friend,” Laura stammered in a quivery voice.
“Who were these words written about, if not Jason? Or did you write them about me?” he spat out.
“They were just words, like the troubadours sometimes recite.  They are only words, not actions, not proof of any wrongdoings,” she cried.
With each word, he seemed to grow more livid with rage.  “You are my ward, and I demand the complete truth from you!  Did you not roll on the ground with Jason this afternoon and kiss him like a common whore?  Were you planning to meet him secretly tonight to continue with this affair?” he accused her with an awful cold tone.
Laura felt panic rising in her heart.  She was terrified to tell a lie, but even more fearful to confess now because it would further implicate Jason.  The way Arnulfo spat out the questions, it made their innocent kisses sound dirty and sinful.  Laura grew paler and trembled violently.
“You can’t deny it, can you?” he pressed.  “Tell the truth.  I will tolerate no lies.”
“No, what you say is not true!” she cried.  “Jason and I did nothing wrong.  We are innocent.”
Arnulfo grabbed her and shook her furiously.  She tried to pull away, but his fingers gripped her tighter.  She twisted to one side, but he forced her body against his.  Suddenly he pressed his lips against hers, bruising her lips with the punishing brutality of its force.  He squeezed her hungrily against him.  She struggled like a trapped mouse in the talons of a hawk.  In desperation and fear, she reached up and scratched at his face, drawing blood on his cheek. He pushed her down with an angry curse.  She sprawled backwards on the floor and lay there shivering with terror.
“You shall pay dearly for each lie and for each drop of blood, Laura,” he threatened with a voice so filled with rage and hatred she could barely recognize it as his own.  His eyes, dark and evil, stared down at her cringing form.  “I could force you to make love to me,” he said towering over her, “but I want you to suffer in other ways first.  There is always time for that later, besides I have plans for a powerful alliance with your marriage to Baron Gerard.  Tonight you pushed me away, and yet you’d run to another man.  I’ll see to it that you think more carefully before you run off to meet anyone or before you dare to lie to me or strike out at me again!”
Arnulfo pulled a bell cord hanging by the door, and two of his private guards entered through a side door.  “Tie her to the rack,” he said coldly, moving to the other side of the room to watch her futile struggles.  For the first time in her life, Laura felt rough, dirty male hands on her body.  She tried to struggle, but it was no use.  They were too strong for her.  Fighting only made them bruise her body more.  Swiftly they tied her hands and feet to the rings on each corner of the rack. Shocked and terrified she turned and watched Arnulfo’s approach.
“You’ll never get away with this!” she cried.  “When Jason becomes Baron, you will be punished.”
He walked over to stand beside her, a triumphant laugh escaping his lips.  “Of course, I shall get away with this.  After all, I am the Baron, and my word is law.  No one dares to oppose me!  As for Jason, he will never hear of this, nor will he ever become Baron.  Are you both so stupid that you think I would meekly stand aside and let my brother’s young whelp take away what should have been mine!  I am the rightful Baron, and I’ll never surrender St. Valery to him, or anyone else!  Tonight’s events just sped up my plans,” he added ominously.
“What do you mean?” Laura gasped with new terror rising in her heart.
“Jason won’t help you, because he is dead now, or soon will be.  How sad!  A terrible ‘accident’ happened tonight while he is out trying to catch a band of robbers.  Even now, the deed is probably done!  The birds will peck at his eyes tomorrow morning before his death is discovered. Such a pity!  I shall mourn for him and continue as Baron.  No one will ever know what really happened to him.  Even if they do know or suspect, no one will dare to cross me.  After tonight, you will know what I am capable of doing, and you will never tell anyone unless you wish to suffer even more cruelly.”
Laura drew in a sharp breath too shocked to speak.  Her mind was swimming with the horror of Arnulfo’s treachery.  She couldn’t believe that this was really happening to her or that he could be so vile as to order his own nephew’s death until she looked up and saw the dark glint of hatred and evil in his eyes as he scowled down at her.
“Even if people know what has really happened tonight, no one can stop me, especially not you.  You won’t ever tell.  After tonight, you will obey me totally, because you will know how cruel and swift my punishment can be.  Imagine also how the others would hate you if they knew you betrayed Jason into my hands.”
“I didn’t betray him,” she moaned.
“It doesn’t matter now, because, either way, you will never forget tonight, and you will never lie to me again or disobey me!” he snarled.  After saying this, he untied the straps on her shoes and let them drop to the floor.
 “Bring the heated brands,” he ordered his guard.  Taking it carefully into his hand, he sneered, “This won’t damage your looks or make you unfit for marriage, but it will make running to meet your lovers more difficult and painful.  First, one foot for lying to me and the second for drawing my blood!”
“Please don’t do this!  Don’t hurt me!” Laura heard herself begging just before she felt the incredible pain of the white hot metal searing into the tender flesh on the soles of her feet.  With a terrible scream of anguish, she mercifully lost consciousness.
Chapter 4
While Jason was still in the great hall, Arnulfo sent a messenger to bring Jason over to him.  Jason was never anxious to be around Arnulfo, but he walked over to him, because he knew he was duty bound to obey him, at least until he became the new Baron.  When he approached Arnulfo, he noticed he appeared upset.
“Come to my chamber,” Arnulfo said urgently.  “There is something we must attend to tonight.”  He led Jason into his chamber and closed the door.  Arnulfo began pacing, an angry scowl on his face.  “Jason,” he finally said, “I’ve just been informed that a band of poachers and robbers have been spotted camping about a league beyond the outer barbican.  They have been causing much trouble for merchants who travel along our roads.  Recently, they have even stolen goods that were being sent to us.  Yesterday, one of the game keepers found the remains of a large elk that had been butchered by these poachers. ”
Jason listened quietly to the news.  “Are you sure these reports are true?  I heard nothing about it when I was in the outer areas of the bailey this afternoon.”
Arnulfo snorted, “Yes, I am sure!  We must stop this group.  We can ride out tonight, take them by surprise, and capture them before they break camp at sunrise.  Tonight, we have surprise on our side.  I want you to put your training to the test.  I want you to ride out with me on this mission.  I’ve heard you are nearly ready for knighthood.  Tonight, God willing, by my side, you shall prove your courage and worth,” Arnulfo said.
Jason listened quietly then replied, “Sire, I will go as you wish, even though I haven’t heard of any robbers in this area.  Are you sure they are not just honest travelers camping in the woods?”
“Would honest travelers rob and murder?  Just today, word was brought to me that another body had been found off the forest road near the sea cliffs.  I did not want the news to upset the people, so I had the reports brought directly to me,” Arnulfo explained.
“I shall go and get ready.” Jason said.
Arnulfo stopped him. “No, Jason, we will leave dressed as if we are just going for an evening hunt.  Because some shipments of ours were taken, I fear we may have an informer in our midst.  Some of my men have set up a store of weapons near the woods and wait for us there.  We shall ride out there and arm ourselves.”
Jason nodded in agreement.  “I am ready to leave whenever you say.”
“Good, Jason, I knew I could count on you.  We shall meet in the stable immediately and leave from there.”
Jason hurried to his chamber, grabbed his cloak and his hunting knife.  He rushed to the stable.  Seven horses were saddled and ready.  Baron Arnulfo and five of his private guards were already there.
Jason muttered under his breath, “I wish I could have sent a message to Laura to explain why I couldn’t meet her, but I’m sure she will understand and forgive me when I get back and explain it to her.”
In silence, they mounted their horses and rode through the late afternoon shadows past the bailey wall, through the lists, across the palisades and beyond the sweeping barbicans.  Soon it began growing darker as the sun began slipping towards the horizon.  Arnulfo motioned for the riders to turn off the main road onto a small trail into a grove of trees near the cliffs on the steep rocky coastline.  Emerging into a small clearing, he signaled for them to dismount.
After all were on the ground, Arnulfo turned slowly to Jason.  “This is where I leave you, Jason.  There are some pressing matters at the castle that I must take care of tonight.”  As he spoke, the guards moved to form a tight circle around Jason.  “Early today, you made a foolish mistake, but tonight your mistake will prove fatal.  Did you think I would stand by and let you meet in secret with my ward Laura?  I have plans for her myself.”
Jason started at the mention of Laura’s name.  “What has she to do with this?” he asked angrily.
“She obviously did not like your kisses this afternoon,” he lied with a snarl.  “When she told me about them today, she was still unhappy, but she was afraid not to meet you.  She came to me for my advice and help.  She always comes to me for everything,” he added suggestively.
“What are you talking about, Arnulfo?” Jason shouted, angered by the implied relationship between Laura and his uncle.
“I’m talking about your kissing her in the garden earlier today and trying to force her to meet you tonight.  I know all about your plans and actions.  There is no need to pretend.  She has told me all about you,” Arnulfo gloated.
“I don’t believe you.  How did you find out about that?  Am I being spied on in my own house?” he shouted angrily.
“Sorry, Jason, it isn’t your house any longer.  It’s mine--and hers.  Good, you didn’t try to deny it any longer.  It would have done you no good to protest anyway.  Tonight the only prey I’ve been hunting for is you, and you have fallen into my trap.”
Jason quickly looked around at the circle of Arnulfo’s armed guards.  He noticed with dismay that they were all fully armed.  He alone was without armor and sword, almost defenseless.
“Guards, seize him,” Arnulfo ordered.  “Too bad, Jason, about your death.  The people will all grieve for you, but I will keep the barony, and Laura will continue to come to me,” he added tauntingly.
As Arnulfo walked away, the guards pounced on Jason, holding him firmly between them while Arnulfo mounted his horse.  “You men have your orders.  Bring me word when it is finished.  Jason, you are such a fool to have fallen in love with her or to have trusted me to give up St. Valery.  Farewell, Jason.  Tomorrow you will wake up in Hell!”  He spurred his horse and rode out of the clearing back towards the castle.
Jason was pushed and shoved along the trail near the edge of the rocky cliff.  As he was forced along, he searched his mind for a plan.  “With five armed men against one, there isn’t much chance of escape,” he thought dismally, “but I still have my dagger concealed in my tunic.  That may be my salvation,” he thought.  The path grew narrower and steeper until only one guard could walk beside him. He could hear the pounding of the waves crashing against the cliff some twenty feet below.
Pretending to stumble, Jason jerked free of the guard who was leading him.  He shoved him and watched as he tumbled over the edge to the sea below.  Jason darted away with the other four chasing after him.  While he ran, he drew his dagger and waited until he felt one of the pursuers grab at him.  He quickly turned and drove the knife into his stomach and shoved him back against the others.  Shouting and cursing, they chased after him along the path.  Abruptly, the pathway ended at the edge of the cliff.  They spread out in a circle around him effectively blocking his only route of escape.
The guard on his right lunged for him, but Jason slashed at him and he stepped back.  The others blocked his escape.  Knives surrounded him from all directions except from the sea below.  Two charged forward.  As he turned toward one, the second one drove a knife into the upper right edge of Jason’s shoulder blade.  As he turned, a second knife was plunged into his back.  The others surged forward and jeered at him as he staggered backwards and tumbled over the edge.  They heard him screaming as he fell down the steep cliff to the sea twenty feet below, while the darkness of the night swallowed him.  Then came the sound of a splash and the crash of the waves thundered against the cliff below
“Now, you’ve done it,” one guard cursed.  “We don’t have the body to show he’s dead.”  They peered over the edge of the cliff, but couldn’t see Jason’s body. 
“Don’t be a fool.  This will work out fine.  After being stabbed and falling onto the rocks, he has to be dead.  If not, the ocean will finish him off,” Marko, the leader of the guards said. 
 “That’s right,” the others agreed.  “I’m not going to risk my life trying to climb down this cliff to touch a dead man.  As long as we all tell the same story of his being killed by the robbers and then falling into the sea, no one will ever know the truth.”
“Agreed,” they shouted and headed back to the castle to report their success and to collect their reward from Arnulfo.
Chapter 5
The night was cloudy and cold as they readied their long boat for the ride back to the Sea Dog.  As the crew pushed the boat out through the breakers, they climbed aboard and began rowing.  Because of the strong current along the rocky shore, it was harder to try to row straight out to sea, so they rowed diagonally along the coast towards St. Valery.
Captain Allen, sitting in the stern, looked around at the quiet shoreline as the moon broke through the clouds sending a bright shaft of light washing down on the ocean and nearby shoreline.  When the boat surged over the crest of a wave, he caught sight of something in the moonlight just south of the steep cliff upon which the Barony of St. Valerie had been built.  Raising the spyglass to his eye, he shouted,” “Turn ashore, men.  Let’s have a look at what lies near the foot of that cliff.”
Deftly steering the boat towards the shore, they headed back to the place where Captain Allen was pointing.  In a few minutes, the crew pulled the longboat up on a dry strip of sand and were hurrying toward the place where he had seen a glimmer of color.
Captain Allen reached the spot first.  “My God, men,” he shouted excitedly.  “It’s a young lad.  He looks nearly dead or dying.”  He bent down and listened at Jason’s bleeding chest.  He put his hand by Jason’s mouth.  “Saints be praised,” he swore, “he’s still alive, but barely.  Quick, lads, let’s get him to our ship.  If we try to find help anywhere near here, he doesn’t stand a chance of surviving.”
They gathered up Jason’s inert body and loaded it into the longboat.  Soon they were rowing rapidly towards their nearly deserted ship.  Once at the ship, the men lifted him up onto the deck, and carried him directly to Captain Allen’s cabin.
“Set sail with the tide,” he ordered.  “We’ll do all we can for the lad, but we must be underway before the tide turns.  A storm is heading in, and I don’t want to be anywhere near these rocky shores when it starts to howl.”
Captain Allen was an old salt who had sailed nearly all the known seas.  He had learned much about medicine and tending all manner of wounds.  He quickly cut away Jason’s clothes and began washing the blood off his body.  “Look,” he exclaimed to Mingo, the huge black man standing near, “see how he’s been stabbed in the back in two places. I don’t know why those cowards hated you so much, but they did their best to kill you.  Hang on, lad.  I’ll do my best, but you have to hang on,” he said to the unconscious young man.
Through the night as the ship sped away from St. Valery towards the open sea and, for the next three days, Captain Allen tended to the young man’s wounds.  He spooned life-giving broth into Jason and watched over his feverish sleep like a mother hen tends her chicks.
As the days passed, the fever broke and Jason began to be more lucid.  His once strong body was battered, bruised, and gravely wounded, but his youth and excellent physical condition helped him to fight off the infection that set in.  Captain Allen maintained a careful watch over him.  Even after Jason was feeling better, he did not ask Jason what had happened.  He waited patiently until Jason chose to tell his story.
Learning of Captain Allen’s constant and skilled treatment, Jason thanked him profusely.  As his strength gradually returned, he began to help out as much as he could.  Never having been on a ship before, everything was new and strange to him.  He was a quick student, and soon mastered many of the tasks the sailors did.  In a short time, he was climbing high up into the riggings to help secure the sails.  He listened intently as the others taught him how to use the sextant to navigate across the great seas.  With the fresh salt air and the vigorous exercise, Jason regained his former strength and grew even stronger with the hard work.
When they arrived two months later at a distant shore, Jason’s knowledge of writing and account keeping proved invaluable to Captain Allen.  Gradually over time, by his actions and attitude, he became a favorite of the whole crew.  There was a special bond that developed between Jason and Captain Allen; it was almost like the feeling Jason had felt for his father.  Because of the accident and the betrayal of Arnulfo and Laura, Jason tried to push his old life out of his thoughts.  When he thought of his past at St. Valery, feelings of rage filled him, and he longed for the time when he could get revenge upon both of them.
Working on the open deck, Jason’s skin grew darker and darker.  The hard physical labor caused his arms and shoulders to become even more heavily muscled.  In a matter of months, his young body filled out into a sturdy, young man.
One night, after many weeks at sea, Jason finally told Captain Allen the full story of who he was.  He spoke brokenly of his betrayal by Laura and of Arnulfo’s treachery and evilness.  Captain Allen was horrified to hear of the extent of Jason’s betrayal and of his ambush.
“Jason,” Captain Allen said with a sad sigh, “I understand the awful things you have gone through, but I am worried about something else.  We have been able to heal the wounds and bruises on the outside, but only you can get rid of the poison that you still carry inside.”
“What do you mean?” he asked with a puzzled look.
“You have a gentle and noble nature and a true goodness of heart.  We have all seen this during the time you’ve been on board, but you are filled with anger and hatred.  It will poison the rest of your life unless you can get rid of it.”
“I know you are right, Cappy,” Jason said softly to Captain Allen, calling him by his nickname, “but nothing will stop my rage until I can one day get revenge on my false hearted Laura and my treacherous Uncle Arnulfo.”
“Your voice is filled with such hate when you mention them,” Captain Allen remarked, shaking his head sadly.
“I do hate them both, but it’s Laura I blame the most.  I offered friendship and love, and she betrayed me to that devil to be beaten and killed.  I shall never forget my hatred of her until I can see her punished as severely as I was,” he snapped.  “Someday, I will get my revenge, and how sweet it will be!”   
Chapter 6
The room was still and dark when Laura regained consciousness several hours later.  She could not remember anything at first.  The only thing she was aware of was the agonizing pain sensations radiating from her feet.  Stabbing waves of pain throbbed through her body.  Each breath seemed to take all her strength.  Any movement sent waves of anguish and nausea surging through her body, making her cry out.
Blinking her eyes to try to push the darkness away, Laura looked around.  The memory of all the horrors that had happened to her that night rushed into her mind.  She began to sob uncontrollably.
Soft hands reached down to touch her face.  A damp cloth gently wiped the tears from her cheeks.  As her eyes adjusted to the low light in her bedchamber, she saw Anne’s tear stained face looking down at her.
“Drink this, Laura,” Anne urged, gently raising her head while holding the cup to her lips.  “It will help ease the pain and allow you to sleep.”
Laura gratefully drank the heavy, bitter-sweet liquid and lay back down against the pillows on her bed.  Her whole body ached.  Her arms were bruised and sore.  Slowly the excruciating pain receded into a dull, constant throbbing, and she fell into a restless sleep.
For the remainder of the night, Laura drifted in and out of consciousness.  She could not separate what was really happening from the hazy, disconnected dream-like images that floated through her mind.  Each time Laura stirred and opened her eyes, Anne’s face came into view.  She thought she heard Anne crying as she felt the refreshing coolness of a soft, moist cloth being placed on her face and feet.
When the pain began increasing again, Anne offered another drink.  Laura eagerly drained the contents from the cup hoping it would soon bring relief from the searing pain in her feet.  Wet, cooling cloths were wrapped loosely around her feet.  From time to time, Laura was hazily aware that the cloths were removed from her feet, soothing liquid was gently poured over them, and then were carefully wrapped in wet cloth again. 
During the following days, Anne gently fed Laura rich warm broths and soft bread, and helped her drink as much liquid as she wanted.  Despite the tender care she received, her feet became infected and became a raw weeping mass.  Anne changed the dressings more often and bathed them in soothing ointments.  She moved a small cot into Laura’s chamber and when fatigue overcame her, she took catnaps, ever vigilant for Laura’s cries or moans.  Often when Laura slept, Anne would collapse into sobs that racked her body. 
For six days, Laura moaned in pain.  She was delirious and drifted in and out of awareness.  At times, she cried in her sleep and called to Jason.  “Forgive me    just a kiss…nothing wrong…..dead…nothing wrong…Jason,” she moaned and mumbled over and over.  At these times, Anne held her in her arms and sobbed with her, while a desperate prayer for forgiveness raced through her troubled, guilt-filled mind.  Each word drew fresh sobs from both girls.
On the seventh day, Laura’s face felt cooler.  She slept through most of the night without crying out.  Anne, exhausted by her continuous bedside vigil, slept soundly for the first time in a week.
When Laura awoke the next morning, she was still too weak to sit up or eat without help, but she did manage a fleeting smile at Anne.  She squeezed Anne’s hand gently.  “Sweet Anne, how kind you are to me,” she whispered weakly.
“Laura, please don’t praise me,” Anne cried in distress.  “Just get well.  I’ll take care of you.  Rest now.  We will talk later.  Sleep now.”
Laura settled back on the pillow and closed her eyes.  Anne waited until Laura was sound asleep and gently withdrew her hand.  She sank down on her cot, covered her face with her hands, and sobbed.  “What have I done?  Lord, forgive me, for I know I can never forgive myself.  I never wanted this.  I swear I never wanted either of them hurt this way.  I didn’t know he would be so cruel.  Oh, Jason.  God, what have I done?  Help me make amends.  Help me soothe my soul, or I shall perish in hell,” she sobbed in her anguish.
In the weeks that followed, Anne rarely left Laura’s side for more than a few minutes.  Whenever Laura was awake, Anne would be nearby.  She brought Laura her prayer book and her sewing to help her pass the time.  She coaxed Laura to eat with all kinds of delicacies and treats.  At other times, Anne talked about the people in the castle and what was happening on the barony.  By unspoken agreement, they did not speak of Jason or Arnulfo.  Only once, when Laura was still feverish, did she ask about Jason.
“Where is Jason?  Is he really dead, or is this a horrible dream?  Please, Anne, tell me that much,” Laura begged.
”He is dead, Laura,” Anne had whispered brokenly with a stifled moan.  Laura closed her eyes and turned her face away from Anne and sobbed.  With each wave of sobbing, her body shuddered.  Anne put her hands over her face and cried with her.
Laura looked back at Anne.  “You loved him, too.  I never realized that.  We shall bear our loss together,” Laura sighed.
Each day, Anne applied soothing herbs and fresh bandages to Laura’s feet.  Slowly the burned soles began to heal.  Scar tissue formed and gradually reduced the size of the raw open area.  The new skin was white and drawn looking.  As the sole filled in, the skin pulled tighter, finally distorting the shape of her feet.  The area near the toes on her right foot were more severely burned than the left ones.  They gradually were drawn backwards and down, curling somewhat toward the ground.  The left foot, although terribly scarred, appeared almost normal from the top. Even after the sores had healed, pain shot through Laura’s body whenever she tried to stand or walk.  Just putting any weight on her right foot made the toes bend unnaturally upwards, stretching the too tight skin on her soles.  She cried out in agony.
Each day Anne worked with her needle and thread experimenting with various materials and designs to create a shoe that would help Laura be able to stand without intense pain. She realized Laura’s deformed foot could never comfortably fit into a normal shoe.  She tried many types of cloths, stuffing them with cotton fibers, wool, and even the softest down feathers she could find, to create a special padded inner sole that would cushion and support the delicate area near her toes.
After so long in bed, Laura’s legs were shaky and weak.  Her first attempt to stand, even with Anne’s help, caused her to collapse in pain and dizziness.
“Put your arm around me.  Let me carry your weight until you feel stronger,” Anne urged. “I will hold you up while you learn to walk again.”
“Oh, sweet Anne, I don’t know how I would have survived without you.  You have been an angel of mercy during my illness.  I owe my very life to you,” Laura whispered with tears in her eyes.
“Please, don’t praise me for doing this.  I owe you that much and so much more,” she replied in a small, strained voice. “Before you try to stand again, put these on your feet, Laura,” she said, holding out a pair of soft, handmade cloth and leather shoes.  From the outside, they looked like any other shoe.  Anne gently slid the shoe onto Anne’s right foot.  The soft cushion fitted along the length of her foot, but growing thicker to allow for the unnatural pulling of the skin near her toes.  The cushion in the other shoe was equally soft, but did not taper.  Anne helped Laura stand.  She winced and clutched Anne’s arm to steady herself.
“That feels so much better, Anne,” Laura murmured with tears in her eyes.  “So that’s what you have been working on so diligently.  You’ve spent so much time making these for me!  They feel soft against my feet, almost like walking on a cloud.  I don’t know how to thank you for all that you’ve done for me.”  Laura leaned over and planted a soft kiss on Anne’s cheek.
Anne turned away with a sob. “Please, Laura, don’t praise me.  Don’t say any more.  I don’t deserve your praise. I’m not even worthy to speak to you.  I hate myself for what I’ve done,” Anne cried in deep despair.”
“What’s wrong?” Laura asked.
How can I ask you to forgive me when I can never forgive myself?” she sobbed.  Anne slid off the bed and crumpled down on the floor by Laura’s feet and put her head in her hands.
“Anne, please don’t cry.  Tell me what’s wrong.  After all you have done for me, there is nothing to forgive,” Laura assured her.
“You don’t know.  You don’t understand,” she sobbed.
“Tell me, Anne.  You must get this off your mind,” Laura urged.
“I know you need to know, but I am so ashamed to tell you.  I am so sorry.  What happened is all my fault.  I was so hurt and angry and jealous of you, because of Jason.  Before you came to St. Valery, he seemed to like me, and I loved him so,” she moaned, choking back a sob.  “I’d give my life willingly if I could only turn back time and stop the evil that I caused.  I saw you and Jason in the garden that morning.  I followed you and watched the way he kissed you.  I hid in the bushes and heard you agree to meet him,” Anne rushed on, trying to control her voice. “I was crazy with jealousy and hate.  I wanted you both to hurt the way I was hurting.  I couldn’t stand the thought of his loving anyone else.  I swear, Laura, I had no idea that Arnulfo was so evil, so terribly cruel.  I swear I never wanted anything like this to happen.”
Laura silently looked down at Anne’s pale face.  Tears poured in a torrent down both of their cheeks.  She put her hand on Anne’s shoulder.  “Go on, Anne, tell me what happened,” she whispered hoarsely.  
“I ran away before you and Jason left the bushes. Angrily, I threw your sewing down on the bench.  When your prayer book fell to the ground, a piece of paper fell out.  It was a love poem.  I took it with me. My jealousy and anger destroyed everything I loved and cared about. I shall never be cured of the burden of guilt I carry.  Jason’s blood and your injury is on my hands, and I can never wash it away,” she sobbed.
 “Anne, how could you do that to one you loved?” Anne asked quietly.
“I swear, I didn’t know how evil Arnulfo was.  I was so stupid, blinded by my jealousy.  I took your poem and told him what I had seen and heard.  I thought he would just forbid you to see him again.  I didn’t know he would hurt you like he did or that he would have Jason killed.  Of course, he blamed Jason’s death on a group of robbers, but none have been captured or punished.  Now you know why I hate myself!  I wish with all my heart that I could undo the evil I have caused both of you.  Now Jason’s dead and you have been tortured and crippled, and it is all my fault.  I wish I had died in his place!”
Anne buried her face in her hands and sobbed uncontrollably.  Laura stared down at Anne.  All was quiet except for the muffled sound of Anne’s sobs and Laura’s slow, steady breathing as she fought to control her emotions.  With a moan, she sank down on the floor by Anne.  Putting her arms around Anne’s shaking form, Laura held her close, stroking her hair and gently rocking her back and forth.
“Hush, Anne.  We’ve both suffered enough for a lifetime.  I forgive you, Anne.  You had no way of knowing what would happen.  I’m sure Jason would feel the same if he were here.  Your kindness to me has made up for all that has happened,” Laura whispered. “Don’t cry, for I too have felt responsible for Jason’s death.  I know how that guilt can torment the mind and destroy the heart.  Perhaps, in your own way, you have suffered as much as I did.”
”Why would you feel responsible for Jason’s death?” Anne asked between sobs.
“After I went to the garden to meet Jason that night, I called out his name to one standing in the shadows.  It was Arnulfo.  He said I had betrayed and condemned Jason with my words and actions.  I have tortured myself since that night with regrets, but now my heart has some peace.  Please, Anne, try to forgive yourself.  together we shall survive.  Jason would want us to go on.  We will both have our memories of him to comfort us.”
“Laura, you are so kind and sweet. No wonder Jason loved you.  I will always serve you.  I swear, I’d rather die before I’d let anyone hurt you again.  I will always be your friend, your devoted servant.  I can’t believe you have forgiven me,” Anne cried.
“Maybe I can help bring you some peace like you have given me some.  It truly wasn’t your fault or mine, Anne.  Arnulfo planned to kill Jason long before you told him about our kiss.  It just hurried it along.  I was punished not so much for the kiss, but because I lied to him and because I scratched his face and made it bleed.  He told me he never intended to surrender the Barony to Jason.  Even if you had not said a word, Arnulfo would have found an excuse to kill Jason to keep from having to surrender St. Valery.  Arnulfo planned it and did it all, Anne.  We were merely tiny pieces on his chess board, like pawns sacrificed so the king could triumph.  We were his pawns and his victims, too.  Let’s talk no more of guilt.  It is all in the past, and we cannot change it no matter how much we wish or pray. It is all in the past.  From now on, we shall help each other.  Together we will survive.”
They sat together in silence on the floor, comforting each other, as the day came to a close.  The last rays of the afternoon sun shone through the open shutters of the large window on the great seaside wall of Laura’s bedchamber.  It cast a warm reddish glow over the room.
“Anne, would you help me up?  With your help, I’d like to try to walk again. The shoes you made feel so soft on my feet,” Laura added.
Anne wiped her tears away and stood up.  She reached down and helped Laura stand.  Laura winced with pain and stifled a moan.  Anne kept her arm around Laura as they moved slowly across the room from the bed to the divan near the window.  Laura sank down on the cushions with a sigh.  “I still feel so weak and unsteady,” Laura said.   “Will you help me again? I feel like a child learning to stand and walk all over again.  Thanks to your shoes, I think I will be able to walk normally again, but I’ll need your help until I can regain my strength.”
“I’ll gladly help you, Laura.  Just tell me what to do. When you feel up to it, we shall begin walking out into the courtyard and garden,” Anne said, although a look of sadness crossed her face at the mention of the garden.
Laura squeezed her hand.  “Don’t be upset, Anne.  We both have reasons to dread going to the garden, but we shall overcome that, too.  I have many happy memories of time spent with Jason there, not just the last painful one.  I’ll always think of Jason and feel close to him when I go there.  I know he would want us to go on.  He was always so kind and so filled with the joy of living.  We owe it to Jason’s memory and to ourselves to get over this.”
“I shall go wherever you want me to go, even to hell and back.  I’ll never stop loving you for forgiving me,” Anne said gratefully.  “Everyone has been asking about you when I go to fetch your meals.  Arnulfo told everyone you had an accident with your chamber lantern overturned, and you burned your feet.  They all send their love and kind wishes.  You have many friends here in the barony. They will be so glad to see you when you start going outside.”
“Do they know what happened—about Jason and me?  How can I face them, especially if they think I was in some way responsible for his death?” Laura asked.
“No one blames you.  In fact, you are something of a hero.  They know Arnulfo was so enraged about something that he seriously injured you.  Most realize now what a cruel beast he has become.  They don’t know why you were mistreated, but they are sure you were blameless.  Anyone who defies Arnulfo is a hero to most of them.  Since Jason’s death, Arnulfo has been worse than before.  Everyone fears and hates him.  No one can prove he was responsible for Jason’s death, but they all believe he was involved in some way.  As for Jason, Arnulfo announced with many false tears that his dear nephew had been killed when he was attacked by a gang of robbers he and a small group of guards had set out to capture. When Arnulfo’s guards returned to the castle, they said they saw two of the robbers stab him and throw his body over the cliff.  Two of the other guards were injured and one died in the fighting.  The guards pursued the men as they fled, but could not catch them.  It was dark when Jason fell from the cliff and landed on the rocks below.  It was too dark to climb down the cliff, so they camped out on the top of the cliff.  During the night, a fierce storm came in and raged all night.  When they managed to climb down the cliff the next morning, his body had apparently been washed out to sea by the storm tide. His shield was found on the edge of the cliff, but his body was gone, apparently carried out to sea. Each day for three weeks, people from the barony patrolled the beaches near the cliffs, but his body has still not been found,” Anne explained.
“Poor Jason!” Laura cried. “He was too good and too young to die in such a horrible way.  Now, I learn his body was not recovered so I can’t even take flowers to his grave to show my love for him.  He always spoke of the people living on his estate with such love.  Since I cannot do service to Jason, I shall dedicate my life to love and help and encourage the people of St. Valery that he loved so much.  I shall put aside my sorrow and shyness and do this in his memory,” Laura vowed.
“And, if you will allow me, I will help you do this in his memory, as a small way to atone for my guilt and because I did love him, too,” Anne added.
Laura squeezed her hand.  “We shall work on this together. No more talk of sorrow or guilt.  There are so many who are having trouble now.  Let us make a plan and begin working on it.  I have some clothes that I brought from Tres Mortes that no longer fit.  Which of the children may need a new set of clothes?  We can start there and see where it goes after that is finished.”
Anne brought out the garments and they began taking them apart.  When Anne left to get Laura’s dinner from the great dining hall, she was stopped several times by people inquiring about Laura’s health and when she would be returning to eat in the dining hall.  She hurried into the kitchen to get the food for Laura.  The cook greeted her and asked about Laura, too.
Anne reported, “My lady is doing much better today.  She is beginning to walk a little more each day.  I am hoping we can start walking out into the garden.  The fresh air and sunshine would do her good.”
“That would be such a blessing.  My little girls ask about her every day.  Of all the ladies, she always took note of them and greeted them with a smile, like they were free-born.  She is a great lady.”
“How old are your girls now?” Anne asked.
“See for yourself, ma’am,” she answered.  “My oldest girl is Beatrice.  She’s been sprouting up like a spring wildflower.  That’s her carrying the pitcher into the main hall.”
Anne glanced over and saw a girl of about twelve near the door.  Anne quickly made a note of her size and appearance.  She smiled to herself when she noticed how short her much patched skirt was.
As was her duty, Anne took the silver pitcher in and served Arnulfo, seated alone at the main table.  She poured a small amount of wine into a cup, and then she drank it in front of Arnulfo.  She felt his eyes staring at her as she drank the red wine.
“You are looking well tonight,” he remarked.  “What news of Laura’s progress?  When will she be returning to sit at the main table?  People are talking about her long absence.  I want her here at this table soon,” he ordered.  “The people need to see that she is well and back at her place.”
“My Lord, please be patient; she is just beginning to stand and walk by herself.  The pain is still intense,” Anne started to explain.
“I am not concerned about her pain,” he answered coldly, “but I am growing tired of your excuses.  She must begin attending dinner here soon.”
“I will try to speed her return,” she said and quickly left to bring Laura’s supper.
To get her mind off Arnulfo’s words, Anne told Laura about talking to the cook. She reported, “The cook pointed out Beatrice, her oldest daughter.  She has grown a lot this year, and her tunic is well above her ankles. It has also been patched several of times.  I think Beatrice would be a wonderful person to help.  She would look very pretty in the yellow material you have saved from your old tunic.  She is twelve now and about a foot shorter than you.”
“I remember her very well. She is such a pretty little girl.  I agree she sounds like a perfect one to start with.  Let’s get started on it in the morning,” Laura agreed. “It will be good to begin doing something useful again.”
Chapter 7
The next morning, while they were talking about making the new dress for the cook’s daughter, Laura noticed Anne was staring into space, her mind obviously not on her sewing. “Is anything wrong?” she asked.
“I’m sorry.  It is hard for me to go to the dining hall sometimes.  Everyone asks about you, including Arnulfo,” she said quietly.  
Laura looked up anxiously. “What did he say?”
“He said he wants you to start eating at the main table with him,” Anne reported.
“How can he ask that after what he did?” Laura answered.
“He knows people are talking and noticing your absence.  He wants you there so some of the gossiping will stop.  He wants you there soon,” Anne said slowly.
Tears welled up in her eyes as she said, “I know I have no choice about this.  He has all the power, but I hate him so.”
“Let’s not spoil today talking about him,” Laura said.  “Will you get the material and my sewing box so we can start making her a pretty new garment to wear,”
Anne went to the chest inside the closet where the material was stored.  She took it out, grabbed the sewing box, and rejoined Laura near the window.  They began cutting and piecing the material together. Laura began carefully figuring and started cutting the material and sewing it together.  When Laura grew tired, she rested for a while on her bed, then gingerly walked to the divan, and began sewing again.  
Later she read a prayer from her prayer book to Anne.   Sometimes, in quiet thought, she stared out the window at the restless sea or at the birds soaring above the cliffs.
When Anne left to gather her lunch, Laura sighed and looked around her room. It was larger than the one she had lived in as a child at Tres Mortes.  She examined it while she waited patiently for Anne’s return.  She thought about her arrival at St. Valery, and how it had first impressed her.
As the heir to a powerful estate, she had been given a bedchamber of her own.  It was larger and better furnished than most of the other rooms in the grand keep tower.  At the far end of the room, Laura’s huge canopied bed dominated one wall.  The canopy and frame were of heavy, ornately carved dark wood.  The wooden top completely covered the length and width of the bed.  At night, heavy curtains were pulled around it to shut out the damp night air.  During the day, the curtains were pulled back and tied out of the way with small cords.
A few steps from the bed, a large walk in wardrobe closet was built along one wall.  As a nobleman’s daughter, Laura had many sets of clothes unlike most of the other people who received a new set of clothes once or twice a year depending on the wealth and generosity of their feudal lord.  All of the clothes hanging in the closet had been brought from Laura’s home at Tres Mortes when she had been sent to live at St. Valery after her father’ death.  Arnulfo did not believe in giving more that he was required to do by common practice, so he had not yet given her anything new.  Although Laura had more and finer made clothes than the common people at St. Valery, she always dressed in a simple, modest manner.  Her one concession to fashion was the small colored ribbons with golden threads she wove into the large braids of blond hair which hung below her shoulders. 
About five feet from the wardrobe closet, there was a small wooden table.  Laura’s comb of delicate carved ivory and her hair brush sat on a small silver tray which had belonged to her mother.  Hanging on the wall was a small polished metal circle which served as her mirror.  Unlike many of the young maids at St. Valery, Laura did not stand for hours gazing at her reflection.
Covering the long inner wall of the bedchamber was a large tapestry.  Although it was dusty and faded, Laura enjoyed looking at the many figures spread out over its surface. The scene showed a great tournament and trade fair.  There were knights in all styles of armor mounted on chain-mail covered horses with their squires riding behind them bearing their lances and shields.  In booths and scattered among the fairgoers, merchants hawked their wares while jugglers and troubadours entertained groups of nobles and peasants.  Laura’s eyes often dropped to the lower corner where a tall knight in a flowing tunic sat mounted on a large white stallion waiting for the jousting to begin.  :Laura usually went over and touched the young knight’s design.  “If only Jason were alive, he’d be a knight by now.  That’s the way he would have looked, so tall and handsome and brave,” she thought wistfully.
On days when it was stormy and cold, the shutters were pulled shut.  Today, like most pleasant days, Laura left the shutters open so she could hear the crashing of the waves on the rocky cliffs far below her window.  It was a sheer drop of thirty feet from her window ledge to the top of the cliff and another forty-five to the pounding surf.
Besides Anne, few other people had ever visited Anne in her bedchamber.  It was her sanctuary where she felt safest.  Anne’s soft knock on the heavy door, brought Laura out of her reverie.  She called, “Come in, Anne.”
Anne entered and sat the tray on the small table.  She brought the plate over to Laura.  “The cook sent you a special treat, some fresh baked cookies, she thought you might enjoy.  After eating the meal, Laura offered Anne a cookie.  They had just finished eating them when a heavy knock sounded on the door.
Anne jumped up and hurried to open the door.  She quickly stepped aside, and Arnulfo strode into Laura’s bedchamber.  “I see you are well now,” he announced as he moved to stand in front of the divan where Laura was sitting.  If he felt any remorse for his actions, he showed nothing by his words, expression, or manners.
Laura’s face paled and her hands trembled noticeably.  Her eyes opened with fear at his sudden appearance.  Her breathing became more rapid, and she felt a sudden chill spreading down her back making her shiver.
“You are looking well tonight, Anne,” he said with a smile twisting his lips.  Turning his attention to Laura, he nodded and said, “Now that you have recovered, I expect you to take your place at the head table with me again.  People have missed you, and so have I.  When do you think you will join us again?”
“I.. I can’t,” she stammered unsteadily.
“Yes, you can, and you will!  You shall start coming down very soon.  It is important to me to stop some of the idle gossip.  Anne, you are to bring her down to dinner starting tomorrow.  I will hold you personally responsible for bringing her down tomorrow night,” He ordered.
Anne begged, “Surely you can give her more time. She still cannot walk without pain.  Can’t we put this off?”
“I gave an order, and I expect it to be obeyed!  Tomorrow night, she is to be seated next to me, and,” he said turning to address Laura, “you are to act as though nothing bad has happened.”  Arnulfo moved closer to the divan.  He towered over them.  The light from the candle on the table cast deep shadows across his face making his black hair and beard and his dark eyes appear even more sinister than usual.  His dark green outer garment contrasted sharply with the maroon mantle which hung loosely from his broad shoulders.  His large hand rested on the hilt of the dagger which he wore on the belt around his waist.
“How can you ask that of me?” Laura gasped.
“I don’t ask it.  I demand it!” he thundered. “Laura, will you obey?”
“I don’t know if I can act like nothing has happened,” Laura stuttered.
“Have you learned nothing about me yet?  You have seen and felt my anger once.  I demand your total obedience to everything I say.  No more lies or disobedience will be tolerated, or you will feel my anger again,” he threatened ominously.
Laura shuddered and sobbed, “I will obey.  Please don’t hurt me again.”
“That’s better,” he said, turning to face Anne again.  He looked closely at her, his dark eyes moving slowly down her body as if he were stripping away her clothes.  She felt color rising to her neck and face.  She quickly looked down, unable to look into his eyes, trying to avoid the leering expression on his face.  “After you help Laura get ready for bed, you will report to my chambers,” he said slowly.  “Do not keep me waiting too long.  You will do as I wish?” he added.
Anne’s face flushed, and she trembled under his gaze.  “I will obey,” she murmured. 
“Good, I shall see you later tonight.  Do not provoke my anger,” he warned them again before closing the door and walking down the hall.
After he left, Laura began crying.  “How can I pretend nothing is wrong when Jason is dead, and I can barely walk?” Laura wailed.  “If I act like everything is all right, it denies the evil that he’s done.  I don’t care about myself, but how can I ignore Jason’s death?”
“I understand how you feel, Laura.  I feel the same way, but what choice do we have except to obey?  He thinks nothing about torturing or killing us.  He is the devil! I truly believe he enjoys hurting people.  Jason wouldn’t want you to be hurt,” Anne said.
Laura looked up through her tears.  “I’m so afraid of him, Anne.  I’d rather die than be near him.  With my father dead, and now Jason, too, I don’t care if I live or die, but I am so terrified of being tortured again, I know I must obey him, but I despise him so!”
“I know, Laura.  For now we must do as he says.  Some day when Jason’s father returns, (May God protect him and bring him home soon) you will be needed to tell what really happened to Jason and yourself.  Remember our vow to help and be kind to all those on the Barony that Jason loved.  With Arnulfo’s evilness, they need you more than ever,” Anne urged.
 “Oh, Anne,” Laura cried.  “I know you are right.  I feel so frightened, but I will try to obey that demon.”
After getting Laura settled for the night, Anne walked out of her bedchamber and began walking down the steps to the grand hall where she put the dirty dishes in the kitchen.  The building was dimly lit as Anne began walking through the dining hall.  As she approached the Baron’s chamber, Anne’s steps slowed, and she stopped in front of his chamber door.  Marko, one of Adolfo’s guards, moved aside with a low laugh as he opened the chamber door to let her enter.  She blushed a deep red at his look, hesitated for a moment, and then entered quietly.
“Come in, Anne,” Arnulfo said as he saw her standing near the doorway.  She walked past him and stood near the center of the bedchamber.  He closed the door and locked it behind him.
“I’m glad to see you obeyed.  I’ve thought about you for a long time.  I know you are a smart girl, and a pretty one, too,” he added with an appreciative look as he crossed the room to stand close beside her.
Anne looked up at Arnulfo towering over her.  His dark eyes stared at her face, lightly resting on her eyes before moving down to her small red lips and then dropping down to stare hungrily at the round fullness of her firm, young breasts.  His sensuous lips twisted into a lecherous smile.  One huge candle on the small table by his huge platform  bed was lit.  The heavy curtains were already partially pulled around his bed, and the blankets were turned back.  The candle cast flickering shadows accentuating the sinister look of his face.
Anne tried to look away, but Arnulfo’s hand grabbed her chin, forcing her to look up at him again.
“Why have you called me to come here?” she asked in a low, quavering voice.
“My God, aren’t you woman enough to understand?  How delightful,” he laughed at her sudden blush of understanding.  “You are still a maiden.  How rich!  Tonight you shall become a woman in my bed,” he whispered triumphantly.  His rough hands seized her shoulders and dragged her body tightly against his, while his arms closed around her like steel bands, her lips were captured and bruised by his fierce, demanding kiss.  Anne tried to struggle, but his strength was too much for her.  When she tried to twist away, his arms tightened further, and she could not breathe.  Weak and half-dazed, she stopped fighting.  His mouth released hers, and his arms loosened suddenly.  She swayed dizzily against him.
“That’s better,” he said with a deep laugh.  “Do all that I demand willingly or I shall take it by force and then punish you severely.  You, above all people, know how dearly Laura paid for her lies and disobedience,” he added darkly.
“Please, don’t do this,” Anne begged.  “There are others more womanly who want your favors and your attention.  Please let me go.”
“I know there are other women, but they bore me.  For now, Anne, I want you,” he said thickly.  “Your struggles and your begging just make me want you more.  Since you came and told me about Jason and Laura, I have watched you and waited for this night.  For me, I have been patiently waiting for Laura to recover and not require all of your time.  Tonight I will wait no longer.  Come.  I will have you now—one way or the other,” he ordered.
His hands moved possessively along her body, molding and pressing her small body against his.  Slowly, he began exploring the contours of her body, following the curve of her waist and full hips, and them reaching up to squeeze her breasts.  His mouth crushed against hers, and he brutally forced her lips apart.  His tongue entered her mouth, and he became even more enflamed by her sweet innocence.  His hand seized her breast and squeezed it roughly.  Tears came into her eyes at the sudden pain. 
“Which way will it be, Anne?  You know my strength and how cruel I can be when I am angry.  Will you come now and satisfy my desires, or would you rather I take Laura?  Since that day, I’ve thought about her, too,” he added with a dark laugh.
The memory of Laura’s frightened face from that afternoon flashed into Anne’s mind.  She knew Arnulfo would do whatever he wanted.  Anne knew there was no escape for her.  Her fate was inevitable.  She resolved that she would not let him hurt Laura again. ”No, please don’t hurt Laura anymore.  I couldn’t bear that.  Leave her alone, and I will do whatever you want,” she sobbed, trembling violently.
“Anything?  No struggling or turning away?” he asked darkly.
“Yes,” Anne sobbed. “You win.  Just leave her alone.”
“All right!  As long as you satisfy all my desires, I’ll leave her alone,” he moaned with a triumphant laugh.”  Releasing his hold on her, he stepped back and said, “Take off your clothes, so I may see the prize I shall soon possess.”
Anne stepped back, frantically wanting to run away, her cheeks flaming with shame.  Arnulfo grabbed her and forced her to face him.  “Obey me now, or, by God, I will bring Laura here and force you to watch me take her instead.  Then I shall take you as well.  Will you obey me totally?”
“I will obey you,” she cried brokenly.  With trembling hands, she untied the small embroidered girdle that was around her waist and let it drop to the floor.  Arnulfo smiled and walked over and sat on the edge of his bed and watched.  His eyes followed her every movement, captivated by the look of hatred, fear and panic in her eyes and intrigued by the distress she was feeling.  Anne pulled her outer gown over her shoulders, and let it drop to the floor beside her girdle.  Her face was flushed and tears streamed down her cheeks as she untied the straps that held up her chemise slip.  The silky, cream colored material slid down her body, first revealing the firm roundness of her breasts.  Then it slipped past her waist, slowly cascaded over the fullness of her hips to the floor by her feet.
Arnulfo groaned with delight and desire at the sight of the full round curves of her body and the pure whiteness of her skin as she stood naked before him.
“Come here,” he ordered with his voice thick with desire, “now you shall undress me.”  With wooden movements, she walked to stand in front of him.  He reached out and pulled her limp body to him.  His mouth sought the rich fullness of her breast while his hands possessively searched the contours of her body.  “Undress me quickly, Anne,” he ordered, his hands still stroking her body. “I want you now.” 
With fumbling hands, she helped him remove his outer garments, then his shirt, and finely his fine white linen under garments.  He pulled her hungrily to him. When he felt the full length of her naked body pressed against his hard muscular body, it further enflamed his desire.  He lifted her onto the bed and lay down on top of her.  “Kiss me and caress my body until I tell you to stop,” he ordered, forcing her legs apart with his hands.  
With rough brutal hands, he explored every area of her young body. When he forced his hand inside, she cried out in pain.  His hands fondled her breasts while his fingers and lips teased her nipples until they were firm and hard.  His mouth devoured her body with force and skill until Anne writhed with aroused desire at the skill and strength of his passion.  Her body arched and pressed against him.  She uttered a muffled scream when he forced her legs further apart and drove deep into the core of her woman’s body as he took the last of her innocence with a savage fury.  When he was satisfied, he rolled off with a triumphant cry.
Tears rolled down her cheeks afterwards as she sobbed beside him.  “I don’t know which was more satisfying: the feel of your young body or the knowledge that, in spite of your hatred for me, you responded and pleased me more than any other woman.  You have captured my attention like no other.  Watching you grow aroused and responding to me was incredible.  You were definitely worth the wait.  Now you are mine,  I will want you in my bed again.  Whenever I call for you, you will come to me.  There is much I want to do to you, with you,” he added.  After forcing her to submit to his desires again, he pushed her out of his chamber and sent her in tears to her room.
At the sight of her partially clothed body as she fled down the hallway, Marko, Arnulfo’s guard, laughed and leered at her, and tried to pull her gown away.  She dodged and dashed down the hall.  Anne hurriedly ran into her room.  Shame filled her, not just because of what he had done to her, but, because of how her body had betrayed her.  In spite of her hatred and fear of him, he had aroused her and she had 
responded to his maleness.  Remembering how she had clung to him as he forced her to respond, she wished that she could cut off her arms and destroy her traitorous body.
She shuddered remembering his parting words. “You will come to me like this whenever I call for you, Anne,” he added with a laugh.  “Tonight was just the beginning.  There is more, much more, that I will do to you, much I will teach you about how to please me, and I shall force you to respond just as you did tonight.  You belong to me now,” he had whispered against her ear.  That memory sent chills down her back, and she cried knowing she could not stop him or her own treacherous body. 
“I hate him, but I must obey or he will take Laura.  I can’t let that happen.  She has suffered so much at his hands already because of me.  I can’t take away the sins and hurts from the past, but maybe I can keep him for hurting her more.  Maybe this is my way to pay for my sins.  Oh, God, please help us all,” she cried again and again.
Chapter 8
The next morning, when Anne came to Laura’s room, she knocked softly and then opened the door, and walked inside.  Laura was already dressed and seated at the divan.  The yellow material was draped over the divan while she measured and cut the pieces for Beatrice’s new garment. 
Anne said, “I am sorry I am late this morning.  I was not feeling well last night, and I didn’t sleep until very late.  Please excuse my tardiness.”
“There is no reason for you to come to my room so early.  Now that my feet are better, I am able to get my own clothes from the closet and dress myself,” Laura said.  “You are my Lady in Waiting, but, even more important, you are my friend.  Although I love your company, you deserve to have more time to yourself.  Are you feeling well this morning?”
“I shall live, but I am tired this morning.   What would you like me to do to help you?”  Anne asked.
“I know what I want you to do.  Please, lie down on my bed and get some long overdue rest.  After all the sleep you lost while taking care of me, you deserve some time off.  You look pale today, and I am worried about you,” Laura said firmly.
“I don’t feel right sleeping while you are working,” Anne said.
“Must I make it an order?” Laura said with a giggle.  “Please rest some.  I will need your help this afternoon to get ready to go to dinner in the great hall.  No matter how much I dread it, I know I must do it.  If I don’t, he will be furious, and he said he would hold you responsible if I didn’t go.  I won’t let that happen.  Together, if you help me walk that far, we will make our appearance.”
Reluctantly Anne stretched out on Laura’s bed.  After a few minutes, she fell into a restless sleep.  About two hours later, she woke up and stretched lazily.
“Hello, sleepy head,” Laura said.  “How do you feel now?”
“I must admit that I feel much better now.  What can I do to help?” Anne asked.
“The work has gone very well, I think.  Hold it up so I can judge the correct length for the hem.  Do you think it will fit her?” Laura asked.  For several hours, they worked on the sewing.  As the time to get ready to go to the main hall approached, Laura carefully put the sewing material into the chest in her closet.  Anne helped Laura change into a simple blue gown that she would wear at the meal.
“Anne, I am so frightened about going down to sit by Arnulfo.  Please pray with me that we shall both survive this without drawing his anger.  If I could just sit elsewhere, it wouldn’t be so hard,” Laura sighed.
“I will gladly pray for both of us, and I will stay as near as I can.  I know you can do it.  God will protect you, for you have done nothing wrong.  God’s punishment is reserved for those who have sinned,” Anne said quietly.
When the first bell sounded calling all to come to dinner, Laura took Anne’s arm and began the slow, painful walk down the stairs to the long corridor leading to the great dining hall.  After walking to the bottom of the steps, Laura was feeling weak and dizzy.  She clung to Anne’s arm.  Anne put her arm around Laura and half-carried her down the hallway.  When they approached the dining room door, David and Kevin, two young squires who had trained to serve Jason, hurried over to Laura’s side. 
They held her arms and carefully supported her weight between them.  Laura’s feet barely skimmed the floor as they crossed the dining hall. They lifted her up the step by the table and placed her on the cushioned bench behind the head table.  Arnulfo’s chair was still empty.  Laura looked at them, fighting to keep the tears that were swimming in her eyes from overflowing and running down her cheeks.
“Thank you, my friends, for your help and kindness,” she said, tenderly kissing Anne’s cheek. “Thank you for helping me walk and for welcoming me back.  Now please return to your places.  I know you were close to Jason, and I mourn his loss with you also. Leave before Arnulfo comes in.  I don’t want you to draw his anger for helping me.  God bless you,” she said quietly to the two young men standing beside the table.
“We are at your service, Laura, and will help you as much as you need.  Jason spoke highly of you,” Kevin said before walking back to his place.
She gave them a fleeting smile; then she looked down at the table.  She was  conscious of all the eyes in the room looking at her.  Anne stood next to the table and spoke softly to her.
In a few minutes, Arnulfo entered, followed closely by his personal guards.  He mounted the step and sat down in his huge covered chair.  Looking over at Laura, he smiled smugly and said, “I am glad to see you have joined us tonight, Laura.  That was a very smart thing to do.  You are looking well, but we expect to see you smiling the way you used to do at dinner.”  He slowly glanced around the dining hall and then announced, “Let the meal be served.” 
Many people curiously glanced at the head  table during the meal, but no one overtly stared.  Something in Arnulfo’s expression kept the diners quieter than normal.  Since Jason’s death and Laura’s mysterious absence, the mood had been somber. The people ate their food quickly with little talking.    The people ate quieter than their usual manner.  The pucelles, pages, squires, and ladies-in-waiting scurried to serve the long tables as quickly as possible.  Laura smiled at each one as they offered one dish then another.
Laura ate very little, just picking at her food.  Her eyes rarely looked up from her plate.  Once she glanced over to the other end of the table, hoping and praying that the weeks since she had last eaten in the dining hall had just been a terrible nightmare and that Jason would be seated in his customary seat at the right of Arnulfo.  Laura drew in a sharp breath and began trembling when she noticed his chair was gone.  Anne, noticing her distress, hurried over and poured a small glass of wine.
“Courage,” she whispered.   “It will be over soon.”
Laura sighed, “This is the last place I ever saw Jason.  How long ago that seems!”
“He’s watching you, Laura.  Quick, smile.  Remember something happy,” Anne warned her as she moved to refill Arnulfo’s goblet.
Laura looked down at her plate again.  Through half-closed eyelids, she tried to picture Jason’s face the time they had kissed. His eyes, his incredibly blue eyes, so deep and penetrating, appeared first, followed by the memory of his lips and his strong chin.  At the thought of his gentle kindness, his strength, and his friendliness, Laura was able to look up and smile.  She tried to hang on to all the good memories and lock them safely in her heart.
After Arnulfo had eaten his fill, he summoned a troubadour and juggler to come and entertain.  Always happy to have entertainment, the people cheered soundly when he finished his songs and tricks.  As the noise died down, Arnulfo rose from the table signaling that dinner and the festivities were over.  It was time for all to return to their places for the night.  Soon the Seneschal would make his nightly rounds and see that all outer doorways and gates were securely locked for the night.  It was his job to make sure everything was safe and secure before bringing the massive ring of keys to Arnulfo’s chamber.  Arnulfo, as ruler of the Barony, held the keys during the night.  Nothing would be unlocked in the morning until he gave the keys back to the Seneschal.
After he was gone, Laura sighed and looked around for Anne.  Before Anne had finished putting the wine cask away, David and Kevin appeared by her chair.
“Laura,” Kevin said with a shy smile, “Let us help you back to your chamber.  You are light as a feather to us, and we would be honored to help you.  You are too heavy for Anne to support you that far.”
“Let us be your legs until you are stronger,” David urged with a low bow..
Laura smiled up at them. “You are both so kind and good.  I’ll take you up on your offer until I am stronger.  Just be careful of Arnulfo.  I don’t want him to notice and be angry with you, but thank you again for your help.”
After most of the people had left the dining room, Anne came back to the main table.  David and Kevin lifted Laura up and helped her walk back to her bedchamber.  As she passed by, everyone smiled and greeted her.  They told her how they had missed her, and how happy they were to see her again.  Anne walked slowly along behind them.  Once at the bedchamber door, Anne opened it and helped Laura inside.
“Well done, Laura,” Anne congratulated her.  “You were very brave.  I was so proud of you.”
“With your nearness, I felt calmer and was able to survive.  I cannot get over how warmly people greeted me.  That made it easier to face them again,” Laura admitted.  “I hate to admit how exhausted I feel tonight, but I know without David and Kevin and you helping me, I would not have made it up the stairs to my room.  Thank you again, my sweet friend.”
As always, after dinner, Anne helped Laura change into the simple gown she wore to bed.  It was a flowing gown of finest linen.  She bathed Laura’s feet and put soothing lotion on them before preparing to leave for the night.  Laura noticed Anne‘s hands trembled slightly and she seems distracted.  Neither girl talked much; both were lost in their own thoughts.  As Anne lingered after Laura was seated in bed, she noticed how pale Anne’s face had become.
“Oh, Anne.  I forgot about your illness this morning.  I forgot about your troubles.  You should have left earlier and gone to bed.  I was so lost in my thoughts, I forgot about Arnulfo’s summoning you to his chambers.  What did he want?” Laura asked.
“It is nothing for you to worry about, my lady.  Just rest tonight, and I will see you in the morning,” Anne said from near the doorway.  She quickly turned away so Laura would not see the blush creeping over her face.
“Good night, Anne.  Sleep well.  I will pray for you and for both of us to feel better.  Hopefully, in the morning you will be rested and will feel well,” Laura said as the door closed behind Anne.
With each passing day, Laura grew stronger.  The pain, when she stood and walked, gradually lessened.  With Anne’s constant care, they began to gradually walk longer distances.  At first, she tired easily and felt dizzy, but this lessened as she continued forcing herself to walk more.
Early one morning, Anne helped Laura walk down the back stairs. Opening the lower door, they emerged into the sunlit area of the inner garden.  Laura paused before slowly walking away from the doorway.  A gentle sea breeze rustled through the leaves of a giant oak tree.  The smell of the ocean permeated the air and became mixed with the fragrance of the flowers which were blooming in profusion in the garden.  Laura stood motionless for a moment.  Although Laura felt the warm sun shining on her back, a strange chill swept over her.  She shivered and gripped Anne’s arm tighter.
“How strange it feels to be out in the garden again,” she murmured.  “It seems amazing that everything looks the same, and yet I feel so different.  Help me to the bench.  I’d like to sit there for a while.”
Anne helped her across the uneven ground to a small bench in a semi-shaded area near the oak tree.  Laura sank down with a sigh.  Anne sat quietly beside her.  For several minutes, neither spoke.  They sat silent, each absorbed in their own thoughts.  Both seemed oblivious to the sounds of the birds and the feel of the breeze gently blowing across their faces.
When Anne looked at Laura, she saw there were tears in her eyes.  Laura glanced at Anne and a fleeting smile played across her face and quickly disappeared.  “I always loved the peacefulness of this spot.  How much it reminds me of Jason,” Laura sighed.  “The happiest times I ever spent at St. Valery were here, talking with him.  I realize now that I had fallen in love with Jason.  I had never felt that way before.  I loved him so much.  I wish I would have told him.  Maybe, somewhere in heaven now, he can hear my words.”
“I’m so sorry,” Anne stammered, fighting back her own tears.
“No more tears, Anne.  It is done and you are forgiven.  You never meant to harm us.  Please, don’t cry.  We have work to do.  Remember our vow of service in his name.  There are so many people here that need help.  We can’t just sit and feel sorry for ourselves and cry,” Laura said.
“You are right, my lady.  Just tell me what to do,” Anne replied quickly.
“In my closet, there are several garments that no longer fit me.  We can use them to create new clothes for some of the others here who need them more than I do.  After seeing how happy Beatrice was when we gave her the new yellow gown, I am eager to get started on a new project.  Do you know someone who might need our help?” Laura asked..
I did notice two little twin girls, daughters of Ian, the stable master’s assistant, yesterday.  They were wearing very old looking tunics.  It would be wonderful to see them dressed alike in something pretty,” Anne replied.
“I think there is ample material in my old gown, the blue and green one, to make gowns for two little girls.  Bring the red and the green one, too.  Don’t forget the sewing box.  We can get started on them this morning,” Laura added excitedly.
Laura closed her eyes and drank in the soothing warmth of the sunlight.  She felt the soft caress of the wind against her cheeks.  A bird flew up to its nest high in the old tree and began warbling a cheerful song.
“Oh, Jason,” she thought wistfully, “How much I miss you!  No matter what happens in my life, I will always love you.”
By the time Anne returned with the material and sewing box, Laura was calm and eager to begin. All through the afternoon, they worked together, sometimes talking and giggling, but often they worked quietly absorbed in their own work and thoughts.
After dinner that night, Laura sat beside Anne on the divan in her bedchamber.  She glanced over at Anne, noticed her sad expression, and asked anxiously, “Anne,  are you all right?  For weeks now you have seemed nervous and sad.  Has something happened to upset you?  If you have a problem, let me try to help you.”
Anne looked over at Laura, a blush rushing up to color her cheeks.  Her hands trembled and a single tear rolled silently down her cheek.  She bit her lip to keep it from quivering.
Laura quickly laid her sewing down and put her arm around Anne’s shoulders.  “What’s wrong, Anne?  Please talk to me.  How can I help?”
Anne shuddered and covered her face with her hands.  “There is no way you can help me.  I feel so dirty and so terribly ashamed.  I wish I could just die and escape from this hell in which I am trapped,” she cried from the depths of her troubled heart.
“Poor, dear Anne.  What has happened?  Tell me.  Share your troubles with me.  You must rid your mind of these things that are bothering you,” Laura urged.
“I’m so ashamed.  Because of the evil thing I did, I deserve to be punished, but I am not brave and strong like you,” Anne sobbed brokenly. 
Laura held her and stroked her hair until her sobbing subsided.  Slowly Anne struggled to control herself.  “By going to Arnulfo and betraying you and Jason, I sealed my own doom.  He noticed me and decided to make me his mistress.  The night before you returned to eating with the others in the dining hall, he called me to his chambers and forced me to .. to..,” she broke off crying. ”He grabbed me and forced me into his bed.  I hate him, Laura!  I swear I hate him for the evil he did to you and Jason, but my body, my sex, betrayed me.  I didn’t want to feel anything but hate and contempt for him, but, after the way he touched me, I couldn’t resist anymore. I am so sick and ashamed!  Since then he has done such awful things—cruel, evil, hurtful things.  He is a monster.”  Anne shivered convulsively as she spoke.  She pulled up her long gown and chemise to reveal four long raw, red whip marks on her upper legs.  “These are his most recent ‘gifts’ to me,” she added with a bitter laugh.
Laura gasped, “Why did he whip you?”
“He just enjoys hurting people.  He has done other things, even worse, but I swear I’d rather have his blows and cruelty than his kisses or caresses. At least, they keep my hate alive.”
“Did you try to fight him?” Laura asked fearfully.
“No, not really.  I try to resist him, but I don’t fight him, but he hurts me no matter what I do,” she sighed.
“Then why don’t you strike out if he hurts you either way?” Laura asked.
“Of all people, you should know what he is capable of doing if I physically hurt him.  I don’t care about myself.  If he got angry and killed me, I’d finally find peace.  But he … Laura how can I tell you?  He is so evil and cruel!  It isn’t fear for myself that makes me submit to all his desires,” Anne admitted.
“What do you mean, Anne?” Laura pressed.
“He said if I did not satisfy him, he would take you in my place and force you to submit to him.  You have been hurt so much already because of me, I won’t let that happen.  Now you see; I belong to him.  I cannot fight or complain or disobey him, or both of us will suffer.”
Laura shuddered in horror and disbelief.  “He wouldn’t do that, would he?” she gasped.
“Laura, you know he will do whatever he wants to do.  He has no conscience.  He is Satan in the flesh!  This is the only way I can atone for the harm I caused you and Jason,” Anne murmured.  “Now I fear I am carrying that devil’s child in me.  Oh, God, I wish I could die!”
Laura looked at the misery in Anne’s face and cried, “My poor sweet Anne, what can I say or do that would help?”
“Just don’t turn away from me!  Many of the others shun me now.  They whisper just loud enough for me to hear that I am a Judas, a traitor, and not to be trusted.  That hurts me as much as his beatings.  Please believe me, Laura.  I hate him.  I want to see him destroyed as much as anyone else at St. Valery, but I am afraid to disobey.  Now I have learned I am pregnant with his baby coming, I am even more terrified.  It isn’t the baby’s fault that his father is a demon,” she said angrily.
“That’s terrible!  If only Jason’s father would come home soon.  We must not lose faith, Anne.  Someday we shall be avenged!  Until then, I will always be your friend.  We have shared so much sorrow,” Laura whispered.
“Please, Laura, if you value our lives at all, do not repeat this to anyone.  We have no reason to hope anymore.  One night after being with me, Arnulfo was in a rare talkative mood.  He bragged that he would never give up St. Valery.  I mentioned Baron Robert’s return, but he just laughed ominously.  He told me that a messenger had come from the East before Jason’s death and told him that Robert and the Duke of Sorvienne had been captured by the Infidels and were being held for ransom.  He bragged that he had the messenger killed, and he laughed at the thought of wasting money to ransom them.  He intends to let them die there, if they are not already dead.  Without them, we have no hope.  We are lost!” Anne cried in despair.
“If only we were men, we could stand up to him.  We’re just women, but we must never give up our hope that God will answer our prayers and deliver us all from this devil,” Laura said.
Chapter 9
Jason stared at the reflection in the small mirror hanging in the captain’s cabin. He could barely recognize the face that looked back at him.  “How much I have changed in the months I’ve been on the Sea Dog,” he thought in amazement.  “Even my father would not recognize this dark bearded face or my increased size.”
At the thought of his father, Jason’s face grew grave and forbidding.  It had been almost a year since Captain Allen had rescued him from the foot of the cliff where he had been left for dead.
The months working on the Sea Dog had filled out his arms and shoulders. His muscles rippled underneath the coarse material of his shirt.  His fair, pale skin had been deeply bronzed by the sun.  As his health had returned, he had grown bigger and stronger than he had ever been while living at St. Valery.  His hard work, courage, and good temperament had completely won over all the men in the crew from Captain Allen to the youngest cabin boy.  At the many ports of call, his knowledge and bargaining skills had helped increase everyone’s share when the time came for dividing the profits.  All the men came to trust his honesty and fairness at dividing the profits.
They had travelled far and traded at many places from Genoa to Alexandria, from Acre, Ascalon, and Jaffa to London.  Buying spices, jewels, rich fabrics, and tapestries from the East and trading them along the way to the Mediterranean cities for wine, tools, stores of grain, and lumber.  Jason’s knowledge of the varied peoples and their countries’ products and needs grew each day.  His fairness and honesty earned him friends in many distant cities.
Captain Allen had treated Jason like a son from the beginning.  He spent many hours working with him, teaching him all the skills of sailing and trading.  Jason worked hard and eagerly absorbed all that was presented to him, mastering it all with a modest attitude.
Captain Allen was a short, stocky man with a face as weathered and rough as dried leather.  His most striking features were his large brown eyes that twinkled as if he knew a marvelous secret.  He laughed loudly and freely at anything that struck his funny bone, but he never belittled his crew or others he met.  He treated others with respect, and gained their respect by his fair, honest actions.
Jason shook his head as if to bring himself out of his melancholy reverie.  “How quickly it happened!” he marveled.  While loading a cargo of heavy casks of wine about two months earlier in Alexandria, Egypt, the ropes securing the tall stacks of barrels had snapped.  A huge stack had shifted and thundered down on top of Captain Allen.  When the crew pulled the last barrel off, Captain Allen lay unmoving on the deck.  His head was twisted grotesquely to one side and blood oozed out of the corner of his mouth and left ear.  They had carried him as gently as they could to his cabin.  Jason worked frantically trying to help him.
“Cappy,” he said, “Cappy, how can I help you?  I don’t know what to do.  Help me, God,” he prayed.
“Jason, my lad, where are you?  I hear you, but I can’t see you,” Captain Allen moaned.
“I’m here, Cappy.  I’ve got your hand in mine.  You’re going to be all right,” he cried.
“My son, I’ve seen enough to know my neck’s broke.  I can’t move my arms or legs.  I’m bound to die.  The ship and all I have is yours, son. Be fair to my men, a finer crew no man ever sailed with than them.  God speed you all home.”  He moaned, “The pain is nearly gone, but it is so dark and cold,” he whispered  just before his eyes closed for the last time.  First came a gasp, then his body went limp as death entered and his soul departed.
Jason cried, “No, you can’t die.  Not like this!  Don’t leave us, Cappy,” he yelled.  “You mean so much to me. How can I lose you, too?”  Jason slumped down on the floor and rested his head on the bed where Cappy’s body lay in eternal stillness.  He covered his face with his hands and openly wept.  The rest of the crew, which had crowded into the cabin, silently filed out, each one to mourn in his own way.
Several minutes later, Mingo, Cappy’s First Mate, came in and spoke to Jason.  “What are your orders, Captain?  We heard Cappy’s final words.  You are the new owner and captain of the Sea Dog.  We await your orders, Captain.”  For a moment, Jason bowed his head, still in shock over Cappy’s sudden death.
When Jason looked up, he said, “I’ve never captained a ship.  You would be a better captain than I.  Mingo, will you help me and teach me what I need to do until I get my wits about me.  I trust you and the rest of the crew.  Together we will finish out this voyage as Cappy planned it.  After this voyage is finished, we shall decide what to do next,” Jason answered.
From his place by Cappy’s side, Jason heard Mingo address the crew.  “Secure the cargo, lads.  Then let’s set sail for Genoa and then to our home port.  Jason wants to continue and finish the voyage Captain Allen planned.  Let’s get underway.  Once we are at sea, we will prepare for Cappy’s burial.”
Jason stood up and began cleaning up Cappy’s body to prepare him for his burial at sea.  He found a shroud and carefully lifted the body and wrapped him as he had seen it done before.  Just the act of doing this service for Cappy was his final way of showing his love and respect for the man he had come to think of like a father.
The crew worked quickly and soon the Sea Dog was heading out of the harbor and heading for deep waters.  Late that afternoon, Mingo and two others came down and helped carry Cappy up on deck.  A whistle called all the crew, except the helmsman, to assemble on the main deck.  A stiff breeze blew the mainsails as the ship glided swiftly away from the coast of Egypt into the Mediterranean Sea.
Jason moved to the top of the steps leading to the helm.  He bowed his head and prayed, “God, receive the body of our dear friend and captain.  He lived by the sea as a child and sailed all over the oceans as a young lad and as a man. He comes now to his eternal rest in its deep waters.  He loved the sea and he loved his men, just as we all loved him.  We, his crew and friends, commend his body to the sea, his memory to our hearts, and his soul to your keeping.  God speed his soul to heaven.”
Mingo and two other men carried the wrapped corpse to the starboard railing on a long plank of wood.  Slowly they tipped the board and watched in silence as the body slipped off into the dark blue waters of the Mediterranean Sea.  With a splash, the body entered the water and sank from view.  All stood silent with their heads bowed.  For a few minutes, the only sounds were the creaking of the ships timbers, the sail’s flapping, and the water lapping against the hull as the ship rose and fell with the swells.
Jason finally broke the silence.  “We are heading back to Europe.  All of you men who wish to sail under my command are welcome and will share equally with me in any wealth we many earn.  Any who do not wish to serve under me, speak up and we will settle accounts and put you ashore wherever you want.  I have come to think of you as my friends and would welcome all of you, but you are free to choose to go or stay,” Jason announced.  “Just be honest with me, my friends.  Let me know what you want.”
Thirty weathered faces looked solemnly back at him.  Mingo, the first mate, was the first to speak.  “I can’t speak for the others, but I’ll stay with you.  Cappy gave the command of the Sea Dog to you, and I trust you to lead us the way he trained you.”  Mingo walked across the deck and stood by Jason.
Next came old, one eyed Jocko, Harpy and Jacques.  Soon all the others walked past Jason and stood by his side.  Jason, eyes clouded over with tears, spoke gravely, “Men, my friends, I’m so honored that you chose to sail with me.  I feel numb with the loss of Cappy.  He treated me like a son.  I feel humble that he bestowed command on me, because I know there are many of you who know much more than I do and who have served him much longer.  I need your help, but I pledge to do all I can to uphold his and your trust in me.  Our next stop will be at Crete.  Mingo, measure out a ration of rum for the crew in honor of Cappy’s life.”
Since that night, the time had gone by rapidly for Jason.  There was so much for him to learn.  He worked longer and harder than anyone else.  His first experience with trading after Cappy’s death had been highly successful.  Rum flowed freely in the taverns of the port.  Newly purchased cargo had been loaded below deck.  The sails had been hoisted and the ship had set sail for the next port.  For the next weeks, they stopped at many ports along the Mediterranean Sea coast from Greece to Sicily, heading towards their home port.
Jason had become more and more restless as the Sea Dog approached his homeland.  Stopping to trade at a village near the barony of Tres Mortes, Laura’s original home, Jason went ashore with the others after the trading had been finished.  At a local tavern, he asked questions about news of the neighboring areas.  He bought drinks to loosen the lips of some of the local men and was well rewarded with all their gossip.
Jason felt a gripping rage fill his heart when he heard the news of Laura’s upcoming wedding.  The barony was in an uproar about her future wedding.  Gifts had to be assembled for her dowry and had been requested and sent to her at St. Valery.  Costly family jewels and other treasures from Tres Mortes had been delivered to St. Valery.  After her wedding to a Baron Gerard of Bayeaux, a very wealthy and powerful man, her estate would be joined to his.
One of the villagers said, “I thought he was already married.”
Another man answered, “He was, but she died recently.  Arnulfo was just waiting to make this alliance.  A sad, shocking story has been told of her death not being natural.  It is rumored that Gerard helped her along on the way to eternity, but no one knows for sure.  It is rumored that he kept her locked away and so badly treated her that she died before her natural time.”
“We’ve heard he is an old, evil lecherous man who likes them young,” the barmaid added with a wink.
“If he is so evil, why is she consenting to the marriage?”  Jason asked.
“You obviously don’t know how things work on a barony.  When the Lord arranges a marriage that will greatly increase his wealth and prestige, the lady must obey,” Craig the barkeep answered.
“Maybe the lady in question wants to increase the size of her holdings,” Jason said with a bitter smile.
“If that’s the case, she has changed much since she left Tres Mortes as a young girl.  I knew her father, Baron Nivelon, very well. God rest his soul. She was a sweet modest child, and he was a good, honest, and loving father.  He taught her right from wrong.  She was always a well-behaved young girl.  I don’t believe she would have changed that much,” he answered angrily.
“Time sometimes has a way of changing people, especially when there is much wealth and power to be gained.  When is the wedding to be?” Jason asked.  “I might want to go and take advantage of the celebration and do some trading there.”
“So you might.  Baron Arnulfo seems determined to give her a rich send-off.  Marrying her to his sovereign lord will mean a great increase in his fortune and position of power and honor.  It will be a very powerful and important alliance for him.  Much new wealth has been promised him.  From what I’ve heard of Arnulfo, he wouldn’t do anything unless it brought him power or riches.  The wedding will be held at St. Valery on the last day of this month,” Craig said.
Although talk drifted to other areas, Jason’s mind was consumed with hatred and rage at the news of Laura and Arnulfo gaining more wealth from this marriage.
“This may be my chance,” he thought, “to get revenge on both Laura and Arnulfo.  I will have Laura for myself, and Arnulfo will face the shame of losing her and the wrath of Baron Gerard for being left at the altar.”
Later that night, as Jason lay in his cabin on the Sea Dog, his mind reeled with the thought of Laura’s marriage.  Hatred filled his mind, while jealousy over anyone else possessing her body tormented his heart.  “I must find a way to stop this marriage.  I demand revenge against Laura and Arnulfo.  If only I can carry out my plan, I shall get even with both of them!”  Jason lay awake most of the night working out the details.  He knew what he planned would be difficult and dangerous, but he was willing to risk everything for his dark revenge.
The next morning, Jason called the crew together.  He told them the story of his life at St. Valery, especially his betrayal by Laura and Arnulfo’s treachery and seizure of his inheritance and Arnulfo’s attempt to murder him.  He quickly explained his plan, the risks he envisioned, the possible consequences, and how he intended to achieve his goal.
“Men, in order to carry out this plan, I need to ask your help and permission.  It would mean delaying our arrival in London.  Although I hope to trade and make money at St. Valery, it is revenge and not riches I am after.  It would mean loss of some time and money.  If I am unsuccessful, it would mean my life, but I am willing to take that chance.  I ask for your agreement to delay here for about three weeks.  If I am successful, I shall steal Laura before her marriage and before anyone learns of my plans.  I ask none of you to put your life in danger.  All I ask is for your time and the use of the Sea Dog to achieve my goal.  If you are not willing to delay, I will leave the ship and seek revenge on my own,” Jason explained.
For a minute, the men discussed what Jason had said.  Finally Mingo walked out of the group and approached Jason.  “Jason, we will follow you.  You’ve never led us wrong.  If there is danger, we want to be there.  We aren’t afraid of a fight.  We’ll do whatever you ask of us.  You are our captain, one of us,” Mingo said, extending his huge black hand.
Jason grabbed it eagerly and smiled broadly at Mingo and the crew.  The others surrounded him and shouted their approval.
Within a week, the Sea Dog had been stocked with fine wines, cloths of all types and colors, jewelry, furs, and all manner of items to supply a wedding party.  Arriving off the coast near St. Valery, Jason put the first part of his plan in action. He sent a messenger to the Seneschal offering to bring samples of his wares to the barony, promising good prices and fine quality.
The messenger brought back word that his offer had been accepted.  Jason and ten of his men loaded three longboats with a wide assortment of their best wares and rowed ashore.  Soon they were on their way to the castle carrying the goods with them.
Although Jason realized his appearance had changed dramatically since he had last been seen at St. Valery, he further disguised himself in an old Indian sailor’s costume.  With a turban covering his blonde hair, a black patch over his right eye, and limping as though lame, he walked past the barbicans, through the bailey, and into the main court.  Tables had been set up and they quickly laid their wares out on display.  Mingo, dressed as the captain, walked ahead and supervised the placement of the wares.
Jason fought to control his emotions as he passed by all the familiar surroundings of his youth.  He had to bite his lip to keep from stopping to speak to the old armor maker sitting at work in front of his workshop.  He steeled himself for the hardest part of the day’s work—seeing Laura and Arnulfo without being able to lash out at them.
“I wonder if Laura has changed as much as I have in the year I’ve been gone?” Jason wondered as he helped arrange the stacks of brocade and lacy materials.  When he was finished, he limped over to stand at one side where he could view the inner courtyard.
Arnulfo entered the courtyard first, followed by the old Seneschal, and the chamberlain.  Mingo walked over, bowed low, and greeted them as courteously as Captain Allen would have done.  Together they walked over to the tables loaded with goods.  Arnulfo looked them over.  He asked prices of several items, bargained shrewdly, and walked back toward the grand palace pleased with his purchases.  He spoke briefly to the Seneschal about how much Laura was allowed to purchase; then he turned and returned to the castle.
Jason’s eyes followed his every movement.  He forced himself to remain still when Arnulfo walked within three feet of where he stood.  “How easy it would be to reach out and slit his throat,” he thought, “but that would be his way, not mine.  Someday I will return and kill him, but it will be in open battle.  This time, it is Laura I am after.”
A few minutes later, the women of the castle walked out of the inner courtyard and approached the tables. Jason drew in a sharp gasp of breath when he saw Laura walking across the courtyard toward the Seneschal.
“My God, she is even more beautiful than when I left.  She has filled out in all the right places.  How can such an angelic face and body hide such a false-hearted traitor?” he raged to himself.
Walking with Laura was a buxom, dark haired woman who looked vaguely familiar to him.  She was obviously heavy with child and walked slowly.  He watched them walking together.  Then he realized the other girl was Anne, one of the pucelles at St. Valery with whom he had played many games of chess.  Laura held her companion’s arm while she walked.  Neither face showed any excitement.  The other women were eagerly looking at all the treasures on the tables. Some lovingly fingered the intricate jewelry, laces, and ribbons.  Most looked lovingly at the items, but left empty-handed for lack of money to make purchases.  Laura glanced at the goods, but she didn’t show any obvious excitement or interest.  Her face showed no expression.
After a few minutes near the tables, she wandered over and sat down on a bench a little ways from the tables.  From time to time, Anne brought a few items for her to examine.  With a fleeting smile, she said, “Anne, pick whatever you think I will need,” she added with a whisper, “and find some things you want for yourself.  Arnulfo will never be the wiser.”
Jason limped closer to the bench where Laura sat so he could see her better and hear her voice.  Being so close to Laura was having a profound effect on his awareness.  He leaned against a large barrel of wine to steady himself.  He started to clench his hands behind his back when he felt an overpowering desire to reach out and touch her.  Instead he put his hand up to his forehead, shading his eyes. as though he could brush away those desires.
Laura looked up and saw him standing nearby.  She had noticed him limping away from the tables and felt sorry for him.  She motioned for Anne to come to her and waited quietly until she approached.  Speaking very softly, she said, “That old man over there by the wine barrel seems ill or tired.  I also noticed he is lame.  Please bring some wine so I can give him something to drink.  He looks like he has had a hard life.”
In a few minutes, Anne returned with a cup filled with wine.  Laura took the cup and walked slowly over to where Jason stood.
“I don’t know if you understand my words, but take this drink.  May God bless you,” she spoke quietly.  She held the cup out toward him.  He looked at her face, pretending not to understand her words.  Slowly he reached out and took the cup.  For a fraction of a second, his fingers touched her hand, and he felt a tremor run through his body at the contact.  Laura smiled shyly at him and turned to leave.  As she walked away, he heard Anne ask, “Don’t you want to look at the silks and laces?  They are beautiful and would make lovely garments.  At least, you could buy some pretty baubles.”
“Anne, don’t speak anymore of purchases and weddings.  I don’t want anything more for myself.  Choose some pretty things for yourself or for your baby.  Just buy whatever you think I might need,”
Laura replied.  “You look very tired.  I think we should go back inside so you can get some rest.  Your baby will arrive soon, I think.  You are going to be a wonderful mother.  May God protect you both and give you happier times.”
While the rest of the women were still looking at the goods, Laura and Anne rose and slowly walked across the courtyard and went into the grand keep tower.
Jason watched the rest of the bargaining with little interest.  He kept thinking about Laura and Arnulfo.  “Even knowing what a traitor she has been to me, her beauty still affects me.”
Once back on the Sea Dog, Jason counted over the day’s bargaining.  It had been a very profitable day for him in many ways.  Besides gaining much money from the sales, seeing Laura, even touching her hand, had only strengthened his determination to go through with his plan.
“How strange,” he thought, “that she takes so little interest in her wedding preparations.  Maybe she and Arnulfo are still lovers, and she is upset about leaving him.”  Jason fumed inwardly, “Arnulfo said she gave her kisses and love to him.  It is only a matter of a few days until I shall have my revenge.  How sweet that day shall be for me!”
Chapter 10
The next night, the Sea Dog anchored about a half mile offshore.  Jason waited until it was still and dark, the moon having gone behind a cloud.  He had the longboat lowered and began rowing silently towards the cliffs below the grand keep tower.  Using all his skill and strength, he guided the boat through the breakers to the entrance to a small cave.  He jumped out of the boat and pulled it up into the dark cave and secured it on a sandbar inside.  Cautiously he moved through the gloomy cave to the heavy wooden door that blocked the entrance to the escape tunnel.  He fumbled for the hidden latch and opened the door. Using his hands to guide his way, he climbed the steps leading to the main hall.  Dinner was being served.  He peeked inside through a peep hole.  All was noisy confusion inside.
“Now it is my chance to refresh my memory of the way to Laura’s chamber and see what I will need to bring to complete my plan,” Jason thought.
He climbed more steps and quickly remembered the tunnels as if he had never been away.  He looked through a slit to be sure the bedchamber was empty before moving the secret panel hidden in the back of her closet.  Once inside the closet, he could sense the lingering presence of Laura.  As he walked through the closet, he felt surrounded by her fragrance.  He looked into the chest inside her closet being careful not to disturb anything.  He looked around at the room, noting all the things stored there for the wedding.  He finally returned to the closet and drank in the heady aroma of her perfume before re-entering the passageway.  He retraced his steps to the cave.  After waiting until the tide was right, he pushed the boat out into the ocean and rowed out to the dimly lit ship.
To be sure he could carry off finding the cave and leaving it safely, he pushed the boat out into the ocean and rowed out to the dimly lit ship.  At his signal the ropes were lowered and he was hoisted up onto the deck. Each night, he practiced it until he was sure he could find the cave and leave it regardless of the tides and weather.  He retraced his route through the castle to her chamber; then he returned from the cave until he could sense the effect the tides had on his approach and departure.  The day before the wedding, the crew let it be known in town that they were sailing for another port.
The night before the wedding, Jason loaded the supplies he would need into the longboat.  He checked them off: ropes, material for a gag, and bags to carry away her belongings.  He had decided to take everything of Laura’s that was of any value. “No reason to leave anything of value here for Arnulfo,” he thought bitterly.
Retracing his well-practiced route, Jason pulled the longboat into the cave and secured it.  He carried the bags, ropes and gag up to Laura’s chamber. Leaving them in the secret passageway, he went to watch the celebrating in the great hall.  The wedding feast was in full swing.  Seated at the main table under the wedding canopy tonight was the soon to be bride and groom.  Since Gerard was of greater position, Arnulfo had relinquished his normal place at the main table.  Laura sat at the left of Gerard, her face pale and expressionless.  She was dressed in a pale yellow gown fastened with a tiny white and gold girdle.  Around her throat was a necklace of precious gemstones enclosed in delicate circles of scrolled golden rings.  She wore a ceremonial flowing long cape of green trimmed in ermine over her gown.  Her hair, intertwined with many threads of green and gold, hung in two long braids in front of the gentle swell of her breasts.  Jason felt his desire rising at the sight of her beauty.  A small wedding wreath of flowers was on her head and softly framed her face.  She was the picture of youth and pure beauty.  For a long time, Jason could not take his eyes off her face.
Gerard, a scarred veteran of many battles and years of dissipation, was more than twice as old as Laura.  He showed a long scar from lance wounds on his neck and chin.  Tonight his ruddy complexion was even more flushed by the excess of wine he had consumed.  When his time came to rise and pass the ceremonial goblet of wine, he swayed from side to side and spoke in heavily slurred speech.  He lifted the goblet and drank fully, nearly draining the goblet before handing the nearly empty cup to Laura.  Laura’s hands trembled as she took the cup and drank the few remaining drops.  Tonight, they shared the feast table and even ate from one large dish.  Gerard, unlike many other grooms, ate his fill of the best morsels, leaving his bride to satisfy her hunger on the less desirable pieces.  It was clear to Jason from Gerard’s manners, behavior, and appearance that he cared for no one except himself.  His voice was loud and his speech crudely vulgar.  His comments brought deep blushes to Laura’s pale cheeks and deep despair to her heart.
As they ate, Laura noticed his hands were rough and dirt clung to them, even under his fingernails, although the rosewater scented wash basins  and towels had been passed around just before the meal was served.
Laura felt like screaming out at the thought that those huge, dirty hands touching her food tonight would from tonight on be allowed to touch her body.  His mouth, now bearing the remnants of the food he had so hungrily devoured, would have from tomorrow on a husband’s rights to kiss her and do whatever he desired to her, and she would be forced to obey.  Laura shuddered at the thought of his closeness.  Instead of crying out, Laura picked at her food in silence.  Even Anne’s attentive service did little to relieve the deep despair in her heart.
Jason noticed Laura signal to Anne.  After Anne came over, Laura bowed to Gerard and Arnulfo, and prepared to leave.  Jason watched as Gerard grabbed her hand and touched it to his lips.  Jason couldn’t hear what he had said, but Laura blushed and quickly pulled her hand away.  With a nod to Arnulfo, she turned and left the room.  Anne followed close behind.
“She doesn’t seem happy or excited the way a bride usually appears,” Jason muttered, “but she doesn’t know who her bridegroom will turn out to be tomorrow, God willing and the tides are right,” Jason muttered with dark humor.
Leaving his place high above the main hall, he hurried to her bedchamber.  He took the ropes and gag material and heavy blanket, and quickly hid in the darkest back corner of the wardrobe closet. He placed a small stone from the cave on the floor by the closet door so it would stay open a fraction of an inch.  Through the small gap, he could see the foot of her bed and the open window beyond it.
“Now comes the hardest part—waiting for her to return and for the chance to seize her when she is alone,” Jason thought, his heart pounding with anticipation.
After a few minutes Jason heard the muffled sound of the heavy door being opened.  He heard two voices, so he knew Laura was not alone.
“Are your clothes ready for tomorrow?” Anne asked.
“Yes, Anne, you have already finished packing all that I plan to take.  Everything is done now, except the waiting.  All the clothes are ready, my mother’s jewelry has been packed, except for her necklace, which I am wearing.  When I get ready for bed tonight, it will be placed in its case and stored in my bridal trunk.  All the preparations have been completed.  Even now, the cook and her staff are preparing the wedding supper feast for tomorrow,” Laura recited with a deep sigh.  “Please, no more talk of weddings and preparations.  It will come soon enough,” Laura sighed.
“Is there anything I can do, Laura, to make this time easier for you?” Anne asked anxiously.
Laura smiled at Anne’s voice and words.  “At this time, God is the only one who can really help me.  Help me prepare for bed and then leave me tonight.  Anne, please don’t think I am angry or dislike your company, but I want to spend my last night as a maiden alone.  I love you so much, Anne, more than anyone on earth for all the love and devotion you have given me this last year, but I crave total solitude tonight so I may pray for God’s help and strength for the future.”
Laura looked out the window towards the sea.  A nearly full moon shone through the window casting a silvery glow inside the room. Jason saw Anne approach the bed and pull down the covers.
“Whatever you wish, I’ll gladly do, Laura,” Anne answered.  “Do you wish me to light a candle and to pull the curtains around the bed?” she asked.  
“No, my friend.  The dimness of the room fits my mood tonight,” Laura answered. Laura moved over to her small dressing table.  She reached up and unclasped the necklace hanging around her neck.  She took it off and stood fingering it tenderly.  She placed it in its holder.  Anne carried it and placed it in the chest just inside the closet.  Jason pushed back into the shadows when the door opened.  Laura said in a quavering voice, “I wish my mother were still alive, and that my father had never gone to the Crusades.  Maybe none of the evil would have happened if I had not come to live here.”
“Laura, please, don’t torture yourself.  You are not to blame.  I, too, wish I could change the past, but I know Arnulfo would still be evil with or without our presence.  Don’t dwell on the melancholy past,” Anne cried.
“What would you have me think about?  My future?  It holds no bright promise for me.  My chance for love and happiness died here long ago.  The only good thing about tomorrow is leaving Arnulfo’s control, but is it to something even worse?” Laura sighed.
“Perhaps not.  The future may turn out well for you, if God is gracious.  You deserve it, Laura,” Anne added softly.
“I know I must keep my faith in God, but I wish so much that you were going with me.  We’ve shared so much this last year.  I would not have survived without you.  I know I am being selfish bringing this up again.  I shall pray for both of us tonight.  I will not be here when your child comes.  I will pray for both of you.  You will be a good and a loving mother.  When you hold your child, remember that he needs you and that he will love you.  I wish you well, my dearest friend,” Laura said suddenly hugging Anne close.
Laura turned and began removing the flower wreath from her hair.  Anne came over and helped Laura remove the outer gown over her head.  Taking it carefully in her arms, Anne walked over to the wardrobe closet.  
Jason, seeing her approach, flattened himself against the back wall in the darkest shadows,  his knife drawn, barely daring to breathe.  Anne pulled the door open and stepped inside.  Jason could see her face silhouetted against the open window. He could hear her breathing and caught the scent of a strange perfume.  He could have easily reached out and touched her, but he prayed she wouldn’t notice anything out of the ordinary.
“Do you want your nightgown now?” Anne called over her shoulder to Laura.
No, I’ll put it on later.  I am not sleepy yet.  I want to meditate and pray for mercy and strength before I retire.  I can finish dressing myself,” Laura answered quietly.  “Come now, Anne, give me another hug and a kiss goodnight and then leave me.  Go and get some sleep for you and your baby.  This may be my last night to be alone with my thoughts.”
“I wish I could go with you, Laura.  I still feel a debt of guilt to atone for and ties of love and devotion to you, but I know Arnulfo will not let me go, especially not with his child due to be born so soon.  How I hate that devil!  The thought of his seed growing within my womb makes me feel dirty and evil.  The only good thing that’s come of it is he’s been less brutal, but I am sure that won’t last.  I wonder how much more pain and punishment I must endure for my sins,” Anne exclaimed in despair.
“Poor Anne,” Laura soothed.  “Remember the child is half yours and you are good and kind enough to overcome its evil beginnings.  I’m sure God, who knows your heart, has forgiven you.  I know I did many months ago.  I have only deep love and thanks in my heart for you.  My prayers will always be for both of us.”
Laura hugged Anne and kissed her on the cheek for the last time.
“I’ll check back later, Laura, if you wish, in case you need anything,” Anne said as she turned to walk out of the door.
“That isn’t necessary, Anne.  You need your rest, but I will not forbid it.  I know I shall be fine.  I trust God will do what is best for me and for you in the future.  Good night again.  I’ll see you in the morning,” Laura said.
“Of course, I shall come and help you dress in the morning for the wedding.  Good night, Laura,” Anne said over her shoulder as the door closed behind her.  Anne heard the latch being drawn shut, as Laura had always done since Jason’s death.
Standing hidden in the closet, Jason sensed Laura was walking around the room.  After he heard the door being bolted shut, he silently moved closer to the partially opened door.  Looking out, he could see Laura standing by her dressing table.  He watched her untie the ribbons at the ends of her braids.  Carefully she untangled the strands.  When she was finished, she picked up her brush and walked over to the window and looked out towards the sea.  She stood there, silently brushing her hair until it fell in loose profusion around her shoulders.  The moonlight shone in on her, lending a silvery glow to her hair and fair skin.  She was clothed in a soft white chemise that hung gracefully on her to just below her knees.
Jason’s eyes were drawn to her face.  He could see tears running down her cheeks as she stood by the window brushing her hair.  He watched them slide down her cheeks and drop down onto the bare skin of her shoulders.  He saw the gentle rise and fall of her breasts as she stood lost in thought.  The moonlight fell softly on her shoulders, revealing the pristine beauty of her skin and profile.  He felt his heart beating rapidly, desire rising to a feverish level.
Laura sank down onto the divan and sobbed quietly.  After a few minutes, she bowed her head against her folded hands, and knelt in prayer.  “So pious, yet so false!  How deliciously sweet will be the revenge I’ve planned for her,” he thought with a yearning desire he could not even fully understand.
Several minutes went by before Laura rose from her prayers.  She crossed herself and wiped the tears from her cheeks.  “”Thank you, Lord,” she whispered. “I am ready now to face whatever you send me.  But I pray, as Jesus prayed in the garden, that this cup be taken from me, if it is your will.  Although I am not blameless, deliver me from this evil.”
With a deep sigh, Laura crossed to the table and replaced her brush.  With short, silent steps, she moved across the room towards the closet where Jason waited in the shadows.  He held the pieces of rope in one hand and the gag material in the other.  He sank back farther into the darkness and waited anxiously for Laura’s entrance.
The closet door opened slowly.  Laura stood for a moment as if undecided what to do before stepping fully inside to lift her nightgown from its hook.  Her back was partially turned away from Jason.  The moonlight struck her profile, highlighting the round fullness of her breasts, still hidden by her chemise.  As soon as she started to reach for her gown, Jason sprang noiselessly across the distance between them.  One hand deftly covered her mouth.  The other arm wrapped around her body catching her arms and trapping them by her side.  The suddenness of the force of  his lunge pressed her into the corner of the closet.  Feeling her body warm against his, Jason quickly turned her, removed his hand, and captured her mouth with his before she could cry out for help.  His lips devoured hers.  The weight of his body against hers trapped her, and Laura could do nothing but submit to the sudden, unexpected feel of his mouth and body against hers.  With his free hands, he quickly reached around her.  First he captured one hand and then the other and bound them tightly behind her back with the rope he had brought.  In the dark stifling corner of the closet, he claimed the first sweet taste of his revenge as the intensity of his kiss forced her lips apart and his tongue entered her mouth.  Frightened and unable to move, Laura felt his hands moving swiftly over her body. One hand paused and squeezed her breast until she moaned with pain.
As swiftly as it had started, the kiss ended, he roughly forced a gag into her mouth and tied it securely behind her head.  Next she felt him quickly stoop and tie her feet together.  Without warning, Laura felt herself being lifted up into strong arms and being carried out into her chamber.  Within a few seconds, she was dumped onto her bed and was wrapped tightly in a heavy blanket.
	It was dark and stifling in the blanket, and Laura felt unable to breathe.  She could not move or see what was happening.  She strained against the ropes, but they only cut more deeply into her wrists.  She collapsed, exhausted and terrified, listening for sounds of her attacker’s return.  “Could this be Arnulfo’s doing?” she asked herself in terror.  “He threatened to take me himself,” Laura remembered with panic.  “Please, God, let it be anyone but him!” she prayed.
Laura heard muffled sounds of something heavy by her bed being opened and closed.  Then all was silent. She strained for more sounds, but for several minutes all was silent.  Laura’s nerves were on edge.  Suddenly she heard a scraping noise and the sounds of movement again.  One she felt a rough hand moving up her leg, but then it left and all was silent again.  A while later, the scraping sound was repeated, followed by more muffled sounds, and then footsteps.  After a while, she couldn’t be sure how long, she heard the muffled sounds of knocking at her door, followed by Anne’s voice.
“Laura,” Anne called softly.
Strong hands lifted Laura from the bed and carried her across the room. The blanket was pulled away.  The large man holding her set her on her feet and held her with one arm.  He drew a knife from his belt and held it to her throat.
“When I take the gag out of your mouth, you are to get rid of her!  If you call out or try to warn her, by God, I’ll drag her in here and kill her.  Do you understand?” he whispered savagely in her ear.  Laura quickly nodded yes.  “No tricks or she will die.”
“Laura, are you all right?” Anne’s voice called a little louder.  “Please answer me.”
Laura gasped for breath after the gag was pulled out of her mouth.  Something in the man’s voice and attitude told her he was not bluffing.  When the blanket had fallen away, Laura caught a quick glimpse of her captor. Although she didn’t know who it was, she was relieved to discover it was neither Arnulfo nor Gerard.
Struggling to make her voice sound normal, Laura answered, “I’m all right, Anne.  I didn’t hear you.  I guess I dozed off while praying.”
“Are you sure you are all right?  Your voice sounds odd,” Anne asked.
“I was crying earlier, but I’m fine now.  I know God will take care of me,” Laura reassured her.
“Won’t you let me come in and spend the night with you?” she pleaded.
“No, my sweet Anne, I must be alone tonight to keep my solitary vigil of prayer.  I love you dearly, but I want to spend this night alone.  Go on to bed and rest for you and the baby.  Sleep well and God watch over you both,” Laura added, acutely aware of the presence of the man’s arm around her and of the coldness of the steel blade of the knife against her throat.
“Good night, my lady,” Anne said softly through the heavy door.  “I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Thanks for everything, Anne.  Good night,” Laura called.
Hardly daring to breathe, Laura and Jason stood listening to the sounds of Anne’s footsteps fading into the distance of the long hallway outside.  When all was silent again, Laura felt the knife being moved away from her skin.  Her body was turned towards her captor.  By the faint glow of the moonlight, she saw the face of her captor.  All she was acutely aware of was his full sensuous lips and his penetrating eyes before his lips covered hers again, sapping her will to resist.
It seemed as if time had stopped as the kissed deepened and he pulled her body possessively against his. “Those eyes! Why do they haunt me?” she thought frantically just before she fainted.  When she came to, Laura was again aware of being wrapped in the blanket on her bed.  She felt the gag in her mouth and turned her head violently from side to side trying to dislodge it so she could breathe easier.  Gradually she felt the cloth slip down her cheek, loosening a little with each movement.  When she felt herself being lifted up again, the gag slipped further out, and she pushed it out of her mouth with her tongue. She could breathe easier now, although she was still tightly wrapped in the thick rough blanket.
Laura felt herself being tossed across her captor’s shoulder like a flour sack.  With her head hanging down his back, Laura felt herself being carried down a long, winding stairway.  All she could hear was his muffled footsteps and his deep breathing.  After a few minutes of steadily descending, she felt him stop to readjust her weight onto his other shoulder.
Laura spoke in a soft muffled voice, “If you untie my feet, I’ll try to walk.”
He stopped suddenly as though struck by lightning.  Laura felt herself being set on her feet.  The cover was pulled partially away.  It was pitch black wherever they were.  Laura could not see his face at all, even though she could feel the soft warmth of his breath on her cheek.  She felt his hands touch her face.  He forced the gag back into her mouth, angrily muttering to himself, and covered her up in the blanket.  He lifted her up across his shoulder again, and moved cautiously downward again.
When they reached the bottom of the steps, Laura heard a scraping noise. She strained her ears searching for a clue as to where he was taking her.  In the distance, she could hear the sound of waves crashing against the rocks.  Closer to her, she heard the soft, crunching sound of footsteps on sandy soil.  Suddenly he stopped, stood her upright for a moment while he caught his breath.  Laura felt the cold dampness of wet sand even through the sole of her slipper.  The beach!   Somehow, she was down near the edge of the ocean.
Chapter 11
Laura was acutely aware of the feel of her captor’s strong arms and muscular body.  She remembered the hauntingly familiar look of his eyes.  A long forgotten memory rushed in on her, and a shudder spread throughout her body.  She felt the arms tighten around her and heard a low laugh just before she was lifted up into his arms. She felt herself being lowered down onto a pile of soft material.  She lay there unmoving for what seemed to her overwrought nerves like an hour.
She felt a sudden lurching movement and heard a scraping noise, that was followed by gentle rocking motion.  “A boat,” she thought in panic. “My God, he’s taking me out to sea.  Lord, you delivered me from one hell to a fate I can only guess at now.  Nothing could be as bad as what I’m leaving.  I must hang on to that thought,” Laura repeated over and over in her mind.
Laura became aware of the sharp rising and falling of the boat.  It rose, then dropped sharply as Jason struggled to row out past the breakers.  She heard the pounding of the waves on the rocky shore, and realized they were very close to the cliff.  They sounded like thunder in her ears.  Gradually the violence of the boat’s movements lessened and the sound of the waves striking against the shore receded into the distance and finally disappeared altogether.  
Jason strained against the oars as he fought the waves that tried to force them back onto the rocks.  “Fool,” he thought angrily.  “You didn’t practice this with the added weight of her body and possessions.”
For a time, Jason felt as though his muscles would burst from the effort, but he refused to give up.  With a final Herculean effort, he crested the last row of breakers.  Once outside their awesome force, he was able to row easily and steadily away from St. Valery.  The moon had gone behind the clouds, and the night was cold, dark, and quiet.
“All went perfectly,” he gloated to himself, “except for the gag coming loose.  Why didn’t she scream?  She had no way of knowing we were too far away from her chamber to be heard. No matter, we are safely away now, and soon I shall have my revenge.”
Jason searched the dark sea ahead, looking for the shaded signal light.  After rowing for another ten minutes, he spotted it at some distance to his right.  Masterfully, he turned the boat and headed towards the Sea Dog.  “I’m glad she sent Anne away,” he thought with a sigh of relief. “I couldn’t have really killed her, but Laura didn’t know that.  I would have had to tie her up, but one way or another, I would have taken Laura with me.”
Gradually the Sea Dog came into view.  Jason whistled sharply to alert the waiting crew of his approach.  He rowed with renewed strength. “Only a short distance now,” he groaned.
The longboat bumped against the side of the huge sailing ship.  The men waiting on the deck threw down ropes to secure the longboat.  Once it was secured, they began hoisting it up onto the deck.
	Laura felt a bump as the longboat hit the side of the ship.  She heard muffled voices, many voices, but her captor’s voice cut through the others with authority.  Laura felt a swaying movement as the boat was lifted up the tall side of the ship.  With a thud, it came to rest on the main deck.  Laura heard laughter and the babble of strange, rough sounding male voices.  
Laura suddenly felt herself being lifted up again by strong arms.  She was slung over his shoulder and carried down three steps.  She heard other footsteps coming and going after she had been dumped on her stomach on a bed.  After a few minutes, a door shut and all was silent.   The gag in her mouth and being dumped on her stomach made breathing an effort.  She felt smothered.  She tried to move, but was tied too securely.  The last thing she was aware of was the stifling warmth of the covers, the rocking motion of the ship, and the exhausting struggle to breathe.  Laura drifted off into a fitful sleep of exhaustion and strange dreams. In her dreams, two eyes stared at her; she tried to reach out to them, but she could not move.  She tried to speak, but no sounds came out.  With a jolt, she awoke, and    realized the dream was true.
“Be calm,” she scolded herself.  “Arnulfo isn’t here.  I am no longer under his control.  Someone has stolen me away before I was forced to marry that pig Gerard.  I prayed to be delivered, and God has answered my prayers.  I don’t know who has saved me or why, but I will trust God.  Nothing could be worse than what I faced with Gerard.”  Laura forced herself to relax and slowed her breathing.  In spite of the gag and heavy cover, she drifted off to sleep.  She awoke suddenly when she felt hands turning her over onto her back.
The blanket was pulled away.  In the dimly lit room, she looked into the face of her captor.  He towered over her. She remembered the night Arnulfo had burned her feet. She shivered as the memory of Arnulfo’s torture swept over her.  That was the first time she had felt angry, rough male hands touching her body.  She stared up at the one standing over her, terrified, but unable to force her gaze away.
A small oil lamp hanging on the wall gave a soft, eerie glow to the room.  Dark shadows appeared on his face.  Laura felt panic rising again in her soul as she saw the scowl of anger and hate in his expression.  Once before she had seen an expression like that.  It had been seared into her memory as deeply as the brands had burned into her feet.  Her eyes grew wide with fear.  She tried to move, but the ropes still cut into her wrists and ankles.  She felt as much as saw his eyes moving slowly over her body.
Laura turned her head away, but a rough hand grabbed her face and forced it back towards him.  With the other hand, he untied the gag and pulled it out of her mouth.  Laura gasped for breath.  Her mouth opened and closed, but no sound escaped.
“Scream, if you want.  It won’t do any good.  Only my men will hear, and none of them will come to your aid.  They obey only me.  I am their captain, and my word is law here on the Sea Dog,” he snarled.
Laura shrank back at his words, but uttered no sound.  She lay there looking at his face, trembling violently.  Her breath, coming in short rapid gulps, made her breasts heave with emotion.
Jason looked down at Laura’s trembling body, and an evil smile flickered across his face.  His eyes travelled possessively down her body, enchanted by the beauty of the prize he had captured.  “How sweet revenge will be!  She will pay dearly for her sins.  I will take her tempting body and satisfy all my desires, but not until she begs for mercy.  That will make my revenge perfect.  She will plead for deliverance, but none will be granted,” he gloated.  “She will beg for mercy, but I will give her the same mercy Arnulfo showed to me.”
Jason sat down on the bed beside her.  He felt desire rising like a wild demon within his body.  He moved her farther over on the bed and lay down beside her.  He took his knife and laid it against her throat.  She shivered at its coldness, and fear flickered across her face.  He slowly moved it down to her breasts.  He slipped it into the top of her chemise and cut the laces; then he slit the material down past her breasts, her waist, her hips, and finally all the way to the hem.  Slowly, enjoying every quiver and blush of her body, he pulled the chemise apart to reveal two round, firm milky white breasts.  He gazed at them as if time were frozen.  His hand moved from her neck to her shoulder and then cupped her right breast.  He began rubbing and squeezing it.  His touch was not one of love.  It was too insistent and too fierce to be called a caress.  He lowered his mouth and attacked her neck before descending to possess the full ripeness of her breast.  He teased the nipple until it stood out hard and firm.  He covered them with rough, angry kisses.  Once he grabbed and squeezed it hard and bruised it with his mouth, she gasped in pain, and a low laugh of triumph escaped his lips.
After tasting her breasts, his hands moved down her body.  He pulled the rest of the chemise away revealing her body totally to his gaze.  He fought to control the desire that was surging through his body.  He had decided to take her slowly, make her beg for mercy, and then give none.  He moved from her breasts and moved his hands and mouth down to her waist.  His lips touched her stomach, and she shivered while his hands glided over her hips, finally resting on the inner curve of her thighs.  He slowly forced his hand up between her legs.  Her ankles were still tied together, so his hand just edged inside.  He felt a warm moistness on his fingers as they probed into the forbidden depths.  Laura, feeling a man’s hand inside her body for the first time, moaned and writhed under his touch.
“Enough for now,” he groaned hoarsely, pulling his hands away and moving away from her body.  “There is no escape from me, Laura,” he threatened.  “I leave you for a while to anticipate all that I shall do to that treacherous body of yours.  When I come back, you will be mine completely.  I will take you with no mercy,” he snarled ominously.
He took out his knife and quickly cut the ropes that bound her ankles and wrists.  He rose quickly, strode across the room, and opened the door.  “Tonight you shall pay,” he said as he left, locking the door behind him.
Laura lay in the silent room, fighting the feelings that were pressing down on her.  She gingerly moved her arms from behind her back.  Her arms ached, and she could see red rope burns on her wrists.  She rubbed at them to try to ease the pain.  Her body felt stiff and bruised.  Laura remembered his angry expression and words, and she realized, before the night was over, she would suffer more from his strong hands.
Laura remembered Anne’s shameful confession about her feelings during Arnulfo’s attacks that, in spite of her hatred and fear, her body had reacted and responded to his hands and body.  She understood, at last, what Anne had meant.  Before it had just been words, now she had experienced a small part of what Anne had told about.  Laura knew nothing about this man except he was angry and hated her, and yet he still wanted her.  Still, he had touched her in such a way that he had aroused her so with the touch of his hands and his kisses that she felt the ‘demon’ Laura had described coming alive in her body.  Her loins were wet with desire she had not known before, and she had writhed at the feel of his fingers moving in her body.  Laura knew she was no match for the strength or passion of her captor.
Terrified by the fierce roughness of his touch, haunted by the expression of anger on his face, and confused by the strange new feeling he had aroused in her, Laura lay trembling on the bed.
Carefully she sat up.  Her body ached and she felt dizzy when she stood.  She tried to walk, but the motion of the ship felt strange and she staggered as though drunk.  Her legs felt weak and would barely support her weight.  She stumbled to the door.  It was locked.  She reeled unsteadily back to the bed.  Leaning against it, she wrapped the torn chemise around her body and sank down on the floor trembling and terrified as she waited for his threats to become reality
Several minutes later, she heard the door open and her captor stepped back inside.  Locking the door behind him, he stared down at her crumpled body on the floor.  “There is no place to hide or escape,” he said menacingly.  “Your time has come.”  He bent down, lifted her up, and laid her down on the bed.  Pulling the chemise away, he tossed it on the floor. He pulled off his shirt and lay down on top of her, trapping her on the bed beneath his body.  His lean, heavily muscled chest pressed against her bare breasts.  She was acutely aware of the warmth of his skin against hers while the hair on his chest brushed against her exposed nipples.  Savagely he used his mouth and hands to punish her body. He devoured her breasts again and forced her legs apart with his knees.  Lying with his weight upon her, he forced her chin up to look into his eyes.
“Why don’t you beg for mercy or try to fight me?  Why do you choke back your screams or words?” he asked after bruising her lips with a savage kiss.
With a convulsive shudder, Laura answered, “I’ll never fight you or beg for mercy.  I don’t have the strength or the will to fight you.  But, please answer me.  Why do you hate me so?  What have I done to so enrage you?  No matter what, do whatever you want with me.  It could not be worse than what you saved me from.  I will not fight you.  Mercy is not what I am used to receiving.”
Jason raised himself up on his arms, looking full into Laura’s face.  “In a year we have both grown, but have I changed so much that you don’t recognize your Jason here now returned from the dead?” he asked in a deep hate-filled voice.
Laura stared up at the face hovering above her.  Her eyes opened wide in shocked surprise as she looked at his face, so changed, and yet so familiar.  “Jason, is It really you?  How?  We were told you were dead,” she asked shuddering convulsively.
“Yes, it is I.  Well you should fear the ghostly face of the one you betrayed so vilely.  So sweet the face, how gentle the words, as lovely still as an angel, but how evil and treacherous the heart that beats within the delightful body I shall soon possess.”
Tears filled Laura’s eyes as she cried out, “I can’t believe it is really you!  Have all my prayers been answered on the very night I prayed my life would end?  What miracle has brought you back to me?” 
“Don’t think you can fool me with your false words and your sweet innocent act.  Since you betrayed me to Arnulfo and I was wounded and left for dead, my heart has burned for revenge against him, but especially against you, my false hearted friend and love,” Jason spat out angrily.
At his words, Laura could contain her emotion and her tears no longer, and her tears overflowed and rolled down her cheeks onto the bed.  “Your words stab me to the heart.  Tell me what I have done that makes you hate me so,” Laura begged.  “My poor Jason, how terribly you must have suffered to make you so filled with hate!”
“Vile woman!” he shouted.  “Don’t try to soften my resolve with your crocodile tears.  You took my young man’s kiss of love and friendship and betrayed my dreams to Arnulfo.  You knew he would never allow anyone to touch you but him and get away with it.  Instead of saying no to me, you agreed to meet me, and then you delivered me into his hands to a fate you little cared about. You, Judas!” he sneered angrily.
“I’m overwhelmed by your hatred, Jason, but you are mistaken about me.  Maybe one day you will realize I am blameless of that heinous crime.  Each hour of the past year, I have regretted my girlish looks and temperament that caused this trouble,” Laura said quietly.
“You betrayed me to Arnulfo,” Jason shouted. “Tonight and every night until I tire of you, you will pay for all my pain and my wounds with your body.”
“Your words are breaking my heart, because they wrong me so terribly.  Has your heart so hardened against me that you believe me that evil?  I would rather die than hear these condemning words from you,” Laura moaned.
“Maybe it would have been better for you if I had died before now,” Jason added.
“Do you think you are the only one who has suffered at the hands of that monster Arnulfo, that vilest form of life that I won’t even call a man?” Laura asked, anger and disbelief in her voice.
“Don’t waste your clever words on me, my Laura.  How could he have known all about our kiss, our very words, or where we planned to meet, except by you?” Jason spat out angrily.
Laura sobbed, “Jason, my heart breaks for the pain you felt and for the hatred that has consumed you to make you speak so hatefully.  I doubt you will believe my words, if you really believe I am a Judas, but I swear to you, as God is the creator of all good, I never betrayed you to anyone.”
“Don’t try to trick me.  Only you and God and I knew about our kiss and promise to meet.  If not you, did your God deliver me to Arnulfo to be beaten, stabbed, and left for dead?” he snapped bitterly.
“Jason, believe me.  It was your good looks and charming ways that brought about our downfall.”  At his look of disbelief, Laura continued in a quiet voice.  “Yes, yours and mine!  Remember Anne?  She saw our kiss and heard our plans to meet.  Poor, sweet Anne, she has suffered as much as both of us, but in a different way.  Do you remember how she often sought you out?  We were both so blind and selfish in our friendship that we did not notice what she was feeling.  I was too shy and lonely to notice the way she looked at you and teased you to get your attention.  We were too close to pay attention to her.  She was terribly hurt and jealous of your friendship with me.  She saw me as a rival for your love.  Instead of her, you chose to love and kiss me,” Laura said.
Jason stared impassively at Laura’s face.  “Go on, weave your story, but it will not change your fate,” he added.
“That day when we kissed, Anne had been following you, hoping to spend time in your company.  Instead, she saw us rolling around on the ground behind the bushes, laughing and kissing. She heard us agree to meet that night.  Poor Anne, how hard she has tried to make amends!  She wanted to break up our friendship.  Not knowing how evil Arnulfo was, she whispered the story about us to Arnulfo.  She thought he would scold us and order us to stay apart and that I would be punished. She didn’t suspect the tragic error of her actions until later, and she has in a thousand ways tried to atone for her part in  causing our suffering.  Oh, how I wish she could know that you are still alive!  What a sweet reprieve from guilt it would bring her,” Laura added with a sigh.
“How honest your words sound, but you are very clever.  There is no way to prove that what you say is true, since only you are here to testify,” Jason said with a cynical laugh.
“Do you really want further proof of my innocence, or is your heart so hardened against me that it would be a waste of time and breath to tell the rest of the sad story?  There is something else I can summon to add credence to my words,” Laura said quietly, “if you really want to learn the truth.”
“Go on, Laura, spin your tale.  It can only add to the sweetness of my revenge as you try to talk your way out of this,” he said sitting up so he could watch her expression more clearly.
“Your words wound me with their lack of belief, but I will tell it all and let your heart and eyes judge for themselves my guilt or innocence,” Laura said sadly.  “I did go to meet you that night, but the one waiting in the shadows was not you.  When I saw a movement in the shadow, I called out your name.  That was my only betrayal!  Arnulfo stepped out of the darkness and grabbed me.  He dragged me into a chamber under the grand keep tower.  He was in a rage. He asked me why I was out in the garden at night.  I told him I wanted some fresh air.  He asked who I was going to meet.  I said no one.  He called me a liar.  He hit me and scowled at me with eyes so dark with anger that I shall never forget them.  I had never seen that look or rage again until earlier tonight when you glared down at me. He accused me of running to meet my lover like a common whore.  I denied it all.  I said that I didn’t have a lover.  I didn’t know then that he already knew the whole story.  He demanded that I tell him the truth, but I had already lied so much, and he was so enraged that I was afraid to admit anything.  He made our innocent kisses sound so wicked and dirty.  I didn’t know what to do.  I wasn’t as afraid for myself, after all, I was just a girl, the daughter of a baron, and his ward.”
Laura paused for a moment, fighting to hold back the horror of that night. “He grabbed me and kissed me, an angry hurtful kiss like you did earlier tonight.  I struggled with him.  I scratched at his face and made it bleed.  He swore angrily and pushed me down on the ground.”  Laura shuddered at the memory and clasped her arm across her naked breasts as if to keep the pain away.  In a moment, she took a deep breath and continued.  “Arnulfo vowed he would teach me the value of truthfulness, chastity, and obedience.  I have never seen him that angry before or since.  I knew I had to keep quiet and not admit anything, not with the rage in his voice when he spoke your name.  Knowing his evil and cruelness now, I don’t think I would have been so brave or foolish.  I think he is insane,” she added.
Jason looked at her, but made no comment.  After a shudder, Laura continued with a strained voice.  “He called in his guards and had me tied to the rack.”  Laura could hold the tears back no longer.  They rushed down her cheeks and sobs racked her body.  “He brought over a brand that had been heated in the fire.  He said to me, and I will always hear his voice in my worst nightmares, ‘You stupid fool! Do you think you can lie to me and go unpunished?  I know you were going to meet Jason, your lover, by the garden gate tonight.  You’ll never run to his arms again.  He’s dead now or soon will be.  You shall never dare to lash out at me or to run to meet any lover again without remembering tonight.’” A convulsive shudder shook her body as she relived the memory. She gasped for breath and then hurried on.
“He pulled the shoes from my feet and pressed the glowing brand against the soles of each foot.  The last thing I remember from that night was screaming in agony.  I don’t know how I got back to my room.  For many days afterwards, everything was a hazy blur.  I learned later that my wounds had infected.  I would have died if not for Anne’s devoted care.  She stayed with me constantly.  Many weeks later, after I was much recovered, she confessed her awful guilt to me.  I forgave her, just as I thought you would have done.   Since that time, I have never had a more loving or devoted friend, and she has remained one until we parted this very night.”
Wiping the tears from her face, Laura looked up at Jason’s impassive face.  “Now you know why I say you may do whatever you please with me.  After Arnulfo’s cruelty and the thought of life with that pig Gerard, nothing you could do could ever equal their evil.  Take your revenge on me, if that will make you happy again.  I know how badly you suffered at his hands, because I have tasted the bitterness of his anger, too,” Laura said with a voice filled with resignation.
Jason sat still, looking down at her tear stained face, struggling to keep his heart hardened, so he would not be fooled by her beauty.  Although her words and behavior had strongly affected him, he concentrated on feeling only hate.
“Jason, since you still doubt my story and seek other witnesses, look at my feet and touch the silent testimony they can give of Arnulfo’s anger and my punishment,” Laura whispered. 
 She lay back down on the bed ready to submit to whatever would happen to her.  Her hands covered her mouth trying to stifle the sobs that were threatening to escape from her mouth.  She closed her eyes and waited.  Her breasts were rising and falling rapidly, and she trembled in her nakedness before his gaze.  She waited, silently resigned to accept without complaint whatever he chose to do.
She felt the mattress shift as he moved his body away from hers.  His hand slowly followed the gentle curve of her leg down to her ankles.  She felt his fingers fumbling with the cords that wrapped around her ankles and held her shoes on her feet.  After they slipped off her feet and landed with a soft thud on the floor, she felt his hand touch the deformed surface of her feet.  He jerked his hand away, almost as if the burning brand was still pressed against her soles.
She closed her eyes and waited.  She heard a terrible noise, half-animal, half demon, escape his lips.  An awful, savage sound and a curse echoed through the room.  A door slammed, and Laura realized she was alone again.
Chapter 12
Turning over on her side, Laura closed her eyes and sobbed as the memory of the pain and fear flooded back through her mind.  When the horrors passed, she reached down and retrieved her slippers.  She put them carefully on her feet and wrapped the ties around her ankles.  Sitting up, she shivered with cold and emotion.  She pulled the rough cover around her body and looked around the cabin, for the first time noticing her surroundings.
In the flickering light of the oil lamp, Laura could see she was in a small sparsely furnished room.  There was a small bed on which she was still seated.  Across the room built into the wall was a small desk.  A crudely made chair sat beside it.  A chest sat on the floor near the door through which Jason had left.
Looking further, Laura saw a pile of canvas bags stacked in one corner.  Sticking out of one was the deep green color of one of her gowns.  She gasped in surprise when she realized Jason had brought her clothes, too.  “What was he planning to do with me?  If he hated me so much, was he going to sell me into slavery in some far country?  At least, I know he did not intend to just possess my body tonight, and then take me back to wed Gerard.  Maybe he plans to collect a ransom for my return,” she speculated  “Lord, what will become of me now if he still does not believe me innocent?  I must trust you, Lord, and not lose faith.  You delivered me from Arnulfo and Gerard.  That is what I prayed for, and I thank you for your love and mercy,” Laura prayed.
Laura strained to hear Jason’s voice.  “What is he going to do to me now?” she asked herself over and over again.  “How long will he torture me with suspense?”  Laura slid off the bed and crossed unsteadily across to the bag and pulled out her nightgown.  She slipped it over her head.  Although she had nothing on underneath, it did cover her nakedness.  
She was too nervous to sit patiently and wait.  She tried to walk, but the movement of the ship was new to her, and she lurched unsteadily.  Her body ached in every muscle.  She felt so terribly lost and alone.  Laura could feel her nerves growing more ragged with each minute that dragged by.  Her hands clenched uncontrollably, and she felt a strange tightness in her chest that made breathing an effort.  As she sat on the edge of the bed, she crossed her arms in front of her body and rocked slowly back and forth.  Time seemed endless.  “I can’t stand it anymore,” she cried aloud.  “Why doesn’t he comeback and get it over with?  I can take anything, but being locked in here alone, waiting, waiting, waiting, for God alone knows what!”
Laura stood unsteadily and stumbled to the door.  Putting her hand on the latch, she was shocked to feel it turn and open.  Slowly she opened the door and stepped out into a narrow passageway.  Ahead of her she saw four steps leading upward.  Far beyond, Laura could see the stars and the faint glow of moonlight.  Like a moth attracted to the light, she leaned against the doorway for a moment before moving toward the steps.  Laura’s nerves were stretched to the breaking point.  She felt tension building in her soul as she waited in the darkness.
“Better to go and meet my fate, no matter what it is, than to stay here alone and frightened,” Laura said suddenly.  Bracing herself against the wall of the hallway, she carefully walked towards the steps.  She pulled herself painfully up the steps until she emerged into the moonlight on the open deck.
The breeze was cold and blew her hair back away from her face.  She stood silently by the doorway listening to the strange sounds that surrounded her.  The masts groaned as the sails billowed and flapped in the wind.  The swells lapped against the hull as it rose and fell, and the timbers creaked mournfully.
Laura tensed as she looked around the deck.  Leaning against the railing with his back towards her, Laura saw Jason.  He stared out at the ocean.  The moon had just come from behind the clouds.  It sent silvery threads of light down to paint shimmering lines on the ocean’s surface.  The sight of the moonlight shining on Jason’s broad shoulders made her heart beat faster.
Laura paused, wondering if she should call to him.  She wanted to cross to his side, but she wasn’t sure if she could walk that far on the rolling deck without falling.  She had never felt so unsteady, not even after her feet were newly injured.
“I’d rather try to walk across, even if I fall than to wait here alone in suspense anymore.  It would be better to leap or fall into the sea than to go on waiting,” Laura told herself.
Laura looked around.  She had never been on a ship before.  The moonlight cast a soft, silvery glow making everything look strange and dreamlike.  Except for Jason, the deck appeared deserted.  Laura took a deep breath and stepped away from the doorway.  Another step and she felt herself falling off balance.  “Jason!” she cried as she lurched forward.
Jason whirled around and sprang across the distance between them.  He caught her in his arms as she started to fall.  He pulled her tightly to his chest and held her pressed close to his body.  For a long minute, he held her in silence before he gradually relaxed his grip.
Laura looked up at Jason’s face.  She caught her breath and trembled when he looked down at her.  His face was so changed she could not believe it was the same person she had seen inside who was so filled with hate and bitterness.  Jason gently stroked her hair, bent down and tenderly kissed her forehead.  Laura looked up at Jason again and saw that tears were flowing down his cheeks.  She moaned and reached up to wipe the tears from his face.  Her hand lightly touched his cheek and rested by his chin.  She stared into his eyes and saw them looking deeply into hers.  Laura felt as though she was being drawn into their cool blue depths.
“My dearest Laura, please forgive me,” Jason whispered hoarsely against her forehead.  “My heart has plotted such dark revenge against you for so long.  I never dreamt that you were the innocent victim of my kiss.  I should never have believed anything Arnulfo said.  Can you ever forgive me for all the anger and vile words and pain I’ve heaped on you tonight?  I treated you so roughly.  I’m so ashamed and sorry for hurting you.  I wanted to see you hurt then, but now I feel my heart will break if I see one more tear fall from your eyes,” he moaned brokenly as his arm tenderly surrounded her.
“Jason, my love, my only love, there is nothing to forgive, just the pain and sorrow of the past to forget,” Laura whispered fiercely.
“I’ll never hurt you again, Laura.  I promise that now before God.  I’ll set you free, or I will do whatever you ask of me,” Jason vowed.
“Please don’t make me go back to St. Valery.  Don’t send me away from you, not after I have found you again!” she cried, clinging to him trembling.  “When Arnulfo accused me of having a lover, I denied it.  It wasn’t until after I’d lost you that I realized what I felt for you was love, and since that time I have never stopped loving you.  Your memory consumed my thoughts and left no room for anyone else,” Laura declared.
“Laura,” he sighed, “I can’t believe my ears.  I’ve loved you so much for as long as I can remember.  All those months when I was angry and thought I hated you, I still dreamed of holding you like this.  That is what I planned to tell you when we met in the garden. I wanted to marry you as soon as I was knighted and took over the Barony.  I wanted you for my wife,” Jason confessed.
Laura slid her arms around Jason neck and gently pulled it down to her waiting lips.  Jason read the love in Laura’s eyes as he lowered his head to reverently possess what he had once planned to take by force.  Her lips parted and his tongue entered, teasing hers.  Laura clung to him and returned his kisses with all the love she’d kept locked inside since he had first kissed her so long ago.  Her hands caressed his strong bare shoulders.  The feel of his warm skin beneath her fingers sent shivers of longing rushing through her body, and she trembled at the intensity of the feelings of desire rising in her body.  She pressed her body against his with a low yearning sigh.
Jason showered kisses on her forehead, her temples, her eyes, and her neck behind her ears.  He kissed her lips again possessively as they swayed together in the moonlight.  Jason lifted her up into his arms and kissed her fiercely.  Her hair fanned out over his shoulder, and his kiss deepened as their tongues met and fire spread through his body.  Slowly, still kissing her, he carried her down the steps to his cabin.
Once inside, he set her down and gently pulled the soft gown over her head and dropped it on the floor.  He sank to his knees in front of her and kissed the soft white area between her breasts before his mouth moved to caress them.  Laura kissed the top of his head and ran her fingers through his thick wavy hair.  She moaned and moved against his body.
Jason’s hands trembled as they moved tenderly over the smooth white skin of her hips and back.  His mouth sought and captured her breasts again, caressing and teasing them with his tongue until both nipples became hard.
With a husky moan of longing, he laid her down on the bed.  He stripped the rest of his clothes off and lay down beside her.  With incredible gentleness, he kissed her and stroked her body until she moaned and writhed with desire.
“I love you, Jason,” she murmured against his lips as she pulled him closer to her waiting body.  She felt the strong fire of his flesh burning against her as  she arched her back to mold her body to his.  Jason gently pushed her legs apart with his knees and began caressing her with his hand.  He felt a thick warm moistness against his hand.  Unable to hold back any longer, he lowered his body down on hers.  Slowly he entered her.  At first his movements were shallow and slow, but soon his body was moving rapidly against her.  Laura’s fingers dug into his shoulder as she cried out with the pain of her lost virginity.  When he thrust deeper and deeper into her, their breathing became ragged and uneven as Jason claimed the sweetness of the prize he had dreamed about for so long.  His mouth devoured hers as his body shuddered at the moment of their total burst of fulfillment.  He sank down on her and kissed her with a deep gentleness.  His hands continued to caress her, but they no longer moved as insistently.
“My dearest love, I thought revenge would be sweet, but nothing could compare to the joyous ecstasy of making love to you and having you respond to me with love and desire as you just did,” Jason murmured huskily.
After their passion had been satisfied, they snuggled together.  Jason’s arms held Laura close beside him, her head resting on his chest.  She listened to his heart beating rapidly beneath her ear.  As it gradually slowed, she sighed with pure pleasure.
“If my life should end tonight, I would regret nothing.  Please, Jason, don’t ever send me away from you.  I love you so much my heart feels like it would break if we were ever separated again.  I missed you so much this last year.  I have found heaven tonight here on earth in your arms,” Laura purred.
With a deep kiss, Jason hugged her possessively against him.  “I couldn’t send you away, Laura.  You are a part of me now.  If you left, my heart would be torn out of my chest and would go with you.  I want you to be my wife and share the rest of my life with me.  That’s what I intended to tell you that last night at St. Valery,” he added, stroking her face and kissing her tenderly.  “Someday,” he vowed, “I will return to St. Valery and challenge Arnulfo.  I’ll kill him for what he did to you and for what he stole from me.”
“Jason, I am so afraid of him.  He is so evil.  I couldn’t bear living if anything happened to you,” Laura cried, trembling against his warm body.
“Don’t worry.  He’ll pay dearly for his treachery.  When my father returns, I’ll join forces with him to destroy Arnulfo and take back our home,” Jason vowed.
At the mention of Jason’s father, Laura jerked away.  “Jason, how could I have forgotten to tell you about your father.  Your kisses and caresses made me forget everything but us.”
“What news, Laura? Has he sent word that he will be returning soon?” Jason asked impatiently.
“Nearly four months ago, Arnulfo told Anne that your father and Duke Raymond had both been captured by Sultan Ayab, son of Al Kamil, leader of the Saracens, and was being held for ransom at Mansurah.  When the messenger arrived, Arnulfo had him killed before he could go to the Duke’s family.  He will not send any ransom.  He plans to let them die in prison,” Laura explained. 
“Will his treachery never end?” Jason cried.  “His own brother!  How could he be so vile! I pray God that they are still alive.”
“What can we do?  How could we raise their ransom?  Whatever I have is yours to use,” Laura offered.
“Sweet Laura, you have given me so much already.  Your love is worth more than I could ever say!  Tomorrow, with my crew’s support, we shall sail for Mansurah, but tonight, my dearest love, you are all I desire or need.  Come, Laura, and kiss me again,” Jason moaned, pulling her against him.  “I have a burning hunger in me that only your delightful body can satisfy.  I want you again, my beautiful lover.”
With a shiver of delight, Laura melted her body against his and responded with renewed passion as he took total possession of her again.
Exhausted, they fell asleep in each other’s arms.  Laura snuggled happily against the warm strength of Jason’s body and slept peacefully for the first time in months, cradled in the circle of Jason’s strong, loving arms.
The next morning Laura awoke slowly.  When her eyes opened, she sat up suddenly, her heart pounding.  She looked around fearfully, until she remembered all the events of the previous evening.  Since Jason was not beside her in bed, she thought fearfully that it might have been just a dream, until she felt the rocking of the ship.  She recognized the cabin, but the room felt too quiet and empty without Jason.  She stretched, feeling stiff and sore throughout her entire body, but so filled with love and joy that nothing else mattered.  Gingerly she bent down, put on her slippers, and got out of bed.  She tottered over to the stack of bags on the floor.  Opening one of them, she pulled out some of her clothes and her comb.  She dressed herself quickly and brushed her hair.  She dug deeper into the bags until she found a ribbon and pulled her hair back into a loose braid.
Laura felt a compelling need to see Jason, just to be sure it had not all been a wonderful, exciting dream.  Steadying herself along the walls, Laura retraced her path up the steps to the main deck.  Emerging from the darkness below, Laura blinked her eyes against the bright sunlit morning.  A strong breeze blew across her face, making her chemise flutter against her legs.  The ship was rising and falling more sharply now than it had last night.  Laura held onto the door frame to keep from falling.
Several men were working on the deck and in the riggings overhead.  She heard many voices, but could not see or hear Jason.  Laura felt herself blushing as she became conscious of the men’s stares and knowing looks.  Suddenly she felt frightened, but she could not move because of her unsteadiness.
A large black man whom she recognized as the captain from the day they had come to sell their wares at the castle, climbed down from the riggings and approached.  As he walked by, she asked timidly, “Where is Jason?”  The man looked her over, but did not answer.  He strode past her, crossed the deck, and climbed a series of steps.
Laura hesitated, trying to decide whether to stay there or try to return to Jason’s cabin.  As she stood there debating, Jason rapidly descended the steps and hurried to her side.  He put his arms around her and kissed her forehead tenderly.  “Good morning, my love,” he said giving her a hug.  She rested her head against his chest and smiled up at him.
“I feel so helpless.  Will I ever be able to walk on this deck without your help?” Laura asked with a shy laugh.
“I’ll gladly be your arms and legs,” he said with a grin, scooping her up into his arms, “and I would take you anywhere you want to go, except away from me.”  Masterfully he carried her across the deck and up the steps.  She put her arms around his neck and kissed his cheek.  He lowered her down onto a crate a few feet behind a huge wheel.  He stepped away from her and took the wheel from the hands of the huge black man Laura had spoken to earlier.
“Thanks, Mingo.  I’ll take over again.  Have all the men assembled on the main deck at noon,” he added before Mingo walked away.
Laura sat contentedly watching Jason holding the large wheel steady.  She saw his muscles rippling and bulging underneath his shirt.  She blushed as she remembered how she had clung to him last night, how her fingers had dug into his back as he had entered her, and how she had thrilled at the strength of his arms, and the firm warm hardness of his body moving deep inside her, setting her body on fire.  She shivered at the memory of his lovemaking in spite of the sunlight pouring down on her.
High on the upper deck, the wind blew stronger than below.  Laura stood, bracing herself against the crate.  She rocked with the movement of the ship.  Gradually she began to get the feel of the ship’s movements, and how to react with her muscles to regain her balance.  Gingerly, she stepped forward and hugged Jason from behind.  She rested her cheek against his back and snuggled against him with a happy squeeze and a deep sigh.
“I may be able to learn how to stand and walk here after all, if you let me stay here with you,” Laura laughed happily.
Jason pulled Laura around in front of him. Laura put her arms around him and held on.  She leaned against his body.  Jason bent down and kissed her upturned face.  Laura clung to him and returned his kiss with all the love and tenderness in her heart.
“Laura,” he chided with a low laugh, “it’s not fair to tease me so.  I want to hold you In my arms, but it is my turn to stand at the helm, and I can’t let go of it.”
Laura laughed playfully. “At last I have you where I want you.  Now I can tease you the way you teased me in the garden so many months ago and the way you tormented me last night.  I wanted to touch you, but my hands were tied.  Now you shall suffer the same fate,” she threatened.
She swayed seductively against his body, moving so her breasts rubbed against his chest. She put her hands up and caressed his chest and shoulders, tugging playfully at the hairs sticking out of the top of his shirt.  She reached up and ran her fingers through his hair at the base of his neck.  She pressed closer to him and she kissed his neck. Her hands moved to his back and then slid down his back to his hips.
“Laura,” he moaned, “you are driving me crazy with desire.  You shall pay dearly for this teasing when I get you back in our cabin.  You make me want your delicious body again and again.”
Laura laughed and hugged him happily.  “You can’t make me pay, because I give myself to you, totally, freely and joyfully, no, eagerly,” she admitted with a deep blush.  Laura stood with her face pressed against his chest for several minutes in silence.  Jason glanced down and saw there were tears on her cheeks.  “Why are you crying?” he asked in distress.
“My heart is so full of love and joy.  I’ve never felt this happy before, not in my whole life.  I’m so afraid something bad will happen to destroy this,” she sighed, sniffing back her tears.
“Don’t cry, my dearest love.  I’ll never let you get away again.  Nothing will ever separate us.  You are stuck with me for the rest of our lifetimes,” he said earnestly.  “Now, woman, stop this foolish crying and kiss me,” he commanded.
“Yes, my lord and master, I will gladly obey you,” she answered gravely.
“As soon as we reach a Christian port, we will be married by a man of the cloth.  Until then, I swear, here and now, before God that you are my one and only love, and that I will love you forever.  You are my wife, my love, my everything,” he solemnly vowed.
“And I will always love you and be yours until time ends, and we are united again in heaven,” she answered huskily.
When the sun was almost directly overhead, the crew gathered on the main deck.  A short, stocky man with a dark ruddy complexion and thick black beard approached Jason.  “The crew is ready, Captain,” he said.  “I’ll relieve you at the wheel.”
“Thanks, Jocko,” Jason said, relinquishing his hold on the wheel.  “Keep her steady on this course for now.  I’ll let you know what changes to make in a few minutes.”
With his left arm firmly around Laura’s shoulder, Jason guided her across to the top of the steps.  Standing on the upper deck, Jason looked down at the men assembled below.  He hugged Laura against him.  “Behold, men, the prize I’ve captured!” he announced triumphantly.  The men all shouted their approval and stared at her with open admiration.  Laura looked up at Jason, her face blushing a deep red, acutely aware of the men’s eyes roving over her.  She turned shyly and hid her glowing face against Jason’s chest.
Jason continued, “I find I’ve been totally wrong about Laura’s part in my betrayal.  She is blameless and, in fact, she suffered terribly because of me.”  Briefly Jason told of Arnulfo’s treachery and of her torture.  He lifted her up and carried her down to the main deck.  Sitting her down on the top step, Jason removed her right shoe. Laura sat with her head bent down in embarrassment.  When she looked up, tears were running down her cheeks.
“Because of her refusal to betray me, Arnulfo punished her severely.  Look at the scars that cripple her feet!”  He raised her foot up for them to see.  She heard their angry mutterings and oaths.  “Because of this, she has trouble walking, especially on the rolling deck.  If she ever needs anything, please help her, just as if you were doing a service for me.  Our youthful love has grown and blossomed, and we will wed as soon as we can find a churchman.  Treat her well, men, for she is part of me now, and I love her,” Jason added with a proud smile.  The men gave a rousing cheer and looked at her with a new feeling of respect and admiration.
When the cheers died down, Jason continued, “I asked for your help to capture Laura.  Now I find I must ask for your support and help again.  Some months ago, my father and Duke Raymond were captured by the Infidels.  They are being held for ransom in Mansurah.  Arnulfo killed the messenger who brought him the news and plans to leave them there to die.  I ask for your help to sail without delay to Mansurah to try to gain their freedom.  I realize many of you were looking forward to returning next to London.  I know this trouble with my father is no concern of yours, but I do not want to delay in trying to get their freedom.  If I can get their release, I promise all of you will share richly in my good fortune if I am successful.  If I fail, you will need to choose a new captain,” he said with a dark laugh.  “Talk it over and let me know what you decide. If you do not want to go on this adventure, we will go to London, and I shall look for a crew to follow me to Mansurah, and you will receive your fair share of this voyage’s profits.  Although Captain Allen gave the Sea Dog and its command to me, I feel this ship belongs to all of you.  Decide where we shall sail now,” Jason added.
While the men huddled together on the far side of the deck, Jason replaced Laura’s shoes.  “Forgive me for embarrassing you like this, but I needed my men to know the truth about your goodness and your place in my life.  They went with me to St. Valery thinking you were a false hearted woman and a traitor.  Now they know that you are innocent and worthy of their loyalty and respect.”  Jason lifted her gently down and held her close in his arms.  Laura leaned against him with her arms encircling his waist.
“Jason, you don’t need to apologize for anything.  I love you and trust you completely.  You are their captain and their friend.  They deserve to know the truth about all things that affect you,” Laura sighed.
Jason bent down, gently kissed her uplifted mouth, and hugged her close.  He released her when Mingo approached with the others close behind.  Their expressions were serious.
“Speaking for all of us, Jason, we are angry.  You say this trouble is not our concern.  You are our captain and our friend.  We are your crew.  Whatever affects you, affects us as well.  If we do go, we want to do more than just sail the ship.  If it comes to a fight, we’ll stand by you.  Where you lead, we will follow,” Mingo  stated solemnly.  “We pledge our loyalty to you and to your lady,” he added with a smile, eagerly extending his hand towards Jason.
Jason reached around Laura and grabbed Mingo’s hand.  Laura stared up at the huge black man’s face.  Shyly she reached out her tiny hand and laid it on theirs.  With tears in her eyes, Laura spoke to Mingo and the others.  “I pledge my love and loyalty to Jason and my thanks and affection to all of you.”  Mingo looked down at her face and smiled broadly, while the men lustily cheered their approval.
“Mingo, pass out two full rations of rum to all:  one to celebrate our success in gaining Laura’s freedom, and the second to our new adventure.  May it end as successfully!” Jason shouted.  The men cheered again and gradually drifted off towards their duty stations.
Jason looked at Laura and sighed happily, “Well, darling, everything is going to be all right now.  With you loving me and my men’s loyalty and help, and God on our side, we will succeed.  Come, Laura, you must be starved and exhausted after all that has happened to you since I carried you away to sea.”  Jason scooped her up into his arms and carried her down the steps to his cabin.
Once inside, Jason took her into his arms and kissed her with a gentle passion.  He sighed as he released her, “My hunger always seems to be for you. I’m afraid your love and beauty has awakened a demon in me.  I love you so much, Laura,” he moaned softly against her forehead.
“I love you, too, Jason, with all my heart.  I even love the ’demon’, because there is one living inside me, too, since you made me your own last night,” she added with a deep blush.
“We’ll eat later,” Jason said with a suggestive smile as he lifted her up onto the bed.  “Right now the ‘demon’ must be appeased, and only your body will satisfy him,” Jason groaned huskily.
“Come, let your ‘demon’ take possession of me.  I want you and need you now more than anything else.  Come to me,” she sighed as she put her arms around him and pulled him down on her body.  Once their clothes were mingled on the floor, she arched her back to meld their bodies together.  With the gentle rocking of the ship, he entered her again and they felt the joy of becoming one flesh again.  Later, they went to the galley and satisfied their hunger for food.
Chapter 13
“What do you mean?” Arnulfo bellowed in rage.  “How could she be gone?  Where is Laura?” he demanded.
Terrified by the look of fury in his eyes, Anne shook with fright.  “I don’t know!  When I went up to help her dress this morning, her door was barred from the inside.  I knocked and called, but she didn’t answer.  I got scared and called two of your guards.  They broke the door down, but she wasn’t there.  We searched her room and all through the tower, but we didn’t find her.  She’s gone, and I don’t know where to look for her,” Anne stammered.
Arnulfo stormed out of his room and hurried to Laura’s chamber. Anne followed along behind, having to run to keep up with his quick strides. At the door to Laura’s chamber, he paused to question his guards.
“Where is Laura?” he asked angrily.
“Sire, when I broke the door down, she wasn’t inside.  We’ve searched the area, but haven’t found her yet,” Marko answered gravely.
“Morgan, was the door locked when you arrived?” he questioned, staring at his guard’s eyes trying to detect any sign of falsehood.
“Yes, Sire, it was barred from the inside when we arrived.  Anne knocked and called, but no one answered.  We were afraid something was wrong, so we battered it down,” Morgan said.
“Has one of you been here by the door since you opened it?” Arnulfo asked.
“Yes, Sire.  Only Anne, Marko, and I have gone inside.  No one was inside when we broke the door open.  I have stayed here at the door since then to make sure no one enters or leaves,” Morgan answered seriously.
Arnulfo stormed into the empty chamber and began examining it closely.  He looked into the empty closet and opened the chest inside.  He swore angrily when he saw it was also empty.  He strode over and stared out of her window down the steep walls to the rocks far below.
He slammed his fist down on the window ledge and bellowed, “She can’t have just vanished.  She’s gone with all of her possessions.  Someone had to help her get out of this room,” he declared whirling to look at Anne’s white, tear stained face.
Anne shrank back from the fury in his fierce expression.  His eyes were black with rage.  “I swear, I did nothing wrong.  I don’t know where she is or how she got out.  I don’t know anything more than I have already told you,” Anne cried.
Turning to his guards, Arnulfo ordered, “Search the entire barony.  Leave nothing out.  Find her and bring her back to me.  Bring me any news you hear.”
After they left, he turned purposefully towards Anne.  Crossing over to her side, he spoke in a menacing voice filled with barely controlled fury.  “Now, Anne, I want the complete truth.  What do you know about this?” he demanded seizing her arm with his hand.  He squeezed it until Anne cried out with pain and sank down before him.
“I swear, I don’t know any more than you do!  She was here when I said good night and returned to my room.  She was undressed and ready for bed.  We hugged and parted.  I had only been in my room a few minutes before Marco summoned me to your chamber.  I was with you all night,” she said with a deep blush, for once thankful that she had spent the entire night in his bed.
He stared into her eyes, trying to decide if she was telling the truth.  “You were Laura’s closest friend and confidante, surely she told you what she was planning.  I want to know everything she’s said or done this last month.  Don’t leave out anything, no matter how small or unimportant it seems,” he ordered.  He pulled her over to the divan and forced her to sit down beside him.
Anne shivered at his angry closeness.  Gathering her thoughts, she told him all she could remember about their activities.  She described their talks and actions after dinner, how she had come back later in the evening, but Anne had not let her come in.  She said, “I want to spend my last night before marrying Gerard alone in prayer.”  She thanked me for taking care of her and said she would see me in the morning.  That is the last time I heard her voice” Anne exclaimed.
Arnulfo kept his hand tightly holding her arm.  “Is that all you remember?” he growled at last.  “How do you think she left?”
“I don’t know how she left, but I’m sure she did not leave of her own free will,” Anne stated emphatically.
“Why do you say that?” Arnulfo asked, staring at her pale face.
“Please release me for a moment,” she begged.  “I need to get something, but I promise to come right back.”
Arnulfo released her arm.  She rose and walked across the room to Laura’s bed.  She stooped down and picked up something that had fallen on the floor near the head of the bed and lay partially concealed by the bed curtain.  Returning to the divan, she handed a small black leather bound prayer book to Arnulfo, and sat down again.  Arnulfo turned it over in his hand, stared at it with a puzzled expression, and handed the book back to her.
“What does this have to do with her disappearance?” he asked with a quizzical look.
“Of all the things in Laura’s life, that prayer book meant the most to her.  It was a treasured gift from her father.  He gave it to her just before he left for the Crusades.  She rarely ever let it out of her sight for long.  She loved it so much.  She would never have left it here if she had done the packing or planning.  I don’t know how, but I’m sure someone forced her to leave.  I don’t know who did it or how it was done, but I’m sure she did not go willingly—or she would have taken it with her,” Anne explained simply.
Arnulfo, remembering having seen Anne frequently carrying or reading from the book, looked deep into Anne’s eyes.  “What you say makes sense.  For now, Anne, I believe you.  We must find her quickly.  The wedding should begin in three hours.  Gerard will be furious to have his bride disappear with all of his wedding gifts to her and with her own valuable dowry.  Everyone from far and wide has come to witness the nuptials.  How terrible this will be for all of us.  I pray he does not blame me for this.  He can be a very stubborn, hateful, and vindictive man when angered.  This will be a great embarrassment to him to have his bride suddenly leave before their marriage,” Arnulfo said angrily cursing.  “Anne, I want you to go now and talk to the other women in the castle and in the barony.  Try to find out for me if they know anything or have any idea how she left or where she might be now.  One of them may have seen or heard something that will help us,” he ordered.
Anne colored and stammered, “I’ll talk to them, but I don’t think they’d tell me anything, even if they did know something.  Since you singled me out and, especially now that I carry your child, they have rejected me.  If they are Laura’s friends, they see me as yours, and guard what they say.  I will try, but I am not hopeful that I will learn anything.”
All through the day, the search continued.  The guards returned and reported finding nothing.  Not a trace of Laura or her abductors could be found.  Arnulfo and Gerard’s moods grew blacker and angrier with each passing hour.  The time for the wedding came and passed without their being any closer to solving the mystery.
Gerard furiously accused Arnulfo of engineering the whole affair to steal the wedding gifts and dowry and then keep Laura and the gifts for himself.
“You’ll pay for this, Arnulfo,” Gerard threatened ominously.  “No one makes a fool out of me!  You have disgraced me in the eyes of the whole countryside!  If she is not found and sent to me within a week with all her gifts and dowry, I will return with my army and settle this insult with arms!” Gerard shouted in rage before he stormed out of St. Valery.
Arnulfo called in the Seneschal, asking about the castle doors, since it was the Seneschal’s responsibility to lock all the castle’s doors and gates each evening ant then unlock them each morning.  After locking the gates, the Seneschal brought the massive key rings to Arnulfo’s chamber where they stayed until he gave them back the next morning.  The Seneschal swore he had locked and checked all the gates personally before he handed the keys to Arnulfo that night.
Several times, Arnulfo quizzed him about each outer gate.  The Seneschal was an old and trusted knight who had faithfully served at St. Valery for thirty years.  Even Arnulfo had a grudging respect for his honesty and faithfulness to his duty.  Of all the people in the barony, he trusted the Seneschal more than any of the others.
“Do you have any idea how Laura left or was taken from her chamber?” Arnulfo questioned.
The Seneschal scratched his head and thought for some time before he answered.  “It wasn’t through one of the gates I locked, unless someone had another key (and I can’t see how that could have happened).  Another way would be the window, but the drop is so sheer and high, and there was no sign of a ladder.  It could have been magic or a miracle, but I am too old and practical to believe in that.  Another way could have been through some secret passageway.  No one’s used them for many years, and I don’t know of anyone who was even aware that they existed.  Of all the ways to get her out of her chamber and leave the door barred from the inside, I’d have to suspect some exit is hidden in her room.  It would make sense.  In the original castle, this chamber was used by the Baron and his family.”
“By God, you may be right.  I’d even forgotten all about them myself.  Is there a passageway that enters into her chamber?” Arnulfo asked with quickened interest.
“To be truthful, my Lord, it’s been so long since I explored them, I don‘t know for sure.  Give me some time, and I’ll find it for you, if it does exist,” he added.
After exploring and searching through the secret passages he remembered, the Seneschal traced their twists and turns.  Finally, he found a hidden panel that opened out into Laura’s closet.  He led Arnulfo through the panel and walked through the closet into Laura’s bedchamber. 
“Now I know how she got out of her room.  Next we need to find out who helped her and where she is now,” Arnulfo roared.
Arnulfo looked at the Seneschal.  “If someone knows about those passages, our tower is not safe from attack.  Locate the access and exit points and see that they are sealed shut.  I don’t want to be surprised like this again,” he said angrily.
During the next few days, the Seneschal searched through the passages and barred the entrances to the outer walls.  He did not seal them permanently, because he felt the castle needed to have the safety of an escape route.  He left the inner passageways, for the most part, undisturbed.
Time passed, but no news of Laura’s whereabouts was ever found in spite of the ruthless way Arnulfo’s men had searched the barony and the surrounding country side.
Late at night, sometimes Arnulfo talked to Anne about Laura’s disappearance and about Gerard’s threats.  With his child growing in Anne, he had treated her in a slightly gentler fashion.  He was very upset and worried about a war starting with Gerard.  Gerard’s army of mercenaries and serfs was larger and better armed than Arnulfo’s.  Even though he knew St. Valery was strong and could not be easily taken, he did not want to openly fight against his sovereign Lord.  He talked to her about the danger Gerard posed to the people and Barony of St. Valery.  Although Anne hated Arnulfo for what he had done to Jason, Laura, and others in the estate, she couldn’t help but feel worried about how a war with Gerard might affect St. Valery.
One night, Arnulfo seemed less anxious than he had been for many days.  After forcing Anne to have sex with him, he lay beside her and felt the movement of his child moving in her body.  At times like those, she was touched by his apparent concern for his unborn child.
“You seem more relaxed tonight than usual,” Anne remarked as his hand rested on her abdomen.
“Gerard has accepted my offer of peace and is not going to attack St. Valery.  He finally realizes I had no part in Laura’s disappearance.  It will cost me a small fortune, but he has agreed to a truce.  I’m hoping he’ll get over his anger in time,” Arnulfo confided.
“I’m glad it all ended well for you,” Anne whispered.
Arnulfo sat up, looked harshly at Anne, and snarled, “It did not go well for me.  I lost face with Gerard, the whole countryside has laughed at my failure to find her, and I must give huge sums from my coffers.  No, I am not happy at how it ended.  I swear to you, if I ever find the ones responsible for the disgrace this has caused me, I will torture them and all who aided them until there is nothing left of their bodies and their souls cry out in torment.  No one, not even their entire families, will escape my wrath.”
Anne looked at the twisted, evil, hate filled face beside her.   She was shocked by the intense anger in his voice and the look of sheer, raw hatred in his eyes.  At his words, she was brought back to the reality of the true nature of the man whose child she was forced to carry.  Suddenly she remembered the horror of all the evil he had done to Jason, Laura, and his cruelty to her.  She was ashamed that for a time, she had forgotten what kind of a devil he was.  She felt frightened, dirty, and horrified by his closeness.
As Anne’s size increased ,and it was nearing time for the child to be born, Arnulfo stopped being physically cruel to her.  He never said he cared for her, but he did welcome the idea of an heir to inherit his estate.  Although Anne was disgraced to be openly carrying his child out of wedlock, she did not want to be married to him.
Towards the end of her term, Arnulfo took a young mistress.  He made no effort to hide the fact from Anne.  She was shamed by his callous treatment of her, but she secretly hoped that he would never touch her again.  She felt no jealousy towards her replacement, only pity, because she knew how cruel he was.  Inflicting pain only increased his pleasure and satisfaction during sex.
The child came during the darkest part of the night.  The rain poured down outside and the winds howled loudly around the castle walls as Anne suffered through the birthing.  Anne screamed with agony as the child emerged.  A midwife attended her and took the baby from her body and wrapped it in a soft cloth.  When Anne first held the tiny, red-faced boy who snuggled against her body, nudging her swollen breasts with his fists, she forgot all the pain.  As he drank from her full breasts, she watched his face and smiled at his sucking noises.  In spite of her hatred for Arnulfo, in that first contact with her son, Anne’s feelings of motherly love were born.  She held the baby and kissed him tenderly, vowing to protect him from the evilness that was his father.
Arnulfo came the next morning to look at the child.  He smiled at the dark eyes and tiny hands of her son.  “Well done,” he said triumphantly.  “A son!  Now there will be another Baron with my bloodline.”  He left her without another word or glance.
Anne did not see or hear from Arnulfo for nearly three weeks.  She was in her chamber nursing Conan, whom Arnulfo had named after his father, when he silently entered.  She lay on her bed in a pale yellow chemise with one full breast exposed.  The baby sucked noisily at her nipple, his tiny hands pushing against her breast as he nursed.  Arnulfo came in and watched in fascination.  Anne was staring at her baby, and did not hear him approach.  Motherhood had agreed with her.  She was almost totally recovered from the childbirth.  Her figure had already begun to return to its former shape, except for the added fullness of her breasts, still swollen with milk.
“How beautiful you are, Anne,” he said quietly, staring at her partially covered body.  Anne jerked at the sound of his voice.  She looked up from the face of her sleepy son to Arnulfo’s dark face.  He reached down and lifted the baby from her breasts and carried it over to the small cradle on the other side of the bed.  The baby cried for a moment, then curled up with his full stomach bulging and started sucking on his fist.  Arnulfo stood by the cradle and watched the baby’s movements.  In a few moments, Conan was sound asleep.
With a low laugh, he exclaimed softly, “What a fat, healthy baby boy you have given me!  He will grow up to be just like me.  Someday he will rule over all that I now possess.”
Arnulfo crossed back to Anne.  She had pulled her chemise together while he was watching the baby, and sat on the edge of the bed.  He stood looking down at her, his eyes swiftly roving over her body.  He pulled off his clothes and pushed her roughly back on the bed.  He slipped the chemise off her shoulders and stared hungrily at her enlarged breasts, swollen with milk.  He sank down on the bed and pulled her tight against him in a fierce embrace.  “I’ve missed you, Anne.  Tonight I shall possess you and enjoy what Conan is receiving.  Maybe later, when he is grown, I will share the possession of the rest of your body with him.  How much you could teach him after all the months I have spent exploring your delightfully sexy body.  I’m sure later he would enjoy taking your body, not just your breasts,” he added with a coarse laugh. 
Arnulfo squeezed one of her breasts and felt the warm liquid flow out onto his palm.  He lowered his mouth and devoured her breast.  As he felt the warm liquid flowing into his mouth, he forced her legs apart with his hands and began roughly probing into her body. She twisted with revulsion and pain at his touch and crudeness.  As he continued stroking her body, she gradually began to writhe with a different emotion.  He laughed and roughly pushed her legs apart and forcefully entered her.  His movements were furious and brutal as he thrust ever deeper into her.  She screamed in pain at his roughness.
After he was satisfied, he mocked her and laughed at her tears.  “Did you think I had forgotten you?” he asked.  “Marie is a sweet child, but you are more of a woman than she will ever be.  Now that Conan is growing stronger every day, you shall resume your place in my bed whenever I call you.  Marie cries out too easily, much sooner than you used to do when I use my whip.  She begs for mercy and is no challenge.  Part of the pleasure for me with you has always been making the look of hatred disappear from your eyes.  Even today, I taunted you and then forced you to satisfy me, and I made you totally respond to me.  You hate me, but I can still make you writhe with desire.  With her, there is no challenge.  She merely fears me.  Your hatred keeps my interest.  I can force you to respond to me whenever I want you.  Do you realize how much satisfaction and pleasure it gives me knowing I have total control over your emotions?” he gloated with a triumphant laugh.
After he left, Anne cried bitter tears knowing much of what he said was true.  He was able to force her body to respond to his passionate touches, but nothing he could do would ever make her love him.  In her heart, Anne knew she hated him with all her heart and soul.
“Dear God, protect Conan from growing up to be like Arnulfo.  Give me a mother’s love, wisdom, courage, and strength, and Conan will never grow up to be like you,” she raged inwardly.  “I love him so much, but I would rather die than let him become a heartless, evil monster like Arnulfo.  Someday I will destroy him if I can!”
As time passed, Arnulfo continued making inquiries of all who entered or left St. Valery trying to discover clues to Laura’s location.  Gradually the questioning lessened, but Arnulfo did not forget the disgrace or the loss of fortune her disappearance had caused him.  His desire for revenge continued to grow and fester in his heart.
Chapter 14
After a few days at sea, Laura began to feel a little restless.  There was much of the time when Jason took his share of the work, and she was left on her own.  Laura had never been the kind who was content to be inactive.  At St. Valery she had kept busy with sewing, embroidery, gardening, reading in her prayer book, or doing other necessary chores for the barony.  Here on the Sea Dog, she really missed her prayer book and felt useless and restless much of the time.
After dinner one evening, she mentioned her need to be busy to Jason.  “May I use some of the cloth you brought to sell at St. Valery so I can do some sewing?  I could make some new clothes, and it would help me feel less restless when you are busy and cannot spend time with me.”
“You may use anything I have, my dearest Laura.  You know you do not have to do any work, but whatever you want, you may have,” Jason offered with a gentle kiss.
“Thank you, Jason.  I know I cannot have you by my side all day and night.  Sewing and working with my hands would help me pass the hours when you are busy.”
Part of each day, Laura spent with Jason.  The rest of the time, she worked on her sewing.  If the weather was mild, she would take her sewing and sit on the open deck and work in the morning or afternoon sunlight.  Being well skilled in stitching, she worked quickly and efficiently.  She still had some trouble with balance when walking on the deck and needed help moving around.
The men were so enchanted by her and so openly devoted to her that they almost fought each other for the right to help her move from one place to another.  Being the only woman on a ship filled with rough active men, she could easily have caused problems by flirting or setting one against the other, Laura was so modest and kind to all and so openly devoted to and in love with Jason that the men went out of their way to protect her from their roughness.  Laura always had a pleasant word and smile for everyone.
The first thing Laura sewed on was some rich green silky material.  She cut it out and made a flowing tunic for Jason, even adding a small embroidered crest of St. Valery on the collar.  When she handed it to him the night it was finished, she said with a shy smile, “For you to wear when we seek an audience with Sultan Ayab.  You are rightly a Baron, my love.  This will help you look more like one.”
Jason slipped it on and laughed at the thought of seeing his father again.  He hugged her and showered her with kisses and showed her in many tender ways how delighted he was with her gift, and how much he loved her.
From a piece of heavier blue material, she cut out and stitched a shirt.  It was of a simpler style, but carefully sewn.  One night before going to eat dinner with the crew, she handed it to Jason with a shy smile.  “Please give it to Mingo as my gift for all the help he has given me—and us.  I noticed his shirt was torn and wearing out, and I thought he needed a new shirt more than I needed another gown.”
“I won’t give it to him, Laura, but I will call him over so you can present it to him yourself.  I know it would mean more to him coming directly from you,” Jason said with a proud smile.
When Mingo came over at Jason’s call, Laura blushed becomingly.  Shyly she handed the shirt to him and thanked him for his kindness, friendship, and help.
Mingo stammered his thanks.  He fingered the material and held it up proudly to show the others.  “I never had anything so fine before, nor made by such gentle hands.  I don’t know what to say,” he added with a shake of his head.  Laura smiled happily back at him, extended her hand and wished him good health.
As the days stretched to weeks, Laura stitched, smiled, and mended her way into the hearts of Jason’s crew.  So many buttons needed to be re-sewn that Jason kidded Laura, “I think they are pulling them loose just so they can get your attention.  I know that’s what I’d do just to get that beautiful smile from you.” 
Laura giggled at his words.  “I wish there was more I could do.  They have treated me with such respect and gentleness.  We are blessed to have such wonderful crew.”  Not even the hardest or roughest sailor was immune to her modest gentleness.  Often the loudest man with the most colorful vocabulary, who could arouse fear in any man during a fight ashore, was seen carefully helping Laura cross the deck to her sewing spot or lifting her gently up the steps so she could stand or sit by Jason as he took his turn at the wheel.
Due to the sunshine and fresh air, Laura’s skin darkened slightly from a soft cream color to a golden tan.  Her blond hair grew longer and lighter, and a rosy glow of health and happiness showed on her cheeks.  Her sea-green eyes sparkled with joy and laughter.  Her figure filled out becomingly in all the right places.  Always pretty, she became even more beautiful to behold, and yet she was unaware of the profound affect her appearance had on others.  Unlike many other pretty women, she was not vain or conceited, and that made her beauty even more remarkable.
Each man on board, due to his loyalty to Jason and to his respect for Laura’s innate goodness, became her protector and would have risked his life defending her honor.
By the time the Sea Dog approached the coast of Egypt, Jason and Laura had decided to contact Sultan Ayab as soon as they arrived at Mansurah.  They would send a message seeking an audience with him, tell him their story and desire to redeem his prisoners, and present the goods they had brought to gain the release of Robert and Duke Raymond.  As they began sailing the Nile toward Mansurah, Laura and Jason took stock of what they had on board that they could offer as a ransom.  On their last trading stops, they had purchased many things they hoped would appeal to the Sultan.
Laura opened the two small chests which Jason had taken from St. Valery the night he had taken her on the Sea Dog.  One chest contained several pieces of jewelry.  There were three heavy ornate gold necklaces that were decorated with sapphires, rubies, and garnets that Gerard had sent as bridal gifts.  The other chest contained more modest gifts sent from Tres Mortes.  On top was a smaller necklace of such delicate workmanship that it was much more precious to Laura in spite of having fewer jewels.  This necklace was especially loved by her because it had belonged to her mother and had been handed down to her when her mother passed away.  It had originally been a wedding gift to her mother from her father.  She fingered the tiny scroll work on her mother’s necklace and looked at it lovingly.  With a smile, she handed it and all the other jewels to Jason.  “Add these to your ransom offerings,” Laura said quietly. “They are all I have that is of any value, but they are yours to use any way you want them.  Nothing in this world means more to me than you and your success and happiness.”
Jason accepted the jewelry with deep emotion filling his heart.  “You don’t need to give all of these, Laura.  I know you love your mother’s necklace.  Why don’t you keep that one?” he asked, returning the necklace to her.
“I have my memories of it.  If I held it back, I would be showing that a thing was more important to me than rescuing your father and Duke Raymond.  Jewels can be replaced, Jason, but nothing can replace our friends and family.  May God bless this offering and bring us success in gaining their freedom,” Laura said as she placed it in the chest with the other things.  Laura showed no sign of sadness or regret at parting with her treasures.  Jason took her in his arms and held her close to his heart and showered her with kisses and love.
Besides the jewelry, Jason had saved a quantity of gold during the months of trading on the Sea Dog.  As he was counting it, the crew wandered in, one by one, and offered most of what they had earned to sweeten the ransom offer.  Part of the cargo of wines, fine materials, sacks of grains and wool were added to the growing pile.  He also had many fine wooden boards in the hold to go with the items in the cabin.  Jason carefully recorded how much each crew member gave in a special log and vowed that he would repay them for all of their help.
When everything was laid out, Jason looked at it sadly and said, “It is not a huge fortune, but it is all we have to offer.  It has to be enough.”
Laura put her arms around him and said, “Have faith, my love.  We are in the right; God will go with us.”
Arriving first at Damietta at the mouth of the broad Nile delta, Jason sent a messenger to Sultan Ayab at Mansurah requesting permission to enter his camp to talk about the release of Baron Robert of St. Valery and Duke Raymond of Sorvienne.  When the Sultan’s answer was received, the Sea Dog was allowed to pass the heavy fortifications at Damietta and sail up the Nile.  Jason stood at the helm, carefully piloting the ship upstream towards Mansurah.  Laura leaned against him, her arm loosely around his waist.  She rested her cheek against his chest and listened to the strong, steady beating of his heart.  A feeling of joy and contentment flooded over her, and she sighed softly.
As the day increased, the sun shone down mercilessly causing heat waves to dance along the horizon.  Looking along either side of the huge river, Laura saw tall thin trees with odd looking branches at the top.  Jason told her they were called palm trees.  Laura looked closely at them in surprise.  Remembering from her childhood the stories told by Father Gregory at Tres Mortes of Jesus’s triumphant entry into Jerusalem with palm branches laid out on the road before him.  She smiled at the memory of Father Gregory and wondered if he was still alive.  She wished he could know of her happiness with Jason.
Looking past the palm trees and marshy grasses along the riverbank, Laura could see a dry, barren looking country.  White sand stretched as far as she could see towards the rocky looking mountains in the far distance.  Here and there, she saw a small dark place in the vast ocean of sand surrounding the river.  Jason told her it was an oasis, a small water hole or artesian spring of water where vegetation grew in profusion around the water source.
As they sailed along, Laura exclaimed in awe over the strange looking animals people were riding or leading.  They stood much taller than any horses she had ever seen.  Their bodies were thicker and appeared to have large bumps on their backs.  Between these ridges, riders or packs sat.  The animals were covered with a dark brown matted fur.
Jason laughed softly at her amazement.  “I reacted the same way the first time I saw a camel when I came here with Captain Allen.  You would have loved him!  He was so good and kind and so full of lighthearted humor.  He told me that camels are bad tempered, foul-smelling animals, not at all like a horse, but they are perfect for this dry land.  He said they can go for days without drinking water.  They are very valuable possessions in this arid land.  Some people measure their wealth by the number of camels they own, others by the number of wives they keep,” he added with a quick smile.
“Wives?” Laura squealed in surprise.
“Yes, love.  Unlike us, a sultan may have a dozen or more wives.  Of course, if he had a wife as beautiful and loving as you, he’d never want or need anyone else,” Jason said earnestly, his eyes filled with joy as he glanced down at her rosy cheeks and excited eyes.
Laura squeezed him happily and laughed musically.  “You’d better not try to take another wife!  I’m not willing to share your love with any other woman.”
In answer, he bent down and kissed her upturned mouth with such fire and love that she knew she need never worry about being replaced.  She snuggled closer and sighed contentedly.
Upon arrival near Mansurah, the crew sprang into action.  The sails were quickly lowered and secured.  The anchor was dropped, and the longboat was prepared for launching.
In the cabin, Jason put on the rich green tunic Laura had made for him.  He buckled his belt and attached the scabbard holding his long knife before going on deck to arrange the samples of the ransom they had brought to offer.
While he was gone, Laura dressed in her pale green gown over a deep saffron colored chemise.  She brushed her hair until it shone like burnished gold, carefully twisting it into two long, thick braids in which she wound fine gold and green ribbons.  During her days on the Sea Dog, Laura had sewn a new pair of slippers of soft, supple leather.  She carefully slipped them on her deformed feet and tied them securely around her ankles.  She fastened her mother’s necklace around her neck, wearing it for luck, hating to give it up, but willing to give all she had for Jason.  Her girdle, delicately decorated with tiny embroidered flowers, was tied around her waist, gently molding the gown to accent the gentle curves of her small body.
Jason entering the cabin as Laura finished tying on her girdle, whistled softly, struck by the exquisite beauty of the woman he loved.  He walked over and gently pulled her into his arms.
“Well, Laura,” he sighed, “are you as excited and nervous as I am?  I’m afraid we might be too late to ransom them.  In the last six months, God alone knows what could have happened to them.  Even if they are alive, do we have enough to free them?”
“Have faith, Jason.  God has brought us together and helped us get this far.  He won’t desert us now.  We shall soon know the answers to all your questions,” Laura reassured him.
“I still feel worried about taking you with me to the Infidel’s camp.  It may be rough and dangerous.  I don’t want to take any chances with your safety,” Jason murmured against her cheek.
“Please, don’t try to stop me now.  I’m not afraid of anything, except losing you.  Like Ruth said in the Holy Book, “Wherever you will go, I will go’.  Soon I will be your wife, and, even now, I feel I am yours in every way but in the sight of the church.  I am ready to follow you wherever you lead,” Laura added with an excited smile.
Jason kissed her upturned mouth with a deep possessiveness tinged with tenderness.  Laura responded with a deep sigh.  Her mouth parted at the touch of his lips.  They swayed together, lost in the sweet thrill of their love.  Slowly, he released her.  “Come, my love.  It’s time to go.  Sultan Ayab is expecting us soon,” Jason said.  With his arm around her shoulder, he guided her down the hallway.  Lifting her up into his arms, he carried her over to the waiting longboat.  He sat her down in the middle.  Several large bundles had already been loaded in the boat.  The longboat was hoisted over the railing and lowered down into the waters of the Nile.  Jason and Mingo climbed down the rope ladders and took up their places at the oars.
“We shall return or send a message about the ransom and how things go.  Wait here and be on your guard.  No telling what treachery to expect from the Infidels,” Jason called to his men on the ship as the longboat moved away from the Sea Dog.
The Nile was deep and wide at this point.  After rowing a few minutes, Jason and Mingo pulled the boat up on the sandy riverbank.  Jason lifted Laura out of the boat and carried her up to dry, solid footing.  With his arm around her, they walked up to a small cluster of white mud houses.
Mingo approached a group of men in long flowing robes who were lounging in the shade by the doorway.  Laura heard him speaking in a strange language.  When Mingo finished, he returned to Jason.  “The Sultan’s camp is some distance from here.  He has sent these men to escort us to his location.  They have brought horses for us to ride and to carry our goods,” Mingo reported. 
“Good.  We are ready to start now,” Jason said impatiently.  One of the men brought over a large white horse for Jason.  He climbed into the saddle.  Mingo lifted Laura up to sit crosswise in front of him.  The horse reared, but Jason, having practically grown up on horseback, settled him down with a practiced ease.  Mingo, not as skilled at riding, awkwardly mounted a black mare.  After loading the bags from the longboat onto the horses, the men sprang into their saddles. Quickly they turned and galloped off towards the west. 
Laura settled back against Jason.  She was used to riding a horse, although not in Jason’s arms.  She soon fell into the easy rhythm of the stallion’s gallop.  The feel of Jason’s strong arm around her, the closeness of his body, and the excitement of galloping over the sandy terrain filled her with a sense of exhilaration.
In the distance, Laura could see the steep white walls of a large castle rising out of the vastness of the white desert sands.  It loomed larger and larger as the distance was gobbled up by the horse’s hooves.  It was not built in the same style as St. Valery, but it was huge, easily twice as large as Tres Mortes.  Having imagined Ayab’s camp would be a cluster of tents, Laura was awed by the huge permanent walls rising up ahead of them, and stared up at it in amazement.
Approaching the tall white walls at full speed, a huge gate was opened by unseen hands, and the group of riders galloped inside.  When the horses were abruptly reined to a stop, men came running from all sides to grab their leads.  Jason swung down from the saddle and lifted Laura down to his side.  He kept his arm protectively around her shoulder.  Others quickly unloaded the horses and carried the bags from the horses into the building.
A tall, thin man in a flowing white robe approached Jason with a low bow.  Saying a few words to Mingo, he led them into a large open hall.  Huge tapestries hung on the walls and a bright colored carpet covered most of the floor.  At one end of the room, seated on a huge pile of many colored cushions was an immense man.  His size seemed to match the impressiveness of his surroundings.  He motioned for them to come forward.  Jason escorted Laura across the broad open area to stand near the pile of cushions.  Mingo followed and stopped a step or two behind Jason.  Laura shyly looked around the room.  Looking up she was aware of Ayab’s eyes resting on her.  She looked down uncertainly, suddenly afraid to meet the intensity of his expression.
Chapter 15
Laura was awed by the size and appearance of the man Mingo introduced as Sultan Ayab, son of el-Kamil, leader of the Saracens and ruler of Persia.  The man rose when they approached.  Laura thought Jason was tall, but Ayab towered over him.  Besides his height, he was stocky and powerfully built.  Even though his body was hidden by loose flowing white robes, Laura felt sure he was muscular, not fat.
The Sultan’s face was a dark olive color.  His nose was long and pointed, ending over a black moustache and well-trimmed beard.  When he greeted them, Laura noticed his teeth were stained a dark yellowish brown color, probably from chewing the small seeds of a native tobacco plant.  She had heard one of the returning travelers from the East talking about it, but she could not remember what the plant was called.
Speaking in a deep voice, he spoke first in his own language to Mingo.  After Mingo translated his greeting to them, Ayab turned and spoke directly to Jason.  His voice had a thick accent, but was remarkably easy to understand.
“Welcome to my home.  Please sit down,” he said indicating the cushions on the floor.  Laura, Jason, and Mingo sat down on the pile of cushions across from where the Sultan had resumed his seat.  Clapping his hands, he called loudly, “Bring food and drink for all.”
Soon, in answer to his command, ten women entered carrying huge baskets and serving trays loaded with fresh fruits, nuts, meats, and pitchers filled with fermented fruit juices.  Food and drink were served to each one.  Most of the women were covered from head to toe in soft flowing materials.  Their faces were veiled with only their dark almond shaped eyes being visible.  They moved fluidly, almost noiselessly, around the room.
As the food was being served and eaten, Laura looked curiously around the magnificent room in which they were seated.  The walls of the chamber had been painted with a white wash and were decorated with designs of azure, crimson, and viridian.  The floor was covered with mosaic tiles in the same brilliant colors.
A rosy glow spread over the room.  Laura noticed in the other end of the chamber was a small lush garden with an immense stone fountain.  Water bubbled out of it into a small pool below.  Above the fountain area, Laura saw the roof was open to the sky.  Bright red cloths were draped across the opening, offering partial shade and creating the warm red glow in the chamber, making the room appear bright and cheerful.
Tapestries of immense size hung on the walls, replete with intricate figures of horses and riders, men in long flowing robes, and women covered with many colored garments.
All in all, Laura was amazed at the size and richness of the chamber they sat in and stole glances at the man who offered them food and drink.
Jason, Mingo, and Laura sampled the many dishes of food offered to them by their host.  He ate and drank freely, explaining patiently what each delicacy was.  Olives, grapes, dates, almonds, small cakes drizzled with honey, eel, and lamb were offered in turn.  Although Laura was not anxious to try all of the items, she knew it would be rude to refuse them.  She managed to try them all and smiled graciously at her host.  She was surprised and pleased at the taste of all except the eel which was seasoned with a heavy garlic sauce.  The sweet fermented juices made her feel warm inside so she barely sipped them.
When all were satisfied, he clapped his hands and the dishes were removed by the same silent women.  “Now,” Sultan Ayab said with a serious expression, “why have you asked to come to my humble abode?  Your message mentioned Sir Robert of St. Valery and Duke Raymond of Sorvienne.  What have you two children to do with them?”
Jason bristled slightly at being referred to as a child, but he explained.  “We have come a long ways to beg for your help.  We were told they had been captured and were being held for ransom here at Mansurah.  Is that true?” Jason asked barely able to control his emotions.
The Sultan looked them over slowly and carefully before answering.  His eyes rested on Laura for a moment as if lost in thought.  Finally, he said, “Yes, they were captured many months ago.  A messenger was sent to their lands, but no answer was received.”  He paused again.  “Normally they would have been killed by this time, but they fought so bravely and have behaved so gallantly since their capture that I spared their lives.  They are still prisoners here.”
“Thank God, they are still alive!” Laura exclaimed with a smile at Jason.  She blushed self-consciously when Ayab turned and stared intently at her.
“We wish to see them and to obtain their freedom,” Jason added seriously.  “We just learned about their capture.  When we heard of this, we gathered together all the riches we had and hurried here.”
“So you wish to see them?” Ayab asked with a quizzical smile.
“Yes, Sir Robert is my father.  I have not seen him for several years.  Much evil has happened in our land since he left, and we need both of them to return to our land.  Through vile treachery, the messenger you sent was killed, and we only learned of this a few weeks ago,” Jason quickly explained.
“Your majesty,” Laura shyly spoke in a soft melodious voice, “we have travelled such a long distance to reach your land.  Please be merciful and let us see the ones we seek.”
Ayab looked at her eyes and rosy cheeks and smiled in spite of his usual reserve.  Clapping his hands again, he called to the guard who stepped forward and spoke quietly in Arabic.
“Have some more wine,” he offered again passing the pitcher.  The men each drank again.  Laura refilled her glass, but barely sipped at it before setting it down again.  As the men sat sipping their wine, the guards re-appeared leading two men into the chamber.  Their clothes had once been rich, but were now dirty and tattered.  They were both thin, but appeared to be in good health otherwise.
Turning to the two men, Ayab said with a dry laugh, “These two children came to see you.”
Jason eagerly looked over at the two men standing nearby.  He was shocked to see the change in his father.  He looked so much older and very tired, but Jason would have recognized him anywhere.  He leaped to his feet and dropped down on one knee before his father.  “My Lord, I am at your service.”  He kissed his hand as a sign of respect and loyalty.  Next he rose and knelt before Duke Raymond and repeated his greeting of loyalty.  Laura and Mingo both rose and greeted them.  Laura curtsied shyly, and Mingo bowed deeply.
Both men looked at the three people standing before them, openly puzzled, and unable to understand who they were and why they were there.  Jason stood up and looked into his father’s eyes.  He spoke softly with deep emotion, “We have both changed in the five years since you left St. Valery, but have I grown so much that you do not recognize me, Father.  I’m Jason, your son.”
When he heard this, he grabbed Jason in a fierce embrace and pounded him on the back in excited greeting.  He pushed him away and remarked over and over again at how much he had grown and changed.  Duke Raymond embraced him, too.
When part of the boisterous greetings had subsided, Jason brought Laura forward and introduced her to each man.  “Father and Duke Raymond, this is Laura, daughter of the late Baron Nivelon of Tres Mortes.  She was made ward of my Uncle Arnulfo, and soon will be my bride,” Jason added proudly.
Shyly Laura curtsied low again and blushed becomingly at the warmth of the greeting of each man.  Both welcomed her with a courtly embrace and spoke with open affection and respect of her father and his bravery.  For several minutes, they were so taken up in their reunion and in exchanging their news that they seemed to forget Ayab’s presence.  Like a great jungle cat, he sat patiently and waited, silently watching all, but saying nothing.
Jason quickly told them about the trouble at St. Valery, of Arnulfo’s treachery, of his ambush and attempted murder of Jason, of Laura’s brutal treatment, and of Arnulfo’s refusal to send ransom.  He told them how he had stolen Laura away just before her forced marriage to Gerard and had sailed here as soon as he learned of their capture.  Each story produced an even louder oath or reaction. Both men were horrified to hear of Arnulfo’s vile treachery and of his abuse of his subjects.  While the three men were getting re-acquainted, Laura took the time to examine the three men before her.  Her eyes shone with love and admiration for Jason as he spoke rapidly telling them all that had transpired.  He answered their questions respectfully, but with authority.
Laura’s eyes rested on the face of Robert.  Jason’s father was a strong, quiet, thoughtful appearing man.  He listened intently to all Jason had to say, rarely interrupting.  When he spoke, Laura was impressed by the deep musical quality of his voice.  Laura noticed there was a distinct family resemblance between Jason and his father.  The first thing Laura noticed was that his eyes were of the same deep blue color as Jason’s.  His features were similar, but broader than his son’s.  His brown hair was heavily peppered with gray, and there were wrinkles around his eyes and across his forehead.  His hair and beard were long and somewhat unkempt, but they only accentuated the striking appearance of his eyes.
Duke Raymond, even dressed as he was in a tattered tunic, had the manner and bearing of a nobleman.  There was something impressive about him.  Laura carefully examined him, trying to figure out what that special quality was.  He was neither as tall nor as muscular as Robert or Jason.  His hair, a deep chestnut brown with streaks of gray running through it, hung to just above his shoulders.  He was clean shaven, except for a well-trimmed moustache that curved down around the corners of his mouth.  His deep brown eyes were shaded by thick lashes and full eyebrows.  There was an intensity in his expression and a calmness in his manner that seemed to inspire respect from the others.
“Gentlemen and lady,” Sultan Ayab broke in finally, “Please be seated.  Now that you are re-acquainted, shall we get down to business?”
The four men and Laura sat down on the abundant piles of pillows and cushions heaped on the colorful floor.  Laura sat at the right of Jason next to Ayab.  On Jason’s left was his father.  Duke Raymond sat between Robert and Ayab.  Mingo  sat a small distance behind Jason.  At Ayab’s signal, wine was brought for the two older knights.  After all were settled, they turned expectantly to Ayab.
“These children,” he said with a fleeting glance at Jason and a longer look at Laura, “have come to ransom you.  They want me to be merciful and release you so you can return with them to your lands.  You two both know I am not famous for my mercy or my kindness.  What do you have to offer for their ransom?”
“Here are samples of what we have on board our ship to give you for their release: finest wines from the south of France, precious jewels and jewelry, planks of finest hardwoods from the forests near our home, 100 sacks of grain, and 3 bags of gold coins,” Jason added as Mingo spread the items out before Ayab.  As Laura watched the growing stacks of goods being laid out before the Sultan, she looked around and realized how little they had to offer to one as rich and powerful and so obviously wealthy.  The furnishings in this one large room were easily worth much more than Jason’s offerings.
The Sultan listened with half-closed eyes, silently considering their offer.  When Jason finished speaking, he sat silently for several seconds before he raised his eyebrows quizzically and asked contemptuously, “Is that all you bring?  That would not be enough to buy the freedom of one man, especially not a man of their worth.  What else do you have that is of value?” he asked with an odd smile.
“That is all we have in the world right now to give.  My men and I have offered everything we have on board.  Laura has given all she owns including the necklace which she now wears.  It belonged to her mother, and is her most prized possession—the only thing she has that reminds her of her parents.”
Laura took it off and placed it on the pile of jewels at Ayab’s feet.  “Take it, please, and let them go free,” she added humbling looking up into his dark eyes.  Ayab made no comment as he stared at Laura’s upturned face, unable to draw his eyes from her blue-green eyes.
Since he did not speak, Jason continued, “As you heard us tell Robert and Duke Raymond, we were both cheated out of our rightful estates by the treachery of my uncle.  Until we can regain our lands, we have only these things to offer.”  Jason explained with deep despair in his voice.  “Without their release we have no chance of regaining our lands or getting any further wealth to offer.  If you would release them, I pledge, on my honor, to bring back whatever you demand.”
Ayab laughed harshly.  “Promises!  Promises from a Christian!  So many cannot be trusted,” he exclaimed bitterly.  Looking intently at the four men seated before him, he asked again, “Think carefully. Don’t you have anything else with you that you might offer me?  There is one thing of incomparable beauty and richness that pleases me and tempts me more than all the other trinkets you have scattered at my feet.  Give me this one added jewel, along with these other gifts, and both men shall go free.”
They looked at each other with puzzled expressions.  “What do you mean?” Jason asked.  “We have no other jewels with us, only what we have brought and already presented.  Explain what you wish, and I will bring it, if I can.”
Ayab looked intently from one man to the other before letting his eyes come to rest on Laura’s face.  “The jewel I want for my own is seated here beside me.  Give me the lady, and you men shall all go free.  Leave her here, and you may go whenever you wish,” Ayab announced with a broad smile.
Laura gasped in surprise and looked down with a deep blush of distress before the appreciative look in the Sultan’s eyes.
All three men gave a startled oath.  “You can’t be serious,” Robert shouted.  “She is a mere child, my son’s promised bride.  We would never consider such a thing!”
Jason, anger and fear rising in his heart, exclaimed, “Never!  She is not an object to be traded or sold.  She is my future wife, and I will not give her up!”
Duke Raymond angrily protested. “This offer is beneath you, Ayab.  You have many wives in your harem.  In our land, we take only one wife.  Let us go, and I will shower you with wealth as soon as we regain our lands.”
“No!”  Ayab quietly repeated, “I do not deal in promises.  It is either her, or there will be no freedom for you.  I have never seen a woman like her before.  Her beauty is remarkable especially in this land of dark-eyed, olive skinned women.  She is what I desire more than any of these other things.  I want her to stay here with me, and I will treasure her and protect her.  Once I decide I want something then I shall have it or nothing.  She pleases me much more than the other baubles you’ve brought.  That is my offer.  Take it or leave it.  If you men stay as my prisoners, or leave to go to your home lands, it is all the same to me,” he added settling back to watch them with a smirk.
“Never!” the four men shouted.
“Our freedom can’t be bought at the cost of her life, her freedom, or her happiness,” Duke Raymond cried.  “We wish to be free to return to our homes, but not on your terms.”
“No matter,” Ayab said softly. “If you would rather stay here and enjoy the hospitality of my prison, that is your choice, but realize this.  Since I now realize no ransom will ever be sent to save you, there is no practical reason to keep you alive.  I know what I want; nothing less will do.  I have made up my mind, and I will not reconsider.”
For several minutes, the men haggled with Ayab over his demands.  Each minute their chance of freedom and success seemed more and more remote.  In anger and frustration, Jason put his hand on his dagger.  Robert quickly intercepted it.
“A very wise action, Robert.  You are now surrounded by at least twenty of my loyal men all awaiting my order to attack.  If you try anything foolish, you will all be dead or in my prison before your dagger had reached my body,” Ayab threatened ominously.
“I would rather die defending Laura than live a thousand lifetimes without her,” Jason answered with an angry shout.
“Touch your dagger one more time, and you will get your wish to die!” Ayab snapped with an angry glare.
“Sultan, my lords, please stop this fighting.  Please, let me speak,” Laura’s voice broke into the angry stillness between the men.  Tears danced in her eyes as she looked from one to the other.  Without waiting for a reply, she continued in a strong, but soft voice.  “This last two months with Jason on the Sea Dog has been the happiest time of my life.  I love him more than anything, even my life itself.  Loving him and being loved by him has erased all the pain and sadness of the past.  I have dreams of spending the rest of my life with Jason, but my dream of happiness is not as important as the freedom of these men.  There are hundreds of people living in their lands who are being cruelly mistreated and murdered while these two men are locked up here.  Although I would not have chosen this myself unless I felt there was no other way, I agree to stay here with you, Sultan Ayab, as long as you let them all leave in good health and safety.  Jason,” she said looking at him, “let me do this one last act of love for you and for all those at St. Valery and Tres Mortes that I love.”  A solitary tear rolled down her cheek, but she intercepted it before it had time to reach her chin.
All four men stared at her, strong emotions struggling inside them.
“We can’t let you do this for us,” Robert cried out at last. “We have lived long lives and are ready to die.  Our freedom cannot be bought with your sacrifice.  We won’t consider it!”
Jason, fighting to keep his emotions in check, took her hand in his.  “Laura, do you think I could go on living without you in my life?  Death would be better than that.  We will find another way--we must.  This will never do!” he cried.
Raymond, overcome with emotion, looked unbelievingly at Laura.  “You would really do this for us to regain our freedom?” he asked incredulously.  “You’ve never seen either of us before and yet you’d sacrifice all for us.”  Robert knelt on one knee in front of her.  He took Laura’s tiny hand in his and kissed it gently.  “Never have I met a woman as brave or as generous as you.  I pledge my sword, my honor, and my life to your service; but I, too, would rather die than accept your sacrifice.”
Duke Raymond stood and looked down at Laura.  “Come, Ayab.  Return us to our cells.  Your price for our freedom is too costly.  Even if I do not live to see another day, my heart is blessed having met one as beautiful and brave as you, Laura.”  He bowed low to her, then glared at Ayab.
“Why do you all protest so?  She said she would stay.  She is willing to stay here, and I promise I will prize her and protect her.  Reconsider!  It is your only chance for freedom.  If you leave her here, you can go back to your country and live rich lives.  Here, if you stay, you will surely die in my prisons.  What choice do you really have?” he asked with a dry laugh.
“We both choose death rather than her sacrifice!” they both shouted angrily.  “Take us back to our cells and let them leave in peace.”
Ayab clapped his hands, and the guards rushed in to lead the men out.  After they were gone, Jason sat silent, his hand still holding Laura’s, his eyes cast down.  His head hung down, and his shoulders drooped under the weight of his disappointment.  Jason was torn apart knowing he would never see his father again.  He wasn’t upset at the thought of losing St. Valery.  He knew he could live happily with Laura on the Sea Dog or anywhere else, but he hated the thought of his father being locked up and left to die.  Without his father’s return, he knew everything would belong to Arnulfo.
Laura looked at him with tears in her eyes.
“Don’t be too hasty,” Ayab broke into his thoughts.  “You have until tomorrow morning to decide what to do.  If you leave without them, I can tell you I have no reason to keep them alive.  From what you have said, you are their only hope for ransom.  I’ve already let them live much longer than most.  I respect them for their bravery, even though it was misguided.  I hope you will be sensible.  She said she’d stay with me.  All you need to do is say the word, and your father and Duke Raymond will go free.  It is really an easy choice, if you are smart.  You will stay here tonight.  In the morning, you can tell me what you have decided.
At his signal, he ordered the guards to escort them to their rooms.  Laura was led down a long hallway to the left and was shown into an elaborate bed chamber.  The guards took Jason and Mingo down a maze of hallways to a series of small rooms.  The door to one room was opened and Jason and Mingo were ushered inside.  The light was dim, but Jason could clearly see his father seated in one corner of the room while Raymond paced back and forth.
One of the guards spoke quickly to Mingo in Arabic before turning to leave.  Mingo’s face betrayed his emotions.  “We are going to be kept here tonight.  In the morning, the Sultan will hear your decision.  He will either free us all or kill them before the next day is over.  ‘Their fate is in your hands.’ Is what he just said,” Mingo related sadly.
Jason looked around in dismay at the small dark chamber that his father and Raymond had shared during the long months in captivity  He embraced his father again, not knowing if they would ever be together again.  As they sat in the dark chamber, the men talked of many things, but not once did they consider Laura’s offer to give her freedom in exchange for their own.
“If you get out of this safely, Jason,” Robert said, “you must do everything you can to protect your beautiful bride.  Never have I ever witnessed a nobler, braver, or more beautiful woman though I have travelled far and wide.  She is worth more than our tired old bodies.  We have lived long, full lives.  Don’t regret anything for us.”
Raymond added, “He’s right, Jason.  Even though I wish things could be different, she is too good to be given to him.”
All during the long afternoon and evening, a steady stream of guards moved past their room.  Dinner and wine were brought to them, and they ate fully, although not really hungry, but because they wanted all their strength for whatever the next day might bring.  That night as they lay on their beds, each man was lost in his own thoughts.  The two older knights, preparing to meet their death, were reviewing their lives and praying for forgiveness as they prepared to meet their God.
Jason tossed and turned in silent torment because he realized that Ayab was forcing him to choose between his love and loyalty for his father or his love for his young bride.  Neither way could he ever feel at peace again.  Jason did not want to lose either, but he knew it would fall upon him to make the final choice.
When he finally voiced his fears and torment, Raymond silenced him with a chilling thought.  “If Ayab has really decided he wants Laura, we may have no real choice about anything.  He is the absolute law here.  He could just as easily kill us all, keep the ransom and Laura, too.  No one could stop him.  We mean nothing to him.  Even now, as we are locked in here, he may have already stolen your treasure.  Only God can protect her from him.  We cannot do anything,” he stated with deep sorrow.
Jason uttered a muffled moan.  He had not thought of that.  In his mind he remembered his first night with Laura.  He put his hand across his mouth to keep from crying out at the thought of Ayab’s huge body taking hers.  He could remember her sweet innocent passion and the maddening beauty of her body.  All night long, he tossed and turned tormented by the thought of Ayab touching her.  He decided he would find a way to kill Ayab if Laura had been harmed in any way.  Jealousy raged in him like angry bull charging again and again until sleep finally captured him.
Chapter 16
Laura had only been in the elaborate bedchamber for a few minutes when a young women named Lila hurried in and began bustling around arranging cushions on a huge bed in one corner and then drew a warm bath for her.  With shy giggles and gestures, she helped her undress, unbraided her hair, and led her into the sunken tub.  The water was heavily scented with jasmine and bath oils.  After the long weeks on board the Sea Dog, Laura was happy to have a warm bath.  She sank down eagerly into the warm fragrant water.  She stretched luxuriously and soaked in the water as the woman gently scrubbed her body.  When she stepped out of the huge tub, Lila dried her with soft towels and dusted her body with a delicately scented white body powder.
Lila laid out a dress made of a shiny blue-green material that Laura did not recognize.  It was softer and more delicately made than anything she had ever seen.  It was wrapped around her and fastened at her breast line with a ruby and sapphire broach.  It clung to the full curves of her body and felt as soft as a caress against her skin.  Her hair hung down in shimmery, golden fullness around her face and shoulders.  Laura felt strange and uneasy with the sudden luxury and attention.  Never in her life had she felt so pampered or so surrounded by comfort.
After her bath, Lila led Laura out into a lush garden where many other women lounged around a pool of scented water.  Some were dressed in garments like she was wearing.  Others had on other strange and exotic costumes.  All were beautiful in their own way.  Most were dark haired, had olive colored skin, and dark flashing eyes.  Some had black skin and tightly curled hair. They looked at her as curiously as she was looking at them.  There were no other light skinned, blond women.  Most had never seen anyone with her coloring before.  Some stared at her with shy smiles while others looked at her with undisguised hostility. 
Laura felt frightened when she remembered Jason’s story about a Sultan having a harem.  “Are these women his wives?  Am I in his harem?” she asked herself with a blush.  “That would explain their anger.  They may think of me as competition for Ayab’s attention. Am I to be one of them.  My God,” Laura gasped, “Am I already one of his wives now?”
“My Lord told me to stay at your side while you are here.  If you need anything, are afraid,  or have questions, please ask me.  I am at your service,” Lila said timidly.  For the rest  of the afternoon, Lila and Laura wandered in the garden.  It was even larger and more beautiful than the ones at St. Valery.  Huge bushes covered with fragrant white blossoms filled the air with the same sweet aroma that had scented her bath water and powder.
Laura looked at the pretty young girl who walked beside her.  Lila smiled shyly at her and said, “My name is Lila.  What is your name
“I am called Laura.  I came here with Jason, my soon to be husband.  We have travelled from a distant land to ransom his father.  Ayab wanted the men do decide what to do.  If they are not released, many people in our land will suffer.  It is Jason’s only hope of regaining his birthright,” Laura explained.  “Your sultan wants me to stay here with him.  I have agreed to stay so Jason and his father may go free.  I cannot imagine life without Jason, but his happiness is my greatest desire.  Tell me about yourself and what it is like to live here in his castle.”
“I have lived here in the castle for nearly eight years.  I was about ten years old when my father placed me here.  I like it here, but sometimes I feel lonely.  The other women here say I shouldn’t be here with them.  They are My Lord’s wives, and I am just one of his serving girls.  I hope you stay here.  I would like to have a special friend here who is closer to my age.  Several of the older women were the wives of Sultan Omar, my Lord’s father. After his death, they were allowed to stay in the harem, but they are not called to his chamber.  I love the gardens, and I like helping in different parts of the castle.  My Lord says I do not have to do extra work, but I like being busy.  My favorite time is when I am allowed to be the one to serve him.  He has been so kind and nice to me,” she said.  “Forgive me for talking so much.  What else would you like to know?”
“You have answered several of my questions, Lila.  Thank you for being so friendly.  I feel nervous being here alone, not knowing what Jason and Robert are deciding.  They say they do not want to leave me here, but I will do anything I can to gain their release.  After talking to you, I am not as afraid of remaining here.  Thank you, my new friend.  Tell me more about your life here,” Laura encouraged.
“I will answer all you ask.  My Lord wants you to feel comfortable and safe here.  Let me show you some of my favorite things here in this garden.  There are several smaller gardens in other parts of the castle, but this is my favorite one,” she explained.
A tree covered with small, dark red fruit grew in one corner of the garden.  Lila picked up one of the fruit that had fallen to the ground.  She broke it open and pulled some small, red seeds from it.  Crushing them between her fingers, she spread the dark red juice on her lips.  She smiled at Laura and quickly applied some to Laura’s lips.  It had a sharp, sweet taste that was strange to her.  She smiled at Laura and led her over to the pool.  Laura looked down at her reflection and saw the redness of her lips.  She laughed at the change it made in her appearance.
A short distance farther along the path, a tall bush grew that had large bunches of long, yellow fruit.  Lila, the laughing girl, picked two of them.  She pulled the soft yellow skin away and handed Laura a small section of the white fruit.  Laura put the white piece in her mouth.  It was sweet and had an unfamiliar, but delicious taste.  She took the rest of the piece Lila handed her, pulled off the skin and ate it as they walked.
After wandering around the gardens, Lila led Laura back to her room.  She looked at the small windows high overhead.  The floor was covered with a soft carpet of green, white, and gold that blended in with the pale yellow walls.  Lila said, “I must go to get ready to serve dinner tonight.  Relax and take a nap  I will return in a  few hours to escort you to dinner.”
After Lila left, Laura sank down on a small intricately carved bench and sat quietly lost in thought.  She tried to sort out her feelings and fears.  She wondered where Jason had been taken and if she would ever see him again.  Tears filled her eyes as the thought that she would have to stay here forever, while he would sail out of her life.  In spite of all the beauty and luxury of her surroundings, Laura would have gladly traded it all for the feel of Jason’s arms around her in the small cabin on the Sea Dog.  The thought of Jason made her arms ache with the desire to hold him close again.  She covered her eyes with her hands and cried.  Exhausted, she stretched out across the soft cushions on the bed.  “Even the pillows are scented with the delicious smell of flowers,” she mused as she fell asleep.
Sometime later, Lila, the young girl with the laughing eyes, came and gently woke her.  She helped her get ready to go to eat dinner.  She straightened her clothes, applied more pomegranate juice on her lips, and brushed her hair.  She touched her arm and led her through a series of hallways into a brightly lit room.  Ayab was seated on a heap of pillows on the carpeted floor when she entered.  He rose, approached her, and bowed.  “Welcome,” he said in a soft, deep voice.  “Our Persian clothes set off your beauty,” he added with an appreciative look that sent color rushing into her cheeks. “Please be seated.  I hope Lila has entertained you this afternoon.  She is a very sweet girl who is special to me,” he said.
Lila blushed with pleasure at his words of praise.  “She has been a wonderful companion.  I have enjoyed being with her.  Your garden is very beautiful.  She showed me some wonderful plants and flowers I had never seen.  She showed me how she has such pretty red lips.  We don’t do that in the land where I live.  I think it is very pretty on her, don’t you?” Laura asked.
Ayab looked at Lila and smiled, “She is very lovely, and she makes me laugh.  The color on your lips also looks very pretty.  Lila, thank you for taking good care of Laura.  I am very pleased with you.  Will you go to the kitchen and tell them that we are ready for dinner to be served?”
“Yes, my Lord, I will tell them.  May I also help serve you tonight?” Lila asked.
Ayab smiled at her and answered, “You have done so much for me already today, but, if you want to, you may serve me yourself.”
“Thank you, my Lord, I will return soon,” she said as she rushed out of the room.
“It is almost time for dinner,” he said.  He lightly touched her arm and guided her to a stack of cushions on the floor.  He sat down and motioned for her to sit beside him.
Laura felt awkward standing before him, knowing his eyes were sweeping across her body.  She sank down into the soft support of the pillows.
“Where is Jason?” she asked in a shaky voice.
“He and the other men are fine.  He is dining with his father, Duke Raymond, and Mingo tonight.  They have much to discuss,” he said, and then added with a meaningful stare, “and to decide.”
Laura felt herself blushing again as she understood that he was referring to her fate.  Her hands trembled and she stared down at them.  He watched her closely, fascinated by the play of light on her face.  With a soft sigh, he clapped his hands.  “I thought they could think clearer without your beauty to distract them.  We shall spend the evening together while they make their decision.”
After he clapped, the procession of servants arrived bearing a dozen or more plates of food.  Each plate was of a different color and was decorated with delicate paintings and designs.  Laura exclaimed at the beauty of the dishes and the taste and variety of the food they contained.  Ayab ate with enthusiasm.  He kept offering dishes to Laura until she could eat no more.  While they ate, he asked her hundreds of questions about herself, her family, and all that Jason had mentioned earlier about her life at St. Valery.
Although Laura still felt uneasy, she found something in Ayab’s eyes that made her answer his questions.  It was not the evil look of Arnulfo’s eyes or the look of lust in Gerard’s eyes.  In an odd way, Laura felt she could trust this strange man seated beside her.  He really seemed interested in her and listened intently to all she told him.
When Ayab asked about Arnulfo’s cruelty, Laura hesitated.  After she explained what he had done, Ayab asked to see her feet.  Reluctantly, she removed her shoe and showed him the deformity the burning brand had caused.  Her eyes were filled with tears as she recalled the painful memory.  Ayab snorted his outrage at her treatment at Arnulfo’s hands.  Laura’s hands shook as she tried to retie the straps.  Ayab’s giant hand covered hers.  He took the tiny straps and tied them gently around her ankles. For a moment, his hand rested on her ankle.  Laura looked up into his eyes, deeply affected by the warm gentleness of his touch.  He gently reached up and wiped away a tear that was rolling down her cheek.
While they ate, the serving women gathered up the dishes and quietly removed them.  Later, Lila entered and served tiny glasses filled with a deep red liquid.  It reminded her of the taste of the juice on her lips.  She guessed it was the juice of the same fruit that she was drinking now.  It was very sweet and warmed her as she drank it.  Laura wondered if it was fermented.  Although she drank only a small amount, she began to feel warm and relaxed.  She talked freely with Ayab, her cheeks flushed and her blue-green eyes sparkling in the candlelight.  She was totally unaware of the intense affect her beauty and speech was having on him.
“Forgive my being so bold as to speak of this, Sultan, but I feel all these years my countrymen have been wrong to look upon you and your people as uncivilized savages.  After meeting you and seeing your beautiful home, we have so much to learn in my land compared to the splendor of your civilization and your accomplishments.  Your country is so much more advanced than ours is in many ways.  How sad! How tragic that our lands have warred for so long and have destroyed so much that is truly beautiful,” Laura murmured softly.
The Sultan’s eyes took in the full heady beauty of her face before glancing away, deeply moved by her words and her loveliness.  “You are the first Westerner who has ever seen my country and people clearly enough to say that.  You are indeed as intelligent and as sensitive as you are beautiful.  You represent all that is worthwhile in a woman,” he added huskily.  “No wonder they do not wish to part with you.”
At this reference to Jason and the decision, Laura paled and looked down quietly.  She felt uneasy and lonely again.
“How great is your love for Jason and his friends?  What are you really willing to do to save them?” Ayab asked, intently staring at her face and sea green eyes.
Laura blushed deeply before she looked up at him.  She stammered, “I meant all I said earlier.  I love Jason more than my life, more than anything.  I would do anything to protect him and to make his life happy and successful.  If he has to desert his father for my sake, he may someday come to regret that decision.  I could not stand to see the guilt and unhappiness in his eyes knowing he had been responsible for his father’s death.  I care for him and the safety of my friends more than my own happiness and life.”
“You said earlier that you would stay here with me, if I let them go unharmed.  Do you understand all that I meant when I asked for you to remain here with me?” he asked seriously, desire smoldering in his heart.
He could tell by the deep blush that spread up from her neck and shoulders and colored her face that she knew what he wanted from her, even before she nodded yes.
“Would you willingly submit to anything I asked of you?  Anything, Laura?” he repeated, taking her chin in his hand, lifting her face up and capturing her eyes with his.
Laura blinked her eyes rapidly and swallowed quickly before answering in a husky voice.  “If it will save their lives and set them free, yes.  I will do whatever you desire of me,” she sighed with a low moan of understanding.
“Tomorrow, I will let them go, if you stay here with me.  Are you sure you do this willingly?” he asked in a soft tender voice.
“Yes, I freely make this choice,” she whispered softly.  He leaned forward and gently kissed her trembling lips and gathered her tenderly into his arms.
“No more talk of this tonight,” Ayab said while pouring a small glass of the red juice and handing it to Laura.  “Drink this to seal the bargain,” he quietly commanded.  Laura took the tiny glass in her hand.  She turned it slowly between her fingers, staring at the deep red liquid inside before she raised it to her lips and slowly drank the juice which tasted oddly bitter as she swallowed it.
“How do you know I will really set them free?  I could keep you right now and kill them,” Ayab said, searching her face.
Laura looked up at him through half-lowered eyelids and answered simply, “I trust you.  You are too civilized, too honorable, to act like a westerner.  What you say, you mean.  You are not a liar,” she answered groggily.
As Laura sat there, her eyes felt heavier and heavier.  She struggled to keep her eyes open, but they kept fluttering and closing.  The room began spinning, and she found her arms and legs were too heavy to move.  Laura remembered feeling that way once before when Anne gave her a drink to ease the pain of her burned feet.  “Have I been drugged?” she thought as she fought to keep awake.  She felt huge, strong arms lifting her up as she lost consciousness.
Ayab looked down at the golden beauty that he held in his arms as he carried her towards her bedchamber.  Her face was flushed from the wine, and the deep redness of the pomegranate juice still lingered on her slightly parted lips.  Her tiny body rested lightly across his massive chest as he strode purposefully down the hall. Her honey colored hair fell softly across his shoulder, and he felt the soft warmth of her breath against his neck.  The scent of flowers lingered on her hair and skin, and their delicate smell filled him with deep longing.
“I’m sorry, my beauty, but, since you have agreed to stay with me, I could not wait for tomorrow night to taste the sweetness of your body.  You shall belong to me from tonight on.  I hated drugging you, but I am afraid I might hurt you if you were scared or nervous the first time I came into you.  I would never want to cause you pain, but because you are so small, I needed you to be totally relaxed when I first entered your sweet body.  Later, I will show you, in so many ways, how much I treasure you,” he whispered hoarsely against her forehead before he lowered his mouth to cover her parted lips.
He pushed her bedchamber door open, carried her to her bed, and laid her drugged body down on the soft cushions.  His eyes roved possessively over her, and he felt a sudden, overwhelming desire and longing that only possessing her body could satisfy.  He shut and bolted the door before quickly removing his clothes as he crossed to the bed where Laura lay helplessly floating between awareness and sleep.  The drug left her conscious enough to respond, but unable to resist. 
He sank down on the cushions beside her and gathered her body into his arms.  He bent down and kissed her fully, his tongue entering her mouth, and teasing her tongue to move in response.  She sighed and stirred in his arms.  The feel of her body moving against his naked flesh further enflamed his desire for her.  His hand unfastened the jeweled broach at her shoulder, and he pulled the soft cloth away to reveal the pure creamy whiteness of her full young breasts.  He gasped with delight at the purity of her soft, smooth skin.  His hand began to gently caress them while his eyes devoured their beauty.  With a sigh, he lowered his head and drew a nipple between his lips.  He teased it with his tongue and mouth, watching in delight as it grew hard and pointed, before hungrily claiming the round fullness of her breast.  His hand pulled the soft, clinging material away from the rest of her body, and he gazed in awed amazement at the perfection of her figure.  His hand roved over her body, touching it reverently, gently as if she were a delicate work of art.  He fought to control the deep smoldering fire of passion that was surging through him.  He wanted her more than anyone he had ever seen before, but he knew, with his huge size, he could hurt her if he moved too quickly.  He hated drugging her so she would be totally relaxed when he entered her body for the first time.  He vowed that he would use all his tender skills to bring total fulfillment to her before he would satisfy the burning desire her beauty and gentle sweetness had aroused in him.  Later, he would show her by his tender skill how much he prized her and loved her.
In the darkness of the room with only thin shafts of moonlight filtering through the windows high overhead, he watched the rise and fall of her stomach as she breathed.  Slowly his mouth continued to move down her body.  His lips tasted every inch of her deliciously sweet smelling body as the fragrance of the bath oils lingered on her skin.  His hands moved softly, possessively over her hips and caressing her bottom, until he gently pushed her legs apart.  He lowered his body carefully down on hers.  His hand probed lightly into the soft moistness of her maidenhood before he bent down and enjoyed the sweet taste of her woman’s body.  As his hands continued to caress her, stroking her softly, his tongue entered and eagerly  possessed the depths of her body.  Laura moaned and moved with desire and arousal.  She twisted in response to the intensity of his caresses.  She moaned softly at the urgent probing of his tongue and the warmth of his lips on her skin.  She writhed with a need to be possessed.
He raised his head and watched her aroused movements before moving up to kiss her mouth again.  He sank down on top of her, carefully protecting her from the full weight of his body.  Through her slightly parted lips, he claimed her mouth again.  As he was savoring the sweet agony of holding her close, feeling her bare skin setting  him on fire, before taking total possession of her, he realized that nothing less than her total surrender and love would be enough to fully satisfy the love and desire he felt burning inside him for this golden woman in his arms.
At the increased passion and strength of his kisses and caresses, she moaned and murmured huskily, “Oh, Jason…love ..me,” before she drifted out again.  Her body moved and arched against him.
He held her tightly pressed against his quivering body, knowing she was responding to his kisses and caresses, but in her heart and mind, she was making love to Jason.  “It will always be Jason she gives herself to, not really me,” he thought bitterly.  “No man will ever really possess her except Jason.  Her pure young heart is totally committed to him.  Even if I keep her here a hundred years, she would respond to my lovemaking, but Jason will still be in her heart.  How I long for her love, but she will never be totally mine.”
Holding her in his arms, he continued kissing and stroking her body, watching her write with desire.  He lay down on top of her and felt a cold, emptiness in spite of the fiery touch of her naked body against his.  As she arched her body against him, he lowered his mouth to hers and entered her with a slow gentleness.  Gradually he moved deeper and faster and finished what he had started with an explosion of passion that left them both flushed and breathless.
When, at length, he pulled his body away from hers with a deep sigh, he knew he would never be totally satisfied possessing just her body.  He looked down at her flushed face and realized that he had fallen in love with her sweet gentleness.  Without her love, possession was a hollow victory.  Although he had been physically satisfied more by her than any other woman, he was aware that merely possessing her was not enough without her also loving him.
Ayab got up and dressed in his clothes.  He shook his head sadly as he looked down at her sleeping on the bed. He fastened her dress around her body, gently covered her with a soft cloth, and kissed her once again before he slowly left her room.
Chapter 17
In the morning, Laura awoke with a dull ache in her head.  She tried to remember the previous night, but it was all a hazy memory.  Her last clear memory was of sitting with Ayab after dinner.  They had been talking about her promise to stay with him in exchange for the release of the others.  After that, she had just bits and pieces of memories.  No matter how hard she tried to remember, she could not decide if they were real or just snatched of dreams.  In a strangely exciting dream, she remembered making love to Jason.  The remembrance of how he had made her feel brought color to her cheeks.  She blushed as she recalled the depth of his passion and of the way her body had responded to his. 
“Was this real or just a vision to haunt me?  Is my mind playing tricks on me?  Is this how it will be from now on, dreaming of his touch at night and spending lonely days without him?” Laura asked herself sadly.  “If it wasn’t a dream from the past, what could it mean?” she wondered aloud, but only silence answered her question.
Suddenly she remembered passing out and being lifted up in strong arms.  Laura flushed scarlet at the idea that she might have been with Ayab.  Something in her made her feel a frantic need to know the truth.  “After today, it won’t make any difference, will it?” she asked herself with a resigned sigh.  “From today on, I will belong to him,” she murmured as she remembered her promise to stay willingly at Mansurah with Ayab in exchange for the release of Jason, Mingo, Robert, and Duke Raymond. 
Laura was still trying to clear her mind when Lila quietly entered the room.  Laura stood uncertainly by the bed as the young girl drew a warm bath for her.  With trembling fingers, she unwrapped the soft cloth from her body and lowered herself into the soothing, fragrant waters.  As she soaked there, her body relaxed, but her memory still remained in a confused, dreamlike state.
When she stepped from the sunken tub, soft towels were draped around her body.  “Is this how it will always be when I stay here?” she wondered.  She looked over and was surprised to see another girl entering with the clothes she had worn when she arrived at Mansurah.  They had been cleaned and smelled of jasmine blossoms.  Lila helped her dress in her familiar clothing.  She brushed Laura’s hair until it shone in the morning light.  Laura started to protest when Lila offered the red juice for her lips, but let her apply it without a word of protest.  “I might as well get used to his customs,” she decided.
While Lila was helping Laura get ready for the day, Laura asked her questions about life in the harem.  “Lila, are you one of Ayab’s wives?  I am not sure what it is like to be in a harem.  Are there many others?  Does Ayab see each one?  I don’t know what to say or how to act,” Laura shyly said.
Lila giggled.  “I am not an expert on the life in the harem.  I am not one of his wives, as you call them, although I long to be his wife.  I have only been called by Ayab to sing or dance or to talk with him.  He says he likes me because I make him laugh, and I love being near him.  I am looked down on by the older women of the harem, because he has not called on me to stay all night with him.  Some of the wives have lost favor with him, but some of them are not very nice.  He has always been kind and gentle with me.  I have come to love him, but he has not noticed me in the way he does the others.  Sometimes it makes me feel sad, because I want so much to please him.  All of us in the harem are treated kindly.  We have all we want to eat or drink.  I have never known a man, so I do not really understand all of what they do to please a man.  I keep hoping that one day, he will notice me.  I know I am not as beautiful as many of the others, but I hope one day he will notice me, and I will please him.  I am happy here, so I patiently wait for him to see me as a woman, and not as just a funny, young girl.  I know he cares about you, and I am happy to have met you.  I hope we will become good friends,” she said shyly.
Laura looked at her and smiled. “I would like to be friends with you.  You have made my time here pass by more quickly.  If he has not noticed your sweet and gentle beauty then I wonder if his eyesight is bad!  Of all the women I have seen here, you are the prettiest.  Your beauty shines through you like sunshine on a summer day.  I envy the joy and sparkle in your eyes.  Thank you for all you have done to help me feel welcome and safe,” Laura said before giving her a long hug.
After Laura was dressed, and her hair was braided, Lila led Laura down the series of hallways to the same rich chamber where she and Jason had first met Ayab.  The piles of goods they had brought as samples of what they would pay for ransom were still on the floor just as they had arranged them.
When Lila led her through the open the door, Laura felt suddenly shy and self-conscious.  Ayab stood up when they entered.  He smiled at them as they walked over to where he stood.  Lila blushed with pleasure when he spoke to her in her language.  She bowed low and giggled, before slowly backing out of the room.  Laura noticed Ayab smiled as he watched Lila leave.  He turned to Laura and gave her a gentle kiss.  He seemed to understand her shyness.  He motioned for her to sit down, and then he sat down beside her.  Laura wanted to ask what had happened during the night, but she was afraid to hear the answer.
“Did you sleep well, little one?” Ayab asked quietly.
“I .. I don’t know,” she stammered uncertainly.  “I had many strange dreams.”
“What did you dream, my little one?” he gently prodded, looking at her flushed face.
Laura colored hotly and looked down.  She mumbled softly, “I don’t remember exactly, but Jason was there with me.”
He looked intently at her, his eyes taking in her beauty and gentle sweetness.   “It must have been a dream.  Jason was with his father all last night, and you were in your own bedchamber,” he answered gently.
Laura felt a deep sense of relief to hear she had been in her own room, although she knew it would not be important to her after today.  Soon the threat and dream of Ayab’s touch would become a reality.  Today, she remembered, was that day 
Ayab was going to release the men and send them on their way home.  From today on she would belong to Ayab, and Jason would no longer be in her life.  Her eyes clouded over, and she blinked back her tears as she realized this would also be the last day she would ever see Jason.  She felt a tight band across her chest, knowing it was the thought of living without Jason that gripped her so fiercely.   She fought to control her emotions.  “I won’t cry until they are gone,” she vowed silently. “I must keep from crying.  It will only make it harder on everyone if I act sad or cry.”
Ayab’s voice broke into her thoughts.  “Are you ready to keep your promise to me?” he asked seriously.
Laura trembled and answered, “Yes, my lord, I am ready.  I will stay here and do all that you ask of me.”  Ayab noticed her trembling and frowned darkly.
He clapped his hands and told the guards to fetch all four prisoners.  Ayab sat quietly looking at Laura’s face as they waited for the arrival of the men. When Jason entered, Laura smiled at him, then dropped her gaze not wanting him to see the pain she was feeling.
When Jason entered and saw Laura, his face grew pale and he stared anxiously at her, alarmed when she looked away from him.  “Are you all right, Laura?” he asked with a catch in his voice.
Laura looked up with a fleeting smile and answered, “I’m fine, Jason.  I am happy to see you all again.”  Jason stared at her, and she blushed under his inquiring eyes.
“Sit down,” Ayab ordered.  When everyone was seated, he called for the food to be served. A huge feast of fruits, meats, eggs, cheeses, and breads was offered to all.  Nothing of importance was discussed while they ate.  Each person seemed lost in their own thoughts.  Jason kept searching Laura’s face for any sign that she had been injured.
When Lila brought in and handed a tiny glass filled with red liquid to Laura, she looked at Ayab  and felt her face coloring.  Ayab smiled and nodded, and Laura quickly looked away.  Jason saw this exchange with jealous, suspicious eyes.
Laura looked up at Jason and gave him a wistful smile.  She glanced again at the liquid in the glass for a second before she lifted it to her lips.  Slowly, she drank it and put the glass down.
After everyone had eaten, Ayab turned to face Jason and the other men.  Although Mingo was not directly involved in the decision, he sat near the others.
“What have you men decided?  Will it be death in my prison or freedom and life at home?” Ayab asked with a stern voice.
“We have not changed our minds since yesterday.  We are all agreed.  We will never willingly give Laura to you.  We will not let her sacrifice herself to save us.  Although we would prefer life and freedom, we choose death rather than see her hurt,” Jason answered fiercely.  The others nodded in agreement.
“Still foolishly choosing your own death?” Ayab laughed.  “Why do you not agree and save your lives?” He added callously, “She is just one woman in a world filled with many.  Here she is the only one of her kind, but surely you can find another like her in your lands.”
Robert caught Jason’s arm and held him down to keep him from springing at Ayab’s throat.  Ayab watched the exchange and laughed mirthlessly.
“What have you decided, Laura?” he asked, turning to watch her face.
“I have not changed my mind either.  I will stay here with you if you let them leave safely in the Sea Dog.  Their lives and the lives of all who depend on them at home are more important than mine,” Laura answered in a firm, determined tone.
“I’ll die before I leave you here, Laura.  I won’t let you take her from me,” Jason recklessly shouted and jumped to his feet.  “We would never just leave her and sail away.  We will return and fight you any way we can until we gain her freedom or until we are dead.”
“Jason is right, Ayab,” Raymond added quietly.  “I realize now that the Crusades are stupid, senseless battles and are not worth anyone’s death, but Laura’s honor and her happiness are cause enough for us to all give our lives.”
Ayab laughed a deep booming laugh that shocked the men into silence.  “Sit down,” he ordered them, “or I shall call my guards to force you to obey me or die.  You speak bravely, but foolishly.  You have no chance of defeating me and my forces.”
Once they were all seated, Ayab turned to look deeply at Laura, a strange expression crossing his face as he looked at her face.  Laura looked at him and returned his look. Sadly, he looked away, struggling for words to say.
“I never thought in my lifetime that I would ever live to find five totally unselfish and brave Westerners!  I am truly amazed,” Ayab thundered.  “Now you men are behaving like Saracens,” he added with a laugh.  “We fight like tigers for what we treasure and refuse to accept defeat!  You men all choose death rather than sacrifice her.  She chooses to purchase your freedom with hers.  You may all be fools, but you are very brave, and I salute you!” he exclaimed, raising his glass to them.
Carefully choosing his words, Ayab continued.  “Yesterday I fully intended to stick to my demands, and I waited and wanted to see you back down and take the easy way out.  You surprised me!  Not one of you wavered.  Today I have changed my mind.  You may well wonder what miracle happened in the night that so softened my resolve and anger that I have decided to let all of you leave, but I cannot explain.  I don’t fully understand even now why I have relented.  All I can say is that I have decided to let you go.  I will demand no further ransom than what you offered yesterday.”
Turning to Laura, he added gently,  “Some people may think me an uncivilized savage, but I will not hold you to promises that would destroy your happiness.  You should stay with the one you love and be happy, but I will always remember the purity and bravery of your pledge.  It is so hard for me to let one as beautiful, brave, and good as you go.  Little one, you are a rare and precious jewel.  There is no other like you in all the world that I have seen or known!”
The others sat in stunned silence, watching the powerful Sultan giving homage and praise to Laura.  They were amazed by his words and actions, although each of them agreed with his thoughts.  Laura looked up at him with a puzzled smile.  As tears slowly escaped and slid down her cheeks, Ayab reached out his massive hand and wiped them gently away.  With a sigh, he turned to the men and said, “Another drink, my friends,” he offered to the stunned group around him, “before we plan your departure.”
Raymond, recovering his speech first, spoke with a voice choked with emotion.  “May God bless your mercy and generosity, Ayab.  May both of our Gods keep you in peace and good health.  We vow to never fight against you or your countrymen again.  Although you do not ask it, if I am successful at home, I will send you five bags of gold coins.  I have no words strong enough to express the joy we are feeling.”
While the others were extending their hands in gratitude and happiness, Laura stared at Ayab’s face, disturbed by the confused feelings his words had created in her heart.  She wanted with all her heart to leave with Jason, but she was dismayed to imagine what had happened during the night that had changed Ayab so much.  Laura knew the thought would always trouble her.  
Over the noisy celebration, Laura found herself staring at Ayab, trying to read the truth in his face.  Often, as they sat there, Laura felt tears welling up in her eyes, although she wasn’t really sure why she wanted to cry.
After discussing how the ransom exchange would take place, it was decided that the two older men would be free to leave the following afternoon when the ransom was completely delivered as promised.  Jason and Mingo would return to the Sea Dog that morning to arrange for the delivery of the rest of the goods to them the next day at noon.  Robert and Raymond would remain until the ransom had been delivered and inspected by Ayab.
When Jason and Mingo rose to leave, Jason reached down for Laura’s hand to lift her to her feet.  Ayab spoke softly, but firmly, “Laura will stay here until all is ready for you to sail.  She will be quite safe and comfortable here.  My gardens and castle are at her disposal.  She will be my guest today to insure that you will return as promised.”
Jason protested, but Laura gently chided him, “Jason, please remember the deep debt of gratitude we have for Sultan Ayab’s generosity.  He did not have to release any of us!  I enjoyed visiting in his gardens yesterday with Lila.  She will keep me company again.  There is nothing that I could do to help you get things ready on the ship.  When you are ready to sail, I will leave with you,” Laura added with a happy laugh.  When Jason hesitated, Laura smiled and added, “I will be there.  Sultan Ayab has promised it, and I believe him.  He is an honest and an honorable man.  Put your faith in God, Jason, and learn to trust.”
Not wanting to offend Ayab, Jason stared at Laura searching her face for any sign of change in her feelings, but he finally gave in.  “All right, Laura, but I will be back for you tomorrow.”
After Jason and Mingo left, Ayab talked at length with Robert and Raymond.  Although they had fought against one another and had been kept as his prisoners, it was obvious they had a lot of respect for each other as soldiers and as men.  They recalled tales of battles fought, campaigns waged, and plans for their futures when they arrived back at their home lands.  It was still early in the afternoon when Ayab sent the  two weary knights back to their rooms, soon to be free men at last, to rest and get cleaned up for their long journey home.  He sent servants to deliver clean sets of clothes for their departure along with their meager personal belongings.
After the old knights left, Ayab sat silently watching Laura’s face.  She was aware of his attention, but waited uncertainly for him to speak.  “Are you happy now, Laura?” he finally asked.
She looked up at him with tears in her eyes and answered huskily, “How could I feel anything but joy at your letting us all go free?”
“Do you want anything else, little one?” he asked tenderly.  “Name whatever you desire.”
Laura blushed, but replied, “I ask for nothing more.  You are setting us free.  That is more than I dreamed possible.”
Chapter 18
“Would you care to see the rest of my castle?  I have many beautiful treasures here, although none is as remarkable or as lovely as you.  Let me show you the beauty of my home,” Ayab offered with a low bow.
Laura smiled up at him like an excited child being invited to go to the fair.  Laura eagerly answered, “Oh, yes. I’d love to see more of your beautiful home.”
Ayab reached down, took her hand and gently pulled her up to her feet.  He lightly held her arm as he led her down a series of long hallways. Hanging on the walls along each side were huge colorful tapestries.  Ayab stopped frequently and explained the scenes, telling her incredible and delightful stories of his country and its history.  Men in flowing white robes galloped on sleek horses across vast sand dunes.  Women in flowing gowns of brightly colored materials lounged in lush, exotic gardens.  Long caravans of camels wandered past oasis of swaying palm trees and clusters of tents rising out of the while desert sands.  “I wish I had the time to show you the amazing places and peoples in my land.  There is so much I would love to show you, because I believe you are wise enough to recognize their beauty and worth.  I hope, at least, these will give you a glimpse of what my land and people are like.”
Laura laughed and replied, “If they are even half as wonderful as these tapestries and your words describe, they would be marvelous to behold.  Thank you for sharing them with me.  You have brought them alive through your eyes.  They are as amazing and as exciting as you are, Ayab.”
Ayab smiled at her words.  “Come, little one, there is much more to share with you, and we have so little time before you will leave,” he added sadly.  As they walked along the hallways, Laura felt awed by the immense size of Ayab’s castle and by the beauty and richness of all the rooms.  The floors were covered with smooth, shining square tiles of bright blues, whites, and gold.  Ornately carved wooden furniture, piled high with cushions of many colors and shapes, was scattered throughout the many chambers along the hallways.
Vases of oriental design in most of the chambers were filled with bouquets of fragrant flowers.  The rooms were laid out in a series of interlocking squares, each room opening out into a small central garden.  The scent of blossoms hung in the air like a perfume.
As they approached one doorway, Ayab laughed with a deep musical sound as he paused at its door.  “This is my favorite room where my most precious treasures are hidden.  I’ve spent countless hours of pleasure inside these walls.  No visitors have ever been allowed inside, but I feel you alone would appreciate the beauty and priceless worth of what I keep hidden inside for my eyes only.”
Laura hesitated a moment, blushing deeply as she thought they were about to enter his harem.  Ayab pushed the door open so Laura could enter.  The room was smaller than many of the other rooms he had already shown her.  An ornately carved table dominated one end of the room.  A large divan filled with the usual heap of cushions sat beside the table.  Although the table was beautifully carved and a large multicolored tapestry hung on another room, Laura could not see what treasures were to be found here.
Ayab walked over and pulled back a large curtain, allowing shafts of sunlight to spill into the room.  Laura looked around again and gasped with surprise.  Together they walked over to a small shelf hanging on the wall beside the table.
“Books!” Laura cried in an excited voice.  “I’ve never seen so many books in my entire life!” she exclaimed.  “My father gave me a book once, a little prayer book, all for me, just before he left for the Crusades.  I loved it so much, but it was left behind at St. Valery, by mistake, when Jason stole me away.  It was so precious to me, and brought me such comfort when I felt sad or lonely,” Laura added with a sad, wistful voice.
Ayab pulled one volume after another down from the shelf and spread them out on the table in front of Laura.  He carefully opened one to show her the rich detail of the lettering and the ornate illustrations that flowed down the margins.  It was a book filled with stories of the history of Persia and was stuffed with exotic scenes Laura could barely believe really existed.  Ayab smiled at her enthusiasm and happily shared many pages with her.  She reverently reached out and touched the pages as he spoke.
“It is so beautiful and exciting,” she exclaimed with a bright smile up at Ayab.  He laughed in return at her youthful, unashamed enthusiasm.  He was deeply touched by her beauty and thrilled by her appreciation and sensitivity.
One by one, Ayab shared with her the beauty and wisdom stored in his books. Laura listened to him, her eyes wide with wonder and excitement.  She had received more schooling than most girls, even more schooling than many young noblemen, because her father loved her and understood she thirsted for knowledge.  She had learned to read very well and knew enough Latin and Greek to be able to pick out many words on some of the pages.  As she read, he helped her with words she did not know, but she looked up with a joyous expression when she managed to read a page all by herself.  Ayab laughed at her excitement and felt his heart swell with love and admiration for the beauty sitting beside him.  They sat close together on the divan for a long time, pouring over the volumes spread out before them. 
Ayab watched Laura as she studied one of the books.  He longed to reach out and take her in his arms and kiss her, but he held back, not wanting to destroy the precious beauty of the time they were sharing.  Her hair, catching the rays of the late afternoon sun, seemed to glow like pure gold.  Her eyes were wide with wonder.  When she looked up one time at Ayab to exclaim with delight, he felt trapped in the blue-green depths of her eyes.  He stared hungrily into them, longing to see love and caring reflected in their depths.  He sighed sadly as he thought about her leaving, but he forced his mind back to the time they had left to share.
As the sun passed slowly overhead, the room began to darken.  Carefully, as though handling a delicate flower, Laura and Ayab closed each book and reluctantly put them back on the shelf.
“Well, my little one,” Ayab said tenderly, smiling down at her upturned face, “I was not wrong.  You are indeed wise enough to recognize real treasure.  Which ones did you like the best?”
Laura thought for a long moment, lightly fingering the backs of the books, before finally speaking.  “They are all so wonderful,” she enthused, “but I think I liked the ones about your country the best.  Because of knowing you and hearing you share the stories about your land, it was the most fascinating.  What a wonderful and exciting country you control.  There are so many beautiful and amazing things pictured in that book that it takes my breath away,” she exclaimed with a shiver of excitement.
Laura paused, suddenly timid, as she realized how fervently she had talked of him and his land.  Ayab smiled broadly and laughed softly.  “My dearest Laura,” he answered in a voice that melted into a caress, “How wonderful it has been to share this time with you.  I only regret that our time together will be so short.  It would have been heaven to show all the wonders of my land to you.  You are sensitive and wise enough to see beauty and goodness even when it is hidden behind a different skin color, strange clothes, or is found in unusual places.  How I wish with all my heart that you loved me and were staying here with me always,” he murmured in a voice husky with emotion.
Laura blushed at the urgency of his desire and at the depth of his praise.  She looked down self-consciously for a minute in silence.  When she finally looked up at him, there were tears in her eyes.
Ayab tenderly pulled her into the safety of his arms and kissed her forehead with incredible gentleness.  “Laura, sweet, beautiful Laura,” he sighed softly, “I didn’t mean to upset you.  Although I long to keep you here with me forever, I will let you go with Jason.  I promised that to you already.  You have given your love to Jason, and no matter how much I want you, I will let you leave.  I shall miss your sweet, gentle ways and the beauty of your face more than I can ever explain.   When you leave, the sunshine itself will remind me of you.  If you loved me, I would never let you go away, but I could not be happy keeping you here when your heart is elsewhere.  I have never felt this much love and desire for any woman before.  If I could I would gladly spend the rest of my life loving you and making you happy, but I know it cannot be.  Tomorrow you will leave, and I’ll never see you or hear your voice again,” he whispered with deep despair in his voice.  He kissed her tenderly on the forehead.
Laura rested her head on his broad chest, emotions surging within her heart.  She longed to comfort him, to give joy and peace to him, but she didn’t know what to say or do.  Instead of speaking, she just put her arms around him and held him close.  The room grew dark as they sat there in each other’s arms.
Ayab felt tender protectiveness in his heart struggling against the deep desire and longing that her closeness was arousing in his body.  With a deep sigh, he loosened his embrace and pulled her to stand up.  He bent down and kissed her upturned lips.
“Come, Laura,” he said huskily.  “It’s time for dinner.  We must leave now, or I cannot guarantee what will happen.”
Laura looked up into his face and understood the strain he was under trying to keep his emotions in check.  His jaw was firmly set, but there were tears in his eyes.
“Yes,” she answered in a low voice, “we’d better go back now.  Thank you again, Ayab, for sharing the beauty of your home and your books with me.  No one in my land, not the richest duke or even the king himself, has as much wealth or goodness of heart as you have.  You are so kind and gentle with me.  I will never forget a moment of the times we have shared.  I will treasure these memories all my life.”  She raised up on her tiptoes and gently kissed his cheek.
Together in silence, they left the library and walked back along the quiet hallways.  Laura noticed back out of sight in the shadows, guards were stationed. They silently saluted him as he walked by.
Soon after they returned to Ayab’s dining room, veiled women began bringing in trays of fruits, nuts, breads and meats.  All during the meal, Ayab talked of the wonders of his land.  Laura, often so absorbed in his stories, nearly forgot to eat.  She sat spellbound beside him.  She stared up at his dark face and was amazed to notice how strikingly handsome and exciting he appeared as the talked about his country.  His eyes sparkled and his face was alive with joy as he spoke of his land and people.  Laura blushed lightly at the thought of her finding him so attractive, and she looked away guiltily.
Ayab, alert to her sudden change, asked, “What’s wrong, Laura?  Did I say something to offend or upset you?”
Laura looked up quickly.  “No, Ayab, nothing is wrong.  Really.  I guess it is just the excitement of being here with you and the wonderful things you’ve shown me and the fascinating stories you tell.  It is overwhelming to my senses,” Laura answered with a guilty blush at telling only half the truth about what she found so exciting and attractive.  
After the meal was served, a silent woman brought in small glasses containing a red liquid.  Laura looked silently at the small glass in her hand.  Ayab, noticing her expression, softly said, “Don’t worry, little one,” as he traded glasses with her.  “It is only wine tonight,” he added with a soft laugh.
They each drank the sweet wine and sat silently enjoying the quiet of the evening.  “Would you care to walk in the garden?  It is cool and quiet there,” he asked hesitantly.
“Oh, yes,” she sighed.  “It is so beautiful there.  I always enjoyed the gardens at home.  I think that is what I have missed the most while I was on Jason’s ship.  Your gardens are much prettier and much bigger than ours ever were.  Will you walk with me?” she asked shyly.
“If you want my company, I would love to walk with you, anywhere.  I was afraid you might be tired of my company by now, but I am very pleased that you asked me.  I hate the thought of tomorrow and of not being able to walk beside you or hear your voice or look at your beauty,” he sighed sadly.
Taking her arm, he steered her past the maze of doorways.  He opened a door, and they walked into a darkened room.  Laura noticed with a shock that it was her bed chamber  Ayab, noticing her hesitation, spoke in a soft, gentle voice, “Don’t be afraid, Laura.  I didn’t trick you.  We are just passing through here to the garden.  I put you in this room, because, of all my gardens, I like this one the best.  Laura, I love you very much,” he added.  “Now that I realize how much I love you, I would never take advantage of your weakness.  You are safe with me, my little one,” he whispered,  “I would never hurt you.”
Laura looked up into his face and smiled, knowing he would keep his promises.  Passing through her bedroom, they walked out into the garden.  All the other women were gone.  The garden was deserted as they walked along its many pathways.
Ayab held Laura’s tiny hand in his massive one.  A gentle breeze, soft and warm as a caress, rustled through the leaves and flowers.  It hung in the air like a heavy perfume.  Laura breathed deeply filling her body and soul with the haunting scent.  For a long time, they wandered along in silence.  The moon came up full and bright, casting a soft silvery glow over the scene.  Its shape was reflected in the still waters of the pool.  Laura drew her breath in slowly again savoring the fragrance of the flowers.  Her eyes gazed at the beauty of the moonlight on the water.  She sighed happily, feeling totally at peace with her surroundings.  Ayab stood close to her side, drinking in the beauty of the moonlight shimmering on her face and hair.
“You are very quiet tonight, Laura.  Are you feeling well?” he asked softly.
Laura glanced over at him, a fleeting expression of sadness crossing her features like a storm cloud blown across a winter’s sky.  Finally, in her youthful innocence, she turned to him and looked up into his face.  “I’m feeling fine,” she said slowly, “but how can I ever thank you enough for giving us our freedom?  Ayab, my heart is so filled with joy because of your generosity.”
He reached out and touched her cheek lightly.  “If you are so happy, my little one, why are your eyes so sad and troubled?” he pressed gently.
She hesitated uncertainly, blushing becomingly.  “I would like to know....  I must know, for my own peace of mind. Oh, Ayab, please tell me what happened last night that made you change your mind.  I had such strange feelings.  Please, help me know what was real and what was only a dream,” she begged, her eyes searching his face.
Tenderly, he pulled her into the safety and warmth of his arms and moaned softly.  She offered no resistance as he bent down and kissed her fully on the lips.  Without a word, he lifted her up into his arms and carried her back to her room.  Putting her down, he drew her body against him in a long embrace.
“You make it so hard for me to let you go,” he whispered brokenly against her forehead.  “You are so much a woman, so beautiful, so desirable.”
Laura blushed and hid her glowing cheeks against his chest.  “What happened last night after dinner?” she repeated softly.
He looked into her eyes and read the fear and worry burning there.  He spoke gently, “Since you want to know, this is what happened.  I’m sure from the way you acted at lunch and again at dinner tonight, you realized your last drink was drugged.  I carried you here last night fully intending to make love to you.  I held you and kissed you as I did only minutes ago, and I hungered deeply for your love, as I do right now.  Even in your drugged state, you were true to Jason.  You did nothing to me last night.  I came to conquer you, but you captured me instead with you sweet, innocent beauty.  I tried to possess you, but I ended up giving my heart to you instead.”
“You say I did nothing to you, but, in my dreams, I… I..,” her voice trailed off in embarrassment.
“Laura, I wanted you then as much as I hunger for you now,” he added with a soft, warm kiss on her forehead, “but you had love only for Jason.  In your heart and in your mind, you were totally faithful to your husband.”  Ayab swore solemnly, “If I could have any treasure in this world, Laura, it would be to have your sweet love.  Jason is a lucky man.  He’ll never know how much I envy what he has.”
Laura looked up at Ayab, her eyes filled with tears of understanding.  Confused by the feeling sweeping over her, Laura hid her face against his broad chest and held him close until her inner conflict ended.  Laura finally spoke with a voice thick with emotion.  “Thank you, Ayab, for your honesty.  I truly do love Jason, but I will always carry your memory in my heart.  I understand now what really happened between us last night.  I thought it was Jason who kissed me and caressed me with such amazing passion, but it was really you.  It was you who tenderly made love to me.  Even now, out of love for me, you tried to give me peace of mind.  I will never forget last night or how you made me feel.  You will always live in my memory and in my heart,” Laura vowed.
“And I will never forget anything about you.  I only wish we had met long ago, before Jason won your heart.  To have you make love to me, really to me, would be the sweetest reward and joy in the world,” he sighed with a voice filled with love and longing.
Laura looked deeply into his eyes, parted her lips, pulled his mouth down to hers, and surrendered herself to him completely.  With innocent sweetness, she returned his caresses and kisses.  Afterwards, lying in bed with him, she rested her face on his chest and clung to him.
“Ayab, as you have given me their freedom and my dream of happiness, I have given to you what you could not fully take last night by force or trickery.  I gave myself to you, totally to you, with deep love in my heart for you, and I will never feel ashamed or regret the times we’ve been together.  My dearest Ayab, I will always remember you with love,” she whispered, kissing him tenderly.
Ayab held her close to him during the long hours of the night and spoke many words of love.  “If you are ever in danger and need my help, come to me, and I will protect you and love you,” he whispered with a heart overflowing with love.  Ayab knew after she left, he would never have a night of deeper or more satisfying love again.  During the night, he gently taught her the secret ways to use her hands and mouth to arouse and satisfy a man’s desires.  With trembling hands and warm blushes, she mastered each lesson so well he moaned with pleasure and lay back exhausted and totally satisfied.
In the morning, he carried her into the fragrant, warm waters of the sunken tub.  Surrounded by the gentle warmth of the waters, he caressed her body and kissed her with renewed passion until she moaned with desire.  He entered her body with a deep kiss and satisfied all their desires one last time. She clung to him and kissed him completely overcome by the masterful touch of his hands and mouth on her body.
“Soon, too soon, you will sail out of my life, out of my world, but you will always live in my heart, my love, and in my dreams,” he murmured passionately as he dried her body and kissed her tenderly.
“I shall treasure the memory of you, my dear Ayab, and your tender love and deep passion in my heart until I die.  I have never known anyone like you before.  You have touched me in ways I shall never forget,” she said blushing scarlet at the admission.  “May peace, health, love, and happiness be with you always, my lover.  If I did not already love Jason, I would gladly stay here with you,” Laura moaned as they kissed again.
Chapter 19
Ayab left her to go to his chamber to put on fresh clothes.  About an hour later, he returned to her chamber.  He looked at her with love and longing and kissed her deeply.
“Ayab, my lord, may I speak to you about something that is in my heart?” Laura asked.
“Little one, you may speak to me of anything.  What is on your mind?” Ayab asked.
“I am not sure how to say this, but I have been thinking about some things you said to me.  When we were looking at the books together, you said sharing them with me helped you see them like new treasures.  I know you always treasured them, but I think I understood.  Sometime when we are around something beautiful, we begin to take it for granted and not realize how special it really is.  Is that what you meant?” Laura asked.
“That is what I said, and I believe you understood what I meant.  Seeing your reaction to the stories and illustrations let me glimpse them again with a fresh vision.  That did make them more precious to me,” he answered.
“You also said that what you longed for was to have someone who loved you and would give all her love to you.  I know that is what I wanted and what I found in Jason.  I think that is what most people want in their life.  Is that what you meant?” she asked again.
“Of course, I wished that I could have your love, and be totally loved in return.  I do believe that desire is in most people, if they were completely honest,” he said.
“Another time, you said I was wise enough to look beyond a person’s skin color or clothing or physical appearance and see the beauty and special quality inside.  It is not the outside appearance that is most important in a friend-and, I believe, even more important in a loving relationship.  Did I understand you correctly?” she asked again with a shy smile.
“Yes, my beautiful one, I do agree.  The inner qualities are more important, because time and age changes the physical, but the sweet, loving, inner qualities can endure for a lifetime.  Understanding that, I do believe you are wise beyond your years,” he replied with a smile.  “Why are you asking about these things?”
“Ayab, I know you are a wise and a sensitive man, but I fear there is one treasure in your home that you need to look at with fresh eyes.  It is so close and so familiar, I fear you do not recognize the beautiful treasure you have here,” Laura added.
“What treasure are you talking about?  If I have overlooked it or not appreciated its worth, please tell me what it is,” Ayab urged her to continue.
“When was the last time you really looked with ‘fresh, new’ eyes at Lila, the beautiful young woman who befriended and guided me?  She reminds me so much of myself when I was her age.  Although we do not look alike physically, she is very much like me in many ways.  She is a treasure that you do not totally see.  She told me she came to live in your harem as a very young girl.  From the way you talked to her and treated her, I think you still see her as a young girl who amuses you and makes you laugh”
“There is more to how she came to be in my castle, but she was only ten when she came here alone to live.  She is indeed very special to me.  Her father was my devoted teacher, my closest friend, and my trusted advisor.  I admired, respected, and loved him.  I promised him that I would protect and care for her when he could no longer watch over her.  I had her come to live in my harem because I knew she would be safest there.  I have watched her grow and change over the years.  Having her near me makes me feel happy,” he admitted with a smile.  “But, why are you telling this to me?”
“I was older than Lila when I was sent to live at St. Valery, long before Arnulfo hurt me and tried to kill Jason, I was alone and knew no one.  I was sad and lonely.  I had noticed Jason as a friend, my best friend.  It was after he was gone that I realized the feelings I had for him were different.  I had been near him for many months, but I didn’t realize my feelings had changed.  I remember wishing that he would notice me, and how sad I felt when he was busy and did not spend time with me.  It happened so gradually that I didn’t understand what was happening.  I had never had a close male friend before, but I realized, after he was gone, that what I felt was love.  I see and hear that same feeling and longing in Lila when she talks about you.  When I thought I would be staying here, she told me a little about life in the harem.  She is so precious, honest, and caring, and she made me feel safe and welcome.  You see her still as a child, but she has a woman’s love and longing to be noticed by you, Ayab.  Look carefully at her and see the beautiful woman she has become, both inwardly and outwardly, too,” Laura paused.
“Are you sure this is what she feels?” Ayab asked quietly.
“Yes, she told me that she keeps hoping you will notice her and call her to be with you.  I am not sure she understands exactly what that means, but she is already deeply in love with you.  Some of the other women belittle her and make fun of her because you don’t summon her to your chamber, except to talk.  If you would treat her with the same gentle tenderness that you showered on me, she would blossom and become the one who would love you totally and would happily share her love and life with you,” Laura added.  “She is very much in love with you.  She would do anything to please you, and she asks and desires nothing but your love and attention.”
“I had no idea that she felt that way.  I know whatever errand or service I ask her to do, she does quickly and eagerly. You may be correct that I have not looked at her as a grown woman.  I worry that I am too big and too much older than she is,” he added.
“If you stood us side by side, you would see that she is almost the same size as I am, and she is only a little younger.  You, with your great skill and consideration, would be the perfect man to show her the ways of love.  Once she learns what you like, she would give all of herself to you and would find joy in making you happy.  She has been practicing a dance for you, hoping you would call for her to amuse you.  I am only telling this to you because I want you to find the one special love you long for.  I care very deeply about you, and I do not want you to be sad when I am gone,” Laura added as she put her arms around him and kissed him..
“My sweet Laura, how loving and kind you are!  No one could replace you.  I will never forget when West met East, and I gave my heart to you.  I hate saying goodbye when what I long to do is keep you here with me, but I love you enough to release you to go back to live with your true love.  Come, my little one, let me hold you and kiss you for one last time before you leave,” he sighed.  He pulled her into his arms and captured her mouth in one long, lingering kiss.
He opened the door and led her once again to the room where they had first met.  The samples of the ransom that they had brought still lay on the floor in front of the cushions.  He motioned for Laura to sit down, then he knelt beside her.
“What are jewels worth when compared to the beauty and value of your love and goodness?” he asked softly.  He reached over to the pile of jewelry and retrieved the necklace that had belonged to her mother.  He gently fastened it around her neck.  For a moment his hand lingered lightly touching her neck.  After a few seconds, it was gone for the last time.
With a deep sigh, he clapped his hands and ordered the guards to bring Robert and Duke Raymond.  Neither Ayab or Laura spoke as they waited.  Everything had already been said between them.  East had truly met West and neither of them would ever be the same again.
Shortly after Robert and Raymond entered, Jason and Mingo were ushered in.  Ayab’s guards carried in load after load of the Sea Dog’s cargo.  Ayab looked it over indifferently and nodded.  “It is enough,” he said simply.  He clapped his hands again and his servants carried in ten bags loaded with unknown items.  He laid them down in front of Laura.
Addressing all of them, he said his goodbyes.  “Each of you offered and would have given what you held most dear for the sake of another, even your own lives.  You all gave unselfishly,” he said with admiration.  He continued, “Knowing each of you has changed my heart and way of thinking.  I realize now that there are honorable, brave, and loyal people on both sides of these wars.” Looking into Laura’s eyes, he continued, “In purity and love, Laura, you offered all that you had.  I present these gifts to you as a token of my esteem and admiration.  Take these things, little one, as your marriage dowry.  May your life and marriage be filled with love and may you all be happy and successful!” Ayab announced.  Although he had spoken to all of them, Laura knew his words were meant especially for her.  She cherished them in her heart.  Tears filled her eyes as she smiled her thanks with strong emotions filling her heart.  She stammered her thanks and blushed shyly, her eyes saying all that her voice could not say in front of the others.
The servants carried the bags out to the waiting horses.  Robert and Raymond each shook Ayab’s hand, then embraced him as a token of brotherhood and affection, and pledged that no war would ever come between them again.  They turned and mounted the horses that were being held for them.
Jason, his arm protectively around Laura, added his words of thanks to Ayab, and bowed low before him.
“Jason,” Ayab said, “treasure this jewel of a woman.  She is truly worth more than all the riches in the world.  You are a very fortunate man.  She loves you very much.”
Laura curtsied low before him.  Rising, she looked up at his face.  Her eyes were damp with tears, and he struggled to control his own.  “Goodbye, my Lord,” she whispered. “I shall never forget you or your kindness to me and to all of us.”
“And I will not forget you either,” Ayab answered with a wistful smile as he walked outside with them. 
Jason took Laura’s arm and led her to the horses.  He climbed aboard a large chestnut stallion.  Ayab stepped forward quickly and lifted Laura effortlessly up to Jason’s waiting arms.
With a whistle, Ayab’s men rode off, leading the westerners out of his life.  He watched sadly until they disappeared from his sight.  He shook his head as if to chase away his thoughts and walked back into the cool shadows of his garden.
“For one beautiful night, she was mine, totally mine.  One night of being loved by her is better than a lifetime with anyone else,” he sighed.  “How much heaven it would have been if she had stayed here and loved me!”
Later that evening, after he had eaten his fill, he clapped his hands and Lila came in and bowed low before him.  Ayab looked at her and remembered Laura’s words.  He smiled and said, “Bring some wine and return to me.”
Lila hurried out and returned with a flask of new wine.  She poured a glass for him and started to leave.  “Wait, little one,” he said. “Come and sit beside me.  I would like to have your company.  Here is wine for you.  Laura told me that you were very kind to her while she was here.  I am happy to hear that.  What did you think of our guest?”
“She was very pretty and very kind.  I liked her, and I wish she would have stayed.  We could have become friends,” Lila bubbled.
Ayab laughed at her enthusiasm.  He opened his eyes and looked intently at her.  Lila looked shyly back at him and smiled.  “I hear you have been practicing a dance to entertain me.  Will you dance for me, little one?”
“I will do whatever you ask, my Lord.  I wish I had more to offer you, because I am just learning.  I want you to be happy with me,” she admitted shyly.
When Lila stood, she began dancing with a child’s joy, but, as the dance progressed, she remembered Laura’s advice.  She slowed her pace and began moving and turning gracefully to the beat of the music.  Her face was slightly flushed from the wine and from the joy of being noticed by her master. As she twisted and turned, Ayab looked at her with fresh eyes, and he no longer saw a young child.  In her place a beautiful, graceful woman smiled up at him.  When the music ended, Lila bowed low and waited at his feet.
He reached out his hand and gently lifted her to her feet.  “Come, my little one, and stay here with me.”  Lila sat beside him.  Ayab put his arm around her and held her close.  “You have become a beautiful woman, Lila, and your dance pleased me very much.”
Lila smiled happily and leaned against him.  Ayab asked, “What do you want?  I will give you a reward for your beautiful dance.”
Lila laughed.  “I do not need a reward.  Knowing you enjoyed it was enough reward for me.”
“What do you think of me?  Are you happy here in my harem?  Is there anything more that you want from me?” he urged.
Lila blushed and hid her face in her hands.  Ayab pulled her hands away and looked deep into her eyes.  She trembled and looked up at him.  He tenderly pulled her into his arms.  He lifted her up to sit on his lap, and he bent his head down and gently kissed her.  With joyful innocence, Lila opened her lips and invited him to sample the sweetness of her first kiss.  Ayab gently kissed her and explored her mouth.  He felt her body relax against his, and he kissed her with a long lingering tenderness. Lila shyly put her arms around him and laid her head on his chest.  He looked down at her and kissed her again and felt her come alive in his arms.  He held her close on his lap, and he talked to her of many things.
Slowly, gently, he lifted her to her feet.  “My precious little one, I will take things slowly with you.  There is no rush, but I know you are worth the wait.  I want you to come to my chamber and dance for me again tomorrow night.  I feel happy when you are near me.  If you are willing, I want to teach you the art of love making.  If you do not feel ready to come to my bed, at least, come and let me hold you and kiss you again,” he explained.
“I will come to you anytime you want me, my Lord.  I do not know much about men and what pleases them, but I am willing to learn all you desire me to know, my master,” she added with a blush.
“Then, we will share time together.  Now that I see how beautiful and gentle you are, I will eagerly welcome you to my bed. You must tell me when you are ready to let me make love to you,” he whispered.
Lila looked up into his eyes, pulled his lips down to hers, and kissed him.  “I am already yours, my Lord.  I love you and I desire to please you now,” she whispered quietly.
Ayab poured another glass of warm red liquid and watched her drink it.  He watched as her eyes grew heavy and she leaned heavily against him.  He lifted her up into his arms and carried her to his bed chamber.  He looked at her sweet innocence, and gently unwrapped his new-found treasure.  He cradled her against his body and kissed her.  He held her close and felt her snuggled against him, but he only gently caressed her.   He said, “You are much like Laura.  I want you, but not this way.  I want you to want me as much as I want you.  I want to feel you give yourself to me.  I know I have the power to order you to submit, but that is no longer enough.  There is always tomorrow and many other nights after that to love you.  What joy it will be to love you, my little one.” 
He lay down beside her and held her close in his arms.  He felt a deep love growing inside him for the precious jewel he felt snuggled beside him.  He gently kissed her and closed his eyes and slept beside her.  When she awoke, he kissed her tenderly and walked her back to her room.
“Tomorrow night, Lila, will you come to my chamber and let me make love to you?” Ayab whispered.
“Yes, my Lord, I have waited and longed for this moment.  I will come to you,” Lila answered with a deep blush.
As Ayab walked back to his chamber, he smiled and thought of the feel and taste of Lila’s delightful kisses.  “Tomorrow,” he sighed happily.
Chapter 20
As the horses galloped across the desert, Laura snuggled closer to Jason.  She felt the warmth of his body and the comforting safety of his strong arms holding her as they rode.  She rested her cheek against his chest and sighed.  Jason looked down at her flushed face and tightened his arms.  He bent his head down and kissed her forehead.  She put her arms around him and held him so close to her that she heard the steady beating of his heart. When they arrived back at the port city of Mansurah, the group rapidly rode through the narrow twisting streets.  They galloped past the white-walled houses and the open stalls of the markets bustling with people and animals.   The sights and smells and noises of Mansurah bombarded their senses as they rushed on towards the mooring place on the bank of the mighty Nile River.
All three of the longboats and most of the crew waited anxiously for their arrival.  When they came into sight, the men let out a whoop of joy.  They rushed forward to surround Jason, Laura, and the others.  Jason jumped down from the chestnut stallion and reached up for Laura.  She put her hands on his shoulders and let him lift her down.  Her arms slid up around his neck, and he pulled her close and kissed her happily.
“I’ve missed you so much, Laura.  I was so worried that Ayab would change his mind again and not let you go.  When you stayed behind yesterday, I thought I’d go crazy with jealousy and fear of losing you,” Jason whispered fervently.
Laura kissed him eagerly and snuggled closer to him.  “I missed you, too.  It feels so heavenly to be back in your arms again.  I love you so much.  You never need to be jealous.  Our love is strong enough to survive anything,” Laura sighed, gently touching his face, and prayed that it was so.
The crew crowded around them, happily exchanging greetings.  Ayab’s men unloaded the bags Ayab had sent for Laura from their horses and put them on the river bank near the longboats.
Jason ordered, “Mingo, tell our escorts to thank Ayab again for his kindness and for setting us all free.”  Mingo spoke quickly in Arabic and bowed low to the leader of the group.  As quickly as they had left the Sultan’s palace, they spurred their horses and galloped away towards the wide expanse of desert.
“Load everything into the boats,” Jason called.  “I’ll feel safer once we are on the Sea Dog and passed the fortifications at Damietta and heading home.”
The crew quickly stowed the bags and provisions they had purchased for the return trip into the boats.  Jason gently lifted Laura into the largest of the longboats while Robert and Raymond clambered aboard the other two.  Soon everything was loaded and the boats pushed off from the shore and were quickly rowed to the Sea Dog.
A skeleton crew had been left on board.  As each longboat arrived, the crew climbed the steep rope ladders.  They lowered the lines and quickly attached them to the boats.  With practiced efficiency, they hoisted each boat on deck.  Once they were unloaded, they were fastened into their normal positions on the deck.  Laura and the two old knights stayed in the long boats as they were lifted up.  Laura smiled remembering how different it had been the first time she had ridden the longboat as she was lifted aboard bound hand and foot, gagged, and wrapped in a blanket.  She laughed aloud when she thought how much better it felt this time.
“I have so much to be thankful for,” Laura reminded herself.  “I love Jason and he loves me.  His father and Raymond are both free, and all is well in my world.”  Laura sighed, “If that is true, why do I feel such a sense of sadness and loss?”  Laura blushed guiltily as the one word answer crowded into her mind---Ayab.  “Goodbye, my Sultan.  May God protect you and give you happiness, love, and a long life,” she prayed silently.
Once on board, Jason helped her out of the boat.  The bags Ayab sent were piled in the cabin, filling one corner completely.  Soon everything was stowed in the holds, and the sails were hoisted, the anchor was lifted, and the Sea Dog began its journey down the Nile to the Mediterranean Sea.  Laura sat on the highest part of the deck near Jason as he stood at the wheel.  She watched as Mansurah and the desert behind it gradually grew smaller and smaller until she could no longer see the town at all.
Jason noticed her quietness and broke into her thoughts.  “Laura, are you feeling well? You are so quiet.  You should be rejoicing!  Everything worked out successfully for us.  Everyone is safe, and we are heading home,” he enthused happily.
Laura looked over at him and smiled brightly.  “I’m sorry, Jason.  I am very happy about how everything turned out.  I just realized how tired I feel.  I didn't sleep very well either night at Ayab’s castle.  I guess I was too nervous and too excited to sleep,” she explained with color rising in her cheeks.  “Now with the sunshine warm on my back, the fresh air, and the gentle rocking of the ship, I suddenly feel very tired and sleepy.”
Jason looked at her rosy cheeks and laughed.  “Do you want me to help you down to our cabin?” he asked with a grin. 
Laura laughed at his eagerness to help. “No, thank you.  If you help me down, knowing you, I’m not sure how much rest or sleep I would get.”
Jason grinned happily at her and laughed suggestively, “You know me too well, Laura, but it would have been fun.”  With a short whistle, he called Mingo and asked him to help Laura to her cabin.  After Laura was safely inside the cabin, she unfastened her girdle, removed her outer gown, and crawled up onto the bed still in her chemise.  With a blush, Laura realized she really had not slept very much of her time at Ayab’s castle, although she had spent several hours in bed.  It was with those thoughts in her mind that Laura closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.
While she slept, the Sea Dog continued down the Nile.  By the time she woke up some hours later, the ship had already passed Damietta and was once again sailing on the broad blue-green waters of the Mediterranean Sea.  The sun was beginning to dip down to the horizon as Laura slowly awoke.  She sighed and stretched luxuriously, and opened her eyes.  Jason was lying beside her, his eyes drinking in the sweet beauty of her face as she slept.  Laura saw him watching her and giggled.  At the sound of her laugh, Jason moved closer, pulled her into his arms, and kissed her hungrily.
“Are you feeling better now?” he asked when his lips at last released hers.
Laura snuggled closer to him and murmured with a contented sigh, “Oh, yes, my love.  Everything is perfect now.”  She pulled his face closer to hers and kissed him passionately.  She soon felt herself being swept up and carried along with the rising fire of desire that burned in him.  She responded to him with a new found freedom that left them both panting and emotionally drained, and yet more satisfied than they had ever felt in each other’s arms before.
“Laura, you take my breath away,” he moaned after he had satisfied all the desire and hunger that had built up in him during their separation in Mansurah.  “You seem different somehow.  Did anything happen to you while you were at his castle?” he asked quietly as the terrible fear in his heart had finally been spoken.
Laura knew in her heart that the full truth about Ayab would only hurt him, so she decided to try to keep the full truth from him, but not directly lie.  She was thankful the cabin was dark now so he could not see how deeply she blushed at his questions.  She kissed him gently, hoping to distract him.
“In a way, I am different.  I guess the thought that I might never be with you again, not be able to see you or touch you, or kiss you like this made me realize how uncertain and short our time together in this life might be.  It added to the intensity of my love and desire for you.  I decided, if I was able to come back to you, I would not waste my life and time with you holding back my feelings of love and longing for you, my husband-to-be,” she sighed happily.  “While I stayed in the harem, some of the women also explained different ways to please a man that I did not know about.  I am not sure how you will like them, but I long to please you in every way.  Come, now, and love me.  I have missed being in your bed,” she whispered, gently kissing his neck and chin.
Jason held her tenderly, stroked her hair, and kissed her lightly.  “Did Ayab …,” he started to ask, but Laura cut off his question with a deep love-filled kiss.  She gently caressed his face as she spoke.  “Ayab was always gentle and kind to me.  He asked hundreds of questions about you and me, about our love and life together.  He said he envied what you have, and that he wished I could love him the way I love you.  In his own way, I believe he really loved me, because he decided that he could not keep me from sharing my life with the man I love.  He said he would not be satisfied with less than my total love, that possessing just my body, without my love, would be an empty torture.  He told me that was why he had decided not to hold me to my promise to stay with him.  He knew my heart belonged to you alone.  He sent me back to you because he knew that was where I wanted to be. Do you need to hear anymore, my love, to understand what kind of a man Ayab was?”
Jason caressed her slowly.  “Did he touch you?” he asked softly.
“Yes,” Laura admitted.  “He held me and kissed me as you just did, but he cared enough to let me go safely from him.  He said he knew my love belonged to you alone.  He would not do anything that would hurt me and our love.  He was a kind, gentle, and honorable man at all times.  I will never forget his gentle, kindness to me and for allowing us to have our future together.  Now, Jason, let’s speak no more of the past.  Just hold me and let me show you how much I have missed you.  Let’s live our life from today forwards.  I loved you before we went to Mansurah, I love you now, and I shall always love you,” she whispered into his ear, gently nibbling at his earlobe as her hands moved down and sent shivers of desire coursing through his body.  She moved her body slowly along his, her breasts sliding along his chest towards his stomach.  She lowered her head and planted soft, moist kisses along his abdomen before she moved down to explore his maleness.  His body quivered with passionate arousal as she pleasured him in new and exciting ways.  Finally, unable to stand the exquisite torture of her mouth on his body, he pulled her up to his waiting lips.   He squeezed her possessively against the length of his body.  His mouth sought her parted lips, and he kissed her deeply with the need to be united with her again surging through his body.  Laura opened her mouth to receive his tongue as it probed into hers.  She opened her legs and guided him gently into the warm moistness of her body.  He moaned hoarsely.  His movements increased until a burst of ecstasy exploded in their bodies.  He collapsed upon her exhausted and totally satisfied that all was well in their love.  Laura sighed and held him close, savoring the warmth of his embrace and the thrill of his closeness.  He rolled off and pulled her against his body.  She snuggled against him and lay happily sheltered against his body.
A short time later, they dressed and joined the others for dinner.  Laura looked at Jason with love and happiness shining in her eyes.  The food on the Sea Dog, when compared to Ayab’s feasts, was simple, but the men all ate with enthusiasm and were filled.  Rum flowed freely that night as they celebrated their freedom and drank to the health, happiness, and success of all present.  The crew manned the ship as each took turns during the night.  Laura lay close to Jason, content, knowing that she was surrounded by people who loved her.  She thought about Robert and Raymond.  They treated her with courtly gentleness, like a long lost daughter.  Jason’s love and tenderness filled her heart to overflowing, and she felt like hugging the whole world out of joy.  She thanked God again and again for bringing them all safely together.
As Laura drifted off to sleep, she wondered, “Where will home be now?  What will the future hold for me?”  She sighed, “What does it matter?  Wherever Jason is, that is my home.  That is where my heart and love will be.  It isn’t important now whether it is on the Sea Dog, at St. Valery, Tres Mortes, or some unknown land.”  Laura kissed Jason softly, cuddled against him, and slept soundly, safe and warm in his embrace.
During the next two days, Laura spent most of her waking hours on deck visiting with Jason, his father, and Duke Raymond.  She listened eagerly to the stories the men told about their adventures on the Crusades.  Both men had known her father well and spoke often of his gallant bravery.  Laura cried when she heard the story of his death during the fierce battle at Acre against the Khwarizamian Turks. They had been badly outnumbered by the invading hordes of Turkish horsemen.
“Baron Nivelon fought gallantly, but, in the end, he was mortally wounded.  He died quickly and bravely.  Many Turks fell under his sword before he was overcome by the sheer numbers of his attackers.  By the time we could come to his aid, he was already dead.  After the battle, we buried him at an oasis in the shade of some palm trees.  He was a very brave man, Laura, and a true friend to us.  We shall all miss him,” Duke Raymond sadly vowed.
“Many times, we rode side by side in peace and in battle.  There was no one I trusted or respected more,” Robert added with admiration glowing in his eyes and voice.
Laura looked at them with tears running down her cheeks, deeply moved by their words.  “Thank you for telling me.  You must know how much I loved him.  I am sad he is gone from me forever, but I’m proud to hear how bravely he died and that he was given a Christian burial,” she whispered brokenly.
Robert dropped down beside her and put his big arm around her shoulder.  He gathered her into his arms.  She laid her head against his chest and cried.  He gently stroked her hair.  “There, there, child,” he soothed.  “All will be better in time.  You have a new family now to love you and take care of you.  You lost your own dear father, but Raymond and I would gladly fulfill his fatherly duties for you.  You were so brave and unselfish, we would feel honored to look after you as our own daughter.”
Laura lifted her tear stained face and kissed him gently on the cheek.  “I’m honored by your offer and gladly accept.  I’m so fortunate to be surrounded by love—from you and Raymond, from all Jason’s loyal crew, and, of course, most of all from Jason.  Each day, I thank God for bringing us all together safely.”
On the third day after leaving Mansurah, thick clouds covered the skies.  The weather grew colder and the ship pitched and rolled heavily.  Laura stayed below in her cabin, unable to walk much because of the ship’s violent motion.  The wind howled, rain poured down on them, and the waves pounded like an angry giant against the sides of the ship.  At times, the Sea Dog seemed to shudder and groan like a woman in labor under the stress of the storm.  The crew worked feverishly day and night, struggling to keep the ship upright and to prevent the waves that crashed down on them from swamping them and making them sink.  Jason stayed on deck directing the crew, returning to the cabin exhausted to fall into a deep sleep for a few hours before returning to his place of leadership.  Laura, unable to help in any other way, prayed and waited below as the storm raged on and on.
As the time dragged out into long hours, Laura staggered over to the huge stack of bags Ayab had sent with her.  In all the excitement of their reunion and discussing plans for the future, the bags had not even been opened.  Laura sat down on the floor and started opening them.  One by one, Laura removed each item and examined it carefully, marveling at the variety and beauty of Ayab’s gifts to her.
In one bag, Laura pulled out a piece of soft blue green material.  Her hands trembled when she touched it.  It was the silky Persian dress she had worn the first night she ate dinner alone with Ayab.  She blushed as she imagined him pulling it off her drugged body.  She vividly remembered how his hands and kisses had made her feel, both in her dreamlike memories of the first night and in her total remembrance of the last night they had passionately made love.  Her eyes filled with tears as she remembered his gentle patience with her and the skillful mastery of his lovemaking.  She rubbed the soft material against her cheek and sent a prayer for his happiness to God.
Besides the dress, the bag revealed a delicate pottery container filled with the fragrance of jasmine.  She opened it and inhaled deeply.  Every sight or smell brought his face and memory into her mind.  She closed her eyes and moaned as she remembered the feel of his huge body in hers as they lay together in the warm, scented waters of the sunken tub.  She could almost feel his hands caressing her as his mouth hungrily devoured hers.  She shivered and moaned, reliving the exquisite pleasure he had given her.
Inside another bag was a small, but expertly made, tapestry.  It showed a garden with a little pond.  Around the edge of the water were women in flowing Persian dresses.  Some were in the water bathing.  Others lounged around a man in a white robe who reclined on a divan covered with cushions.  “Maybe, right now, Ayab is in his garden surrounded by his wives.  I pray he is as happy as I am,” she murmured.
Carefully wrapped inside layers of soft materials of silk, linen, and richly embossed brocades, Laura found delicately decorated dishes and goblets.  Laura fingered the intricate designs and scroll work.  She rewrapped them and put them aside. 
In another she found a necklace of inter-connected rings of gold.  Set in the middle of each ring was a perfectly matched green gem.  Laura touched each stone, marveling at its deep green color.  “Emeralds,” he had remarked to her, “set off the beauty of your eyes and hair.  You should wear them always.”
Laura could not believe the richness and the beauty of the gifts he had sent with her.  They were easily worth more than all the ransom Jason had given to purchase Robert’s and Raymond’s freedom.
“He didn’t care about our wealth at all.  Oh, Ayab,” she sighed wistfully, “how good and generous you were to us.  How very loving and kind you were to me.”
Upon opening another bag, Laura removed more pieces of folded cloth. Inside the last bag, between two pieces of soft silk, Laura found the richest treasures of all.  Laura stared down in amazement at the two books that lay on her lap.  They were the two books she had said she like the best in his collection.  Laura remembered the loving way he had shown them to her.  They were obviously very precious to him.  He had touched them reverently and showed her the illustrations with great pride.    Laura could not believe that he had parted with them.  Suddenly, Laura realized how much Ayab had really loved her.  Anything she had used or admired, he had given to her, even though he knew he would never see her again.
“He gave unselfishly of all he held dear.  He gave me my freedom, knowing I would leave him, and then he showered his most precious possessions on me.  He truly loved me, and I realize now that I loved him, too.  That is why I don’t feel ashamed of having given myself to him.  I am proud to have shared my love with such a gentle and loving man.  He will always have a place in my heart.  I hope he will find the love that he longs for,” she sighed.
When the storm subsided, Jason returned to the cabin.  Laura told him all that Ayab had sent with her.  He looked at the mounds of gifts and shook his head in disbelief.  “I didn’t expect anything like this from him.  I don’t understand why he was so generous,” he said.
Laura hugged him close and said, “He said he admired me and loved me, and, in his own way, I think he really did care for me.  I will always be grateful that he loved me enough to give me what I most desired—my freedom to leave with you.  May God richly bless him for his kindness and give him a happy life.”
“I was so angry and jealous of him when I was in his prison.  I didn’t think we would ever get Robert and Raymond out of his prison alive.  I was so afraid of losing you.  I, too, wish him happiness, because he allowed us all to leave,” Jason admitted.
“Come, my love, and get some rest.  Let me hold you and show you how happy I am to be here with you,” Laura whispered.  “Let me massage your back and help you relax.”
Jason laughed and said, “I am tired, but sleep can wait for a while.  Let me kiss you, and celebrate our love.”  He pulled her into his arms and kissed her deeply.  They quickly removed their clothes and snuggled together and enjoyed the joy of their love.
Chapter 21
Anne shuddered when Arnulfo’s guard summoned her to his chamber.  Since the arrival of the messenger from Sorvienne, his mood had been blacker than usual.  His first reaction to the news of Robert and Raymond’s ransom and return from Mansurah had been horrified disbelief.  When he learned about Jason and Laura’s part in the rescue, he had grown livid.
Anne trembled at the memory of the raw hatred she had seen in his eyes when he ranted about it that night.  He had been unusually cruel and sadistic to her, but Anne had been so shocked at the news that Jason was still alive and that Laura was with him that she had not been aware of the severity of the beating he had given her until she saw the huge bruises that had developed on her arm where he had savagely squeezed and twisted it and on her body near her abdomen and breasts.
“I’ll never surrender St. Valery to anyone, especially not to them.  I’ll find a way to get even with them for the humiliation Laura’s disappearance caused me.  I’ll make them pay for it somehow,” Arnulfo had roared.  “My brother was a stupid fool to go chasing across the world to try to rescue some religious relics that aren’t worth anything.  He forfeited his right to the Barony when he left for the Crusades!  If it hadn’t been for that brat of his, Robert would be dead or rotting away in a dungeon in Mansurah.”
“How can you keep St. Valery?  If you don’t surrender, they will come with an army and take it,” Anne asked.
“Let them come!  St. Valery cannot be taken from the outside.  Her defenses are too strong, and I intend to use every resource I have to keep it.  I’ve been busy since the messenger arrived.  We have enough supplies of food and water to last for many months.  I’ve hired every mercenary soldier within thirty leagues, and I have spies in all areas of the countryside.  There is nothing about them and their plans that I cannot find out about.  I have nothing to lose by fighting.  After all I have done, do you think my brother or Jason will just give me a hug of welcome and say all is forgiven?  If they succeed, I am a dead man, but they won’t ever take what I have,” he snarled contemptuously curling his lip downward.
“Aren’t you afraid Robert and Jason’s friends on the inside will turn against you and revolt?” Anne asked.
“I have that figured out, too.  All I have to do is control the few leaders, and the others will be too frightened and disorganized to cause any problems,” Arnulfo added ominously.
“What are you going to do?” Anne gasped fearfully as she shuddered and blanched.
“You’ll find out when the others do,” he answered, abruptly pulling her against him.  His hand caught her hair, pulled head back, and kissed her savagely bruising her lips.  Anne tried to twist away, but Arnulfo’s arms tightened around her, squeezing her until unable to breathe, her struggles stopped.  When he suddenly released her, she stumbled away.  Arnulfo laughed as she crumpled to the floor gasping for breath.
“Fool!” he gloated.  “Haven’t you learned anything yet?  Just like St. Valery, you belong to me.  I will do whatever I want with either of you, and I won’t let either of you go until I am tired of you.  Your struggling and hatred amuse me as much as your body arouses my desire.”
He grabbed her arm and lifted her to her feet.  He forced her back onto the bed and held her down.  He laughed at her futile struggles as he pulled her clothes away and roughly took possession of her.  Satisfied, he stood up and looked down at her tear stained face.  “What a woman you have become, Anne.  You are not boring like the others I have taken.  I’ve never been able to completely break your spirit.  I can make your body respond to my touch, and I can possess your body, but there is still part of you I have not conquered.  Someday I will,” he added with an ominous laugh as he left her lying there crying.
When he dismissed her, Anne pulled her clothes back over her bruised, naked body.  She wiped away the tears with trembling hands and rushed out of Arnulfo’s chambers. She turned and ran down the dark, deserted hallway towards her room.
As Anne hurried around the corner, she collided with someone going the other direction.  Two large hands caught her and held her steady as she started to stumble backwards.  Looking up Anne blushed as she recognized Kevin’s clean shaven face and his deep brown eyes.  Her glance dropped down to the ground as she noticed the angry scowl that crossed his face.  She tried to pull away, but his hands held her in place.
“Please let me go to my room,” Anne sobbed, tears running down her face.
“Anne, what is wrong?  Let me help you,” he exclaimed softly.  He steadied her as they walked towards her chamber.  He pushed the door open and walked in behind her.  She motioned for him to be quiet, and he moved behind the curtain.  Anne walked over and looked in the cradle at the far end of the room.  Seeing Conan’s sleeping face, she smiled wistfully.
She woke Leanne, the cook’s youngest daughter,  “Thanks for watching the baby,” she whispered as she ushered her out of her room.  After Leanne was gone, Kevin stepped from behind the curtain.  He looked around curiously, never having been in Anne’s chamber before.  It was sparsely furnished.  He saw the small cradle standing against the inner wall farthest from the door.  Kevin’s eyes swept over the room from the small high window to the large bed across from the small baby’s bed.
Anne paced nervously, acutely aware of Kevin’s eyes intently following her every move.  Unable to stand the strained silence any longer, she put her hands over her eyes and cried.
“What’s wrong, Anne?” Kevin asked softly, gently turning her towards him.
“Please, don’t ask.  I’m so afraid he will hurt you if you get involved.  Oh, I wish I had been born a man.  I would kill that monster!  Oh, Kevin, you don’t know how cruel, evil, and vicious Arnulfo is and the terrible things he has done.  He would eagerly torture or kill anyone who gets in his way and never feel any guilt or regret.”  When Anne tried to turn away, Kevin tightened his grip on her arm.  Anne moaned and winced with pain.
“Anne, I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to hurt you,” Kevin stammered.  “I’d never harm you.”
“It’s nothing you did, Kevin.  He beat you to it,” she added with a sad mocking laugh.  She shoved the long flowing sleeve of her gown up, revealing the angry red welts and bruises on her upper arm and shoulder.
Kevin stared at the marks and cursed aloud.  “My God, Anne, did he do that to you?”
“Of course, but it is not unusual.  His favorite diversion is inflicting pain,” she said with a convulsive shudder.
“Why did you let him do it?” Kevin asked in a cold, strained voice.
Anne looked up at him, tears streaming down her face.  “How could I stop him?  I’m only a woman.  I don’t have any rights or strength.  I have no family to stand up for me.  He is a fiend, a devil.  No one can stop him.  God knows how much I hate him!”
“Poor Anne,” Kevin soothed her, gently pulling her into his embrace.  He stroked her hair and held her as she sobbed against his shoulder.  After her crying stopped, Kevin continued to hold her.  When she looked up at his face, he bent down and lightly kissed her forehead.  She moaned and pressed her face against his strong, muscular chest.  He put his hand under her chin and gently tilted her head, forcing her to look up at him again.  He stared deeply into her eyes before he slowly lowered his mouth to cover hers.  At first his kiss was as soft as a whisper, then it gradually deepened.  Anne relaxed against him.  Her arms moved up around his neck.  Her lips parted and she pressed against him, eagerly returning the gentle sweetness of his kiss.
When he lifted his lips from hers, she tried to pull away.  “Kevin, you must leave.  He tortured Laura for a kiss much more innocent than this.  I couldn’t bear to have your blood on my conscience.  If only we had met before Arnulfo noticed me!” she sighed.  “I never knew a man’s kiss could be so gentle or so wonderful.  You are so good, so kind and loving, but there is nothing you can do to help me.  Just be very careful for yourself.  Arnulfo is planning something evil.  I don’t know what it is, but I am frightened for you and the other friends of Robert and Jason.  Please believe what I am about to tell you.  Our lives may depend on it,” she begged.
“Of course, Anne.  I won’t betray your trust,” he answered.
“I’m not sure if you know of any of this or not, but Sir Robert, Jason, and Laura are alive, well and safe with Duke Raymond at Sorvienne .  They had been captured by the Arabs and held for ransom.  Arnulfo killed the messenger who came to seek ransom for them and vowed to let them die in prison.  I don’t know how they got away, but somehow Jason and Laura managed to buy their freedom.  They are at Sorvienne now.  Robert sent a messenger demanding Arnulfo surrender St. Valery to him.  Arnulfo won’t ever give it up.  He doesn’t care who gets hurt as long as it isn’t him.  He’s been bringing in mercenary soldiers and storing up extra supplies.  He knows he will be tortured and killed if Robert and Jason regain St. Valery, so he has nothing to lose by fighting.  I am afraid a lot of innocent people will die before it is all over.  There has been too much treachery and bloodshed already.  Be careful, Kevin, and may God protect us all,” Anne said earnestly.
“I had heard some of this, but thought it was just a rumor.  Thank God, they are alive.  We may soon be delivered from this traitorous Arnulfo,” Kevin exclaimed.
“I pray you are right, but I am afraid he will do something terrible before they can fight their way into St. Valery.  I am so terribly frightened, not so much for me, but for my son.  I know I don’t have the right to ask for your help, but I beg one thing of you.  If Robert does succeed, and God knows how fervently I pray for his success, promise me you will protect my baby.  I know others see me as a traitor, but my baby had no part in choosing his father.  It doesn’t matter what happens to me.  Nothing could be worse than life with Arnulfo,” Anne finished with a shudder.
“I promise to stand by your baby and by you, but do you think any of the squires and knights who knew Sir Robert or Jason would willingly fight against them?” Kevin asked.
“No, but Arnulfo is shrewd enough to realize that fact, too.  Now you know why I am so fearful for you and the others.  You must be on guard.  Somehow, we must find a way to stop Arnulfo before he can do any more evil.  I know, I would willingly give my life if I thought it would bring our rightful lord back safely to St. Valery,” Anne added, her eyes flashing.
“I’ll remember all you’ve told me, and I’ll be your protector, as well as your child’s, when the time comes.  Let me know how I may help you, Anne,” Kevin added fervently against her forehead.  Their lips moved together again, and they kissed eagerly, hungrily.  Anne felt her body melting against him as she surrendered to the incredible sweetness of his lips.
“You must go now, Kevin, before anyone finds us together. Please, my love, be very careful,” Anne whispered before reaching up to kiss his cheek.   She pulled away, opened the door and checked the hallway to be sure no one was around before she guided him out.  Kevin stepped out and moved quietly and quickly toward the dining hall and his chamber.
Over the next week, Anne watched as more and more rough talking men entered Arnulfo’s private guards.  They were mercenaries and fought for anyone who paid them.  Daily wagon loads of food arrived and were deposited in the pantry of the Grand Keep.
Near the end of the week, Arnulfo appeared at her chamber.  He laughed at her obvious fear as she backed away from him.  “By now, they should have my answer.  I can imagine their rage.  They know I can outlast their siege and can destroy them as they try to take St. Valery.  That will be good, but I have further plans for revenge on my stupid brother and his worthless whelp.  How sweet that revenge will be,” he chuckled.
“What do you plan to do, my lord?” Anne asked breathlessly.
“You are too beautiful to get involved,” he said as he crossed to where she stood.
“My Lord, see how big your son has grown,” Anne said, lifting Conan from his cradle.  “What stories you will be able to tell him,” she stammered, “when the siege is over and the others are all defeated.  You have thought of everything.  I have to admit that you are a very clever man.”
Arnulfo took Conan from her arms.  “You are right, Anne,” he agreed with a mocking smile.  “I know what you are up to.  Why the flattery now?”
“I am so frightened for Conan and for me.  If your plans fail, we are sure to be punished or even killed.  Our fates are linked with yours.  He is your son, and I am his mother and your woman.  We share your destiny and your fate.  I am terrified.  Are we to be kept in the dark about out futures?  Forgive me, my lord, but my fear for Conan’s safety makes me bold.”  Anne rushed on before Arnulfo could stop her.  “In spite of everything that has happened, you have held me and affected me like no other man.  I’ve tried not to respond to you, but I find I cannot separate my life from yours because of our child.  Even though we never wed, my life is joined with yours.  Please give me some comfort and peace of mind.  Let me know how you are planning to protect us,” Anne ended, dropping onto her knees in front of Arnulfo with a sob.  She put her arms around his legs and leaned against him, crying pitifully.
Arnulfo looked down into her eyes, still red from crying.  He searched her face for the anger and hatred he had always seen.  All he saw now was fear and pain.  Arnulfo laid Conan down in his cradle.  He pushed her hands away and walked to the other side of the room.  He stood silent for a moment, then turned towards her with a laugh.
“I knew someday you would break, and you’d be totally mine.  I did not expect it to happen this way, but the look of hatred is gone,” he gloated.  
Conan started to cry.  As Anne turned to comfort him, Arnulfo spoke softly, but Anne was frozen by his tone and look.  “Come here, Anne.  Conan will keep.  Let him cry for now.  You say you are mine. Come,” he leered at her.  “Come and prove it to me now.”
Anne covered Conan with a blanket, forcing the sickening feeling of hatred and disgust out of her eyes before moving to his side.
“What do you want of me, my Lord?” she asked softly.
“I knew someday you would come to me and be totally mine.  Come, Anne, show me what you’ve learned about lovemaking.  At last, I have broken your will to fight,” he crowed as he pulled her against him.
Blinking back her tears, Anne undressed him and laid down on the bed with him.  She started slowly stroking his body with her hands, feeling his body change under the touch of her hands.  She lowered her mouth and covered him with kisses.  She pressed her body against him and used all her charms to satisfy his every desire.  Today, there was no physical abuse, but there was no love or tenderness either.  It was simple.  He wanted her.  She gave herself to him, for the first time, the only time, willingly and without any resistance.
Afterwards as she lay beside him, she cried, “I am so frightened about what tomorrow will bring.  I don’t want to die.  I still don’t understand how we can really win out over them.  Won’t they just keep coming again and again until they starve us out or break through our defenses?”
“Hush your crying!” he ordered.  “The only way they can get to us is through the main gates.  My guards will easily kill all who try to approach directly.  That will take care of them for now.  If all goes well, I shall soon have what I need to force them to attack prematurely,” he added with a sinister laugh.
“I don’t understand what you mean?” Anne stammered.  She was afraid to hear what he planned, but knowing she had to learn everything if there was to be any chance that she might be able to help defeat him.
“I’ve learned that Laura has been travelling along near the siege troops.  My spies have informed me where she will be staying.  My spies have done their work well!  I intend to capture her and bring her here.  They do not plan a direct attack on us until they have built siege machines and catapults.  That will take time.  When they find out we have captured Laura, knowing them, they will rush to her aid.  They would do anything to get her back quickly and safely, wouldn’t they?  It is even possible that they may get her back, eventually, when I am through with her and them,” he added ominously.
“What do you mean, Arnulfo?” Anne asked in a hoarse whisper.
“I’ll use Laura to trap them.  Jason and Robert will rush to the castle to try to save her, but we will be waiting for them at the gates and destroy them as they attack.  For us to be successful, the battle must be joined quickly before they have time to be fully prepared.  The plan is even now underway.  You see, Anne, I have taken care of everything.  You don’t need to worry.  You will be safe as long as you still please me,” he assured her.
At dinner that night, Anne tried to find a way to talk to Kevin privately and tell him what she had found out, but there were too many guards lounging around the great hall.  As usual, Anne tasted Arnulfo’s food before serving him to assure him that it wasn’t poisoned.  After he was served, she passed the loaded trenchers to the other noble’s table.  The old Seneschal, Kevin, and eight other knights and their squires were seated at another table a few feet from the head table. 
 After wine was served to all, Arnulfo signaled to Marko, his Chief Guard.  Marko approached the table and faced the Seneschal.  “In the name of our Lord Arnulfo, I arrest all of you for high treason,” Marko shouted above the noise of the diner’s voices.  Suddenly, all was silent as the guards rushed in from all sides, swords drawn and ready.  Kevin and the others jumped to their feet, but stood there unarmed because weapons were not permitted in the dining hall.  They stared around the room as thirty armed men moved closer.
The Seneschal rose and asked, “Is this your idea of a jest, Arnulfo?  It is not funny, if it is.  You know we have been loyal to you and have done nothing wrong.  We have never disobeyed you or been traitors!”
”Silence,” Arnulfo commanded. “Your crimes against me are grave,” he bellowed.  “Let this be a warning to all of you.  I will deal quickly and harshly with all who are disloyal or who disobey me in any way.  My punishment is swift and terrible.  I will not tolerate any interference or disloyalty.  My word is law!  Pledge your total allegiance to me now or you will go to the dungeon with these traitors.  If you disagree with me and my rule, rise now.”
The rest of the room sat in stunned silence, looking at the heavily armed guards who swarmed around the room.  They watched in horror as the old Seneschal, the knights, and squires were led at sword point from the room.  Rapidly, the room emptied and the rest fled to their sleeping quarters.
Anne remembered Arnulfo’s words from the week before.  “If I control the few leaders, the others will be too frightened and disorganized to oppose me in any way.”  Suddenly she felt her world crumbling around her.  Without Kevin and the other loyal knights and squires, what chance did they have of stopping Arnulfo?  Anne sank down on the bench they had just left and fought to control her emotions.  Her hands trembled convulsively.  She stared down at the table and noticed the massive key ring the guards had taken from the Sensechal before leading him away. 
 As Anne looked at the key ring, a plan began to form in her mind.  It was very dangerous, but Anne realized she had to try it.  A few minutes later, Marko returned to the dining hall.  He walked over and leered at her.  He made a suggestive remark about her body and laughed at her shocked expression.  “If you were my woman, you wouldn’t be sitting here alone,” he said staring at her breasts.
He laughed and picked up the keys and attached them to his belt.  Anne smiled as a new plan formed in her mind.   She knew what she had to do next, but she had to bide her time until the moment for action was right.  As she was leaving the dining hall, she grabbed a bottle of wine and rushed to her bedchamber.
Chapter 22
Laura looked up from her sewing as Jason, still dressed in his riding clothes, entered their bedchamber at Tres Mortes.  She quickly pushed it aside and ran to meet him.  She slipped her arms around his waist as his arms locked around her, and he spun her around and around until she squealed with laughter.  Holding her steady against him, he covered her lips with his and pulled her closer to him.  She arched her body to meet his, and the outside world melted away around them.  Slowly they released each other.  With his arm still around her shoulder, Jason led her to the seat near the window.  He pulled her down to sit on his lap, and she snuggled happily against him.
“I’m so happy you are back, Jason,” Laura sighed.  “Even a day away from you seems endless.  I could not survive if we had to be parted for very long.”
“I’ve missed you, too, my darling Laura,” he whispered against her forehead, before tenderly kissing her.  “Soon I must leave with my father to prepare to attack Arnulfo and regain our home at St. Valery.  Arnulfo must be forced to surrender.  We have much work to do to build the siege engines and catapults and ladders so we can breach St. Valery’s walls.  I don’t know how long it will take to get the army prepared, but I will send for you as soon as it is safe for you to join me.  Or, I will ride back and see you as quickly as I can.”
Laura pulled away. “No, Jason!  Do not leave me behind.  We were separated once for too long because of Arnulfo.  Where you go, I will follow.  I must be closer to you to where you are.  I’ll stay back out of the way, but I must be close enough to know how things are going and that you are safe and well.  I may be able to bring you luck again.  Remember, if I had not gone to Ayab’s castle with you, there would be no chance for you and your father to try to recapture your home and to rescue our friends and subjects from Arnulfo’s control.  I want to be with you.”
“Laura, please be reasonable.  This is too dangerous.  I couldn’t bear it if anything happened to you!  You mean more to me than even my own life.  I only care about your safety and your happiness, my love.  We will only be gone for a few weeks at the most.  I’ll return to Tres Mortes as soon as I can for you.  That way you can be safe and secure here at Tres Mortes,” Jason argued.
“Do you think I could stay here so far from where you are and wait patiently for news that you are alive or dead.  I couldn’t stand being left here not knowing what was happening.  I promise, if you let me go closer to where you are, I will stay back away from the fighting, but I want to be close enough to get speedy news and maybe even have a chance to see you from time to time.  Please, Jason, for my sanity, I beg you to let me move closer to you,” Laura pleaded.
Jason stared at her anxious, flushed face, and sighed heavily.  “In spite of my better judgment, Laura, you know I cannot deny you anything when you ask me so sweetly.  Being totally selfish, I want to keep you near me as always, but you must promise to obey my orders and be very careful.”
“I promise, Jason.  I’ll do anything you tell me, except stay here without you,” Laura promised, pressing her cheek against his chest.  They sat quietly this way for several minutes before Laura spoke again.
“When will we leave for St. Valery, Jason?” she asked softly.
“Very soon.  We have started gathering our allies and supplies.  In two days, we will start.  We will collect the other troops as we travel.  Once we reach the woods near St. Valery, we will set up camp.  We will need time to build many ladders, a catapult, and a siege engine.  It is at times like this when I wish my ancestors had not built such a well-designed fortress.  If we can only get into the main court, I may be able to use some of the hidden passageways to catch Arnulfo and his men off guard.  We want to get in with the least amount of damage and injuries.  It is awful to think about, but some of the ones we may have to fight may well be old friends of ours.  It is terrible to imagine having to fight against my own people, but we don’t know where their loyalties may lie now.”
“I know what you mean, Jason, I have many old friends there.  I pray they will all be well and safe when this is all over.  Of course, my deepest concern is for Anne.  I will never forget her kindness and loyalty to me,” Laura added with tears in her eyes.
“Try not to worry, Laura.  I’ll do all I can to see that she is not harmed.  Like you, I don’t blame her for anything that happened to me.  Arnulfo was going to have to get rid of me before I grew old enough to become the rightful Baron.  If anyone should feel anger towards her, it is you,” Jason added.
“I forgave her for that many months ago.  She has more than paid off her debt to me.  I love her like a sister,” Laura sighed.
“Come, Laura, let’s join the others.  We must make new plans for your safety.  I will leave Mingo, Harpy, and Jacques to guard you when the time comes. They are completely loyal to me and devoted to you.  I trust them with my most prized possession—you, my dearest love,” Jason said as he led her down the hallway toward the dining hall.
Robert and Raymond both tried to convince Laura to stay at Tres Mortes where she could be better protected but, like Jason, they finally gave in to her pleadings.
As they finished eating, Robert turned to Jason with a smile.  “Well, son,” he said with a smile, “once we have retaken St. Valery, there are two things that we have put off for too long that must be done quickly.”
With a puzzled expression, Jason looked at him across the table.  “What is that, Father?”
“We must get you properly knighted, and we must finally get you two lovebirds officially married before Laura decides to run off with someone else,” Robert said with a booming laugh.
Laura felt a blush creeping over her face, and she looked down shyly.
Jason’s laughter echoed his father’s.  “Don’t worry,” he added quickly, “I’m not going to ever let her get away from me again, but I do agree.  Our first official act will be a trip to the chapel and a merry wedding feast.  The knighting ceremony can wait until later.  I am much more concerned with my nights with Laura than my Knights in armor.  Are you still willing to marry me?” he asked playfully.
Laura looked up at Jason, her face a deep crimson.  “Just try to stop me,” she threatened.  “I have to marry you, after all, we already made solemn vows before God that night on the Sea Dog.  That was secret.  Now I intend to let all the world know how much I love you.  I have already been your wife, but now I want to be your bride.  I’ll marry you whenever and wherever you say.”
After all the arrangements had been made, Jason, Robert, Laura, and his men left Tres Mortes to gather the armies together to attack Arnulfo.  The days had grown warmer as spring changed to summer.  As they neared St. Valery, Jason, Mingo, Harpy, Jacques, and Laura left the main group and rode to an inn several miles distance from the army’s camp.
The air was hot and humid when Jason gently lifted Laura down from the back of her chestnut mare.  The afternoon sun was beginning to drop down towards the horizon when they reached the inn.  A soft breeze was blowing in from the ocean.
“Well, here we are, Laura.  It is almost time for us to part for a short time.  I’ll leave you here at the Dragonhead Inn with Mingo, Jacques, and Harpy to protect you.  I’ll rush back to you as soon as the wedding can be arranged or until I cannot live another minute without your kisses.”
“I’ll be here waiting for you.  May God bless you and keep you all well and safe.  Be very careful, my dearest love,” she whispered softly as he took her into his arms and kissed her deeply.  He escorted her to the door to her room and talked briefly to Mingo before jumping onto his horse.  “Take good care of her, Mingo,” he called out as he rode off.
“Aye, aye, Captain,” Mingo answered.  Jacques and Harpy put the horses in the stable behind the inn then went into the kitchen area.
“I wish we could be in on the siege,” Harpy said anxiously.
“We all do,” Mingo added, “but Jason wants us here to protect Laura, and that’s what I intend to do.  You keep a sharp eye out for any sign of trouble.  Since no one knows that Laura is in the area, I don’t think there will be any problem, but I’m going to sleep in the hall by her door just to be on the safe side.”
By the next day, Laura had settled into a quiet routine.  She sat in the room or in the courtyard sewing when the weather was good.  Mingo often came and sat near her in the long afternoon.  Sometimes she paced nervously.  “I hate the waiting!” she sighed.  “I’m just so afraid something bad is going to happen.  I’ve been so happy with Jason on the Sea Dog.  It seems too wonderful to be true.”
“Keep up your faith, my lady,” Mingo encouraged.  “You have right on your side.  Jason is a brave man and a wise leader.  Sir Robert and Raymond have fought many battles.  With God on their side, they will surely prevail.”
“You’re right, Mingo.  I’m sorry I complained, but I feel so useless and so helpless.  Just waiting here not being able to do anything to help is so hard.  I wish there was more I could do to help.”
“Just keep yourself safe, healthy, and beautiful for Jason.  He’ll have our hides if anything should happen to you,” Mingo said.
“Mingo, you are so good to me!  What would we have ever done without you and the others from the Sea Dog?  Is she anchored off St. Valery now?” Laura asked.
“They are sailing to meet us there.  I imagine they’ll beat us to St. Valery and may even now be toasting each other at the tavern near the cove where we first saw Jason.”
As the afternoon faded into evening, Laura said goodnight to her guards.  Mingo stretched out on the bench near Laura’s door.  Harpy and Jacques finished their tankards of ale and retired to their rooms.
The night was still oppressively warm in Laura’s room.  She wished for a moment that she could be back on the Sea Dog again, feeling the cool ocean breeze blowing against her face.  Laura had barely settled on the small narrow bench near the narrow window that faced the inner garden when she heard sounds in the hallway close to where Mingo slept.  She jumped up, and rushed to the door.
Mingo’s voice rose in an angry shout from the other side of the closed door.  Pulling it partway open, she looked out to see three heavily armed men surrounding Mingo.
Mingo bellowed in rage, “Stay back.  What do you want here?  You shall not disturb my lady!”
“We’ve come for her.  We mean you no harm,” Marko, one of Arnulfo’s guards answered.  “Stand aside or suffer the consequences.  All we want is her.  Move away and you will not be harmed.”
“You’ll get to her over my dead body,” Mingo shouted angrily.
“That’s your choice.  Arnulfo will pay us the same for her whether we kill you or not.  We’ve already taken care of the other two.  Give up now.  Why make trouble for yourself?”
Mingo cursed, “Never!”  He grabbed the bench and struck it against the wall knocking off the legs.  Swinging it like a club and bellowing, he charged forward towards them.  Catching one of them on the shoulder, the force of his blow smashed him into the opposite wall.  He staggered a few steps, fell to his knees and grabbed at his arm which dangled limply at his side.
The other two men lunged forward, knives drawn.  Mingo swung the bench at them, and they ducked backwards.  Before he could swing again, one rushed forward, his dagger slicing Mingo’s shoulder as he spun away.  Blood began flowing down Mingo’s shoulder and arm in an ever widening circle of crimson.
Laura gasped and clutched the door jamb in fear.  She looked frantically around the room for something she could use to defend Mingo and herself.  She grabbed a heavy metal candlestick.  Mingo saw her and shouted, “Stay back, Laura.  Protect yourself.  God forbid me if any harm should come to you.  Save yourself.”
As Laura hesitated, the two men rushed forward, forcing Mingo against the wall.  The bench flew out of his hand by the collision.  Summoning all his strength, Mingo shoved them away.  As he rushed forward, the third attacker grabbed a leg from the broken bench.  Grasping it in his one useful hand, he jumped forward and crashed it down against the side of Mingo’s head.
Laura screamed as Mingo crumpled to the floor.  The other two rushed forward and kicked him viciously in the ribs.  When he did not move, they turned him over to be sure he was unconscious.
Laura darted back into her room and tried to shut the door, but one of the men lunged forward and shoved it open. The force knocked Laura across the room.  Stumbling against a small stool, she tripped and fell backwards, screaming in terror just before she felt a sharp thud and blackness swallowed her world.
Quickly they gathered her things together, wrapped a thin cover around her body, and carried her out of the room.  They shoved Mingo’s still body out of the way before they rushed down the hallway to their waiting horses.  They tied her body across the saddle of the extra horse and galloped off into the blackness of the night.
“We shall have our reward by midnight!” Marko, their leader, exclaimed as they spurred their horses along the highway towards St. Valery.
Within three hours of steady riding, they approached the outer gates of St. Valery.  Arnulfo rewarded them generously once Laura had been deposited into her old room and was safely locked inside.
“Now I have them right where I want them.  All I have to do now is wait,” he crowed with an evil laugh.
Harpy and Jacques rushed down the hallway towards Laura’s room.  As they rounded the corner, they spotted Mingo’s body sprawled on the floor.  Harpy reached him first, with Jacques close behind.  They turned him over with an angry oath at the sight of his blood-stained shirt.
Putting his hand on Mingo’s chest, Harpy shouted, “He’s alive, Jacques.  Get something to stop the bleeding while I check on Laura.  By God, let’s hope she’s safe.”
Pushing into Laura’s room, Harpy quickly looked around.  A heavy candle stick lay on the floor near a small footstool that had been overturned.  Other than that, the room was empty.
“Laura!” he shouted.  “Where are you?”  He ran out of the room, still shouting loudly.  Other doors opened cautiously, but no one answered.  He pushed the doors open, searching frantically for her.
Jacques grabbed the material Laura had been sewing, poured water on it, and began pressing it against Mingo’s shoulder.  He ran his hands swiftly over Mingo’s limp body searching for other wounds. Finding a large lump on the back of his head, Jacques took another wet cloth, wiped Mingo’s forehead, and called his name.
With a low moan, Mingo moved his head groggily.  His eyelids slowly opened.
“What happened, Mingo?  Where’s Laura?”  Jacques asked anxiously.  Mingo’s eyes focused on Jacques’ face as his mind cleared up.  He struggled to sit up.  With Jacques help, he got to his feet and leaned against the wall.  
Harpy came running back to them.  “She’s not anywhere in this Inn that I can find,” he reported quickly.
“God help her,” Mingo moaned brokenly.  “Arnulfo’s men must have taken her.  I’ve got to get to Jason.  I failed him!  He trusted me, and I let him down.  We must hurry.”
“It wasn’t all your fault,” Harpy added angrily. “They got us as we went into our rooms.  It took us this long just to get free and find you.  We know you did all you could, but we were taken by surprise.  We thought she was safe, but they must have known exactly where she was.  Someone betrayed her presence here.”
“Let’s go!  Every minute Arnulfo’s men have her, her life is in great danger,” Mingo exclaimed.
After Jacques stuffed the wet cloth under Mingo’s shirt and tied a bandage around his shoulder to stop the bleeding, they rushed out, saddled their horses and galloped off into the night towards Jason’s camp.
Hearing a loud commotion outside his tent, Jason grabbed his sword and hurried toward the noise.  Robert and Raymond joined him as Mingo jumped down from his horse and staggered over to Jason.
“Mingo,” Jason shouted in alarm, “what’s happened?  Where’s Laura?”
“Forgive me, Jason, but Arnulfo’s men overpowered us.  When I came to, she was gone.  They must have taken her,” Mingo answered brokenly.
Jason stared at them in horror before he noticed Mingo’s bloody shirt.  “You’re hurt!” he exclaimed. “When did this happen?”
“Don’t worry about me; I’ll be all right.  About midnight, I’d guess.  It took time for the others to get free.  We rushed here as quickly as our horses could run.”
“My God, Laura’s in the hands of that monster!  I don’t know how, but we’ve got to get her back now, before he has a chance to hurt her again.  There’s no telling what that devil will do to her!” Jason cried, anguish pouring out of his heart.  “Why didn’t I forbid her coming?  If anything happens to her, oh, God, I can’t bear to think about it!”
Robert put his hand on Jason’s shoulder and spoke quickly.  “Don’t give up hope yet, Jason. We’ll all do everything we can to save her.  If we break camp now, in two hours, we can be at St. Valery.  We may even be able to catch them off guard.  They may not expect us to attack so soon.  Come, let’s get our plans and supplies ready.”
After a few minutes of planning, Jason said, “Father, I am going ahead now.  The rest of you can follow when you are ready.  I’ll try to get inside through the secret cave entrance.  I’ve got to get to Laura before Arnulfo harms her again.  If I can get inside, I’ll try to get the side gate open.  Bring most of the men to the main gate.  Send ten of our best warriors secretly to the western gate.  If we can breach the walls through the gate there, we may be able to stop Arnulfo without much bloodshed.  Right now, all I can think about is Arnulfo and what that devil might do to Laura.  I can’t stand waiting here.  If the Sea Dog is moored off coast, I will steal a boat and row out to ship.  Then I’ll go to the sea entrance to the cave.  May God help us rescue her safely,” he added.
“Jason, that’s too dangerous,” Robert protested, “but it just might work.  Wait for us to try it.”
“I have to do it now.  If he kills or hurts Laura, I wouldn’t want to live anyway.  I’ve got to get to her,” Jason argued excitedly.
“Just be careful, Son,” Robert added as he hugged him. “Arnulfo is treacherous and will kill you if he gets the chance.   We’ll get everything together and leave as soon as we can.  God speed and protect you and Laura,” he whispered, rushing to return to his tent.
Jason darted back into his tent and rapidly finished dressing and gathering his weapons.  Mingo followed him inside.
“Jason,” Mingo asked, “what can I do to help you?  I’ll never forgive myself if anything should happen to her, but I did try to stop them,” he moaned.
“I don’t blame you, Mingo, for what happened.  I should never have agreed to her coming this close to St. Valery with that devil Arnulfo still alive.  I know how much you love Laura and what a fight you would put up before letting anyone touch her;  I see you are wounded.  Get someone to help you.  I must leave quickly.  Once I get to the coast, I’ll have to find a small boat to get to the cave.”
“Let us come with you.  I am strong and fit enough to fight still.  While you find Laura, we will try to stop his guards and give you some cover if you try to escape with her.  Let me come with you,” Mingo begged.
“All right.  If you are sure you are well enough to ride hard and fight again, but we must leave immediately.  I can’t think of anyone I’d rather have on my side now that you, Jacques, and Harpy,” Jason added gratefully.
“Good!” Mingo roared.  “I have a score to settle with a couple of his men, also.  This may prove to be fun,” he added ominously.
Fresh horses were waiting when Jason and his men walked outside.  Mingo, Jacques, Jason, and Harpy quickly mounted, turned their horses, and galloped off towards the coast road long before the first gray light of the approaching dawn began to filter up into the eastern sky.
Soon they found and took a small boat and began rowing rapidly towards the Sea Dog which was anchored a half mile off shore.  Once on board, they gathered together weapons and tools they might need to break into the secret passageways.  Most of the crew armed themselves, ready to fight by Jason’s side to save Laura.  Jason cautioned them that they must be silent.  Surprise was their main advantage.  He drew a rough plan of the castle and told them what they must do.
“Mingo, take one group and go to the main gate.  Try to force it open so the bulk of our land troops can enter.  Harpy, you and your men will go to the side gates. If we can breach their walls, we have a chance of succeeding.  Once inside, I will search for Laura and bring her to safety.  If anyone approaches you, declare you fight for Robert and Jason, rightful lords of St. Valery.  Some may yield and not fight for Arnulfo.  I don’t want anyone hurt, if it can be helped.  Good luck and God speed, my friends.  I pray we are successful and get to Laura in time!”
Chapter 23
It was well past midnight when Marko, Arnulfo’s new Seneschal and Head Guard, came to summon Anne to Arnulfo’s chamber.  She bundled up Conan and dropped him off with Carol, the cook’s daughter.  He was still sleeping when she laid him in the small cradle in Carol’s room.  Since it was so late, Anne said she would come for him in the morning.  Smiling at the sight of his cherubic face, she bent to kiss him softly before she hurried out.  
Marko was waiting for her in the hallway outside Carol’s room.  “Better not keep him waiting tonight.  He’s in a strange mood,” he said with a knowing laugh.
Anne shuddered and looked up at him with a blush.  “Isn’t he always in a strange, foul mood?” she muttered angrily.
Marko laughed.  “He is a man of dark humor,” he admitted with a laugh.  “If you were my woman, I’d treat you different,” he leered suggestively.
Anne glanced at him, her eyes drifting down to his belt.  At the sight of the massive key ring he carried on his belt since the old Seneschal’s arrest, she looked up at him and smiled coyly.  “Do you have any idea how much I wish I were yours or how long I’ve admired and wanted you, Marko,” she said softly, looking down with a guilty blush as he turned to stare at her.  Anne could almost feel his eyes travelling down her body.
He reached out, touched her arm, and forced her to stop.  Staring at her flushed face, he turned her towards him.  “What are you saying?” he asked suspiciously.
Anne stammered, “Please forgive me.  I  shouldn’t have said anything  Please don’t tell Arnulfo.  It is just my fear and loneliness, my desire for you that made me so bold.  How could I expect a man like you to understand my longings?  You are so strong and powerful, you can have any woman you desire.  I am only a weak, frightened woman.  I fear I shall die without ever feeling a strong young man’s arms around me or know the joy of bedding the man I love,” she sighed sadly.
“Why do you tell me this?” Marko asked.
“Don’t you understand?  You are the man who fills my lonely dreams at night, the one I long for, the man I dream of being with when Arnulfo takes me.  Arnulfo is a cruel, vicious, old man. He has taught me well how to satisfy all his lustful desires, but he leaves me empty and unfulfilled as a woman.  Just one time before I die, I want to feel a real man in me,” she moaned hoarsely.
Marko stared at her, lust and desire written on his face as his eyes rested on the outline of her full breasts clearly revealed beneath her sleeping gown.  “I didn’t think you liked me,” he said quietly.  “You always act cold and unfriendly to me.”
“Marko, do you think I would do anything to put your life in danger by openly showing what I feel about you?  I couldn’t survive if my loving you ever brought you any pain or trouble. He would think nothing of destroying anyone who gets in his way or takes something that belongs to him.  He doesn’t really care about me, but I belong to him.  Do you think he’d allow anyone else to touch me?  If he thought we were lovers, both of us would suffer terribly or die.  I’ve had to guard all my words and actions because I was afraid he’d guess how I feel about you.  I have loved you from a distance for so long,” she sighed, “but I was too afraid to tell you.  Now I am so lonely and scared.  I knew I had to speak now, or I would never have the courage to tell you.  If Arnulfo’s plans fail, I am sure to be killed as a traitor because I’ve been his woman and bore his son.  If he succeeds, he’ll keep me until he tires of me, and then he will get rid of me.  Either way, I’ll never know love.  That bothers me more than the thought of death.  Loving you and never being able to give myself to you has been a lonely living hell,” she cried sadly turning away.
Marko took her arm and pushed her ahead of him into the deep shadows.  He stared hungrily at her, undressing her with his eyes.  He pulled her roughly against him.  His body crushed her against the wall as he savagely kissed her mouth.  Anne reached up and held him close as her lips were forced apart by his insistent tongue.  His hands roved possessively over her body, and she trembled at the strength of his desire.
“Oh, Marko,” she moaned as their lips parted.  “I don’t care about anything else.  I want you so, but not this way.  If I can put Arnulfo off, will you come to me in my chamber tonight before the first morning call?  I want to feel all of you with no rushing, no holding back.  I want to give all of my love and body to you,” she whispered eagerly against his ear.
“Now,” he demanded fiercely, squeezing her breast.
“Arnulfo will find out if I am late in coming to his chamber.  He would know by my face and by my body that something had happened.  It is too risky.  Please, be patient, my love.  I’ll find a way for us to be together tonight.  I promise you, Marko, it will be worth the wait.  There is so much I long to do to you,” she cooed seductively.
“You’re right.  There’s not enough time, and this is too public a place for what I’ll do to you,” he growled as he slipped his hand into her gown and stroked her breast.  He laughed as he felt Anne’s body trembling at his touch.  “Just wait until I have you in bed.  I’ll make your body come alive!”
Pulling herself away, Marko led her down the hallway toward Arnulfo’s chamber.
“After you are dismissed tonight, go to my chamber and wait for me.  I’ve hidden a bottle of his best liquor that you like best beside my bed, just in case our meeting should happen.  I’ll come to you as quickly as I can.  By the time you’ve finished your first drink, I should be rushing back to your arms.  I have a plan to escape Arnulfo’s desires tonight.  Somehow, Marko, I will come to you tonight,” she whispered.
“Don’t keep me waiting too long,” he added impatiently as he stopped in front of Arnulfo’s door.  Anne pushed it open and hurried inside.  “My Lord” she cried as she entered, “something is wrong with Conan, but I came as quickly as I could.  Conan is ill.  I had to fetch Carol to watch him, but she is so young, and she doesn’t know how to tend a sick babe,” Anne sobbed.  “He’s never been this sick before, and it tears my heart apart seeing his flushed face and hearing his labored breathing.  I know you’d never forgive me if anything happened to your son,” she continued in agitation.
Marko, still standing by the open door, heard her lie about Conan, but he kept his face from showing his surprise.  Arnulfo looked at her face and saw her nervousness.  “That will be all tonight, Marko,” he called.  “Remember my instructions are to be followed completely.  None of the outer gates is to be opened tonight for any reason.  No one comes in or leaves St. Valery without my permission.  They should attack before noon.  What a painful welcome we have arranged for them,” he laughed.  “Make sure the troops are armed and ready to fight.  The walls must be held at all costs.  They will die trying to reach Laura, but there is no way they can succeed if the walls hold.  You and your men did a great job last night!  Your boldness at capturing Laura and bringing her here will force them to act too quickly to be prepared for the kind of reception I’ve planned.  I shall have my revenge on all of them.  Go quickly.  Dawn will be breaking in a few hours.  Enjoy your reward for bringing Laura here!”
“I am at your service, my Lord.  I go to carry out your commands,” he said quickly.  As he closed the door, he looked back at Anne.  Since Arnulfo’s back was towards her, she smiled and signaled him with her eyes, silently mouthing the words, “Meet me, my love.”  Marko smiled and hurried out of the room.
Arnulfo reached out and dragged Anne into his arms. She looked up at him, tears in her eyes.  “Please, my Lord,” she begged, “let me go tonight and tend our sick child.  He is so tiny and helpless, and I am so worried about him.” 
He squeezed her closer and looked at her full lips as he bent to kiss her.
“Arnulfo,” she sobbed.  “Last time I came to you, I learned what joy giving myself to you without holding back can bring to both of us.  I want to always make love to you that way.  Grant me this one favor, and I shall come to you the next night and do anything you ask, anything at all, my dearest Lord.  I want my heart and mind and body to be totally with you when we make love.  Right now, because of my fear for Conan, my mind is only half with you.  The rest is with our son.”
Arnulfo felt her trembling and saw tears flowing down her cheeks.  He laughed triumphantly at her surrender.
“You can afford to be generous with me tonight, because tomorrow you will possess all of me, and I will love you and please you more because of it,” she sighed.
Arnulfo stared into her eyes as she plead with him.  “Anne,” he sighed, “I will grant your request tonight, but tomorrow you will feel me in new and deeper ways.  I will teach you new ways to satisfy my desires,” he added with a suggestive laugh.  “Besides there are other things I can do between now and tomorrow night that will make your total surrender to me even richer,” he added ominously.
Anne trembled at his tone.  “What do you mean, my Lord?” she  asked.
“There is the matter of revenge.  I swore I’d make them all pay.  Tomorrow morning, I shall take the first step in my plan.  How delightful and ironic that will be!  As they are preparing to attack to rescue Laura, I will take her.  Laura will be mine, but only for the joy of making her pay with her body for my disgrace with Gerard.  Think how Jason will suffer knowing I have possessed his bride!”
“My Lord,” she gasped in horror.  “Please, don’t do this.  I .. I..don’t want to share your maleness with anyone.  I  want you all to myself,” she stammered blushing scarlet.
Arnulfo’s laugh boomed out across the room.  “From anger and hatred, you’ve become a jealous and possessive lover.  Don’t worry.  With Laura, it is all for revenge.  In fact, the contrast will only make you more interesting and desirable.  Go now and care for Conan.  I’ll let you rest tonight.  Tomorrow my thirst for revenge will be satisfied by her, and my lust will be sated by you.”
“Thank you, Arnulfo.  Tomorrow you will know how grateful I am for this,” Anne said as she hurried away before he could change his mind.  As she rushed down the hallway towards her chamber, she prayed softly, “Let Marko be there.  Let my dreams and plans come true.”
The door to her chamber was shut when she arrived.  She quickly pushed it open and entered.  “Thank God, you are here!” she exclaimed when she saw him, a half full drink in his hand, sitting on the divan.  “I was afraid you might change your mind and not come to me.”  She hurried across to the divan.  “I need a drink, too,” she sighed.  She refilled his glass then moved quickly across the room.  Retrieving a small glass she tipped the filled the glass.  After putting the bottle on the table, she lifted the glass to her lips.  “to us and a night of lovemaking,” she said before she touched the glass to her mouth.  “Finish quickly, Marko, then come to me.  I want you so much,” she said as she quickly put the still full glass down on the table.
Marko, seeing her remove her robe, drained the glass with one gulp.  He put the glass on the floor.  Standing up he unfastened his belt.  As he started to put it on the divan, Anne spoke urgently.  “Please, lock the door, Marko.  I don’t want to be interrupted all night.  I want you all to myself,” she crooned.
He carried the massive key ring over, found the right key and swiftly locked the door.  Turning, he saw Anne moving towards the bed.  As he watched, she started unlacing her chemise.  He stared at her, his eyes flashing at the slow sensual way she smiled at him as her hand slowly released the tension of the ribbons holding her gown on her shoulders.  She seductively began sliding the soft green material off her shoulders.  Anne stared at his face, watching him gasp in delight as first one full breast then the other appeared.  His breathing became ragged, and his eyes were devouring her as she let it slowly glide down her body.  By the time it reached her waist, he had pulled his robe over his head and tossed it on the divan. As it reached her thighs, he fumbled with the catch on his shirt.  He groaned with an animal desire as it dropped to the floor by her feet.  He started to move towards her, but she stopped him with her words.
“Please, Marko, let me watch you undress.  How long I have dreamed of this moment.  Let me see what a real man looks like,” she moaned softly.
As he pulled the last of his garments away, she cried softly, “Oh, my love, you are stronger and more manly than I dared dream.  You look good enough to eat.  Will you let me feast on you tonight?” she asked playfully.
Unable to control his rising desire, Marko staggered across the room.  Anne dodged out of his way and playfully pushed him down on the bed. He fell across it with a laugh.  “Come here, you little vixen, and mount me.  I’ll give you the ride of your life.”
“First you must catch me,” she teased, “but I promise to be worth the chase.”
He struggled to stand up.  Moving quicker than Anne expected, he lunged forward.  His hand clamped around her wrist, and he pulled her roughly against him.  As their bare skin met, he grabbed her breast and leaned heavily against her.  His mouth captured hers.  As he forced her lips apart, she felt him swaying against her.
“Marko, lie down so I can give pleasure to you.  This will be a night you will never forget!” she vowed pushing him down onto the bed.  
His arms were still locked around her, so she tumbled down on top of him.  He rolled over onto her with the weight of his body pressing down on her   She felt his hand stroking and exploring her body as they moved rapidly down to her thighs.
“Soon you’ll feel all of me moving inside of you,” he slurred.  As his hands pushed her legs apart and his hand moved inside her, she felt his body shudder convulsively.  He gasped for air; then his head rolled to one side. He collapsed limply across her body with his hand trapped inside her still touching the warm moistness of her maidenhood.
With a shiver of disgust, she twisted away from his body.  Shuddering violently, she looked down at his lifeless body.  “Just in time!” she sobbed.  “I put enough poison in that bottle to kill a horse.  Thank you, God, for saving me from feeling his body in mine.  How hard it was to speak words of love to that devil, but I had to get his keys.  By tomorrow night, Arnulfo will be captured or I will be dead.  I must hurry before he gets to Laura.  I’ve got to find a way to stop him,” she cried.
She quickly dressed, tied and gagged Marko (although she was sure he would never awaken and interfere with her plans).  Looking down at Marko, Anne sneered, “So it was you who brought Laura back to Arnulfo.  I’ve never killed anyone before, but, for your treacherous crimes and for bringing Laura back to Arnulfo, you deserve to die.  Live now and die later by Jason’s hands or now by my poison.  It no longer matters.  At last, with these keys, I will fight Arnulfo in my own way.  Too bad he is too cautious to be poisoned like you, but he deserves a slower, more painful death.”
Anne grabbed the massive key ring, Marko’s dagger which she hid inside her girdle and cloak, the jug of drugged wine and two glasses, and hurried to the door.  As she walked out of her chamber, she quickly locked the door and hurried noiselessly away.  The hallways were dark and silent as she hurried along.  At the door to the garden, she turned and rushed down the curving stairway to the dungeon.  When she reached the bottom, she saw two of Arnulfo’s guards lounging by the dungeon entrance.  They looked up when she approached, recognizing her as Arnulfo’s woman.
“A long ways from your room, aren’t you?” one asked darkly.  “Are you lost or just coming to visit us?” he asked with a low laugh.
“I’m only doing what my Lord ordered me,” she lied quickly.  “He sent me down to see the Seneschal and the other prisoners.  I have peace terms for them.  He seems to think I may be able to soften them up with wine and whispered promises,” she spat out.  “He said he needs to have them appear to be his allies or the other serfs may not follow his orders during the siege.  I hate doing this!  They are traitors and deserve to die.  Instead I’ve been sent to bring them his finest wine and words of friendship.”
“I thought he planned to kill them soon enough,” the younger guard muttered.
“He decided not until after the siege is ended.  We may need them as hostages if it goes badly.  Until then, I have to keep them happy!” she snarled.  “Here you two loyal men are stuck down here without anything to cheer you up, and I have to give his choicest liquor to those traitors!  It just doesn’t seem fair!” she hissed. 
“That’s the truth,” the older guard grumbled.  “We get all the dirty jobs.” 
With a devious smile, Anne laughed.  “I just thought of how we can get back at all of them.  I’ll let you have his best bottle and give them that poor excuse for ale that he sends you.  That way, you will all get what you deserve,” she added with a laugh.
The two men looked at her and joined her laughter.  Anne handed each one a glass and poured it out for them.  “Here,” she said, putting the wine bottle down, “I’ll leave the rest of this for you.  Now I’d better hurry and do his bidding, or he’ll skin me alive for being away so long.”
“How do we know he really sent you?” the older one asked suspiciously.
“I have his key ring.  I have his authority, and I bore his child.  Must I go back to him and report that you two refused to let me through to carry out his orders?  He will be furious if I have to disturb him about this,” she warned them ominously.  “Which cells are they in?” she asked and listened carefully for their answer.  
They waivered for a few seconds then stepped back and let her pass unmolested.  She heard them whisper as she walked passed them into the darkness of the dungeon hallway,  “We’ll be here when she comes back.”
“Yeah, if she’s up to anything, we’ll stop her then and punish her in our own way,” the other one said with a laugh.
Anne felt her way along the hallway in the dark recesses of the dungeon.  As she hesitated, she felt something move across her feet and scurry away into the gloomy darkness.
Stopping in front of a huge doorway, she called softly, “Kevin, Kevin, are you in there?”  She heard scuffling noises inside, and then a voice answered through the darkness.
“Who goes there?” a man’s voice called out.
“It’s me.  It’s Anne.  I’ve come to set you free.  Are the others all there, too?  There is terrible treachery and trouble brewing tonight, and I need your help.  She stopped as she heard other voices grumbling in the darkness.
“His woman,” one muttered. “Must be a trick.”
“Please hear me out.  If you won’t agree to help, I’ll have to leave you here and try to save Laura by myself,” she cried frantically.  “Please believe me.  I hate Arnulfo as much, no more, than any of you.  Kevin, you know what evil he has done.  Help them understand.  There isn’t much time,” she begged.
“She’s on our side.  I know she is loyal to Robert and Jason.  She has been badly abused and tortured by Arnulfo.  She has given me words of warning about what he was planning, and it proved to be very true.  Anything she says to me, I will believe.  I would stake my life on her loyalty,” Kevin swore, “and, I’ll fight anyone who talks against her.”
“Is the Seneschal here, too?” she asked.
“Yes, Anne, I’m here,” he answered.
“I have your key ring, but I don’t know which ones open the different doors.  If I set you free and give you the keys, will you promise to help stop Arnulfo?” she begged.
“We’ll do anything to stop that monster!” he swore. “What must we do?”
“Arnulfo has captured Laura and holds her prisoner in the tower.  Robert and Jason are massing outside to attack.  They’ll be slaughtered as they try to bridge the moat and climb the walls.  I know Jason’s love for Laura.  He will come to save her at the first light.  If we can find a way to open one of the gates and fight from the inside, we may be able to turn the tide of battle and stop Arnulfo once and for all.  Will you try to help them?  With you fighting from the inside, they have a chance of getting inside.”
“Let us out!  I have a score to settle with Arnulfo and the scum he’s brought into St. Valery,” Kevin cried.  “Are the rest of you with me or not?” he challenged.
Anne heard them all answer a firm ‘yes’ as she fumbled through the key ring.
“Find the largest, thickest key,” the Seneschal directed.  “It opens this door.”
When the door swung open, the men rushed out.  Kevin embraced Anne and kissed her soundly.  “For luck and tomorrow,” he whispered. 
The old Seneschal chided them, “We must be quiet.  Our greatest weapon is surprise.  We need to get weapons and then get the gates open.”
“What about the guards at the end of the hall?” Giles asked.
“They won’t bother you,” Anne said quickly, “and neither will Marko.  Those three won’t interfere with our plans tonight or ever again.”
Noiselessly they moved down the hallway towards the entrance to the dungeon.  Kevin kept his arm around Anne’s waist as they walked.  They stopped in the deep shadows as two of the younger knights crept forward.  Kevin’s hand reached out and gently caressed her face.  Anne was overwhelmed by the feel of Kevin’s body so close to hers.  She put her arms around him, and he pulled her closer.  Silently he kissed her hungrily.
“I love you, Kevin,” she whispered softly for his ears alone.  He heard and answered with a tighter embrace and a deeper kiss.
The sound of muffled chuckles drifted back to them.  
When they heard the approaching footsteps, they separated reluctantly.
“She’s right.  They are sleeping like babies,” Alan chuckled.
“Lock them in our old cell to be sure they are out of the way,” Kevin ordered.
“Please, give me the key to Laura’s old bedchamber in case I need it,” Anne asked quickly.   She took it from the Seneschal as the others were gathering up weapons.
Kevin took her hand in his and sighed, “Be careful, my love.  Arnulfo will be furious when he learns what you’ve done.  We must go now and try to help Robert and Jason.  When this is all over, we have some unfinished business.”
With a shiver, Anne looked up into Kevin’s eyes and understood what he wanted from her.  She trembled at the look of desire and love in his eyes.  “I’ll be waiting for you, Kevin.  Please take care of yourself.”
Anne waited for a few seconds after they rushed out, then she hurried up the stairs.  The sun was just beginning to rise as she reached the top of the stairway.  She looked out as she reached the top of the stairway.  She looked out and saw a faint golden glow in the sky towards the east.  She trembled violently as she thought about the day that was coming.
“If they fail, dear God,” she prayed, “help me stop Arnulfo before he can hurt Laura or anyone else.  If I fail, let me die quickly.  If he gets me alive, I know I will die a slow, hideous death.  Please,” she begged, “let his crimes finally be punished and stopped.” 
Chapter 24
The sun had not even peeked up over the distant mountains in the east when Kevin and the others lowered the longboats down into the gentle swelling waves of the sea off the coast near St. Valery.
Cautiously they rowed the loaded boats, each one carefully following Jason’s course and directions to finally ease, one by one, into the cave at the base of the cliff below the keep tower.  Jumping out, they quickly dragged the boats up into the darkness and secured them on the thick sandbar at the back of the cave. 
“Remember your orders.  Open the gates at all cost.  Fight, if necessary, but harm no one who surrenders.  God protect us and speed us all to victory,” Jason cried.
When the door to the secret passageway did not move against his shoving, Harpy and Jacques, two men built as solidly as oxen, joined him.  With a desperate heave ho, they slammed against the door and heard the wood splinter with the jolt it had received.  They rammed it again, and it fairly flew open.
“Follow me and be quiet,” Jason ordered.  “At the right moment, we will spring our surprise.  Hurry, men!”
Quickly and silently, they climbed the steps feeling their way through the gloomy passage.  Jason led them upwards until they began to see faint shafts of daylight shining through narrow slits in the castle walls.  He led them down the passageway towards the main gate.  After silently peering out, he pushed the sliding panel, and they noiselessly crept out into the deserted hallway.
Jason signaled the men to split up.  Each group moved silently towards one of the outer gates.  Jason stayed with Mingo’s group as it headed towards the main gate.  As they approached the entrance to the courtyard, the sound of angry shouting and swords clashing struck their ears.
“They weren’t supposed to attack for another hour,” he muttered angrily.  “Now we must hurry or the surprise will be lost.  Forward, men!”
Rushing around the corner, they stared in amazement.  A large band of heavily armed guards was being engaged in battle by a small, unlikely group of young men and one old, gray-haired knight.  Kevin immediately recognized the old Seneschal and his friends.  As they watched, he saw the small band was being forced back by the sheer number of Arnulfo’s men.
“They are our friends and allies,” Jason shouted. “To their aid!” he called.  Jason and his crew rushed forward with their swords and daggers drawn.  The Seneschal and Kevin spun around to try to protect themselves from the men approaching from the rear.
“Look out, Kevin,” Jason shouted.  “Behind you.”
Kevin dodged the guard’s lunge and swung his sword down across his back.  The man collapsed with a scream of pain then was still.
“Jason, is it really you?”  Kevin shouted while battling Arnulfo’s mercenary soldiers who still surged forward.  Jason and his men pushed forward and joined in the fight.  With their combined numbers, Arnulfo’s troops began falling back towards the great keep.
“Kevin, my old friend, it looked like you needed a little help,” he gasped as they fought side by side.  
“Force them away from the gates,” Kevin shouted.  “We have the keys.  We must get it open at all costs.”
“Mingo, you and the men go with Kevin.  I must find Laura before it is too late,” Jason called.
“She’s locked in her old room in the tower.  Arnulfo plans to rape her first and then kill all of you,” Kevin raged.  “Go to her!  We’ll force the gates or die trying.  Good luck and God speed, Jason.”
Jason swore angrily and dashed across the courtyard towards the grand keep tower, fear for Laura’s safety making him run even faster than normal. “By God, if Arnulfo has harmed her in any way, I’ll kill him, but not until he has suffered for his crimes.  Please, God, let me be in time.”  Two serfs hearing the sound of fighting, leaped back out of his way, terrified by the look of fury on his face.
The first thing Laura was conscious of when her eyes opened in the gloomy stillness was a sharp pain at the back of her head and a soreness around her ribs.  When she struggled to sit up, dizziness swept over her.  She put her head in her hands and felt the bump at the base of her skull.
With a cry, the memory of the horror of seeing Mingo being attacked and falling flooded over her memory.  She looked around in confusion.
As her eyes adjusted to the dim light, she gasped when she recognized her old bedchamber.  “No,” she cried.  “I can’t be back here!  Not with him!  Not with Arnulfo!” Spasms of sobs escaped as she remembered Arnulfo’s evilness and his cruelty.
Forcing herself to stand, she stumbled to the door, but found it was locked and bolted from the outside.  She turned and ran towards the window.  Seeing the Sea Dog anchored off shore in the distance, she moaned brokenly.  “Help is so close and yet so far away,” she cried.  “The secret passageway!  But, where is it?  I must find it and get away from here,” she thought frantically.
She ran her hands along the walls, searching for anything that might help her escape. She trembled violently, never having felt such terror before.  Unable to locate the exit, she returned to her bed.  She sat huddled on the bed, her arms hugging her chest, rocking slowly back and forth as she cried.
With a convulsive shudder, she looked towards the door as she heard the bolt being lifted.  Laura’s breath stopped as the door opened and Arnulfo stepped inside.  She gasped and clutched at her neck, the scream frozen in her throat.
He closed the door behind him and smiled darkly at her.  Even from across the room, Laura could see the cold rage in his face.  He stared at her cowering form for a minute before his sinister laughter exploded into the silence.
“At last, the little bird who flew away is back in her cage!” he gloated.  “I knew someday I would find you and bring you back here! Here, where my disgrace began, I shall take my revenge.  I will get even with you and that cur Jason,” Arnulfo vowed.
Laura shuddered at his words.  She watched a twisted smirk distort his face as his eyes swept over her, taking in the full sight of her body and the loose golden cloud of hair that surrounded her face.
“You’ve grown more beautiful than before,” he sneered.  “That will make my revenge even sweeter and more interesting than I had imagined.  How long I have dreamed of this moment!” he declared ominously.
Laura clutched at her throat and gasped, “What are you going to do?”
He laughed again and shook his head in disbelief.  “Are you still such a child that you cannot imagine what I am going to do to you?” he hissed mirthlessly.  “I am going to take you by force or by fear, but, by God, I will have my fill of you.  You will pay for my humiliation with your body.  When I am done with you, no man will want what’s left.”
With three quick strides, he was across the room.  Laura jumped to her feet and tried to run, but his hand grabbed her arm and jerked her body back against him.  His hands moved angrily, possessively along her body.  She struggled with all her might to push him away, but he crushed her against him, forcing the air out of her lungs.  Panting for breath, she stopped twisting and looked up at him, terror etched in her eyes.
His hand caught in her hair, and he pulled her face up to his.  His mouth savagely pressed against hers, grinding her lip against her teeth until she tasted her own blood as the savage brutality of his kiss cut her lip open.  With his other hand, he fingered the top of her gown.  With a cry of triumph, he jerked at it, tearing it brutally away from her.  It split down to her waist.  His eyes dropped down to her partially exposed breasts, and he began pushing her backwards towards the bed.
Laura twisted and fought, but his grip never relaxed.  Using her hair as a golden rope, he pulled her backwards onto the bed, forcing her down with his body.  He yanked again and pulled the chemise away.  Laura screamed at the look of lust and anger on his face.
“No!” she screamed.  “Please, God, no!”
He laughed at her helpless struggles and stared hungrily at her golden flesh.  His hand was moving slowly down her body when she heard a scream from the doorway.
“Stop, Arnulfo.  You promised you’d leave her alone if I did all you asked.  Don’t do this!” Anne screamed as she rushed inside.
“Stay out of this, Anne,” he ordered.  “She must pay for my disgrace, and nothing you can say will stop me.  I told you this will not interfere with my desire for you.  Now go!  Leave us alone, or watch, if you wish.  Laura’s time has come.  Revenge will be mine! I will not be stopped,” he bellowed fiercely.
“No!  I’ll stop you, Arnulfo.  You devil!  You’ll not get away with this,” Anne cried, pulling Marko’s knife from her girdle and racing towards him.
Like a jungle cat, Arnulfo leapt off Laura.  He met Anne’s advance with cold fury.
“Anne,” he commanded, “put the knife down and leave us, or you shall suffer my wrath as well as Laura.”
Never, Arnulfo!” she spat out.  “Today you will die, or I will die trying to kill you.  Your castle is under siege right now.  Thanks to me and Kevin and his loyal friends, the gates will soon be opened, if they are not already open now, and you will be vanquished at last.  You are Satan himself, but you will not hurt Laura again.”
As she raised her right hand to drive the knife into him, he sidestepped quickly.  Grabbing her right wrist, he jerked her backwards against his body and held her prisoner with his strong left arm.  Anne screamed and kicked in rage, twisting and kicking back at him.  He tightened his left arm forcing the air out of her. With his right arm, he slowly twisted her right wrist towards her body.  Anne struggled as the knife turned towards her body, but the knife kept coming closer and closer.
“Drop the knife, Anne!” he bellowed.
“Never!” she screamed.
“As you wish,” he said callously.  With a sudden movement, he jerked her right hand into her stomach.  Anne screamed, looking down at the knife protruding from her abdomen.  She watched in shocked fascination as the blood began flowing out of her wound staining the front of her gown a deep crimson.
“Too bad,” Arnulfo swore as he pushed her away, and she crumpled to the floor.  “You did give me pleasure, but now I have Laura.  You were beginning to bore me anyway.”
As the knife entered Anne’s body, Laura began screaming hysterically.  Anne lay on the floor, clutching at the dagger.  Her mouth moving grotesquely as she twisted with pain.
Arnulfo stepped over her body and towered over Laura.  He reached out and slapped her full across the face.  Her head jerked backwards and blood trickled down her chin.  He laughed and pulled off his cloak as the door was violently thrown open, and Jason rushed in.
At the sight of Laura’s partially naked body and the blood running down her chin, his face paled and he shrieked at Arnulfo.  “Prepare to die.  I’ll see you dead for this, Arnulfo!”
“No, Jason.  It is you who will die right before her eyes.  I’ll let her watch you die, and then I’ll finish taking her body.  Soon all of you will be dead, except her.  She will be more fun for me alive,” he gloated.
Arnulfo grabbed his sword and spun towards Jason, hatred and fury in his eyes.  Swords flashed as they moved from side to side.  Laura pulled her gown around her and darted across to Anne’s side.  Dropping down, she dragged Anne off to one side.  She tore strips of cloth from her gown.  After pulling the knife out, she pressed the cloths against Anne’s wound, trying to hold the blood inside.  Anne’s eyes were glassy with pain and shock, but she smiled faintly at Laura before sinking back against Laura, her eyelids fluttering closed.
Laura looked up to see Jason and Arnulfo still fighting.  The room was too small for swords, so each drew his dagger as well, before tossing the swords aside.  Soon the two men were locked in close combat.  Arnulfo’s lunge caught Jason off balance, and the blade cut a jagged line on Jason’s arm.  With an animal cry, Jason flung himself at Arnulfo.  They fell to the ground and began wrestling, each trying to break through the other’s defenses and drive home the fatal blow.  Arnulfo grabbed Jason’s wrist and banged it viciously against the leg of the table, twisting it with all his strength.  Laura screamed when she heard the bone crack and saw Jason’s hand go limp, and the knife dropped out of his useless right hand.  Arnulfo held Jason pinned on the floor with the knife to his throat.  Jason’s right hand lay limp and useless at his side.
Arnulfo gloated, his eyes flashing angrily. “Well, Jason, revenge is sweet, indeed!  Although you don’t deserve it, I will be merciful and kill you quickly.  I have other more pleasurable things to do,” he laughed, “and it isn’t nice to keep a woman waiting.”
While Arnulfo spoke, Laura crawled across the floor towards Jason.  Silently she placed Anne’s knife into his left palm.  As Jason’s hand closed around it, she slithered back to Anne’s side.
“It looks like you win, Arnulfo,” he said quietly.  As Arnulfo laughed and raised his dagger, Jason plunged the knife in his left hand quickly into Arnulfo’s stomach.  He jerked it out and drove it again and again into his body.  Arnulfo staggered backwards, blood pouring from three gaping wounds in his abdomen.
Looking at Laura, Arnulfo cried, “You’ll die for this.”  He raised his dagger and lunged towards Laura.  Jason leapt across the space between them, knocking Arnulfo sideways.  He reeled backwards and staggered against the window ledge.  Jason pressed forward again driving the knife into his chest.  He smashed his broken right forearm against Arnulfo’s face.  Blood spurted from Arnulfo’s smashed nose.  When Arnulfo spun away, he lost his balance and tottered on the window’s ledge for a few seconds. Jason lunged for him again and watched as Arnulfo fell out of the window.  With a hideous scream, he fell down to the jagged rocks far below Laura’s window.
Jason spun around and dropped down by Laura who was holding Anne and sobbing.  He lifted Anne up and carried her to Laura’s bed.  As he lowered her down, her eyelids fluttered opened, and she smiled weakly up at Jason and Laura.
“My debt is paid!” she moaned. “I loved you both.”
Laura sobbed as she sat beside Anne.  Her hands trembled as they cut the bloody gown away and pressed clean cloths against her wound.  While they hovered over Anne, loud voices were heard charging down the hallway.  Jason grabbed his sword in his left hand ready to defend Laura and Anne when he saw the Seneschal, Kevin, Harpy, and Mingo charge into the room.
“The castle is taken!” Mingo cried.  “All we need now is to capture Arnulfo!”
“He is dead,” Jason said coldly, “but not soon enough for Anne, I’m afraid.”  He stepped aside revealing Laura bent over Anne’s still form.
“Stand aside, child,” the Seneschal ordered as he rushed over to the bed.  “Let me see how bad it is.  I will take care of her now.  Jason, you are hurt, too.  Let one of the men help bind your wounds.  Kevin, go to my chamber quickly and fetch my herb box.  Anne’s bravery and plan saved us all.  I’ll do my best to save her.  Hurry, Kevin!  She’s losing a lot of blood.  Go on, the rest of you.  There is nothing more you can do for her now.  Go see if there are others who are wounded.”
Chapter 25
Jason pulled Laura away, keeping his good arm around her shoulder.  Laura clutched at her torn clothes, still sobbing.  Once out in the hallway, Jason pulled Laura against his chest.  He stroked her hair and comforted her with his presence.
“Laura,” he asked in a strained voice filled with anguish, “did I arrive in time?  Had Arnulfo already…?”
Laura shuddered at Arnulfo’s name, but swiftly laid Jason’s fears to rest.  “You were in time to stop him, my love; but, if it weren’t for Anne’s bravery in delaying him, you would have been too late.  She was so brave, Jason.  She can’t die now,” Laura sobbed against his chest.
Kevin rushed past them to the Seneschal carrying the old man’s box of herbs and medicines in his hands.  When he looked at Anne’s pale face and still form, he couldn’t stop the tears from running down his cheeks.  He took her limp hand in his and held it, talking softly to her.  “Anne,” he begged.  “Please hold on.  Don’t die.  Live for your son Conan, for me, for us.  I’ll keep my promise.  I will take care of him and you.  Keep fighting.  You have to get well.  Arnulfo is dead now.  You have nothing to fear anymore.  You must live,” he cried brokenly.  “I love you.”
Robert and Raymond met Jason and Laura coming down the keep stairway.  They took Laura and Jason into the grand keep and began tending to Jason’s wounds.  Laura stayed close beside him while he was being treated.  Afterwards, she held him close and kissed him tenderly.
Mingo and the rest of the crew gathered around Jason.  When Kevin finished helping move Anne to her room, he quickly came and reported that she was still alive, but was gravely hurt.  He told Jason how the castle walls had been breached.  When they learned that it was all due to Anne’s bravery and cunning plan that the loyal forces inside the castle had been released, they were amazed at all that she had done to save St. Valery.  
“When we moved Anne back to her chamber, we finally figured out how she had ended up with Marko’s keys.  He was dead on the floor of her chamber.  A half-full glass of liquor, probably the same drugged brew that removed the dungeon guards, was on the table.  She must have tricked him into her room and drugged him.  He was dead when we arrived.  He was one of just a few who died in the castle siege.  If Jason and his men had not arrived when they did, Arnulfo’s mercenary guards would have beaten us back, and the gates would have not been opened.  Without that, many more of our siege forces would have died in the attack on the castle walls.  All of us, in one way or another, owe Anne a huge debt of gratitude.  I promised her before the siege began that I would take care of her and her son if I were still alive.  I intend to keep that promise.  If God is gracious, and He spares her life, I will marry her, and we will raise Conan together.  If not, I will raise him as my son.  Even though his father was a devil, he is innocent of that fact; besides, he is Anne’s child, and I will not let anyone harm him,” Jason declared.
“You don’t need to fear for his life, Kevin.  We also pledge to help in his care.  Neither Anne nor the baby chose Arnulfo.  Anne saved Jason and me from Arnulfo today, and she protected me with her courage while I lived here.  I love her, and I will also do all I can to help,” Laura said solemnly.
“She will be remembered as a brave hero and a very loyal friend,” Robert added.  “Come, friends, let us pray for her and for the future of St. Valery.  All honor and praise goes to God for letting us be successful today.  We need to rejoice that St. Valery is now free of Arnulfo’s treachery and control.  I will assume control of the barony for now, but I will relinquish that role to Jason as soon as he is knighted and married to Laura.  By their bravery and loyalty, they have earned the right to rule this land that they both love.  As soon as possible we will hold the knighting tournament and their marriage in the family chapel.  Following a short honeymoon, they will be sworn in as the new Baron and Baroness.  May God bless them in all that they do and may this Barony be filled with lover, peace, and joy,” Robert promised.
A few weeks later, when the Seneschal walked into the dining room, he was smiling.  He walked over to the main table where Jason, Anne, Robert, and Raymond were sitting.  He bowed low before them and raised his hand in salute to them.  “It is such a great joy to see you, my Lord Robert, home safely from the Crusades.  We salute you and thank God for your return.  What a blessing it is to have Duke Raymond sharing a meal with us tonight.  What a miracle to have Jason and Laura whom we thought were dead sitting here alive and well.  God has blessed this Barony with such lavish grace and mercy.  Tonight, I bring you more news of great joy.  With God’s mercy and Kevin’s devoted care, Anne’s fever has broken, and she is growing stronger each day.  Today, Kevin asked Anne to marry him, and she accepted his proposal.  It seems we will have two weddings to celebrate instead of one.”
“Why not have a double wedding?” Jason suggested.
“Without Anne and Kevin’s bravery, there would not have been any wedding for Kevin and me.  She has been like a sister to me; I would be so happy if we shared our special day,” Anne said.
“Tomorrow we will go and see if they want to get married when we do.  The wedding and the festivities are already planned for the end of this month.  Kevin was my best friend, and I would gladly share our wedding day with them if they agree,” Jason added.
Anne and Kevin were thrilled with the idea.  With the wedding set for the end of the month, Anne and Laura spent many days together sewing and talking about their futures.  When the day arrived, both couples arrived in flower decorated carriages.  The chapel was filled with friends and family members while crowds of people from the barony gathered outside the chapel to wish the two couples well.  After the vows were spoken, both couples emerged and led the procession into the banquet hall for the bridal supper.  Because Laura and Jason had talked so happily about their time alone on the Sea Dog, Anne and Kevin were eager to experience the sense of love and peace they had found.  After the festivities were over, Anne and Kevin rode off in the flower covered carriage to begin their honeymoon on the Sea Dog.  Mingo and the crew helped them into the long boat, and they were rowed the out to the ship.  During the two weeks they were going to be gone, Laura insisted that she and Jason would be in charge of taking care of Conan while they were away.
“We’ll take care of him for you while you enjoy your time alone together;” Laura explained  “I hope one day, we will have a baby  I will guard him with my life.”
“Relax and enjoy your time together.  When you return, you will soon be moving to your new home.  Learn how to love, laugh, and share everything with each other.  You are now married and will soon be ‘one flesh’.  May God bless each of you and your marriage,” Laura said when she hugged Anne as they climbed into the carriage. 
Two weeks later, Jason smiled warmly when he entered the chamber and saw Laura gently rocking Conan.  He walked over, knelt down, and kissed her tenderly on the cheek.  His hand rested lightly on her shoulder.
“Have you been holding him like that since I left you this morning?” he whispered with a soft laugh.  “You know that Carol would relieve you anytime.”
Laura looked up with a contented sigh.  “I know she’s taken care of him for Anne, but he’s so warm, cuddly, and cute.  I love holding him and feeling him so warm against me.  I hope our babies, if we have any,” she added with a blush, “will be as good as Conan.”
“You sound like his mother already, and you’ve only been caring for him for two weeks now.  When we have children of our own, will you spoil them this much?” he chuckled.
“No, probably more, my love, because they will be an extension of you.  I can’t hold you all night and all day, even though I’d like to,” she murmured softly.  She turned and kissed his hand as it rested on her shoulder and smiled up at him with love in her eyes.
“It was really sweet of you insisting on taking care of Conan yourself,” Jason said.
“After all Anne did to save me and her part in bringing about Arnulfo’s downfall, I could never repay her bravery,” Laura declared.  “Taking care of Conan is such a small favor.  He’s such a good baby,” Laura said gently kissing his forehead.  She stood slowly and carried him over to his bed.  After lowering him into it, she studied his peaceful face and sighed.
Jason gathered her into his arms and led her across the room.  He pulled her down on his lap on the divan.  After a few seconds, his embrace tightened and his lips gently covered hers.  Gradually his kiss deepened.  As Laura’s lips parted, her arms slid up around his neck, and she snuggled against him.
“I never dreamed I’d spend my honeymoon with you and a baby,” Jason grumbled playfully.  “I think I’m a little jealous of Conan’s being in your arms all day.  Since my father has turned control of St. Valery over to me, there’s so much to be done.  We’ve travelled all over the Barony.  All the people rejoice with us and are thankful that Arnulfo’s power has been destroyed.  The mercenary soldiers have all been driven away.  My dear friends on the Sea Dog have all been repaid and rewarded for their loyalty.  Mingo will be a good and just captain.  I’m glad they have decided to stop here and use St. Valery as their home base whenever they are nearby.  I’ll miss them now that they are sailing off again.  My father and I have been trying to correct the injustices Arnulfo committed.  I am glad to be at St. Valery again and see how happy the people are now, but I’d rather spend more time here in our room kissing you.”
“Be patient, Jason. You’ll have your turn tonight, my love.  I promise to make this up to you.  Remember, although we just wed a fortnight ago, we spent our real honeymoon on the Sea Dog.  We had several wonderful weeks together there, many beautiful, loving days and nights, I might add.  Giving Anne and Kevin some time alone together to let their love grow and develop without Conan’s needs interrupting them is so little to give them.  I thank God that she recovered as quickly as she did,” Laura declared earnestly.
“I agree, Laura.  I love you so much, but I was just teasing you.  You know I’d do anything to help Kevin and Anne.  We both owe them so much.  Their bravery and loyalty are without equal.  Although I love Conan as much as you do, I am glad for selfish reasons that they will return from their honeymoon today.  I’d like to start creating a son or daughter of our own.  You are so beautiful.  What a wonderful wife you are, and what a loving mother you will be!  I can hardly wait to start trying.  Your body and sweet nature drive me wild with desire and love,” Jason sighed huskily.
“Be patient a little longer, Jason.  We have our whole lifetime,” Laura said softly against his mouth as she kissed him again.
“The way I feel about you, Laura, a lifetime may not be long enough.  I love you so much,” Jason whispered against her neck as he gently caressed her breasts.
While they sat there lost in each other’s arms, Conan woke up.  Together they bathed him, dressed him in clean clothes, and carried him to the dining hall.  With many a happy laugh, they fed him and wiped his face clean.  Conan gurgled and cooed, enjoying all the attention.  They were still seated at the table, playing with him, when Kevin and Anne entered the room.  When Anne saw Conan, she hurried towards him.  “How are you, Conan?  Your daddy and I missed you so much!  You look like you’ve grown bigger since I left you.  I really missed you,” Anne gushed.
Laura jumped up and hugged Anne happily.  “You look so happy and rested.  Your face fairly radiates joy!”
“I feel like my heart will burst with joy!  It is so full of love and happiness because of Kevin,” Anne said, looking up at Kevin with tears of joy in her eyes.  “I love him so much, Laura.  I feel like my life just started when he took me in his arms and kissed me.  For the first time in my life, I know what the word love truly means.  Love is soft and warm.  It’s caring and sharing.  It’s just too exciting and beautiful for words alone.  Oh, Laura, I didn’t realize anything could be as wonderful as the time I’ve spent with Kevin,” she bubbled and then blushed at her own enthusiasm.
Jason, Laura, and Kevin laughed with her, overjoyed by the sight of her face and the look of love and happiness in her eyes.
Kevin bent down and kissed her joyfully.  “Who would have dreamed two months ago that I would be married to the loveliest, bravest maiden in the land, no disrespect to you, Laura, and that I would have a wonderful son to love, too.  As long as I can remember, even before Robert went to the Crusades, I think I’ve loved Anne.  I never thought I’d ever have the right to openly say “I love you, Anne.’  Now that I can, I want to shout my love and happiness from the rooftops.  I want the world to see the happiest, luckiest man in the whole world--me!” Kevin crowed.
Laura and Jason smiled and cuddled together, seeing the love they shared being expressed by their two dearest friends.
“We really do know how you are feeling, because Laura and I share the same feelings for each other.  When you have someone you love near you, everything is wonderful,” Jason stated happily.
“I’ll hate to see you leave St. Valery,” Laura sighed, “but you must be anxious to reach your new home.”  Laura smiled wistfully at Kevin and Anne.  “I really loved living at Tres Mortes as a child.  It is filled with many happy memories for me, but I have no desire to return to it.  My home is with Jason at St. Valery.  I can think of no one I love more or trust more to treat its subjects justly and kindly than you two.  For all you’ve done for us and suffered for my sake, Anne, it isn’t reward enough.  I know there are many kind and loving people at Tres Mortes, and I know they will love you as much as we do.  Please, even though we will live some distance apart, let us always be friends and visit when we can.  I want peace, love, and happiness for you both forever.  Take good care of her, Kevin.  She’s earned this time of happiness.  Anne, cherish Kevin and your child.  May God bless you both with all that is good!” Laura exclaimed.
A few minutes later, the two couples returned to their own chambers.  Jason pulled Laura into his arms and hugged her tight.  “Are you sure you won’t regret giving them your birthright to Tres Mortes?” he asked again.
“Yes, my love, I’m sure of that.  I’m just thankful that Duke Raymond agreed to the transfer.  All I want or need in this world to keep me happy is you and your love.  Wherever you are, that is my home.  Come, my dearest husband, let me start making up to you for the time I spent with Conan.  For now on, I am yours and yours alone.  Let me love you again,” she sighed as she pulled his eager lips down to meet hers.  She parted her lips and welcomed him into her mouth and her heart with total surrender.
He lifted her up into his arms and carried her to their bed.  They joyously caressed and kissed as their bodies were united in an explosion of passion and love.
Later, still locked in each other’s arms, Jason sighed and kissed her tenderly.  “Everything in our world is finally right.  There is nothing more that I need or want.  Your love changed my life from dreams of anger and revenge to a heaven on earth.  I love you so much, Laura.”
Laura snuggled contentedly against Jason feeling totally fulfilled and secure in his loving arms.  “I thank God for all my blessings.  We have so much to be thankful for, my wonderful husband.  I love you, too.”

Book Notes
All of the characters, situations, and plot ideas in this book are totally fictitious and are the product of the author’s imagination and are not based on any person living or dead.  The story was written strictly for the purpose of entertaining the reader.  Any resemblance to any real  people is purely co-incidental.

About the Author
Mary has enjoyed writing all of her life, but has just begun sharing her stories.  She has worn many different hats in her lifetime.  She worked as a church secretary and proofreader in a small weekly newspaper in California while in high school and college.  She taught for seven years before stopping to adopt her son.  While her son was growing up, she managed a camera store for three years and then worked ten years in a municipal court system in California as a courtroom clerk. Next, she returned to teaching at a boarding school on the Navajo Indian Reservation in Kayenta, Arizona, teaching there for two years.  She finished her teaching career teaching seventh and eighth grade special education students for fifteen years in Globe, Arizona.  After retiring in 2005, she moved to Oracle, Arizona, to be closer to her family--her son, daughter-in-law, and her three wonderful grandchildren.
She is active in her church and enjoys Bible studies and working with other believers.  In her free time, she enjoys playing canasta and hand and foot,  reading and writing, and volunteering at a local pregnancy care center.  Within the next few months, she is planning to publish more of her stories for your enjoyment.  Check back at Smashwords.com or at your e-book supplier to see if she has any new books you might like to read.


Other books by Mary Tribbey

(available at Smashwords.com and at some other ebook stores)

Secrets or Surrender
Fire and Ice
Some Lips Tell Lies
A Place Where I Belong

