

RHODES TO 
CRAZY
The Rhodes family series

Sebastian


By Carly Wakefield

Copyright© 2014 by Carly Wakefield
Cover Art by Olivia Grace Photography & Video
Models: Simeon Ballantyne & Mykaela Roxburgh
Smashwords Edition




Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, organisations and events described in this novel are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.



Dedication
I am dedicating this book to all of you who are taking a chance on me, thank you. To my family who has given full support and encouragement to help me realise my dream, I thank you with all my heart. 

Prologue

It was a glorious sunny Tuesday, not a day for the confinements of a treadmill and the air conditioning after being cooped up in the office all day. He wanted to feel the breeze and smell the world, bend with the curves.
Sebastian Rhodes was restless, bored even, which was ridiculous as business was booming. He hadn’t had a free moment of time for longer than he cared to remember. He worked, worked out, and worked some more. Even the social events seemed more like work lately. 
With over a mile already behind him, sweat saturating the t-shirt that clung to his flexing muscles, the aromas of the grass and its wild flowers flowing through his lungs, he took the curve in the worn grass path that began the assent. No iPod today to spur him on, he listened to the birds and the planes in the sky, like they were calling out for him to join them up there. His feet pounded on, the earth crunching beneath, the sky calling above, and … what was that sound? …Singing?
Not quite at his destination, he slowed his pace. Knowing the sound to be coming from his resting place, and feeling rather annoyed that this would not be the solitary expedition he had hoped it would be. It wasn’t as if he owned the place, it was a public park after all, but he had yet to be disturbed on his regular visits to this special place, his special place. He sighed, thinking how no place seemed to be without student infestation anymore, and how this particular student had just put a stop to him reaching his goal today. As the ground flattened off, Sebastian let his eyes roam the small opening to find the source of his annoyance. Easily located, she looked like a wild woman with waves of her long dark hair flowing freely in the breeze. She belted out the word “liiiiifffeeeee”, flinging her arms out wide, a camera in her right hand. The orange iPod in her left hand sent her head twitching to the left from the force of the over-zealous gesture, and the fact the earphone wire still connected her head to it.
“Shit!” she cursed bringing her arms back down, tucking the iPod away. She swiveled around to put the camera down and retrieve a sketchpad from a large canvas bag at her feet.
As she straightened, Sebastian admired the curve of her back. From her cinched -waist, to her full hips that she wiggled in time to her music, absentmindedly humming the tune. He watched as she seated herself on the grass and leaned over to sketch, the motion causing her tight t-shirt to ride up her back and reveal a peek of an intricate tattoo on the base of her spine, spiraling out and up. Much to his surprise, instead of the expected annoyance, Sebastian found his mouth twitching into the form of a smile as he stood and watched.
Stood? He realized then he had indeed come to a complete standstill, breathing heavily from the run and blatantly staring. Jesus, what must he look like? And, like she chose that moment to read his guilty thoughts, the woman stilled and looked like she was going to turn.
Sebastian froze momentarily, catching the profile of her face as she looked to the sky at a flock of birds flying above. His heart fluttered, like the wings of the birds, as they breezed by. The girl gave a small shiver and turned back to sketching the beginning of a beautiful sunset. With a swift kick to his own ass, Sebastian realized he had not yet been caught staring at this enticing female, and therefore needed to make a speedy decent of escape.

As Sebastian passed through the park gates, he remembered he had just fallen short of his target point for today. Normally, that would have pissed him off, but today his head was full of orange and pink sunsets, and long chestnut waves. Maybe, he thought, maybe I didn’t miss my target. Maybe I just found a new one.




Chapter one

“Come on Layla, you may as well get your money’s worth.” Jasmine laughed. She had sauntered in after Layla finished a feet-shredding Friday lunchtime shift. The last thing she wanted to do now was a yoga class. Jasmine had forced her to join a gym three weeks ago after she had complained about how unfit she was following a little expedition up a big hill for the ‘perfect sunset’.
“It’s yoga, not a run, and we get to meditate.” Jasmine said, “I brought your gym bag. I promise you will feel better after and more than ready for tonight.” she added, eyes twinkling with all the expectations of their first joint Friday night off in months.
Jasmine was Layla’s sister, best friend, roommate and rock. An aspiring dancer since she was four, she worked hard, knew exactly what she wanted, and was well on the road to achieving it. Layla envied her for knowing what she wanted and how she was going to achieve it. 
Layla’s problem was that she still didn’t know what she wanted to do with her life. At twenty-five, with numerous college courses under her belt, she should be well on her own path by now. But no, her little sister got the committed gene, while she got the fickle one.
They were both artistic souls, but Layla just couldn’t quite find the right outlet. Her current venture, much to her father’s delight, was photography. His father, Layla’s wonderful Pappy, had been a very successful photographer. Their family home was still wall-to-wall portraits of Layla and Jasmine growing up. Their dad, George Junior, had decided to only follow his father by name, not by profession. He had dabbled in a few different careers, before he joined the building trade. He learned fast and worked hard, having the vision of an architect and the hands of a skilled builder. Pappy had given him the means and the freedom to build his first big project. The project was a contemporary summer getaway for his parents to enjoy on their time off and future retirement. The place was set in some of the most idyllic English countryside, with natural water features and an array of foliage to keep even the most artistic eyes at ease. From that beginning, he had made a very successful business in his own right and made George Alexander Senior a very proud father.
The sisters had always been encouraged to follow their dreams, and although they had a comfortable upbringing, they were taught that they had to be able to support themselves in their own right. Their parents paid for classes that they took and helped with their apartment, but the rest was up to them. 
Layla worked in a nice Bistro called Di Novi’s. The hours were flexible, with day and night shifts to fit around her many courses and hobbies. Jasmine, on the other hand, had landed herself some small modeling contracts, was a regular extra on a few TV shows, and was already getting some paid dancing gigs. Somehow, she managed all of this around her grueling training sessions at the dance studio and working out. Layla thought her energy levels were beyond ridiculous.
“Okay, fine, but we are taking a taxi there. My feet are killing me.” Layla grimaced at the thought of a whole night trying to keep up with Jasmine’s endless energy. First meditation, then dressing up and vodka. Deep breaths, you can do this, she thought strolling through the back of the bistro to grab her jacket and handbag, hanging up her apron.
“Hey, Layla, you clocking out now? What a shift eh, bet you’re glad it’s over?” Gio, Layla’s boss, who also happened to be the owner’s son, asked as he sat at a small table going through the earnings from the lunchtime rush. He was friendly and not bad on the eyes, in an Italian kind of way. His parents had moved here from Italy when he was a small boy so he only had the looks not the accent. Jasmine always said was a shame as it would add to the appeal. She would flirt with him ruthlessly just to make him blush, knowing he had a crush on her. But then who didn’t have a crush on Jasmine?
“Was that Jasmine I heard? Are you two off somewhere nice?” he asked, looking straight through Layla to catch a glimpse.
“Yes, she’s come to drag me to the gym kicking and screaming.” she replied, rolling her eyes.
“Ahhh, well enjoy that and your night off,” he chuckled. “See you tomorrow night.” 
“Not sure I will ever enjoy the gym, but the night off is a guarantee.” she smiled, “Ci vediamo domani!”
“Ah molto buona, ciao Bella!” he waved as Layla left the room with a small chuckle. On quiet days, she had persuaded him to teach her some Italian. She’d said it was a thirst for knowledge, but really she just loved the way it sounded and wanted to know what him and his father would talk, or rather argue about, in their native tongue.
As the girls stepped out onto the street, Jasmine elegantly hailed a taxi like it was part of a dance routine.
Pulling up to the gym ten minutes later, Jasmine’s enthusiasm had rubbed off enough for Layla to look forward to their yoga session; especially the meditation part. 
“A lot of people fall asleep at that point, some even snore!” Jasmine informed her as they walked into the gym, “and if I catch you sleeping I am warning you now, you will have my foot up your arse.” she threatened. 
“Now come on, sis, you know I don’t snore. It’s the other end you’ll need to listen out for.” Layla laughed as Jasmine pulled a disgusted pout.
“You’re so gross Lay! Sometimes I think you should’ve been a boy!” They laughed together and entered the locker rooms.
Changing quickly, they grabbed their mats and set them out in the middle of the floor next to each other. Layla wanted to be close enough to see the instructor, but not so close that she could see herself in the mirrors that were directly behind. An hour and a half later, she found that she was actually feeling a lot better than when they had arrived, and grudgingly admitted so, much to Jasmine’s satisfaction. She even suggested they treat themselves to a sauna session, maybe even hit the Jacuzzi while they were here and really get their monies worth out of it. 
“I knew you would get into it!” Jasmine almost squealed with delight. She had been trying for years to get Layla to join a gym and treat what god gave her better. Jasmine was all about discipline, fitness and stamina. 
“It will serve you well in all walks of life you know.” Jasmine lectured, “Maybe even get you a little more focused.”
“Erm, excuse me but I have focus, in small bursts anyway, and I am sure when I find my forte I will be as focused and committed as you have always been to your dancing.” Layla pulled her tongue mockingly at her sister who replied with a raspberry blown back. They laughed and turned towards the sauna.
At 7:30 pm, they each emerged from their bedrooms dolled up to different degrees in killer heels and their own version of a fabulous outfit. Jasmine was taller at 5 feet 7 inches, with a body that could pull off making a trash bag look good. Long, supple legs, flat stomach and pert breasts, all of which she worked hard to maintain. She wore a figure hugging, above the knee, backless green silk dress with 3-inch black heels. Her shimmering blonde hair sleeked back into a straight but stylish ponytail. Her makeup consisted of thick black eyeliner that accentuated her big blue eyes, with just a touch of blush on her cheeks. In short, Jasmine was gorgeous; she just seemed to get all the good genes that had bypassed Layla’s own conception.
Layla’s 5 foot 2 inch curvier-self had her chestnut waves pinned up loosely at the back of her head, leaving a few tendrils escaping in a seemingly natural way. She also had a small amount of lemon eye shadow with a thin black line around her hazel eyes and a touch of pink gloss on her lips. She wore shiny black leggings, a long flowy pale yellow vest and a short black waistcoat that hugged the vest slightly to her small waist, letting it flow over her larger hips. Layla also donned her own black killer heels and finished them off by attaching a few small lemon buttons down the back of each shoe. Obviously, she was a sucker for over-accessorizing to the extreme. Each retrieved a glass of wine, part of the glamming-up routine.
“Let the drink be wet and the men be handsome!” Jasmine exclaimed. Layla “here-here’d” in response and they finished their glasses before heading out into the pleasant May evening. 
A short walk away from their apartment, they entered the Red Lion, a friendly kind of pub, homely and comfortable, with a diverse clientele of older and younger locals. Layla went to find a table while Jasmine went to the bar. Layla found a small table by the window and watched as Jasmine laughed with a nice looking guy at the bar. Within a few minutes, she returned with two drinks in hand, smiling at the man she left behind.
“Courtesy of the nice gentleman in the blue shirt.” Jasmine announced with another smile and dip of her head in that direction. Layla sent a smile over too, noticing the desperation in his eyes for Jasmine to return back to him. Knowing that would not happen made her feel a little guilty, but she took a welcome sip of her vodka and cranberry, determined she was going to enjoy this night to the fullest, even if it killed her.
It had never bothered Layla that Jasmine enjoyed having the attention of any man she wanted. That’s how it had always been. Layla was just out to have a few drinks, dance and let loose, and she certainly didn’t need a man to help with any of that.
After a second round at The Red Lion, they called a taxi and went straight into the city. Jasmine favoured the more pretentious bars, and as she’d won the bet about getting the first round paid for by a man, it was her choice where they went.
They pulled up outside Zenna fifteen minutes later. It was an up market place, with modern furnishings and contemporary lighting. Not really Layla’s taste, but it served alcohol and they were only staying for a few so what the hell. Again, Jasmine headed for the bar and Layla looked around for a place to perch, although most of the seats were already taken. Scanning the room, she finally found an empty ledged column. A few empty glasses left there indicated it was recently vacated.
Jasmine joined her a few minutes later with their drinks, accompanied by a few of her dancer friends. Jessie, Talia, and Layla’s favourite of her dancer buddies, Nico, who was flamboyant, openly gay and an absolute scream. This bar had just got a lot more fun!
“Tuh-whit, tuh-woo-oo!” Nico couldn’t whistle so always pronounced the words. He joked it was because of the extra camp gene he got.
“The men will be ‘laying’ at your feet tonight my fabulous Princess Layla.” He bowed dramatically, making her smile widen.  “How- the fuck- are you? Well other than stunning, of course. It’s been too long darling.” And with that, she was swept into an embrace and an air kiss placed next to each cheek.
“Why thank you Nico-larse. I am fucking fabulous now that you’ve arrived.” Layla smiled too sweetly at him, while he grimaced at the nickname she’d given him the first time they were out drinking. “These men laying at my feet; are they there because you and my sister have exhausted them first?” she asked adding her best pout. “I really don’t want anyone’s sloppy seconds and I would be seriously worried if yours were interested in me!” Nico laughed a loud his slightly girly, but hearty laugh. 
“Oh Layla,” he said once his laughter was under control and a semi-serious face had been resumed. “When will you realise that you are just as beautiful as your sister and neither of you will ever be as beautiful as me!”
With that the roaring laughter started again, slightly louder. Layla laughed with him; obviously she wasn’t as funny as him either.
A few rounds later, with tequila shots on order, they were getting quite rowdy and drawing disapproving looks from many of the people around them.
“Fffffftttt, let them look at usssss with thossse faces,” Nico slurred and gestured randomly towards no one in particular, “…they wish they could have fun like us!” 
Layla thought about shushing him, but she agreed so she just laughed as he twirled her under his arm and swayed her in time to the barely there background music. At that moment, Talia and Jessie arrived back with the tequila.
“Right, shot then shoot.” Jessie pointed a long slim finger at the shots then the door.
“I can’t be the only one itching for some loud music and a real dance floor?” she looked pleadingly at Jasmine. 
“Okay then,” Jasmine downed her shot, “Let’s get going while the going’s good. I think its 2-for-1 cocktail’s at Harlem,” she hissed slightly from the burn of the shot. They were all in agreement and seconds later their empty shot glasses joined Jasmine’s.
“I need to go to the ladies room. You guys find a taxi, but don’t go without me.” Layla wedged her clutch under her arm and turned on her heel as Nico’s arm landed around her shoulders.
“I will join you cara. I like the ladies room so much more than the mens’, which is ironic, don’t you think?” Nico chuckled at himself as the two walked through the doors towards the restrooms. He decided he would go to the men’s after all, and they agreed to meet back at the door that led into the bar. 
Layla was quick as she wasn’t one for reapplying make-up during a night out, except just a little lip balm. She glanced at her reflection as she washed her hands. Thanks to the flatteringly ambient lighting in the bathroom, she thought she still looked half decent, but then again it may be the vodka goggles she was now wearing.
After drying her hands she grabbed her clutch off the counter and heard her phone buzz.
-------------------------
Got a taxi, 
waitin out front
tell Nico to hurry
the fuck up!
Jazzy.XXX
---------------------------
Layla pushed the door open with her bottom, while replacing her phone into her bag. Quickening her pace, she glanced up as she stepped into the hallway and came nose to chest with an expensive black shirt. Her eyes shot up and were caught, along with her breath, as she looked into the most vibrant sea blue eyes she had ever seen. She stood enthralled for a moment by the beautiful blue eyes, framed by thick black lashes and strong straight brows, until she felt the heat rise up her neck and into her cheeks.
As her embarrassment took over, she raised her hands to cover her burning face and in the process, dropped her bag. Composing herself and cursing internally, she pulled her hands down to her side, ready to apologize, but his face was centimeters from her own. She could feel his warm breath caressing her neck.
“I believe this is yours.” His voice was deep with a slight growl. It sent shivers of pleasure through Layla, along with the musky male scent she inhaled with every short, sharp breath she took. Her inner voice was screaming at her to get a grip! The man smiled, then straightened and brought the caught clutch between them. As he was no longer so close, she was able to speak.
“Yes, thanks, sorry.”  Layla was all breathy and barely audible as he continued to smile down at her. He was gorgeous and she was making a huge fool of herself. As she took the bag from him, he grazed his fingertips along hers and it shot a tingle all the way down to the palm of her hand. 
“I-” he was cut off.
“Hands off, Superman, this bitch is mine!” Nico snaked his arm possessively around Layla’s waist and ushered her through the doors, out towards the waiting taxi. The fresh night air hit her like a slap and she finally came out of her stupor.
“Did you see the reflexes on that guy? He was like something out of X-Men, and totally hunksome!” Nico seemed to be as taken as Layla with this sexy stranger. 
“What’s hunksome?” she asked him as they entered the taxi.
“Well, it goes beyond handsome and borders on hunky. You have to see them shirtless before you can give a true hunk status.” He looked perfectly serious as he said this. After all, rating men was always a serious business for Nico. Chatter continued between the friends on what constituted a ‘hunk’ until the car pulled up outside the club.
Embarrassing encounter and talk of hunks put aside, the group got into full swing. The drinks flowed and the music pounded around the place as they all took to the dance floor. Talia and Jessie pulled out a few slightly choreographed routines for the fun of it and gathered quite a bit of attention. They disappeared around midnight attached to the arms of a well-dressed man promising access to an after-hours party they should definitely attend. (Layla’s inner voice hmmmed them, but then she reminded herself it was their life, so her inner voice went back to bed). Nico said his gaydar couldn’t make up its mind which team the guy was batting for, so he wished the girls luck with that. The rest of them got back to cutting up the dance floor without the other two. While Jasmine got chatted up by five different men; well, that they noticed anyway. Occasionally she threw herself their way for a twirl around and to tell the highlights of the bad chat-up lines she was being spoon fed for most of the night.
The prize for tonight’s worst went to the guy who thought, “Hey beautiful, is that a ladder in your tights or the stairway to heaven?” was an acceptable way to approach a girl in this day and age. Now, don’t get her wrong, a cheesy pick-up delivered in the correct way (a mean fete in itself), is always a winner. But when it’s accompanied by a near miss of a slimy grope of your arse, you know to shoot the guy down dead right then and there.
Nico received a promising text not long after from a ‘friend with benefits’ and kissed both Layla and Jasmine goodbye before skipping away happily, giving them the ‘call me’ sign as he left. The sisters ordered themselves a final drink and left before the harsh glare of the lights came on to indicate the end of the night and put on full drastic display the after effects of drinking and dancing. It also made it easier to grab a taxi home before the hordes descended to do the same. 
The evening had turned cool; Layla washed her face and changed into soft cotton pyjamas. After saying goodnight to her sister, she finally climbed into bed around 2.00 am. Her ears still rang and her feet throbbed but the night had been fantastic. Well, other than the slightly embarrassing encounter outside the toilets at Zenna.
Minutes later, she fell into a deep sleep, where she dreamed of striking blue eyes, lightning reflexes, and a world of trouble.



Chapter two

“FOR FUCK’S SAKE BAS! Get your head in the game!” Charlie roared at Sebastian. They were drawing 7-7 in the quarter final match of the five-a-side football tournament. The brothers played any time they were held and enough of them were in town for it. Sebastian and his four brothers made a pretty impressive team. Their cousin, Lucas, had been drafted in for a few tournaments when Charlie was on tour, but Charlie was back and in top form this year.
All the men were competitive and even more so as a team. Sebastian was their goal keeper and prided himself on what his brothers called ‘superhuman’ reflexes. He never usually allowed that many past him in one game. Charlie hung back in defense, never afraid to throw himself in the mix to stop an opposing scoring opportunity, but he couldn’t do everything and Sebastian was really beginning to piss him off with his lack of focus. None of them liked letting the team down. Sebastian shook off his distracting thoughts and focused fully on the task at hand, getting through to the semi’s with a 10-7 win. 
An hour later, the brothers collected their trophy and medals and headed for the car park. All five men still sweaty, they argued over who was first in the three bathrooms at their parents’ house. They were headed there now, for a regularly held family dinner. Joining their sister, Olivia, and Daniel’s wife Arianna with their twins, who had spent the day at Granny and Granddad’s being spoilt.
“You wanna ride with me to the house Danny?” Sebastian asked, having ulterior motives for his offer. Daniel was three years older than Sebastian and the only brother already settled down with a wife. He needed to talk and he knew his other brothers would tear him to shreds for this little distraction that had, more than once, almost cost them today’s title. 
“Thanks Bas, I was going to ask one of you lot for a lift anyway. Ari dropped me off here so she could take the car and I don’t fancy the rollercoaster ride of a lift Charlie gives.” Daniel and Sebastian walked over to Sebastian’s Audi. As Sebastian unlocked the doors, they heard Charlie shout, 
“Last one back gets the cold shower!”
Ethan and Charlie jumped in Charlie’s Blue ST and they hit the tarmac screeching out of the car park as Daniel and Sebastian got into the metallic silver Audi. Matthew followed slowly after them in his black VW Golf. Last born Matthew didn’t rush, he didn’t feel the need. He was cunning and ruthless, and armed with knowledge of a short cut that would get him home first and allow him to make a dent in the hot water supply before anyone else got there. He may even take an extra-long, extra hot shower to make sure more than one brother suffered the cold water. 
“So what’s up little brother?” Daniel was no fool. He could tell Sebastian had something on his mind before he started letting more than two goals pass him in more matches than either of them cared to remember. All of the men were proud of Sebastian’s record of fewest against goals for a team. 
“I swear Arianna’s ‘gift’ is rubbing off on you and it freaks me the hell out.” Sebastian knew Daniel had always been good at picking up on things but since he got together with his wife, it was becoming a little disconcerting how much they picked up on. 
Daniel laughed in response and repeated “Well…? You know I won’t tell the others so just spit it out. We will be back at mum and dads in ten minutes.”
“I- uh….shit, if I say it out loud it makes me look like a right dick…… fuck it, here goes….. There’s this girl-”
“No-fucking-way! It’s about time someone else went through this! All you guys gave me grief when I came home like this. Thank god mum finally popped a girl out with her last little boy. If it wasn’t for Livi I’d have killed all of you a few years ago.” Daniel looked over at Sebastian scowling out of the window at the road ahead. “Sorry, you were saying…?”
“Yeah, so a few weeks ago I was running in the park and this kind of crazy girl was on my hill-”
“Your hill?”
“Not the point.”
“Crazy how?”
“Crazy, singing out loud in public; crazy, wild hair flying everywhere; crazy, almost pulled her own head off with the earphones off her iPod.” He took a breath, “That was three weeks ago and I think some crazy rubbed off on me ‘cause after running into her again on Friday night I need to……” trailing off, still unsure of what he was about to say, he took a quick breath and continued, “…..find her.” he finished with an exasperated sigh.
“She’s only said three words to me and turned me into a wannabe stalker. There was just something about her.” He stared thoughtfully out the window as they sat at the traffic lights and continued,
“I haven’t chased a girl since High school and never one I didn’t already know! I don’t even know where to start. I went back to the park more times than I will ever admit to and never saw her again. I was almost over the whole stupid thing till Friday.” Putting the car in first, he made the left turn on to Highfield Road heading towards their parent’s house, and glanced sheepishly at Daniel. 
“Then she literally ran into me outside the bathroom in Zenna. I couldn’t believe my luck,” a small smile played on his lips, “not only had she appeared again, she was as close as you could get without actually touching. At one point I almost fucking kissed her, until some guy dragged her away.” he frowned, “I’m almost certain he was gay though and not her boyfriend.” He really hoped that was the case. 
“Part of me was glad he came, probably stopped me from making a complete arse of myself.” 
“So now what?” Daniel asked.
“I don’t fucking know. Like I said, I haven’t got a clue who she is or where to find her, that’s when I thought of you.” Daniel watched his brother squirm; no doubt squashing the embarrassment he would be feeling now. Daniel knew what was coming next. Sebastian shifted in his seat again, sighed and came to the point.
“I wondered whether you could ask Ari if she had some mystical insight into what I should do?” he gestured slightly with little waves of his hands. Not being the biggest of talkers, Sebastian was beyond uncomfortable asking this of his brother or his wife. But, he couldn’t deny that some sort of mystical happenings hadn’t helped them on their quest for true love. 
Damn his parents and brother!
They both had the kind of love you would find in romance novels or classic chick flicks. He had never hoped for a romance like his parents because he knew it was rare. That was until his big brother got himself a fucking fairytale come true too. When that happened and he had witnessed his ‘science rules the world’ brother fall hard for a mysterious florist by day ‘witch’ by night. Sebastian decided then, there might be a special someone out there for him too. 
He was never short of female admirers at 6 foot 1 inch, with a lean muscular build, darkest brown hair, and palest blue eyes. He was also confident and now very successful. From seventeen, he had indulged as much as the ladies would allow and they had allowed more than his fair share. At twenty-five, he had curbed the playboy ways when Daniel asked him to be his best man. Sebastian had stood in awe of his older brother as he said his vows and declared his love to his new wife in front of all their family and friends. It seemed to him brave at first but watching them that day, he could see it wasn’t bravery, it was meant to be. 
Not oblivious to this ‘meant to be’ ideal, his parents were a fine example, but not one he had witnessed first-hand. Hollywood had every known version of the concept spewing out several times a year and Livi had begged, bribed and guilted him into watching countless chick flicks over the years. If he had a choice, he hoped his story would be a rom/com, some laughs and nothing too soppy. As it looked, he was knee deep in mush already. 
By the time Sebastian had pulled his car into their parents’ drive, Daniel had become quiet. At this point, Sebastian had reached a new level of embarrassment.
“You know what? Forget I said anything, I was just talking stupid.” he tried for a light tone but it came out slightly sharper than he intended. 
“I’m just not sure what you want me to ask her?” Daniel offered with a slight shrug.
“To knock some sense back into me?” the tense chortle didn’t suit Sebastian. 
Turning off the engine, they grabbed their bags and exited the car. They were met by a whirlwind of pink and yellow cotton, baby blonde curls, and two identical sets of huge blue eyes with golden and green flecks.
“Daddy, Daddy!”
Twenty-month old, Isla and Eliana, were the first of the grandchildren their mother had craved as soon as Daniel and Arianna were married and they had everybody wrapped around their adorable little fingers. Daniel tossed Sebastian his kit bag and scooped up the girls from around his feet. He smiled at Arianna who leaned casually in the door frame with a loving smile on her serene face. Kissing both of his beautiful daughters, Daniel climbed the three steps to the porch approaching his wife. Sebastian followed with the bags sticking his tongue out at his nieces until Daniel leaned down to kiss their mother and the girls turned and kissed his cheek too. Sebastian caught himself wondering what it would be like to kiss his beautiful stranger. These thoughts were getting ridiculous. He shook it off and greeted his sister-in-law.
“Hey Sis, how’s the flower business?”
“Blooming.” she answered with a smile and placing her hand on Sebastian’s arm and added, “….we’ll find her.” with a small wink. 
He knew then he was on the road to Crazy Town.
The Rhodes family home sounded the same as it did when all the children still lived there, except now they were men and women arguing over hot water usage and who did what to whom. The sound of a slap upside the head was still regularly heard along with the playful sibling banter. 
Matthew had indeed arrived home first and used the majority of the hot water, almost scalding himself in the process. Minor burns were one of the many consequences of sibling victories. He was now lounging in the sitting room with their father, Oliver, giving him the tournament rundown. Sebastian left them to it and went through to the kitchen to find his mother. 
Elizabeth Rhodes was the quintessential mother figure. She was usually found in the kitchen when any or all of her children came over. Today was no different. When Sebastian walked in, she was mid-way through the final checks of their Sunday dinner. Her honey blonde shoulder length hair slightly disheveled from the steam rising from numerous pans of potatoes and vegetables on the stove. 
“Hi Mum, smells great in here.” Sebastian rounded the kitchen island and leaned in to give his mum a peck on the cheek and pinch a piece of the succulent roast lamb that stood on the counter. Elizabeth smacked his hand out of the way before he got near and he gave her his best sulky pout.
“I’m a growing boy, damn it. OW!” he got a smack upside the head.
“Don’t curse. Dinner will be ready in five minutes. Go wash up and tell the rest of the herd it’s almost feeding time at the zoo.” Her blue-green eyes sparkled with humour and love as she scowl-smiled at her son and sent him lovingly on his way.
Sebastian walked out of the kitchen calling the “FIVE MINUTE COUNTDOWN FOR DINNER!” repeatedly all the way through the hallway and up the flight of stairs. Charlie came bounding out of his old bedroom clean and hungry,
“Water ran cold as I was getting out. Suck it up Buttercup. You got an ice-cold shower coming your way!” Charlie gave Sebastian’s cheek a quick two-tap slap and descended the stairs double time. 
“Feed me woman! Ahhh, sorry Mum” Charlie’s voice disappeared as Sebastian closed the bathroom door behind himself. A cold shower may serve well; hopefully jolt him out of these ludicrous thoughts of chasing down strange women, well woman, singular. Why did Arianna have to indulge him without even being asked first? She was supposed to tell him to stop being a weird-stalker-type and… ah, who was he kidding? He knew she would indulge his new-found wannabe stalker tendencies. Yes, a cold shower was exactly the thing he needed to get back to reality. 
When Sebastian returned exactly six and a half minutes later, the food had been plated and the family was seated. The first few minutes of Sunday dinner were always pleasantly quiet as everyone tucked in and savoured the delicious meal.
“Sorry dude, we couldn’t wait. We would’ve died of starvation by now.” Ethan managed to say between the vast amounts of food he was shoveling in his mouth. A good appetite was a true Rhodes trait; even Olivia had a generous portion, stocking up the calories it took to work as a busy A&E nurse.  Elizabeth’s roast dinner was definitely a hit all round. After all the men had gone back for seconds and the plates were cleared, Oliver leaned back in his chair at the head of the table, rubbing his swollen stomach.
“Woman, you make a mean lamb roast,” he said with a smirk, “now what’s for dessert? Us boys are wasting away here.” he glanced around the table as his sons joined in, with more pleas of ‘growing boys’ and ‘wasting away’. Olivia returned a minute later with a home-made apple pie and a large tub of vanilla ice-cream, placing them in the center of the table.
“Have at it heathens!” with that she stabbed a serving knife into the center of the pie and escaped to the safety of the kitchen before things got too rough. Knowing their mother always baked two pies, one for the men to fight over and one for people who could behave civilized. 
There was a bang from the dining room and roars of laughter. A few seconds later, Matthew came sulking through with an empty bowl and ice-cream down his t-shirt. 
“Mum, tell them will you? They wouldn’t give me pie. Charlie knocked me off my chair and Dad threw ice-cream on me.” For added affect he sniffed loudly and pushed out his bottom lip.
Livi laughed as Elizabeth sat him down at the island and cut him a huge piece from the second pie. As soon as it hit the plate, Matthew was off again, 
“AHA! Suckers, look at the size of this piece- what the f--hell Chaz! I don’t care I’ll eat it off the floor!” more laughter came travelling through, Elizabeth shook her head and shouted 
“Who ever made that mess is cleaning it up!” 
After the apple pie and ice-cream were demolished and all the dirty plates were in the dishwasher, the family settled in the large back garden. The sun still shone on the grass between intermittent clouds. Ethan and Matthew had pinched one of the twins light-weight Disney princess footballs and were re-enacting today’s trophy winning match while Oliver and Charlie rolled around on the grass with Isla and Eliana, who giggled joyfully. Daniel sat on a recliner with Arianna snuggled on his knee. Next to them Olivia reclined, chatting about her plans for a holiday in the summer. Elizabeth sat with her feet up on the chair in front of her, smiling from ear to ear, as she watched all of her family interact. She was never happier than when she was surrounded by her large, noisy family. As Sebastian approached, she moved her feet off the chair to let her son sit. He grabbed her feet and put them back in position on his knee.
“Keep them feet up Mum, you deserve to.” he smiled lovingly at her, “…dinner was excellent, as always, thank you.” 
“Always my pleasure darling. How are you? Are you eating well enough? I know what you boys are like when you get so busy.”
“I reckon we will be good for the next day or so after what we all just put away. Things are great, yes still busy at the office but I promise I am taking proper care of myself too.” He crossed his heart with a playful smile.
“Well just make sure you do, just because all of you are grown up- and I use the term lightly- doesn’t mean I don’t still worry.”
“We know Mum.” Sebastian, Daniel and Olivia chorused and she chuckled.
“Okay then. Now for the important questions,” she smiled menacingly at Sebastian and Olivia, “When am I going to get some more grandbabies? I want to be around to see them all you know, and I won’t last forever!”
“You’re only fifty-six Mum and I’m only twenty-five. Both of us have plenty of time.” Olivia flashed their mother her biggest puppy-dog deep brown eyes and heard Sebastian sigh. She had to dip her head unsure if she could stifle the smirk that was playing with the corners of her mouth. 
“Yes Olivia I agree, there’s no rush for you yet my darling,” Elizabeth directed a steady gaze at Sebastian and ignored the tensing of his thighs under her resting feet. “But you my darling boy are fast approaching thirty, no time like the present.”
“Mum I think you’re forgetting you also have a son who is fast approaching thirty-three and another who will be thirty before me and both are also still childless!” countered Sebastian whilst pleading with his eyes to Daniel, who took pity on his brother and added a hurt tone to his voice asking, “Are you saying you’re bored with the twins already Mum?” 
Her eyes widened “Of course not, Daniel. Don’t be so absurd,” she started with a wave of her hands, “I am merely pointing out to your brother that I would like more grandchildren. Surely the girls would like some cousins to play with? And before you start,” she silenced Sebastian with a stern look, “Ethan and Charlie have already had their talking’s to today about this matter. I am always a fair mother. I spend my life giving you children all that your hearts desired and now it’s time to repay the favours my darling children.” Elizabeth settled back into her chair knocking her feet into Sebastian’s hands to resume rubbing. She glanced victoriously around at her family. She was indeed the master when it came to bribery, and wondered with a wry inward smile, where her children thought they acquired that particular skill from.
Conversation flowed and ebbed for the next hour or so, as the sun sank beneath the trees and the temperature started to dip. The twins got tired and cranky and everyone made their way into the house to collect their bags of now washed football-kits, and say their farewells. No more had been mentioned by Sebastian or Arianna about his little issue. The family gathering had been a welcome distraction. That was until Arianna leaned in to give her brother-in-law a goodbye kiss on the cheek she whispered, 
“I will text you this week for the best time for you to pop into the shop to see me.” She rose and took one of the now sleeping twins off Daniel.
“Drive safe guys,” Sebastian went and kissed a soft, chubby cheek on each of his nieces, “…sleep well beautiful girls.” He turned back to his parents, who stood arm in arm behind him, “I’m gonna make a move myself now. Thanks again for dinner.” he hugged them both and kissed his mum on the cheek.
“Don’t be a stranger!” his father shouted after him as he made his way to his car. He lifted a hand in acknowledgement as he reached the Audi. Throwing his bag on the passenger seat as he got in, starting the engine and turning on his iPod. He hit shuffle as he pulled out of the drive, and the Beatles started to sing about a ‘magical mystery tour’. He had to laugh; even his iPod was taunting him. After skipping over a few more songs, Sebastian settled into his seat and to the music as he drove back to his apartment, concentrating on the sparse traffic on the road and keeping his thoughts to his upcoming work filled week.



Chapter three


Layla steered her Ford Fiesta through the winding country roads. ‘Fee’ as she called her trusty steed, was her little lifeline. Her Uncle Joey had found it at the auctions at Layla’s request for a cheap and cheerful run-around that she had saved hard to buy. Her father, always proud when his girls provided for themselves and very safety conscious, had footed the bill for any new parts and his mechanic brother had fixed her up well. Fee was now in tip top condition, with a gleaming Midnight-blue paint job. The excellent weather had made another appearance. Layla wound down the windows and opened the sunroof and a session of ‘car-e-oke’ was in full swing. She sang along on top note to the radio while driving, her mind working on a plan.
After an always pleasant mid-week visit to her Grandparents’ house and much praise from her Pappy at her growing portfolio, she had decided to give Photography a real go. Making the most of the visit, she also raided their house for some old style props, which now littered Fee’s back seat. Pappy had highlighted some good examples of her work to include on a leaflet or an advertisement. With design ideas running through her mind and the smell of the English countryside running through her nostrils, she decided to hit Rose Bud’s, her favourite florist, on her way home and treat herself to a small bouquet to feed her senses while she worked. 
Spotting a small space to park Fee outside Rose Buds, Layla pulled in and switched off the engine. The magnificent floral aromas hit as soon as she approached the shop. Pushing open the front door she heard the usual ring of the brass bell, along with the twinkling of a wind chime that hung from the ceiling. Copper wires holding different coloured glass spheres casting rainbows over the shop floor, as the sun shone brightly through the glass fronted store. It was always warm and inviting, beautiful displays of efflorescence, complimented with exquisite vases and mysterious crystals of varying colours and sizes. The walls painted with twisting vine-like lines making it seem like they were also growing and flowing. There was a definite magical quality to the shop that had Layla and many other customers returning time and again. 
“I’ll be right out.” 
Layla heard the shout and the tiny giggles from the back room as she perused all the foliage, plucking random flowers and grasses as she went. Arianna came through from the back, a large satchel over her shoulder, hand in hand with the twins.
“Hi Layla,” she smiled, “my mum is coming to collect the twins to take them swimming. I thought it might have been her. Aha, right on cue.” 
The wind chime sang out again. Isla and Eliana were mesmerised as the rainbow lights danced around the room. Layla put her flowers on the counter and reached for her camera, which was fast becoming a permanent fixture around her neck. 
“Would you mind if I take some pictures of these beautiful angels Arianna?” She asked, stooping down to their height she paused, “These cuties can only enhance my portfolio, and you can have free copies. If you’re anything like my folks, you can never have enough photographs of your girls.” she said with a small chuckle.
“Be my guest. So you’re sticking with the photography I take it?” The women were becoming good friends and chatted a lot during Layla’s frequent visits to the shop.
“Uh-huh. I’ve decided to give it a real go. I‘m going home to design myself some business cards, and leaflets.” Layla answered, still focusing on snapping away as the girls pointed to the pretty lights and picked a flower each, sniffed it and then ran over to greet Nanna-Eve. She put her camera back down and watched the twins kiss their mother goodbye. One day, she thought, I will have some beautiful babies of my own, well, if I ever get a man to notice me instead of my sister. A quick rollercoaster of thoughts took her back to those sea blue eyes, and she let her mind wander further off. Several minutes later, she had not noticed Arianna rounding the counter to tie up the bouquet she had put together.
“Well if that doesn’t work out, I will hire you any day. You have a flair for flower arranging.” Arianna looked at Layla who hadn’t heard a word. She watched as Layla absentmindedly ran a finger around the edge of the camera lens, clearly in a faraway thought. Layla started at a loud clearing of a throat. She frowned at her friend who was giving her a look that implied she knew her secret musings.
“Sorry Ari, did you say something?” she said and felt her cheeks warm. Arianna placed a hand on her arm; her expression became a little serious.
“Never mind, can I ask you a personal question?”
“Shoot.”
“Do you have a boyfriend?”
Layla laughed and looked down admiring the flowers now neatly tied with a purple bow in the arrangement she had made, “Nope, I leave that to my sister. Men don’t give me a second glance once she enters the room.” Even through the laugh, Arianna could sense the sadness that statement held. When Layla looked back, she became very nervous at the smile on her friends face.
“Oh I don’t like the look of that smile. If you’re thinking of blind dates, you can think again!” Arianna went to open her mouth and Layla hurried on. “Plus, I’m going be too busy getting this photography thing up and running. Now you can help me there if you like?” Layla flashed a happy smile, “You can let me do a proper shoot with those little cherubs and maybe a family portrait with you and your husband? Didn’t you say his family is huge? Do any of them have kids or babies?” She took a breath, liking the idea of capturing families on film. So many of her best childhood memories were still strong because of the large displays of photographs at her parents, and grandparents houses. If she could help families keep their best memories treasured with her pictures, she would be very happy in her work.
“I will let the blind date thing go, for now.” Arianna said with a wink, “But we will revisit that at a later date. I don’t like what you said with regard to your sister…”
“I think you misunderstood me Ari. She doesn’t go around stealing men from under me or anything. All I meant was that she got the good looks in our family, I don’t stand a chance while she’s still on the market.” she chuckled again, trying to make light of it as always. 
Even Jasmine had no idea that this weighed heavy on her heart. She had come to terms with being the lesser older sister a long time ago, well mostly. It only really started bothering her in high school, when the few boys she liked, were only interested in her to get to her younger sister. Her first year of college, with Jasmine still in high school, gave Layla a slight boost in confidence and there she had her first of two boyfriends. Drew Benson was shy, sweet and gentle, just what Layla had needed. After Cathy- her best friend at the time- noticed the way Drew stared during their art class she had taken it upon herself to set them up. They had their first date at the cinema, a seemingly good place for two shy teenagers. Drew grew brave in the dark and had even held Layla’s hand for the last half hour of the movie. Things had progressed slowly as both of them grew in confidence and Layla had never been happier with herself. They had parted amicably when it was time for Drew to move away to start Uni and kept in touch, if only sporadically nowadays.
Her second boyfriend, John Holmes, came soon after while Layla’s self-confidence was still riding high and lasted a lot longer than it should have. He was the complete opposite of Drew. Tall, passionate, confident and as it turned out a nasty piece of work who destroyed all the confidence Layla had built in herself. After the John disaster, Layla had sworn off men until she had regained her own ‘self-worth’ or Jasmine was married, whichever came first. Other than a very drunken one-night-stand with a male friend (huge mistake!), she had been true to her word and had been single for the last three and a half years. 
“Earth to Layla.” Arianna laughed, pulling Layla back to the here and now. “About these photographs, I think Daniel would love some professional shots of the twins, so I will definitely take you up on that offer. When you have your cards and leaflets ready, bring some down here I will happily display them for you.”
“Seriously? Ohmigod, Ari that’s fantastic, thank you so much!” Layla was ecstatic to have her first real photography session. 
“I will let you know when we have some free time and you can tell me when is best for you and what your rates will be. Don’t forget to bring those cards by.” 
Layla ran round the counter to give her friend a quick hug. “Right then. I am off to get things organised, thanks again Ari! I really appreciate this. I will let you know when I will be dropping the cards in. See you soon.”  Layla paid for the flowers and skipped out of the shop with her small bouquet. This was turning into a really good week. 
~~~
Back at home, Layla took her handbag, camera and flowers into the apartment first. She placed her bags on the table, found a glass vase and put in some water and the flowers. In her bedroom, she found a cardboard box to transport her new props from Fee’s back seat up to the apartment. The neighbourhood was a fairly safe one but she didn’t want to tempt fate by leaving things in her car. When all the props were fitted into the corner of her bedroom, she placed her flowers on the coffee table in the living room and booted up her laptop. With a refreshing glass of lemonade, she settled down to work on her designs. Jasmine came in around 7:00pm and plopped herself down on the sofa next to Layla.
“Whatcha doin? Have you eaten yet? I’m starving I’ve had such a busy day.”
“Hey Jazzy. No I haven’t eaten. I was waiting for you and I have been busy too!” Layla was more animated than Jasmine had seen in a while; thoughts of food were forgotten for the moment while Layla told her sister about her trip to their grandparents and all the good feedback Pappy had given her, she also told her how Arianna had asked her to photograph the twins. Jasmine was very happy to hear things were heading towards a solid goal for her big sister; she worried about her, even though she was younger. 
Next, Layla listened to Jasmine as she explained the difficult routine they were learning for the end of term show that would be held next month and that auditions had been posted for a few up-coming musicals. Both girls were high on life for the rest of the evening. They ordered in pizza and cracked open a bottle of sparkling wine to celebrate Layla’s first job offer. Jasmine helped Layla finish off her business card and leaflet designs, placing the order as soon as they were finished. The order would be delivered Friday. After that, Layla uploaded the photographs she had taken today, a few of Nan and Pappy and more than she remembered taking of the twins at Rose Buds started filling the screen. Jasmine agreed that they looked like little angels and couldn’t wait to see what she would do as ‘professional’ shots. Layla texted Arianna to tell her she would come by on Saturday, mid-morning to drop off the cards and a disc of the photographs she had taken of the twins today. 
The rest of the week flew by. Layla breezed through her shifts at Di Novi’s. Gio had asked if there was a man behind this new found gusto he was witnessing, but was not surprised that it had nothing to do with one. In the two years that Layla had worked here, he had not seen her with a boyfriend. She wasn’t a stunner like her sister, he thought, but she was definitely a beautiful woman in her own way. It didn’t seem right that she was always alone, but she never complained and was, in fact, one of the happiest people he knew. In her spare time, Layla finished her assignments for her Photography night class. A class she was about to finish with top marks due to her natural artistic eye and her Pappy’s insightful input. 
The pictures of the twins needed very little work. Such natural little beauties and with Rose Buds’ magical setting as a backdrop, there was little to be improved upon. It also gave her an idea for the next shoot. She picked a few props out of the box from her grandparents’ house and set about making two sets of fairy wings for the girls. Arianna always had them dressed beautifully. She just hoped the weather would be good when the time was arranged so they could do some outdoor shots. 
On Friday, Layla tried to keep herself busy while waiting for her parcel. She had an evening shift at Di Novi’s to make sure she didn’t miss the arrival and cursed herself for being overly organised and for once, having completed everything else on her to do list. Rooting through her shelves, she found her well-worn copy of Bridget Jones’ Diary and set about enjoying a few chapters while she waited, slightly less impatiently for the delivery to arrive. There was still no sign after a light lunch had been prepared and eaten. Layla had gone past impatient and was doing her best to will the arrival to happen. 
After twenty minutes of fruitless willing, she moved the coffee table over to the wall and made space on the rug to attempt meditating as she had found it very relaxing at the yoga class they had taken. Lying on her back, eyes closed, she worked on relaxing her body and mind from her head down to her toes. As her concentration reached her knee area the intercom buzzed, Layla jumped straight to her feet and almost fell right back to the floor as her head spun from the sudden change of pace. She obviously had a knack for this meditation stuff. 
The package signed for, she returned to the living room and grabbed the nearest sharp object (the keys from her handbag) to get through the sticky tape. Looking at her new business cards and leaflets, satisfaction and apprehension passed over her. She was indeed satisfied with the presentation of each item and pleased that she was finally making some serious decisions regarding her future. However, the thought of giving this her all and failing scared the hell out of her. Counting out twenty of each item, she put them in her handbag along with the disc for Arianna. 
Apprehension won out over satisfaction and she knew the calm she had almost surrounded herself with twenty minutes earlier was long gone. Grabbing her canvas satchel, she checked for her sketchpad and pastels, scribbled a quick note for Jasmine letting her know she would be back for dinner and went to seek some more inspiration. 
Walking seemingly aimlessly, Layla surprised herself ending up at the park she had visited weeks ago for her sunset project. Although she knew that hill was beyond reach, today she decided to visit the picnic area. A large landscaped area surrounded by Oak and Sycamore trees, a pond to the left side housed ducks, geese and a pair of elegant swans, with picnic tables spotted around the right edge of the field. Making her way over to them, she sat with her back to the sun to fully appreciate the idyllic scene of picturesque British nature. A few children played football or chase, while their parents sat either on the grass or at the other tables. It truly was a beautiful day. 
Layla took out her pad and began sketching in earnest, keeping her mind on her surroundings and taking it all in and not letting her previous nervousness entertain even a remote thought. The young families began to fritter away, Layla replaced her pad and pastels back to her satchel and took out her digital camera for a few landscape shots before she left, contemplating a monthly visit to the park for a calendar. If she was going to make a success out of this venture, she was determined to have a wide range of services and products to offer would-be clients. Snapping around fifty varying shots from different angles, both close up and wider landscapes, even lying on her belly in the grass for super close ups of a patch of daisies that had been missed by the young girls making daisy chains, she checked the time and began the now fast walk back home for dinner before her evening shift started.




Chapter four

Rising early Saturday morning, Sebastian ran five miles and enjoyed a lengthy shower before getting ready to go and see Arianna at her florist shop. He had no idea how she would be able to help him with this obscure obsession of a mystery woman. Having spent the week with an overloaded work schedule, he had succeeded in spending very little time thinking of how crazy he was turning out to be. That was until he received a quick call the previous evening from his sister-in-law asking him to call into the shop before lunchtime so they could have a chat about his ‘situation’. Dressed in jeans and a white polo shirt, he scooped up his jacket and wallet before heading out the door keeping himself mobile, kept his brain from becoming too muddled about this chat. He had been master of his universe for a while now and this out-of-his-control occurrence had him a lot more freaked out than he could handle. With that in mind, he started his car and set off to get this over with, promising himself that if Ari couldn’t help- which was highly likely- he would put this whole silly episode behind him and forget about the crazy, mystery woman. Who in their right mind, he mused, would get themselves into this situation? Again he laid the blame on his parents and Daniel for having started with their romantic tales, oh, and not forgetting Livi for dragging him to all those soppy movies! Yes, once he finished with Arianna and had got no new insights, he would be done with it all. 
With his thoughts set straight along the thirty minute drive to the shop, Sebastian was feeling more like his in-control self as he parked his silver Audi outside Rose Buds. Pocketing his wallet on the way out of the car, he decided to buy his Mum a nice bouquet and call in on the folks on his way home. He entered the shop a moment later, hit by the intertwining scents of the flowers, the twinkling of the wind chimes and female laughter. 
Hearing the chimes, Arianna called through from the back office.
“Hi Bas, I’ll be right out.” She turned her attention from the beautiful photographs on her laptop, “Layla these are wonderful! I can’t wait to see what you will do next weekend with the family shoot. Go pick yourself whatever you want on the house.” 
“That’s not necessary Ari, it was my pleasure.” Layla replied happily, “That smile is payment enough for me today.” 
“Ok then, if you’re sure? You should come and meet my brother-in-law before you go.” Layla was suddenly uneasy noticing Arianna’s smile had altered and felt like there was now a secret hidden behind it. 
Sensing her friends sudden tension, she quickly added, “Bas never goes away empty handed. He always buys his mum a bouquet if he calls in and I know she would love one of your creations.” Layla shot her a highly doubtful look. Knowing Arianna made the most superb bouquets, hence her being the florist, and did not need any help from herself.
Sebastian leaned casually against the counter watching the rainbow coloured lights dance about the walls, reminding himself he was here to put an end to all these crazy thoughts. He turned as he heard the movement from the back office, “Ladies.” he greeted them with his most dazzling smile, which fell completely as the dark haired beauty stepped out from behind Arianna. 
His dark haired beauty. 
Without even noticing the not so subtle, victorious smile of his sister-in-law, he watched the beautiful face flash through a range of emotions. Shock recognition and then to something he couldn’t quite place. But it wasn’t a positive emotion. 
“Bas this is my friend, Layla. She has just dropped in a disc of photos she took of the Twins; we are having a family shoot soon.” She smiled affectionately from one to the other and continued the introductions. “And this is Sebastian, my little brother-in-law.”
Layla managed to find her voice, as the shock of seeing the tall dark and oh so handsome stranger that had haunted her dreams wore off. Her brain to mouth filter was obviously working at a much slower rate.
“Where’s the little? He’s huge.” She felt her cheeks grow hot as her eyes wandered up the vast expanse of male. Biting her lower lip to stem any more ridiculous words to spill from her mouth, she caught the slight upturn of his lips and the stifled chuckle. Her inner voice gave a sarcastic thumbs up, ‘great first impression girlfriend.’ The heat from her cheeks spread till her ears burned. She ignored it all and let years of politeness take control and offered her hand,
“Nice to meet you.”
Barely containing the laughter that her unexpected comment brought forth, Sebastian watched as she had bitten that luscious lower lip, visions assaulting the back of his eyes of taking it between his own teeth. She had looked adorable blushing. So petite, she couldn’t be much over 5ft in her flat sandals with purple toe nails popping out of the end. He took the proffered hand and gave a gentle shake,
“It’s a pleasure to meet you Layla. So you’re a photographer?” 
“Aspiring.” was the only word she dared say. The heat from his hand seeped into hers and crept up her arm. The heat dissipated, leaving tingling sensations in its wake which intensified as he brushed his thumb lightly over her knuckles before reluctantly releasing her hand.
“Pfft, she will be a complete success. Take my word for it.” Arianna declared, breaking the moment. “In fact, I think we should book her for your Parents anniversary party before we lose our chance it’s only a few weeks away now. What do you think Bas?”
He cut Layla’s protest off before it started,
“That’s a great idea, if you’re available on the ninth next month Layla?” He liked the way her name rolled off his tongue, just a hint of exotic, rather like the lady herself.
“I-if you’re sure you want me, I can make sure I book the time off so I am free.” Layla cursed herself for stuttering. Part of her was overjoyed at the prospect of more paid photography work, but the close proximity to Sebastian was keeping her nervous and rather off balance. She needed to get a grip of herself, as if he would be interested in her, even if she thought he was the most beautiful man she had ever seen. Keeping that in mind and more importantly, the fact she had to start selling herself if she was serious about doing this professionally, she squared her shoulders and channeled her inner confidence.
“I’m waitressing while I finish my studies and set up the business.” She smiled, pleased at how steady her voice was. If she could sound professional under his inquisitive gaze, she could do it anywhere. 
Wow, that smile blew Sebastian’s breath away. It was like when the sun comes out from behind a cloud and brightens the moment. He didn’t know how Arianna did it, and quite frankly he was scared to ask. All he knew was how grateful he was to be stood looking at that smile rather than forgetting that he had ever run into this captivating woman. Hard working, subtly stunning, he had to know more. 
He had to stop staring before he freaked her out. Too late, she lifted her hand to her faltering smile and ran her tongue slowly under her top lip, her cheeks stained again and her gaze dropped.
“Do I have something in my teeth?”
A sexy chuckle escaped from him, causing a riot of butterflies in Layla’s stomach.
“No, just a beautiful smile.” He said it so matter-of-factly; she was desperate to believe he meant it. She raised her eyes back to his and had to put her hand on the counter to keep her balance. His striking blue eyes were locked intensely on her hazel ones, like he was trying to see right into her. Her inner romantic almost fainted. Again, Arianna broke the spell, 
“Layla could you pick a bouquet out for Bas’s Mum please? I just need to borrow him for a moment.” They left Layla to it and Sebastian followed Arianna into the back office, a little reluctantly. She wiggled a finger over the mouse-pad on her laptop and a slideshow of Isla and Eliana came to life on the screen, distracting both of them.
“These are really good. It will be nice to have some proper photos done at the party.” Sebastian commented and turned to Arianna, “I’m not even going to ask how you knew….” He ran a hand through his hair disheveling, it slightly, “…you freak me out; in the best way possible of course.” He finished quickly with the threat of a playful smack hovering in midair. 
“Just don’t blow it being so intense. I think she’s a bit fragile.” Arianna whispered and patted him on the arm. 
Lowering his own voice and with a wink, he responded, “Got it, slow and steady wins the race.” Only his mind had other thoughts, ‘Easier said than done, my friend, you know how you get when you want something this badly’. 
And he did. He had never wanted a woman this way before. Maybe because all the other women had given themselves too freely. He could do this. He knew how to impress women, but he had a feeling this one was different from most and may need a different approach. No better time to get the ball rolling, he thought as the pair made their way back out to the front of the shop.
Layla was on this side of the counter, leaning over to tie the bouquet she had picked in a large cream ribbon. It afforded him a free look at her delectable derriere. Yes, he would take his time exploring every curve of this beguiling little lady. The thought caused a twitch in his jeans; he stifled that line of thinking quickly. If Ari was right, that was not the way to win this girl over. But oh, how his fingers longed to touch her again. He rounded the counter as she finished the bow. 
“I hope it’s OK? I didn’t know what she liked so I tried to keep it simple.” Her smile was nervous and she turned to Arianna, “I’ll have to go now. I need to eat before my shift starts. I’ll call you about the weekend though.” She forced herself to turn back to the dark haired Adonis and re-summoned all her inner confidence, wondering why he had this effect on her. She knew men didn’t look at her that way. I wish he would whispered in her head. “It was nice to meet you Sebastian.” 
He was admiring the unique bouquet, no two flowers were the same yet they all complimented each other. He knew his mother would love it and he knew he wasn’t ready to say ‘goodbye’ quite yet. Lifting his gaze, he looked carefully into her eyes, 
“This pretty bunch of flowers will have me in my mother’s good books, so how about I spread the goodness and buy you lunch to say ‘thank you’.” His smile was completely genuine and the butterflies took flight again. 
Layla’s inner voice quarreled. Omigod, that smile and those eyes, I can’t say ‘no’, but I should. It will only end up with me in tears as usual. Common sense pitched in, He probably only wants to talk about the job for the party. She glanced at her watch. She had just over an hour before her shift started, and her work clothes were ready in Fee. Eat alone or spend the next hour looking at this fine specimen, there’s no contest! No longer whispering, her inner romantic was turning into a bit of a slut. C’mon now, what’s the harm in looking? She mentally chided the inner voice rattling her brain and looked to Arianna who was nodding in not so subtle encouragement. She was outnumbered. Shit!
“Sure, why not.” Her smile faltered again as all the butterflies took a nose dive to the pit of her stomach and it didn’t go unnoticed by Sebastian. For the first time, probably in his life, he panicked at the thought that this woman may not be interested in him. Other than the ‘huge’ comment, the only vibe he got was nervous and there was that distinctly uncooperative flash after he thought she recognized him. It was not giving him his usual confident aura. In fact, he was beginning to feel quite nervous himself.
She noted the sudden uneasy stance and felt a stab of guilt for her not so favourable response to being asked to lunch. His swift flash of anxiousness made him all the more endearing and boosted Layla’s confidence. It was just a quick lunch after all, nothing to worry about. She ate it every day.
Concentrating on the fact he was her good friend’s relation and riding the confidence boost, she picked up her satchel and patted him lightly on his muscular arm,
“C’mon Big-guy, I need feeding.” She inwardly cringed at her stupid attempt to lighten the situation and her inner romantic gave her a ‘didn’t know you had it in you’ high five. Hearing Arianna’s chortle helped add to the blush that was covering her cheeks yet again, and she gave her a glare with a wave as she passed a shocked- but smiling again- Sebastian, leading the way out of the shop. 
A goofy smile that refused to be subdued glued itself to Sebastian’s face as soon as the words left her mouth. He was very glad that it was goofy with the array of X-rated thoughts that had flared through his mind about just what he would like to feed this intoxicating young lad. It could have been a very different kind of smile. It seemed Arianna was indeed correct. His nerves had brought out Layla’s confidence and he wanted to see a little more of this seemingly feisty side. He threw a twenty on the counter. Leaning over, he kissed Arianna on the cheek and with a quick “Thanks Sis.”, followed the little bundle of spice and all things nice out onto the pavement. 




Chapter five

Outside, Layla took a few deep breaths to recover from her little mouth mis-hap. She still couldn’t quite believe that she had agreed to lunch with this almost stranger. Just because he had a starring role in her dreams more nights than not, didn’t actually make him any less of one. She braved a glance as he came through the door. 
Bloody hell, he was handsome. He had wholesome look; with just a hint of something naughtier beneath those vibrant blue irises. When their eyes met, Sebastian knew he wouldn’t have to fake any unease in her presence today; the way her eyes held his so intently like she was looking through them and into his soul was causing him to really feel it. Her body portrayed a nervousness yet her eyes (and it seemed occasionally her tongue) held a confidence that seemed buried under something and trying to break free.
“Erm… where would you like to go? I’m not sure what’s good round these parts. I live closer to town and only really pop in to the florist when I’m here.” Sebastian halted his blabbering, acutely aware of the bad impression he was no doubt making. He groaned inwardly. Never in his twenty-eight years had he had to work so hard to impress a member of the opposite sex. He wondered if he had been transported into some weird alternative reality with all this crazy going on, or, god forbid, had one of his brothers set him up on some made-for-TV dating show? That could explain how Arianna had the correct woman with no details about her, waiting in her shop for him. But then, he had never described her to anyone so that was impossible. No, this wasn’t human trickery. This was the universe giving him what he wanted, a chance to get to know Layla and currently he was making a giant mess of it. 
“There’s a little café at the end of the street. It does soups and sandwiches we could try there? Unless you wanted something more substantial?” Her timid smile belied the eye contact from the previous moment. Sebastian didn’t care where they ate or what was on the menu as long as he got to spend a little more time with her. 
“Sound’s great. Lead the way.” He gestured with an outstretched right arm. Layla chuckled softly and pointed in the opposite direction. “Well it was a 50/50 shot as we are in the middle of the row.” 
The sound of that soft laughter settled around Sebastian’s heart as they walked side by side down the street and he made a note to make sure there would be more of it before this day ended. 
They strolled past a charity shop, a butchers, a card shop and a small gallery before turning into a delightful café called Amuse Bouche. It had an antique French theme, creams and gold’s, and italic lettering surrounding them. His eyes absorbed the quaint atmosphere easily and then followed Layla’s gaze landing on a large fridge display of some of the biggest cakes he had seen. The majority of which looked scrumptious.
“I hope we have time for dessert too before you have to go to work?” he almost drooled. Layla watched as he licked his lips hungrily and tore his eyes away from the cake display and back to her.
“Right. Let’s sit and order before you end up eating me, you look ravenous.” Again her cheeks bloomed with colour and she wanted the floor to swallow her up to save her from the curse of her mouth. At the sound of his deep, rumbling laughter she looked up, “Sorry, my brain to mouth filter seems to be broken today. I’m not making a very professional first impression. I hope you will still consider me for the job?” 
A confused look passed through his features, he pulled out a chair at a table near the front window of the café, ah the party, he thought. He had almost forgotten that this wasn’t a first date, as much as he would’ve liked it to be.
“The job is yours. Ari only recommends the best of all things.” He told her. She sat in the proffered chair, now confused herself as he sat opposite. 
“I thought that’s why you asked me to lunch, like an informal interview?” Tense with renewed nervousness, she couldn’t bring herself to meet his eyes and studied the small floral center-piece on their table instead.  
“Ari showed me the pictures of the Twins; they’re fantastic, I’m sure you will take wonderful pictures at the party.” He needed to think fast, total honesty would probably scare her away and this need he felt to get to know her won out over his usual honesty policy. “Well, we kind of sprung it on you back there so it’s more lunch than an interview. I really was impressed with your pictures though I think you have beautiful eyes, erm… I mean a beautiful eye...for pictures that is.” He cursed himself. This woman had him seriously off balance. That coupled with the unease he always felt when saying anything but the truth had his mojo taking a leave of absence at the most inopportune moment. Thank god this isn’t a first date because you would not be getting another one if you carry on like this! He thought.
“Sorry I didn’t mean to sound like a creep. Is that brain-to-mouth filter condition contagious?” He flashed a devastating, if somewhat anxious smile, and she smiled shyly back. 
“I’m sorry too. I didn’t mean to pass on my condition.” 
He just managed to stop himself from digging a deeper hole into creeps-ville with more attempted compliments and asked, “What would you like to eat?”
“Well…” her gaze wandered past him and over to the delicious desserts, “…if we’re doing dessert, then I will just stick with the soup, I have an overactive sweet-tooth… if only it burned as many calories as it consumed.” Her mind wandered off dreamily for a fraction of a second and made her look as decadent as the desserts behind him. 
“I don’t allow myself to come in here all that often. Those cakes are too tempting and too large to allow more than one-a-week and I hate the gym.” 
Ms.Inner Voice threw herself despairingly onto a couch shaking her head, great now you sound greedy AND lazy! Layla decided this was definitely just a business lunch and to ask some relevant questions before her nerves got the better of her and she verbal-diarrhoea-ed all over the table and his immaculate white t-shirt. 
Sebastian wondered why she kept looking like she was chiding herself. She had a certain innocent charm that he didn’t think you could fake easily, but it only appeared in snippets like it was trying to break free of a camouflaged setting. It boggled Sebastian’s mind that she seemed to have no idea how beautiful she was. She elicited the most unexpected reactions from fairly tame, yet completely suggestive remarks, causing his mind and body to hum with awareness for her. 
Again, he marveled at the fact no other woman had ever had this kind of effect on him and he had no idea how to handle it. He knew he would be seeing her again as long as she was interested in the party job, so all that was left to figure out was how he could wrangle a more personal acquaintance with her once the party was over without causing a sexual harassment case. While scanning the specials board, a waitress appeared at their table. She was a stout middle aged woman with spiky brown hair liberally streaked with grey; smile lines surrounded her friendly brown eyes. 
“Hello handsome,” she said with a wink and her pencil poised over a small pad, “you two ready to order?” 
“Can we get two soup-of-the-days and a cheese salad sandwich, please? A bottle of water and…” he glanced at Layla.
“Orange juice please.” She answered with a smile for both him and their very friendly waitress.
“Will that be all folks? Just so you know, we have some of the best desserts in the north-west over there in that display. I have tried and tested them all and I can recommend each and every one of them.” It was plain to see this lady enjoyed the cake selection at this place, and from the enthusiasm of her voice and the looks of that display, he wondered how she wasn’t three times as large as she was. If they tasted as good as they looked, he’d be tempted to ask if they do a ‘cake-away’ service here.
“Now then, Trish.” He said, glancing at the name badge above her over abundant bosom. “It’s my first time here and that magnificent display needs some serious consideration.” He schooled his featured into a mock seriousness and gave Trish a wink. She gave a chuckle and an understanding nod as she returned behind the counter to fill their order. 
With Trish gone, a nervous tension hovered over the pair. Before it could settle, Layla decided to get down to business as an idea came to mind.
“So for the party, I was thinking of doing a photo-booth set up. I would need a small section to set up in, enclose it down a little to make it more ‘booth-like’ and I have a box of props that people can choose from to pose with. I could take those shots on arrival, have an allocated time during the party and then as people are leaving. While the booth is ‘closed’ I will circulate and take natural shots around the party. What do you think?”
I could watch her talk all day long, he thought. She obviously had a passion for her work, proven from how animatedly she spoke. He had literally seen the light-bulb go on in her head as the idea hit her. He watched as her brow furrowed for a moment before she began, hands gesturing, air quotes had been used twice, eyes darting all over like she could see the party unfolding behind him. She was a breath of fresh air with her enthusiasm and animation and now she was looking expectantly at him waiting for his approval.
“I think that sounds wonderful, the ‘photo-booth’,” he joined in with the air quotes, “sounds great, old school and lots of fun.” Her smile had become so big he couldn’t help but smile along with her.
“Exactly! Props will help anyone who isn’t too keen on posing for pictures as it gives them something to concentrate on.” At his deep chuckle she paused, a questioning look on her face.
“Sorry, I was just thinking about how most of the people who will be attending love to pose. I know everyone will love the photo-booth and for those who do get uncomfortable, I agree, I think the props can only help.” 
Layla was over-joyed; Sebastian seemed to love her idea as much as she had. Again she thanked the stars for the props she had got from her Grandparents house and for everything seeming to fall into place at the right time. Neither one had noticed the approach of Trish, who gently placed their food on the table. Layla almost jumped at the surprise she had been in the zone ideas now flowing full force. 
“Thank you, mmmm this smells wonderful.” As the fragrant Mediterranean tomato soup reached her nose her stomach gave a loud rumble. She smiled sheepishly as Trish and Sebastian chuckled at her overly eager stomach.
“Just give me a wave if you two need anything else.” She smiled affectionately at the pair. Trish valued the human interaction she got and witnessed working in this small café, and more than anything she enjoyed watching young couples. From her years of wisdom and experience, she could see the spark between these two and hoped she would see them again. The real thing was better than any day-time soap opera on the television.
A comfortable quiet descended as they ate their food. Layla tucked straight in, ripping apart her roll and buttering it before dipping it generously in her soup. Her mind was running through all the photo opportunities her box of props could entice out of people while enjoying her food. She almost forgot she wasn’t sitting alone. Sebastian savored every moment. He liked the way she had no reservations in using her fingers to eat her soup the way she wanted to. He liked it a little too much as the bread got smaller and she ended up dipping the last piece in covering it entirely along with the tips of her finger and thumb, she popped the soaked piece into her mouth.
The sandwich Sebastian had been about to bite stopped just short of his mouth. He watched with rapture as Layla’s tongue darted out between thumb and finger to devour her last piece not quite catching the errant drip which settled on her lower lip.
Again, that little pink tip darted out to remove the tomato dot from her lip. His crotch area was coming to life under the sliver of cream table cloth. He adjusted in his seat slightly without taking his eyes from Layla’s mouth. Getting much more uncomfortable, down there, as he then watched her suck the remaining soup from the end of her finger and thumb seemingly oblivious to the effect she was having on him.
The noise of the chair moving against the tiled floor at Sebastian’s second attempt to adjust to a more comfortable seating position with all the trouser activity going on, jolted Layla from her moment of food-induced bliss and she realized Sebastian was watching her with an uncomfortable look on his face. Her own face turned almost the exact shade of the soup that sat in her bowl as she picked up her napkin to finish cleaning her fingers.
“Sorry, you must think I’m a real pig eating like that.” She dipped her head and picked up her spoon to resume eating in a more lady-like manner. Sebastian replaced his last bite of sandwich onto the plate and cleared his throat.
“Not at all.” Happy his voice was not betraying his bodily reactions further south he continued, “That’s really tame compared to what I’ve witnessed around the table at our family dinners. My sister, Livi, has the cheek to call all us boys ‘heathens’ when she can be just as bad if not worse. We enjoy our food and prefer it when others do too. I can’t stand it when I’m out on a date and she’s poking her food around her plate, either afraid to eat in front of a man or just afraid to eat anything at all. Erm… not that this is a date or anything, just… well you know what I mean.” Jesus, I’m as awkward as a teenage boy at a topless beach. Get a goddamn grip! 
“The way you eat is perfectly acceptable.” He finished lamely and the smile returned to her face. 
Layla had presumed this large man would be quite intimidating, not in a nasty way, just a natural way because of his size and the intensity she had seen in him but she could see a certain unease rise and fall within him. She wondered of the cause. He was one of life’s finest specimens and she presumed he had absolutely no trouble in attracting the opposite sex, or the same sex for that matter. She remembered Nico’s reaction to him at the club. That night had not been mentioned since they had been introduced at Rosebud’s. She toyed with the idea of bringing it up. Chickening out she instead asked.
“So how long have your Mum and Dad been married? Is it a big party? Where are you having it?”
“Thirty-five years.”
“Wow!” so much awe filled the simple word.
“I know. We have a large family, Mum’s one of seven and Dad is one of four, not all of the aunts and uncles will be able to make it as some live over-seas, but then I’m one of six and we have loads of cousins. And this is all without friends, which there are quite a few of too, so yes it will be quite a gathering. Fingers crossed, it will be held at their house. Livi and I are finalizing plans to get them out of the house for the day while the marquee is set up in the garden, as at the moment it’s still a surprise party. But, there are still a couple of weeks to go yet and my mum has this way of extracting information from you without you even realizing it. Sometimes I wonder if she isn’t a spy in disguise as a mother and teacher.” Layla couldn’t wait to capture the dynamics of this large, and by all accounts of what Ari and Sebastian had said, boisterous family on camera. This would be a wonderful opportunity to expand her portfolio too.
“I’m thinking about having my own website if, no, when…” she corrected herself, “…business takes off. Would it be ok to use some of the party pictures on there? I realize it’s a bit early to ask that but I wanted to get started on the web page and I have a feeling there will be some great moments captured at one of your family gatherings.” Again, her bright smile filled the room and buzzed its way under his skin. 
“I’m sure that would be fine. We can sort all that out after the party, maybe have another lunch and you can show me the pictures you would like to use and I can make sure you have all the permission of everyone for their usage.” He congratulated himself on his quick thinking but then that was still a while away and he was no closer to figuring out how he could see her again before the party. Trish returned then to clear the plates. 
“Everything to your liking?” She enquired. Sebastian still in thoughts of how to see Layla sooner rather than later almost answered ‘no’, but stopped the word just before it came tumbling out. 
“Would either of you like dessert?”
A pair of “Yes pleases.” chorused a reply, making Trish smile wider and exposing more of the lines around her warm brown eyes. 
“Now the pieces are like me, generous in portion.” Sebastian really was beginning to enjoy this lady’s humour, as she reminded him of a couple of his Aunts. “So would you like one each, or one to share?” She gave the pair a glance so subtle that Layla missed its meaning. Sebastian decided he may well just adopt himself another aunty and flashed Trish one of his best smiles in appreciation for her efforts.
“I think we’ll take one to share if that’s okay with you Layla. I don’t think I could eat a whole piece at the moment and I wouldn’t feel right wasting any of it. You can choose. I still couldn’t narrow it down anyway.” Trish gave him a pat on the shoulder and turned to Layla.
“Hmmmm, the pressure, what were your finalists and I will pick from them? I don’t want to get it wrong.”
“The cherry cheesecake, the carrot cake or the huge chocolate one with what looks like mars bars sitting on the top.”
“Okay then and you’re right they are mars bars sat on top of that cake. Unless… Trish, Sebastian here was wondering if you do a cake-away service? Then we can try two of these and not have to worry about wasting any because he can take the rest home and finish it later.” 
“I’m sure that can be arranged Dear’s, so what’ll it be?”
“We’ll take a slice of the cherry cheesecake and a slice of the carrot cake please.” 
“Comin’ right up.” Trish ambled her way back to retrieve the cakes. Layla turned back to Sebastian,
“I recommend the carrot cake. Cherry cheesecake was next on my list and you need time to eat the Mars gateaux because it’s very sweet and rich. Best eaten slowly and I have to be at work soon.” Layla was surprised at the disappointment she felt at having their lunch end soon. Her mind wandered to seeing him again, taking time to savor a shared slice of Mars gateaux, in a candle lit bedroom, melting on their bodies as they each took turns in slowly enjoying the tasty treat. Her face bloomed again as she bit her lower lip. She really had to get that slutty inner-voice under control, or some of that action- rrrr, be quiet!
Sebastian wanted to know the thought that made her blush so beautifully. She had the most expressive eyes he had ever seen and he swore he could see desire burning bright behind them while she had her little moment before she blushed. He also thought that kind of desire had little to do with a rich chocolaty dessert and was grateful for the opportunity to look into her eyes for a moment. 
Hazel was such a broad term for a colour. His brother Daniel had hazel eyes, but they looked nothing like Layla’s. While Daniel’s where a light brown flashed with a few other colours, according to Ari, he had never sat looking into his older brothers eyes of course. Layla’s were a mid-brown and when she sat in the sunlight, he could see tiny green flecks surrounding her pupil. The blush had receded, leaving behind the softest of pinks on her cheeks and she still had a hold on that bottom lip. Again his hands ached to reach out and touch her, use his thumb to release that lip and kiss away the mark she would leave if she bit down any harder. 
Thankfully, Trish returned with dessert at that moment saving him from himself. They both turned their attention fully to the task of consuming the mountains of sweetness that now lay in front of them. Trish had laid both plates in the center of the table and placed a dessert fork in front of each of them. The slices were indeed as generous as Trish had told them. Layla glanced at Sebastian who was examining the over-sized slices of sweetness with a seemingly needy hunger in his eyes. When he lifted that intense blue gaze back to her face, she was shocked as her body reacted to the same look directed at her before he blinked and it was slowly and deliberately replaced with a softer, subtle smile.
Her heart began to thud in her chest almost stopping completely for a few beats when their knees brushed under the small table. As Sebastian scooted in closer spoon in hand, Layla also grabbed her spoon and swallowed down the staccato beat going on inside her, telling herself with conviction, that that look wasn’t really for her but for the cakes. She dug her spoon into the cherry cheesecake, needing the distraction from all the reactions she was having to Sebastian’s close proximity. As she savoured the creamy dessert, she moaned in appreciation. Yep that look was most definitely for the cakes. The gluttonous realist in her head chimed in giving a helping hand to sort the confusion of this whole lunch-not-a-date thing.
With an echo of that sultry moan running through his head, Sebastian followed suit and took a large spoonful of the cheesecake and popped it straight into his mouth.
“Oh-my-god, this is so good.” He dove right back in for another spoonful enjoying the laughter from across the table. Layla watched as he began to demolish the substantial slice one large spoonful at a time, her own spoon poised. But cake in all its glorious forms was her thing; it’s what kept her curves securely in place, and made a bad day feel a little better.
“I see what you mean about table manners. You’re eating it like it’s the last piece in the world and I’m about to steal it, which I am.” With that, she pulled what was left of the cheesecake over to her half of the table while pushing the carrot cake towards Sebastian. He didn’t complain. Just sucked his spoon clean and took a huge taste of the new cake.
“Sorry, dessert is a serious thing at home. Six growing boys fighting over one dessert is usually a messy and out for your-self experience.” He shrugged playfully, an almost resigned look on his handsome face. “Last week, Matty ended up on the floor covered in ice-cream because he tried to steal Dad’s piece of apple-pie. Livi is probably right; we are a bunch of heathens when it comes to our desserts.” He held her hazel gaze, not at all embarrassed by his story. A certain mischief played in the depths of his blue eyes and she couldn’t process, caught by the deep ocean blue irises. She had a definite obsession with eyes. It had helped some, when she was over coming some of her shyness, as a teenager. She never had a problem looking straight into somebody’s eyes. In fact, in a lot of cases, she couldn’t seem to help herself. Before she even realized, she would be looking straight and direct into a person’s eyes, like now. He leaned in closer. She was frozen in place. The voices in her head having a major inner argument.
He’s flirting!
No he’s not, don’t be stupid.
Is he leaning in for a kiss? God I hope so.
God, I hope you don’t lean too and make a show of yourself.
There was a metallic tink as Sebastian knocked her spoon out of the way and brought her out of the trance. He was in the cheesecake again before she could finish blinking.
“You don’t play fair.” She laughed once more, easing the built up tension from the moment before. Then defended her piece of cake with her own spoon as he went for yet another taste.
“All’s fair in love and cake.”
“Can’t argue with that.”
And battle commenced a duel of spoons, to the death, of a Cherry cheesecake. The Carrot Cake, a survivor, if not a little injured. Layla’s sides hurt from laughing by the time it was over. She used her napkin to wipe her mouth and then any stray pieces that had tried to escape and evade. Taking a sip of her juice, she glanced at the clock and almost spat the mouthful back out.
“Oh crap, I’m going to be late if I don’t hurry up.” She quickly picked up her bag to retrieve her purse. A strong, large hand stilled her mid-rummage.
“My treat, remember, for the beautiful bouquet.”
“Oh yes, thanks.” She smiled shyly and wouldn’t meet his eyes for a moment, but being unable to not have one more look into those blue beauties, she allowed the natural progression of her gaze until it hit its target. It almost took her breath away. He stood tall and she had enjoyed letting her eyes travel up the expanse of male openly displayed in front of her. Liking the way his white polo shirt fit snuggly around his large chest, buttons open revealing just a peek of dark chest hair. His neck and strong jaw line wearing that designer stubble look, which she found extremely hot. She had wondered how it would feel rubbing against her own smooth skin. He smiled, flashing perfect white teeth and drawing her attention down to his mouth for a moment and again she was way more affected by him than was comfortable. She placed her bag over her shoulder, clutching it tightly with one hand, and stuck her other hand out offering one of her new business cards. 
“Thank you for lunch Sebastian. It was lovely meeting you. All my details are on there if you have any further questions and to let me know when and where to be for the party.” It took some work to keep a professional smile in place and her eyes on his but somehow she managed it. Sebastian took the card gently from her.
“It’s been a pleasure to meet you too; I will definitely be in touch. Thank you.”
God, that deep husky voice. She had to get out before she melted into a puddle on the floor or took the advice of that inner slutty voice that was screaming at her to just jump up and kiss him on that gorgeous mouth.
“Right, well, I really have to go now…. Thanks again. Bye.” And she was gone like a citrus breeze out the door, leaving him standing holding the card. Flipping it over in his fingers he hadn’t noticed Trish approach. He was still trying to process the events of the past hour and his disappointment at her hasty departure.
“You got yourself a little beauty there Hun.”
“She’s not mine,” He replied on a sigh. “…not yet anyway-”
“Well I’m sure it won’t be long from the way she looks at you. I think she’s just as smitten.” Trish smiled and patted his arm.
“You think so? I was kind of getting mixed signals and then she left so quickly. Sorry, I must sound like a desperate fool. I’m sure you don’t need me spilling my guts to you.” She laughed a gentle but hearty laugh that made her belly shake a little.
“I seem to have that kind of effect on people Hun; it happens more than you think so don’t even worry about it. Save your energy for winning that girl over. At my age, you know a thing or two and I can tell that she fancied the pants off you. A girl doesn’t blush that much unless she’s attracted to a man.” She gave him another one of her signature winks. “Do you want me to wrap the last of the cake for, what did you call it now..? Ah ‘cake-away’.” Again her belly moved with her laughter.
“Yes, please.” Sebastian followed the portly waitress to the counter to settle the bill while she wrapped his cake. He paid the balance and left a large tip on the saucer as Trish slid a small bag over the counter to him. Picking it up with one hand, Sebastian used his free hand to pick up one of Trish’s.
“Thank you Trish. You’re quite a woman yourself, such a shame my hearts just been stolen.” He gave a playful wink and kissed the back of her hand enjoying her boisterous laughter.
“I bet you could charm the stripes off a tiger.” She said, as her laughter died down. “Now you make sure you treat her well, you hear. I don’t want to see her in here in a few weeks eating too much cake and bitching to her friends.” She had donned a mock stern look and was wagging a surprisingly slender finger in his direction.
“I have only honourable intentions, you have my word.” Sebastian tipped an imaginary hat and made a slight bow. “Good day dear lady. Until next time.” He spun on his heel and came out of the café with purpose in his stride and smiling from the infectious laughter he left behind.




Chapter six

It had been a week to the day since her lunch with Sebastian and she hadn’t heard a thing off him. Layla groaned to herself. It was Saturday evening and Jasmine was out for the night on a ‘hot date’. Layla had declined Nico’s invitation to join him and the girls for a night on the town. Being a lightweight drinker she didn’t want to risk it, preferring to be fresh and ready for her photo shoot tomorrow at Arianna’s. She was now curled up on her sofa in her favourite Elmo pyjamas, a pair of red fluffy socks keeping her feet toasty and a selection of DVD’s strewn across the coffee table. She couldn’t stop thinking about him. Her week had been busy to say the least; she hadn’t had a minute for anything other than work, school and new photography projects. Happy that she was on top of everything, her afternoon shift at Di Novi’s over, she had given herself the night off to relax and ended up alone and obsessing.
After putting the finishing touches on the fairy wings for the twins, sorting a few extra props and triple checking everything was ready for the morning. Her thoughts had drifted from ideas for a family portrait for Arianna, to what Daniel looked like, to whether he and Sebastian resembled each other. From there Sebastian had dominated her thoughts. How he towered above her yet didn’t make her nervous, well not in an intimidating kind of way. The deep, roughness of his voice. The sparkle in those sea blue eyes and the touch of his hand on hers. She had never been attracted to a man this way before. Sure, she’d had her fair share of crushes but never to this extent. He was still a regular visitor in her dreams, which were obviously controlled by that inner-slutty voice from the turn they had taken. She had never had those types of dreams before, X-rated beyond her own limited experience. She had obviously been feeding the inner-slut with her reading material of late. That would have to change. Waking up from these dreams left her feeling either exhausted or frustrated. Both of which were not a good start to her busy days and another reason to have a quiet night at home before tomorrow’s shoot.
As most of the DVD collection belonged to Jasmine, the choice was limited. She wasn’t in the mood for anything romantic, it would only fuel her thoughts and rising obsession and she certainly didn’t need the encouragement in that department. So she curled up with a bowl of toffee popcorn and, after flicking through the movie channels, curled up with Arnie and the gang to watch Terminator 2. 
~~~
The photo-shoot went wonderfully. The weather was perfect. The sun shone brightly in the blue sky, with just a few white fluffy clouds for company. A slight breeze blew through the garden.
Arianna and Daniel had a beautiful home with a long garden at the rear. Beyond the decking that adjoined the house, there was a lush green lawn flanked on both sides with rows of flowers and shrubs. Layla had no clue what the names of most of which were. There was a greenhouse at the far left filled with a rainbow of flowers that weren’t quite visible through the glass structure. Adjacent to that was a small pond housing a few fish and a couple of small toads not quite shaded by the apple tree that stood tall in the bottom right corner of the garden. A wooden play house with two floors and a small terrace took pride of place in front of the apple tree. It had two small windows with shutters painted in white and pastel pink with little hearts cut into the center of each.
Arianna had the twins dressed to perfection in pastel pink and lilac tutu’s, which would work perfectly with the wings Layla had made. It had not escaped Layla’s notice that her friend seemed to be always prepared in advance for what came, whether she knew about it or not, but she couldn’t dwell on that thought when their garden was the absolute perfect back drop for a couple of fairies having their pictures taken.
Isla and Eliana were super excited when Layla fished out the wings from the box of props she had brought. After putting them on, they ran inside to get their magic wands. Layla took her camera out, putting the strap around her neck and setting it up as needed. She snapped up a few shots of the picturesque garden and hearing some heavier footsteps on the deck, turned and took a few pictures of husband and wife as Daniel had joined them outside. She kept clicking away as the twins joined the couple shouting about their new wings,
“Fwy Daddy, fwy.” Chorused around them, along with tinkling laughter as Daniel swooped one little girl, then the other around in the air granting his daughters their wish to fly. After three turns each, he stooped down to kiss his little girls and then came over to Layla to introduce himself.
“Hi Layla. It’s nice to finally meet you. Although from the way Ari and now Bas talk about you, I feel like I already know you.” Daniel had offered her his hand for a shake but withdrew it as he got a slight scowl and a smack from his wife.
“It’s nice to meet you too.” Layla couldn’t remember the last time she had blushed so regularly but it seemed around any of the Rhodes family it was a common occurrence. She didn’t have enough time to latch on to the comment about ‘Bas’ before Ari linked her arm through Layla’s and asked,
“Where do you want to start then?” She steered them back towards the rear of the garden where the little girls were happily amusing themselves. They were crouched around the small pond talking to the ‘fishies’ and frantically waving their magic wands around. Their pale blonde curls were gathered up into small messy buns at the tops of their heads with escaped tendrils floating about with the slight breeze.
Layla unhooked her arm and returned the camera to her eye. She took some long shots then got closer and stooped down to their level, focusing and taking picture after picture from different angles. The girls were perfect models, taking hardly any notice to the camera, and allowing Layla to take a multitude of natural pictures. Much to Layla’s utter delight, Isla (the lilac twin, which is the only way she differentiated) picked up the slimy green toad from the edge of the pond in her chubby little hands and holding the animal with a gentleness she didn’t think toddlers had. She watched through the viewfinder as the little girl then brought the amphibian to her face and puckered up her tiny pink mouth, much to the disgust of her twin. Laughing at the scene she, snapped a few more off then left the girls to it to retrieve one of her most favourite props.
The large, ornate frame was leant against the raised decking and looked a lot heavier than it was. It wasn’t made of the metallic material it had been sprayed to look like. Daniel had seen her go to pick it up and, being a gentleman, had gone to help with the large object. He almost fell over at the weightlessness of the object and she chuckled along with him at his faux pas.
She could see the family resemblance between the men. Daniel and Sebastian had the same dark brown hair and similar facial features around the mouth and the eyes. But where Sebastian had those piercing blue eyes, Daniel had light-ish brown colour. They were both tall, but then, most people seemed tall to Layla’s 5ft 2 frame. When he stood next to her, she could tell that he wasn’t quite as tall as Sebastian though and he was leaner to Sebastian’s more bulky muscles. She couldn’t deny that Arianna’s husband was a handsome man. But in her eyes he just didn’t compare to Sebastian, even with the family resemblance.
“Where do you want this Layla?” Daniel asked, his voice lacking the roughness of his brothers.
“I was thinking it would be nice if you and Ari could hold it either side and frame the girls playing behind you.” She answered.
“Oo I like the sound of that.” Ari said, as she breezed past to take her place holding the golden frame with her husband. Layla took a few steps back to get the whole scene into her viewfinder. She took numerous pictures as the couple looked lovingly at each other and the girls played, oblivious to what was happening.
“Do you think the girls would pose behind the frame for a few Ari?” Layla asked.
“Probably. They have definitely inherited the Rhodes gene for liking being the center of attention.” Arianna replied with a light chuckle. “Girls, come over here and say ‘cheese’ with Mummy and Daddy please?”
The little girls came hand in hand towards their parents and Layla carried on clicking picture after picture. She already knew she had a lot to go through when she got home.
“Everybody smile for the camera and say ‘cheese’.” She called and was obeyed. The girls were young but so well behaved and Layla had a feeling it would not always be such plain sailing getting family portraits done.
“Girls can you give each other a hug?” Layla didn’t remove the camera from her face as she called instructions. The twins complied. They hugged, then kissed, then twirled with their wands and wings flapping around them. Daniel and Ari beamed at one another, at the girls, then towards the camera. Layla knew she had probably hundreds of fabulous pictures. The trick now would be narrowing them down to a collection for an album and then a favourite for canvas or framing, whichever the family preferred.
Layla finally removed the camera from her eyes and switched it to browse on the screen. She had cleared the memory stick for the shoot and the count now read 327.
“I think I should definitely have some crackers out of over three hundred pictures I have taken in the past hour and a half.” She flicked quickly through some of the pictures; even at first glance on the tiny screen of the camera, she could tell she did indeed have some beautiful pictures. She just hoped that they felt the same way about the images. It was an honor to be able to capture this beautiful family in a way they could keep for always. She knew that she was definitely and finally on the right career path.
“You two have the most photogenic family I know.”
“Thanks Layla. I agree that I have the most beautiful husband and girls in the world, I just hope my presence doesn’t ruin the pictures.”
“Oh don’t be silly Ari,” Daniel said, coming up to embrace his wife from behind. Enclosing her arms in his own he added, “plus I am sure Layla has all that airbrushing software to- Ahhhh, ha-ha I was only joking Sunshine.” He acquiesced as Ari struggled to elbow him in the ribs for such a comment.
Layla couldn’t resist and quickly took a few more shots of the loving couple as husband reassured wife that she was the most beautiful thing on this earth or probably in the entire universe.
Watching the pair, Layla had a sudden stab of envy. It felt heavy after the euphoria of taking such wonderful pictures and watching this family so at ease and in love with one another. She had never craved love and relationships like some of the girls she knew. Probably because she had never been short of love and affection through family and friends; and had always ‘settled’ with the knowledge that she was second best to her little sister when it came to attracting the opposite sex. But as she watched her friend with her husband, so wholly in love with each other, she knew she did actually want that for herself someday. With that little thought taking root inside her, her brain automatically and without encouragement had her picturing Sebastian Rhodes looking at her like his brother was looking at his wife. She shook the images off, replacing them with the ones stored on the tiny screen in her hands. Arianna approached and linked her arm through Layla’s once again while Daniel returned the ornate frame to the deck and collected the twins from the playhouse.
“Time for some refreshments I think.” Ari was not asking but telling and Layla chuckled to herself about how bossy her friend could be when she wanted to be. With such a natural confidence in herself, it was no wonder Arianna had no trouble fitting in to the large Rhodes family with ease. Layla wasn’t so sure she could be so at ease in such a large and vibrant family. She was most definitely looking forward to taking the pictures for the Anniversary party though. That was if Sebastian still wanted her to for the job, she thought with a sigh. It wasn’t looking like it since she had heard nothing from him about it in the past week.
“What’s the matter? Are we not such good models after all?” Ari asked, always in tune with the changing moods of the people around her. Layla fixed a bright smile onto her face; it was easy while thinking about all those hundreds of wonderful pictures she had taken today.
“Pfft, as if you don’t know what a gorgeous family you have.” Layla gave her a playful nudge as they moved onto the deck to sit and have a drink. “I was just a little worried as I haven’t heard from Sebastian about the party job since our lunch last Saturday. I hope he hasn’t changed his mind.” Ari gave her a knowing glance. “Ari, it was a business lunch and I really want that job.”
Ari laughed again, “I see your feelings through your eyes little friend. I know you want that job but that isn’t the only reason you’re disappointed that my little brother-in-law hasn’t called you all week.” She said the last bit in a mock whisper and with it brought the blush back to Layla’s cheeks. Ari laughed gently.
“Oh I remember how much I blushed when I met Daniel and he can still have that effect on me three years and a half years later. I thought Bas offered you the job? If he did, then there’s no need to worry it’s yours. I know he’s busy at work at the moment and there are still a few things to finalise before he can let you know what time to be there to set up.” Arianna had settled the nerves Layla had over the job but the disappointment of not hearing from the man still lingered. With it, a sliver of worry embedded itself. What if her friends don’t like her work at the end of it all?
“Okay, I was a little worried about if he’d changed his mind. I kinda left in a hurry after our lunch and I was almost late for my shift.” Daniel came to join them with the twins and a plate of sandwiches.
“Ah so that’s why you rushed off, Bas thinks he’s scared you off. Thankfully he’s been too busy this week to moan about it to me any more than he did on Sunday night.”
“Scared me off?” Layla asked, confused by the turn in the conversation. She noticed Ari give her husband another cryptic look.
“Erm…yeah, well, he said he was very impressed with your pictures of the girls and your idea for the ‘photo-booth’. We are all happy to cross off another thing for this party. I’m sure once everything is finalised, as in Mum and Dad are confirmed to be shipped out of their house for the day, he will be in touch with what time you should arrive. We definitely want you for the job.”
After a sandwich and a cold drink Layla decided it was time to leave. She was itching to have a proper look at the pictures from today.
“Thank you for letting me come today. I’ve really enjoyed it. I can’t wait to see what I have. You guys have the perfect garden for what I wanted to do today and mother-nature has been kind enough to provide the perfect weather too.”
“I think I’m as excited as you about it,” both women rose to their feet, “Do we pay you when you bring the finished work?”
“I hadn’t thought about that because you’re my friend.” Layla explained, slightly embarrassed.
“This is your job now. So just like you never take flowers from my shop without paying for them- no matter how many times I offer you a freebie- we will not be taking advantage of your new found career either.” Arianna declared quite stubbornly.
“Well how about a compromise? I will only charge you for the prints I come back with as long as you recommend me to all your family and friends as I hear it’s a very large network to know. That reminds me, what do you want me to come back with? I was thinking an album and a large canvas to hang up, unless you would prefer a framed picture? But I find that canvases are very popular at the moment.”
“You sound so professional. I’m so proud of you, even if it’s not really my place to say things like that.” Arianna gave Layla a quick squeeze. “I think an album and a canvas sounds great, don’t you Daniel?” Daniel nodded his agreement around a large mouthful of egg-mayo sandwich.
“Thanks Ari, it means a lot. I will text you as soon as I know when things will be ready, but I will probably see you before that anyway. I’m due some new flowers.” She turned to Daniel, “It’s been lovely meeting you.” Daniel shook her hand and she recognized that playful spark behind his hazel eyes.
“Any message for my brother in case he asks?” She laughed at the wriggling eyebrow thing that he did and did her best to keep her newest blush to a minimum. Ari was definitely right, these Rhodes boys were a force to be reckoned with and she had only met two of them.
“No, no message other than don’t forget to let me know what time I can arrive to set up and where I need to be. Thanks again for today guys. I’ll see you soon.” The twins came to her and pulled on her t-shirt. She automatically bent down and gave them each a hug and kiss on the cheek, careful not to knock the wings they had refused to remove after the picture taking was finished. “You two are the most beautiful fairies in the world. Thank you for being so good while I took your picture.”
“Bye Layla.” The girls chorused. It was the sweetest thing, watching them struggle to pronounce her name and each exaggerating the ‘L’s as their tongues came popping out of their mouths. They gave her a double squeeze, which warmed her heart, before she left for home.




Chapter seven

“Bas! Are you even listening to me?” Olivia’s voice came louder through the phone at his ear and he closed his eyes to concentrate on his irate little sister.
“Sorry, Liv’s you have my full attention. What’s the problem now?”
“The party is in just over a week Bas. Invitations went out two weeks ago. I have most of the RSVP’s. I need confirmation on this photographer you and Ari found. And more importantly, the plan to get rid of Mum and Dad till the appropriate time. Ethan said you said you would take care of that as well, which was ridiculous because he told me about your work load at the minute. I swear to god if you mess this up because all the men in this family can be control freaks and think they can do everything, I will not be held responsible for my actions.”
“Breathe Livi,” he actually heard the deep breath his sister had to take after getting that all out in one. It brought a smile to his face. She was a feisty thing, always had been, but then he supposed she had to have been being the only girl with five brothers. “I will confirm with Layla today. She will be there early to set up her booth. Ethan and I are using our gift to them as the plan for getting them out while we set up. We have booked them into the Honeymoon-suite at the Crowne-Plaza for the Friday night, with a pamper package that will take most of Saturday from them. We gave it to them last night. How do you not know this you still live there, surely you see them?”
“Well of course I see them, just not for the last couple of days. I’m on nights Bas. It’s still a surprise party, with just over a week to go. This is the nearest we have got to surprising mum without her finding out about it before hand. I’m scared to blow it myself; I keep getting all nervous around her. You know what Mum’s like. We don’t even know she’s extracting inside information from us till we spill it all. God I hope she has passed that skill on to me for when I have kids, although…” there was a slight pause and Sebastian knew she was rubbing her jaw in that ‘evil genius’ way she liked to do. “…I am quite good at it with all you lot, so I think I’m good. Anyway-” 
“Yes you’re getting off point and you will blow it if you keep avoiding Mum. She will end up thinking something is wrong with you and then she will go all ‘Super-spy’ on us all and the surprise will be ruined.”
“Okay, okay, I will get a grip. It’s just emotional.” A sigh came through the line. “Thirty five years of marriage, it’s so romantic.” She gushed.
“It sure is.” Sebastian agreed.
“Wait, what? Since when are you a romantic? What am I missing? Omigod have you met someone?”
“What? No, well-” Sebastian had to remove the phone from his ear at the drum splitting screech travelling through at light speed.
“Sebastian-Henry-Rhodes! Don’t you be holding out on me, you’re favourite sister-”
“You’re my only sister Olivia-Kate-Rhodes.”
“You’ve got two now with Ari. I can’t wait till all you boys have better halves and me and mum have some serious back-up for our team. Now, you can distract me from night shifts and party-pressure with news of the girl you met.”
“Sorry Sis, no-can-do. All you need to know is that all party preparations are going according to plan. So as long as we can all keep it to ourselves for the next ten days, we will achieve our first surprise party.”
“Aww Bas pleeaassee. I’ll keep it to myself. I promise, please, please? I really do need the distraction. I don’t have time for dates at the minute. Let a girl live vicariously.” He really didn’t need to see her to know, without a doubt, that she had rounded her big brown eyes in that way that could make any man cave and give her whatever she asked for. With a small growl of frustration, he gave in.
“Fine. Yes, I have may have met someone I find very… intriguing. But I haven’t asked her out yet, so you will have to wait till after the party for anymore gossip.”
“Why after the party? It’s not like you, or any of us for that matter, to wait for what we want.” Olivia said with a chuckle. “Unless… you really like her. Hmmm, you have me intrigued now; you know you may as well give me the details. It gets me off your back faster.”
“No Livi. I don’t want anything ruining my chances. If all goes well then after the party is over, I can make my move.”
“So she’ll be at the party? But not you’re date for the party? Oh-my-gosh it’s Ari’s friend, the photographer, isn’t it?” He took it as a rhetorical question when she didn’t give him chance to answer. “Ari mentioned you took her for lunch, ooh the plot thickens. One of my ‘man-whore’ brothers has been struck by Cupids arrow eh? Can’t wait to meet her. Right I’ll let you go, now I have the inside scoop. Ta-ra.” The line went dead before Sebastian had said a word to confirm or deny his sisters theory. Not that he thought there was a point to denying it as she had got it spot on. What is it with the women in his family? Although they were out-numbered by the men, they all had their wiley ways of getting information or jumping to the right conclusions with little to no help. Surely men weren’t that predictable?
Sebastian dipped his hand into his pocket and retrieved Layla’s business card. He had been grateful for his jam-packed schedule since after their lunch. He had decided it would be more appropriate to wait until after the party to ask Layla out and didn’t want to have time to be tempted, no matter how much he worried that he may miss his chance in the meantime. But Ari had agreed and told him to stay away while they had their family photo-shoot, giving him the ‘all good things come to those who wait’ sentiment. So he would wait, but not too long. Ten more days. Picking up his mobile phone, he dialed the number.
“Hi, you’re through to Layla. I’m busy at the moment, please leave a message and I will get back to you as soon as I can.” He was equal parts disappointed and relieved at this.
“Hello Layla, this is Sebastian Rhodes. I’m calling about the details you wanted for the party on the ninth…” He pondered whether to send an email with the details instead as that was also listed on the card but in the end couldn’t resist the temptation of hearing her voice again. “You can reach me on this number when you’re free, in case you have any more questions. Talk to you soon.”  He ended the call.
Ten more days, most of which fared like the last couple of weeks, full of work and party planning enough to keep him occupied until the time was right.
~~~
Deflated, yes that was definitely the word Layla would use to sum herself up right now. The euphoria of Sunday’s shoot had evaporated while the pictures she had taken downloaded on to her laptop. She watched the hundreds of pictures flash through her screen on the way to the hard-drive and an avalanche of insecurities swamped her. What if her friend didn’t love the pictures she had taken? What if she hated them? What if this was a complete waste of her time and her friend’s family’s time? What if Sebastian could see that she was really just an amateur with a love for artistic activities and he’d changed his mind about the job and that was why she had yet to hear off him. He must be trying to find a replacement before he called to say he no longer needed her.
After giving her-self a bit of a pep talk, she sifted through the hundreds of images and began sorting them into, in her opinion, ‘good’, ‘average’ and ‘poor’. So absorbed in her self-doubt, she hadn’t noticed Jasmine, who stood behind her examining all of the pictures. Layla started at the unexpected sound of her sister’s voice.
“Wow, there are so many of them. How can you take so many and they all be so good?” Jasmine asked with a slight awe in her tone.
“You have to say that. You’re my sister.” At Jasmine’s extended silence, Layla turned to face her. Jasmine raised her right eyebrow as high as it would go and gave her sister a look of utter disbelief.
“As my sister, you should know me better. I will always give you an honest opinion even if I know it carries the risk of hurting your feelings.” Layla couldn’t help but smile; that was certainly true. Both girls had decided many years ago to always be honest with one another. There had been some fall-outs due to this agreement but they always made up. After all was said and done, honesty and loyalty came from a good place. Plus, you can’t stay mad at someone for an honest opinion that comes from love just because it wasn’t what you wanted to hear.
“Thanks Jazzy.” Layla said. Jasmine answered with a tight squeeze around her elder sister’s shoulders. It was the boost Layla needed and she settled down to work through the images.
By Wednesday, she was back in her flunk. There had still been no word from Sebastian and, because of that, she was back to doubting her work. After a quick call to her Grandparents house, she packed up her laptop and headed over to see them. On arrival, she was ushered through to the living room by her Nan. The biscuit tin was on the coffee table along with a glass of her favourite lemonade. She loved how her Nan had always done this for them. Even now they were grown up, they still enjoyed the childhood routines of treats on arrival at Nan and Pappy’s house.
“So to what do we owe this unexpected visit?” George asked as he gave his granddaughter a hug.
“Hi Pappy. If you’re not too busy, I’d like to show you the pictures I took last week and get your opinion on them.”
“Never too busy for one of my girls. Let’s see what you have.”
Layla moved the tin over, swiping one of the chocolate covered biscuits before replacing the lid and set her laptop up on the coffee table. George and Elsie watched the slide-show of images on the screen, saying little. George occasionally tilting his head, one way or another, and Elsie’s smile widening at the images of the twins playing naturally, in the garden.
“They’re beautiful little girls. Reminds me of how you and Jasmine used to play in our garden when you were around that age.” Elsie sighed happily at the memories playing through her head. Her husband cleared his throat and Layla prepared her-self for the worse, while the negative vibe she had been carrying still ran riot through her system.
“Overall, I would say you’ve done a good job girl. I’m impressed, not that I didn’t believe you could do it. It’s just that more often than not, it’s us men that have the better eye for photography.” He said this with a slightly condescending tone that made her grandmother give a slight irritated growl. “There are few little pointers I can give you to help you along the way, but you certainly seem to have a good eye for it and experience is the best lesson anyone can have. If you didn’t have a natural flair it would stand out from the beginning and you would never get more than mediocre shots no matter what equipment you used or pointers you were given. Did you bring your camera?”
“Yes, it’s in my car.”
“Come on then, let’s go get that and see what we can do.”
When it was time to leave, Layla couldn’t tell whether she felt better or worse. Her head was bursting with all the information her grandfather had given her about different lenses and different settings on modern cameras. Even though he was now retired, he had kept himself up-to-date with the changing technology. He explained that back in his day it was all done manually. He thought that the modern day camera’s had their good points but it made for lazy photographers that would stay safe and use what he called the ‘P’ mode. He had used air quotes as he told her those in the business referred to this as ‘professional’. When, really, it was those that used the ‘manual’ mode that were the most skilled. Some of it she had learned from her photography course but a man with over fifty years’ experience had so much more to offer.
After arriving home feeling much more positive than when she had left, she wondered if she had enough time for editing before her evening shift. She checked the time on the screen of her phone, 14:34pm. Yes, she had a couple of spare hours to spare and a missed call off a number she didn’t recognise. She swiped a finger across the touch screen and retrieved the voicemail the unrecognised number had left. Her stomach took a dive to her feet as the deep voice rumbled through her ear. Sebastian Rhodes had finally called to confirm. Although he hadn’t left her any details on the short message, he had asked her to call him back. This request did little to bring her stomach back up to the right place. After another internal pep talk, she was ready to make the phone call. After all she had managed to get through lunch with the man a quick phone call would be easy-peasy.
She dialled the number into her mobile phone and wasted another minute by saving it to her contact list, ‘just in case’. Taking a deep breath, she pressed the call icon on the screen. Hopefully he would be busy at work and unable to answer. She could just tell him to send the details by email or text to her, as she didn’t have any other questions to add. Luck was not on her side. After the second ring, his deep voice answered with a curt “Hello.”
“Hello, this is Layla Alexander, the photographer-”
“Oh hi Layla, so you got my message then?” Sebastian wanted to smack himself in the head for such stupid comments. 
“It would seem so.” He could hear the laughter in her voice. “I was beginning to worry you had found someone else for the job until I saw that I missed your call this afternoon.”
“Not at all. I apologise for my tardiness, I have had a hectic work schedule since we last spoke. Right, so as I told my sister Olivia this morning, everything is on track now and I can confirm that the party is due to start at 7:30pm on Saturday the ninth. The marquees will be arriving early and everything else will arrive after that. I am planning on being there early too, at my sister’s insistence, to help with all that I can and to give her time to get ready. What time would you like to set up?”
“Would six o’clock be too early? I want to make sure I am all set up and ready to go before any guests arrive, if that’s ok?” Nervous energy whizzed around her at the thought of seeing Sebastian again and not doing a good enough job for him and his family. No, you will not allow negative thoughts to ruin this opportunity! She scolded herself.
“That sounds great. Do you have pen and paper to jot down the address?”
“Oh yes, just let me grab them...” he could hear a rummaging noise, “right, got it, go ahead.”
He relayed the address and she wrote it down in a small notepad from her satchel. Then she had a thought.
“Ooh, while I have you, I do have a question. Will there be children attending? I was wondering in case I needed to add a couple more kid-friendly props into my box?”
“Yes, there will be some children early on. I know the twins aren’t staying long. Ari’s Mum is going to leave early and take them home with her and give Daniel and Ari the night off to enjoy themselves. I’d say prepare for kids being there too.” Sebastian was tempted to try and make some small talk but wasn’t given the chance. He liked talking to this girl. She had a refreshingly light and excitable voice.
“Okay, that’s great. I will see you at six on the ninth then.”
“You sure will. See you soon Layla.”
“Bye.” The single word came out slightly strangled and she ended the call before her speeding heart made her say something stupid or inappropriate like the day they had met. His deep voice had felt intimate in her ear as he said ‘you sure will’. It almost sounded like a threat, not in the nasty sense, but it had some sort of purpose and it probably was a threat to her sanity and, quite possibly, her heart. She was almost certainly through the gates of Crush-ville already. Layla reminded herself that he was her client first and foremost. She really needed to keep her feelings locked away and stay professional. It wouldn’t do to be making a fool of herself with her first real client no matter what the affects he had on her.




Chapter eight

The Rhodes family home was alive with activity. The large back garden now housed an immaculate white Marquee; it ran from the back of the house and covered two thirds of the garden. Reams of coral and white twinkling lights ran the length of both walls of the marquee, continuing out of the opening they wound their way around the alfresco patch of garden. The staff from the furniture hire company were placing tables and chairs around the area and dressing them in white fabrics with coral coloured ties.
Sebastian walked through the maze of motion searching for Olivia, where he would be put to work and boy did he need the work. For the last ten days, he had never been so thankful for how busy BASE Security had become. He had started the business with his eldest brother, Ethan, three years ago and it was thriving. Work had consumed his daylight hours. Working out and running had pushed him into sheer exhaustion at the end of each busy day.
He was looking forward to the party, of course. Thirty-five years of marriage for his parents was definitely something to celebrate. The fact that they had managed to keep the party planning from his mother added to the excitement. But the icing on the cake would be that he would see Layla again and at the end of the evening the work between them would be over and he would be free to ask her out. He had likened his behaviour to when he was a child counting down the last week until Santa Claus came leaving all his gifts.
Olivia was found in the kitchen arranging glasses and drinks on the counter. There was enough alcohol in the house to stock a small pub. An enormous glass punch bowl was situated at the end of the counter with the makings still in containers inside it, Charlie always made the punch. His ‘secret’ recipe was legendary within the family. Everybody enjoyed the fruity but extremely potent mixture.
“Hey Livi. How’s it all going?” Sebastian leaned down to give his sister a peck on the cheek.
“Thank god you’re here. I’ve been on my own all morning. Matty called to say something urgent came up at work and he wouldn’t get here till after three. Daniel has the twins and Charlie and Ethan have fell off the face of the earth. I can’t do this all by myself.” She heaved a ragged breath as Sebastian rubbed her arms in a soothing motion.
“Calm down Liv’s, I’m here now and ready to be put to work wherever you need me.” He said with a smile.
“Okay, good. Right, think, think. Ah my brain is too full. I don’t know where to start.” Sebastian stifled his chuckle at his little sister almost freaking out.
“Well it looks like the ‘bar’ is set up. The garden is looking great. What isn’t ready that can be done early?”
“Can you go to Rosebud’s and get the table centre pieces and the balloons from Ari please? I know she said she will bring them when she closes up, but I want to make sure everywhere is set up as soon as possible so when the caterers arrive it’s all ready.”
“No problem, I will get that done now. Is there anything else while I’m out?”
“I don’t think so, but keep your phone handy. If I think of anything else I will let you know.”
“Okey-dokey.” He paused before leaving, “Are you sure you wouldn’t rather I stay and help here? You do look a little stressed.”
“No, you go and do this please. Once the place is properly dressed I will calm down. After that, we will be waiting for the caterers and Layla.” Olivia’s big brown eyes danced around the room.
“You’re doing a great job little sis’. Try to calm down, it’s all going brilliantly.”
“Hmmm there’s still time for something to go wrong and I have this nagging feeling I am forgetting to check something but I have no idea what it is.”
“Surely you have a list somewhere. You and mum always have lists, go check that.” Sebastian made his way through the safety of the house and left through the front door.
The next few hours flew by. Sebastian returned with a car full of floral centre pieces, banners and enough helium balloons to float him and his car away if he wasn’t careful. When he got back to the house, he helped Olivia put up the banners and tie balloons down. Ethan and Charlie arrived and pitched in to help; Charlie had brought his docking station and his surround-sound-style speakers and set them up. At four o’clock, the food started arriving and Olivia felt it was safe to leave the boys to it so she could go and get ready.
“Right then, I am leaving you boys in charge for a while. Please DO NOT eat the food. I have left a tray of butties and crisp on the coffee table in the living room. That and only that is allowed until later. I am going to have a soak and make myself beautiful.” She said with a smile and skipped lightly up the stairs. Almost at the top, she stopped and turned to shout down,
“Oh Bas, what time is your girl coming? You need to clear an area for her.”
Sebastian turned to see two pairs of raised eyebrows, as he called up in response.
“She said six, and she’s not my girl.” He speared a look at his brothers. Charlie and Matty, who were the worst for winding people up and he didn’t want any nonsense from them. But Olivia was determined to put her foot well and truly in it and the three of them clearly heard her “Not yet.” as she disappeared into her bedroom. Sebastian tried to diffuse this situation quickly.
“Take no notice of Livi. Layla is Ari’s friend and the photographer for tonight so be nice.” He knew enough that if he protested too much about this girl, his brothers would then be on a mission to annoy either him or her, or both of them in fact. The pair looked at each other; a silent message conveyed in seconds and then looked back to Sebastian holding their hands up in surrender. Charlie took the lead,
“Okay, okay, we’ll behave. Won’t we, Matty?”
“Sure, best behaviour, scouts honour.” Matty joined in.
There was nothing else Sebastian could do; any more would only stoke the fire inside his mischievous brothers.
“Well, it all seems to be under control her. We should probably go and get ready ourselves.” He tried distraction.
“Got it covered, we brought our party clothes here so just need a quick shower and done.” Charlie replied, “Do you need to go get yourself beautiful too? I can see why you need all this time, but really you should just accept that you’re the ugly brother.” Charlie and Matthew laughed.
“It’s alright man, really.” Matty said, trying to catch his breath, “Go get pretty. If your girl turns up we’ll look after her, won’t we Charlie?”
“That’s what I’m afraid of.” Sebastian mumbled as he walked off. He needed to get ready fast and get back. There was no way he was letting his ‘man-whore’ brothers, as Livi called them, get anywhere near Layla.
Just over an hour later, Sebastian had showered, trimmed down his ‘designer’ stubble and dressed in a baby-blue shirt and Navy jeans. He rolled up the sleeves as he left his bedroom, picking up his phone and an overnight bag, just in case. The phone rang as he opened the door to the apartment.
“Hey Livi. I am on my way back now. Everything okay?”
“No it’s not; I knew I’d forgotten something! It’s the cake Bas. It hasn’t arrived. I just called the place and the delivery van has broken down and now we have no cake! They said if someone is coming now they will wait till we have picked it up before they close for the day. Can you go Bas? Please?” He knew from the speed of his sisters little speech that she was a few breaths away from a mini-meltdown.
“Give me the address and I will pick it up on my way back.” He knew he sounded a bit short but he couldn’t help it. As he wrote the address, he realised he definitely would not be back in time to welcome Layla and keep his brothers away from her.
~~~
Layla’s bedroom looked like a wardrobe monster had spewed its guts all over the room. Clothes lay everywhere. She had prided herself on being organised and ready for tonight’s job. Her camera was charged and ready, lens’s cleaned and packed, flashes and lights were also packed and her props were boxed and already in the car. With Jasmine’s help, she had picked out fifteen props to choose from. These included a few different style hats, a feather boa, a plastic moustache, an eye-mask on a stick, two old style telephones, a selection of different sized empty frames and, Jasmine’s personal favourite, a horse whip. She had a large gingham sheet in coral pink and an adjustable tidy rack with the biggest pegs she could find to use as the back drop.
After showering and applying minimal make-up, she pulled her long dark waves into a messy bun at the back of her head then went to her wardrobe to get dressed, where her dilemma had begun. Why had she not considered what to wear until the very last minute? She wanted to look professional. She needed to be able to move freely without risk of flashing anyone so all the skirts had been thrown back in. Her problem came when that slutty voice had been adamant that professional was good but could also encompass a little sex appeal to impress a certain blue-eyed, deep-voiced male. And the truth was, she did want to impress him.
For the first time in a long time, she wanted to have a man, that man, notice her. She was both thankful and annoyed that Jasmine was out again. Thankful to not have to explain why she was having a melt-down over what to wear and annoyed that she wasn’t there to give her opinion. In the end, for sanity’s sake and because she was running out of time, she drowned out the slut and decided on a pair of black skinny jeans that hugged her curves like a second skin, a black vest with a cream lace t-shirt over the top and finished it with flat black pumps. Ready to go with only minutes to spare, she finished loading the car and set off her stomach in a tight knot of nerves.
The knot tightened further as she pulled into the drive of the large brick house. Layla took a moment to compose herself, drawing in some deep breaths and willing her confidence up a few notches. This is not about impressing a man, this is about creating a successful business venture, she told herself as she exited her car and reached into the back seat for her bags.
“You must be Layla.”
The voice came out of nowhere, startling Layla enough to bang her head on the door frame as she hastily dragged her upper body out of the car. She bit her lip to stifle the pain and the curse that hung on the edge of her tongue. Rubbing the back of her head, she turned to greet him.
“Sorry about that. I didn’t mean to frighten you. I’m Matty.” The man said reaching out a hand, “I’ve come to see if you need a hand with anything?”
Layla shook his hand and studied him a moment. Definitely one of the brothers. He looked a lot like Daniel but his eyes where darker, a warm chocolate brown and his hair was lighter, a dirty blonde with some sun-lightened streaks and younger looking, she thought. They all seemed to have that devastating smile down to an art.
“Hi, yes I’m Layla. It’s nice to meet you Matty. I do have a few bags and boxes. I appreciate the help, thanks.” She bent back inside the car, giving Matthew a clear few seconds to check out her posterior. He could definitely see why his brother was interested. The girl had some killer curves. He gladly took the box from her along with a large bag; she loaded herself up with two more bags and a smaller box before they made their way into the house.
“This is a beautiful house. I’m excited to be doing this job. Such a large and good-looking family can only improve my portfolio.” She blushed a little as she realised that verbal-diahorrea condition was coming back. Matty was looking at her with a raised eyebrow and a mischievous smile.
“So you think I’m good looking?” he watched as she turned a darker shade of pink and refused to look away. “Not as good as Bas though, eh?” Her eyes widened for a second before she composed herself.
“No, I mean, yes. Oh god, sorry. You’re all very handsome, which I’m sure you already know, although I haven’t met everyone yet.” She inwardly cringed at her stupid mouth. “I’m just starting out and I’m nervous. It makes my brain-to-mouth filter malfunction so please ignore most of what I say.” She chuckled, a light and nervous sound. Matthew laughed openly.
“I can definitely see why he likes you so much. C’mon, this way.” He said as he led her through the front door and to the left into a cosy room that looked like an office. Layla was confused by his last remark, who liked her? She thought but was quickly distracted after a quick glance around the room. It would be perfect for her booth. A smile lit her face as her mind focused on work again and the comment forgotten.
“This is perfect, Matty. I hope you will all like my photos.” Her excitement poured off her in waves and you couldn’t help but be drawn in.
“I’m sure you’ll do great Layla.” He said with a smile, “I’ll leave you to get set up. If you need anything just give me a shout. Olivia and Charlie are around too. Have you met them yet?”
“No, not yet. I met Sebastian at Rosebud’s a few weeks ago and Daniel when I did a family shoot at their house with Ari and the girls. You look a lot like Daniel. Do your other brothers all look the same?”
“We don’t think so but most people think we do. Do you have brothers and sisters?”
“A little sister.”
“Do you two look alike?”
“Hardly,” a slight snort escaped her, “Jasmine is much prettier than me.”
“Now I find that hard to believe.” He looked at her and realised she was serious and blushing again from his compliment. “Well like I said, if you need anything just holler.” She was a nice girl, but the plan would only work once Bas returned, so he may as well leave her to get set up and go find Charlie.




Chapter nine

Layla placed the two boxes of props on the cleared desk and set about erecting her lights and back-drop. The lights went up without any bother but when it came to the back-drop, she had a little trouble. Back at home, she had climbed on the back of the sofa to raise the tidy rail, heavy with the fabric, to the correct height but in someone else’s house she didn’t want to be climbing over their furniture. At her third attempt to raise the bar, bit by bit on each side, she made the mistake of taking a hand off before she had secured the pole and it came sliding back down under the weight of the heavy fabric banging her on the head. She couldn’t seem to stop the curse at this second head injury in the last hour.
“Ow, fucking stupid thing. Just go up and stay up!” she growled at the inanimate object.
“Having trouble?” a deep voice rumbled from the doorway. Layla let out a little squeal of fright. Jeez, is it like frighten and injure Layla night or what?
“Yes, and sorry if you heard my potty mouth. This thing has a mind of its own and has just given me my second head injury of the night.”
“Here let me. I’m Charlie by the way. Nice to meet you.”
“You too, Charlie.” Layla rubbed the new sore spot as she watched Charlie erect the tidy-rail in minutes and with great ease. “Thanks for that.” She said with a smile as he turned back towards her.
“No problem, now let’s take a look at that head. I’m the assigned first-aider for tonight.” He said with a wink. As he examined her head with gentle fingers, she took a moment to look at the fourth brother. Charlie looked most like Sebastian; they had more similar facial features, the same vibrant blue eyes and confidence. Charlie was very tanned and his hair was a few shades lighter blonde than Matthew’s. Layla presumed he must’ve been on holiday recently, as although the weather had been quite fine of late there hadn’t been enough sun to get that tanned.
“Just a little scratch.” Charlie noticed movement from the doorway and looked over to see Sebastian glaring at him.
“Am I interrupting?” Sebastian asked, barely able to control the jealousy he felt at seeing his brother in such close contact with the object of his affections. He watched as Charlie casually put his arm around Layla’s shoulder and smiled a self-satisfied smile.
“Not at all Bas. Just helping Layla set up.” Layla wasn’t sure what was going on with the brothers but felt very uncomfortable and removed herself from under Charlie’s arm, glad that he allowed her the freedom; she took a small step away.
The fire that was burning inside Sebastian dulled slightly as Layla stepped away from his brother. Obviously, Olivia had let them know that he liked her. But he had laid no claim to her yet and was still a few hours away from doing so. He swore to himself that if his brothers fucked this up for him, heads would roll. They hadn’t had an actual fight since they were teenagers. Being the most self-confident of the five brothers, it had been Charlie and Sebastian that had got into the most fights with each other. If Matthew had been a few years older, there might have been more battles but thankfully he had been too small to fight with when they were kids.
As the brothers eyed each other in a slightly hostile way, Layla took in the sight of Sebastian. With the extra lights in the room and the baby-blue of his dress shirt, his blue eyes seemed to pop right out. His stubbled jaw trimmed down to a rugged perfection and his dark brown hair slightly mussed up, like he’d been running his fingers through it. He looked magnificent, she thought. His shirt was a slim-fit and hugged his masculine shape well, tightening over his wide chest as he crossed his arms.
“It’s nice to see you again, Sebastian.” Her voice seemed to break whatever moment the men were having and when he turned his face to look at her, all the tension left his eyes and he smiled. That devastating one, that all the brothers she had met could pull off but only one brother affected her insides with.
“How’s it going Layla? Are you all set up now? Would you like a drink of anything?”
Her mouth was rather dry now.
“Yes please. Orange juice, if you have any?”
“I’ll get it.” Charlie said as he left the room. It seemed to close in around them even though there was one less large body inside.
“The rail fell on my head while I was trying to erect it.” Layla felt the need to fill the sudden silence and explain. Sebastian was finding it hard to deal with that sweet mouth saying words like ‘erect’. He stayed quiet. “Charlie was just making sure no damage was done.” She automatically touched the sore spot and winced slightly. There was a little scratch there after all.
Sebastian took a step towards her and the temperature in the room seemed to shoot right up. He gave her a ‘may I’ look and she nodded her approval as words seemed to fail her. He smoothed her hair away to look at the mark, the contact warming her entire head. He must’ve noticed the heat as next she felt his cool breath in a gentle blow against the scratch. Her own breath hitched in her throat and became short and a little erratic. He pulled away slightly and looked at her. Their bodies were close, almost but not quite touching. He could see her chest rise and fall a little faster than normal. She looked beautiful with her hair all pulled back, looking into his eyes with a wary yet longing look. He let his vision drop from her eyes to her mouth. Letting it linger for a few seconds longer than was appropriate until she bit that plump lower lip. He held his breath as his trousers tightened to uncomfortable levels. A tap on the door killed the intense moment and Olivia came in with Layla’s drink. Sebastian breathed a sigh of relief; these next few hours could well be his undoing.
“Hi Layla. I’ve been dying to meet you. I told the boys to let me know when you got here, but then they hardly ever do as their told.” Olivia rolled her smoky chocolate-brown eyes. Layla thought she was stunning in a silver-grey jumpsuit, blood red sky-scraper stilettos and lips to match. She towered over Layla in her flats.
“Hi, you must be Olivia. You look amazing.” She took the drink from the taller girl, “Thanks, I needed this after a fight with a tidy rail.”
“Are you sure you wouldn’t like something a little stronger?” Olivia asked with a chuckle.
“No thank you, I’m here to work; I can’t have blurry vision while I’m trying to take pictures.” Layla drank from the glass and placed it down on the desk next to the boxes while she set up the tripod for her camera.
“What are all these for?” Olivia asked, having a rummage through the boxes.
“They are props to pose with. I thought it would add character to the pictures and maybe help with people who feel a little uncomfortable having their picture taken.”
“There’s not many of them in our family.” Olivia said making Layla laugh.
“Yeah, so Sebastian tells me.” She glanced round but he had disappeared, not sure whether she was glad for the space or disappointed with the loss. She turned back to attach the camera to the tripod. “Would you like to pick something while I take some shots to make sure the light is right?”
“Hell yes. Right let’s see...” Olivia rummaged through both boxes and surprised Layla by taking out the cowboy hat and toy gun. She took centre stage in front of the backdrop and immediately struck a pose. Turning herself on an angle, the hat tipped slightly over one eye. She brought the gun up to her mouth and pouted like she was blowing the smoking gun, after firing a shot. Layla looked into the eye piece and smiled widely hoping all the guests were at ease and such natural posers. It would make her job so much easier. She took a few shots and checked them while Olivia took advantage of the pause to pick some different props. This time she emerged with one of the smaller frames. She held it, framing her face at an odd angle, showing Layla that although she was the only female of the siblings, she still had that devastating smile down just like the men. Olivia noticed her twin walking past and called out to him.
“Matty, come have a picture with me.” Matthew popped his head in the door noticing the props along the desk. Coming fully inside and getting the idea straight away. He first picked up the small trophy and nudged his sister out of the way, pulling a ridiculous celebration face and holding the cup above his head. Layla laughed out loud and took a couple of snaps while Olivia went back to the props. She popped the bowler hat on Matty, wrapped the black feather boa around her neck, then bent to kiss her brother on the cheek while he rolled his eyes. Layla found it difficult to not keep snapping away, but she had to start disciplining herself with the amount of images she would take. Pappy’s advice came to her mind. You need to learn discipline to keep your work load down for the editing stage. Why take five shots when one will do?
Next, the twins grabbed a telephone each. Matthew taking the 60’s style, with the large dial, and Olivia holding the ancient turn of the century telephone with its rounded pieces and no dials or buttons. Layla took a couple more snaps and was interrupted by the sound of the doorbell. Olivia jumped up and down on the spot.
“Yay, guests are arriving.” And she ran off to answer the door. Layla looked at the pictures and made a small adjustment to the lighting.
“These props make it fun; it’s a great idea Layla.” Matty added, as he ambled out of the room, “I shall send guests your way on arrival.”
“Thanks, Matty.” She said to his back, a moment later, she heard him doing exactly as he said. He encouraged the new arrivals to step into the photo-booth before going through to the party area.
The first guests, an older couple, came in checking out the set-up. He had thinning grey hair and dark eyes, dressed smartly in dress pants, shirt and tie with a rounded belly. His wife was average height, also with dark eyes, her short blonde hair styled with quite a modern flair, and she wore a knee length tailored peach dress.
“Hello, please feel free to choose a prop from the desk to pose with.”
“Oh Darling, look at these props.” the woman said to her husband. She chose the feather boa and the eye mask, picking the bowler hat and the plastic moustache for her husband.
“Aww honey, I wanted the cowboy hat and gun.” He playfully complained even as he placed his props in the appropriate places. Layla couldn’t stop the little chuckle from escaping.
“Take note young lady,” the woman said in between striking a pose, “no matter how old they get, the little boy in them never seems to grow up.” Her husband stood strong and slightly moody, looking at his posing wife from behind and Layla snapped a couple of shots. Before the couple had time to choose anything else, the next guests came into the booth for their turn.
Time flew by, as each arrival made their way through the booth on their way to join the other guests. Arianna and Daniel arrived with the twins, greeting Layla warmly and posing easily in the booth before moving on. Ethan the oldest brother arrived shortly after them with a dark haired girl who he politely refused to pose with. As Layla took their individual shots, she noticed that he seemed a lot quieter than the rest of the siblings. He was able to deflect the whirlwind called Sophia and not give in to her demands for a joint picture. He eventually agreed that he would come back and pose with the girl before the night was over. It made Layla want to jump for joy as everyone left the room with a smile on their face.
There was some slight shouting coming from the hall way and she popped her head out of the door to see what was going on. It seemed the guests of honour had arrived. Layla quickly unhooked the camera from the tripod and made her way to the front of the crowd, getting in position to capture the happy couples reaction. As the front door swung open, everyone yelled “Surprise” and Layla took a good few shots of the genuine shock and elation the couple conveyed at the sight before them. People moved forward to greet the pair and Layla returned to the booth to find Sebastian waiting.
“The others are going to bring Mum and Dad in for a family shot.” His smile was warm and inviting and oh so sexy.
“Great,” she said with a shy smile. “I’m having a wonderful time. The booth and props do seem to be going down well.”
“People are looking forward to the pictures already. I’m sure you will get lots more work from the happy guests here.” He said as he made his way over to the props.
“C’mon pick a prop; I haven’t taken your picture yet.” She watched him closely as he picked the bowler hat, moustache and gun out of the box. He took his place in front of the camera and did some semi-serious gangster poses before the rest of them ushered their mother and father in.
It was a bit of a tight squeeze. Eleven bodies all in one little office space but they made it fun using almost all of the different props and laughing loudly at each other. Elizabeth made her way through the bodies to introduce herself to the young girl taking the photographs.
“Hello, Layla is it? My name is Elizabeth and that old man there is Oliver. What a pleasure it is to meet you, this is all... wonderful,” she said on an indulgent sigh. Joy surrounded the woman like a warm blanket.
“Thank you. It’s lovely to meet the guests of honour at last. I’m so happy to be a part of all this.” Layla smiled genuinely at the older lady.
“So you are a friend of our Arianna?”
“Yes and she was kind enough to recommend me for the job. I’m so happy she did. This has been a wonderful experience so far. Your guests have been fantastic models.”
“Well Ari has a sixth sense when it comes to the best of things and we are happy to have more friends around. How old are you Layla, if you don’t mind me asking?”
“Not at all, I’m twenty-five, just starting my photography business so again thank you for giving me this opportunity.” Elizabeth waved her manicured hand in an ‘oh-don’t-be-silly’ fashion.
“Everyone has to start somewhere. Do you have a boyfriend?”
Before Layla realised it was a slightly inappropriate question, she had already answered, “No.”
“I have handsome, single sons that are up for grabs. Any interest?” Elizabeth Rhodes was on a mission to have more of her boys settled and giving her more grandbabies and she had took an instant liking to this woman.
Layla didn’t even have any control of the track of her eyes as they landed on Sebastian, at his mother’s questions. It did not go unnoticed either. Elizabeth followed her gaze and noticed that her son looked straight back at the girl with a look she remembered from when her own romance with her husband was blossoming. It warmed her heart. Sebastian worked too hard. He needed a loving woman to balance his life out a little more and from the looks of it, he wanted this one. Well, as his mother, it was up to her to help in any way possible.




Chapter ten

Music and chatter filled the marquee. Layla spent the next couple of hours observing and capturing moments throughout the party. People danced, talked, ate and drank.
Oliver made a beautiful speech, thanking all his guests for helping to celebrate thirty-five years of an amazing marriage to a woman who is even more beautiful now than the day they met so long ago. Elizabeth cried openly. There weren’t many dry eyes left in the place. Even Layla herself couldn’t help but let a couple of tears fall, making it difficult to focus for a few minutes. He thanked all of his children for arranging this wonderful gathering and finished his speech insisting that everyone return to dancing, drinking and being merry.
Layla took image after image, the happy couple dancing together, with various guests and with their children. Friends and relatives catching up, some noticing her in the back ground and posing, while others in the group were oblivious. The few children that had attended had certainly noticed her and after having their photo taken, it became one teenage boy’s mission to ‘photo-bomb’ every subsequent shot in the next twenty minutes. As Layla circled the make-shift dance floor, camera glued to her face, she didn’t notice an approaching figure. Matthew tapped her lightly on the shoulder to get her attention.
“Take a break and dance with me?” he asked, giving her one of those devastating smiles this family used like ammunition to annihilate any chance of them not getting their own way.
“I’m here to work, Matty. I don’t think it’s appropriate.”
“You’ve been at it for hours. Surely you’re entitled to a quick break? Plus, you are a friend of the family so it’s not at all inappropriate to dance at a party.” He counter argued, “Unless you have a boyfriend, then I suppose it would be a little inappropriate to dance with another man.” He raised his eyebrow in a playful manner. Layla wanted to say yes, she had a boyfriend. It would, after all, get her out of this situation but she didn’t want to tell a lie. She wasn’t any good at them anyway. Her brain came up with no alternative excuse so, with a slight reluctance, she placed her hand in Matty’s and followed him onto the dance floor, her camera resting below her chest. Matty reached his hands around her neck, making Layla a little uncomfortable. He took hold of the strap of the camera and scooped it out from behind her head smiling, kindly at her. He looked over her shoulder and casually passed the camera to a scowling Sebastian.
“Perfect timing, thanks man. Here hold this while I give this pretty lady a twirl around the dance floor.” He didn’t wait for a verbal response but once Sebastian had a white knuckled grip on the strap. He released it and did indeed twirl Layla away. She swore she heard Sebastian growl as they departed. Matty chuckled lightly as he twisted and swayed with Layla.
“What’s so funny?” Layla asked with a small smile.
“Bas’s sour face, look.” He whirled them round to position Layla, so she had a view of Sebastian.
“Why does he look like he wants to kill you?”
“Because he probably does.” He replied, lightly leaning down close to her ear and rotating again so he could give his brother a sly wink.
“He didn’t seem too pleased with Charlie earlier either. Do you two not get along with him?” she asked, trying to figure Sebastian out a little. He had seemed very amiable to her and she was puzzled at the animosity.
“We are all very close, I mean, we have our fall outs at times but we love each other really. Charlie and I just like winding him up. He does it to us too though, so it’s all fair.” Matthew explained with a smile and a small shrug.
Layla found it enjoyable dancing with Matthew. He had some good moves and he was funny, making her laugh a few times as they weaved in and out between the other dancers, with his witty comments on family members.
Sebastian watched, as his brother held tight to Layla. Watched her smile and laugh at whatever he was saying and, with each passing minute, his temper grew hotter. His mother came over and wrapped her arm around his back, taking hold of the camera in her free hand.
“I can’t stand you looking like this any longer. For heaven’s sake, go get your girl back off your brother.” Sebastian looked down at Elizabeth in surprise. “Yes, it is plain for all to see that you like her, which is probably the reason that Matthew and Charlie have been paying her so much attention. I just don’t understand the need you boys have to play jokes on each other but I do recognise them, having witnessed so many over the years.” She rubbed her hand lovingly across his back before giving him a firm double tap of encouragement. “She’s a lovely girl Sebastian and I’ve seen the way she looks at you too. Now go do what you have to do to get me some dark haired grandbabies.”
Sebastian shook his head and smiled, “It’s always about giving you those grandbabies.”
“No,” Elizabeth disagreed, “It’s about seeing my children happy and not so lonely, that’s all a mother really wants. Grandbabies are just an added bonus to that.” She then basically pushed him on his way. Taking a deep breath, he walked on to claim his woman.
Sebastian wound his way through the bodies and waited until Matthew swung Layla away from him to slip into her open stride. Placing his own body in the opening and blocking his brother, he placed a hand at her waist and ran his other hand up her out stretched arm, dislodging Matty’s hold on her hand.
“Move over little brother. Let me show you how a real man does it.” He flashed a victorious smile over his shoulder when Layla made no objection to the change in partners and was rewarded with Matthew’s surrender and slight bow out.
Heat flowed through Layla at the possessive way Sebastian had taken over as her dance partner. The skin on her arm still tingled from the soft contact of his fingers as they had caressed their way to her hand. She only had a slight recognition of the change in the tempo of the music flowing through the room. It wasn’t until she felt Sebastian’s hold on her tighten as he drew her closer to his powerful body that she realised she would be dancing a slow dance this time.
After the lively dances she had had with Matthew, she was already beginning to sweat lightly. Now she worried that she would melt into a puddle of pure moisture with the heat being thrown off this immense figure that held her to within an inch of her sanity. She allowed herself to be led by this man. She had no choice really. He was just so compelling and everything in her wanted him, to be close to him. She had no wish to fight as he lightly coaxed her that last inch and their bodies made contact. Even in her flat shoes, with almost a foot height difference, she seemed to fit perfectly against him. Desire ran wild through her veins as they stayed locked together, swaying gently to the soft sounds of Shania Twain, ‘You’re still the one’. As the seconds ticked by, she allowed herself to relax more into the intimate embrace and laid her head on his solid chest with a small sigh.
Sebastian thought he was fit for bursting with the rage that had consumed him while he watched Layla dance with Matthew but that was nothing to the tension he was fighting right now with this little beauty pressed against him. He was certain she could feel his heart beating much faster than their movement would account for and he strained to keep the blood from rushing to his nether regions at the feel of her soft breasts against his hard body. He was consumed by her fresh citrusy smell, the softness of her body and the feeling of rightness at holding her in his arms. He was concentrating on keeping his hand from wandering too far when he realised the song was ending and someone was trying to talk to them.
With great reluctance, Sebastian loosened his hold on Layla to find a slightly inebriated Sophia with a wicked grin.
“Hey Sophe, are you enjoying yourself?”
“I sure am Bas. This is a great party.” She exclaimed with a big smile as the three of them started to make their way off the dance floor. Without a conscious thought about it, Sebastian held on to Layla’s hand as they walked and Sophia continued, “Ethan wouldn’t pose in the booth with me earlier but we’ve been on Charlie’s punch for the past hour so I wanted to ask if we could get back in the booth? I reckon he’s tipsy enough to do it now.” Sophia glanced over to where she had left Ethan. Sebastian and Layla followed her gaze and the three chuckled at the sight. Six foot two inches of bulky man held a plate of food in one hand and two glasses of punch in the other. Swaying ever so slightly and looking confused as to how he was going to consume anything while both his hands were full. As they neared, he lifted the whole plate to his face and bit off a piece of sushi straight from the pile.
“You are an adorable drunk, Old-skool.” Sophia chuckled and reached up to pat his chest. He gave her a mock dirty look as she relieved him of the pile of food, “you promised me some pictures and Layla is just about to re-open the booth so c’mon and then you can have your food back.”
“You’re taking a chance coming between me and my food Sophe. Have you learned nothing about us boys in the last couple of years?” Ethan asked as he followed the group through the house to the office that was now Layla’s booth.
“I sure have.” Sophia said confidently, “I have learned that with the promise of food and a little alcohol in your system, you will do almost anything I ask.” Her grey eyes sparkled as she threw the challenge out there. Ethan just shook his head lightly and laughed.
“I must be drunk if I’m letting you get away with comments like that.” He retorted with a slight snort.
“Who are you trying to kid? You let me get away with saying most anything I want. I’m just taking advantage of your drunkenness to make sure you come-good on your promise to pose with me. Plus, I think I rather like you drunk, you’re more...... unrestricted, not so stiff and ‘in control’. It’s always fun to see you lose your grip on yourself for a little while. It doesn’t happen very often.” Sophia and Sebastian laughed at the drunken scowl Ethan was throwing out. Annoyed at being laughed at he turned into the office and began rummaging through the props.
Layla watched the interaction and wondered what the story was between these two. Leaning down close to her, Sebastian whispered, “Sophia has worked with me and Ethan for the past couple of years. She loves to wind him up, or at least try. Ethan does not like to give up control on anything, easily.” His breath tickled her neck sending a trail of goose-bumps across her skin and she noticed that he was still holding her hand. Glancing down at the joined limbs she said,
“I’m gonna need this back.” and gave a gentle squeeze. It wasn’t until the contact was lost that she realised how natural it had felt to be touched by him, held by him when they danced. She blushed slightly remembering how she had so easily melted into his hold and she hoped nobody had been taking any notice of them while they danced. “Oh, I left my camera with...”
“Matty gave it to me.” Sebastian reminded her with a frown, “My mum took it off me when I came to dance with you... oh here it is on the desk.” He reached over and passed the camera to Layla, who attached it back to the tripod. While Ethan and Sophia argued over props and positions, Sophia turning any innocent comment Ethan made into some sort of innuendo and making him more and more frustrated until he looked like he would explode.
Instead, he picked up the cowboy hat placing it roughly on his head. Next he took the feather fascinator, widened the elastic, and put it around Sophia’s head releasing the strap before he touched her and letting it snap against her skin. This startled and seemingly subdued Sophia’s antics and she stilled, staring wide-eyed up at Ethan while he finished off wrapping the feather boa around her neck and picking up the horse whip. Layla didn’t wait for an actual pose before she started to take pictures. This was like cataloguing the beginnings of a sexy scene in one of those novels her inner-slut loved so much. One of the shots would probably be perfect for a book-cover.
“Turn around and pose like a good girl then.” Ethan demanded quietly and Sebastian watched in amazement as the usually rebellious Sophia silently complied. Layla took more shots as Ethan and Sophia posed quietly in front of the gingham coral backdrop. Word had got out that the booth was re-opened and soon there was a queue of people waiting to have another turn.
So Layla wound down the evening the way she had started. Except for now that copious amounts of alcohol had been consumed by the majority of guests, the volume inside the office was considerably louder. When the room finally grew quiet, Layla breathed a sigh of relief. She was exhausted but the elation of a successful night was keeping her going, just.
Sebastian returned with a plate of food and a pint of orange juice. Layla was extremely grateful for both and wasted no time in guzzling half the glass of juice and a selection of miniature foodstuff from the plate. As she did this Sebastian wheeled the desk chair around and scooped her into it while he started to box up the props and dismantle the tidy rail.
“You really don’t have to do that. It’s my job and your party.” She said, trying not to spit her mouthful of food out while she spoke.
“You’ve done a great job, worked hard all night, made all our guests smile. It’s the least I can do.” He gave a small shrug, “Plus, now my mum has met you and knows you’re Ari’s friend, I’d be hung, drawn and quartered if I didn’t look after you properly.” He was almost finished tidying up the equipment and he still hadn’t figured out how best to broach the subject of asking her out. In the end, he decided that if he was ever going to get anywhere he may as well just get the question out there and see how it went.
Layla had felt a little awkward sitting there while Sebastian had packed up all her equipment, but her feet were killing and she was bone tired. She was sipping from her glass of orange juice when she heard him clear his throat.
“Layla... I was wondering if you were available next weekend?” he shifted nervously from one foot to the other and she struggled to swallow her juice before asking,
“For another job?” After their dance together, she had the impression that he liked her, but she would never presume that he was asking her out in case she made a fool out of herself. After all, she knew what she looked like and that he was way out of her league.
“No, not a job. I was wondering if I could take you out... on a date.” He couldn’t believe how nervous he sounded. He had never been this nervous around women, ever. Watching her blush and struggle to swallow her juice while he waited for an answer made his stomach dive in disappointment, she was going to say No, and his face fell. He thought he’d read her right as they danced and she was so willingly held close in his arms. Noticing his features change she asked,
“You really want to go out with me?” she actually sounded incredulous which astonished him. Did she not know how beautiful she was? She looked around the room, like she expected someone else to be there.
“I really do. If you’d like to that is?” it felt like torture waiting for her answer. Layla did her best to get her erratic breathing under control so she could speak.
“I’m working Friday night, but I could do Saturday?”
A smile spread slowly across his face as he registered her response. As if I would say ‘no’ she thought, but obviously he thought there was a good chance she would refuse him. Her sensible inner voice had something to say to that though. You probably should have said no, look at him, he will break your heart. But she was tired of protecting her heart. For three years she’d played it safe, and she had succeeded in keeping her heart from being broken. The price? Loneliness.
His full megawatt smile destroyed the work she had done to control her breathing and she was thankful that she was still seated.
“Great.” He visibly sighed in relief, looking like a kid who’d been told he was going to Disney World and wasn’t sure if he could celebrate. Layla couldn’t help but smile with him. It also helped to disguise the jumble of nervousness that had started to consume her on accepting a real-life date with this Adonis of a man. She needed to move and desperately hoped her knees would do their job and hold her up as she stood. Although a lot of the guests had left by now, there was still a smaller party going on for the die-hards of the gathering.
“Well I best get all this back to my car, while I can still make it.” She smiled a happy but tired smile, “No one said it was so tiring doing this work.” And she backed up the statement with a large yawn. “Sorry.” She chuckled with that pink touch to her cheeks that Sebastian was beginning to adore.
“Here, let me help. Load me up pretty lady; I am at your disposal.” He watched as her cheeks stained a darker shade of pink and she dipped her head and shook it slightly at his playfulness. Once he was loaded up, she picked up the last of the bags and they walked out together towards Fee. They loaded the car up in a slightly uncomfortable silence. When their hands were empty, the tension rose slightly as neither one knew what to say. Sebastian took the plunge and broke through the silence,
“Thanks Layla. You have made this special occasion even more special with your booth and your pictures...” he paused for a moment and added cheekily, “...and your dancing.” He had a feeling if the lighting out here was better he would be witnessing a full-face flush right now. He would be right. Layla’s face flamed in the evening breeze as she remembered dancing with Sebastian. She lifted her face, glad the visibility was low. It seemed to take forever to get to his face and she felt him sway ever so slightly in her direction. Her inner slut jumped off her sofa convinced he was leaning in for a kiss and the thought sent Layla’s stomach into her throat almost choking her. She sucked in a sharp breath and held it, watched as if in slow motion as he rocked back on to his heels and deliberately removed one hand from his trouser pockets and extended towards her.
Yes she was extremely grateful for the muted lights as her face burned hotter than she ever remembered, so hot she knew even her ears would be red if she could see. She hoped she had controlled her shaky hand sufficiently as she placed it in his larger one. He surprised her bringing their joined hands to his mouth and giving the back of her hand the softest kiss, his stubble tickling the delicate skin and causing a riot of sensations. She couldn’t seem to form words.
“I’ll be in touch over Saturday pretty lady.” He didn’t want to say ‘good-bye’. He didn’t actually want to leave her but he forced his feet into motion and left her at her car, slightly slack jawed, and hopefully wanting more of his kisses.




Chapter eleven

“So, where’s he taking you?” Jasmine asked doing a little jig on the bed, “Can I meet him when he picks you up? I’m so excited for you; I really don’t understand why you don’t date more.” Even with her face all scrunched up in a confused expression Jasmine was still stunning, Layla thought. 
“I’m nervous enough, Jazzy. He’s not coming up. If I don’t go down when he arrives I might not go at all.”
Layla tried a light chuckle to disguise her growing angst. For the first time in a long time, she really wanted this man to like her. So for the foreseeable future (if there was any between them past tonight) she would be keeping him away from her gorgeous little sister. Guilt weighed heavy on her for these thoughts and it definitely was not that she didn’t trust Jasmine. She knew with all her heart that her sister would never purposely steal a man away from her. It was just that past experience proved that Jasmine was way more desirable than herself.
Was it selfish to want to keep this one all to herself for a while?
Well, at least this guilt took away some of the nerves that had settled into her system since Tuesday when Sebastian had called to confirm their date. He’d been sweet on the call, slightly nervous sounding until she told him she hadn’t forgotten about their date. He asked her opinion on where she would like to go and insisted on picking her up like a gentleman would and so his mum wouldn’t kick his bum for not treating her right. He had also taken to texting her sporadically over the next few days and they found they had an easy sort of banter, bordering on flirtatious, but both parties nervous enough not to push it too far.
Layla flopped onto the bed next to her sister, “We are going to the Docks for a meal. He didn’t say which restaurant. What am I going to wear? I don’t even know if I can eat, I’m that nervous.” She huffed out a breath and slapped her own cheeks, not missing the glare Jasmine was throwing her way. “Yes I know I am getting a grip.” She snapped back. Jasmine patted her leg.
“Good girl. Now, let’s pick you something to wear that will knock his socks off. The question now is..... How soon do you want your first kiss?” Jasmine wiggled her eyebrows playfully and flashed a wicked grin. Layla laughed and wagged her index finger at her threateningly,
“I’m not letting you help if you’re going to dress me like a slapper.”
“You couldn’t pull off slapper anyway,” Jasmine pulled her tongue at Layla, “I was thinking more sexy-innocence, which you are.”
“I’m not a bloody virgin Jazzy.” Layla crossed her arms.
“Stop trying to annoy me and let’s pick your outfit. Have you seen the time? You only have like...” she glanced at the invisible watch on her wrist, “...four hours to get ready now.” Layla would have laughed again but maybe she did need that long to get prepared for this date.
After a nice soak in the bath, she emerged a little calmer. Her outfit lay out on her bed. She sat to dry her hair and apply her make-up; smoky eyes, a little blush on her cheeks, and a natural gloss to her lips. Her chestnut waves secured off her face and tumbling past her shoulders. She dressed carefully in navy lace, tailored short’s, a tight white vest layered with an oversized top with a wide neck worn off shoulder, the top was yellow with tiny navy polka dots. Finishing off with a pair of wedged espadrilles that added about four inches into her height and some small silver jewellery. She gave a twirl in front of the full length mirror and hoped Sebastian would like how she looked. Jasmine burst through her bedroom door unable to wait any longer, almost spilling the glass of wine she had brought with her.
“You look fantastic! And tall!” Layla took the wine and had a few quick sips it swirled with the nerves in her stomach.
“That’s not helping, here.” She passed the glass back to Jasmine who shrugged and drank it herself as she watched Layla pace the room. The intercom buzzed and what felt like a million butterflies took flight in Layla’s stomach. She had no time to consider them though as she grabbed her purse and rushed past Jasmine to get down the stairs before she risked him being buzzed up.
~~~
Outside, Sebastian leaned, with a casualness he didn’t feel, against the wall. He wore a white t-shirt under a thin grey tailored jacket, light denim jeans and his favourite Italian leather shoes. He watched the door while he nervously played with the sunglasses in his hands. He tucked them into his jacket pocket as he watched the door open and a vision of loveliness walk through and towards him. He took it all in, in those few short steps. She was beautifully made up, subtly enhancing make-up, soft hair cascading down over one almost bare shoulder. Curves hugged by sexy lace shorts and coupled with those heels made her bare legs look long and inviting.
He had to pick his jaw up off the floor as she gave a slightly self-conscious “Hi.”
“You look....amazing.” he gathered his wits a little more and gave her one of those devastating smiles offering her his arm.
“Thanks, so do you.” She said as she took the proffered arm and was escorted towards his waiting car. Opening the passenger door, he deposited her safely, closing it with a gentle thud. He attempted a casual walk round to the driver’s side. Once seated, he tried not to stare at the luscious legs torturing his vision and his ability to keep his thoughts from the gutter.
The radio was on, barely audible, but enough to fill the lengthening silence Layla was finding a little uncomfortable especially after the friendly banter over text messages they had enjoyed this week.
“How’s your day been so far?” she asked glancing at him. He was stunning.
“Great so far,” it was actually his birthday today. Even when he realised it coincided with the date, he didn’t want to rearrange. He’d waited long enough. Elizabeth was disappointed there would be no ‘birthday dinner’ but she understood. Sebastian didn’t mention the event as he didn’t want Layla to feel awkward or try to rearrange herself, thinking he would rather be elsewhere. Actually, this was his best birthday present so far today. Layla wrapped beautifully and his for the evening. The only downside was the fact that, it being their first date, meant he wasn’t able to unwrap her tonight.
“I went to see the folks this afternoon and now I get to escort a beautiful lady to dinner.” He looked over out of the corner of his eye. Yes, the blush was back and she was biting that lower lip again. He snapped his vision back towards the road before it distracted him too much. “How’s your day been?” he cursed inwardly but it was the best he could come up with the direction his thoughts had taken.
“Not bad at all. I worked on some of the party images for most of the day. I didn’t realise how many pictures I took. I haven’t even seen them all yet. It kept me busy until it was time to get ready. It’s always stressful dressing for a first date, but my sister helped keep it under control.” He chuckled lightly and she joined in to give him a pause from her nervous babbling.
“I’ve seen Livi before a first date and I used to think, why make it such a drama, just pick something and wear it!” He paused and gave her a sheepish sideways glance, “But then I feel I should come clean and admit that I tried a few different things before deciding on what I’m wearing tonight too.” Layla laughed a full belly rumbling laugh.
   “Way to give a guy a complex, am I not to your satisfaction?” She eyed him playfully, trying not to let her vision linger anywhere.
“I suppose you’ll do.” Shaking her head at his sulky pout, she admitted, “You look good, too good really. You’re the one giving me a bit of a complex actually.” 
Paused at a set of traffic lights, Sebastian took the opportunity to his advantage. He clasped a hand from her lap, gave a light squeeze and turned to look into her eyes.
“You’re a Goddess.” He didn’t look away for a moment, wanting to make sure she could see he meant what he said, until the car behind honked at them and he had to put his attention back on the road but he didn’t release her hand. They completed their journey in a more comfortable silence. Layla needed the time to gather herself back together. His comment had a shattering effect on her composure. No-one had ever looked at her like that and said something so glorious, wrong but glorious non-the-less.
~~~
The pair entered Portside Bar and Grill hand in hand. Layla found it easy and slightly relaxing being joined like this. That was until his thumb found the inside of her wrist and skimmed it gently, causing tingles to run up her arm and her heart rate to pick up. They were seated into a cosy booth by the hostess, who was quite obviously, pushing her pert breasts as much into Sebastian’s face as she could. Layla was pleasantly surprised when Sebastian dismissed her with a polite ‘thank-you’ and without actually looking at the woman. She left the menus on the table and departed with a forced smile in Layla’s direction.
The place had a nostalgic feel with a modern twist. The walls held bold and pale blues and exposed wooden beams. Modern light fixtures gave the place a warm glow and the rear of the restaurant was a floor to ceiling window over-looking the water, where a lone boat floated.
While Sebastian studied the menu, Layla took a moment to study him. His darkest brown hair was a slightly overgrown length, with a natural wave to it. She gripped her menu tighter to keep control of her fingers, which had a sudden urge to run themselves through those soft waves. His face today was clean shaven and she found she missed the spattering of facial hair that he had worn on all previous occasions. It didn’t make him any less handsome, just gave him a sweeter look. He lowered the menu slightly revealing the rest of his face. She looked her fill at his lips, just plump enough to give a natural and ever so slight pout and her inner slut almost screamed her want to kiss them right that second. She watched them mouth the words he read from the menu then forced herself to read her own menu before she got caught staring or before the perky waitress returned to take an order she wouldn’t be ready for.
Sebastian had felt her perusal before he confirmed in his peripheral vision where her sight was set. He kept his eyes on his menu, although he wasn’t reading a word of it for at least a full minute, maybe more, while he gave her time to examine him. He noticed her white tipped fingers holding onto the menu like a life-line. Was she as eager to touch him as he was her? Or was she just that nervous? He allowed her face back into his peripheral vision and saw a clear and raw desire in her eyes. His mouth twitched, desperate to smile a satisfied smile, but he wouldn’t allow it. He didn’t want her to know he knew she was watching him. Instead, he concentrated on the printed words in front of him and actually had to mouth the words silently to keep the smile from emerging. 
He made his choice and slowly lowered his menu down onto the table, giving her a chance to avert her avid gaze, if she chose. Sebastian met her hazel eyes with his blue. The air seemed to sizzle around them. A small smile tipped her lips upwards making Sebastian’s own smile broader and Layla realised she was still staring. She went with the heady rush she was getting from his look of approval and said the words that floated unchecked around her brain.
“You would make a good model. I could’ve used you a few months ago for one of my photography assignments.” She watched his smile grow even wider and refused to give in to the embarrassment she felt crawling its way to making her blush. The heat that should’ve reached her face re-routed to her armpits, who knew she was a nervous sweater when the stakes were high enough.
Sebastian kept smiling. He had numerous come-backs to that comment all fighting to pour out, most of which would be too forward or inappropriate. It had started with you can use me anytime! Mixed in with a, was it a nude assignment? It had all gone down-hill after that. He played it safe,
“What takes your fancy then?” he said, glancing at the menu to make clear his meaning. He enjoyed the widening of her eyes and the dip of her vision down to his mouth for a fraction of a second. He could’ve fist pumped the air, if it wouldn’t have worked against him, for that confirmation that she was indeed just as eager for a taste of something that wasn’t written on the menu.
“Erm... I haven’t quite made up my mind yet.” She furiously looked through the menu for the third time, still seeing very little of the words she was supposed to be reading. Never had a man affected her so thoroughly that she couldn’t concentrate on one menial task.
“No starter for me and I will have....” she drew out the word buying herself a few extra browsing seconds. Something non-stinky if you want him to kiss you, her inner voice had slipped through her nerves while she tried to concentrate on the menu that was beginning to feel like an evil prop designed to make her look like a fool. She had to hand it to her though. Non-stinky was a good shout. She actually really did want that kiss. “I’m not really in the mood for Steak so I think I’ll go for the Pork tenderloin please.”
“Quite the little carnivore.” Sebastian said with a smile and a raised eyebrow.
“Oh god, sorry are you a Vegetarian?”
“Not at all,” he couldn’t help the small chuckle at the adorable embarrassed frown that appeared, “I am in the mood for a steak and I like that you ordered what you want and not what some girls class as a ‘more appropriate’ meal for a first date,” he used air quotes and rolled his eyes, “like salad or something equally sparse for an evening meal. Nothing but a very healthy appetite is the norm in our family.”
Layla laughed, recalling the conversations they had had about his family and food.
“Ah, yes, I remember, something about heathens.”
The waitress returned then and Sebastian ordered their food and a couple of drinks, Layla choosing a soft-drink over wine as Sebastian was driving and not drinking. Even though he assured her she could have whatever she wanted and didn’t need to refrain just because he was.
The pair relaxed into pleasant getting-to-know you conversation while they waited for their orders, unbeknown that they were under the watchful gaze of Matthew Rhodes. He sat across the room finishing his meal with the girl he had asked out from work. He had been pleased when his mother had informed him the usual obligatory birthday dinner was not happening this year for Sebastian but she hadn’t said why. Now he knew his big brother was woo-ing Layla Alexander, the lovely photographer from the party last week.
He was happy for Sebastian. He hadn’t really understood why Sebastian would hang up his man-whore hat while he was at the top of his game but he had watched as after Daniel’s wedding, Sebastian had slowed down on the serial dating and he wondered if his brother had dated at all in the past six months. He couldn’t go six days lately without giving in to one of the all too willing females that were his for the taking. Even the thought of going six months had him holding his parts and promising ‘Mr Big’ he would never put him through that kind of torture.
He watched them a little, thankful that Sebastian seemed to be doing well even if he was in a self-imposed dry spell. As was usual at being unobserved and in the company of a sibling, a wicked plan formed. Matthew paid the bill for him and his date, Laura rose from the table with him and plastered herself down his left side as Matthew spoke to the waiter, gave him a tip for his compliance and made his way out of Portside Bar and Grill to enjoy dessert back at her place.
~~~
At the booth things, were indeed going well. The easy getting-to-know-you chatter flowed. Sebastian had learned that Layla had a little sister and was following in her Grandfather’s footsteps with her Photography. She had eclectic taste in music and movies, like himself, and loved to read. Layla had enjoyed hearing stories of sibling rivalries and growing up in a house with six kids. He told her about starting the security business with his oldest brother Ethan and how well it was doing.
The couple were brought out of their little bubble as the background music faded and was replaced by a recording of ‘Happy birthday’. Intrigued, they both looked over the room to see who was being made a fuss of. Sebastian watched as their waitress, along with another waiter, made their way through the tables with a large slice of chocolate cake topped with a sparkler shooting its bright lights. People turned, smiling and watching, as the pair of staff made their way closer to the booth where Sebastian and Layla sat. With each step closer, Sebastian knew with more certainty that they were heading his way. By the time the pair had stopped by their booth, the nearest tables had joined in and sang loudly as the cake was deposited onto the table. Sebastian felt his phone buzz in his pocket. He was going to maim whichever of the two usual suspects that would’ve had the nerve to pull this off.
He smiled his thanks to all around as the sparkler died down, scanning the room frantically for signs of Charlie or Matthew and hoping Layla would forgive him for not mentioning it was his birthday. She was smiling but he could sense she wasn’t quite as comfortable as before this little instalment was added to their evening. He waited until the staff had departed and the other diners returned their attention back to their own tables before he attempted an explanation but Layla couldn’t wait.
“Is it actually your birthday?”
“Yes,” he started, fishing his phone out of his pocket and seeing Matty’s text waiting.
-------------------------
Happy birthday bro,
sent you a sweet treat
to impress your date,
you probably need the help
being so out of practise
-------------------------
“Matty sent the cake. He must’ve been here too. I’ll deal with him tomorrow.”
“Why didn’t you say it was your birthday? We could’ve rearranged our date to a more convenient time.”
“That’s exactly why.” He replied with a small shrug and a nervous smile, “I didn’t want to rearrange. I’m having a great birthday being here with you.” Layla couldn’t help but smile at the compliment.
“Thank you, but you could’ve mentioned it. I feel awful now, even if I haven’t spoilt your evening, having no idea means I have no gift and I certainly can’t allow you to pay for your own dinner today. It’s just not right.” Sebastian raised his hand and stopped her there.
“I asked you out. I fully intend to do the gentlemanly thing and pay for dinner, ah, no arguing with the birthday boy.” He halted what would’ve been an argument to the point. “Now as the birthday boy, you have to abide by my wishes for the day. So, first we will share this piece of cake, then I will get the cheque and we can take a stroll along the docks as it is still early.” Layla was hit full force by the devastating Rhodes smile and let out a breath instead of the counter argument she had poised and ready. She was amazed as it grew to exponential levels at her compliance. “Good, I like that you won’t upset the birthday boy.”
“I still feel bad though. You really should have mentioned this and I can’t believe you chose your birthday for our first date.”
“Well actually you chose the day. I just agreed to it.”
“That just makes me feel worse.” Layla replied with an ever so slight groan of embarrassed frustration.
“I don’t see why. Like I said, I’m having a wonderful day and couldn’t think of a better way for it to end. Well... I suppose there would be one little way it could be better, and if you’re feeling bad for not bringing a gift, it could solve that problem too.” He kept an almost straight face and leaned forward conspiratorially, “Usually at our birthday dinner, everyone has to give the birthday boy a kiss.” He hoped he wasn’t blowing his chance by being so forward. A blush settled onto Layla’s cheeks and she looked down for a moment before looking back into his eyes and leaning forward in a similar manner to Sebastian.
“But I don’t know if you’ve been a good enough boy to deserve such a gift.”
“Pfft, this isn’t Christmas and there is no naughty list, but I will endeavour to prove to you that I am a good boy and I’m definitely deserving.” He was overjoyed at the flirty turn their evening had suddenly taken. Maybe Matty was safe from a brotherly-beating after all. Layla chuckled and leaned another inch forward. Sebastian followed suit, an excited and almost expectant gleam in his eyes. He hadn’t notice Layla pick up a spoonful of rich chocolate cake. She got a fraction closer again before bringing the spoon to his mouth,
“Then eat your cake like a good boy and let’s go for that walk.” And with that said, she waited for him to open up and fed him the cake, laughing as he tried to simultaneously chew and pout. While she was distracted, he took the spoon from her fingers making sure he got some skin on skin contact and scooped up another mouthful for Layla.
“You see, good boys always share their treats.” He declared as he steered the spoon towards her, laughing himself as she raised a questioning eyebrow. “I don’t have cooties. We can share a spoon before we share a kiss.”
“It’s not proven yet and I’m not making any promises till I know that you really are a good boy.”
“Oh I promise it will be all good.” He couldn’t stop the cheeky wink and was relieved that it elicited a chuckle and a shake of Layla’s head.
“I’m not sure, but I don’t think cheeky is the same as good.”
“Maybe not but I’m more good than cheeky.”
He enjoyed the blush that stole across her cheeks at his last comment as they got ready to leave the restaurant.




Chapter twelve

They left as they had arrived, hand in hand. Again, Layla enjoyed the contact. The evening had cooled and she stayed close to Sebastian’s side, stealing the heat that was radiating from his large body. She took in the scenery and part of her wished she had her camera. It had been a while since she had taken a walk along here and she had forgotten how beautiful it could be.
They walked along the cobbled pathway. As the sun dipped lower into the sky, the scene was illuminated with twinkling lights and warm beams highlighting the buildings. Leaving behind the big red-brick structures as they went, separated from the water by black bollards linked together with chains, the water unsettled by the slight evening breeze.
Layla wondered if she had the guts to make the first move on the birthday kiss Sebastian had mentioned. She had never before been the one to initiate a first kiss and the thought of it had her nerves in turmoil. She knew he wanted it, knew they had definitely been flirting back in the restaurant. Yes, it had been a while since she’d done it but any time spent out with Jasmine was a lesson in the art of flirting. She knew the signs.
“It’s lovely out here in the evenings.” Layla said, smiling up at Sebastian. He gave her hand a gentle squeeze,
“Yes,” he almost made another reference to his birthday but stopped himself at the last minute, not wanting to make Layla feel uncomfortable again. “...beautiful and calming.”
The direct way he looked into Layla’s eyes had her anything but calm. She kept her breathing at a steady pace with a little effort. She could hyperventilate when she got home, after she kissed him. Woo hoo, you go for it girl! Damn that inner slut. It shocked the hell out of her that she was seriously considering kissing this gorgeous man but she was. Concentrating on her breathing, she hardly noticed as her thoughts caused her eyes to dip down once more to his smiling mouth. She watched his tongue peep out, moistening first the top, then his bottom lip. Her eyes widened, pupils dilating, shit she was so going to kiss him.... the movement and sound of a stifled chuckle snapped her out of the daze she had been in and she looked away. She felt him give a small sigh and did not miss the confused “Shit?”  Sebastian mumbled. Shifting from foot to foot trying to squelch her mortification, she decided to throw caution to the wind and live in the moment for once.
“I said that out loud then eh?”
“Yep. Would you like to elaborate?”
“Nope.” She smiled again, taking in his mildly confused expression.
“Oh god, it’s not my breath is it?” he looked genuinely embarrassed moving his hand up to his mouth to do a quick cover-and-check, which made Layla laugh out loud. She placed her free hand on his arm and applied a gentle pressure to make it move,
“Come here, I’ll tell you if it’s bad.” She was running on pure bravado at this point. He raised an eyebrow but complied, removing his hand and leaning down a few inches towards Layla’s upturned face his hot, chocolate breath warming her cheeks. Forcing herself to stay in position and not chicken out, she made the final movement onto her tip toes and gently placed her lips on his.
It zapped her like an electric shock. A short sharp jolt that made her heart miss a beat but then there was nothing but the soft wet heat of their joined mouths. It felt so much better than she imagined it. So much so that she increased the pressure a fraction, unwilling to break away just yet even though she thought she should.
Sebastian was in heaven, being gently kissed by an angel. When he felt that slight increase of pressure, he could hold back no longer. His free hand snaked round her waist, his tender touch coaxing her closer still. She melted into him, her hold on his arm tightening. Taking the lead again, she opened her mouth and swept a timid tongue along his lower lip making Sebastian crazy with the tiniest of touches. He was almost shaking with the effort to hold back and not devour her right here, right now. Enjoying the pace she was setting, he was not about to ruin it all by going all cave-man-horny on her. He did however reciprocate with his own tongue, tasting her chocolate lips. Just a little teaser he told himself until she made a small moan and the kiss deepened a little more on both sides. It didn’t last much longer, Layla reluctantly pulling away first. A couple of inches apart, she opened her eyes to look at him and before all bravado wore off she gave him a wink,
“Happy Birthday, Sebastian.” His smile warmed her in places she was already burning.
“Best birthday EVER! Goddamn woman you can kiss.” He told her as he started them walking again.
She was sure she was floating. Her legs were taking the steps but she couldn’t really feel the floor below, only the slight throbbing in the soles of her feet confirmed that she was indeed still on the ground.
How could one kiss do this to her? She was even struggling to find something non-kiss related to say as it was all that consumed her mind right now. Other than the fact her cheeks were beginning to ache from the smile spread across her face. A shiver ran through her as her mind recalled the feel of Sebastian’s tongue for the umpteenth time.
“Are you cold? Here, take my jacket.” He shrugged the jacket off his shoulders and placed it gently around Layla before she could protest, enveloping her in his manly smell. She threaded her arms through the sleeves, hands nowhere to be seen. Sebastian smiled and rolled back the cuffs a couple of times on each arm. Not being able to help himself, he dipped his head and swept a quick kiss over her soft lips. Noticing they were close to a bench, Layla asked,
“Can we sit for a minute? My feet are a little sore.”
“Sure, sorry, those are rather high.” He replied, eyeing her shoes. They took a seat and Layla propped her feet up on the edge of her wedged heel to relieve the balls of her feet.
“My feet keep trying to tell me they don’t like these shoes but I am determined to persuade them otherwise.” She saw Sebastian shake his head, “It’s a female thing. We suffer through lots of different kinds of pain to make us feel a little more appealing.” She said and with a grin added, “We can’t just fall out the shower, spray, dress and run our fingers through our hair.”
“Hey, I use a comb.” He protested, “And a brush when it gets longer. I can even do ponytails.” He added with obvious pride. Layla raised both eyebrows in slight disbelief. “Yes I’ve had long hair occasionally. I had an earring when I was seventeen too.” Pretending to flick non-existent longer hair over his shoulder, he added, “I’m in touch with my feminine side.” Layla bumped their shoulders as they laughed together. Sebastian took the opportunity to put his arm around her shoulders, keeping them close. “And now I’m in touch with yours.”
“Again with the cheeky,” she said, shaking her head in mock disapproval, “Just because you’ve had your birthday kiss doesn’t mean you can start misbehaving you know.” Layla couldn’t help but feel good wrapped up in Sebastian’s arm, enjoying the closeness and the look of hunger in his eyes.
“I’m not really misbehaving. I’m just giving in to the urge to hold you close. You seem to fit just right, next to me.” He said, tightening his hold slightly. For a split second, Layla thought he was going to kiss her again. She could see a small battle go on behind his eyes and wasn’t surprised at the stab of disappointment when he pulled back again.
“How’re your feet doing? Do you think you can make it over to The Wheel?” Sebastian pointed back towards the buildings behind which the top half of a Ferris wheel stood, each spoke illuminated by strings of white lights.
“I sure can.” She said with another large smile. “I haven’t been on The Wheel yet. Jasmine says the view is spectacular.” Sebastian stood sliding his hand back into Layla’s as she alighted from the bench. They walked back along the cobbles towards the sixty foot structure.
They joined the small queue for admission onto The Wheel. Within a few minutes, Sebastian had paid the cover charge and they entered the warm glass capsule that would take them on a turn into the sky. Layla took a seat on the central bench, removing the borrowed jacket and laying it down next to her. Sebastian joining her a moment later.
“How come you haven’t been on this before if your sister has?” he asked remembering how close Layla said they were.
“I’ve been working too much, according to Jazzy.” She sighed. “We both work different shifts so we don’t always have time off together. It’s been that way for a while, but we are both in our final year of school now so things should change soon.” Layla noticed Sebastian’s slightly puzzled face and raised a questioning eyebrow.
“I was just wondering how old you are, if you are in your last year of school?”
Layla couldn’t stifle the small chuckle, “I turned twenty-five last month. I kept changing my mind on what I wanted to be when I grew up,” she said with a small shrug, “so I have been in college since I left high school studying lots of different Art based courses. This year I will complete my Photography course and, as you know, I am starting my business. Hopefully I will make it a success.”
“Ah nuts,” a wicked grin appeared on Sebastian’s face. Layla was getting used to it. His mischief hadn’t offended or harmed her so far. “...that means I missed out on giving you your birthday kiss.” He shifted even closer making his intentions obvious.
A hundred butterflies took flight in Layla’s stomach in anticipation and she held her breath. Sebastian laced his fingers through the hair at the back of her head, tilting her face towards his. Her eyelids fluttered shut when he made contact with a slow deliberate kiss, their glass dome beginning its steady upward motion. The earth seemed to move and the breath Layla held came out on a slight moan. This kiss didn’t ‘zap’ like the first one but it was equally as intense.
Sebastian set the pace this time, his kiss soft yet demanding. The hand in her hair tightened its grip ever so slightly and his free hand cupped the side of her face. He drew back a fraction, running his thumb gently down her cheek then across her lower lip.
If Layla could register anything other than this man’s touch, she would be embarrassed at the fact that she was basically panting like an out of breath dog. She felt drugged up, her eyes too heavy to open and so not ready for this kiss to end. Her hand, of its own accord, made its way to his chest as he peppered small kisses from one corner of her mouth, along her lower lip and to the other corner. She gathered a fistful of his t-shirt and without conscious thought, tugged him back to her mouth.
He enjoyed these shows of confidence Layla had. The direct eye contact, the gentle forcefulness when she wanted something. All contradictions to the parts of her that blushed easily and caused her to bite her lip with nervousness. He had vaguely registered the movement of the Wheel and didn’t want Layla to miss the enjoyment of the ride. So, with a very real reluctance and the fact that if he carried on he was likely to mess up his jeans like a teenage boy, he ended the kiss.
Drawing away, he opened his eyes and was extremely gratified to see Layla was also very much affected by their kiss. For a few extra seconds, he watched as her chest rose and fell in a rapid movement, her eyes still closed and mouth still slightly open. He let his hand fall from her face. His fingertips brushing along her neck and across her bare shoulder caused her skin to pop with a thousand goose-pimples and a delightful shiver ran through her straight to her core. She snapped her eyes open as her inner slut gave her a very fast and thorough rundown of where else she wanted those fingertips to be touching. She felt his large warm hand surrounding hers on his chest and finally registered what she had done to his t-shirt. Her rosy cheeks deepened in colour as she apologised for wrinkling his top.
“Don’t worry about it,” he laughed and smoothed the misshapen fabric. “my t-shirt will recover. It’s my chest you may have traumatised. I think you pulled a few hairs out.” Wanting to put her at ease, he leaned in close to her ear and whispered “It was kinda hot.” And it wasn’t a lie. Leaning back before he gave in to the temptation to kiss her again, he said, “We’re on the move, I didn’t want you to miss the view.” gesturing towards the windows.
“Oh.” Layla was genuinely surprised at this fact, much to his amusement. She stood and stepped over to the edge of the capsule, delighting in this spectacular panoramic view of the city at night. Dark waters spread in one direction, beautifully lit buildings in the other. The radio tower pointing higher than everything else as they slowly made their way to the top. The City below glowed soft amber colours. She found her phone, clicking on the camera app, unable to resist the urge to capture the moment. Sebastian watched as she made her way around the enclosure, taking pictures and clearly annoyed with the lack of a better camera.
“We can come again and you can bring your camera.” He told her, joining her at the window.
She smiled up at him, “Sorry, I can’t seem to help myself sometimes.” Taking a few steps back and lifting the phone, she challenged, “Give me your best moody-male-model pose.” Sebastian complied without hesitation, keeping his back on the window. He crossed his arms, stretching his t-shirt tight over his tensed chest, bent one leg at the knee, placing a foot on the glass behind him and schooled his features to a moody pout looking away and to the floor slightly. Damn! Her inner-slut purred her approval at the ‘perfect’ pose. He lifted his gaze with an exaggerated raised eyebrow and a slight smile. Layla took another picture, laughing as Sebastian changed position again. This time turning his body towards the glass and placing his palms against it. He stuck out his bum, looked over his shoulder and actually growled in her direction. Before the laughter over took her, she snapped the third picture.
“You find my poses funny, eh? Well let’s see how you do?” he challenged her in return, taking the phone from her hand and pulling her towards the window. “Show me....” he thought for a moment, “...moody teen.” She closed down her posture and if looks could kill, as the old saying went. He didn’t ever want to be at the real receiving end of one of those looks.
“Fabulous darling!” Sebastian cooed in his best camp voice, “Standard ‘catalogue’ pose.” He looked up from behind the phone, using a hand to gesture for her to continue. Layla stuck her hands in her pockets and made like she was striding forward looking straight towards the phone.
“Great, now show me ‘swooning’!” he playfully demanded. She lifted her hand to her head and a leg off the floor, using the window to support herself, as she leaned backwards hardly able to contain the giggles that were desperate to erupt.
“Just one more.” Sebastian suggested as she righted herself and subdued her laughter. He came to stand next to her, stooping down so their faces were level, and took a last picture of the two of them, cheek to cheek.
Settling down, they enjoyed the rest of the ride taking in what was left of the view as their capsule descended back towards the ground and continuing with the easy ‘getting-to-know-you’ chatter.
Outside, the temperature had dipped and coming from the warmth of the capsule, it was more obvious. Sebastian draped his jacket back over Layla’s shoulders, ever the gentleman. As they made their way back to his car, talk had turned to the party.
“I haven’t been to a house party that lively since I was a teenager.” Layla laughed, “You have a wonderful family. Everybody made me feel really welcome even though I was only there to work.”
“Well everybody thought you and your photo booth were wonderful. My mum has been getting phone calls all week about how soon they can get their hands on some photographs.” He smiled down as they walked hand in hand again, but seeing a frown mar her forehead, he added, “But no pressure. I know you said you have other work on too.”
“Actually I’m almost done with my course work and classes end in the next couple of weeks. Next on my list is getting myself a website up and running so it will be a lot easier for my customers to order their prints individually.” Still frowning, Layla continued, “I’m just hoping there’s an ‘idiots guide’ to starting one, I mean, I’m not computer-illiterate or anything. I’ve just never attempted something like this before and I don’t want to mess it up.”
Sebastian already unenthusiastic at the prospect of the night ending, seized the opportunity to wrangle some more time with this beautiful girl, who had him affected so thoroughly from the first moment he had laid eyes on her.
“I can help, if you like?” he did his best to keep his eagerness at a minimum, but damn if he wasn’t beyond excited at the mere thought of more time alone with Layla and her soft silky hair and sweet supple lips.
Reaching his Audi, he allowed a momentary indulgent thought about those lips and couldn’t help himself. Unlocking the car, he reached down to open the door for Layla, purposely invading her personal space a little more. He was immensely pleased to notice her slow gaze drift to his lips and her breathing become shallow. He waited till her eyes met his before he closed the distance and gently pressed his lips to hers.
All the air had been sucked from Layla. She leaned into Sebastian’s hot body, not sure her legs would stay strong and not buckle under the sensual assault of this kiss. Each one had been better than the previous, which was shocking as the first was amazing. His tongue made a tentative stroke along her lip. Pleasure radiated throughout her body, ricocheting off all the right places and escaping as a tiny moan from her throat. She was being enveloped wholly by this strong physical man. He moaned in kind and deepened the kiss, his tongue teasing hers into a battle of lust. His body pressed tighter against hers as his hands reached her head- he didn’t trust them any lower at this second- threading his fingers through the soft chestnut waves and tilting her head slightly, fitting his mouth more securely to hers.
There was nothing but this kiss and all of its consequences running through Layla. She held on to his upper arms, feeling the taught muscles under his heated skin. Her fingers itched to travel north and embed themselves in his hair. Her inner-slut took over said motor skills, fingertips softly travelled up and over his shoulders, revelling as she got past fabric and back onto the skin at his neck. She heard a deep moan, too deep for her own voice, and her she rejoiced at the affect her touch was creating. Her fingers travelled further bringing her onto her tip toes as she threaded her arms around his neck and her fingers deep into his dark hair. His hands left her hair and migrated south over her shoulder blades and coming to rest on her sides. So large that, as he spread his fingers, the tips of his thumbs strayed close to her breasts. They ached and her nipples pebbled, her usually soft bra felt more like sandpaper, she was so sensitive to his touch.
The sound of a rowdy group of people getting into a taxi pulled them out of the lusty haze that had consumed them for who knows how many minutes.
Pulling away a few inches, Sebastian apologised, “Sorry, I got a bit carried away there.” He was never this full-on on a first date. Then again, he’d never had such a reaction to a woman. He watched her flush her deepest red so far.
“It’s okay, I was just as bad.” She gave an embarrassed shrug looking away, “I’m not usually like this..... I’ve never really been one for big ‘PDA’s’.”
“PDA’s?”
“Public displays of affection.” In truth, she had always craved that kind of relationship. To be so desired by her man and feel the same in return would be wonderful. After her nerves had calmed, Layla found it natural and almost familiar to be touching Sebastian. She worried, though, that already her heart would not be safe when this ended. It always ended. She couldn’t keep him away from Jasmine indefinitely. The voice of reason sat up and scolded her for getting carried away with her inner musing’s. It was after all, only a first date and may not go any further.
Sebastian spent the journey back to Layla’s apartment asking what kind of features she would like on her website. It had all sounded reasonably straight forward and he had wrangled a ‘work’ date along with an official second date details to be confirmed. Surprising himself with the amount of his free time he was willing to give up to spend with Layla. They had discussed her website and she had literally started to glow with happiness when he told her that her ideas sounded great, and it should only take a few hours to start the basic set-up for the kind of page she wanted. Her enthusiasm was infectious and he had reiterated his offer of help with this as soon as she was free.
She was going to burst with happiness. Sebastian had liked her ideas, said it would be simple enough to do, and not take as long as she had thought, which was great for that impatient part of her excitable-self. He was also serious about helping her which meant she had not one but two other dates in the pipeline as he had already told her he wanted to see her again before he asked about the website. She was beginning to feel a little conscious of the huge smile she knew she wore. She couldn’t help it though, it was the only outlet for all this joy as she couldn’t do her usual dance-of-joy. Plus, if she didn’t release the surplus, she might just explode. She watched the street lights and shadows dance off the window as they drove back to her apartment, willing herself to calm down so she didn’t start with her high velocity blabbering and make him change his mind about seeing her again.
As they hit a stretch of almost deserted dual carriage way, she glanced over to look at Sebastian. Her heart actually fluttered as she took in all his masculine lines. Strong hands gripped the steering wheel, long large arms connecting them to his broad shoulders. She remembered the soft feel of his dark hair under her fingers as her vision reached his head. She noticed for the first time that his nose had a slight bump in the centre of the slope. The skin on his jaw had begun to shadow and held a slight dimple. How she hadn’t picked up on this before baffled her. But then, she had been determined to keep her eyes away from his mouth area at all costs for the first part of the evening. And his piercing blue eyes had certainly made that goal easier to achieve. She could look into those dazzling eyes for a very long time. His sumptuous lips held a small smile and she licked her own, remembering the feel of those beauties pressed against her. His smile grew larger, busted! Her inner slut just didn’t give a damn and took over so when he turned his head slightly to look at her, Layla couldn’t help but smile and concede the fact that they were both aware of her gaze and probably her thoughts. Damn that Rhodes smile! She was in so much trouble. He was just too much of everything she never knew she craved. But there wasn’t a thought of self-preservation in sight. She wanted, more than wanted, she was willing and, that in its self, scared the crap out of her.
Reality settled back in with a stony heaviness as Sebastian pulled his car into the space next to Jasmine’s White Mini in the car-park at their building. Layla wanted to believe that this could turn out differently. That she actually had a real chance with this dark haired Greek god even after he had met Jasmine but the past had repeated itself too often to let herself get carried away with thoughts like that. She decided for once she would be a little selfish and see how far she could take this before the inevitable chain of events ended it. Taking the bull by the horns, she unbuckled her seat-belt and turned her body to face Sebastian,
“I’ll have to check my shifts for the week but, if you’re available, I think I could do Wednesday evening to make a start on the website.”
Sebastian remembered well the eagerness that took hold when you were starting your own business and was happy that it was giving him the opportunity to see Layla sooner than he may otherwise.
“That works for me. I can be finished at the office for five, pick up some takeaway and be here for six?” he suggested, going through his schedule and mentally shuffling a few things around. He almost missed the flash of panic in her eyes and wondered what it was all about.
Layla flashed through a few excuses to not have him at the apartment yet but came up short.
“Okay.” She relented in the hopes that Jazzy would be out that night.




Chapter thirteen

Layla came into the living room, finding her sister and Nico sprawled on the sofa watching some American drama on the TV. Jasmine jumped up enthusiastically then fell down laughing at the sight of her sister’s face glowing with a fabulous stubble rash.
“No need to ask how it went with that rash on your face.” Jasmine managed to squeeze out between fits of laughter. Layla picked up a cushion from the chair and launched it at her annoying little sister. That last kiss in the car had been... well, she just couldn’t seem to get enough and neither could he.
“Awww, look at the goofy smile to go with it!” Nico exclaimed and the pair both fell into another fit of giggles. Layla used her body weight, falling across the sofa to squash the two, quieting them down only a fraction before sliding off and sitting on the sofa between them.
“It went great,” she couldn’t stop the goofy smile so she just went with it. “And yes we ‘made out’ in his car, as the girls on your programmes say.” She lifted her chin defiantly, looking from one to the other, “I don’t even care that my chin is glowing. It just proves it wasn’t all a dream. He is dreamy though.” Layla let her body relax into the large cushiony sofa, easily slipping into memories from the evening until she was smothered from both sides.
“We want details Princess Layla! You’ve clearly kissed now is the tell time.” Nico enthused. “Is ‘Mr X-Men’ officially hunksome?” Layla swatted away the pillows laughing.
“Okay, okay.” She relented, “We had a lovely dinner, shared a piece of Chocolate birthday cake...” remembering as her date replayed in her head, “...Can you believe it was his birthday and he went on a first date with me?” Nico shook his head and interrupted her.
“Of course we can. You are fabulous darling. He knows he’s lucky to get a date with our Princess.”
“Oh shut up. Anyway, I wouldn’t have known it was his birthday, except his brother had been in the restaurant too and sent the cake over. It worked out well though.” The pair noticed as Layla got a faraway look in her eyes and then blushed. Jasmine wasted no time in pouncing.
“What was that all about? What did you do?”
“Oh-my-god Jazzy, I think I went a little crazy. I felt bad about not knowing it was his birthday and we were flirting. So he said it would make us both feel better if I gave him a birthday kiss.” Again, she looked from one to the other. Nico looked like he was going to burst if she didn’t finish her tale.
“You bloody did, didn’t you? You dirty little bitch.” Nico’s smile was full of pure mischievous joy and he pumped his fist in the air. “I knew you had it in you!” he pulled Layla in for a hug, kissing the top of her head in a big-brother kind of way. Layla’s face felt like it was aflame. “Don’t you dare be embarrassed about this. You obviously knocked his socks off with your kiss.” Layla pulled out of the hug and snatched the glass of half-drunk wine from Jasmine, who looked on proudly at her big sister.
“One of these days, you are going to see yourself as we see you. A strong, gorgeous woman, who is perfectly capable and definitely allowed to make the first move with a man. You rock, Big Sis.” It was Jasmine’s turn to pull her in for a hug. Layla allowed herself to be man handled for another minute before pulling away and draining the stolen glass of wine.
“Thanks guys.” Inside she felt guiltier than ever at the fact she wanted to keep Sebastian away from Jasmine for purely selfish reasons. Knowing her sister would never purposely jeopardise her chances with him but not feeling able to take the chance that he wouldn’t prefer Jasmine to herself either. She gave them a quick account of the rest of the night, the ride on The Wheel and more kissing obviously. She decided that the pair had had enough insider info for the night.
“I’m cutting you off and going to bed. Nico you know where the spare things are if you’re staying,” she gave them both a kiss, “...Goodnight guys, see you in the morning.” Taking herself off to her bedroom and closing the door on the excitable pair in the living room.
She kicked off her wedges much to the relief of her throbbing feet and began undressing. She wondered if she would get any sleep tonight with her brain so fired up with thoughts of Sebastian Rhodes and his kisses. When it came time to wash off her make-up, she hesitated, warring with her inner slut who wanted her to leave the lingering scent of him on her skin a little longer. Ultimately common sense won out. She didn’t want to risk an outbreak of pimples, knowing she would be seeing him again during the week.
After completing her cleansing routine in a semi-daze, she donned her comfiest pyjamas and climbed into her bed. Having to get straight back out, to retrieve her phone from her clutch and set the alarm. She knew she must be ‘growing-up’, voluntarily setting an alarm for a Sunday morning so she could work on more of the party images before her afternoon shift at the bistro. To her utter surprise, she found a text waiting for her from Sebastian. Her heart soared.
---------------------------
Hey beautiful,
Thanks for helping to make
My birthday so wonderful.x 
See you Wednesday,
Sweet dreams;)x
Bas.xx
-------------------------------
Her cheeks ached again with the pressure from the huge smile that text had enticed. She quickly typed a reply.
----------------------------
The pleasure was all mine.x 
I had a fantastic evening, 
Thank you.x 
See you soonxx
----------------------------
No sooner was her alarm, set than a new message buzzed through.
----------------------------
Oh I think we definitely shared
The pleasure;)xx
Goodnight gorgeous,
Go to sleep!;)xx
----------------------------
Layla curled up and tried to oblige with the order but sleep evaded her. She reclined for a while, going through the evenings events again. Deciding that Nico may have a point that she shouldn’t be embarrassed at the fact she had been the first to initiate a kiss.
As first dates went in her world, theirs had been amazing. There had been lots of pleasant conversation. Yes she had felt a little awkward when she realised it was his birthday but Sebastian had soon put her at ease about it and turned it to, in the end, their mutual benefit. And those kisses! More than she had ever dared to hope for and each one magical. Never before had she been so easily carried away. It was definitely a first date full of firsts for her. She decided to indulge the inner slut and not worry but look forward to seeing how carried away she could get with Sebastian. Not indulging her as much as she would’ve liked or she really would get no sleep.
Recalling their ride around The Wheel, she fished her phone from under her pillow to look at the photo’s they had taken. She took her time looking at the first three pictures of this fine male specimen. His strong muscular frame was so enticing. The last of the three with his bum stuck out at her afforded her many delightful minutes of unobstructed ogling and what a bum it was. Her inner slut prayed for the chance to get hold of that peachy posterior. Not a fan of her own pictures, she quickly scrolled through the ones of her finally landing on the shared ‘selfie’. With his long arms, Sebastian had no trouble angling the camera to easily fit both their faces in. After a quick scan of herself, yes all her make-up was still in place, a miracle in itself after those first two kisses, she moved on to his face. Attempting to memorise every handsome feature, she studied his soft tousled hair, breath-taking blue eyes and those lips, ahhh those lips. How had she got so lucky to already know how glorious they felt touching her? A large yawn escaped her, reluctantly; she put the phone away and made a second attempt at sleep.
Layla sat sipping her second cup of tea and enjoying the lingering toast smell while waiting for her laptop to start up. There had been no sign of Nico on the sofa when she had emerged from her room so she had gone about her morning without having to tiptoe quietly round. She was eager to start, a rarity for a Sunday morning. She had also talked herself out of sending Sebastian a ‘good-morning’ text as she didn’t want to disturb him if he was enjoying a lie in.
Once the machine was fully loaded, she quickly found the file with the Rhodes party pictures. Picking up where she left off the day before and fixing any contrast and sharpening issues, choosing a few favourites and making an extra copy in black-and-white or sepia along the way. Immersed in her work, she hardly registered movement a little while later until Jasmine ruffled her messy bun, dislodging the band holding it.
“What’s got you up and working so hard on a Sunday morning?” Jasmine asked stifling a small yawn which set Layla off too.
“Hey Jazzy. I am in the zone, which is a good thing, as I have hundreds of images to get through so they can be ready for when Sebastian helps me set up my website.” Just saying that caused a burst of excitement to grow within her.
“Oh wow! That’s great news. I’m so excited for you over this.” Jasmine enthused, while watching from behind Layla’s chair, “Your pictures are awesome and I love this photo-booth thing you did. I’m going to be promoting you everywhere I go. The next party I attend will have your Booth there and I will be your first entry.”
“Jazzy you can have a go in the Booth anytime you want. You just have to ask.”
“Yes but it looks so much more fun with other people to pose with. Any way I need my coffee. You want anything else? Another cuppa?”
“No thanks. Actually, can I just have a glass of water please?”
“Coming right up.” Jasmine, being more of a morning person, strode easily off to get her routine started. Returning some minutes later, with Layla’s water and coffee and toast for herself.
“Are you working all day today?” Jasmine asked after finishing her toast while watching her sister work.
“Yes, I want to get through as many of these as I can today, just basic editing. And I have a four hour shift later so I’m going to be tied up for most of the day. Was there something you needed?” 
“No I was just going to see if we could fit in a bit of Sister-time. I was hoping with Nico gone, you might indulge me with a little more detail from last night?” Layla laughed at Jasmine, who was blinking allegedly innocent big blue eyes at her.
“Where is Nico anyway?”
“Ah the dirty man-whore got a booty call at about one o clock this morning, so he deserted me, for ‘not being man enough to fully satisfy his needs’.” Jasmine air-quoted that last statement and rolled her eyes. Layla chuckled. “Right then Sissy, I don’t want to disturb your flow so I’m going to get ready and go out for a while. Text me if you need anything bringing back, I’ll probably end up in Town. I need new dance shoes.”
“Okay, will do.” Layla replied, without taking her eyes from the screen in front of her. After a few hours of solid work, she had got through all the arrival Booth shots and moved on to the general party images. By the time it was midday, she had estimated fixing up around five hundred images with another couple of hundred left to do. Pleased with the amount she had been able to work through, she began to shut down her laptop and went to fix herself a sandwich before getting ready to leave for work. 
It wasn’t until half an hour later, when she was packing her satchel, that she realised she hadn’t heard from Sebastian yet. Disappointment bloomed in her chest and she rationalised that she had been too busy to get in touch with him also, so it didn’t necessarily mean anything bad. Remembering her pep talk from Jazzy and Nico last night, she decided that it would be okay for her to send a quick text before she left for work.
---------------------------
Hi, hope your morning has
been pleasant.x 
Just off to work, so I will
text you later to confirm
Wednesday, if you still want 
to meet up?x
L.xx
----------------------------
Stuffing the phone back into her satchel, she started the car and made her way to work. Traffic was light and she arrived a little early, reminding herself about checking out the rota for the week. She hit the staff room first.
All plans came to a halt as she entered Di Novi’s. The place was only slightly busier than a usual Sunday afternoon but it was Gio’s stressed out face that alerted her to some sort of problem. When he noticed her approach, he visibly relaxed a little and she knew that did not bode well for her plans for the week.
“Ah Bella, perfect timing, you have no idea how much I need you right now.”
“Now then Gio, you know flattery only gets you so far. What do you need? How can I help?” Layla would do just about anything for her boss. He had always helped her out when needed. Changing her shifts to suit her various other college based work-loads.
“Jenny has called in sick, and I mean really sick.” Jenny was one of the few full-time waitresses. That piece of news confirmed the worse. She would, no doubt, be doing the majority of filling in for Jenny’s missed shifts. Gio was ringing the life out of a tea-towel so Layla put him out of misery.
“Just tell me how many extra shifts I am going to be taking this week. And for heaven’s sake, put down the tea-towel and step away.” Gio looked equally stricken and relieved.
“I’m so sorry to do this to you bella, with it being the end of your course... but if possible can you do three split shifts this week? Monday, Wednesday and Friday as well as your Tuesday and Thursday evenings?” seeing her disappointed face, Gio quickly finished off; “...I can make it worth your while and get you the whole weekend off. Per favore bella? You know I wouldn’t ask so much if it wasn’t a real emergency.”
How could she refuse him after all the favours he had done for her over the past couple of years? And he was slipping into Italian, which he only did when extremely stressed. She pouted a little for dramatic effect.
“You know I can’t refuse my favourite Italian-stallion, but I want it in writing now that I have the weekend off.” For a moment, Layla thought he may just collapse onto the floor.
“Gratzie bella, gratzie, you are a life saver. I promise I will make it up to you.” Gio pulled her in for a quick hug and kiss on each cheek.
Layla rummaged through her satchel for her phone, firing off another quick text to Sebastian and desperately trying to ignore the fact he had still not been in touch.
-------------------
Problem with 
Wednesdayx
Let me know if you 
would like to 
rearrange?x
L.x
-------------------------
Returning the phone and stuffing her bag more roughly than needed into an empty locker, she donned her apron and went to work, glad for the distraction.
~~~
Across the City, Sebastian finished off his work-out in his building’s Gym and made his way slowly back up to his apartment. He had given up on sleep way past midnight and got on with some work to try to calm his thoughts away from Layla and where else he would like to kiss her. Finally crawling back to bed around four am, sleep had finally consumed him and he had kept him past eleven. Something he hadn’t done since the morning after Daniel’s stag doo. He supposed the wonderfully erotic dreams of Layla had helped keep him in his slumber, but had not helped him in waking refreshed. After plugging in his dead phone, he had had a quick breakfast and hit the gym to relieve the tension coursing his body.
It hadn’t had the desired effect. Yes his muscles now screamed with every movement he made but the real tension he wanted relieving kept him coiled tight. It had been just under six months since he’d had that kind of tension released properly. He jumped straight into a hot shower to calm his muscles and take the edge off the other tension, while he was in there. When he re-emerged he realised that he hadn’t looked at his phone so far today.
To his delight, he found two messages waiting for him. Although the delight evaporated after he read the second text. No, he just needed to get in touch to re arrange like she had suggested. He may even make it work to his advantage, having made no plans for the weekend yet. He was now hoping to get two dates rolled into a single but much longer one. Sorting the plan in his head, he replied to Layla’s messages wondering how long she was working for today.



Chapter fourteen

The week seemed to be dragging, much to Layla’s disappointment. She already felt like she had worked the entire week and it was only Wednesday. Much to her delight, she had finished her shift on Sunday to find Sebastian had finally replied, apologising for his tardiness and asking if she would be available on Saturday afternoon to work on the website. She had felt bad cutting into his weekend with work but he had insisted that it was fine. The website wouldn’t take long and, as he had planned on seeing her again this weekend, he would make her dinner afterwards. She was a little nervous about being invited to his place but the need for the website overruled any nervousness that would’ve stopped her.
She had been to classes Tuesday morning, tying up all the loose ends from her coursework, leaving her free to work at the Bistro. She even managed to get in a little more editing. Rushing home between her morning and afternoon shifts, she was determined to sort a few more images, intent on finishing off the first round of edits on all the images from the party before the weekend started.
Warming up some soup while waiting for everything to load up, she transferred the warmed soup to an oversized mug for convenience as she worked. Continuing with the sharpness and contrast on the pictures, she almost spilled the remains of her soup, as she came across images of Sebastian and herself dancing. Who had taken these shots?
She had to admit they looked quite good together. She blushed as she remembered being held so closely, almost had the scent of him coming through with the memories. What she hadn’t known was how content he had looked while holding her. She moved on to the next images, amidst a wave of butterflies fluttering in her stomach.
The next pictures were Ethan and Sophia, with their innocent-erotic snaps. There was definitely some sort of attraction or spark between these two that was plain to see. These props had been used by plenty of the party guests on arrival. Even coupled together, other guests’ images did not have that kind of combustible chemistry. Layla thought about asking Sebastian about Sophia and Ethan but decided that it would be inappropriate.
She studied the pictures a little more, remembering how the bubbly girl had changed with the snap of the band around her head. The picture she took at that point portrayed a dominant looking Ethan (not his forte from what she had learned about this brother) and a startled-submissive Sophia. It was crazy as she recalled noticing Sophia having the more dominant personality. Ethan came across as a peace-keeper, someone who would not rise to other people’s distractions or amusements, quite an achievement, with what she had seen and heard about the group of siblings.
Layla ploughed through another twenty, or so, pictures, while Jazzy made a mess around the place; rushing in from a rehearsal, getting showered and changed in record time and rushing back out for an audition. She checked the time and found herself creating a similar whirlwind, minus the mass destruction to make it back to work on time.
The next couple of days progressed in the same way, keeping her occupied to exhaustion each evening but time felt like it was still in no hurry to move on to the weekend and seeing Sebastian again.
The closer she got to the weekend, she found she was more excited about seeing the man than the fact he would be helping her complete her next step to becoming a successful business woman. This realisation startled her as she had worked hard on her self-worth, giving up the Disney-fairy-tale-romance dreams of finding prince charming to sweep her off her feet. It was not sitting well with her new and improved inner self that after one date (and three awesome kisses), Sebastian Rhodes was fuelling her inner Disney-princess, the one she had put to sleep a few years ago.
“Bloody Disney has a lot to answer for!” she exclaimed out loud to an empty room. “Great, and now I’m talking to myself... Oh who am I trying to kid? I’m the kind of crazy that does this all too often.”
She did and, if she was really being honest, she sometimes enjoyed it. After all, you always win an argument with yourself, or at least ninety percent of the time anyway. 
~~~
Groaning loudly and throwing the covers off the bed, Sebastian gave up trying to get more sleep at 5:30am. He had stupidly left himself little to do but wait for Layla’s arrival at two. Taking his time to prepare a small breakfast, he decided to hit the gym to kill some time. He returned a couple of hours later, hot, sweaty and his upper body screaming in protest from the heavy lifting. Still too many hours stood between now and then.
The hot shower had turned to a cold one, as he thought too much about kissing her sumptuous lips again. This week had been one of the longest of his life. He was afraid he would’ve soon been classed as a stalker, with the amount of texts he was sending. Thankfully, Layla had always seemed happy to hear from him and the mild flirtations were the only thing that had kept him away and impatiently waiting for today.
After cleaning the bathroom post-cold-shower and giving the rest of his luxury apartment a final once over, he re-checked the time. It was still only 10am and his to do list was basically non-existent. The Chilli had been made last night; the place was as spotless as the day he had moved in. He decided to call his Mum. She could drive him to distraction without being asked to.
“Hey Mum, how’s it going?”
“Hello darling, are you excited about your date today?” Sebastian smacked his head. He should’ve known the family grapevine would have his mother completely up to date with the goings on. Nothing was sacred. This was not the conversation he had in mind.
“Yes,-”
“Good. Have you seen the beautiful portraits she did for Daniel and Ari yet?” he knew she wouldn’t wait for a real answer, so stayed quite while the torture continued. “Such a talented girl. The whole family can’t wait to see the party pictures. I don’t suppose you can find out when we can get our hands on them, do you?”
“Well that’s what we will be working on today. We will be setting up her website so that everyone can view and order their pictures.”
“Oh that’s fantastic news. What’s the name of the site? Such a pretty girl too. Matthew says you looked like you were having a lovely time with her on your birthday.” Finding his mother’s excitable babbling detrimental to his situation, he tried, in vain, to steer the conversation away from the current subject.
“Yes we did, thank you. I hope you’re not still disappointed about cancelling dinner at your house?”
“Not at all dear. You’re a grown man and can celebrate your birthday however you like. Though I must admit, I do enjoy holding birthday dinners for my children still. You know you could’ve brought her to dinner with us, I mean she knows us already and-”
“I don’t think we’re ready for that, it was our first date Mum. Don’t you think that would’ve been a bit much?”
“Well I suppose… I didn’t realise that was your first date. I thought you had already had a lunch date or some such, and the way you danced with her at the party… Ah well, what does a silly old woman know about dating nowadays?” Laughing, Sebastian added into the slight pause,
“You’re not silly or old, well actually, maybe just little of both.” He laughed harder as his mother replied.
“Oooh, it’s a good job you’re only on the phone. You’ve just avoided a small slap for that. I may save it up for next time I see you… unless, you send me the website details before anybody else. Your Aunt Claire, with all her spare time, is always bragging about being the first to do everything. Well she’s not getting her hands on the party pictures before me!” Sebastian laughed loudly at the competitive streak spilling through the phone, but for his sanity, this call needed to end.
“Anyway, I’ve got a few things I want to get done before Layla arrives so I’m gonna go. I will ask Layla to send you the web address as soon as it goes live. I’ll give you a call tomorrow. Love you.”
“Okay sweetie. Have fun, be safe. Love you too, TTFN.”
“Ta-ta for now.” He finished mid cringe from the ‘safe’ comment. His mum was awesome if not a tad much at times. He loved her to bits.
After preparing the potatoes for baking and making a salad, he used a handful with some cheese for a sandwich as an early lunch and still had too much time left and nothing left to do. Pacing didn’t help, just making him more and more restless. He got out his running kit, knowing a few miles would burn this excess energy he couldn’t manage.
With is iPod strapped to his arm, his ‘Running’ playlist coaxing his muscles to keep going, the miles flew by and he easily found his flow. As he reached the gates to the park that housed ‘his’ hill, he finally realised how far he had come. He would usually drive the five miles to the park to enjoy running within it rather than waste the miles getting there. It had taken fifty minutes to get there and he would have to knock off two minutes a mile to make it back, even that could make him ten minutes later than he needed to be. Increasing the volume a couple of notches in his ears and clicking over to the ‘Need for speed’ playlist, he turned and pushed harder to get back home to his woman. Thankfully, the thought of Layla gave him the extra boost he needed (and the fact he had left his phone in his bedroom).
~~~
Layla closed the map app on her phone and placed it in her pocket. Exiting Fee, she grabbed her denim jacket, handbag and Laptop bag. Almost forgetting the bottle of wine she had brought for with dinner. She had to return to the car to get that. Her watch now read 2:05pm. Drat she was officially late. Placing the wine and laptop bag on the floor to locate the right number to buzz, she realised her nerves had made her forget. Checking the texts, she confirmed the number and pushed the appropriate button. The buzz seemed to vibrate right through her and her almost empty (but full of butterflies) stomach. She tried to smooth down the creases in her black linen pants while she waited for a response. 
A minute or so later, she buzzed a second time, slightly longer than the first and waited again. She checked the time, 2:11pm. He was expecting her; it was definitely Saturday, a quick calendar check confirmed this as correct. She had only been five minutes late and had been in the right place at the right time. Surely he wouldn’t ignore her. Looking around the car park, she spotted his silver Audi and decided to give one more buzz before calling him, hoping there was a problem with the intercom and not with the date.
One unanswered call and five minutes later, she gave up and with a heavy heart retreated back to Fee and loaded her bags back inside. The sound of footsteps and laboured breathing brought her attention back out of the car and to a very sweaty, very out of breath Sebastian. With one hand propping himself up on her car, he took deep breathes and held his hand up, index finger pointed up in the ‘one minute’ salute while he continued his deep breathing. She took the moment to look him over. Dark hairs covered sweat glistening muscular legs and his running outfit was drenched too, plastering the t-shirt and small shorts to his body and leaving little to the imagination. She presumed the small shorts were worn over the tight cycle shorts to cover his manly parts but they were not achieving their objective right now. Her perusal came higher to his heaving chest. She could see that he had a good amount of hair there too. As she reached his face, one of apologetic exhaustion, he began to speak.
“I’m so sorry…breath, breath…I didn’t mean to be back late… breath, breath… I didn’t…breath… realise… breath…how far I’d gone.” She wasn’t sure if he was going to collapse and she took pity on him.
“C’mon then.” She got her things out of the car and shoo-ed him off when he went to take it. “You look you could collapse at any minute. I managed my bags to your door the first time. I’m sure I can manage it again.” She said it with a smile and without any malice but still got a contrite look as he got his breathing under control. The relief at not being stood up was great so she wouldn’t make him suffer for being late after she was a little late too. Once in the building, they took a short elevator ride a few floors to his apartment.
The place was nice, bigger than her own and not as sparse as some bachelor pads she had been in. A very comfy looking cream corner sofa took up a good portion of the space in the living room, the far end housing a small round dining table with cushioned brown leather chairs that fitted perfectly underneath. The open plan layout veered off to the right to a little kitchen area with a small hallway to the left, where she presumed the bathroom and bedrooms where. Real art, along with a couple of framed photographs and a large flat screen TV, adorned the walls. She followed Sebastian into his home as he went to the kitchen to retrieve a bottle of water and a towel. After a quick sip and a wipe of his face, he remembered his manners.
“Would you like a drink? Make yourself at home, I’m going to grab a quick shower and then I’m all ready to start. Five mins tops.” He finished with that devastating smile, her new Kryptonite; it was going to get her in trouble if she wasn’t careful.
“Water, please. Do your runs always put you in such a state?” she was slightly puzzled as to why he would choose to run right before their date. “Have I messed up your plans for today?” She asked twisting the strap of her bag between her hands. Sebastian handed her a bottle of water and didn’t let go till she looked up at him.
“I told you already, you were my plans for today.” That smile coupled with a cheeky wink had the almost dormant butterflies set free and she blushed enjoying his attention far too much. A moment later, his lips touched hers in a chaste kiss leaving her a little shocked and salty, she found as she licked her lips. Sebastian made a small growl in response.
“I couldn’t resist and I will explain this ridiculous start, but first I need to shower and then kiss you properly. Then I will definitely explain.” He said all this as he retreated towards the hallway at the back of the room, smiling a more adorable smile.
All she could do, was stand, smiling like a fool, after him. He disappeared to the right and the sound of running water came almost instantly after. Layla placed her bags on the floor and put the wine on the counter in the kitchen. Returning to the living room, she sampled the sofa. It was as comfy as it looked. With her little legs, she found it a little bit of a struggle to get back off. She stood to admire one of the wall hangings. A large Royal Blue canvas that matched the blue cushions that sat on the sofa, it had a small golden yellow sphere in the centre which split the two halves as it expelled a white line out from both sides.
The sound of a door opening drew her attention to the hallway and what she saw was more beautiful than any piece of art. Time slowed for those few seconds. An almost naked and very wet Sebastian walked confidently from the bathroom. A white towel that was a barely decent size, covered him from his hips to his knees. An even smaller one was being vigorously rubbed across his head and her body instantly reacted to watching his muscles twitch and tense with the movement, causing a damp ache to form between her legs. His upper body sparkled in the light from the droplets of water that clung to his skin, some gathered together and slithered down his incredible torso. As he shimmered past, it reminded her of a much hotter version of that guy from the vampire movies she loved but could not for the life of her, recall the name of in that moment. 
A muffled “One more minute.” got her attention, snapping her mouth shut as he disappeared into the room on the opposite side of the hall. Layla gulped her water and almost choked herself trying to recover from that most glorious view.
She was still coughing a little as he returned as stated, about a minute later, running his fingers through his damp hair to push it back off his beautiful face and striding towards her. A few droplets escaped darkening the navy of his collared t-shirt. Again, the buttons were open revealing a glimpse of chest hair. He was definitely what she classed as a rugged, manly man, with his dark body and facial hair. She hadn’t even batted an eye at the coarseness of the facial hair as they had kissed last week. She even wore the rash proudly when she got home.
Sebastian came to a halt in front of her, as close as you could manage without touching. Her purple t-shirt hugged her curves deliciously, darkening her hazel eyes so they looked more brown than green and she was back in flats. He had forgotten how short she was without heels. Although the height difference had not hampered their dancing and he found it brought out his protective nature. There was some silver writing on the t-shirt but he needed to keep his eyes above that level for the time being.
She seemed a little nervous again and he knew the best way to remedy that. Slowly and deliberately, he removed that last few inches of space between them and wrapped his arms around her waist. He watched her eyes darken further, obliterating any of the green flecks that were usually visible. Her pupils dilated as he lowered his face and finally they closed as he took her mouth in a soft sensual kiss. Her hands trailed up his arms and over his shoulders, leaving a trail of goose-bumps in their wake. They finished behind his head, fingers lacing themselves through his still damp curls. He pulled her in closer and enjoyed the kiss for another minute before they pulled away, both slightly breathless.
“Hey Beautiful.” His voice was deep and growly again, that coupled with the way he kissed had her hot and achy, reminding her she had to buy some new batteries on the way home.
“Hey yourself.” Sebastian enjoyed relaxing her nerves this way. He wanted her to be herself, confident and a little cheeky too which he had enjoyed on their first date and through texting, during the last couple of weeks. He did not want the slightly uptight version that came out when her nerves got the better of her.
Begrudgingly, he let her go and picked up her laptop bag from the floor. 
“Let’s get to it then?” he would bet from the flash in her eyes and the blush on her cheeks, she had a different idea of ‘getting to it’ and he liked it. He would also be willing to bet she was a minx in the bedroom. In fact, it was something he would be more than willing to find out first hand and it was climbing up high and fast on his to do list. He led her by the hand towards the hall he had just emerged from to the first door on the left. Before opening it, he gestured to the right,
“The bathroom is just there.” then he opened the door to his home-office, equipped with a large corner desk, two swivelling desk chairs, a state of the art computer, filing cabinet and a wall of shelves filled with various books and photographs of his family. 
“This was the first office Ethan and I used starting our business. But I didn’t want other people in my home daily so, as soon as we needed more staff, we found premises for more appropriate offices.”
“It is rather cosy for more than two people.”
“Well, you only count as a half really so I think we’re good for today.” He said with a cheeky smile. Layla was used to comments on her height, or lack there-of, and didn’t take offense easily.
“I’m travel-sized, for your convenience.” She quipped with a smile as she watched Sebastian set up her laptop next to his computer and flick a switch on that so everything whirred to life. A company logo flashed up on the home screen BASE Security INC in royal blue letters across a red oval. They hadn’t discussed sports much. She knew he played some football in a team with his brothers and now she was presuming he was from the blue half of the city’s Football teams. Maybe Ethan was a red as it was a fair assumption from the logo.
She took a seat and lifted the lever to raise herself the right height to work. She tried to scoot her chair over to where he had set up the laptop but again her short legs hindered her progress. Sebastian chuckled and added,
“Not really for your convenience though, eh?” he placed his large hand over hers on the arm rest and pulled her into position as close as the bulky chairs would allow and gave her one more peck on the lips.
“That’s your last one for now, or we’ll never get any work done.” He ran his fingers over her cheek in a heart-warming gesture before turning to get started.



Chapter fifteen

They worked efficiently as a team. Layla showed all her ideas and colour schemes and was pleased that Sebastian talked her through each step, answering her questions and asking for her input on everything. He showed patience and didn’t try and take over or ridicule some of her more daring ideas but advised her from a professional point of view on how to improve it.
Working in such close proximity was distracting at first. Bodily contact was made regularly. Knees touched, arms brushed and fingers found. With the distraction of building the site, neither of them noticed how the frequency of touches escalated. Minds occupied and working diligently, the contact was almost unconscious and natural. As the page grew, so did Layla’s excitement. She inched to the edge of her chair wanting to see it all close up as it happened.
Sebastian delighted in the joy that radiated out of Layla as each new section of the home page was completed and as she drew closer, he became conscious of each little movement. Her light citrus smell tickled his nostrils as he became more aware of every time they touched.
He turned to ask a question but it was forgotten as he came nose to nose with her. Instead, using his mouth for a better purpose, he stole another quick kiss. At least that’s how he had intended it until his hand found its way to the back of her head and she willingly complied to the slight touch, tilting for a better angle. Layla melted into the unexpected kiss and almost toppled off her chair. Using a hand to steady herself on Sebastian’s thigh, her grip tightened as his tongue teased her own. He always tasted delicious. She felt more than heard a soft moan escape her and felt the muscle under her fingers tighten. Removing his lips, Sebastian placed his forehead to hers and sighed deeply.
“You’re quite a distraction, Miss Alexander. A very sexy and far too tempting distraction.” She chuckled as he wheeled her chair an inch or so away from him and gave her a ‘now behave’ look. She seemed to have no idea about how his body reacted to her and the stirrings inside his shorts. He was going to have to concentrate if he was to finish this site and be the gentleman his parents had taught him to be. It was even harder than expected when, within a few minutes, Layla had returned into his personal space and pointed out a slight change she wanted to make.
Within a couple of hours, the site was looking fantastic and Layla was finding it harder to supress her giddiness. She had a hold of Sebastian’s right bicep as the final images were loaded to the site. Happiness consumed her and she didn’t even notice as her grip tightened.
“Alright there She-Ra, easy now, I think we’re done.” He noted, for future reference, that she was very strong for a little one.
“What, really?” she looked from the monitor to Sebastian and from there to where his vision directed. She had a vice grip on his arm and her knuckles were turning white. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t realise I was doing that,” she said, releasing his arm and lifting the sleeve to see if her nails had dug into his skin. On the inside of his upper arm, four small red half-moons were clearly visible. Apologising again, she kissed each one enjoying the feel of the pebbled skin under her lips.
“So, is it everything you’d hoped for?” Sebastian asked, trying his damnedest to ignore his body’s reaction to those tiny kisses. It was all in vain. Layla was studying her new website intently, leaning over from her side to get a closer view. She perched her delectable derrière on his knee as she gave the final seal of approval.
“If it’s okay with you, my mum has requested the site name as soon as it’s up and running. She wants to be the first to view all the party pictures.” He asked, still intent on trying to distract himself.
“God, yes! Anything. I’d literally grant you anything right now for making me this wonderful site.” If her joy was light, he would be blinded right about now. That comment coupled with the fact that she was sitting on him had his mind hitting the gutter in a nano-second.
Layla turned to look at him and could read his thoughts through his eyes. Boy did she like it. Happy endorphins saturated her system making her bold and she couldn’t stop herself from kissing him.
Taking hold of his cheeks, she smacked a loud one on him. Unsurprised at the feel of his arms keeping her in place, she attempted a ‘thank you’ but it was swallowed by the kiss as Sebastian took over. Minutes, who knows how many, passed as they each indulged in the other. The chair creaked in protest from the weight of the combined bodies it housed.
He couldn’t seem to get enough. His whole body felt like it was about to burst into flames. One particular area was surely going to explode if he wasn’t careful. Then she moved. Oh boy it was torture, exquisite torture, he thought as her bottom brushed his now very obvious hardness. She repositioned herself to a more comfortable angle for the kiss.
Layla felt the protrusion as she had moved to distribute her weight more evenly across his lap. Her core responded heating and moistening. Her inner-slut hoping and praying and loving the feel of his obvious arousal. Yes, he is just as turned on. The kiss continued as tongues plundered, lips brushed and pecked, and hands roamed. Even through the thin layers of cotton and linen, her skin was more sensitive than it had ever been. Goosebumps exploded like fireworks everywhere his hands trailed and they were beginning to wander further. Yet she wanted more. Her inner slut paused her celebrating momentarily to give a ‘my work here is done!’ look. If her mind wasn’t so wholly occupied elsewhere, Layla wouldn’t be able to decide whether to punch or high-five that pesky slut.
Sebastian knew he needed to slow down, but damn if he hadn’t lost all control over himself. She was small and sweet and he couldn’t not touch. One hand started a leisurely decent down her back, savouring each dip and curve. Managing to keep it decent and stray over her hip, instead of her bum cheek, before climbing up the outside of her thigh. She squirmed and arched a little as he made steady progress in a backwards stroke the way he had just came. Not able to resist a second time that naughty hand slid down and around. A moment later, it held a voluptuous cheek and gave it a slight but very deliberate squeeze. The breathy moan that vibrated on his tongue in her mouth was his undoing. Before he registered himself doing anything, his free hand had joined its partner in crime and lifted Layla so she could move a leg over, straddling him.
Their mouths hadn’t lost contact as she repositioned herself. Her core drawn to his hardness like a moth to a flame. Some part of her brain remained operational though and she lowered herself to his thighs, still an inch or two away from where she longed to be. It was a short-lived position and another squeeze of those large gentle hands removed that last iota of space. As their bodies converged she felt him throb and an echo sounded inside her. The ache between her legs protesting at the barriers between what was and what could be.
A loud grumble pulled the pair out of their lust induced haze and had Sebastian cursing himself for getting so carried away.
“You’re hungry,” he loved the extra blush of colour to her already heightened cheeks, definitely a minx, “…and I promised to feed you.” Oh god, what was wrong with me? Her. It’s this bloody beautiful, irresistible woman. He got a grip of himself and gave her arse one last squeeze and a quick smack, for good measure, before lifting her and himself out of the chair. Her legs quickly gripped his hips as he stood to keep her steady and not be dropped. Before he could contemplate the fact that she seemed to worry he would drop her, he registered this new position. Yeah, not helping on the whole ‘getting in control’ idea. He gently and efficiently lowered her to a standing position. He took her hand, after adjusting his junk in his shorts, before leading her to the kitchen.
Layla leaned on the edge of the kitchen counter, on her elbows, while she watched Sebastian warm the Chilli and baked potatoes.
“Have you sent your mum the address yet?” she asked. It was a surreal feeling knowing she now had her very own website up and running. She felt like she was glowing with happiness. She knew for a fact that her face had a certain glow. Between the heat they had produced, that she was still trying to recover from, and the new stubble rash she sported.
“Oo, thanks for reminding me. I’m actually surprised she hasn’t been in touch yet over it.” He sent a quick text to his mum and hoped she would not feel the need to reply with a call. “Would you like to open the wine you brought with you?”
“Actually, I don’t really fancy that now. I’ll just stick to water or a soft-drink, if you have one?” She already felt loose enough and wasn’t keen on anything that may fuel her unruly inner-slut. As she thought again about her fabulous new website, a thought occurred to her, and with her dominant emotion being happy, she could be quite random and enthusiastic.
“Oh crap!”
“What? What’s wrong?” Sebastian was shocked at how his stomach did a little downward flip at this seemingly negative statement. He halted midway through dishing up, a serving spoon full of chilli hovered in mid-air.
“I’ve just realised that I had two hundred cards and leaflets printed up and not one of them have my new website on!” as excitable as she was, she could not hide the annoying disappointment. Her little angry pout was adorable. After depositing the spoon of chilli, he kissed it off her pretty little face and was happy with the smile that replaced it.
“Hmm, looks like I’ll have to buy a sharpie as well as batteries on the way home.”
“Huh, batteries and a sharpie?”
“Yes, a sharpie to write the website on all the cards I have left.” She cursed her errant mouth and blushed profusely as Sebastian asked,
“And the batteries?” with a raise of one sexy eyebrow. Who has sexy eyebrows? Think fast girl!
“Yes, for my alarm clock.” She smiled wide to hide the cringe of embarrassment she actually felt. “So where did you learn how to build websites?
“Ethan is actually the computer whizz in our family and I was with him every step of the way building ours. As you saw, it doesn’t have to be too complicated and now I’m even happier I took notice so I could help you.”
Excitement bubbled out of Layla in the form of a fresh case of verbal diarrhoea. Even the yummy chilli failed to stop it, only slow it down. She was starving, after only a light breakfast and missing lunch. She ate with gusto, remembering how Sebastian had told her he preferred women that ate properly.
Dinner was delightful. His mother’s chilli recipe was a definite hit from the way she devoured it between the almost incessant chatter. He knew that Layla would get on with his sister. She too was an excitable babbler. Not quite to this extent, but he still wouldn’t want to be in the same room with the two of them in this mode very long. 
Elizabeth had replied, as they had finished up dinner, thrilled with all the pictures. Her order was placed and she had ticked the box for any of the images containing herself or Oliver to be used on the public part of the page. She had also passed on the site to the rest of her children but the rest of the family could wait until tomorrow.
“She’s delighted because she’ll have something to lord over my Aunt Claire.” Sebastian explained. “According to my mother, she needs bringing down a peg or two since she retired early and takes every opportunity to brag about all the wonderful things she gets to do with all her free time.”
“Okay. Well I’m happy to assist your mum in her endeavour.” Layla chuckled, knowing how Elizabeth felt. She had a cousin like that. Jasmine and herself had nicknamed her ‘Bratty-Natty’. Jasmine had even called her it to her face one day when she wouldn’t shut up about the new mobile phone she had gotten for her sixteenth birthday.
“I’ll wash as I don’t know where anything goes.” She said beginning to clear the round table.
“Don’t be silly. You’re the guest. I don’t expect you to clean up.” Sebastian replied, trying to take the plates back off her. But, she had efficiently piled them into her hands in seconds and made her way over to the sink. Considering she ‘didn’t know where anything went’, she made short work of finding the dish soap and filling the sink. This was quite a novelty for Sebastian. He had never spent time like this with a woman before. Sure he’d eaten with them, even a few home-cooked meals, but never at his place. It was always at their place. He was now embarrassed that he had never once offered to help with dishes. Just helped himself to ‘dessert’ before he left. It was, as they worked together, that he finally noticed what her t-shirt said,
“I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.” He read aloud.
“Pardon? Oh, my t-shirt.” Layla smiled at the look of mischief in his eyes. “I think it looks like you’re the one who maybe up to no good.”
“And I’ve told you before that I’m very good.” He declared, in his deep growl, as he closed down the space between them. She raised a soapy wet hand from the sink and planted it on the centre of his chest to halt him.
“Dishes first.”
“Okay, slave driver.” Sebastian relented or so she thought. As she turned to complete her task, he placed an arm on either side of her. Keeping her captive, while he peppered a few kisses down her neck. She found herself dipping her head and giving him better access as she worked. He worked his way down to where neck met shoulder and placed an open-mouthed kiss in that most sensitive spot. It turned Layla’s knees to jelly and she almost dropped the plate she had been washing for the last minute.
“If you value your kitchen-ware, you need to stop that.” She warned as she leaned back into his warmth.
“I couldn’t give a shit about the kitchen-ware.” He mumbled into her neck and she felt him smile. She wiggled, trying to discourage his amorous attentions. “Wiggling that sexy tush isn’t going to help you either.” She flicked fingers full of soap over her shoulder at him instead.
“Get back to work, hmmm, not there. On these.” She said gesturing to the drip-drying dishes.
“Alright, how do you fancy doing something after these are finished then?” He laughed, holding his hands up in an innocent gesture, as she raised an eyebrow high at his question. “Not in that kind of way. I’m trying to keep it clean. I thought we could go watch a movie or something, if you don’t have to rush off.” He watched her glance over to the corner sofa round the corner.
“I was thinking more public place so I will do a better job of keeping my hands to myself.” He enjoyed that flash of disappointment in her eyes, such expressive eyes.
“Sounds good to me.” She said as she finished the last dish and dried her hands. “I’ll check what’s showing while you finish up.”
His suggestion was equally welcome and not. She didn’t trust herself much longer alone with him. The fire that had been burning between them was reaching critical levels and she wasn’t sure she was ready to take it further than the kisses just yet. But she also knew that if they were to curl up and watch a movie here on that very inviting couch, she would not be able to stop herself or him from giving in to the passion that overtook them every time they got close.
“Comedy or Action?” she asked, scrolling through the cinema app on her phone.
“Comedy if there’s a good one.”
“Adam Sandler has one out now.”
“Sold. You can’t usually go wrong with him.”
“You don’t even want to know what it’s about?”
“Nah. I’m trusting your judgment but be warned that, if the movie doesn’t hold my attention, it will have to be directed in other areas.” He made a slow and very deliberate perusal of her from head to toe and back. Smiling at the slight indecision in her eyes before it turned to embarrassment. He came over and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek.
“Don’t be embarrassed beautiful. You’ve had my attention for a while now and it’s not going anywhere.” Her cheeks flamed and she looked puzzled. It was then he remembered that she hadn’t seen him in the park that first day. He’d have to tell her about that one day, but right now, they needed to get out of his apartment before he gave her the attention she deserved from him. Hot, sweaty, naked attention. Grabbing their jackets, he ushered them out of the door and down to his car.
The movie was great. They shared a large soft drink and a bag of pick-n-mix sweets and laughed out loud plenty. Much to Sebastian’s annoyance, the place did indeed put a halt to almost all of his amorous advances. The arm rest kept them far too far apart and they laughed so hard in places that he couldn’t keep his arm around her. So he had settled for some hand holding and a couple of quick pecks on her cheek, after her boisterous laughter matched his and made his smile bigger.
Back at his apartment to collect her laptop, Sebastian found himself in unchartered territory. He didn’t want her to leave but knew it would be a mistake to ask her to stay. As she thanked him for the thousandth time for his help, he decided that it was time to shut her up with a kiss to say the thing he wouldn’t allow with words. She babbled on as he ran his hands down her arms and removed the bags from her hands. After placing them on the floor and leaving his lips hovering a tiny inch away from hers for a moment, he looked her in the eyes. The chatter stalled as she held her breath in anticipation. Who was he to disappoint? This is what he wanted.
His kiss was a statement and a promise. It told her he wanted her and he would have her. His arms held her tenderly and he broke the kiss all too soon, showing her progression would be at her pace.
“Can I see you tomorrow?” he asked, holding on to one of her hands and using his fingertips to tease the skin on her inner wrist.
“Yes, I’d like that.” She smiled shyly.
“Do you have to work?” she shook her head ‘no’. “Great. Be ready at eleven. Wear casual clothes you can move freely in.” He smiled, a plan for tomorrow was already forming. Picking up her bags, he added “C’mon, I’ll see you to your car. You’ll need your rest for tomorrow.



Chapter sixteen

The next morning brought rain and lots of it. It did nothing to dampen Layla’s spirits though. As requested, she had worn casual clothes. Grey cargo pants, that hugged her hips and bum. She coupled the cargo pants with a cap-sleeved, pink and grey checked shirt. The shirt was fitted and accentuated her curves well. Even with a pair of white Toms and a basic ponytail, she felt quite sexy as she sauntered out of her bedroom at 10:45. They had been texting into the early hours of the morning until disturbed by Jasmine. Who had returned from a night out, quite inebriated. She now lounged on the sofa nursing a cup of coffee.
“I’d ask if I can meet your fella today but I don’t think I’m up for it.” She croaked and winced as she sipped on her hot beverage. Layla felt instantly guilty for thinking she’d much rather introduce them with Jasmine looking dishevelled and slightly hung over.
“No point yet. Who knows if it will go anywhere.” Layla replied, shrugging and turning away to hide the turbulent emotions that spiralled at just the thought of Sebastian rejecting her at some point. She gathered her bag, phone and jacket.
“I don’t understand how such a hopeful and positive person in every other aspect can be such a pessimist when it comes to men.”
“Past experience little sister.”
“Well, he’s not one of your past men and, from what you’ve told me, he seems very keen. You’re gorgeous and fabulous. Why would it not go anywhere?” Jasmine asked. Layla’s only response was another shrug. The intercom buzzed, “Have fun Sissy. I’m going to drink a gallon of coffee then go see the Parentles while I have some free time.”
“See you later. Say ‘hey’ from me and tell them I’ll come over in the week. Love ya.”
“Will do. Love ya.”
~~~
A kiss hello and a car ride later, Sebastian led Layla through the rain and to an indoor Crazy-Golf course. Thirty-six holes, Indiana Jones style, for their enjoyment. That was until their competitive natures reared up. The first few holes flew by and the scores steadily rose in equal measure.
“This was a fantastic idea. I haven’t played crazy golf since I was a kid on holiday and Jazzy gave me a black eye.” Layla smiled at the memory.
“Did she give you a black eye because you beat her?” Sebastian asked incredulously. Layla laughed out loud.
“No. My Dad used to watch a bit of golf on the TV and it was her first time on the course. The first complicated hole, which was about the fourth one along, and she thought she needed a good swing at it. I was stood too close behind. I got a club in the eye and she got so upset about it ,we had to go back to the caravan so she could calm down.”
It was Sebastian’s turn to laugh out loud. “Sorry I shouldn’t laugh,” He said but continued on. “…I just didn’t expect a couple of sisters to have a story like that. It sounds more like one of my lot’s doings.”
“Oh we were no angels. We, well more Jasmine and I would allow it, could find some sort of mischief almost anywhere we went.”
Sebastian was happy with this snippet of information. He knew she would do fine at one of his family gatherings. Everyone had loved her at the party as the photographer. She had been confident in her role. The attention would be different when she came as his girlfriend.
Hold the phone! Did he really just think ‘girlfriend’ and not even freak out a little? Shit! This woman was doing some crazy things to him. Like right now. She was wiggling about getting into position for her shot.
The holes were beginning to get a bit more difficult and considering that she hadn’t played in years, she was good. Not noticing that she had looked over, he carried on staring at her bum unashamed. Instead of feeling conscious, Layla let it fuel her. She gave a definitive swing, getting a hole in one.
“YES!” she squealed with delight and high fived a shocked Sebastian. She moved in close and whispered,
“You’re ogling is bringing me good luck. Feel free to carry on.” Her victorious smile was beautiful as was the small kiss she left on his cheek. “Your turn. Let’s see how you do.”
He concentrated, well tried to, while Layla stood close by in his peripheral vision. He could see her playing with the handle of her putter. He groaned inwardly as she wrapped her small hands around the handle. His thoughts replacing the handle with an equally stiff part of his body. He took the shot and three more before his ball disappeared down the hole.
“I think, but I’ll have to check…” she made a show of totting up the scores so far, “…yes that puts me in the lead by three strokes.”
Why did she use such provocative words? He was going to have to join her at this game if he wanted to win. It was funny because he would quite happily lose to her and he never liked to lose, at anything.
“C’mon short stuff. Your boasting is causing a queue.” An older couple with a young child, smiled at them as they wandered round to the next hole.
The competition really began then.
Sebastian waited while Layla did her little wiggle. As she was about to connect with the ball, he palmed one sweet cheek and ran his fingertips over it as he moved to face her. Not expecting the contact Layla gave a start and hit the ball much harder than intended. It flew through the air, bouncing off a make-shift boulder, skimming some plastic foliage and landing in the next holes area. Much to the surprise of the people there. Layla’s face flamed and she went to collect her ball, apologising to them before returning with what was supposed to be a glare.
“Don’t look at me like that,” Sebastian pointed the handle of his club in her direction, “You started with the playing dirty by wiggling that sexy bum in my direction for the last five holes.” He almost laughed at the shocked expression and the rosy cheeks, knowing she had only purposely done it on this one.
“If that’s the way you want to play it….” She turned and bent from the waist to place her ball back on its marker and retake the missed shot. Sticking her backside out in plain view and then just for good measure, wiping one palm, then the other, across it before getting a good grip on her club. She glanced over to see Sebastian shaking his head. His eyes narrowed and a sexy smile was on his lips. She took her shot quickly before he could retaliate and potted the ball with two more.
When Sebastian stepped up, she stood close to the marker on the opposite side. While he took a moment to think through his shot, she popped an extra button on her shirt revealing a little more skin and a flash of black lace and resumed an innocent stance.
As he bent to place his ball he paused. Had her shirt been that open all this time? The swell of a creamy breast teased his vision. The large breath she took pulled the shirt tighter and opened it a touch more and gave him a glimpse of lace before she released it. She hurried him along with a wicked smile. He potted in two shots, bringing their score a little closer to even again.
The games progressed, both the golfing and the flirting.
Layla continued using every opportunity to bend and stretch, flashing patches of smooth skin. She invaded his personal space almost but not quite touching.
Sebastian upped the stakes, unable to resist the urge to touch any longer. Grabbing a handful of buttocks and slipping his fingers under her shirt. He ran his hand over the skin on her side and hip as he moved around her for his turn. She smiled up at him, eyes so dark and full of bold hunger. It took all his willpower to break the connection of eyes and touch and continue with their pursuit of Crazy-Golf. But, she had flicked a switch inside him that he could no longer switch off.
A few holes later, he offered his ‘assistance’. Which was merely an excuse to get in as much bodily contact as was decently possible in this public place.
“Here, let me show you how it’s really done.” He suggested. The scores had dramatically altered and he was winning by a mile.
Standing behind her, he moved in close, placing a hand on each of her hips as he positioned his legs outside of hers. Then with a gentle pressure, drew her in that last inch so their bodies were flush back to chest, butt to crotch. He was hard and the desire that had been building in Layla reached critical levels, as her centre swelled and moistened. She couldn’t resist that slight push back. Nestling his length against the swell of her backside, he gripped her hips tighter in response and she swore she felt him grow bigger.
After a couple of deep breaths from him, he moved his hands from her hips and positioned them over hers on the handle of the club. Completing a couple of practise swings to lengthen the moment, the slight movement hindering any chance of diminishing the bulge in his shorts for when she moved away. He adjusted his stance a touch and in that moment Layla turned her face up to his. She ran the tip of her nose up his cheek as she slanted her head and laid her soft lips upon the corner of his mouth, withdrawing them fractionally only to return them a little more firmly and centrally.
His limit had been reached and he hoped to god so had hers or he was just about to make huge mistake. The thought didn’t stop him.
“Fuck this.” He growled deep and low in her ear. “Please tell me you want to get out of here as much as I do?” There was a hint of desperation in his voice and he couldn’t care less as she whispered on a long breath.
“Oh god, yes.” He’d never adjusted his junk so fast, bending to pick up the ball from the floor. Straightening, he took both clubs in one hand and Layla’s hand with the other. His strides were long and fast and a part of him felt bad hearing the pitter-patter of her feet trying to keep up behind him.
Neither said a word, not on the walk back to his car or on the hellish drive back to his home. Layla chewed on her lip as he drove, well sped really, and nervously caressed his arm that lay across the car so he could have a hand on her leg. As her fingers explored the heated skin of his forearm, his fingers drew circles on her inner thigh in between gear changes. Sebastian seriously considered trading in for an automatic so he could keep his hand on her.
She was drenched. After yet another set of traffic lights and another change in gear, his hand returned. Higher and higher up her inner thigh, travelling further north. She couldn’t help adjusting in her seat and opening her thighs a little more, granting his fingers access to wherever they wanted to go. Her breath was shallow and she held it fast at the first contact of her swollen core. A ragged release came a moment later as his fingers skimmed the juncture of her thighs and travelled deliciously over her engorged bud.
Taking the initiative, she placed her right hand on the gear stick and watched his leg for the clutch dip. Changing gears herself so he could keep the connection to her.
Sebastian was harder than he ever remembered being. The fact that she took over the gears so he could continue to explore her drove him wild. He slowed down a touch, both the speed of the car and the caresses. His vision concentrated on the road and getting them safely back to his place as he continued to stroke her gently over the fabric of her trousers. By the time they were pulling into his street, he could feel her moistness through them as well as his own rampant desire.
Hand in hand, they entered the lift at his building. As soon as the doors slid closed, encasing them alone, he was on her. Without hesitation, her arms came around his neck. Her fingers anchored themselves in his hair as they kissed deeply. His tongue made a long sensual sweep into her mouth as his hands travelled down to her arse. He took a good hold and lifted her clear off the floor. She wasted no time in wrapping her legs around his waist as he crushed her to his chest. She only released his mouth as the lift dinged its arrival at his floor. He carried her into the hall, still kissing down her neck. With only a little difficulty, he managed to unlock his front door.
Once inside, the keys were dropped to the floor and the door kicked shut. Turning back to the closed door, Sebastian pressed Layla up against it. His assault on her neck had left the skin there sensitive to the now cool air of the apartment.
His mouth took hers again in another passion filled kiss as his hands squeezed her butt and his hard length pressed into her burning core. One hand left her cheek and made its way up towards her breast. Just the thought of it had them aching for his touch. She heard him mutter something filled with expletives as his hand got caught in the fitted shirt, just short of its desired destination.
“Too many clothes!” Sebastian growled and released his tight hold on her. Layla unwrapped her legs from around him and slid down to the floor, unsure they would be able to hold her up. Gathering some semblance of control, Sebastian forced himself to slow down the moment.
With confident fingers, he began to pop open the buttons securing her shirt. Her chest rose and fell in fast movements beneath his fingers as they descended past her breasts and lower until he got to the last button. He splayed each of his hands over her stomach, skimming them upwards and outwards and pushing each side of her shirt open as they went. It opened up to reveal a black lace bra encasing smooth supple breasts. His hands passed teasingly over the lace. His thumbs coasted over the silky skin atop it and followed the line of the strap up to her shoulder so he could remove both the strap and the shirt. He gave it a final push and let it fall off Layla’s arms, bending to kiss her naked shoulder and work his way down.
Layla had to remind herself to keep breathing. His hands were magical, leaving a trail of fire where ever they touched and teased her sensitised skin. Her breasts felt heavy, her nipples hard under the fabric and aching to be touched. When he began to kiss his way towards one, she stopped breathing all together. Finally, his mouth reached the curve of her right breast as his hand cupped her left. Using his tongue to tease the skin of one, he gave the other a gentle squeeze, she felt it everywhere. A delightful shiver skittered down her spine. Her knees now more, liquid than solid, were barely able to keep her upright. A steady throb settled inside her. She clutched his arms for support as he continued his exploration.
Still paying homage to her chest with his kisses, he let a hand wander down her navel and across to her hip. His fingertips slipped into the waistband of her trousers. He skimmed them along her skin, making short work of the button and zipper in the centre, before slipping them inside and under her black lace thong. His fingers slid with ease through a small patch of curls before dipping lower to make a small circle around her very swollen bud. He continued circling, a couple more laps, before moving on towards her opening.
At the touch of his fingers on her drenched womanhood, she lost the last of her control. She pushed against the talented digits as her body screamed for more. Her head was thrown back against the door and her fingers gripping a handful of his hair, holding his head in place at her breast. He continued to tease her, sliding a fingertip along her folds. He grazed the sensitive button again and then slipped back. Dipping inside her, just a little, he repeated the process. Layla moaned and tried fruitlessly to grind herself against his hand. When this failed to get her what she wanted she took a deep breath and whispered,
“Please…. I need more.”
She was already flushed with pure sexual excitement. She couldn’t have gone any pinker at her own boldness. She thought he hadn’t heard her as he continued his ministrations but then he sank one long finger deep inside her soaked channel and she moaned loudly at the exquisite sensation. He pulled the digit back and out completely before returning it, along with another, and pushed them deeper. He added his palm, applying a delicious pressure to her clit with each push inside. Her next moan was swallowed by a kiss as Sebastian took control of her mouth and her pleasure. His tongue in her mouth, matching the rhythm of his fingers inside her.
Slow and steady, he kept up the rhythm until he felt her tightening around his fingers. He curled them inside her, finding her sweet spot and felt her walls pulse. He used his free hand to undo the clasp of her bra and released it. It fell away from her breasts, exposing her to his touch and sight. Increasing the motion of fingers and palm between her legs, he latched on to one budding nipple. Sucking it into his mouth he was delighted at the, “Fuck, yes!” that tore from her lips.
He gave a tiny bite to her skin as her passage strangled his fingers inside. She was close. He cupped her breast in one hand and sucked deeply again on her nipple. His other hand massaging, his palm outside and his fingers inside, until she flew over the edge of desire. She exploded her passion all over his hand with a loud cry out to God.
That would be the last time she would be shouting any name but his at her pleasure.
With her eyes still shut tight, he kissed her slowly as she came down from her high and gently removed his hand from her trousers. She opened her eyes to him tasting her on his sodden fingers. A satisfied smile played on his lips.
“Want a taste? You’re delicious.” She bit her bottom lip and dipped her eyes to the hard length trying desperately to escape from his jeans. Nodding her head ‘yes’ and enjoyed the look of fierce lust in his eyes when she looked back up. Grabbing him by the t-shirt, she pulled him over to his large sofa then lifted it to get it off. She struggled at his shoulders because of their height difference and was unable to stop a little giggle as he was forced to bend to help her remove it. The giggle soon stopped when he stood back up and she got a look at the finest torso she had ever seen.
He looked bigger semi naked. Broad shoulders curved down to defined muscular arms and an equally defined chest. His chest was peppered with dark hairs and she brought a hand up to touch. She openly looked her fill, completely forgetting she was also naked from the waist up. He closed his eyes while she ran her tiny hands all over his upper body. When they dipped into his jeans, he almost shook with the anticipation of what was coming next.
Popping each button with trembling fingers, she had him completely naked a few moments later and pushed him to sit. She dropped to her knees in between his legs. Never had she been so brazen before and, if she stopped for even a second, she may just lose her nerve. He must’ve seen something in her eyes as he sat forward and ran a hand down her face, cupping her cheek and kissing her softly.
“You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to.” He told her with a look of understanding. She bit her lip and answered on a whisper.
“I want to. It’s just been a while and I’m a little nervous.” She looked away from his intensely blue eyes. He kissed her again, starting at her cheek and softly travelling to her mouth which he took just as gently.
The sensual kiss was what she needed and she deepened it. When after a moment, it just wasn’t enough anymore, her hands came to rest on his thighs. As the kissing continued, she moved one and took a tentative hold on his erection. She felt it throb at the contact. His hands made leisurely strokes up and down her naked back and her hand began a similar rhythm stroking his hard yet velvety soft member. Again, she soon reached a point where it wasn’t enough.
She let her mouth lead the way. Along his stubbled jaw line, down his neck and lower still to his defined chest, taking a moment to work a nipple and loving the throb in her hand as she sucked and gave it a small bite. He leaned farther back as she made her way down his rock hard abs and held his breath as her mouth finally reached the tip of his length.
Swirling her tongue around the head, she held it at the base then took the tip inside her mouth, swirling her tongue again before taking as much of the length as she could. She couldn’t quite manage the whole length as she sucked up and down on his hard shaft. The groans reverberating through his chest indicated he didn’t mind. His moans of pleasure drove her on, her tongue getting familiar with every groove and contour of him. Her fist massaged what she couldn’t fit in her mouth, so every inch of him was enclosed by her. His throbbing had become more insistent now as she revelled in the pleasure she was giving him.
Sebastian fought hard to keep his impending release at bay but her mouth was a warm wet heavenly cavern and his cock was having no problem setting up camp there. His toes curled as he fought the urge to rock his hips as she concentrated for a moment on the tip before sucking him in more deeply than he had felt her go yet. If she wasn’t careful, she was going to have this over and soon.
“Babe, that feels so damned good. You need to be careful or am gonna…mmmm….come.” The last word came out as a strangled moan as she never ceased her exquisite movements.
He was literally panting now with the effort to hold back. Layla lifted her head and looked straight into his now dark blue eyes, her hand making a slow stroke up and down his moist length. She gave him a wicked smile and returned her mouth to his manhood, loving the loud groan of approval.
Sebastian couldn’t take his eyes from her. He watched as his length disappeared into her mouth over and over. The feeling was out of this world. When she moaned around him, the vibrations rippling down his shaft made him lose the last ounce of control. He came hot and hard into her welcoming mouth, crying out her name on a ragged breath.



	Chapter seventeen	

Not giving a thought to how naked he was, Sebastian pulled Layla up onto his lap. She was suddenly very conscious of her naked upper body so she allowed as much contact as possible, squishing her still exposed breasts into his chest, as she curled up on top of him. He kissed her forehead and wrapped his arms tightly round her.
“I think you may have just ruined me for anyone else.” He lightly commented and felt the tensing of her body on his. He ran his hands idly across her silky skin, feeling content that the thought of him with anyone else affected Layla as much as the thought of her being anyone’s but his.
“Just to clarify, there is nobody else.” The tension eased slightly. He put a finger under her chin and tilted her face up to his. Waiting till she met his eyes he asked, “What about you?” He enjoyed the spark of fire in those expressive hazel eyes.
“Do you think I would’ve let all that happen if there was?” The fire soon died down when she saw the smile playing on his lips. She gave his chest hair a little tug, feeling victorious when he lost the smile and was instantly contrite, stifling a little yelp of pain. She kissed the spot and let her fingers play through the curls, adorning his beautiful body.
“Mmmm, that feels nice.” Sebastian felt her smile against his neck as she snuggled in a little further. This felt so wonderfully right and he was very thankful to the universe (and Ari’s helping hand) for giving them the opportunity to be together.
~~~
Layla woke to a rumbling vibrating through her. Her eyes still heavy, her upper body naked and a little sweaty. She peeled her cheek from Sebastian’s hot skin and felt his strong arms squeeze her a little.
“Hey beautiful. Sorry if my unruly stomach disturbed your little nap.” He watched her sleepy blush and couldn’t resist a quick kiss. “Are you hungry?” Her stomach grumbled its answer and she shook from Sebastian’s laughter.
“I guess so.” She said with a sheepish grin, then held on tight as he scooped her up and stood.
“You know you weigh next to nothing, right? I won’t drop you.”
“I know what I weigh and I have the curves to prove it’s a lot more than nothing.” She said wiggling to try and get free. Sebastian held on tight for a little longer and took her mouth again in an all-consuming yet rather chaste kiss.
“I think when you say ridiculous things like that I may just have to shut you up with a kiss.” He smiled adoringly at her pretty little scowl and finally lowered her to the floor.
The world was tilting or something wonderfully weird was happening. The man said the sweetest things and all for her. Insecurities warred with hopefulness rattling her brain. She stood, consciously trying to cover herself while Sebastian retrieved her bra and shirt from by the front door. She clutched the garments to her body and watched as he dressed, uncaring that he had been strolling around naked only moments before.
“Can I use your bathroom?”
“Of course, down the hall to the right.” He playfully swatted her on the bum and told her, “Make yourself at home. You don’t need to ask to use the bathroom.”
Layla shook her head and smiled. He was just so at ease with all of this, while her female brain was turning to mush around him. It just wasn’t fair.
She took herself off down the hallway and locked herself inside the bathroom. She put on her bra and shirt and looked in the mirror, scowling at her reflection. One red cheek imprinted what she presumed was a chest hair pattern. Her once neat ponytail was now hanging loosely somewhere at the back of her head. Half of her hair had escaped from the ponytail and was beginning to frizz around her face, from the heat of the man she had taken a semi-naked nap on. She groaned quietly, recalling the activities that had zapped her strength. Her inner slut reclined languidly, happy with everything that had taken place. The sensible half of herself wondered if she had just come across as a brazen hussy and was ruining her chances with the Adonis that was in the next room.
Her inner slut jumped up outraged. He loved it as much as you! Don’t over-think things. Layla splashed her face with some cool water and wiped the smudge of mascara from under one eye, all the while pep-talking herself to not over react to her wayward behaviour and appearance right now. After resecuring here ponytail, she spied some mouthwash on a shelf and swirled some round her mouth. An unexpected knock on the door had her spraying the mirror with the minty concoction.
“Do you fancy going out to eat babe? Everything alright in there?” Sebastian called through the closed door. Layla spat the remainder of the mouth wash in the correct direction down the sink and shouted back.
“Yeah, sure, that sounds good. I’ll be right out.” She grabbed some toilet paper and cleared the mess from the mirror and tiles that she had caused. Quickly used the toilet, washed her hands and joined Sebastian back in his living room, a few minutes later.
“What do you fancy then?” She asked, walking right into the “You.” Sebastian sent her way, with a cheeky smile. She smiled, shaking her head and corrected him.
“I meant to eat.”
“Still you sweetheart.” He replied again, unabashed with his salacious comments and watching as she opened and then closed her mouth again, contemplating her next question, only to discard the next… three by the looks of it. He laughed, gave her a quick kiss when she gave a slight pout and let her off the hook asking, “How about pizza?” to which she nodded her approval.
A couple of hours later, after enjoying a large pizza and sides at a little Italian place not far from Sebastian’s apartment, he had begrudgingly driven Layla home so she could work on the orders from the website. Only after she promised to come over during the week, would he kiss her goodnight and let her get to work.
Yes, he thought to himself on the lonely drive home, he had it bad for Layla already and he hadn’t even slept with her yet.
~~~
Monday morning came bright and early and had Sebastian whistling to himself as he walked through the office. Sophia sat behind her desk, a grin like a Cheshire cat adorning her pixie-like face.
“Someone got some this weekend.” It wasn’t a question and that smug look wouldn’t last long.
“Actually I didn’t. But as you’re so concerned in my sexual activities, let me ask you…” he paused and glanced over his shoulder for dramatic effect, turning back to stage whisper, “…when are you going to put my big brother out of his misery and get that sorted?”
Barley able to contain his satisfaction at the smallest hint of pink on Sophia’s cheeks (which was the most colour the girl had ever been seen to blush), Sebastian raised an eyebrow and Sophia snapped her mouth shut.
“Hmmm, I thought as much.” He tweaked her nose in an annoying, big-brotherly kind of way and ignored the death glare coming from her grey eyes, he continued. “You know it’s just a matter of time ‘till you crack that armour enough for him to let loose the big ‘V’-”
“Wait a minute, what?” Sophia squealed, then lowered her voice to a worried whisper, “You’re telling me Ethan is still a Virgin?” she asked with a look of pure bemusement. “That big hunk of a man has never had his goods sampled?”
Sebastian was thankful of all the years of training his face to stay neutral in the middle of mischief. It was a miracle he could keep this going, but he would, for a little longer anyway.
“Well, have you ever seen him with a girlfriend?” he managed to shrug nonchalantly before forcing himself to walk casually away to his own office. He collapsed in a heap on the floor, his laughter curling him into himself and he couldn’t keep the volume down. Sophia came storming into the office after him.
“You’re a dick. You know that right?” She scowled down at him, hands on her hips. When Sebastian finally managed to get his breath back, he sat up and answered.
“Yes Sophe, I know. But it was so worth it to see the look on your face! Of course that ‘big hunk of man’” he air quoted, “...has been sampled. I meant his ‘verve’, y’know, liveliness and enthusiasm.” He adopted his best innocent face and finished with, “I don’t know where you got virgin from?” before resuming his boisterous laughter.
The man of topic came into the office then.
“What’s got him in a hyena-state?” he asked Sophia, pointing a thumb at his still uncontrollably laughing brother. All he got was the end of the death stare she was throwing at Sebastian, then a frustrated little growl and off she stormed back to her desk, muttering under her breath. Ethan tried again,
“What’s going on? Why is Sophe trying to kill us both with just her eyes?”
“Bro, you don’t even want to know.” Sebastian replied, wiping his tear stricken face and resuming his composure. He came round and slapped Ethan on the back.
“You ever going to get the courage to admit how you feel about her?” He was on a roll this morning, full of the joys of blossoming relationships. He got a clear and present “Fuck off.” from Ethan, who elbowed him in the ribs and made a sharp U-turn back to his own office.
No matter, he was quite happy with his own company and thoughts of his beautiful girl to keep him ploughing through his workload.
~~~
Tuesday morning didn’t fare so brightly. Layla had been working the night before so wasn’t able to text much and had still not said when she would be over to see him. A new upcoming contract had monopolized his time and he had missed a call from her. The sweet little voicemail she had left had eased his ire a little but not totally, as there had still been no mention of seeing her.
Wednesday morning rolled around and all he’d gotten was an hour phone call and still no word on some face to face contact (literally). He was walking round with a face like he was sucking on lemons. In the office, Ethan and Sophia were both giving him and each other a wide berth and communication was mostly being done through emails and post-it notes. Deciding enough was enough, he took matters into his own hands and gave Layla a call before she started her shift today.
On the third ring she picked up.
“Hello handsome. I was just thinking about you.” Her greeting made his ridiculous mood soar straight from sour to fabulous, in those few short seconds.
“Hey beautiful. You’ll have to tell me about those thoughts while I remember what I was actually going to say, ‘cause now I’m just hoping your thoughts involve you and I being in a lot closer contact than a phone call will allow.” She giggled.
“They do actually.” There was a little pause and he pictured here biting that plump lower lip, “Are you free tonight?”
“Sweetheart, I am always free for you. What did you have in mind?”
“Well my shift is over at five so I was wondering if you wanted to have dinner with me?”
“I would love to. Where would you like to go?” Sebastian asked.
“I will sort it out on my break, my treat this time, no arguments. I will call you when I finish to leave you all the details.” She left no room to argue. “Gotta get to work now, so I’ll talk to you in a bit and see you later.”
“You sure know how to leave a man wanting more.” He enjoyed the bubbly laughter on the other end. “Okay, okay. Don’t work too hard; you’ll need to save some strength for later baby.” He liked the little gasp even better and quit while he was ahead.
“Bye beautiful.”
“…Bye…” and she ended the call.
Sebastian sat back in his large office chair the tension from the past day had evaporated from that one quick call. With a clear mind, he got back to work.
~~~
A tired looking Layla walked through his door after 7pm still in her work clothes and carrying Chinese food.
“I’m so sorry. I promised us dinner out and turn up looking like this and with takeaway. I can turn around and leave again, if you want?” She started the motion as she finished her sentence. Sebastian quickly took the take away and her hand, pulling her right inside the door and into his arms.
“As long as I got you and food, it’s all good.” He nuzzled her neck then kissed a path to her lips, lingering for a minute or two before pulling back and planting one last one on her forehead. He led her to the sofa.
“Sit. I’ll plate up.” He ordered and she complied, too tired to argue.
They tucked into their Chinese food, plates on laps on the sofa. Layla had kicked off her shoes and crossed her legs getting comfortable for the first time in hours that day.
“Work was so busy today and we had a no-show from one of the new waitresses. I had to stay ‘till Gio found a replacement. So, I came straight here, well via the Mei Zhen.” She explained in between fork fulls of noodle.
“This is good Chinese and I have no problem with staying in to eat and keeping you all to myself.” Sebastian replied, a little twinkle in his eye.
“I bet.” She said on a chuckle, enjoying that twinkle far too much. “Can I request a DVD and duvet session?” His eyes widened more than she thought would be possible and she gave him a light smack on the arm.
“Is your mind always in the gutter?” This time he laughed.
“Not always, but it does seem to be a lot round you. It must be because I find you so sexy. Even with sauce on your chin…” he used a thumb to wipe it off, “…and your chest.” A stay drop had landed in between the open sides of her shirt, just above the swell of her breast. This time, he licked the offending droplet from its resting place which elicited a tiny moan from Layla.
“So DVD and duvet?” he asked, determined to show her he could behave.
“Yeah, if I was at home after a day like today I would take a shower, put on my comfiest pyjamas, pick one or two DVD’s, grab a blanket and veg out on the couch for a bit before bed. I was hoping you wouldn’t mind doing a little vegging with me on your fabulous sofa?” she asked, giving her own version of a please-give-me-my-way smile. She must’ve pulled it off.
“How can I say no to that? Did you bring your ‘jamas and do I get to join you in the shower?” he asked, waggling his eyebrows at her slightly shocked expression.
“I…well…erm.” She bit her lip, contemplating showering but not wanting to disappoint Sebastian and admit that she was feeling a little shy about the joint shower idea.
He watched, amused at the battle in her eyes. Taking the empty plate from her lap, he kissed her lightly and put her out of her misery.
“Take a shower while I sort the dishes and a blanket. I will find you something resembling pyjamas and then we can veg together and pick some DVD’s.” He was rewarded with a stunning smile that made her eyes sparkle and the room feel like the sun had just peeped in through the windows.
“Okay, thanks. I won’t be long.”
Sebastian went to find something for Layla to relax in. He pulled out his smallest pair of boxers, a white t-shirt with a Ghostbusters logo on it and a pair of soft grey sweat-pants. He laid them all out on his bed. He stopped outside the bathroom door on his way back and gave a light tap.
“I think Livi might have left some sort of coconut body wash last time she stayed. It’ll be in the cupboard under the sink.” He shouted through the closed door. After hearing her ‘okay’, he forced himself to keep moving and failed at keeping the image of a fully naked Layla in his shower out of his head. It made washing dishes both more enjoyable and a little uncomfortable.
 In the bathroom, Layla secured her hair into a bun and hopped into the shower. Washing away the sweat and Bistro smell felt good and she was looking forward to curling up with Sebastian for a cosy evening in. She dried and wrapped her body in the towel before reluctantly leaving the bathroom. Making her way up the short hallway, she peered round the corner but Sebastian was nowhere to be seen. A little tug on the back of her towel made her squeal and hold on to it for dear life. She spun round to find a smiling broadly Sebastian.
“I was in the office.” He said, pointing a thumb over his shoulder. “I left the clean clothes on my bed. I’d offer to help but I’d much rather be taking them off you than putting them on.” Her whole body seemed to blush in response to his statement or was it in anticipation? Sebastian pulled her in close and kissed her deeply, causing her naked skin to bloom with goose bumps. He let her go a moment later and she took herself off to get dressed.
Sebastian had a small pile of DVD’s ready to choose from when she returned.  She was pulling the ties to the sweat pants that were trying to swallow her whole and kicking the extra leg length as she walked, so as not to trip up.
“Haha, you look like you’re dressing up in your dad’s clothes.” Sebastian laughed. The pants were far too wide and long for her tiny frame and the t-shirt came to mid-thigh. Although his laughter died as he realised she was braless under the fabric, a hint of pointy pink nipples teased his vision through the thin white cotton.
“I feel like it too. This t-shirt is fab. I love retro movie t-shirts. I have a collection of them.” Layla said, sitting beside Sebastian and beginning her perusal through the DVD’s.
“Yeah, it’s one of my favourites.” He said, thinking that it was now his most favourite while she wore it.
Undecided whether to go current or classic, a compromise was reached when Layla spied The Expendables. A current action flick with a great cast of classic action hero stars. While Sebastian went to put the disc in, she attempted to roll up the legs of his pants to free her feet. By the time she got to them, there were so many rolls it looked like her feet were being saved from drowning by two floatation devices. She unrolled them and grabbed the blanket.
Picking up the remotes, Sebastian came to sit back down. Watching as Layla pulled the blanket over her legs and did something under there. Next the sweat pants she had come through in were pulled out. His brain registered there was very little clothing left on Layla and he quickly joined her under the blanket. His eyes on the start of the movie, mind full of how much skin he could touch while ‘watching’.



Chapter eighteen

Making themselves comfortable, the pair settled in to watch the movie. Sebastian lifted his arm and Layla accepted the invitation, snuggling in close. After a little while, the heat from his body had her wiggling her bare legs out from under the blanket to cool down. Without thinking, Sebastian began running a hand over her silky skin. From ankle to knee, he lightly caressed, enjoying the little twitches as his fingertips grazed behind her knee. Making a leisurely skim back down to her ankle, she lifted her leg higher up his own, giving him access to her foot. Her knee was just short of touching his stirring bulge.
He complied to her silent plea and let his fingers brush over her foot, across her toes and under to the soles. Coasting them from toes to heel before using his whole hand to begin the journey up her leg. He could feel the reaction his touch was causing from the bumps under his palm and he couldn’t help but allow his hand to float softly past her knee and continue onwards up her thigh. As he reached the top and cheekily let just his fingertips brush under the cotton of his boxers and tease the edge of her bottom, she let out a long breath and out came the tiniest of moans.
It was his undoing.
Turning his face into hers, he kissed her softly. When their tongues met, his hand returned more fully to the cheek his fingers had teased. He took a handful and squeezed it gently. Cradling her in the arm that was already around her, he leaned into her so they were now lying across the sofa cushions on their sides. Layla’s leg draped over his hip as he continued with his strokes up and over from foot to butt and the kisses deepened. She could feel his large erection poking her abdomen and her core ached in response. Her hips were moving of their own accord to try to make contact.
With her free hand, she found the edge of his t-shirt. She lifted it to gain access to his skin. She skimmed her hands up his taut stomach and over a bulging pec. His tight nipple tickled her palm as she coasted over it and caused his hips to jerk in response. She gave a firm squeeze to the solid muscle before dragging her hand down his side. With her own leg blocking the way to his behind, her only option was to travel towards the large bulge in his shorts. Feeling nothing but need, she palmed it through his shorts, wrapping her fingers as much as the fabric would allow. She felt it throb under her touch.
Sebastian didn’t want to do this here. The woman had him from nought to sixty in minutes and she deserved more than a heavy petting session on the couch again. Without breaking the contact between their lips, he wrapped his arms tightly around her and stood from the sofa. The blanket fell away from them as she wound her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck. Sebastian walked them to his bedroom, kicked open the door and headed straight for his king-sized bed.
He lowered them down gently, loving how tightly Layla kept herself wrapped to him. He skimmed his body up hers until his raging hard-on reached her hot moist centre. They moaned in unison at the contact. Body parts pulsed deliciously with the sensations, hips jerking involuntary wanting more of the same. His hands roamed up her sides, pushing the t-shirt she wore up as they went. She arched her back and lifted her shoulders eagerly, helping him remove the item of clothing.
Leaning down on one elbow, he ran his free hand down the side of Layla’s face. His thumb brushed over her lower lip before being replaced by his own lips in a kiss so full of passion Layla thought she may just combust from that and the slight pressures where their bodies joined further south.
Her skin was so sensitised, the cotton of his t-shirt felt like sandpaper. She quickly remedied that and lifted it from the hem Sebastian took over and pulled it up and off. He threw it on the floor to join the Ghostbusters one Layla had been wearing. Returning his full attention back to her a second later, his lips kissing their way down her neck and over her chest before latching on to one dusky pink peaked nipple. Again Layla arched into him. Her core making a small movement along his swollen length and she moaned as the combined sensations swirled through her system, fuelling her want for this man. When his mouth travelled to give the other nipple the same treatment, she quite purposely rotated her hips grinding herself on his erection and making him moan. He released her nipple with a pop.
“Woman, if you carry on with that, you’re going to make me mess in my shorts.”
She smiled wantonly and replied, “Well take them off then.”
He didn’t need telling twice. He stood, his vision raking up and down Layla’s mostly naked, and very sexy body. Taking in each dip and curve, he removed his shorts and boxers, and the boxers she wore, leaving no other barrier between them. He took it all in. Her smooth peachy skin, a handful of supple breasts, hips curved as a woman’s should be. A small patch of dark curls adorning her mound which was pink and swollen and oh so inviting.
Running hands up her thighs and parting them as he went, he kneeled between them and leaned over her. He kissed a path from the valley between her breasts, over her stomach and out to a hip following the groove that led him back towards her centre. Her smell was intoxicating and he couldn’t wait for his first taste.
His first kiss teased her just above her sensitive bud and made her hips jerk again. The next one hit its mark and had Layla fisting the covers on either side of her as he gently kissed her bud again then gave it a light flick with the tip of his tongue. She could barely breathe as he continued to lick and stroke her folds. She didn’t even recognise the noises that were coming from her. She had never been touched like this before.
Sebastian licked on, circling the bundle of nerves, feeling her squirm and moan in response. She tasted as good as she looked and he took great pleasure lapping at her delights and entering one finger into her soaked channel. He stroked her inside and out until her hands reached for his head. With a handful of his dark wavy hair, she pulled him away from her. He looked up to see her almost panting, an intense look of uncontained desire in her eyes.
“I need to feel more of you… Please.”
“Your wish is my command.” He obliged and crawled up her body, the smooth head of his erection tickling her skin as he went. Leaning over to his bedside drawer to retrieve a condom, he almost collapsed on top of her as she wrapped a warm hand around his hardness and stroked it from tip to base. She kissed his chest and nibbled on the nipple closest to her. Sebastian knew he needed to get this rubber on and get inside her before she made him explode too soon.
Tearing the foil packet open, he sat back between her legs and rolled the condom down his length all the while watching Layla, desire and anticipation clear in her hazel eyes. Leaning over her naked body, he positioned his head at her entrance and slowly pushed into her slick heat. She was so tight, he worried he may hurt her but one look at her showed the ecstasy he was feeling reflected back from her and he pushed on. He buried himself deep inside her.
“Oh my, you feel so good.” Layla moaned and closed her eyes, feeling her core stretch to accommodate his thick length. Her inner muscles fluttered already at the thrill of being filled so completely by this gorgeous man.
She forced her eyes open again, afraid that this was all just a dream and looked into Sebastian’s intense sea-blue eyes as he began a steady rhythm. Hips rotating, he withdrew almost all of his length before returning it deeply into her sheath, over and over. Her hips came up to meet his, her body wanting to feel every inch sinking inside. She pulled his head down and her lips found his, fusing their mouths together. Tongues tangled and moans mingled into one as the friction increased. His thick member rubbed along all the right spots and drove her passions beyond anything she had ever felt before.
Sebastian increased the pace. Layla met him stroke for stroke, bringing her knees up to his sides and opening herself up to allow him even deeper access.
“Fuck, this feels amazing.” He groaned not sure how much longer he would last.
All Layla could manage was a long moan of agreement. Words failed her and sensations overtook her whole being as she climbed higher and higher towards her peak. Sebastian could feel her tightening around him and knew she was close. He slowed his movements fractionally and sought out a nipple, taking it between finger and thumb and rolling it gently. He kissed her again as the first ripples of her orgasm began a steady beat down his throbbing length, pushing him over the edge. He exploded inside her, each swallowing the others moans until the need for oxygen outweighed the need to be joined.
Sebastian went and disposed of the condom and returned to the bed. Layla had pulled a sheet up and was partly covered. He took hold of the corner and pulled it away, telling her, “I’ll keep you warm babe.” As he lay back down beside her and kissed her softly.
She plastered her naked body to his as he wrapped himself around her. When the kiss ended, she was no longer conscious of the fact that she was naked which had been the real reason for the sheet being over her. She seemed to be floating in a post-sex bubble of ecstasy as her body came down from its high and it took all her remaining strength with it. With Sebastian’s hot body like a life-size hot water bottle, she lost the battle and sleep consumed her. He felt the pattern of her breathing change and her soft body lull slightly more into him as she fell asleep. Sebastian pulled the sheet back over them and brushed the hair off her face before kissing her forehead.
“Sleep well beautiful.” He told her in a whisper and snuggled down with her, closing his eyes.
~~~
Layla stirred from a deep sleep, her mouth dry and her body pinned down with a heavy arm and leg. She attempted to get up but as soon as there was a little space between their bodies, she was pulled back in close and her neck was nuzzled.
“And where do you think you’re going?” Sebastian asked, his voice sleepily rough.
“I need a drink, the toilet and to know what time it is.” She answered as he continued to kiss her neck and shoulders.
“As I see no way to remedy those things from this position, I suppose I will have to let you go.” Sebastian relented and loosened his tight hold on her. “But, I need a kiss as payment to release you.” Layla had turned to face him as he spoke. Her heart skipped a beat as she encountered his sleepy smile and his beautiful blue eyes from the dim light that shone through the bedroom door. She obliged, lowering her lips to his; their kiss lingered and would’ve probably led to other things if her bladder wasn’t screaming at her to be relieved. She pulled away and scanned the floor for something to cover herself, finding the boxers and t-shirts. She picked them up and quickly covered her nakedness and found Sebastian pouting.
“You know there’s only us here; you could walk around naked if you want.” He told her with a semi-innocent shrug.
“I reckon that’s more do to with what you want than me, babe.” She said and leaned back down, unable to stop herself indulging in another quick kiss.
“Hmm, I like you calling me ‘babe’ and don’t think you will keep getting away with avoiding being naked around me.” He said with a knowing look in his eyes. So, she hadn’t been hiding her insecurities that well around him after all.
“I’ve seen it all now sweetheart and I plan to be seeing it a lot more too.” A devilish smile kicked up the corners of his mouth. “Now hurry along and get back to bed with me woman!” he ordered and swatted her lightly on the behind before letting her go.
Layla wandered into the bathroom, took care of business there and then padded bare foot into his kitchen. She helped herself to a bottle of water from the fridge, taking a welcome sip and grabbed one for Sebastian too. The TV was still switched on, the menu options from the DVD they had been watching playing a small tune on repeat. She made her way over to switch it off and, not seeing any visible buttons, went in search of the remotes. On her search she came across her handbag and took her phone out. Three texts and a couple of missed calls from Jazzy lit the screen up. It was almost 2am and Layla felt really guilty for not letting her sister know whether she would be home or not. Would she be home? She wondered. Sebastian had made it clear that he wanted her to stay, but could she? She sat on the sofa and sipped at her water. Again, her over-active mind whirling about what was the right thing to do.
The man that dominated her brain joined her a few moments later. Taking the water bottle from her hand, he took a long drink then set it down on the floor and turned to her.
“I’d really like it if you stayed.” He said simply and honestly and took her hand entwining their fingers. “It’s already late…” he paused a moment, lowering his head a little, “…and I’ve missed you these past few days. I’m not ready for you to leave again yet.” He used a much subdued but no less deadly version of that bloody Rhodes smile and she was done for. Her heart pitter-pattered a beat inside her chest with those sweet words and then turned to a pile of mush.
And here in lay her conundrum. She was already in way over her head. Her heart was already far too affected by him and, if she stayed, she was just throwing herself deeper, risking more hurt. Her new and improved-self scolded her for being such a wuss. What happened to living life instead of hiding away to ‘protect’ yourself? It was a damned good question and she knew she would regret not giving this a go more than she could regret going with it and seeing what happened. Her decision was made.
“Okay, I’ll stay.” She smiled at the look of pure delight on Sebastian’s face. “I just need to text Jazzy so she knows I’m not dead in a ditch somewhere.”
“Okay. If you hurry back to bed, I may even let you get some sleep.” Sebastian announced as Layla finished her text and bent to pick up the bottles of water from the floor. She heard him make a low growl.
“Who am I kidding? You’re not getting any sleep until I’ve exhausted you again and you’re too tired to escape.” And with a wink and a small yelp from her, he picked her up and took her back to bed for a repeat performance.
~~~
Sebastian was in the middle of the most realistic wet dream he had ever had. And if his luck was in, it was just about to get really good. He imagined Layla’s soft lips travelling down his abs and wrapping around the tip of his erection. He held his breath in anticipation, praying that he wouldn’t wake up yet and moaned loudly when he felt himself enter her warm mouth. Reality mingled with his dream and collided into the most amazing morning orgasm as he awakened fully enjoying the way Layla had roused him from his deep slumber.
After they had taken showers- separately much to Sebastian’s disappointment- they enjoyed a breakfast of scrambled eggs, bacon and toast. Chatting around the table as they ate, Layla found she was disappointed she had stayed on a ‘school-night’ and Sebastian had to go to work shortly. Luckily, she had some more orders to fill and some enquiries to follow up on. She was ecstatic that more photography jobs were trickling in.
~~~
Layla slipped silently into her apartment and found Jasmine in the kitchen making one of her smoothy concoctions. The whirring from the blender grated on her nerves as it echoed the state of her brain. But it masked any other sounds in the house so Layla sat herself at their table unnoticed, as she gathered her thoughts.
She couldn’t get Sebastian out of her head. Visions of last night and this morning assaulted her every few minutes, keeping her perpetually horny. As always, her heart and head were battling it out on how to handle all the emotions caused by any time with that stunning… large… hard… sensitive… gorgeous. Shit, there were just too many good points to describe him and too many of them put her back in mind of the- twice last night and once this morning- occurrences which were helping turn her brain into a pile of soggy mush. Lost in the whirlwind of thoughts and emotions, Layla didn’t even register her sister switching off the blender and turning around large glass in her hand until a loud shrill scream tore through the room. The glass Jasmine had been holding crashed to the ground, shattering and spraying the whole area with a think pink coating of mashed up fruits. Layla screamed in response and jumped up from the chair. She watched as the lower half of her black work pants were splattered and looked like they had been caught in a smoothy fight and lost.
“What-the-fuck! You scared the shit out of me!” Jasmine loudly berated her big sister between deep breaths. “When did you get back? Why didn’t you make a noise so I knew you were here?” she asked, surveying the mess then doubling up with laughter. Layla joined in as she looked around. She, at least, had long pants on that could easily be removed and washed. Jasmine on the other hand had a large amount of her long legs on show and would need a shower to remove the clumps of smoothy that had clung to them like a thick and sticky second skin.
“So you dirty little stop out, how was last night?” Jasmine asked, waggling her eyebrows and beaming a smile at Layla’s deep blush. “Ooh, that good eh? Spill it!”
“What about the mess?” Layla asked, trying to delay the inevitable.
“Fuck the mess! It’s not going anywhere and neither are you. Not until you spill it!” Jasmine pushed Layla back onto the chair and sat on her knee. Layla just shook her head and gathered some semblance of order to her thoughts.
“He’s amazing Jazzy.” She sighed long and hard. “Gorgeous, like male model/movie star gorgeous. He says the sweetest things, kisses like an angel-”
“And fucks like a horny devil?” Jasmine interrupted, bouncing giddily on Layla’s knees.
“Ow, get your bony ass off my legs. And god yes,” Layla relented, “He ‘fucks like a horny devil’”. Colour returned high to her face, neck and even her ears. It had been a long time since she had sex stories to share and she wasn’t overly comfortable sharing anymore. Jasmine stood and pulled her sister along with her to their bathroom.
“You’re going to tell me all the details while I shower. She pushed Layla to sit on the toilet and hopped in the bath, pulling the curtain around before shedding her ‘so-called’ pyjamas which were more like knicker-shorts and a skimpy vest top. Once Layla heard the water running, she made a quick escape shouting back that she needed to clean the mess before it put down roots and started paying rent and she would fill her in after.
~~~



Chapter nineteen

The days flew by. More and more new clients got in contact with Layla through the website and she had to cut back on her shifts at the bistro. She wouldn’t quit just yet. She had a long list of props that needed buying for newborn and children’s portraits and some more props for the photo booth. It was very popular and what kept her from extending her own social life too much while working other peoples’ parties. Sebastian had been her assistant on a couple of occasions, when time together had been in short supply for the week.
With Layla so busy, Sebastian had talked her into spending some nights at his place. Over a few weeks, she went from a couple of nights a week to staying at his place more than her own.
Post-it notes would be found in odd places around his apartment. Little sentiments to make the other smile, when their schedules got a little hectic and one would leave before the other would wake or get back from work. Sebastian began to feel very domesticated when he found items of her clothing in his laundry, not all of which he had put on. He was happy with how ‘at home’ Layla had made herself. A purple toothbrush now sat next to his in the holder in his bathroom along with some girly shampoo bottles on the shelf in his shower.
The best part, were the evenings. If Layla wasn’t working at the bistro she would mostly be found sitting on the sofa next to him, laptop on her knee, working on all her beautiful pictures. He was ecstatic that her business was taking off. So much so he found he couldn’t complain when her photo booth was in high demand stealing away far too many of their Friday and Saturday nights On those nights, he had left her texts persuading her to come and crawl into his bed so he could look after her after her hard nights work. Layla could think of nothing better than having her work aches being replaced by much more enjoyable ones.
They had made up for lack of weekend night outs by taking a weekday evening and turning it into a date night. They would eat out, go to the cinema or even do a little bowling. Nothing too outrageous with both having work to do the next day. Even the weekend days were being cut into with Layla still working a few shifts at the bistro and outdoor family portraits being an up and coming occurrence. Still, they managed to fit in a trip to the park one Saturday morning to take Layla’s monthly calendar shots and enjoy a little picnic.
They had stopped in at Rosebud’s on the way home, much to the delight of Arianna. Sebastian insisted Layla make a larger than usual bouquet so she could take some home and leave some at his place.
Layla began to feel a little bad though. Jasmine had been giving her guilt trips for about a week now, complaining that she never got to see Layla anymore. They had talked on the phone a lot but it just wasn’t the same. Jasmine, too, had a blossoming romance going on and wanted to share her news with her big sister. This was not unusual for Jasmine. She always had lots of attention and liked to fall fast and hard whenever she pleased and talk about it all. The girls decided to have a sister night at the nearest possible opportunity.
~~~
About a week later, they managed to find a mutually free night and no prior engagements too early the next day. Layla picked her sister up and they went to the local supermarket to stock up on all the essentials for their girl’s night in.
Face masks, conditioning treatments and new brightly coloured nail polishes were all thrown in with the makings of lemon cookies, chips and dips, an array of alcohol and fruit juices for homemade cocktails and lots and lots of ice. Yes, they had gone a little overboard, but why not? It just meant they would have to have another night again soon to finish all that alcohol off.
The sisters arrived home and got themselves in comfy clothes before beginning to bake the cookies and plating up some other snacks for later. Then finding the menu in the ‘messy’ drawer, they ordered the biggest pizza on there- half carnivore and half herbivore as Layla liked to call it. She wasn’t against vegetables but she always needed some meat to balance it out.
Face masks and conditioning treatments were applied while they waited on their delivery and Layla sent Jasmine to the door to pick it up.
“No way am I letting anyone see me looking like a greasy, green Loch Ness monster.” She protested. “You’re one of those made-for-movies kind of scruffy that I just can’t pull off.” Jasmine toddled off to the door, laughing at her sister and already slightly tipsy from the strong cocktails that had been consumed. Yes, it was definitely time for pizza.
With the box sat open between them, the girls dug in or tried to. Layla did her best to open her mouth to take a bite of her slice of pizza but her face mask just didn’t seem to want to comply. So what if it had been on a little longer than stated and had dried like cement, turning her head into what felt like a marble sculpture. The effects of the cocktails had settled in and without some sustenance to counter balance it she wasn’t about to attempt getting up off the sofa just yet.
She steeled herself and fought hard against the solid layer of gunk on her face, cursing her oily complexion. Winning the battle with a multitude of grimaces and varying smiles, she cracked that bad boy to a perfect level and devoured her first large slice. She was mmm-ing all the while and ignoring the laughter coming from the other end of the sofa.
“Oh my god, I thought you were gonna try and eat the whole thing in one bite with those faces you were pulling.” Jazzy laughed on.
“It’s alright for you with your perfect skin and non-drying mask. You have free facial movements.” Layla pouted still with half a mouthful of pizza. She really had missed spending some time with her sister like this.
“Right well as we are well on our way, I’m going to start with my news.” Jasmine’s smile lit up her face and her brilliant blue eyes sparkled. “I think I’m in love!” she stated a slightly dreamy look in her eyes. “His name is Leo and he is gorgeous, kind, fabulous kisser and awesome in bed!” she declared, pausing for a bite and a sip then continued.
“The other night we were on here,” she said gesturing at the sofa the girls where now eating on, “…butt-naked and he had my ankles-” she was interrupted as Layla gasped inhaling some meaty chunk and choking on her pizza. She jumped up from her spot. Jasmine gave her a few whacks on the back to help her along as she tried to recover.
“Please tell me you had a blanket down or something? And I’m not sitting and eating on yours and lover boy’s bodily fluids.” She finally asked, once she had the use of her vocal chords again.
“Well… um, sorry sis. I was that caught up in the moment I forgot the rule.” She had the grace to at least look a little contrite and with all the sofa action Layla had been racking up over at Sebastian’s (not following her own rule either), she thought it best to let the point drop.
“So things are going well with Leo? Where did you meet?”
“He’s a model. I met him on a shoot that I did a couple of weeks back. Sissy, you wouldn’t believe the body on him. The most peachy arse, abs that I could, well actually did, spend hours licking up and down every groove. He has that ‘V’ thing going on that I love and don’t even get me started on his package.”
Layla quickly put her fingers in her ears and began a chant of ‘la’s’, really not wanting to hear about her sisters boyfriends package. A small shove brought her back to reality.
“Fine, package details I will save for Nico seen as you don’t want to know. Right lets wash this mess off, have more cocktails and see if we can paint our nails without smudges.” Jasmine said with a large smile on her face. The last time they had drunkenly painted their nails they, had woken the next day looking like they had been for a mani/pedi at a beauty school for the blind.
Their evening progressed and more cocktails were mixed and consumed. Their apartment took on a blurry feel to it and the package details had finally been spilled when Layla didn’t have the self-restraint to fight it any longer. Personally, she hoped her sister had grossly exaggerated with the amount of alcohol swirling around inside them or she would have a mental block of this part of the evening come tomorrow.
Jasmine plugged in her iPod at some point and the girls had a drunken dance around their living room until Layla fell off the coffee table, crashing to the floor via a hip banging on the arm of the sofa, much to Jasmine’s amusement.
That was so going to hurt in the morning.
Talk ranged from what was happening with work to gossip from their circles of friends. Of course, the current boyfriends were the most favourite topic.
As the night wore on, the atmosphere changed to a little more subdued and serious.
“I really do mishh you round here y’know.” Jasmine slurred. “It’s jus’ not the same when we don’t bump into each other every now and again.”
“I know. I miss you too, Jazzy. I promise I will make more time to be at home with you. It’s just been so hectic with my shifts at the bistro, more and more photography work coming in and a greedy boyfriend to keep happy.” She said the last part with the goofiest look on her drunken face.
“Awwwww, look at you all happily coupled up!” Jasmine found herself genuinely ecstatic for her big sister. It was about time she had some luck with the opposite sex and took a chance; she had locked herself away for far too long.
“I’m so happy for you my gorgeous big sis. I can’t think of anyone who deserves happiness more than you.”
“Thanks, little sis. You do too, though just try not to rush things along so much. I don’t know... we are one extreme and another.” Layla pondered out loud. “I won’t take any chances and you take them all.”
“Nah, you’re taking a big step with Sebastian and it seems to be going well.” Jasmine corrected her.
“Yeah, it does… it’s kinda scary to say it all out loud though. I don’t want to jinx it and have it all go tits up because I’ve talked about it.” Jasmine’s heart went out to Layla, who looked genuinely worried that things could go wrong at any moment.
“Shut up, silly. Just because you’re telling me all about it doesn’t mean something bad will happen. Plus, you’re far too sensible to rush in like me and get your heart broken…” Jasmine did not miss Layla look away guiltily.
“Oh! My! God! You bloody love him, don’t you?” Jasmine watched her sister turn beetroot red before her eyes. “You do!” she was up and pulling Layla up for a huge and very jumpy hug to celebrate, swishing all the blood in her alcohol around inside her head.
It was a long time since her sister had been in love and she was far too much of a fabulous person to not have the love of a good man.
“Wait a minute!” Jasmine halted her celebrations, “What’s this…” She motioned with a long finger around Layla’s head, “… face for? Surely, from the way he hogs you, he feels the same way?” she asked.
How could she make Jasmine understand? Jasmine didn’t seem to have an insecure bone in her body and why would she? She was everything Layla wasn’t- tall, stunning, outgoing. She had men professing their love for her whether she wanted it or not. Where as Layla had wished for so long for a man to love her but it had never turned out that way. That’s why she had given up and decided to just work on herself and, at least, learn to love herself.
She thought she had done a good job too. She wasn’t the shy awkward teenager she used to be. She was stronger, so much more confident. She didn’t light up a room like Jasmine did, but she had never wanted to be her sister. She just wanted a little more of the confidence that she had in abundance. But since she had been spending more and more time at Sebastian’s, a few of her old insecurities had come creeping through, almost unnoticed, until this little heart to heart. Her inner voice berated her. See I told you to keep your mouth shut and not to ruin everything, but you’ve been listening to the slut far too much. She told her, pointing over her shoulder to the tongue pulling face behind her in the mini skirt.
“I don’t know.” Layla finally admitted with a defeated shrug of her shoulders. “He hasn’t said it, but then neither have I. And I’m not going to make the mistake of saying it first, just to be laughed at.”
Jasmine marvelled in disbelief at how her beautiful sister could feel this way about herself and came up with a drunken, yet brilliant, plan of action.
“Right!” she declared, “Get him round here to meet me. I’ll bloody well tell you if he loves you! I can see it a mile off.”
After all the jumping and cocktails, the thought of how she had just admitted to Jasmine that she loved him and now Jasmine was insisting on meeting him made Layla’s stomach do a flip, and not in a good way.
“Shit girl! Are you going to spew?” Jasmine asked. “You’re such a light weight drinker.” Layla just nodded and quickly made her way to the bathroom, praying that she would not vomit and that she didn’t have to deal with Jasmine and Sebastian meeting anytime soon.
~~~
“Well hello Son. Glad you could make it.” Oliver greeted Sebastian as he entered the living room at his Parent’s house.
“Hey Dad, how’s things?” Sebastian asked, shaking his father’s hand and taking a seat on the sofa, “Where’s everyone else?”
“Daniel and Ari haven’t arrived yet. Ethan is in the kitchen getting grilled by your mother,” he pulled a semi sympathetic face at that and continued his rundown, “Charlie started his new job and is still away, and the Twins are probably up to no good making plans for the park barbeque.” He always did his run down from oldest to youngest to make sure he didn’t miss anyone out. “We’ll end up with a bloody bouncy castle or something equally ridiculous this year, no doubt.” Oliver tried to scowl but Sebastian did not miss that little glimmer of mischief in his dad’s dark brown eyes. They had all learnt from the best and his dad could still be the biggest kid in the house when the mood took him.
A commotion at the door signalled the arrival of Daniel and his family and the two men went to greet them. Olivia came hurtling down the stairs and passed them in the hall way.
“Where are my girls?” she shouted, scooping up her nieces for a big squeezy hug. The girls joined in with glee, letting go when they spotted Matthew They pointed at him and in unison shouted,
“Matty, Matty, twug, twug!”
Matthew and Olivia had a special bond with their twin nieces and they had a special twin-hug that only the four of them were allowed in. They had named it a ‘twug’. Isla and Eliana loved their ‘twugs’ and everyone else wished they had their own special hugs too.
The new arrivals joined the others and made their way into the kitchen then, much to Ethan’s relief. He had sat through maybe twenty minutes of his mother berating him for lack of a love life and ‘as Sebastian has finally sorted himself out, Charlie is working abroad and Matty and Livi are still young enough to avoid it’. He was her number one target.
The noise increased exponentially as everybody gathered round. Elizabeth greeted the new arrivals warmly and the three women shoo-ed the men and the Twins out of the kitchen while the final preparations were finished and to make sure there would be enough food left to plate up. Oliver and Daniel had already had their hands smacked away for trying to steal a few morsels. The twins giggled behind their chubby little hands at Daddy and Granddad getting smacks from Nanny.
The family gathered round the table and the chatter never ceased. The main topic of conversation was Matthew and Olivia’s up and coming twenty-fifth birthday and the party in the park. Everyone was hoping Charlie would be home in time to attend but it wasn’t looking likely. It was a usually obligatory Rhodes family gathering and lots of fun was had as the large and boisterous family took control of a large portion of the local park for the day.
“I have ten throw away BBQ’s in the garage.” Oliver stated, “I’m not taking any chances after last year.” There had only been half that amount last year and the ever hungry Rhodes men were complaining at the wait for food. Everyone took a task on board to make sure that all food and drink where provided as well as bringing some sort of outdoor activity- football, Frisbee, bat and ball, etcetera.
“And I hope you’ll be inviting Layla?” Elizabeth phrased it like a question but Sebastian knew better.
“Yeah Bas, definitely bring Layla. We need more women to counter balance against all you men. Didn’t you say she has a sister? Get her to bring her too.” Livi stated.
“Yes, I’ll be inviting Layla.” He answered to get his mum and sister off his back.
“Make sure you do, ‘cause if you don’t I will. I have one of her cards with her number and I’m not afraid to use it.” Olivia threatened him.
“Don’t you dare,” Sebastian warned, “I’m quite capable of inviting my own girlfriend to your party and, if you get there before me, it will make her think I don’t want her to come.”
“Well you best get it done soon then.” Livi eyed him in challenge and he just shook his head at his annoying little sister.
“I’m seeing her after she finishes work later. I will ask her then. Does that work for you, darling sister?”
Checking to see that their parents weren’t looking, Livi flashed him the birdy over the table and got a smack on the shoulder from her mother.
“Not while the girls are here.” She warned.
“Sorry Mum, sorry Ari.” Olivia replied.
And so dinner continued until almost all of the food had been consumed and then they all retired to the living room as the weather had turned and brought a lovely bout of British down pouring at epic proportions.



Chapter twenty

Sebastian was wearing a hole in his carpet waiting for Layla to arrive. It had been almost 48 hours since he had seen her. It was the longest he had gone without her for at least a month now, but who was counting. He was!
He berated himself for turning into a bigger sap than Daniel had been after Arianna had come into his life. Then he decided that there was nothing wrong with being a bit of a softie where your wonderful girlfriend was concerned. He headed down to the car park, not wanting to wait the extra few minutes it would take her to get up to his door. He was having his kiss as soon as she arrived.
Layla pulled into the car park at Sebastian’s building and spotted him immediately. He leaned on his car a huge grin on his face. She gave a little wave, her stomach fluttering like crazy. She’d had a wonderful night with Jasmine and what she would class as an easy shift at the bistro today. But she had missed Sebastian like crazy after the first few hours of being away and she had been very tempted to call in sick this afternoon just so she could get to him earlier. The fact that he sat outside waiting on her arrival instead of in his apartment was a good sign that he had missed her too and her heart swelled with a little more love for that beautiful man.
Sebastian opened the car door as soon as Layla had secured the handbrake. The engine wasn’t even switched off as he leaned over, popped the button on her seat belt and pulled her eagerly and as gently as possible out of her seat. In another flash, he had her pinned against the side of her car and his lips took hers in a passionate kiss.
Layla reacted as she did every time their lips touched. She came alight with her own fiery passion. She opened her mouth to his persistent tongue, letting him roam her mouth deliciously. Her hands wound round his neck, pulling him in as close as possible. As soon as his hands came round to scoop her butt she wrapped her legs around his waist and held on as tight as she could. It still didn’t seem to be close enough but as she couldn’t actually crawl inside him (and they were out in the open, in full view) it would have to do.
When they finally broke to take in some much needed oxygen, she whispered simply. “Take me.” And nuzzled on his neck where it met his shoulder. Feeling him shudder and growl his approval had her hot core slick and ready. Sebastian quickly bent, switched off the engine, shut the door and turned to walk back to his home. He pointed the key fob over his shoulder and locked the car as he walked away from it. Layla smiled,
“I left my bag in the car.”
“I’ll come back for it. I have much more urgent things to accomplish right now.” He answered just the right side of curt in his impatience.
“Oh yeah?” Layla asked, “What might that be?” she raised an eyebrow, a clear look of lust in her hazel eyes.
“To make my girl scream my name while coming so hard she can see stars!” his intense blue eyes bore into hers, emphasising how serious he was, and Layla felt her centre contract with pleasure just from the heated words and look.
They got on the elevator and they were the sole occupants. She threaded her fingers through his thick dark waves and pulled his mouth back down to hers, pouring all the pent up sexual energy she had been feeling without him for the past forty-eight hours into that one kiss. By the time the elevator dinged its arrival on his floor, Sebastian had her pinned against a wall pressing his obvious arousal into hers, driving her insane with pleasure already.
Once they were inside his apartment with the door closed, they wasted no time in shedding all items of clothing on the way to his bedroom.
“What the fuck is that?” Sebastian asked pointing at the large purple bruise on Layla’s hip, concern clear in his eyes.
“I fell off the coffee table and banged my hip on the arm of the sofa on my way to the floor.” Layla answered, a little embarrassed at admitting what a clumsy drunk she could be.
“Shit that looks sore.” He said ever so gently running his fingertips around the edge of the bruise making Layla shudder with delight.
“I’ll just have to start by kissing it better.” Sebastian said, dropping to his knees and placing his soft lips on the injury just as gently as his fingers had touched it.
Within minutes, he had fulfilled his mission stated as Layla did indeed see stars as she came hard under the touch of his mouth and fingers.
The pair came up for air and a little sustenance a little while later, happily exhausted from a very intense round or two of love making. They had themselves a little sofa picnic. While they were eating, and before he let himself be totally side tracked by how sexy he found Layla wearing another of his t-shirts (and nothing else), he invited her to the family picnic.
“Hey sexy lady, can you keep the nineteenth free for me please?” Sebastian started.
“Sure, what are we doing?” Layla answered straight away, pleasing him with her lack of hesitation and her correct presumption.
“We are attending an obligatory BBQ celebration at the park for the Twins birthday.”
“I thought the girls were born in September?” she asked.
“Isla and Elianna are. I meant Matty and Livi.” He said with a smile. He liked that she remembered his nieces’ birth month.
“Sorry, I keep forgetting there are two sets of twins in your family.”
“Not a problem my sweet.” He couldn’t resist a quick kiss before continuing. “Everyone is looking forward to seeing you again. I’m surprised Livi hasn’t been in touch already. Mind you, I warned her I wanted to be the one to invite you.” Layla was touched that she had made such an impression on his family already.
“Everyone was so lovely at the anniversary party. I can’t wait to see them all again too. Shall I bring my camera?” she asked.
“I’d attempt to say ‘no’ but I don’t think you’d like it so yes, if you want to. But only because I know you love taking pictures and I will be limiting the amount so I don’t feel neglected.” As an afterthought he added, “Oh and Livi says bring your sister too. She wants some more females there to balance out all of the testosterone in our family.” He thought he saw a moments panic in her eyes. It flashed by, disappearing that quickly he couldn’t be too sure.
“In fact, you can pen me down for the whole of that weekend. I’m feeling like I will want to be greedy with you for the full forty-eight hours, especially because my family will try to hog you at the party and I won’t like that.” As he told her this, he crawled over to her like a cat stalking his prey. She giggled and succumbed easily to his predatory moves. All food was soon forgotten as they feasted on each other again.
~~~
Less than a week after their wonderful girls’ night in, Layla had an unexpected phone call from Jasmine. She could barely understand what her sister was saying through the sobbing but she caught the gist. After a quick call to her Pappy to confirm that that was where Jazzy was, she rushed off to comfort her very upset sister.
On arrival at her Grandparents house, she was let in by a worried Elsie.
“Hi Nan.” She greeted her with a hug and a kiss as always.
“Hello darling. Your sister turned up about an hour ago in tears. I think it’s man troubles again. She said she wanted you so I told her to call you and she has been outside on the swing waiting for you since.” Elsie told her as they walked through the house towards the back garden.
“I’ll leave you girls to it and make some snacks for when you’re ready.” And with that, Layla’s grandmother went back to her kitchen.
Layla watched Jasmine swing slowly in the old wooden set that their Dad had built into a large oak tree at the bottom of the garden. She looked so forlorn, such sadness in her usually vibrant blue eyes. The photographer in Layla captured a few beautiful images in her head and, if it wasn’t wholly inappropriate, she would’ve gotten her camera out. Instead, she joined Jasmine at the oak tree and sat on the matching swing. After a few minutes of silent swinging, Jasmine turned her tear stained face to look at Layla and began.
“Hey Sissy, sorry to be a major pain in the bum.” She sniffed and looked like she was still fighting to supress the water works. “I’m such a fool.” A ragged sigh came next before she launched into her tale.
“I went to surprise Leo at his shoot and found him shagging some skin and bones, duck face model.” Layla watched as anger flashed in her sisters eyes for a moment before the hurt filled them again.
“He wasn’t even sorry.” The tears spilled over then and ran down her cheeks, “The cheeky bastard just shrugged and carried on like I wasn’t even standing there!” Jasmine swiped at the fresh tracks and stilled her swing turning to face her sister.
“Why are men such a bunch of disappointments? I can see now why you went on strike from them for so long.” She sighed again. “I wish I was more like you.”
That little statement shocked the hell out of Layla, who had always believed her sister to be stronger, more beautiful and a better person than she was.
“What you want to be small, weak and fickle?” Layla asked, masking with a self-depreciating chuckle.
“Shut up, you’re one of the strongest people I know!” Jasmine berated her sister. “Yes your ‘travel-sized’ as you like to call it and a lot quieter than me and you do change your mind almost as often as your knickers…” she gave Layla a teary smile at that little point, “…But you are beautiful and strong enough not to get your heart broken time and again like me. You’ve always been fine with being single…” Layla barely stifled the scoff that was desperate to pop out at that little statement.
“… and I just can’t help but fall for all the crap I’m told by arrogant men to get what they want.”
“I’ve fallen for it all too, ya know.” Layla admitted. “It’s just that I get a lot less attention than my gorgeous little sister. I’m hardly beating them off with a stick like you do.” She bumped her swing into the side of Jasmine’s, causing them to sway a little.
“See, that’s another reason I know men are stupid. You should be getting more attention than me with that fabulous dark hair and unusual eyes. I got naturally mousy hair, which I hate and have to hilight to look half decent and plain blue eyes. Nothing special.”
God, her sister could be infuriating at times. Layla decided enough was enough.
“You have stunning blue eyes! I was so jealous when you got them I always wanted blue eyes, and hair I could go blonde with. I just ended up ginger the time I tried to go blonde, do you remember?” At Jasmine’s giggle, Layla figured she did.
“You got it all little Sister. The looks, the personality, the focus and drive. And more than enough strength to get you through anything.”
“I’ve always admired how strong you are, how you always know how to make someone feel better about themselves. I really couldn’t wish for a better big sister.” Jasmine told Layla, shocking her for the second time that afternoon.
Layla had never once thought Jasmine admired her or thought of her as a strong older sister. She always presumed she was just a quiet, annoying big sister who sometimes held her little sister back. So this was certainly a bit of an eye opener for her.
As the conversation continued, Layla decided it was about time she started acting like the big sister Jasmine was seeing and get a grip of her own insecurities. She would invite Jasmine to the BBQ and hope that it would not affect her relationship with Sebastian. After all, he could have his pick of the ladies and they had been together for over two months now.
“I have something that might cheer you up.” She told Jasmine.
“Oo, I like the sound of that already.”
“We’ve both been invited to a BBQ with Sebastian’s family; it’s on the nineteenth can you make it?”
“Hell yes.” Jasmine smiled her first real smile since Layla had arrived. “He’s got a bunch of sexy, single brothers hasn’t he?” Jasmine checked, her sexually active brain going into over drive. Layla couldn’t help but laugh.
“Yes, but don’t you think it might be wise to give the men a rest for a while; let your broken heart heal?”
Jasmine attempted a pout but she had to admit that the cycle she had been going through with men of late was getting tedious. Maybe her sister had a point and she had just been saying how she wished she could be more like Layla. Well now was as good a time as any to have a go at that. While Layla told her about the party details and what they would be bringing, Jasmine decided it was time to start slowing things down. If she found a man that she was attracted to, she remembered the hot brothers from the pictures Layla had shown her of the photo booth, yes that would be a good place to start testing her new philosophy.
The girls talked and swung a little while longer then made their way back to the house to over indulge in Nanny Elsie’s homemade baked goodies.
After gorging on goodies and having a good catch up with their Nan and Granddad, the pair decided to call in on their Mum and Dad too making an afternoon of visiting.
~~~
They found their mother in her home office sorting through fabric swatches for a new client. She had trained in interior design to compliment her husband’s building skills and show off the finished product in a more complete way. After her girls had started school, she created her own very successful business.
“What a fabulous surprise!” Daniella beamed with delight. “Both my girls here for a visit.” She discarded all work and came to give them both a large motherly hug.
“If you’re busy we can come back another time mum.” Layla told her.
“Pfft, the swatches can wait. I’d much rather catch up with my girls. Is it too early for a glass of wine?”
“It’s five o Clock somewhere.” Jasmine told her mother with a wink. “Let’s just start slowly. Dad can catch up when he gets in.”
The three women opened a bottle of white wine and caught each other up on the latest in each of their lives. Daniella was over the moon at Layla’s budding romance and the fact that Jasmine’s latest heart break was being used as a lesson on self-preservation. She loved both her daughters to pieces and was happy that they were each finding a balance. Usually, one wouldn’t take enough chances and the other took too many.
When the girls moved out, it had eased the heartbreak a little knowing they still had each other to lean on and get through any tough times. It was a mother’s duty to worry about her children no, matter what age they were at or where they lived.
George joined them around six o’clock and, after a shower and change out of his work clothes, he took them all out to dinner.
~~~
“Oh, he’s so handsome.” Daniella cooed at the picture Layla showed. George just rolled his eyes.
“Does he have a job? A stable income to keep my daughter in the life she is accustomed too.” He asked with a stern tone and a wink. It was Layla’s turn to roll her eyes.
“Actually Sebastian and his older brother Ethan run a very successful security business.” Layla answered proudly.
“Very well. I will reserve any further judgment until I’ve met the boy. You look happy though Layla.” He told her, giving her hand a little squeeze. “It’s nice to see you with a sparkle in your eyes.”
“Thanks Dad.” Layla said grinning like a Cheshire cat.
Talk progressed on to Jasmine’s up and coming shows and Layla’s prospering new business venture. Both George and Daniella were glowing with pride for their two beautiful girls by the time the evening was coming to an end.
The girls were dropped off home after having too much wine to drive themselves. Layla cursed herself for this as it meant she couldn’t go to see Sebastian who had, as usual, been texting her as they were apart. But then again, it was nice to be at home with her sister after such a lovely afternoon and evening together around family.
At home, the sisters enjoyed a cocktail with some of the leftovers from their night in and sat talking a little while longer before going to bed.
Layla was finding it more and more difficult to sleep alone in her own bed after spending so much time staying at Sebastian’s. She decided that a little late night, slightly tipsy phone call was in order to put her to sleep. The man was incessantly horny and the call came to a literal climax a little while later, allowing the parties on both ends to relax and sleep alone for the night. They looked forward to their next night alone to do together all the things that had been discussed that night on the phone.



Chapter twenty-one

The weekend of the barbeque soon came around. Jasmine’s car was in for a service so the she and Layla were travelling there together in Layla’s car, which Jasmine would be taking as she had a late afternoon shoot to get to so couldn’t stay too long.
As promised, Layla met Sebastian at his apartment after work on Friday. Together they called in at the local supermarket to buy buns and ingredients for a cheesecake.
“So this recipe is from your Nan?” Sebastian asked as he pushed the trolley up and down the aisles and Layla placed the necessary items inside.
“Yes and its delicious. Everybody loves my Nan’s home baking and boy does she love to feed people.” She answered with a fond smile. Sebastian loved it when Layla smiled. She had many different ones, all as beautiful as each other and each one special in its own way. He thought about the fact that he hadn’t given any other woman even a sideways glance since Layla had come into his life. And why would he want to? He was already lucky enough to be with the most beautiful girl in the world.
Sebastian pulled her into his arms and gave her a chaste kiss. It’s all he dared allow himself in this public place. They had been together over two months now and he was in a perpetual state of semi to full on hardness every moment they spent together. Thank god she was always more than eager to relieve him of his state whenever possible.
“I need to meet this lady.” He told her, very matter of factly making Layla chuckle.
“She would love you, with your cheeky smile and large appetite.” He flashed her one of those smiles right then, making her heart flutter.
“What’s not to love?” he shrugged and winked but there was no arrogance in it. Layla blushed and bit her lip in order to keep her mouth shut. It was getting harder and harder to not say those words to him. Each day they spent together was causing her to fall deeper and deeper. He wasn’t perfect. He had his occasional sulks and snored like a trooper on warm evenings but he seemed to be perfect for her.
Sebastian added more of the same items into the cart and Layla gave him a quizzical look.
“Just in case.” He answered her unasked question. Layla just went with it. No doubt he would break into the first one they made any how so it was probably wise to over stock on everything.
Back at his apartment, they made three cheesecakes together. Sebastian was delighted at being offered the bowl to lick and he happily cleared it ‘mmm-ing’ at each finger full. Layla watched as he sucked the cheese and cream mixture off his finger again and again. She found the sight turning her on as her imagination replaced his finger with her own and other parts of her body. Sebastian looked up from his creamy treasure and instantly noticed that look of lust in her hazel eyes.
He was glad that they had over stocked on all the ingredients and made a spare because, as predicted, one of the first ones didn’t survive the night. Sebastian couldn’t help but have a taste of the finished product and had eaten almost half of one after stripping Layla and placing numerous pieces on her body before devouring each and every bite.
He loved how responsive she was to his every touch, how she gave as much as she got in every sense. He was surprised his body was able to keep up with the demands they were putting on it but delighted that it did.
After a quick shower to wash away the sticky crumbs that lingered, they cleaned up the kitchen and took themselves to bed where Layla poured all the things she wouldn’t say into their second round of love making. A slow sensual tempo was reached and enjoyed by both parties until they came together. Layla felt like she was shattering and leaving many pieces of herself within Sebastian as they gathered themselves.
“That was amazing.” Sebastian commented, holding Layla close still. Sex with her was always amazing but there had been something indescribably different about this last time. She was taking pieces of his heart every day and that love making had, quite possibly, just handed her the last piece on a silver platter. Wrapped up in each other, they fell asleep and didn’t stir until Layla’s alarm chirped early the next morning.
~~~
After breakfast, Sebastian said a somewhat reluctant goodbye to his girl.
“Aw don’t sulk baby. You’ll have me back again in a few hours.” Layla told him while she ruffled his hair. It only added to his sex appeal she realised, giving him a ‘just-fucked’ look and causing her to kiss him thoroughly one more time before she left.
“You know you just made it worse.” Sebastian gave a grin and dropped his vision to his now bulging crotch. When it reached back up to Layla’s face, she was biting her lip with indecision clear in her eyes. Unfortunately, with a shake of her head that war was lost.
“Sorry babe, as tempting as that is…” she gave his hard member a loving squeeze and felt it throb. “… It will just have to be a little patient and I promise I will make it up to you later.” Sebastian groaned his disapproval.
“Promise?” he asked. Layla cupped his face in both her hands and looked straight into his eyes.
“I solemnly swear that I will be up to no good or all good things with you later.” She promised and sealed the deal with one more sweet little kiss, leaving him smiling from the jazzed up Harry Potter quote from one of her t-shirts and the sweetness that he loved so much. Before she left, she popped her head back through the front door.
“And there best be two whole cheesecakes when we get there this afternoon.” She waggled one little finger in his direction then blew him a kiss before disappearing.
Ah, she knew him so well.
Sebastian and his large smile packed up his and Layla’s contributions towards the picnic and departed for his parent’s house to see if they needed any more help with anything before they all gathered at the park.
Layla got home and found Jasmine had already baked some cookies and was now skewering some large chunks of marinated chicken and vegetables for barbequing. She wrapped them and placed them in a cooler greeting her sister happily.
“I’m really looking forward to today. Thanks for inviting me Layla.” She told her sister.
“No problem Jazzy.” Layla replied, her inner cynic giving a yet in the back ground. Layla ignored it, determined to think positively.
The sisters took turns showering and readying themselves for the afternoon. It was a warm day but a little over cast. The weather man had said the rain wasn’t due till the evening set in. Layla hoped he was right. She grabbed her smaller Canon camera, while gathering the cooler and bags to take to the park with them. The girls went down to her car to get the afternoon under way.
As the journey progressed, Layla grew more and more nervous she was losing her grip on the positivity that she had surrounded herself with in the last few days. Her giddy sister sat next to her, seemingly oblivious to Layla’s struggle and she was glad about that.
After finding a parking space, they loaded themselves up and made their way through the park to the picnic area that Sebastian had said the congregation would be. Winding their way down the pathway, they heard the party before they came into sight.
Sebastian’s Dad was busy setting up quite a few throwaway barbeque sets on a metal table. His Mum was busy at another foldaway table setting out numerous other dishes surrounded by her children, all smiling brightly and adding sunshine to the overcast afternoon. Layla swallowed her nerves and worries one last time, determined to enjoy herself. Jasmine bumped her shoulder.
“This looks like it’s going to be fun.” She said grinning. “They look like my kind of loud.”
Butterflies took flight in Layla’s stomach as she caught sight of Sebastian’s back. His broad shoulders and arms outstretched looking like he was protecting something on the table from his surrounding siblings. Layla wondered if it was the cheesecakes.
As if he could sense her presence, Sebastian turned and locked gazes with her. His already broad smile cranked up a few notches as they held each other’s eyes. The butterflies had made their way straight to Layla’s heart, which was now fluttering away inside her chest, and literally making it difficult to breath. Her sister’s voice seemed to come from far away as she watched Sebastian walk towards them.
“Wow! I wish somebody would look at me that way.” Lowering her voice, she leaned over a little and added, “You did good Sissy. I knew you had it in you.”
“Hey Beautiful.” Sebastian said as he came to a halt in front of the girls. His gaze hadn’t once wandered to her sister. He leaned down and gave her a quick kiss that told her he had missed her.
“So you’re the man who’s stolen my sister.” Jasmine cut into their moment.
“I sure am!” Sebastian said with a proud smile. “It’s nice to meet you Jasmine.” He stretched out a hand which Jasmine readily shook.
“You too, finally.” She said with a chuckle. “I can see why Layla wants to hog you though. So, who’s who here?” Jasmine asked, noticing the crowd all headed their way.
Sebastian took the bags out of Layla’s left hand, transferring them to his own and then laced the fingers of his free hand through hers. He leaned down and whispered,
“I see what you mean about the confidence.” Layla looked up, half expecting him to have eyes still on her sister and was very pleasantly surprised when she met his vibrant blue eyes. She smiled and nodded as he gave her outfit a quick perusal. She wore an orange maxi skirt with a white sleeveless t-shirt, a colourful meadow scene on the front.
“You look gorgeous as always.” He gave her hand a gentle squeeze as they met up with everyone else.
Elizabeth and Oliver greeted her warmly with welcoming hugs which they also extended towards Jasmine.
“Oh how wonderful, the more the merrier.” Elizabeth exclaimed, seconded by her husband. Next to Layla, Jasmine was happily introducing herself to everybody. She was quite at ease with all these wonderful people already. Livi cut through a few people and headed towards them, a mock-pout on her face.
“I don’t know. It’s our birthday...” she said, pointing at her twin brother who was shaking Jasmines hand. “...and you two get a better welcome than us.” She then pushed Sebastian aside as she gave first Layla then Jasmine a hug.
Within minutes, the family had made the sisters feel very welcomed and together they all returned to the tables to finish setting up. Layla was pleased to see that both of their cheesecakes had made it intact.
“My dad can’t wait to taste these.” Sebastian told her. “Mum nearly had to put him on a time out to keep his fingers out of them.” He said with a laugh. All the men, except Sebastian, had returned to the barbeque table to assist Oliver. Jasmine took over her chicken kebabs and was thanked for her contribution and even allowed to assist. Layla watched as her sister laughed and joked along with the Rhodes men, happy that Sebastian had yet to leave her side.
“Has Charlie not arrived yet? I thought this was an ‘obligatory’ gathering?” she asked.
“Oh it is, but while he’s in another country there’s not much that can be done.”
“That’s right, he’s started his new job now. How’s your mum holding up?”
“She’s worried sick about him. For her it’s been a long two months, but he’s checking in regularly on Skype and he’s due home next week.” Sebastian explained.
Layla happily watched as everyone began enjoying themselves and was unable to resist taking some photographs. Laughter plentiful as was the food. Sophia arrived as the hot food was being served up and was welcomed like herself and Jasmine had been. Layla noticed how Ethan and Sophia were giving each other a wide berth and wondered what had happened since the party. There was something very intriguing about those two.
After most people had had their fill of food- a couple of the men seemed to be bottomless pits- Isla and Elianna happily posed for Layla before stealing their uncles away for a game of football. It was the first time Sebastian had left her side all afternoon and Layla felt ridiculous as the loss of contact affected her.
Ari and Sophia soon came to her rescue while Jasmine was busy chatting with Elizabeth.
“I didn’t think Bas was ever going to leave your side.” Ari said with a smile. Layla just blushed a little embarrassed.
“Aw look at her blushing. It’s cute watching you two together. And Bas is so much easier to deal with in work. All the sex must be chilling him out.” Sophia added and laughed as Layla’s cheeks went from a pleasant pink to deep red.
“Eww, I don’t need to know about my brother-in-laws sexual activities.” Ari commented.
“He doesn’t talk about it. I’m close to the brothers but not that close.” Layla was so tempted to ask exactly how close she was to Ethan. Thankfully, Ari cut in before she got a chance.
“He is a lot more relaxed than usual. Love obviously agrees with him.” Ari innocently stated. Layla’s eyes almost popped out of her head at that point.
“Don’t tell me he hasn’t told you yet?” she asked. Layla had to swallow a couple of times to get her heart out of her throat and back to its rightful place before she could even attempt a response.
“Has he told you that?”
“God no. Sorry, I just assumed that you had both told each other by now. It’s kind of obvious that you’re both head-over-heels about each other.” Ari answered. Sophia watched Layla’s face with its whirlwind of emotions.
“And this is why I stay away from relationships and ‘love’.” She air quoted the last word and shrugged nonchalantly at the shocked looks from the other women. “What? I watched my mother get cut up over and over from her so-called ‘loving relationships’,” she air quoted again, “and it’s not something that looks even remotely pleasing to me.”
“I couldn’t imagine my world without Daniel and the girls.” Ari said, glancing over to her beautiful family.
“Ahh, you’re one of the lucky ones.” Sophia stated. “These boys are good catches ‘cause they actually put into place the good example of their parents. I bet your mum and dad would still be happily married if he was still with us?” Ari nodded as tears filled her eyes at a memory of her mum and dad happy together. She still missed him so much, seven years later.
“Sorry honey, I didn’t mean to upset you.” Sophia said. Ari just gave the ‘don’t-be-silly’ hand gesture as she blinked back the tears.
“And I bet your mum and dad are still together too.” Sophia looked straight at Layla, hoping that neither of her parents had died. 
“Yes they are.” Layla confirmed. 
“You see, good examples have been set for both of you and as you found good men all will be grand.” Sophia smiled. “Me on the other hand…” her face took on a rather serious and slightly solemn look, “… I refuse to let myself turn out just like my mother. I am happy enough to be single and indulge in the best the man can offer…” she paused a moment, almost laughing at the slightly puzzled faces looking at her, “…A good horizontal time, or vertical. Either works for me.” She grinned a devilish grin, eliciting laughter from the shocked women in front of her.
“Oh Sophe, you are funny. But you should give love a chance. You don’t realise what your missing out on.” Arianna advised her. Layla was suffering a bout of lack-of-filter as she blurted out,
“Yeah and one of those good men can’t seem to take his eyes off you.” She used her eyes to point in Ethan’s general direction before all three women looked over to him. He quickly looked away and resumed filling his plate for the third time that afternoon.
Sophia shook her head.
“Nope. I mean don’t get me wrong, I’d climb that like a monkey but not for the purpose of ‘love’ or any of that kind of nonsense.” She chided herself for letting even that slip from her mouth but she knew Ari wouldn’t say a word and hoped Layla was just as trustworthy. Unable to cope with any more of that conversation, she excused herself and made her way over to Olivia.
Ari watched as Sophia went and told Layla, “She’s in for a shock soon. There’s only so long you can fight these things.” She gave a knowing wink. “Sometimes it’s just already decided.” Something about the way she said it made Layla think that Ari really did know what would happen between those two, but that was impossible really, so she shook it off as they were joined by Jasmine.
“So Nan’s cheesecake was a total hit. I didn’t even get a piece myself.” Jasmine sulked. “Good thing Elizabeth makes a mean trifle.” She said rubbing her non-existent stomach. “I should go run around with the kids and the men to burn some of these calories off.” And with that she was off again.
“You two are a little like chalk and cheese.” Ari commented.
“Yeah she’s gorgeous, tall and active and I’m…. not.”
Arianna responded with a light smack to Layla’s upper arm and a stern look.
“No! I meant you are so much more reserved at first. You would think Jasmine had known everybody for years.”
“Tell me about it. She is just so at ease with people. It’s no wonder she has always had so much more attention than me.”
“Well, you have your man now.” Ari said, a large smile on her face as she looked over Layla’s shoulder. Said man and her own husband were approaching.
Sebastian’s arms wound around Layla’s middle unexpectedly, making her start. He soothed her, kissing her neck then cheek till she turned and they found each other’s lips.
“We’ve been ordered to come and get Mummy and Aunty Layla to play.” Daniel told them. Layla smiled brightly at the first ever time she had been called somebody’s aunt and happily walked hand in hand with uncle Bas to play with the group.
They kicked the football around a little longer before wanting to play with the plastic pins and bowling ball set the Twins had brought. So while the men with Jasmine, Sophia and Olivia carried on with Football, Elizabeth joined the other girls for some five-pin bowling. About ten minutes later, Arianna paused mid throw and stood smiling. Elizabeth went on high alert.
“What is it Ari?” she smiled wide too.
“Keep watching that path.” Ari said pointing to the pathway they had walked along to get to this part of the park. Elizabeth quickly turned and Layla found herself too intrigued not to follow suit. Within a minute or two a tall, broad figure walked around the bend towards them. Elizabeth gasped and squinted her eyes trying in vain to increase her vision.
“Oh my gosh. He made it!” she shouted causing everyone else to pause what they were doing and look over. Elizabeth took off at a fast pace shouting over her shoulder,
“Ollie look, Charlie’s here!” Layla watched as mother and son reached each other and a mammoth hug was given on both sides.



Chapter twenty-two

Charlie made his way around his family members. He was glad to be home from his first round on the Close Protection circuit. The noise levels had reached epic proportions on his arrival, garnering quite a few looks from nearby groups of people. He had soon filled a plate of food and devoured it before going over to talk to Jasmine and Matty, who she had spent a lot of the afternoon with.
Layla made her way over to her sister. She had hardly seen her most of the afternoon. Jasmine mixed so easily with everyone she didn’t feel guilty but felt the need to see how she was.
Jasmine, of course, was doing great. Matthew and Charlie had made her feel more than welcome along with everyone else and she had gotten along fabulously with all the women too. She said her ‘good-byes’ around four o’clock, much to everyone's disappointment. Layla and Sebastian walked her back to the car park and picked up an extra blanket from Sebastian’s car to take back.
When they returned to the picnic area, the family had lots of pleasant things to say about Jasmine and were sorry that she couldn’t stay longer. It was all to be expected, Layla knew her sister was fabulous and it warmed her heart to hear all the nice things said about her. She was even surprised that she didn’t feel like she was coming in second place to her sister like she had so many times over the years. She always tried to stay visible after the bright light that was her little sister.
It seemed to Layla that the positive thinking had paid off and the afternoon was a complete success. Sebastian had been welcoming towards Jasmine but had hardly left her side. She had been his number one priority for the entire afternoon, well other than when the twin girls had wanted him.
The little ones were getting tired so Sebastian laid down a blanket. Oliver brought his granddaughters over to sit down with their Tinkerbell back-pack full of toys and books.
After a couple of stories read by Granddad and Uncle Bas, the twins drifted off to sleep on the knees of their storytellers. As they were alone and mostly out of earshot, Oliver asked his son,
“Things going well, son, between you and your girl?”
“They sure are Dad.” He answered with a smile.
“You love her.” Sebastian wasn’t sure if it was a question or not but answered anyway. 
“Yeah, I think I do.”
“Think?” Oliver scoffed gently as he stroked the blonde curls of Isla. “If it’s right, it’s right son. There should be no thinking about it.”
“Okay, okay.” Sebastian relented. “I know I do Dad. I have for a while.” He found it felt good to say the words out loud.
“I know. It’s obvious to anyone who sees the two of you together the way you feel about each other. Have you told her?”
“Not yet.” Sebastian couldn’t meet his dad’s eyes as he admitted this. “I’m afraid it’s a bit soon for that and I don’t want to scare her off.” Again Oliver scoffed.
“I didn’t raise any cowards son. Time is of no importance where love is concerned. I knew from the first moment I laid eyes on your mother that she was the only girl for me and I told her I loved her on our third date, two weeks later.” Sebastian was always in awe of his mum and dad’s love.
“You two are a hard act to follow. But you’re right I wasn’t raised to be a coward and it’s not even that I wasn’t looking or really even ready for all of this…” Sebastian trailed off unsure of his point. “Looks like I’m just going to have to suck it up and get brave then, eh Pops.”
“That’s the spirit lad.” Oliver said with a proud look. “You have to be strong and brave when it comes to the love of a good woman, willing to risk it all for a chance with her. The right one will always be worth it.”
Sebastian took his father’s words in. The man had been happily married for thirty-five years so he obviously knew a thing or two.
“How do I know if she’s the right one?” he asked.
“You already know she is or we wouldn’t be having this little chat.” Oliver cuddled his granddaughter closer, feeling proud to be surrounded by his wonderful family and knowing that his son was the type of man to do right by a lovely lady. From what he had seen of her and the change he had seen in Sebastian since they had been together, Layla was definitely a good girl.
Daniel and Arianna gathered their things and took the girls home to bed not long after. The rest of the guests gathered around on the few blankets, happily chatting and still picking at the bits of food that had been left. Layla took a few more pictures before settling down in Sebastian’s lap, leaving her camera at the side.
She watched as conversations crossed over each other, laughter spilled forth and love was apparent all around this family. She thought again that it made it seem like the sun was shining even though the cloud cover hadn’t ceased all afternoon.
No one seemed to notice as the sky darkened around them until the first fat rain drops began to fall. There was an influx of movement as the group worked as a team to pack up in record time. Sebastian scooped up the blankets that everyone had been sitting on moments before, while a roll of bin bags appeared and Olivia and Matthew filled them with all the rubbish. The barbeques were all doused by Oliver, with what had been ice cubes and now was just a cooler full of water. They were added to the piles of filled bags of rubbish. Layla wrapped the few items of food that were left and salvageable, placing them in the now empty cooler. Elizabeth took down the fold away tables. When the majority had been sorted, packed or bagged, most of the family members began making their way towards the car park and the shelter of their vehicles.
After doing one last sweep of the area and finding a couple of the girl’s small toys and a few errant cans, Sebastian and Layla made their way back towards his car with their bags of blankets and rubbish. Both were soaked, their clothes stuck like a second skin. Layla’s underwear was clearly visible through the thin cotton. Sebastian filled his boot with what they carried and couldn’t resist pinning a very wet Layla against the side of his car and kissing her to distraction in the now deserted car park. The rain still fell and made everything so much more slick as they ran their hands all over each other.
“The things you do to me.” Sebastian said after managing to pull away for a moment. His forehead still leaning on hers, and his beautiful blue eyes bored into her hazel ones, his breathing was shallow. He could make the world around them fizzle away when he looked at her like that.
“Take me home and make love to me.” She said on a whisper. The rain had soaked her outer self while that kiss had left her drenched in other places.
“If there wasn’t a chance we could get arrested, I wouldn’t even wait till we got home. But, as I don’t want to get you into trouble or make you ill, let’s get going.” He replied, adjusting his junk in his soaked shorts and applying a little patience.
~~~
Again, the love making took on a deeper meaning. Even with the shower involved. It took all of Sebastian’s will not to tell Layla how he felt about her. He knew it would be a mistake to say those words for the first time during or after sex. He would say it in a way that she knew he loved everything about her and not just the fantastic way in which they connected intimately.
~~~
The week began pleasantly but soon turned manic with Layla working almost constantly. The trickle of shoots coming in was turning into a steady flow. Then with editing time and shifts at the bistro she felt like she was working twenty-four-seven. She had felt bad sitting up late at Sebastian’s place and when she had finally taken herself to bed after 1am, he instantly rolled over with a very sleepy ‘At last.’, making her feel worse. For the next few nights, she stayed at her own place hoping to get enough work completed to get back on top and also let Gio know that she would be cutting back on shifts again. If her new client list kept growing as it was, she would soon be handing in her notice. It was a scary and, at the same time, thrilling thought.
Everything seemed to be falling into place in her life. She was abundantly happy, work was exhausting her but that wouldn’t be forever. Soon, she would just be a successful business woman and not a waitress on the side.
Her love life was beyond comparison with anything that had happened to her previously. Sebastian hadn’t looked at her sister as anything other than her sister. She was in new territory every day and absolutely loving it. Even the cynic in her head had shut up shop and taken a well-earned holiday.
Friday was her last shift in the bistro for the week and she had only one shoot scheduled over the weekend. She planned on making up for lost time with her man for most of the weekend but first she had to get through this early evening shift. With that thought in mind, she hung her jacket, donned her apron and got to it.
~~~
Charlie had turned up at Base Security offices just before close of business for the day and practically dragged Ethan and Sebastian out of the doors. Sebastian had allowed himself one pint before they ate as he had no intentions of staying out all night with his brothers. Neither one of them could provide what he had been missing for most of the week. It hadn’t helped yesterday, finding her camera wrapped in the blankets from the weekends park picnic in the boot of his car while making room for some supplies Ethan had asked for while working on a new security system for a local jewellery store.
Sophia had been complaining about the ‘bear-with-a-sore-head’ syndrome that had been walking around the office all week. While mostly ignoring his brother’s chit-chat Sebastian began to devise a plan of action to minimise any more ‘BWASH’ occurrences. Even he found he was beginning to get on his own nerves like this and something needed to be done about it.
Reality cut back in as Charlie slapped him on the back. Sebastian missed the comment that came with it and was glad. It probably wasn’t very encouraging knowing his older brother.
“Listen, as riveting as you two are, I’m out of here.” Sebastian began, fully prepared for the battle of wits that would grant him his freedom.
“Look at him,” Charlie said, eyeing him with mock disdain, “only two months in and he’s already whipped and under the thumb.”
Ethan just laughed. After the mood Bas had been in most of the week, he knew not to join in with Charlie’s ribbing of their brother.
“I’m neither of those things, but I’d rather be ‘under’ my woman than sitting here with you two rejects.” He countered and departed quickly before he could be drawn back in and flipping his brothers an unfavourable finger in the wake of their laughter.
Sebastian drove straight to Layla’s apartment. He wasn’t going to wait for her to come to him this time. The words of his father ran on a loop through his head. ‘Be strong and brave for the love of a good woman.’ Well, he was both of those things and he was taking the bull by the horns and the woman of his dreams.
As he sat in traffic coming out of the city centre, he cursed anything and everything. His car crawled slowly, oh so slowly, through each set of traffic lights. He had the power in his car to get there faster than he should and it seemed everyone in the city was going his way. The traffic light operators were having fun at his expense as lights were green for a fraction of a minute and red seemed to dominate his vision.
It gave him time to think though, between the red lights and a slight red haze. He wasn’t wasting any more time. He was going to declare his feelings for this wonderful woman. He couldn’t believe he hadn’t already. What a fool he had been. If things went according to plan, he was going shopping next week for something beautiful and sparkly, just like his woman. His dad was right. Time had no real significance in this matter. He loved Layla with all of his heart and soul and that wasn’t going to change. He felt an indescribable need to make sure that not only Layla knew that, but the world did too. He didn’t bother with a text to let her know he was coming, thinking it would be a nice surprise instead.
~~~
Layla was bone tired. Not only had it been an exhausting week so far, this shift alone would drain even Jasmine of her very soul. Customers had been picky, obnoxious and some were downright rude. She missed Sebastian like she hadn’t seen him for weeks, not just the few days they had been apart. With her only shoot of the weekend scheduled for first thing in the morning, it would be a little longer until she could get the hug and kiss that she so desperately craved from her man.
Steeling her spine and ignoring the throbbing in her feet, Layla glanced at her watch. She had just over an hour until she finished. She would hopefully find a nice text waiting for her when she finished then once she had gotten home and thoroughly showered this shift off of her skin and out of her hair, she was going to curl up on her bed enjoy the sound of her boyfriend’s soothingly deep voice before the exhaustion took her. Then it would be tomorrow and she would be so much closer to being back in his strong arms.
It wasn’t meant to be. An hour after her shift had officially ‘finished’, she was standing behind the bar at Di Novi’s serving drinks while Gio rang around trying to find someone to take over for the night. He was grateful that Layla was so accommodating and would always help till cover arrived; he also knew that she was beyond tired and desperately needed to get home. Thankfully Kelly, one of his irregular bar staff, was free on this Friday night and was on her way in to relieve Layla of her position.
~~~
At last, Sebastian thought, as he got further out of the city centre and the fates allowed people to travel in different directions to himself. The traffic dispersed and the roads opened up. Sebastian’s stress levels dramatically reduced. His Audi ate up the last few miles and finally he pulled onto Layla’s street. Taking the first available parking space and grabbing her camera from the boot of his car, he almost skipped his way over to the buildings door knowing he was minutes away from kissing his girl.
He gave the bell a slightly longer than necessary ring, finding that his impatience was still at a precarious state. No voice came through the intercom but the main door buzzed open. Not one to look a gift horse in the mouth Sebastian pushed his way through, eliminating the lift and taking the stairs two at a time to the second floor apartment.
He didn’t even bother taking a moment to get his breath back before knocking on the door. Fortunately there was a minute or so before it was opened. Sebastian’s breathing had returned to normal and he had adopted a cheeky little pose, hanging the Canon camera from his fingers draped in the door way. Before the door had opened fully he said,
“Well hello beautiful. You left this in my car so I thought I would return it. We could put it to some use while I show you just how much I have missed you these past few days.”
“Hello to you too. But, I don’t think my sister would be very pleased if I took you up on that offer, as tempting as it is.” Jasmine waggled her eyebrows and laughed at the shocked and disappointed face of her sister’s boyfriend.
“She’s not home from work yet, but come on in. She should’ve been home a while ago, so shouldn’t be too much longer.”
~~~



Chapter twenty-three

Breathing a huge sigh of relief, Layla left the bistro. She got into her car and checked her phone before she set off. Highly disappointed that there was no message waiting for her from Sebastian, it wasn’t like him. But, she was too tired to think more on it. She just needed to get home to her bed.
Traffic was light and she was soon pulling into her street and what a welcome sight home was. If she allowed herself to feel, she would probably just collapse right here in the car. Instead, she opened the door and swung her tired legs out, ignoring the pounding in her feet and head. All she had to do was make it a little further into her building and into her bed.
Slipping quietly into her apartment, she could hear muffled conversation from inside. Torn between politeness and exhaustion, she made her way towards the living room when the deep melodic tones that she knew so well registered in her fatigued brain and caused her to halt in her tracks.
It couldn’t be, could it?
A quick peek around the corner confirmed her suspicions as she saw her boyfriend sat closer than necessary to her sister almost whispering. Her heart began thumping hard inside her chest, her stomach tried to crawl up out of her throat, then her sister spoke.
“I don’t really like keeping things from my sister, but this is so worth it…”
Whatever was said next was lost on Layla. The fast beating of her heart had pumped all the blood to her ears and caused her a momentary deafness before it seemed to stop beating altogether, solidified and shattered into a million shards. Her stomach stopped its crawling and fell rapidly to her knees. Those knees almost buckled but somehow they managed to hold steady as she pivoted on the spot and made her way quickly and silently to the safety of her bedroom.
Once inside, she closed the door and sunk to the floor behind it. She was finally grateful for the mind numbing exhaustion that this busy week had caused her. She embraced it as she tried in vain to push that image and those words out of her mind.
How could she have been so foolish to hope that he was different from any other man? They all seemed to fall for Jasmine’s more obvious charms in the end.
Oh god. She was so stupid to think that positive thoughts and hope would make things any different this time. A part of her had always known that he was just too much of everything for her to keep for very long, no matter how much she had wanted it.
She banged her head on the wood behind her. Pain laced its way throughout it from the contact and its apparent shut down. Her inner cynic quietly brushed up all the pieces of her broken heart as Layla worked hard to shut down the rest of her emotions. She locked away the all-consuming love she had allowed herself to have for that man, locked it up tight and threw away the key. Never again! She promised herself. She knew this was going to hurt so bad just as soon as she allowed herself to feel anything again. But not right now, not tonight.
She had no choice but to pick herself up off the floor and crawl over to her bed. She had just made it there and pulled the covers up over her still fully clothed body to her chin when a light knock sounded at her door.
“Hey Sissy, are you in there?”
She swallowed down the bile from the sound of her sister’s voice, struggling to answer. A croaky, “Yes” was all she could manage in response.
“Are you okay?” Jasmine enquired. “Bas is here for you. He wanted to surprise you and bring your camera back.” She almost wanted to laugh at the first comment and her sister’s familiar use of his shortened name but wasn’t sure the contents of her stomach would stay inside her if she did.
He had indeed succeeded in surprising her tonight. Although, why it had come as such an almighty shock was now beyond her. She should’ve never imagined any other outcome for this situation. She needed to get rid of them and fast.
“I’ve had an awful shift. I’ve got an epic migraine and I think I might vomit.” Please let that be enough for them both to leave me be! She chanted to herself over and over.
“Babe, let me in.” Sebastian’s deep voice came through the door next. The butterflies were oblivious to the events of the last few minutes as they fluttered about inside her, but the acid in her stomach soon massacred them pests.
“Let me look after you.” Oh god, she really was going to vomit. With no luxury of an en-suit bathroom she was going to have to make a run for it.
Layla burst out of her room, only just making it to the toilet in time for the measly contents of her stomach to come lurching out. She could feel the presence of bodies somewhere behind as she heaved over and over. She could hear Jasmine persuading Sebastian to leave, that she would look after her sister and keep him informed of how she was. Layla blocked them out. As Jasmine saw Sebastian to the front door she managed to make it to the bathroom door, shutting and locking herself in there.
She quickly stripped and switched on the shower, sitting in the bath as the water sprayed down over her she could no longer hold it all in. Her tears fell and disappeared into the warm water that soaked her. Biting her lip, she sobbed silently until her body could take no more and the spray of water no longer had any soothing qualities. Then wrapping herself in a large towel and another for her hair, she made her way back to her bedroom finding Jasmine sat on the edge of her bed a worried look on her face.
“You look like shit.” Jasmine said, stating the obvious.
“I just need to go to sleep now, Jazzy. I’ve had the worst day.”
“Okay, but I’ll be bringing you a cup of tea, some water and tablets just in case.”
Layla blasted her wet hair mostly dry before climbing into bed. Jasmine, true to her word, returned a few minutes later with supplies for Layla and had added a piece of buttery toast to the mix.
“I thought you might need that too.” She said and gave Layla a kiss on the forehead, “I hope you feel better soon, Sissy.” And much to Layla’s relief, she left the room. Layla took a bite of the toast but it was like swallowing a stone so she left that. She forced herself to drink the milky tea, knowing her stomach could do with something in there.
Somewhere inside her sore brain a sensible part lived on and she took the tablets Jasmine had left before settling under her quilt. She prayed that the exhaustion would take her and when she woke this would all just be a bad dream.
Instead, the bad dreams plagued her through the night. Visions of Jasmine and Sebastian in various places and positions, flaunting themselves over and over. Sleep had brought no rest. She woke tangled in the sheets, her muscles sore, her head still pounded and all the pieces of her heart heavy in her chest.
From somewhere in her room, her phone chimed alerting her that a text had come through. Layla groaned, not ready to face the day. A few minutes later it went off again, accompanied by the alarm that signalled she really did have to get out of bed and face the world. She ran her hands over her face and remained where she was for another few minutes, not even having the strength to pep talk herself up for the day. When she finally sat up, she noticed the glass of orange and couple of tablets on her nightstand.
Her sister. Her best friend, looking after her as she always did. They were a team and she loved her but Layla was tired of feeling second best. Being cast aside in favour of her little sister. She needed some space, some time to figure out how to deal with the events of last night and how to avoid them happening again.
Picking up her phone was her first mistake of the day. Three messages from Sebastian. The first hoping she feels better soon and he misses her; the second, missing her more and to get in touch when she wakes; the third, hoping she felt better today and confirming that he would be seeing her later and again missing her more than words could say. How could he sit there in some sort of cahoots with her sister one minute and then be missing her the next? Arrrggghh, she groaned. Men and relationships just were not worth the hassle after all.
Layla threw her phone and unanswered messages onto her bed and went to pick a comfortable outfit for her day. Passing her mirror, she hardly recognised her reflection. Her hair was a frizzy mess, her eyes were red and swollen, her complexion pale and sallow. She really should’ve gotten up earlier to deal with this mess. A fresh shower and some make-up was going to be needed to make her look like a human being and not the zombie she felt like- and actually looked like- at this moment in time.
~~~
At last! Sebastian thought as his phone finally made some noise. He didn’t even bother checking who the caller was just sliding his finger across the touch screen to answer the call.
“Hey-” he was instantly cut off by an extremely irate Arianna.
“What have you done?” Something was very wrong. His sister-in-law was never this curt or irate.
“What? Me? I haven’t done anything.”
“Then I don’t understand it?” she answered on a blown out breath. “So everything is alright with you and Layla?”
“Yes, why would it not be?” he asked, becoming more confused by the minute. “Unless… Have you spoken to her this morning?” He couldn’t keep the disappointment from his voice.
“No, why do you sound so down? I thought you hadn’t done anything?” Ari continued questioning him.
“Jesus Ari. It’s first thing on a Saturday morning. What is all this? I am supposed to be seeing Layla later today after she finishes her shoot. If she’s not still ill, that is.”
“So you didn’t see her last night?” Ari asked, the beginnings of relief washing over her.
“I did.” The relief was short lived.
“Just tell me what happened.”
“I missed her. I’d hardly seen her all week, so I decided to go ‘round to her place last night, y’know surprise her and drop off the camera she left in my car. But, she wasn’t home from work yet. Jasmine let me in to wait for her and-” again he was cut off.
“Goddamn! Men are so stupid sometimes.” He was beginning to wonder if this was Arianna or someone impersonating her and playing a very bad joke on him.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“Just tell me what happened last night.” She asked again with more annoyance in her tone.
“Fine. As I was saying, Jasmine let me in to wait for her. She said Layla was already late, so was due home any minute. We sat down and started chatting. I asked her advice on some personal things to do with Layla and I. Everything was fine, we didn’t even hear Layla come in but she must’ve because she was in her room.” He heard a groan of frustration or maybe despair, but continued on. “So Jasmine went to see if she was okay. Layla said she had a migraine and was going to be sick, then she came barrelling out of the room and threw up in the bathroom. Jasmine persuaded me to leave and let her look after Layla and would keep me updated…” he trailed off as neither of the girls had been in touch since last night. He’d had one message from Jasmine to inform him that after a long shower Layla had taken herself to bed.
“I haven’t heard from Jasmine since last night and Layla hasn’t been in touch at all yet, which isn’t like her… What do you know?” he asked. If something was wrong, which he felt more now than before she had called, Ari could help.
“I know,” Ari began, “…that you didn’t mean it, but Bas I think you might have messed up big-time.”
“What? No! How?” He was as good as speechless.
“It’s not my place to say… And hopefully I’m wrong.” She wasn’t usually, Sebastian thought. “Just give her a little time. Hopefully it will all be okay.” She didn’t sound convincing and that worried him, a lot.
“Oh no! You can’t say all that and not give me some sort of explanation!” he ordered but to no avail. He could hear the twins in the background, their volume was increasing and he knew he was going to be left hanging.
“I’m sorry Bas. Like I said, it’s not my place to tell you…” There was an almighty crash and the sound of crying, like it was in the same room as him, not in a house miles away. “Look I have to go, I’ll call you tomorrow.” And the call was cut off. He just about controlled the urge to throw the device clear across the room.
What the fuck had happened? How had he inadvertently managed to mess anything up? All he had done was try to surprise his girlfriend and have a conversation with her sister while waiting for her to come home.
He checked the phone one more time. Nope, still no reply from Layla. Maybe she was still ill and in bed? Maybe he would call Jasmine to see how she was, if she was too ill to respond to him herself? Yes, that’s what he needed. A proactive approach. That’s what he would do if he hadn’t heard from her in the next hour. He was really beginning to worry now.
Half an hour later, he called Jasmine. It did not go as he expected. She had informed him that Layla had gotten up and rushed off to her shoot, still looking rather ill. Jasmine was a little worried herself as Layla had looked like ‘death warmed up’ according to her. Before any more frustration made itself at home, he changed into his running gear and hit the pavement. Praying that he would return to a reply, a text, a missed call, just something so he knew she was okay. They were okay.
~~~
Layla had managed to get through her first day of heartbreak. Her shoot had been a very welcome distraction. A couple with two kids and a dog had all braved the warm weather in matching Christmas jumpers to have a head start on that season and what would be personalised cards ready to go when the cold really did set in. Layla had posed them in front of a snow white backdrop with some strategically hung red and green tinsel and a Christmas wreath she had pinched from her mum.
Her phone had chimed in the car on her way home. It was another text from Sebastian, sounding really rather worried. Would she ever understand men? She sent off a quick reply telling him she had made her shoot but was still feeling under the weather so was going straight home to bed.
He, of course, replied asking if she needed someone to help keep the chills away and look after her. She politely declined, saying she didn’t want to infect him with her germs and she would see him soon.
That was the worst part. She knew she would have to see him soon. It was going to break her heart all over again when the time came to be face to face and call it a day. But she would have to. She had promised herself a long time ago that she would not be in another relationship when she knew she was being settled for just so the person could get closer to her sister. She had been dumped by too many cowardly men via messaging services and would not stoop to that level of disrespect herself.
Somewhere deep inside her, she was still hoping that this was all some nightmare and she would wake up soon or Ashton Kutcher had flown over to the UK and was, at any moment, going to pop up declaring her Punk’d.



Chapter twenty-four

Reigning in his patience each day was pushing Sebastian to a breaking point. He had conceded to Ari’s advice to let Layla recover from her illness and kept himself busy with work. Base Security was expanding its manpower, interviewing and vetting new security guards had kept him busy during the days. Thankfully, Charlie was constantly at hand to keep him occupied in the evenings.
He was back to working out, at least twice a day and had ran over twenty miles during the first week. Unfortunately it just wasn’t relieving the tensions that had him wound tighter than a Boa Constrictor going in for the kill. His only respite came when he picked Livi up for a shopping expedition on his lunch hour that needed a female perspective.
By the time the second week rolled round he couldn’t take it anymore. With the busy week before she got sick, it was coming up to three weeks since he had seen Layla. He felt like his heart had been missing for all of this time. The few and far between replies he was receiving just weren’t enough to ease his suffering and it was near impossible to catch her for a phone call.
It was time he put an end to this craziness.
~~~
“You’re here again?” Jasmine asked.
“I live here too so why is that so surprising?” Layla responded, failing to keep the bitchiness out of her voice.
“Right, I see you’re still in that mood.” Jasmine sighed and sat down in front of her sister. “Look sissy, I don’t know what’s going on with you lately or why you seem to be avoiding Sebastian.” Well that seemed to get her attention, Jasmine thought as Layla finally made eye contact with her.
“I suppose you two have been plotting behind my back then?” Layla spat out, unable to hold back any longer.
“What the fuck is that supposed to mean?” Jasmine spat back standing up. Her hands on her hips and now just as pissed as her sister seemed to be. Layla lost all her fire as soon as the image of that awful Friday night appeared in her head.
“Never mind. You wouldn’t understand.”
“Jeez Lay’, how can I understand if you won’t talk to me? What you’re doing…” Jasmine hated using ‘tough-love’ on her sister but enough was enough, “… avoiding Bas, being shitty with me and anyone else who tries to talk to you…” Jasmine did not miss the wince when she said his name, “…well it’s just wrong! And not like you. Sweetie, you’re like the nicest person I know. It’s why I get to be the bitch in our family.” She said with a self-depreciating shrug. “You need to stop this. Talk to your boyfriend, kiss and make-up, for fucks sake. I’m not making any more excuses for you if he gets in touch again.”
Layla’s broken heart throbbed in her chest at the thought of him texting and calling Jasmine. Enough was enough and as much as she hated to admit it, Jasmine was right. She was being a bitch, not only a bitch, but a big coward too. She should just put herself and Sebastian out of their misery and end it.
He had been trying to get in touch with her for the last few weeks, very regularly and she was dodging calls, making excuses and generally being someone she hated being. She was too scared to ask either him or her sister what had been going on that night. And even if he didn’t realise it yet, it would probably only be a matter of time before he fell for Jasmine instead. If not Jasmine, some other taller, more beautiful girl who wasn’t an emotional wreck when something got a little hard to deal with.
Now that she had faced up to how much of a coward she actually was. She had a decision to make. The right thing to do would be to call and ask Sebastian to meet her so she could do this face to face.
But could she actually go through with it when that beautiful man was in front of her?
Highly unlikely.
She would, most probably, pretend that all was fine so she could get a little more time with him. Then when it all went wrong later on, she would have no one to blame but herself for the fact that she would have no heart left whatsoever.
“No!” she shouted out loud, scaring Jasmine half to death. “You’re right, I’m sorry I’ve been such a bitch to you. It’s not your fault.” Well not that you realise anyway, her inner bitch piped in. “I’ll sort myself out. You can stop worrying now.” She attempted a smile at her sister, hoping it looked more convincing than the grimace she felt her muscles wanting to pull into.
“Good, make sure you do.” Jasmine seemed placated, which was good. So now Layla just had to work up the courage to take the next step.
Layla took herself off to the shower. It was one of her favourite places to think. By the time she was washed and dried, she knew what she had to do.
Not his place or hers, she would cave in either of those situations. Neutral ground was needed. A public place so again, she wouldn’t be more inclined to chicken out as she could keep her distance. She sank to the edge of her bed and put her head in her hands despairing. This was, by far, the hardest thing she had ever had to do. Before she could change her mind, she sent off a quick text.
----------------
Can we meet 
please?x 
----------------
His reply came in instantly.
----------------
Sure thing 
Beautiful,
tell me when and
where.xx 
----------------
After texting him a time and location, she got herself ready. The great British weather matched her mood- grey, wet and dreary. She wore jeans coupled with a grey t-shirt with Elmo popping out of a small front pocket, her red converse and a casual jacket. She pulled her hair up into a messy bun and applied a little blush and mascara. She was still looking a little rough from the lack of sleep from the past few weeks. Her brain just didn’t seem to want to switch off and let her rest and recover. Grabbing her phone, keys and an umbrella, Layla left the comfort of her home with dread making her feet feel heavy.
Sebastian sat inside the café Layla had asked him to meet her in. He had a horrible feeling that this was not going to be the happy reunion he was hoping for. He ordered himself a coffee as he needed something, anything, to occupy his hands while he waited. His table had a good view of the window so he could see her coming. Finally, she walked past the window towards the door holding tightly to and half hidden by a black and red polka dot umbrella. Excitement mixed with apprehension.
He watched as she scanned the room and her eyes landed on him. God she was beautiful, he thought, even with the obvious signs of fatigue in her eyes. As he watched her approach, it wasn’t the only thing he could see in those hazel eyes. They were also filled with sadness and all of the momentary excitement he had felt dissolved, leaving a stronger version of his previous apprehension. He stood, as she arrived at the table, pulling the chair out for her to sit and unable to stop himself from bending to kiss her.
Layla struggled to look at him. God she loved him so much. This was going to be harder than she thought. When he leaned in for a kiss she had to the fight the urge to throw herself at him and turned her head so his lips hit her cheek. Even that contact sent her insides into a mini-meltdown. Erecting some defences, she sat and forced herself to look at him.
It had hurt to be rebuffed to cheek status. Something was definitely wrong but for the life of him, he couldn’t think what. He was a man though, as Livi was always reminding him and his brothers, and that meant he wasn’t always with the ‘program’ when it came to a woman’s thoughts.
“Hi.” He managed to get out, already feeling uneasy.
“Hi.” Was the only response she gave. Well, this was not going to be easy.
“Can I get you something to drink?” he asked.
“I’ll get it.” And she was up and to the counter faster than a speeding bullet. She looked nervous, Sebastian noticed, and suddenly things began to fall into place. Avoidance, lack of affection or eye contact. He had the sinking feeling that he was about to get his arse dumped for the first time in his life. Well he wasn’t going to make it easy, if he let it happen at all.
He watched as she made her way back to him, sat and fiddled with her bottle of water. She took a couple of sips while she, no doubt, worked up some courage. He sat silently, waiting and sending up a little prayer that his assumptions were way off the mark.
All the stalling was just making Layla feel worse. She took a breath and forced herself to speak past the lump that was already in her throat.
“Thanks for meeting me,” God she be any more lame? She forced herself to make eye contact; she would miss those beautiful blue eyes. “I’m sorry I haven’t been able to see you sooner. Things have just been so busy and well…” she had to look away. His blue eyes had turned slightly icy and she had a sneaking suspicion he knew what was coming. Swallowing down the bile that was trying to rise up from her stomach, she forced herself to bite the bullet and get to the point.
“I wanted to do this face to face,” oh shit, this was way harder than when she had practised alone in her car. “I…” she swallowed a small sob and fought the tears, to keep them at bay as something inside her screamed that she was making a huge mistake. “…this is harder than I thought.” She gripped her bottle and let her eyes fall to the table, wincing when he decided to cut into the lengthening silence.
“Let me make it easier on you…” pausing a moment to get some control over the hurt and anger that seemed to be on a fast boil inside him. He watched as she forced herself to resume eye contact. Those beautiful eyes of light brown with vibrant green flecks, wet from unshed tears, filled with sadness, regret. She didn’t want this really, he realised. And with that thought, the anger slowed to a simmer.
“No. I won’t let you do this.” He stated emphatically. “What we have is special.” He tried to hold her hand but she moved them to the safety of her lap.
“Please don’t make this harder than it has to be.” She was barely keeping the wobble from her voice.
“Tell me why then?” Oh how she had dreaded this response. She could barely admit her reasoning to herself let alone to the man she loved with every piece of her broken heart.
“I have my reasons. It’s just better for both of us if this ends now.” Again, she forced herself to look at him and she wondered if she would survive this.
“Not good enough.” He held her eyes, questioning her. Silently pushing her to elaborate or take it all back. She could do neither. She felt like she was on the verge of breaking down. She had to get out of there.
Standing quickly while she still had some control of herself, her hand went to reach for him, of its own accord, but she whipped it back before it got close. He stood too and she knew she had to move.
“I’m so sorry Sebastian.” She blurted before turning on her heel. She didn’t get anywhere as he took her hand in one of his, halting her and moved in so their bodies were flush. Fast as lightening he struck, taking her lips in an all-consuming kiss. She could do nothing to fight it.
Her traitorous body melted instantly and she kissed him back, knowing it was the last chance she would get. That thought pushed the tears she had held at bay over the edge and one rolled down her cheek, as she poured her heart and soul into this last kiss. After a moment she knew she would have to break it, and with great reluctance, she placed her hands on his chest and gently pushed him away.
With one last, “I’m sorry.” She fled the café, running to her car, starting it and pulling quickly away. She thought she saw Sebastian standing on the pavement outside the café as she drove past, getting soaked in the still pouring rain. She was half sodden herself and her vision was blurry from the tears. Realising what a danger she was on the roads, she turned the corner and parked as soon as she could, allowing the now free falling tears to flow. Sobs wracked her body as she cried harder than she ever had before.
Sebastian had felt the tear that had fallen when they kissed. It was definitely a joint kiss. She had joined in just as much as he did, dipping her delightful little tongue into his eager mouth. She couldn’t mean what she had said, not if she kissed him like that. She had feelings for him and he was willing to bet they were similar to how he felt about her from the way she had fled.
He had allowed her to leave, letting her think that she was getting her way. She wasn’t. This was not over, not by a long shot, maybe, not ever. He smiled to himself as the rain poured down around him.
~~~
Layla thought she would settle once she had gotten through finishing her relationship with the only man she had ever really loved. She thought it was better to set him free now, while the hurt could be contained, than have him get tired of her down the line. It would be so much harder to deal with then. It wasn’t the case though.
She hurt more now than before. The voice in her head, that had screamed she was making a huge mistake in the café, was loud, consistent and not going away. It had been days since the break-up. She had heard nothing from him. For some unknown reason, that surprised her. Arianna had called her a couple of times to see how she was doing. Layla kept the calls short, claiming she was fine. Ari didn’t seem convinced but let her be. So, all that was left was for Layla to get on with her life without him. She had been single for a long time before him and she would get back to that place, eventually, and he would be a very fond memory.
Throwing herself into work helped. The website was getting many hits and she now had a short waiting list of clients. She really would have to hand her notice in at the bistro soon. The only thing left to do was convince her heart it would feel better one day and get that voice in her head to stop telling her she had done wrong.
~~~
Ari stood at the counter and waited. Soon enough the door swung violently open the brass bell above it tinkling its protests and almost coming out of the hook that held it in place. The colourful glass spheres in the wind chime casting a rainbow of dancing lights across the store from the breeze that blew in with her brother-in-law.
“Hello Bas.” She greeted him carefully, surprised it had taken so many days for him to appear at her shop.
Marching straight to the counter, he placed both of his large hands down and looked her in the eye.
“I want to know what happened. How I fucked up, what the issue was that you wouldn’t tell me before and most importantly, how I can fix it!” He was almost growling at her. None of this had been in question form, they were demands. Ari wasn’t nervous. She knew him too well. All the brothers were the same, yes they barked- very loudly at times- but they all had hearts of gold underneath their sometimes rough exteriors. So she smiled lovingly at her brother-in-law, making him lose the majority of the wind from his sails.
He sighed as she gestured for him to join her in the back office and followed her through, pulling up a chair and sitting very stiffly in it. His posture screamed ‘I’m at the end of my tether, not to be messed with, and certainly not leaving until my demands had been met!’ Ari checked her watch before she started. Yes, there was time.
“Tell me again what happened the night Layla got sick?” She could see he was frustrated but she needed everything to be clear. She didn’t actually know everything.
“Okay, I had hardly seen her all week and I missed her,” Ari controlled the ‘aw’ that was dying to slip out at the sweet sentiment, “so after finding her camera wrapped up in the blankets in my boot, I decided I would go to her apartment to return it and surprise her. I didn’t text and let her know. Anyway, I get there and get buzzed straight through the main doors then knocked on her door. Jasmine answered. There was a little mix up but she was funny with it and told me to come in and that Layla was already late so she should be home any minute. I went in, sat on the couch with Jasmine and we got to talking. As she is the closest person to Layla, I asked her advice on something-” Ari cut him off,
“Is it about something sparkly and yellow?” she asked with a slightly goofy grin.
“You scare the shit out of me. But I can’t go there now,-” again he was cut off and shocked.
“Yes, of course, there’s not enough time. You were saying…” she rolled her hand as if to say continue.
“So yes, I was asking Jasmine for advice on a ‘personal’ matter and asked her to keep it to herself. She wasn’t pleased about keeping it a secret but said that it was worth it. Anyway, Layla had come in at some point, though neither of us had heard her.” He did his best to ignore the widening of Arianna’s eyes and the soft shake of her head as he continued. “It wasn’t until there was a little knock on her bedroom door that we realised we weren’t alone. Jasmine went to check if it was Layla.” He paused a moment remembering how sick she had looked that night as she ran from one room to the other.
“She said she had a migraine and thought she might vomit. Jasmine told her I was there and I asked if I could take care of her. The next thing I know, she came hurtling out of the door and to the bathroom where she threw up. Jasmine persuaded me to leave and let her take care of Layla. And wasn’t that a big mistake.” He shook his head still regretting ever walking out of that apartment that night.
“Then, on your advice, I gave her ‘some time’,” he air quoted, “…and then got avoided for another couple of weeks before she text and asked to meet me and proceeded to dump me! Not my favourite moment.” His brow furrowed as he thought again about that kiss. He refused to call it the ‘last’ kiss. He was determined that it was not their last kiss.
“The thing is… I could see the battle and the sadness in her eyes as she was telling me we were over. She didn’t want it over. I could tell. So, I kissed her before she left and she kissed me back. I know she has feelings for me Ari, I just know it.” Ari rubbed his arm soothingly.
“She loves you Bas. Everyone could see it at the park that day.” Ari paused, still a little uneasy about what she was about to say but she had to help her brother and her friend through this.
“I still don’t think it’s my place to tell you this but Layla has a bit of an issue with feeling second best to her sister. I’m fairly certain that more than a few boys have used her as a way to get close to her sister. One may even have just plain changed his mind and finished her because he wanted Jasmine more than her.” The incredulous look on Sebastian’s face was almost comical.
“Seriously?” he asked.
“I’m afraid so.” Ari said with a little sadness. “So your girlfriend has an acute case of not feeling good enough, especially were her little sister is concerned. Yet she still brought her to the family barbeque.” A light bulb seemed to go off in his head then.
“That’s why she never invited me in when I picked her up and why we always stayed at my place.”
“Of course it is.” Ari replied in an ‘isn’t it obvious’ kind of tone.
“So she takes a big step, introducing you to her sister and within a week she comes home to find her boyfriend and her sister. I’m presuming you were sitting quite close on the couch?” Sebastian could already see where Ari was heading with this and he dipped his head in embarrassment for being so foolish, answering with a barely audible “Yes.” He let Ari continue.
“So she comes home to find you and Jasmine on the couch together, plotting. Quite possibly hears you asking Jasmine to keep a secret to which she agrees…. does this sound about right?”
“God Ari, you’re right. I fucked up big time! How could I be so stupid?” he berated himself out loud. “But how was I supposed to know she had an issue with her sister?”
“Aw honey, you couldn’t know that. I only know because of snippets of things I’ve picked up on. I know for a fact that Jasmine has no idea her sister feels this way.” Ari consoled him.
“So you think I can win her back?” he asked, truly hopeful for the first time in days.
Ari smiled a large smile. “I know you can sweetie. Do you have it with you?” she asked, checking her watch one last time.
It took him a moment to realise what she was asking.
“Yes.” He answered.
“Go to your hill.” It was as close to an order as his placid sister-in-law got and he didn’t need telling twice.



Chapter twenty-five

Sebastian drove towards the park, all the while his head filled with thoughts of seeing Layla again. His mind cataloguing all the things he wanted to say to her. The twenty minute drive seemed to take forever as he wound his Audi down the roads. Pulling into the car park, he didn’t spot Layla’s car but that didn’t discourage him. This wasn’t the only place to park for access to the place and he knew Ari wouldn’t send him here for nothing.
Finding the familiar route, he began the incline to what would hopefully be one of the best moments of his life. Nervousness buzzed throughout him and making his muscles itch to go faster. He was far from dressed for a light jog. Wearing Vans and cargo shorts but neither his brain or his body cared as he picked up the pace from a fast walk to a light jog.
As if he could sense her presence, he slowed to a walk to lower his heart rate, before he reached her.  It was a futile endeavour, his body reacted as soon as she came into sight. His almost slowed heart picked up its pace like a drum solo at a Rock concert.
She was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. Standing in almost the same spot as the first time he had seen her. The breeze moving her chestnut curls, her camera glued to her face and yes, she was singing again. Her voice carried on the breeze, something about ‘mother nature’ and ‘summer rain’. Like a moth drawn to the flame, he approached her. His heart full of love and hope.
Settling with her camera, Layla snapped away. She loved the view from here. It was even more lush than the first time she had been up to the top of this hill. The trees and shrubs below fuller and greener. She would pencil in to come up here during the monthly visits in autumn and winter for her calendar pictures.
Her iPod had shuffled to the perfect song to accompany her while taking pictures of nature. The Stella Sisters harmonious voices filled her head as she zoomed in with her new ‘paparazzi’ lens, as Jasmine called it, capturing a flock of birds as they departed the greenery for the blue skies above.
Out of nowhere a large hand clasped her elbow and she screamed in surprise. Dropping her camera to her body, the neck strap stopped it from hurtling to the floor. She swung herself round. Arms flying out from the startling surprise, she caught her assailant with an unruly fist straight to his stomach.
Sebastian doubled over as the wind whooshed from him. His little spitfire had caught him efficiently. Her small frame serving her well. She had caught him with her fist just under his ribs, making contact with the softer belly area for maximum effect.
“What the fuck Bas? You scared the shit out of me!” she cried, still coming down from the instant adrenaline high. His smile was wide. It was the first time she had used his shortened name. He found pride swelling his heart, that his ‘travel-sized’ woman could defend herself if need be. With that pride and all the love he felt for her making him feel like he could burst, he took her hands and opened his mouth.
“God I love you so much. You make me crazy.” Layla was shocked still. Her only movement was the blinking of her wide eyes and her jaw dropping open. Sebastian made use of her silence to carry on with all the things he wanted to say.
“It’s quite fitting that I’m doing this here. It was the first place I ever saw you.” He wasn’t surprised at the little furrow of her eyebrows at this snippet of information, as he had yet to admit it.
“Here you were all alone, taking your pictures and sketching. Singing at the top of your voice and trying to take that pretty little head off with you earphone wire.” He smiled fondly at the memory and the rush of pink to her cheeks as she obviously recalled the time.
“I thought you were the most beautiful woman I had ever seen and I haven’t looked at another one since.” He looked deep into her hazel eyes as he spoke, reaffirming his words as the honest truth. Again, her brow furrowed.
“You changed my life and me. I wasn’t looking for a girlfriend, didn’t think I was ready to settle down or even had the time. From the moment I saw you, I couldn’t stop thinking about you. I didn’t even know your name. You had already changed me and I thought I was going crazy. But then, there you were coming out of the back room with my sister-in-law. Even more beautiful than I remembered, I was so happy that you had popped back into my world and I knew that it was a good kind of crazy and I had to make you mine.”
Layla still couldn’t move. All this information Sebastian was throwing her way had her in a perpetual state of… shocked stupid, would probably be the best way to describe it. She had come here to be alone and forget about him. Instead she had spent the time thinking about last month when he had joined her on her park nature trip and missing him like crazy. Now here he was.
“I’m hoping that I’m right in thinking you had gone a little crazy telling me we were over. I never wanted that. I didn’t realise how badly I messed up by asking your sister for some advice.” He let go of one of her hands and cupped her cheek in his palm, taking a step closer and keeping a tight lid on his restraint so he wouldn’t kiss her yet. Still she said nothing. Her beautiful hazel eyes were wide and filled with more green than he had noticed before.
“I love you Layla Alexander. My life, these past few weeks, has been an empty shell of what it was while you were in it. I didn’t even realise I was missing out on anything before you came along. I just don’t function properly without you anymore.” He paused a moment, taking his hand off her cheek and reaching into the pocket of his shorts.
Layla watched as he retrieved a small box from his pocket. She looked at him. Her muddled mind barely registering what could be about to happen until he popped the lid of the box and dropped to one knee.
“I’d be the biggest fool to let you go and not make you mine forever. You are the woman of my dreams, everything I never even knew I wanted. I want to spend the rest of my life showing you how special you are and how much I love you. Marry me Layla? Be my Love, my Life, my Wife?” His heart beat wildly in his chest as he waited for her response. He watched as she looked from his face to the ring and back to his eyes.
Still she stood, her eyes wide and expressive, as she processed all that he had said. A single tear fell from her eye as she blinked and rolled down her cheek, falling from her jaw.
Layla thought she might faint. If she thought the shock of being grabbed before was bad. That had nothing on the shock this surprise proposal had brought forth. She took a couple of breaths to keep the oxygen flowing to her brain and steeled her mushy knees. She let the intentions of Sebastian’s words filter into her.
He loved her and wanted to marry her. He was on his knee, holding the prettiest yellow diamond she had ever seen.
“You’re killing me here woman.” Sebastian joked as the moment of silence lingered on. His words again took a moment to register through the fuzziness.
Layla tried to speak, having to clear the large lump from her throat before any words could come forth.
“Yes,” she croaked and cleared her throat for a second time. “Yes!” A clear and emphatic response finally came forth, as the tears ran freely down her cheeks.
Sebastian wasted no time in removing the diamond ring from its box and taking hold of her now shaking hand. He slipped the white gold band down her finger. Once it was situated correctly, he brought her hand to his mouth and kissed it gently. Then stood, pulling her fully into his personal space.
“You have just made me the happiest man on this earth.” He whispered, his vibrant blue eyes shone, full of wonder and love. He bent then, reaffirming all his words with a kiss that was out of this world.
Hand in hand, they walked back down the worn path towards Sebastian’s Audi. If asked to recall the walk, Layla would struggle to remember as she floated down in a haze of happiness, fiddling with her new ring and all the while reminding herself this wasn’t just a dream.
With Layla in no fit state to drive right now, they left her car and rode together to Sebastian’s parent’s house to share their news. He couldn’t wipe the grin off his face or let go of Layla. He was definitely investing in an automatic car as soon as possible.
Sebastian drove them carefully, glancing all too often over to his left to look at his beautiful bride-to-be. Never had he felt so happy.
“Hey beautiful, you doing okay over there?” Layla had been in a bit of a daze since he had started his declaration and her smile had faltered. When he noticed the tears steadily falling, he pulled over to the side of the road.
“What’s wrong baby?” Concern laced through him like a hot knife through butter.
“I’m so sorry,” she was almost sobbing, “I have to ask you something, clear it up.”
“Shoot, ask me anything.”
“The night you were at the apartment with Jasmine, what were you discussing?”
Sebastian sighed a big release and smiled. He took hold of Layla’s left hand, rubbing the pad of his thumb over the half carat yellow diamond adorning her third finger.
“This, my beautiful angel.” He told her. “I was asking your sister’s advice about asking you to marry me.” Layla dropped her head as relief and guilt wracked her and the tears rolled freely down her face.
“I have been so stupid. I can’t believe I pushed you away with no real explanation because of my own paranoid thoughts. But when I came home and found you both sitting there, so close, and heard Jasmine say about not liking to keep secrets from me but agreeing. I just went into shut down.” She looked up at him through watery eyes.
“I’m so sorry Sebastian. I never should have doubted you or my sister.”
“Look babe,” he said cupping her face in the palm of his hands. “No offence to your sister but, no thank you. She doesn’t have a patch on my beautiful girl.” He smiled a new and more devastating one than she had witnessed before. It was a smile just for her, for the love he held for her and a promise of the wonderful life they would have together. Using the pads of his thumbs, he brushed away the tears from her cheeks and laid his lips gently upon hers. He kissed her slowly and thoroughly until it was no longer acceptable to be at the side of the road.
They would not be staying too long at his parent’s house.
The rest of the journey elapsed in a happy silence as they held hands and listened to the sounds of the seventies on an old school radio station.
On arrival at his folks, there were a few more cars on the drive than had been expected. Word had travelled fast. He parked his car on the street to make sure that when they were ready they could leave. Yes, he was excited to share his and Layla’s news but he was more excited to get his fiancé home and alone. His fiancée, it felt so good to say that. It had been way too long since the last time he had felt her naked and trembling under his hands.
Opening the passenger door, he held out a hand. Layla eagerly took it and once out of the car she pressed herself against Sebastian. She pushed up onto her tiptoes and pulled his face down to her lips, kissing him without preamble. She wrapped her arms around his neck, continuing the kiss until they were both breathless.
Sebastian opened the front door using his key. Livi must’ve been watching out for them as she came running towards them shouting, “They’re here!” Elizabeth followed her out of the room.
“Can somebody please tell me what has Olivia and Arianna acting like kids on Christmas morning that aren’t allowed to open their presents yet? Oh hello, Layla honey, how are you?” She said, coming over to greet the pair. “Hello Darling.” She kissed each of them on the cheek.
“Hey Mum, who’s here?” Sebastian enquired.
“Your Father, Daniel, Ari and the girls, Charlie and Olivia. So is someone going to explain what is going on?”
Sebastian held tight to Layla’s hand and threw an arm around his mother’s shoulders.
“Let’s go find Dad and all will be revealed.” He told her as they all converged into the living room. Olivia bouncing around behind them.
After greetings were out of the way, Olivia looked like she would burst if the news wasn’t shared. She would soon be finally allowed to let on that she knew the secret.
Sebastian settled the group. Looking proudly around the room at his family and down at the beautiful woman at his side, he cleared his throat.
“I have some wonderful news.” He began. Oh lord, Livi was literally bouncing on the edge of her seat with the biggest smile. Elizabeth had a certain twinkle in her eye and he was about to make his mother very proud.
“This beautiful lady here next to me,” he paused a second just to look at her for a moment, “… has agreed to be my wife.” He smiled at his fiancée, his heart so full of love as his girl smiled back and the room went wild… 
####

Excerpt from book two of the Rhodes family series follows… 


An excerpt from RHODES TO MAGIC, book two in the Rhodes family series.

Prologue

Daniel sighed, as he stood on the beach on the last day of the best holiday of his life. In all his almost thirteen years, out of all the various beaches around Western Europe his family had visited, this quaint Cornish beach had become his most favourite place. Even on the few grey days, like today, there was something special blowing in the sea-salty wind. He imagined himself a pirate for a moment with adventures on the sea, mysterious island stop offs with large fires on the beach, all the clues figured out with maps to find treasure, just like The Goonies. He was jolted out of his daydream as his younger brothers barged passed him, knocking him onto the damp sand. Taking their last bucket of shells and crabs back to the beach house where his Mum and Dad were trying to return their summer holiday abode into its former pre-Rhodes-invasion/annihilation state, before they all left for the hellish car journey back home. He would miss the place where all of his siblings got along, well a lot more than they did at home anyway.
As the noise behind him disappeared, he took in the view one last time and committed it to memory. Closing his eyes to savour the salty air, he took a deep cleansing breath and frowned as the salt smell seemed to disappear and was replaced by a grassy, no, floral smell, kind of like the wild meadow he and his brothers loved to trespass on playing commando back home. The back of his eyelids turned from black to red as the sun made a monumental effort to break through the grey clouded sky. Opening them, he could see three strong rays of golden-yellow had broken through and reflected off the water. His mind seemed to be having a brain fart. He could see the water, feel the sand beneath his fingers and making his bottom wet where he sat. Yet his nostrils were full of flowers.
He stood and looked around. There wasn’t a flower in sight. He knew there were some window boxes back at the house but they were neither big enough or near enough to be smelled from his current position on the edge of the beach and there was no one in sight. Shrugging off the occurrence like any thirteen year old boy, he began to make his way back up to the house to help with the big pack-up, check that Charlie hadn’t snuck anything alive or revolting into his bag and to change his trousers. The eight hour car journey with six confined kids from age seven to fourteen would be bad enough. The last thing he wanted was a soggy bum all the way home or an uninvited holiday souvenir in his backpack.




Chapter one

Arianna Scott believed in magic, fate and fairy tales. At age six, she believed if you wished on the right star your wish would come true. Believed that out in the world somewhere, was a young prince charming, waiting to one day find her. But, not being the most patient six year old and not quite having the ‘come true’ ratio she would have liked, she had moved on from fairy tales.
By age nine, it was magic.
For as far back as she could remember, her mother and grandmother had- along with the standard fairy tales- told her legends of descendants with mysterious gifts, potions and spells. The summer Arianna turned nine she was regularly spotted down at the bottom of the garden, stock piling various flowers, leaves and spiders. Nanna Rose had rooted out an old tin bucket as a makeshift cauldron and the biggest wooden spoon she could find for Arianna to brew her potions. Arianna was a passionate child and preferred the proactive approach magic gave. She threw herself in whole heartedly and when the summer months passed and the days grew colder, she studied any and all books from the local library, listing her favourite spells and their ingredients. She became quite proficient and made various herbal remedies along with her potions under the watchful eyes of her Nanna Rose, who looked after her while her mother was working.
As her tenth birthday neared, Arianna began having vivid dreams. At first, they were mostly filled with bright colours and blurred faces. Sometimes the blurry face would rush towards her and startle her out of her fitful sleep. A week before her birthday, she snuck out of bed and watched the most beautiful sunset she had ever seen. She watched the blue sky fade from blue, to lilac, to pink then to the warmest orange that was flashed with golden yellow. As the sun disappeared entirely below the horizon, she looked away to the blackening sky. The moon was full and shone with a yellow glow from the intense sunset and it seemed to give her an inner peace. Yawning, Arianna took herself back to bed and hoped the blurry faces would stay out of her dreams tonight.
Her dreams differed that night. Amidst the colours and a few blurred faces, she could make out a more definitive shape.
A boy sat facing away from her, his dark hair blowing in the dream wind. She found herself drawn to this boy. Usually things appeared to be rushing to her and she had no control of movement. She enjoyed the seemingly floaty feeling of the movement towards the boy. As she neared, the boy stood. He was tall, not her age, probably a few years older. As the boy started to turn towards her something shifted in the air. She ignored the changing scenery and concentrated on the boy, willing him to turn faster. The outlines of his body started to blur and Arianna raised her head in hopes of seeing his face before everything merged back into the colourful spectrum that was her usual state of dreamland. His dark hair and height served as a partial shield against the brightening colours and as her gaze reached his face, she locked onto the most spellbinding eyes she had ever seen. A pair of hazel eyes looked down on her. So in focus she could make out the light-ish brown colour with lots of flashes of gold, green and grey. They couldn’t be classed a specific colour. Never before had she seen anything in such high definition in her dreams and she was mesmerised. Although the face was far from defined, she knew from the eyes he was smiling. As she returned the smile, she was pulled sharply away and began a free fall through the rainbow surroundings. Faster and faster she fell, seeing the blackness below grow until she was almost surrounded by it. Wake up, WAKE UP!
Arianna came too with a start; she struggled to free herself from the tangle of the thin blanket from her bed, as her eyes grew accustomed to the darkened room. Everything was as it should be. Her lace curtains moved effortlessly with the breeze that blew through the window. Her favourite cuddly toys still sat at the end of her bed- if not slightly lopsided now from the frantic way she had woken. While her breathing slowed, she decided that if the dreams got any worse than this she would have to tell her Mother about them.
For the next five nights, the beautiful hazel eyes dominated her dreams but always in the distance. The face never came into focus and, try as she might, she could not get close enough again. The day before her birthday as she sat with Nanna Rose pruning the weeds in the herb garden, Arianna decided to confide in her grandmother.
“Nanna Rose, can I tell you about something?”
“Of course dear. You know you can talk to me or your mother about anything. What’s on your mind?”
Arianna put down the hand shears and took a deep breath; she had never before felt nervous or unsure talking to her beloved Nanna Rose. Sensing the girls unease, Rose took off her gardening gloves and sat back on her heels, placing a gentle hand on her granddaughters arm she added softly,
“You really can tell me anything; I will never judge you or make you feel silly.” She smiled affectionately.
Arianna raised her eyes from the dirt seeing all the love in her Grandmothers eyes. She hoped it would still be there after she confessed about the strange dreams and the boy with the dark hair and hypnotic eyes.
“I... erm, well. I have been having these dreams.” She paused, took another breath and decided to just get it all out. “At first they were just lots of colours. Then there were all these blurry people trying to get close to me, but last week they kind of changed. It’s still all the colours of the rainbow but most of the blurry people have gone and now it’s just one person, still blurry except for his eyes. He has the most lovely eyes I’ve ever seen. I wish I knew who he was….” she trailed off a soft pink blush staining her tanned cheeks. She was glad she had left her hair loose and dropped her head, letting it fall like a veil to hide her embarrassment.
Rose gave her arm a gentle squeeze and brought Arianna’s attention back.
“Well child,” she said with awe, “remember those stories I told you about our ancestors, the ‘gifts’ I talked about?” Arianna nodded her head in assent Rose continued, “It seems that you have been blessed with one of those gifts. Dreams have always been a powerful phenomenon and sometimes through dreams, messages can be carried and shared. From what I remember my own Grandmother telling me, if you were lucky enough to be blessed with a gift, it would not manifest- or come out- until the person was ready to sustain it. I think that the powers that be believe that you are now old enough to own your gift.” At this, Arianna couldn’t define the array of emotions that swirled throughout her head and stomach.
“Be proud child. Only a chosen few are lucky enough to be blessed. Don’t worry yourself over them for the time being. When the time is right, you will know what messages are trying to come through and you can help them along when it becomes clearer. As for these ‘lovely eyes’…” Rose watched her Granddaughter blush a deeper shade of red than before and chuckled under her breath, “well, this boy must hold some significance. I am sure when the time is right it will all become clear.”
Arianna wondered why she had ever worried about talking to her Grandmother; after all she had the best, most understanding one in the world. She didn’t feel like a freak like she thought she might after her confession. Instead, like her Nanna Rose had said, she felt proud and blessed. Now that she thought more on it, super excited came to mind. She had wanted to be a ‘real’ witch for ages now and, from what Nanna had just said, these weird dreams just bumped her up to witch status in her book. And it wasn’t even her birthday until tomorrow. An idea hit her then. She would need all her notes on spells for her birthday wish. With hopefully a little magical help, she would find out who this boy was from her dreams. She was sure of it!
“Thanks Nanna. I do feel proud. I can’t believe I’m a real witch!” With that, Arianna jumped up from the dirt, almost knocking Rose down with the force of the hug she gave. “There’s something I need to do, if that’s ok?” She was jumping from one foot to the other, now itching to get going.
“That’s fine child. Off you go now. Do what you need to within reason, obviously.” Rose waved the girl off with her regloved hand and watched as she skipped her way back to the house.
For the rest of the day, Arianna poured over her books and notes that she had made over the last twelve months. Pulling bits and pieces together until she had come up with what she deemed the perfect spell to find the face that belonged to the eyes that haunted her dreams. With a list of ingredients ready for the morning, she said goodnight to her Parents and was eagerly in bed before her usual bedtime. She was impatient for her dreams and her birthday.
~
“…Happy birthday to yooouuu!” the chorus of voices faded away. Arianna could not contain her smile. She was having the best birthday. Presents had been plentiful, including new flowery notepads with matching pens and pencils, a large variety of seeds to plant in Nanna Rose’s greenhouse, some new books and a beautiful floral party dress that she had chosen to wear for her birthday tea party with her parents and grandparents. After opening her gifts this morning, she had painstakingly gathered just the right ingredients and carefully wrote the words she hoped would help bring the face of her dreams into reality (or at least focus). As requested, dinner had been held on the garden porch. Arianna had brought her trusty ‘cauldron’ and left it within reach of the table. Her family urged her to make a wish, closing her eyes and clutching the dry concoction wrapped in the spell paper and bound with string, she recalled the words from the spell in her head.
Birthday wishes, dreams come true
Colours fade enhance the view
She concentrated on a vision of the eyes strong in her mind and, much to the horror of her father’s parents, proceeded to place the ensemble over the naked flame of the large candle clearly stating she was the big 1-0. As the dry blend came alight, she drew in a large breath and blew out all signs of fire. Swirling the smouldering bundle in a figure of eight in front of her body and repeating the spell once more, she placed it in her tin bucket/cauldron for safety and conclusion of the spell. The porch area filled with a misty floral aroma, like a wild meadow fire, as the bucket released the last of the smoke. Starting with Nanna Rose, a procession of hugs and kisses followed her father being the last one. He scooped her up into a mammoth bear hug and rained kisses onto her cheeks and face.
“Happy birthday my unique and beautiful girl. I love you all around the world.”
Tranquillity settled over Arianna. She knew that one day she would meet the owner of those eyes, it was meant to be. She could feel it in her heart, almost see it in her future. The fates (and hopefully her spell) would bring them together when the time was right.
*****
End of excerpt of Rhodes to Magic

Other titles in this series:
Book one: Rhodes to Crazy (Sebastian and Layla) Available now.
Book two: Rhodes to Magic (Daniel and Arianna) Available now.
Book three: Rhodes to Security (Ethan and Sophia) Available now.
Book four: Rhodes to Home (Charlie and Jordanna) coming Sept 2015.
Book five: Rhodes to Fulfilment (Olivia and Beau) coming soon.
Book six: Rhodes to Acceptance (Matthew and Amelia) coming soon.
~~
To keep up to date with all new release news connect with me online: Twitter, @CarlyWakefieldA 
Facebook, Carly Wakefield 

