



RIDGE
1st book in the Five Oaks Ranch Series


By: Stephanie Payne Hurt

Ridge©2015 Stephanie Payne Hurt
Smashwords Edition

Five Oaks Ranch Series
Horseshoe Publishing
Cover Designer: Kaleigh Payne
Any person mentioned in this book is not based on any person, living or nonliving.
This book is a work of fiction. This book should not be copied in any
Form or used in part or whole without the permission of the author or publisher.



To sign up for Stephanie's newsletter to receive updates on upcoming events, new releases and so much more, go by her website at www.stephaniehurtauthor.com!
While you're at it, join her Street Team and get free books, be the first to receive chapters from unpublished works and win cool prizes from Stephanie's treasure chest of swag!


Chapter 1
Ridge stood looking out at the cattle as it grazed in the far field. It was good to be home, but he couldn't quite get his head on straight. That's when he saw the lone horse out in the field. It was out of place and he realized it was one of their prize Stallions. 
Anger surged in him as he urged his horse into a run across the large expanse of pasture. If one of those longhorn cattle came near enough to gore that Stallion they'd be out a lot of money. His mind kept going over who was in charge of the horses this morning when he headed out. Then he remembered that it was Maggie. Shaking his head as he easily jumped the fence and gained on the skittish Stallion. Evidently the horse realized he was in the wrong place.
Once he neared the horse he saw the dangling rope. Grinding his teeth and jumping off his horse he grabbed the rope and reached up to tie it to the horn of his saddle. He stepped up into the saddle and started for the barn. He'd have her hide for this. She knew how to tie a proper knot. Where was that girls mind at? 
When he neared the barn he saw his little sister brushing her mare. She looked up and their eyes locked. Hers was the first to dart away. She knew instantly that he was angry. The horse he was leading toward her was one of the prize Stallions that her father had paid a lot of money for. 
Stepping around the back of her horse, she gazed over the horses back timidly, dreading his wrath. Maybe if she put the horse between them it would be better, but the anger in his eyes was growing. Finally she walked out of the stall and reached up for the rope that he handed her.
"Maggie, what were you thinking? Do you have any idea where this horse was when I found him?" Not giving her time to respond, he continued with a loud, booming voice full of anger. "He was out in the pasture with the longhorn cattle. What if one of those bulls decided to tear open this Stallion? How'd he get loose? You know how to tie a knot." He slowly dismounted his horse and stood in front of his sister. Grabbing the rope he tied it in a proper knot and slipped it over the hook on the side of the stall.
"I'm sorry Ridge. I don't know how he got loose. I swear I tied the knot tightly." She edged away from him as he continued to stare at her. 
He reached up and pulled his cowboy hat off to wipe the sweat from his forehead. How could he stay mad with her?  With a quick motion he pulled her into his embrace. "Just be glad it was me that found him and not dad. He'd have you cleaning out stalls with your hands." He reached up and pulled her ponytail.
She made a face just thinking about that punishment. "Thanks Ridge for not ratting on me this time but I'll do better. I guess I was distracted with the new horse and all." Looking over her shoulder at her new mare she smiled. "But you've got to admit she's worth the distraction." 
He laughed and pushed her gently back toward her mare. "Well, distraction or not, don't let it happen again or I'll have you using your toothbrush on the bits." As she giggled he rolled his eyes and headed over to brush his horse down, his heart melting slightly at the sound of her giggle. That was one of the many things he'd missed while in Iraq. 
His mind went back to that bad place that haunted his dreams and woke him in a cold sweat every night. The sand ate into his feet as he stood with his back against the jeep. He held his gun against his body in complete silence, waiting on the enemy to move closer. The cries from his injured fellow soldiers filled the air, causing his heart to pound loud in his ears. 
Suddenly a loud explosion rattled the air, the next thing he woke in a hospital room. Then he was brought back to the stable when he felt a slight shiver run up his spine. Turning he realized a woman was in the stables that he didn't know. 
Maggie was talking with her as he walked up. The woman was stunning in her jeans and t-shirt, as she stood talking about the new mare. Both women looked up when he stopped beside Maggie.
"Ridge have you met the new vet yet?" She asked in a sweet telling voice. He looked down at her with a warning in his eyes, letting her know he was aware of the slight hint in her voice.
The woman stepped forward and extended her hand. "I'm glad to finally meet the town's hero, Ridge Cauthen. Thank you for all you've done for this country." She said in almost an exhale as she took in his gorgeous face and lean, muscular body. 
He took her hand sheepishly as he grinned down at her. "I'm just a normal man doing what he had to do." 
Suddenly embarrassed, she said, "I'm sorry, I didn't say my name, it's Mallory Rutger."
"Good to meet you Mallory." He tipped his hat and spun on his booted heel, heading back out of the stable. One thing he'd learned while at war, when that tingle went down your spine, you needed to take cover and felt it strongly when he was in the presence of Mallory Rutger.

Chapter 2
Maggie knew her brother was still having nightmares with her room beside his, every night he'd cry out in strangling terror. She turned back to Mallory with a sorrowful grin. "Sorry, he's still having some issues from what happened over there."
Mallory watched his back as he turned and walked out of the stable with slumped, defeated shoulders. "That's alright, I can't even imagine what he's seen or been through. It's good he's finally home so he can heal." Her heart went out to him and his struggles.
When Ridge reached the edge of the barn he leaned on it with his shoulder. As his gaze scanned the landscape in front of him, it became evident that he belonged here. So why was he torn with so much confusion? He'd thought that once he arrived back home he'd be healed mentally and physically. This ranch had always made him relax and feel renewed.
Straightening back up, he headed toward his truck. Opening the door he stepped in and sat down. Where he was headed he didn't know all he knew was getting away for a little while was needed. Maneuvering the truck out of the yard he headed up the drive and out of the gates of the Five Oaks Ranch. 
Twenty minutes later he pulled into the little diner on the edge of town. It had been in this town for over fifty years and a favorite of all the Cauthen brood. Several people waved at him as he entered and made his way to a booth in the back. 
The waitress walked over and smiled with evident interest in the handsome, virile cowboy sitting in her work area. He only looked down at the table as she stared at him in awe. Finally she found her voice and took his order.
Just after his coffee arrived, Chase and Luke sauntered in. They walked straight over to his booth and sat down across from him. He scowled at them, thinking so much for some alone time. Why was it that his family was always near? Loving them was easy, but sometimes a man needed time alone and this was one of those times, or so he thought.
"What are you two doing here?" His voice gravely with irritation at the two men in front of him.
Chase grinned and motioned for the waitress to bring them coffee. "We eat here often; it's not only here for you." The humor in which he spoke only infuriated Ridge. 
"If you wanted to be alone, this was not the place to come to." Luke leaned forward, "Especially during the lunch rush." Luke pointed out with a smirk.
Ridge groaned and put his hand over his face in frustration. "I had to get away from the ranch for a bit. Was that too much to ask?" The pointed look he gave his brothers would've made anyone else run for cover, but not the Cauthen brothers, it only made them grin broader.
Chase winked up at the waitress as she brought over their coffee. "Well hello Rachel, how's it going today?" 
Blushing she looked around the table at the three handsome men before she spoke. "I have to say my day is getting better and better. All we need is Oakley and I'd be in sheer heaven." Clearing her throat, she turned to Ridge. "You're food will be out in a moment." 
Chase was enjoying the uncomfortable look on Ridge's face. They definitely needed to find a woman for Ridge. Maybe if he had someone for himself he'd calm down a notch. Looking back up at Rachel, "Will you get me a BLT on wheat and what about you Luke?" He turned to his brother.
"BLT on white with extra mayo and one of those homemade pickles you make would be great." Luke said with a look that spoke volumes. He'd been coming in more often since Rachel came to work here. 
"I'll take care of it." She headed back toward the kitchen as Ridge looked up at Luke with a brotherly look of discovery.
"Let me guess, you're after the waitress." Picking up his coffee, taking a long drink before he continued. "She's cute, but I thought you went more for the older women." 
Luke didn't take offense, but shrugged, "Rachel's a sweet lady and didn't you notice her blue eyes. Heck a man could get lost in them." 
Chase looked up at Ridge, "I think he's been bitten by the attraction bug." 
"Don't you mean the love bug?" Ridge said with a hidden smile. His hard edge cracking with his brothers animated look. They knew how to work him which only made him feel better. He'd missed this easy brotherly banter while he was in Iraq. 
"Did you meet the new vet this morning?" Chase said with a lazy smile. He knew the vet was at the barn and Ridge had been there too. 
Ridge grunted and took the plate Rachel handed him. "I did."
Luke smirked at the short, blade edged answer. "So, you liked her did you?"
Scowling, Ridge looked up at Luke. "What's that supposed to mean?"
"Well, she's a real looker and you've been away for a while." He left the sentence hanging in the breeze of his assumption with a huge smile.
"The woman's nice looking and seems really nice. Is that what you wanted me to say?" He took a bite of his food and tried not to look at his brothers. Had they noticed the shaking of his hands? Why was he reacting like this to seeing the new vet? Yes, she was beautiful and Luke was right, he'd been away a long time, but he had control of his emotions. Didn't he?
"Yes, that's what I wanted to hear. At least we know you're still alive and a true Cauthen male." Chase laughed at his brother's pun, which of course gained another cold look from Ridge.
"Let's don't go there right now alright. I'm doing just fine alone for now." He said it in a voice that should've stopped them in their tracks but his brothers weren't swayed in the least which totally infuriated him. 
"I want to go there Ridge. You need to go there and loosen up." Luke said as Rachel came back with their plates. He smiled up at her and winked. "Thank you darling."
She blushed and turned to head back to the kitchen. Chase turned to Luke. "You need to just ask the woman out on a date. She's definitely interested." 
Luke cleared his throat, suddenly acting shy, which was out of character for him. "I think I'll wait until I'm alone." 
Rachel walked up with a pot of fresh coffee to refill their cups. Chase decided to take matters into his own hands. "Rachel, Luke here wants to ask you out, but he seems to have lost his courage?"
Luke looked over at his brother with shock and then up at a blushing Rachel. Well the cat was out of the bag so he might as well ride it out. "Would you like to go out to dinner tonight?"
Smiling sweetly she shook her head. "That would be nice Luke." 
"I'll pick you up at seven."
She turned and walked back into the kitchen with a smile and giggle. Luke turned to Chase and hit him on the arm. "Don't do that again."
Ridge and Chase both lost their composure. "I think you need to keep your love interests to yourself from now on brother." Ridge said as he looked over at his younger brother.
"Evidently I do." He elbowed Chase as his brother continued to laugh. "I can't believe you just did that."

Chapter 3

The long hard ride did nothing for his state of mind. He brought his horse down to a walk and followed the fence line checking for bad boards or loose wire. As he slowly moved along in the distance he could hear a horse coming up. He turned slightly in the saddle and saw Maggie riding up beside him. The look in her eyes told him she was curious.
"You know Mallory's single and she's a real catch." She said with a large grin as she stared at her brother. It was so nice having him back home.
Ridge gave his sister a dark look. "Maggie I'm not looking for a woman right. Please don't play matchmaker little sister." He nudged his horse into motion and continued up the fence line.
"Now Ridge don't act like that. I saw the way you looked at her." She followed her brother up the fence line. "You've been so depressed since you returned and I think you need to have some fun. Before you left for war things were different, real different. I miss the old Ridge."
Groaning he stopped and turned to look at his little sister. "Maggie the things I've seen and done in the last couple years have changed me. I'm sorry to be a disappointment to you." He closed his eyes to shut out the memories as they came crashing in. "I know that you want to help but I just need some time to learn how to cope."
"Oh Ridge I missed you so much while you were gone. It's been wonderful having you back home. You could never be a disappointment to me." For a little while they rode in silence and then she turned back to her brother. "I guess I just miss the way we were before you left. We'd ride and talk and laugh constantly."
Something inside of Ridge melted a little as she talked. He missed their rides too. "Race you to the Creek!" With that he spurred his horse forward. 
With a laugh she raced after him and felt like she had the old Ridge again. Once they reached the Creek he turned and smiled feeling like his old self for a moment. He jumped down and walked around to help his sister down off her horse.
They flung themselves down into the tall grass and watched the clouds roll by. It was like old times just her and Ridge. When they returned to the barn his heart felt lighter and he had hope that maybe things were looking up. He hugged his sister warmly as he walked out of the barn. 
He climbed up into his truck and headed to the house, that's when he noticed Mallory's truck parked in front of the main house. Groaning he got out and walked up the front walk. Maybe he could go straight upstairs and avoid another run in with the new vet.
His hopes were dashed as he walked in the front door. Mallory and his father stood in the hallway talking. Both looked up as he hung his hat on a hook by the door. He ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. This was his luck here lately and it didn't look to change anytime soon. 
"Son, have you met Mallory yet?" The twinkle in his father's eyes made Ridge feel edgy. What was he up to?
"Yes dad, we met earlier in the barn." His answer was short as he headed for the stairs trying desperately not to make eye contact with the woman. The fact that just being in close proximity to her made him tingle all over was enough to drive him insane. 
Of course his father wasn't done with the conversation. "Ridge, dinner will be ready in about twenty minutes. Mallory is joining us, so please try to be on time." His father wasn't fooling him. The man was playing matchmaker and that only angered him further.
He continued up the steps without responding. As soon as he was in his room with the door shut he let out the breath he'd been holding. "Maybe I'll just be swallowed up by some unseen force." The thought of sitting across from that woman during dinner made him cringe. The feelings of dread made his mood worsen. 
One thing was certain; he needed to get out of this house quickly. Walking to the bathroom that joined his room, he turned on the water and turned to undress. Just thinking of the warm shower helped to sooth some of his tense irritation. He let the water run over his head for a few minutes trying to drown out his memories that suddenly pushed to the surface.
It was hard for him to concentrate when the images flashed before his eyes. What caused this flashback was a mystery to him. He could hear the gunfire as though he were there. The smell of acrid smoke and the scent of war filled his senses. Closing his eyes he ground his teeth in anguish. 
The sounds in his head were almost unbearable. He could hear men crying out in pain and bombs exploding nearby. The worst of the sounds were his screams of terror and anger mixed into one gut wrenching sound. His head fell back in a pained reflex as the memory took over and made his whole body rigid. 
A knock at the bathroom door brought him out of the flashback. "What?" He growled through clenched teeth.
Maggie's sweet voice drifted through the door. "Mom said to tell you dinner is ready."
Ridge knew he couldn't be with his family in this state of mind. But what excuse could he use? "Maggie tell mom I'm sorry, but I forgot I already had plans." He hated lying but for the sake of his sanity which was hanging by a thread he had to get out of here.
"Alright, but she cooked your favorite, fried steak and biscuits with gravy." Her voice held worry. Maggie had always been able to read his moods. "Are you alright?" She said in a low voice which held worry.
"Yeah sis, I'm fine, just running late." The feeling of compassion in her voice helped to sooth some of the horror away. "Tell mom to save me a plate for later."
He could almost hear the smile in her voice when she responded. "I'll tell her. Have fun tonight."
"Thanks, I'll try my best." He reached for his towel as he turned the water off. 

Chapter 4
Ridge walked into the local dance club and his senses were assaulted by the vibrating music that filled the air. He headed for the bar. Ty, the bartender grinned at his old friend. "Well, what brings you here tonight? Bars aren't your scene." 
He took a seat and reached for the basket of peanuts in front of him. "I had to get away for a while." His gaze scanned the dance floor before returning to the bartender.
"Since you don't drink, what can I get you?" Ty leaned on the bar casually grabbing a nut from the basket.
"Just get me coffee." He grunted as someone slapped him on the back. Turning he saw a man that at first he didn't recognize at first, but when he grinned it became clear.
"Ridge Cauthen, how are you? I haven't seen you since your return." The man sat on the stool beside him. 
For a moment Ridge just stared straight ahead, but the man continued to talk. "I heard you came home a hero. That's great man, I always knew in school you'd be one to reckon with." 
Ty brought his coffee and Ridge nodded thanks. He finally turned to the man beside him. "How's the family? Someone told me you have two kids now." Why was this married man here? Shouldn't he be home with Stacy, his wife? Ridge had dated Stacy steady in high school. He'd thought that they'd one day marry, but soon after graduation it became evident that they weren't a match. 
"Two girls, what a hand full. Stacy is home with them." He nudged Ridges shoulder. "I just had to get away for a while, too much to handle." 
Ridge bristled at the man's tone. If he had a family at home, the last place he'd be was a bar. Then he realized the thought that ran through his head was exactly what he was doing. He turned back to the man. "I'm going home to my family; you should do the same thing." He tossed some money on the bar and gave the bartender a nod.
The man beside him grunted in disgust. "What makes you the expert on relationships?" The man staggered forward and poked Ridge in the chest.
For once Ridge tried to control his temper. This man was drunk and he didn't want any trouble. Turning, he headed for the door, but the man pursued him. "Hey, didn't you hear my question hero?" He spat out behind Ridge. "Maybe you're jealous that you didn't marry my wife. Well, your loss my win. She wanted a real man."
The hair on the back of Ridge's neck told him this wouldn't end well. Turning to face the man, he placed his hands on his hips to tower over the smaller man. Ridge was an impressive six feet, three inches tall and pure, rippling muscle. Any sober man would be heading the other way, but this man was past the point of logical thinking.
"I heard you loud and clear, but I didn't seem to think it warranted a response. As for my relationship with your wife, that was over before the two of you ever dated and it wasn't for the lack of being a man, it was the point that we grew apart." He continued to stare the man down as he crossed his arms across his impressive chest in a pose of dominance.
The man turned to see the small crowd that had gathered to see what was happening. This spurred him on. "Well, isn't that sweet? You grew apart." He came dangerously close to Ridge's personal space. "If you weren't such a hard man to be around, maybe you'd still be with her." 
Why was this man pushing the envelope? He had to know he'd lose this fight. Ridge had no intention of beating this man to a pulp, but he was really close to decking him just to shut him up. The man evidently didn't know how short his tether was these days. Slowly he leaned toward the man and in a low tone he spoke, "I don't think you want to continue this conversation. I suggest you go back to the bar and get some really black coffee, then return to your family where you belong." He straightened back up and turned again to leave.
A gasp came from the crowd as the man hit Ridge in his lower back. It only made him grunt and turn. "Let's not go there. I don't want to hurt you." He desperately tried to contain his growing anger.
"Oh, I want to go there." The man spouted as he broke out in a sweat, raising his hands as though he were in a boxing match.
The crowd was growing and he knew it wouldn't be long before the police would be there. Rolling his eyes at the man's audacity he decided it was time to end this before it got out of hand. Before the other man could react, Ridge had him turned around and on the floor. "Now, go get some coffee and go home. I'm not in the mood for this and you're not in the condition." He growled in the man's ear.
Behind him the door opened and an officer stepped up beside him. "You can release him now Ridge." The officer reached down and put his hand on Ridge's shoulder. "Ty told us he was badgering you."
"He needs some coffee before he heads home Roger." He looked up at his old friend, the sheriff. 
"Sorry you had to put up with his drunken stupidity." Roger looked down at the man that was now almost dozing on the floor. "I'll make sure he gets home safe and sound. Stacy's probably worried about him."
"Thanks Roger." He released the man and stood up, dusting off the knees of his jeans. "I'll see you later." 
"Tell the family hello." He said as he pulled the man up to his feet and helped him over to the bar where Ty had a steaming cup of strong, black coffee. 
Ridge headed to his truck in a foul mood. All he'd wanted was to get his mind off things, but he'd almost ended up in a bar fight and he was completely sober. He'd never been a drinking man and it was a good thing.
Stepping up into his truck he took a deep breath. He closed his eyes and turned the key in the ignition, hopefully dinner was over with at home and all was quiet. 
His hopes were dashed as he pulled into the drive. Mallory's truck was in the same place. Well he had to face it sooner or later, she would be present on this ranch often, so he might as well get used to it. Groaning, he walked into the house and followed the laughter down the hall. 
The family sat in the dining room watching Chase tell an animated tale. He leaned in the doorway as his brother finished his story. Maggie looked up and saw Ridge. "There you are. I made your favorite dessert, strawberry shortcake with extra cream." Her eyes danced as she watched her brother walk over to kiss the top of her head.
"Thanks munchkin, that's what I need to clear my head." He smiled down at his sister. 
Their mother looked up at her oldest son. "Not before you eat some steak, gravy and biscuits." She was already up fixing him a plate.
"Mom, I can fix my plate." Since he'd been home from Iraq, she'd been waiting on him constantly. It was as though she thought he was helpless. 
"I know, but let me wait on you." She winked at him and handed the loaded plate across to him as he sat down beside Maggie. He noticed the grin on Mallory's face. The beating of his heart became pronounced and almost painful. No, he thought; keep her out of your head.
The family shared small talk until Ridge finished eating. Maggie and his mother cleared the dishes while his father and Mallory discussed the new horse he'd purchased. Then she stood up and thanked them for dinner, excusing herself.
Ridge sat for a while before heading up to bed, his thoughts on the pretty vet. The vision of her filled his dreams that night.

Chapter 5
Ridge was the first one up the next morning. He needed to check the cattle on the far range and make sure the newborns were doing well. When he walked into his office in the stable with his coffee he was surprised to see Mallory walking up from the stalls.
"Good morning." She said as she stepped into his office. "I didn't expect to see anyone this early."
"What are you doing here so early?" He sat down and took a long drink of his hot coffee. 
"I've got an early meeting with a ranch across the county and needed to check on Chase's horse. He thought he might have something wrong with his back leg, but it was just a little strain. I've iced it up and left Chase a message on what he needs to do when he gets to the barn."
"That man rides his horses too hard. I've always told him to be easier on them." His younger brother was the wilder one, thinking about nothing but the rodeo. 
She laughed, causing his heart to skip a beat. "Chase has his head set on the rodeo. I've tried to convince him it's not a good idea, but he doesn't listen to me." Rolling her eyes as she spoke.
Suddenly Ridge was jealous of his brother, but why? Was it because Mallory was having conversations with him? Did they have something together? Ridge's heart hurt at the thought. He used all his strength to push it out of his head.
"Well, Chase does have a stubborn streak." He commented as he looked down at his desk.
"Yes, he does. But I hear your stubborn streak is worse." She said in a quiet voice.
His head snapped up at her comment, causing him to become defensive. "I take it Maggie has been talking more than need be." He'd have a conversation with his meddlesome little sister. 
"I didn't mean to make you mad, it was just an observation." Struggling with her better judgment, she continued. "You seem really high strung and tense. Maybe you need to have some fun, get out and live a little."
He leaned back in his chair as he studied the woman standing in front of his desk. "And what do you suggest I do for fun?" The look he sent her way made her step back a bit.
This man made her squirm with something she'd never felt before and she couldn't quite put a hand on it. Was it anger, envy, or interest? "I don't know what you like to do." She shrugged as she backed up to the doorway. "There's a dance in a couple of weeks. You could always find a date and go let off some steam on the dance floor." 
"Oh I can think of several things to let off steam, but going to a crowded dance doesn't come to mind." He watched the blush creep up her neck and cover her beautiful face. 
She stammered with her reaction to his comment. "I was just making a suggestion." 
"Well, thanks for the evident concern, but I'm handling my 'stress' just fine." He stood and walked over to where she was rooted to the floor. "Are you offering to help me release my stress?" 
She gasped and looked up into his gorgeous eyes, mesmerized by his nearness. Clearing her throat she found her voice. "No, not at all, just commenting on the obvious." 
He grinned devilishly at her and walked past her, headed toward his horse. "Have a good morning, Mallory." The parting words spoken over his shoulder in humor as he gave himself a high five, realizing he still had it.
Mallory propped on the door frame to gain her senses. That man had the ability to make her speechless and that was a hard thing to do. She straightened and headed for her truck. Her heart was pounding like a thunderstorm in her chest as she pulled herself up into the truck. What a start to the day?
Ridge stepped into his horses stall with a grin. He'd made her stammer and blush. Maybe now she'd get the picture. He was unapproachable and happy to be alone for the time being. Women weren't off the table for him, but at the moment it wasn't advisable. 
He rode out of the stables and across the pasture, feeling the wind in his face. Smiling he watched the sunrise slowly in the far horizon. This would be a good day he could already feel it. Continuing forward he headed for the far field with purpose. 
The herd was in the far corner when he rode up. They looked skittish and that was unusual. It was evident that something had scared them. Looking around he saw something near the far fence in the distance. He turned and went toward the object. As he neared it his heart sank in his stomach. Lying in a puddle of blood lay one of the new calves. It had been mutilated by something.
Climbing out of the saddle he carefully walked around the scene trying to find a sign of what could've done this. Looking down at the ground he crouched down and saw paw prints. He ground his teeth together in frustration as he recognized it as coyote prints. From the looks of it there was more than one.
He stood and scanned the surrounding area, but there was no sign of the killers. Steam rose from the body telling him it was still warm. The kill had been made recently. 
Ridge climbed up in the saddle and rode toward the herd. He could see that several of the cattle were injured and needed aide. Reaching for his cell phone he called Chase to tell him to send help and supplies.
This would be a long process because the injured animals were mingled in with the other cattle as they huddled together. It was clear they were scared and wouldn't readily separate. He decided to wait for help to arrive. It wasn't worth the danger to have them scatter in fear and trample him.
About twenty minutes later he heard the Ranch truck and riders headed in his direction. Many years ago they'd cut a narrow road that led to the far field for just this scenario. It was easier to ride a horse out here because the road was terrible. 
He turned in the saddle and saw Chase, Maggie and Luke coming up on horses. Then he saw that Oakley was driving the truck, but his heart sank when he saw Mallory in the passenger seat. She should've been gone from the ranch by now. 
"Ridge, where's the dead calf? I want to take pictures for insurance and then we need to drag it away so that the scent doesn't pull in more coyotes." Luke said as he rode up to his brother.
Ridge led Luke to the carcass as the others went over to check the herd. When he looked back at the others, Mallory glanced up and their eyes locked for a moment. She was the first to look away with a blush. He grinned and turned back to his task. Yeah, she'd taken the hint.
Luke jumped down and checked the direction of the retreating paw prints. "It looks like they went back up the hill to the north. We can put the carcass in the ravine that should keep the scent away from the pastures."
They worked together to get the carcass on the tarp and headed toward the gate at the back of the pasture. By the time they'd disposed of the dead calf the others were working on the injured cattle. At least it was only about half a dozen that were injured.
"Ridge it's a good thing you thought to come out to check on the new calves. If not we might not have any cattle left by the looks of these injuries. The larger cattle seemed to fair pretty well, but the older weaker ones took the brunt." Oakley said as he motioned toward the cow he was working on. Mallory had to administer mild anesthesia for the ones that needed stitching up. 
Mallory walked up and looked grim. "Two of the worst ones will need to be put down. Their injuries are beyond help and one of them is pregnant."
Oakley looked up at the vet, "Is the pregnancy far enough along to save the calf?"
"It looks like it is, but we need to get her back to the ranch." 
"I'll pull the trailer in and we'll get her loaded up." Oakley walked toward the truck that was on the other side of the fence. That left Ridge and Mallory standing alone. The tension between them was thick enough to cut with a knife.
Ridge was the first one to move away without a word. She just stared after him as he walked toward where Chase was stitching up another cow. Maggie turned and walked over to stand with the vet.
"What's up with you two?" She asked with a secret grin.
"He's a hard man to read." Mallory turned to Maggie with a grin. "I guess that's a cowboy for you. They don't let many people in and when they do it's for life." She wasn't letting him get her down.
Maggie secretly wondered if Ridge liked Mallory. He was usually at least polite, but with Mallory he was just plain out rude. "He's change a lot since his time in Iraq. I guess that would have an effect on anyone." She shrugged as Oakley backed the trailer up to load the cow.
The loading wasn't easy, but the brothers worked together and managed the task. Oakley took his time driving back to the barn. He didn't want to cause the dying cow any further stress or pain. This was hard on him because he cared so deeply for all the animals on the ranch. 
When they arrived back at the barn, their father was waiting on them. He had put clean straw in the biggest stall. This wasn't their first emergency birthing and it wouldn't be the last. Death and birth were a big part of ranch life, but it still wasn't easy on any of them.
As soon as they had the cow in the cushion of the hay, Mallory went to work on the caesarean procedure. In less than fifteen minutes from arriving at the barn the calf was born. He was healthy and usually they'd cheer at the birth, but it was the death of the mother that tamped down the celebration. 
Maggie wiped down the baby as the mother would. Then their mother arrived with formula especially kept for calves. They smiled as the baby hungrily lapped at the bottle, not yet sure about it. Tears formed in Maggie's eyes. Ridge put his arm around her shoulder and hugged her. 
"Good job Mallory." Mr. Cauthen said as he knelt beside the vet. She placed her tools in the towel he handed to her. 
"It was a team effort." She looked over at the calf and smiled. "I'm just glad we could save him. He's a healthy calf and that was luck in itself. The injuries to the mother were close to the womb. I was concerned that the baby would be injured."
He gave her a pat on the back and stood up. "Ridge has good instincts and this morning it was a life saver." Looking over at his son with a grin he continued, "Let's head up to the house for lunch."
Ridge cleared his throat uncomfortably. He'd never liked the spotlight and this wasn't an exception. He merely nodded toward his father in respect and headed toward his office. Maggie followed him curiously. 
"What a crazy morning?" She said as she slumped down in the chair beside his desk.
"That's for sure." He pulled his phone out of his pocket and checked the time. "You better head to the house or mom will have your head for being late for lunch."
Laughing she stood up, "Ok, I'll leave you alone but I do have a question."
"When don't you have a question?" He leaned back in his chair and gave her a withering grin. 
"Why are you so rude to Mallory? You just met her yesterday and she's really great."
Leaning forward with a groan he pulled his hat from his head, placing it on the desk. "I'm not rude to anyone. She just rubs me wrong."
"Ha, I think she rubs you right and that's what bothers you." She started out the door quickly before the wad of paper hit her.
"Drop it Maggie." He ground out through his teeth as she retreated. Then his mind went crazy with thought. Was Maggie right? 

Chapter 6
For the next couple of days Ridge managed to stay clear of Mallory. He left the barn early and came back late. Most of the time he spent working on the fencing near the back field. The work was hard and hot, but it kept his mind occupied. Every time her face came into his mind he'd work harder. By the time he came back in the evening he showered and went straight to bed.
Then one evening he returned late and found Mallory and Maggie in the stall with one of their mares. It was evident that something was wrong. He stopped and watched as Mallory listened to the horse's stomach.
She looked up and straight into Ridge's eyes. A blush spread across her face as she looked back down at the horse. Maggie jumped up when she noticed her brother. "She's got a case of the colic. Mallory is hoping the treatment she'd tried will help."
Ridge leaned on the side of the stall door and watched the vet. She had sure hands as she examined the horse. Even he couldn't deny her ability to do her job. "What caused it?"
Without looking up, Mallory responded quietly. "Probably a change in feed, but Maggie said that they were grazing in a different field right now. Sometimes it's just a change in diet." She put her stethoscope to the horse's stomach. 
He straightened and turned to go out of the barn. Maggie stopped him before he got a few feet. "Where are you headed? I thought maybe we could go grab a burger."
"I need a shower first." He grinned at his little sister and reached out to tousle her hair like a little girl. 
Groaning, she reached up to straighten her hair back out. "Don't do that, you know it annoys me."
"Yes, I know." He laughed as he walked out of the barn and up toward the house.
Maggie turned back to watch Mallory. "Well, what do you think?"
"It's not too bad. I think we can treat it with meds. At least you caught it early." She stood up and reached into her bag for a syringe. Soothing the horse as she administered the medicine her mind went to the man that filled her dreams. He was a hard man to get to know and it was evident that he didn't want to get to know her. 
When Mallory left, Maggie walked home. She was excited about having dinner with her big brother. The time he spent in Iraq was hard on her. He was her hero and she wanted to regain the relationship they'd shared before the war took him away. As soon as she stepped into the house her heart told her it would never be the same again. Ridge had changed and the effect of war scarred him, probably for life.
Ridge knocked on Maggie's bedroom door when he finished his shower. She called for him to come in. "I'm almost ready, just sit down for a minute." Maggie sat at her dressing table brushing her hair and pulling it up into a ponytail.
"Can I ask you something?" Her gaze met his in the reflection as he stood behind her, evidently deciding not to sit down.
The tense jerking of his jaw told her that questions made him wary. "Can I stop you?" Then a grin spread across his face as he finally sat down on the edge of her bed.
"No, but I wanted to be polite." She stuck her tongue out at him then continued. "I hear your cries at night and ?" For a moment she chewed her lip as sudden unsure emotions assaulted her, but quickly she pushed them to the side, "Ok, I know you don't like to talk about your time in the warzone, but I was wondering if you might want to talk, if you thought it might help with the nightmares?" 
When her eyes ventured up to meet his, they were dark with deep emotion and uncertainty. He ran his fingers through his hair in frustration and turned his back to her. She knew the move well, he'd used it plenty since he'd been home. The move was evidently his security blanket to keep the world from seeing any emotion.
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have asked, but I worry about you." 
His shoulders slumped as he continued to stare at the door. "I know you do and I love you for it, but I'm handling this in my way. Don't worry about me." He turned back to face her as she stood up. The sadness in his eyes tore at her heart, causing her to walk up and wrap her arms around him, laying her head on his chest.
Ridge wrapped his arms around her and kissed the top of her head. "I want the old Ridge back, the one that laughed and enjoyed life." She closed her eyes as his familiar scent permeated her senses. While he was gone she'd sometimes slip into his room and lie on his bed inhaling his scent. 
"The old Ridge is gone Maggie. I'm sorry, but the things I've been through have touched something inside of me and destroyed my heart, possibly forever." Tears formed in his eyes as memories flooded his mind.
Maggie shook her head vigorously and looked up at him. "He's still here," she put her hand over his heart, "and I know you'll find him." Then to lighten the mood she grinned. "I know a lady who'd jump at the chance to find your heart." 
That brought out a laugh. "And who is that?" He thought she was talking about herself.
"Mallory." She winked at him and headed for the door quickly, leaving him standing in stunned silence. When she turned back to see what his reaction was, it was evident that he'd noticed the new vet. "Don't you see it?"
"Maggie, don't play matchmaker. I'm no good for anyone right now." He walked up and put his hand under her chin. "Let's go grab a greasy hamburger." 
Shrugging her shoulders, Maggie grabbed his hand and they walked down the stairs. "I thought we'd try the new burger place. It opened a couple of weeks ago and everyone says it's great." She talked all the way to the truck.
Ridge couldn't help the slight grin as his sister continued to talk nonstop all the way to the restaurant. When he pulled into a parking space he turned to look at her. "Aren't your jaws sore?" 
At first she looked at him with a blank, confused look, but then it came to her what he meant. She popped him on the arm and giggled. "Welcome home big brother. Now that's the old Ridge." 
They walked into the little fifties style restaurant and sat down at a window booth. Each booth had a mini jukebox which made Maggie giggle with excitement. "Oh Ridge, this is so cute. Let's play some cool music." Quickly she dug out some change and started selecting music.
He groaned as she picked a song and started the jukebox. The waitress took their order and walked back around the corner, glancing back at Ridge. She winked as she rounded the end of the counter.
Maggie didn't miss a thing in the exchange. "I think that waitress has a crush on you." She turned back to grin at him as he turned to stare out the window. "Didn't you notice the way she was looking at you and then winked?"
"Yes Maggie, I noticed." His bad mood had returned. It was hard to stay in an up mood these days. When he looked around at his sister she was frowning. "Sorry Maggie, I just don't pay attention to stares anymore." His meaning was lost on her, but not on him. Since he'd been home he was constantly noticing the stares from people. Usually it followed with a barrage of questions about his war time and injuries. He just couldn't take much more of it.
"Look Ridge, you're a good looking man and women notice. It's hard not to." She went quiet as the waitress brought their sodas. When she walked back to the counter, Maggie continued. "My friends love coming to the ranch so they can catch a glimpse of one of my brothers. It gets annoying, but it's the truth. You can't hide from it, so embrace it." 
For a moment Ridge was quiet, then he looked up at her. "Maggie, most people stare because they're curious about my time in Iraq. I'm uncomfortable talking about it and I get really tired of people staring at me everywhere I go."
She almost snorted as she laughed out. "Ridge you sad man, women stared at you before you went into combat. Don't you know you're gorgeous? Women fall all over themselves when you or any one of my brothers is around. How I became the ugly duckling I'll never know." She grinned when her little joke hit him just right. Although Maggie wasn't conceited, she knew she was breathtaking, but it never went to her head.
"Cute, real cute," His heart warmed slightly at his sister's attempt at humor. The waitress brought their cheeseburgers and fries. "Just eat your greasy, cheese covered burger and pound of fries." 
They ate their meal and carried on small talk. She was happy to have her brother to herself for a change. The old Ridge slipped through every once in a while, but then he'd quickly return to the hard edged soldier.
He surprised her on the way home with an ice cream cone from her favorite place. They both ordered chocolate dipped with sprinkles. The girl behind the counter almost drooled as she stared at Ridge. Maggie just rolled her eyes and enjoyed her cool treat. 
When they walked back in the house Maggie gave him a hug and kiss on the cheek. "Thank you Ridge. I enjoyed our night together. I've missed my big brother." She ran up the stairs singing happily. 
He stood for a few minutes at the bottom of the stairs. It was good to be home, but he still didn't feel right. Finally he forced himself to go upstairs and get ready for bed. Why did he even try to sleep? The nightmares came when he laid down and some days he couldn't even stand the thoughts of trying. Maybe he needed to rethink therapy. His friend Joshua was seeing a local therapist and seemed to be feeling better about things.

Chapter 7
The nightmares got worse in the next couple of days. Ridge became edgier as the sleepless nights took hold of him. One morning as he walked out to the barn to saddle his horse for the morning ride the horse wasn't in the stall. The latch was splintered.
Ridge quickly ran down the row of stalls checking for his horse. When he reached the end his horse was nowhere to be found. Chase walked in the double sliding door as Ridge turned back to saddle another horse. 
"Chase have you seen Blaze?" 
"I saw him yesterday when I put my horse up, but I had a date last night and didn't come back down here." He followed Ridge back down to the main office. "What are you doing? We need to go out and look for him." Chase looked a little confused as Ridge grabbed his binoculars. 
"I've got a bad feeling he went after that wild mare that roam near the west field, but I've also seen signs of those coyotes around the fence line." As he spoke he unlocked the safe behind his desk and grabbed two rifles. "We need to find him before they do."
Taking a rifle from his brother, Chase knew when Ridge had a bad feeling it was usually spot on. "We need to split up to cover more territory. Oakley has a final today, but Luke is at the house, I'll call him to help search."
"Search for what?" Maggie walked up as Chase called Luke.
"Blaze broke out of his stall during the night." Ridge rushed past her and grabbed a saddle from the tack room. 
"I'll help you search too." She grabbed her saddle and walked over to her horses' stall. 
Ridge stopped beside her. "Maggie, you'll stay with Chase. I don't want you getting hurt."
She immediately put her hands up to argue. "Ridge I'm old enough and capable of riding out to help look by myself."
Chase walked up and put his hand on Maggie's shoulder. "Ridge saw more coyote prints out near the west fence. If they've gotten the taste of blood, you could be in danger." 
"I'll carry my rifle. I'm as steady with a gun as you two are." She was furious but knew the futility of arguing with her overprotective brothers. "Fine, I'll follow Chase."
"Good girl." Chase laughed when she stuck her tongue out at him. "At least we know you'll be safe."
The three saddled their horses and rode out of the barn. Luke joined Ridge just past the first gate. They rode in a wide berth trying to cover more ground. The west pasture was the furthest from the barn so it took them almost ten minutes to get there. 
Ridge stood in his saddle looking out to the far fence line. "There he is Luke." He just could make out his black horse in the back corner under a huge oak. 
They turned and rode hard across the pasture. Ridge held up his hand to slow Luke before they were half way to the horse. "Hold up Luke. I knew Blaze looked strange in his stance." He pulled his binoculars out and scanned the area. "Just as I feared, the coyotes are at the edge of the fence." 
Luke waited for instructions. He trusted Ridge's instincts and knew he'd know exactly how to handle this situation. Slowly Ridge pulled his rifle from the saddle holster. "Luke, get ready. We'll have to take them by surprise." He looked over at his younger brother. "You go around to the right and I'll come in from the left. From the looks of it, they've killed the wild mare and only injured Blaze."
Making their way around each side of the injured stallion and coyotes they came in slowly. The coyotes were trying to get at the injured horse, but he was strong willed and kept them at bay with well-placed kicks. 
Ridge pulled the rifle up to his shoulder and Luke did the same. When Ridge gave the signal they shot the two coyotes and quickly headed toward the stunned horse. The rifle fire had shocked Blaze, but soon he recovered and bolted between the two men. They rounded on the startled horse and quickly stopped his advance. 
Before his horse came to a stop he jumped off and started soothing his treasured Blaze. He'd seen more blood than he cared to remember and for a moment the sight of the large gashes in the horse's side and legs made him close his eyes. He had to get a grip on his emotions. 
The memories came flooding in with a vengeance. He went to his knees in despair as the scene before his eyes unfolded. Joshua was by his side as they scaled the wall. Brock was two steps behind them on the cell phone, calling for back up. They'd been surrounded and were making their way to the safe zone. 
Joshua looked over at him and the fear in his eyes told him they were in deep trouble. His childhood friend had been assigned to his regiment only six weeks earlier. They worked well together. A sudden whistling sound made them stop and look up. Then Brock cried out and when he looked back he was covered in blood. 
Ridge went to his knees beside his friend as Joshua grabbed the med bag from Brocks side. He quickly put gauze on the wound and called for help immediately. The chopper would be there in just a few minutes but Ridge could see that it wouldn't arrive in time to save his fellow soldier. Brock had been under his command for the last two years. He was a good man with a family back home.
The glazed look that came into Brocks eyes as he tried to speak made Ridge's heart hammer in his chest. He'd seen it so many times, the look of death. "Please see that my children are alright, ok Ridge?" 
Ridge grasped his friend's hand tightly and leaned forward. "They'll be taken care of Brock. I'll go see them as soon as I can get back stateside."
Then with a gasp he was gone. The man who'd saved his life many times was gone in less than ten minutes. The chopper landed and they carried the fallen soldier back to the base. 
A hand on his shoulder brought him back to reality. "Hey man, let's get Blaze back to the barn."
Ridge looked up at the horse's wounds and knew he wouldn't make it back to the barn. "We'll need to take care of these wounds first. He's lost a lot of blood."
"I'll call the barn for supplies." Luke called Chase to get them headed back for medical supplies. When he turned back to his brother the look in his eyes was haunted. "He's a strong horse. I've seen worse injuries before and so have you."
"I know Luke, I'm just glad we were able to get two of those coyotes out of our hair." 
"I'll go pulled them out of the pasture. We don't need any others following the smell of fresh meat." He pulled himself up in the saddle and rode toward the dead coyotes.
Ridge tried to calm Blaze as he waited for reinforcements to arrive. It would take a miracle to save his horse, but he'd do whatever it took. There was something about cowboys and their horses. He reached up and stroked the horses' neck and watched the riders coming up from the barn. His father or Oakley must've joined them because he could see three. 
Groaning he realized it was Mallory. That wasn't what he needed to see at the moment. He turned back toward his horse and let out a steadying breath. The horse turned his head and looked toward Ridge as though he was feeling his pain.
Mallory was the first to climb off her horse. She grabbed her bag from the saddle horn and quickly accessed the damage. "I need someone to help me sedate him. He'll be a little more comfortable."
"I'll help with whatever needs to be done." Ridge said gruffly from his position by the horses head. 
She looked up at him and made a face that told him she wasn't happy to see him either. What brought that look on? Maybe she'd finally gotten the message. "Fine, but I was hoping Oakley would be here to help."
His head snapped up at her tone. "I can do whatever he can." The bite in her tone told him she wasn't happy with him about something. Maybe it was his comments the last time they spoke. It also didn't set well with him that she'd rather have Oakley by her side.
"I was meaning he is training to be a vet and has some experience." She bit back as she filled a syringe. "Chase, place the tarp on the other side of the horse so that when he lays down it will be on it."
It didn't take too long for the sedative to start to make the horse unsteady. Finally he knelt and fell to his side. Thankful that the injuries were all on one side. As soon as the horse was down, she went to work. 
"Wash your hands with this." She thrust a bottle of alcohol mixed with water. "We don't want him dying of infection." Her eyes never met his as she spread out her supplies on a cleaned edge of the tarp.
"What can I do to help?" He leaned forward.
"You can hand me tools as I ask for them." She examined one of the deeper gashes. "First I'll need to clean these wounds out. We don't know what those coyotes have under their claws." 
He watched as she carefully washed the wounds out with the other bottle of liquid. Once they were clean she turned back to her spread of supplies. Efficiently she set up sutures and bandages. 
"When I ask for the sutures had them to me one at a time." 
"No problem." He sounded a little brisk as he answered her. The tone she was using was making his anger rise. 

Chapter 8
It took Mallory over two hours to suture up the wounds and put medicine on the cuts and abrasions. He knew she was exhausted but it never showed in her work. The impressive efficiency of her work impressed him and that didn't happen often. 
Maggie and Chase went back to the barn to help with the hay that was delivered. Luke only stayed a little longer, but soon went back too. Their father needed help with the hay delivery. 
Mallory finally sat down on the edge of the tarp and took the water Ridge offered to her. She drank heavily from it and wiped her brow. "We can't move him for several hours. The heavy sedation will not wear off for a couple of hours and then it will be a long trip back. Once he wakes and tries to stand we'll have to make sure he doesn't tear open the sutures."
Ridge looked up at the clouds that were circling overhead. "I'll ride back to the ranch to get a canopy before that rain hits."
"That's a good idea. It looks like it should be about an hour or two out." She looked back at the horse. "These sutures don't need to get wet."
He rode hard back to the barn. Time wasn't on his side as he loaded the canopy on the back of his horse and Maggie brought out sandwiches from the house. When he arrived back Mallory was checking the horse's vitals. 
"How's he doing?" He jumped down and quickly started assembling the canopy that they used for emergency situations. 
"He's holding his own, but it may be touch and go for a little while. He lost a lot of blood." She continued checking the horse as he pulled the canopy overhead. It was in place only moments before the rain started. 
Ridge gathered rocks to place under the edges of the tarp to keep the rain water from running onto the tarp. She was surprised at his quick work. Then he pulled the side down on all four sides. This would keep the blowing rain out. When he stepped back into the enclosure he placed their saddles on the edge of the tarp behind Blazes head. 
"This is great. I take it you've had to set up emergency camp before." She said as she opened the sandwich he handed to her.
"A couple of times. I learned about the rocks under the edge of the tarp while in combat. Although we didn't see a lot of rain, when we did it was important to stay dry." He sat down across from her and ate his sandwich.
"You did really well helping me earlier. Thanks for that." She took a drink from her water, then looked up at him seriously. "I'm sorry for my earlier anger. I guess I was just a little upset from our last chance meeting." 
"It's fine. I have that effect on most people. As for my help, I had to administer medical help several times on the battle field. It wasn't always easy, but it had to be done to save my men." He leaned against one of the saddles.
"How many did you lose?" She was curious about his time at war. From the stories she heard from Maggie, he was highly decorated for his service. 
He didn't answer her for a few minutes as he chewed his sandwich. Clearing his throat he looked up into her gorgeous eyes. "I lost five of my men and many friends from other units." 
"I'm sorry for asking." She looked uncomfortable for a moment. "I know you probably don't want to talk about it."
"No I don't like to talk about it." His voice held more emotion then he wanted it to. For some reason he couldn't control his emotions around her. "Let's talk about something else."
"What would you like to talk about?" She raised an eyebrow at him in question.
He grinned devilishly. "Why aren't you married?" 
The question took her off guard. "Well, I've never found the right man." Looking down at her hands she tried to hide the look on her face, but he saw it before she managed to look away. 
"But you thought you did at one time?" 
"Yes, I was engaged to a man in college. I thought he was the one, but when I found him cheating on me, let's just say I'm glad I didn't make that mistake." 
"He's not much of a man if he cheated on you. You're a beautiful woman and from what I can see a very nice one. Good thing you found out before you married him." Anger bubbled up inside him at the thought of someone hurting her. Why was he so affected by her?
"Well, it didn't help that it was my best friend he was with." The hurt showed in her eyes as she looked up at him.
"Not much of a friend was she?" He sat up and pulled a bag of cookies from his knapsack. "Here, have one of mom's homemade chocolate chip cookies."
"Thanks." She said as she took one from him. Their fingers touched briefly but the bolt that went through both of them was intense. 
They ate their cookies in silence as each tried to figure out what just happened. He knew there was an attraction between them, but he also knew it wasn't good, or he wasn't good for anyone right now. She didn't need an ex-soldier with anger issues. 
The rain seemed to grow heavier as the sound grew to a low roar overhead. Thunder rumbled in the distance. He was glad that the poles were plastic, but he didn't relish the thought of being in the middle of the pasture with a lightning storm.
She looked slightly out of sorts as she pulled the tarp apart and looked out at the storm. "I think it's going around, or at least I hope so."
"You're safe in here." He felt immediate protective instincts. The thunder rumbled again and she jumped. 
Slowly he moved over to where she sat. "What made you want to be a large animal vet?" He knew he had to keep her mind occupied.
Smiling she looked toward the horse. "My father was a large animal vet. I would go out with him on calls and I just fell in love with the thought of doing it myself. When I graduated from high school I received a scholarship and I never looked back."
"I bet he's proud of you." 
A sad look came across her face. "He was killed in an accident a couple of years ago."
"I'm sorry. What about your mom?" He didn't realize he'd moved closer.
"She died of cancer when I was five. I don't remember her well. My father tried to keep her pictures around so that I didn't forget her face, but I can't remember her voice anymore." 
"That must've been hard for a five year old to face." He put his hand on her shoulder as she shivered. The damp air and growing darkness made the air chilled. 
"It was hard on both of us, but dad made it as best he could. He never remarried. I don't think he ever dated anyone either. If he did, it was kept from me." She looked up at Ridge. With darkness creeping in, his face was shadowed, but she thought she saw compassion.
"Let me light the lantern Luke sent." He pulled it over closer and lit it. Soon the light was a warm glow surrounding them. 
"That's better. I need to check on Blaze." She quickly checked his vitals. "He seems to be doing well. We need to keep an eye out for any movement. When he wakes we'll have to keep him calm."
She sat back down beside him and felt the heat coming from his nearness. Then a clap of thunder jolted her toward him. He easily caught her in his arms as she lost her balance. 
Her gaze found his and they stared at one another for a long moment. He knew he shouldn't kiss her, but his better judgment flew out of the tent when she ran her tongue across her lips. The kiss was light at first, but when the thunder rumbled again he deepened it. The electrical charge inside the tent was higher than the lightning outside. 
His arms wrapped around her as he pulled her onto his lap. When her arms came up around his neck he groaned and deepened the kiss. He lightly stroked her back as the kiss grew heated. Neither of them realized when the storm passed and the rain stopped. The pounding of their hearts was loud as they explored the possibilities of the kiss they shared. 
He knew it wasn't a good idea, but he couldn't help the feelings she pulled out of him. It had been a long time since he'd kissed a woman. His heart was pounding hard in his chest as he suddenly pulled back. This couldn't happen, not right now in a tent in the middle of the pasture. What was he thinking?
Quickly he placed her back in her place beside him and he stood up. Running his fingers roughly through his hair he turned his back on her. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have done that." 
She touched her lips lightly and smiled. "It's alright for you to show feelings Ridge. It doesn't make you less of a man." Standing up she reached out and touched his shoulder.
"Don't, please don't. I'm not a whole man right now and you deserve more than I can give." When he turned back to speak the other side of the tent opened and Oakley stepped in. 
He gave Ridge an apologetic look as though he realized he interrupted a private moment. "Do I need to step back out for a moment?"
Ridge spoke quickly and with a rough edged voice. "No, there's nothing here to interrupt. Thank goodness you're here."
Mallory stood shaking in the wake of their kiss. Her heart was affected and she felt as though she could burst into tears. He'd just brushed her off as though she was nothing. "I need some air." She walked out of the tent and left the brothers.
"What did I interrupt?" Oakley said as he grinned at Ridge.
"Just help me get this horse awake." When Oakley stood grinning and not moving he let out an impatient breath. "Look Oakley, you didn't interrupt anything, just a moment of lapsed judgment."
"It's about time you let your judgment lapse if you ask me." 
"Drop it Oakley, now." The tone of his voice made his younger brother go silent, but the grin was still there. 
"How's Blaze?" He knelt down and checked the horse's eyes.
"Doing well thanks to Mallory. We're just waiting for him to wake from the sedative." He picked up his knapsack and walked over to place it on his saddle.
"Looks like it might not be too long. His eyes are moving slightly."
Mallory stepped back into the tent. They looked up at her and she blushed. "Did you say his eyes are moving?" She knelt down beside Oakley. "Maybe he'll be up soon and we can get him back to the barn."
The horse was on his feet in another thirty minutes. They checked his sutures and walked him out of the tent. Ridge put his saddle on the other horse and then picked up Mallory's saddle.
"I can saddle the horse myself." She said in a huff as she watched him saddle her horse.
"It's the least I can do." He turned and looked at her without any sign of what happened earlier. "Thanks for what you did to help Blaze."
"That's what I do." She said and turned to go back to check on the horse. "He's ready for the walk back home."
Oakley walked over and pulled his jacket off to place across her shoulders. "Here Mallory, you might need this, it's a little chilly out here." 
Ridge bristled at the easy communication between Oakley and Mallory. Why did it bother him so badly? They were great for one another. Oakley was going to college to be the same thing she was. Why not let it be?
"I'll walk Blaze home so you two can head back to the barn." He climbed into the saddle and grabbed the reins to the bridle Oakley put on Blaze.
"I need to stay with you since he might open a suture." She stepped up into the saddle and rode up to the other side of the horse. 
"It's cold Mallory. I can handle it if anything happens. Just go back with Oakley." 
"I'm a big girl and can handle a little chilly air." She looked at him daring him to say anything else. At this moment all she wanted to do was slap his arrogant face.
Oakley looked uncomfortable and decided he'd go ahead and prepare a clean stall for the horse. "I'll just meet you two at the barn." He rode off without waiting for a response. These two needed some alone time he thought as he started across the dark pasture. It was a good thing he knew it like the back of his hand. 

Chapter 9
The ride back was slow and they had to stop several times to check the horse. When they finally arrived back at the barn the stall was cleaned and ready for them. Blaze stepped into the stall and looked glad to be home. 
"I'll stay with him tonight to make sure things go well." She said as she put her saddle in the tack room and came back out to settle in.
"No ma'am, I'll stay with my horse. There's no sense in you sleeping in this dark barn all night." 
"Don't argue with me Ridge. He's my patient so you can just scoot on up to the house." She turned her back on him and settled into a chair beside the outside of the stall. 
"You're the most stubborn woman I've ever met. Why can't you just let me stay with him?" He put his hands on his hips and stood in front of her, not swaying in the least.
"Ridge, I do this all the time. It's part of the job and I don't mind." She tilted her head back and closed her eyes. "So go home and let me do what I get paid to do."
With a sound of aggravated fury he walked to his office and grabbed a chair, placing it on the other side of the stall door. He sat down and leaned back, settling in for the night too.
She turned and groaned. "And you called me stubborn." 
He grinned and kept his eyes closed. This was a battle of wills and he'd win.
Her body relaxed and she drifted off to sleep. Sometime later she woke to find herself lying in the hay inside a stall. Turning as she heard someone breathing, she found Ridge sleeping in the corner behind her. He'd evidently carried her in here and wrapped her in horse blankets. Smiling she snuggled into the fresh hay and went back to sleep.
When she woke a little later she walked in to check on Blaze. A hand on her shoulder made her jump. "Sorry. How's Blaze?" He knelt beside her as she examined the wounds.
"He's doing just fine. At least the sutures are holding." She checked the vitals and stood up. "I think he'll be fine in a week or so." 
"Good to hear. Why don't you go on home?" He could see she was tired. Reaching out he pulled a piece of hay from her hair. 
"I might as well stay here. I'll need to administer more pain meds in a couple of hours, then I'll head home." She walked back into the other stall and lay down, pulling the blankets back over her. He followed her and propped in the doorway watching her. "What?" 
"I was just thinking that you're an amazing woman." He said as he sat back down in his corner of the stall.
"Thanks, but you can go home. I've got this Ridge." She said as she yawned and stretched.
"I'll stay too. Just get some sleep." He watched her as she slipped back into a deep sleep. It amazed him how beautiful she was. If things were different he'd love to pursue a relationship with her, but sadly they weren't. He was broken and needed to get things right before he tried a relationship. She filled his dreams as he dozed off. At least this night he had good dreams and as long as she was in his dreams the bad stayed away.
Just before dawn he woke with a neck ache. Turning his body slightly he lay down on the hay beside Mallory and stretched out. Yes, this was better. Smiling he dozed back into a deep sleep. The nightmares came with a vengeance and he woke to Mallory leaning over him. 
"Ridge, wake up! You're having a nightmare." Her eyes were filled with sleepiness and he couldn't help but reach up and push a tendril of hair back that hung beside her face. As soon as his fingers touched her soft skin he was lost. 
Slowly he pulled her face down to his and before he could think about his actions he kissed her. It was a kiss filled with unspoken promises that wouldn't be kept. If only he was whole, this would be perfect. With that thought he pushed her away and stood up to find Chase leaning in the doorway of the stall.
"I was planning to clear my throat or something, but I was glued to the scene." He grinned as Mallory covered her face with the blanket and Ridge growled with frustration, pushing past his brother.
"Next time knock." Ridge said on his way up the middle of the stalls.
Chase laughed loudly. "There's no door to knock on big brother." He reached his hand out and helped Mallory to her feet. "Sorry I interrupted such a beautiful moment."
"That is the most infuriating man I've ever met." She said in a huff as she walked into Blaze's stall.
"You have to overlook Ridge. He's always been a little edgy, but since he came back from Iraq he's been downright icy." He watched as she gently checked the injuries.
"Well, I've about had it with his hot and cold act." She looked up at Chase, "Blaze is doing well." Mallory put her things in her bag and stood up. "I'll be back later to check on his progress."
Chase put his hand on her shoulder. "Don't give up on him. I see the way you look at him and I know that look in his eyes when you don't think he's looking." Clearing his throat he continued. "Let's just say I see something there that might be worth exploring, but he needs patience?" grinning before he said the last few words, "oh and therapeutic kisses from the local vet might help too."
She couldn't help but grin at his attempt to make her feel better. "Thanks Chase. I'll do my best, but his icy side has a bite and I don't like games."
"Believe me, he doesn't play games." His tone changed as he saw Ridge walking back toward them. The ice back in his eyes.
Mallory looked down at Chase's hand on her shoulder and back at the look in Ridge's eyes. He actually looked like it bothered him that his brother had his hand on her. Well two could play this game. She reached up and gently stroked Chase's cheek.
"Thanks for everything." Leaning up she kissed his cheek and walked by Ridge without a glance. Take that Ridge Cauthen and chew on it for a while.
Chase knew immediately what she was up to and he admired her spunk. Ridge fumed beyond furious and he loved that too. If she could get a rise out of him then she was good.
"What was that all about?" He stopped by Chase and gave him a hard look that would have made lesser men shrink away from fear.
"Wouldn't you like to know brother?" Chase started to out of the barn then turned. "Oh, Mallory said Blaze was doing well and she'll be back later to check on him." Then he whistled a happy tune as he left the barn.
Ridge stood there for a moment trying to clear his head. What just happened? One minute she seemed interested in him and another she was kissing Chase. Well, maybe that would be better for them both. 
All day his mind went back to the two shared kisses with Mallory. His heart hammered with just the mere thought of her. Shaking his head he put a bale of hay in one of the troughs. As he stepped back into the barn he came face to face with her.
She gasped as she took in his shirtless chest. Then she had to force her gaze away as she saw the scars. All she wanted to do was take the hurt away. He'd suffered for her freedom and now he suffered for his freedom from the memories. Turning back to look up at him, she reached out to touch the scar in the middle of his chest.
Closing his eyes he grasped her hand in his and they stood in silence. When he opened his eyes she had tears in hers, which tore at his heart. Escape was all he could think about. Her touch was more than he could stand and the pity in her eyes made him ache.
Quickly he let go of her hands and turned back out of the barn. For a long while she stood watching him walk to his truck. As he tore out of the yard she wondered if he'd ever be whole again. She'd heard of men that had been at war never getting better. 
He drove to the one place that helped him forget for just a moment. It was just on the border of their property. As he parked his truck under the large oak tree his heart felt lighter. Walking to the clearing just beyond the woods he could hear the rushing water. The sound was deafening and it helped to crowd out his thoughts and memories. He walked up to the waterfall and dove into the cool water. The water rushed over his body as though healing him. Why couldn't he let her heal him? 
The dip in the icy water was what he needed, but it didn't wash away her face. Every time he closed his eyes she appeared. Maybe Oakley was right, he needed to have a lapse in judgment. 
The sun felt good on his sore muscles as he laid on a rock to dry. He let his mind drift to the night he'd shared with her. The kiss in the tent was intense and then the one in the stall, well it took his breath away. But how could he make her happy? 
As he drove into the main drive to the house his heart dropped when he realized she was gone. Her truck wasn't there and neither was Chase's. Were they together? Something deep inside clenched as he thought about her in his brother's arms. What if they started dating steady, could he handle seeing them together? 
Maggie was coming up from the barn as he got out of his truck. "Where's Chase gone?"
"I don't know. That boy could be anywhere. He's a hard one to nail down, you know that." She laughed and put her arm through his as they walked up the path to the house. "Why? Did you need him for something?"
"No, just curious." 
"I checked on Blaze while I was in the barn and he seemed better. Mallory gave him some meds for the night so he should rest easy." She grinned at her brother when he made a face at the mention of the vet's name.
"She isn't coming back to check on him?" 
"Probably not, she had plans, so I'm sure she'll just come back tomorrow." That tidbit of news would stew in his mind for a while.
"Well, I'm glad he's better. I'll check on him after dinner." 

Chapter 10
Blaze healed nicely over the next week. He barely saw Mallory and when he did she acted as though he wasn't around. Ridge knew he deserved her anger. You never kiss a woman and walk away. 
A week after the injury Ridge walked into the barn to find Mallory in the stall with Blaze. She was checking his vitals as he leaned on the stall door. "How's he doing?" 
Mallory jumped when she heard his voice. She'd been daydreaming about him at that moment and then he appeared. "He seems better?" Her voice cracked and she took a deep breath, "but the sutures need to stay in for a couple more days."
He watched her as she put her instruments away with shaky fingers. "Thanks for all you've done to help him." Crossing his arms across his chest he wondered what she was thinking about as she stared down at her bag, lost in thought.
"Yeah, sure, it's part of my job." She stood up and walked by him without another word. 
What was up with her today? That's the first time she'd acted like that toward him. "Did I do something?" He said to himself.
"About what?" Luke said as he walked up.
"Oh, nothing, just talking to myself." He waved it off and walked to his office. Maybe things were progressing with Chase. It made him feel out of sorts to think about them together. 
The same thing happened the next couple of times he was near Mallory. She acted as though he was a stranger. He did see her talking with Chase a couple of times. The sound of her laughter as Chase leaned in and told her something made him groan. 
Ridge's mood became almost unbearable to the whole family. He walked around with a scowl and even Maggie couldn't muster a smile from him. Finally after a couple of days of the snapping and grunting responses Chase cornered his brother. 
"That's enough of the over the top sour attitude. If I hear you snap one more time I think I'll deck you." He stood in the doorway of Ridge's office with his arms crossed in a stance of serious business.
Ridge shoved his fingers through his hair and slumped his shoulders. "What sour attitude? I thought I was always Mr. Softy." He ground out between his clenched teeth as he looked up at Chase. This was the one brother he'd avoided as much as possible. If he avoided him, he could avoid her. 
"What is up with you? The last week you've been plain out nasty and that's saying something considering your usual cheerful self." Chase knew it had something to do with Mallory, but she was avoiding him like the plague. Maybe that was the problem, he'd used his Ridge charm on her and she'd run for the hills.
"Chase let's just say I'm having a bad week and leave it at that." He sat back and studied his brother for a minute. "Shouldn't you be out on a date or something? I mean it is Friday night and you usually have a woman lined up somewhere. Maybe Mallory's waiting on you to call." Somehow he wished he could take the last bit back, but since it was out there maybe he'd find out the truth.
For a minute Chase was quiet. Why would he mention Mallory because he wasn't dating her, but then it hit him? Ridge's bad mood started right after his horse was injured and he spent the night helping Mallory care for the horse. Then he grinned, Mallory had kissed his cheek that morning and Ridge seen it. He'd looked like someone had murdered his favorite horse.
With a plan coming into his mind he looked up. "You're right, I need to give her a call. Maybe she'd free tonight." He turned to leave, but stopped. "Thanks for the reminder bro." Then he headed out of the barn to call Mallory. This plan had to work and if it did, things should get a lot better.
Ridge sat watching Chase's retreating back. Great, just great, his suspicions were confirmed, they were seeing one another. This day was getting worse by the minute. He stood up and walked out to his truck. What he needed was to get his mind off Mallory?
Chase watched Ridge pull out of the driveway and head toward town. He knew exactly where his brother had headed, Beau's Bar & Grill. Pulling his phone from his pocket he called Mallory. When he asked her to dinner she seemed a little surprised, but then he explained that he wanted to talk to her about a horse he was looking at. She suddenly became interested and accepted the dinner date. 
They met at Beau's thirty minutes later. The waitress led them to a booth near the back. As they followed her between the tables to the side of the dance floor he spotted Ridge sitting at the bar. Grinning he put on his game face. This would be an interesting evening.
The waitress took their orders and went to get their sweet teas. Mallory grabbed a chip from the basket in the middle of the table and dipped it in the salsa. "Well, what kind of horse are you looking at?" She'd wondered why he'd called her about the new horse. He had amazing horse buying skills. 
"Oh, it's this horse from the local shelter. I thought maybe you could check him out for me. You, know, make sure he's healthy." He took a bite of his chip and looked back toward the bar. 
"I'd be happy to check the horse out. When did you want to go by the shelter?" She said as she chose another chip.
The waitress placed their drinks on the table and walked back toward the kitchen. "I thought maybe Monday afternoon if you didn't have plans."
"I'm actually scheduled to be at your place anyway, so I'll just meet you at the shelter before I go out to the ranch." 
Chase looked back to see that Ridge was finishing his steak. Just the right timing to make the next move in his plan. "Would you like to dance?"
For a minute she was a little stunned. This was supposed to be just friends discussing business. "I don't dance well." She stammered, not wanting him to get the wrong idea.
"Oh, I don't mean anything by the dance, I just love this song." He stood up and reached for her hand. "I'm a great leader on the dance floor. Come on, it'll be fun."
She finally gave up and took his outstretched hand. Chase made a wide circle around the tables, walking along the side of the bar. He knew Ridge couldn't miss them passing by. As they passed by where he sat, Mallory suddenly stopped. When he turned to see why she stopped her gaze was riveted on Ridge.
Chase grinned and slapped his brothers back. "Well, look who decided to come to the same place. What a coincidence?" He was playing this to the hilt. "Enjoy your steak, we're headed to the dance floor."
When Mallory didn't budge he cleared his throat. "Mallory honey, the dance, remember?" 
She looked back at Chase and then back at Ridge feeling the need to explain why she was here with his brother. "We came here to uh? to discuss a new horse? and have dinner." She stammered miserably.  
Ridge turned to face her fully before he responded. "You don't have to explain it to me. It's great that you two are dating." It took everything he had not to jump up and bolt from the restaurant. His heart pounded in his ears as he slowly took in her pink blouse and black jeans. She was beautiful.
"We're not dating Ridge, just discussing horses." 
Chase leaned in toward her, "My song is almost over." 
"Oh, sorry." She frowned at Ridge and followed Chase onto the dance floor. 
He quickly pulled her into his arms as the song ended and a slow ballad started. Ridge was riveted to the couple and Chase played the part well. His hand stroked her back and he gazed down at her, even though she didn't look up at him. It was alright, because his plan was working. 
Ridge sat feeling lost for a moment. She'd made sure he knew they weren't on a date, but why? He'd seen something flicker in her eyes as she'd stood staring at him. Turning back around to keep from going crazy he motioned for Beau to refill his glass. 
"Can't believe Chase is dancing with the vet." Beau said as he poured fresh tea for Ridge. "I didn't see her as his type because he doesn't date the same woman twice." 
"It's a little odd, but I guess it's what they want." He took a sip of his tea and his old friend continued leaning on the bar, watching the couple.
"Funny thing is she doesn't look real comfortable in his arms. If I had to gauge that couple, I'd say she wasn't in it for romance." He motioned for Ridge to see it for himself. 
He turned and looked at the couple again. Beau was right, she looked miserable. Chase looked up and caught Ridge's gaze. Winking at him as he leaned in and whispered something to Mallory. She looked around and saw Ridge looking their way. The look on her face was unmistakable.
Before Ridge knew what he was doing his feet were leading him toward the couple. He tapped Chase on the shoulder. "I'm breaking in." He said as a statement, not a question.
"It's about time." Chase said with a huge grin as he put Mallory's hand in his brothers. 
"What?" Ridge and Mallory said in unison as the three of them stood in the middle of the floor. 
"You two need some time together. So enjoy yourselves." He tipped his hat to Mallory and turned to go over to talk with Beau.

Chapter 11
Ridge pulled her into his arms and they started to sway to the music. For a long moment they were silent. She was enjoying his arms around her and he had his mind on her in his arms. Her gaze slid up his chest and then to meet his gaze.
"I think we've been set up by my brother." His voice cracked slightly as he spoke.
Smiling, she blushed. "I think you're right." The blush deepened as he pulled her closer.
Leaning down he whispered, causing chills to run up her spine as his breath caressed his ear. "I'm glad he nosed into our business." For once he had to just go with the feel of the moment. Holding her in his arms made him feel like he could conquer the world. Maybe with her in his arms he'd finally heal.
She laid her cheek against his chest and he tightened his arm around her. Closing her eyes she imagined a life with this strong man. He was every woman's dream. How could she avoid falling in love with him? Realizing at that moment it was a fact, she was in love with Ridge Cauthen. A shiver ran through her as it sunk in.
"What're you thinking about?" He'd felt her shiver and saw the grin. His heart was hammering in his chest as she looked up into his eyes. Had he fallen in love with the vet? Was it possible for his heart of stone to actually soften?
"Just thinking about how good your arms feel around me." Then she turned serious. "But I want to know why you've pushed me away over the last couple of weeks." 
"I didn't want to hurt you." He leaned his forehead against hers. "I'm still broken Mallory and I don't know how long it'll take to get back right, but I think with a little patience I can be whole again." 
Tears formed in her eyes and she spoke from her heart. "Oh Ridge, I'll give you all the patience you need if you'll let me help you." Reaching up she gently caressed his cheek. 
Lowering his head toward hers he whispered, "I hope you mean that." Then he kissed her so gently that she almost melted. He cradled her face in his gentle weathered hands as he deepened the kiss. Neither realized they'd stopped moving and the other dancers were smiling at the couple so in love. 
Chase clapped his hands together and turned to Beau. "I'm good, so very good." 
When Ridge pulled back slightly, he looked down into her beautiful eyes. "Do you want to go back to the ranch for a moonlit ride?" He wanted to get her all to himself without all these eyes on them. He'd developed a second sense when he was in Iraq and he could definitely tell when people were looking at him.
"That sounds fun." She pulled up on him and kissed him quickly on the lips. 
He grasped her hand and they walked over to where Chase lounged against the bar looking smug. "I'm hurt that you'd kiss my date on the dance floor in front of me." He feigned hurtful eyes. 
Mallory laughed and gave him a hug. "Thank you. You may try to be the cool guy but sometimes you're really sweet." She looked up at Ridge and winked. 
"We're heading out. I'll talk with you tomorrow." He gave Chase a look that spoke volumes. Then he shook his hand and walked with Mallory over the table to grab her purse.
Walking hand in hand out to the truck, Mallory was almost giggling she was so happy. When she looked up at Ridge he was smiling a little and that was definite progress. He pulled his keys out of his pocket and unlocked the door. Opening her door he helped her up into his large truck, but he stole a kiss as soon as she was seated. 
He reached across and held her hand between them as he drove toward the ranch. Turning he looked at her profile. She was a confident woman and he admired her hard work. 
"Have you ever been on a moonlit horseback ride?" He asked just before they turned into the main drive.
"Not for fun. I've been on several rescue missions in the light of the moon, but never just to be out there in nature for the enjoyment." Smiling she looked over at him and took a deep shuddering breath. He was breathtakingly handsome and sometimes when she looked at him, it felt like he wasn't real. A thrill went through her thinking that he wanted to be alone with her. 
"Well, you're in for a treat." He leaned forward to check out the moon through the windshield. "It's a great, bright moon tonight so it'll be nice. Before I left for Iraq I did this as often as possible. I have a favorite place that I'd go when the moon was bright like this."
"It's a beautiful night that's for sure." He drove past the house and down to the barn. 
When he went by the house he noticed a car in the driveway that he didn't recognize. His parents must have company. He shrugged it off and got out, walking around the front of the truck to help her down. 
He saddled one horse and turned to help her up. When she stood looking from the horse to him and back again he laughed. "What's wrong?"
"Where's your horse?" She said as he helped her up onto the horse.
"I'm riding with you." He pulled her foot out of the stirrup and slid up to sit behind her. "Is that alright?" His breath feathered across her cheek as he leaned forward to grasp the reins.
"It's alright with me." For a moment she sat a little forward feeling awkward, but he put his arm around her waist and pulled her closed. Finally she loosened up and settled back against his body. 
They rode in silence for a few minutes as they made their way across the first pasture to the wood line.  "The place I'm taking you is on the other side of the woods." He turned the horse into the forest that ran along the fence line.
Once they were in the thick part of the forest the darkness surrounded them, but the moonlight filtered through in places so that the horse was able to walk unheeded.
An owl called out overhead, causing her to jump. He grinned and pulled her close, leaning in he nuzzled her neck. "You're safe with me."
She turned her face slightly with a smile. "I know, but it startled me." He took the opportunity to kiss her. Then he stopped the horse for a moment because of the awkward way she turned her body. 
"Let's rearrange for a minute." Without missing a beat he put his arms under her arms and lifted her easily off the saddle causing her to gasp as she was unsure of what he was up to. Then he turned her around to sit sideways on the saddle. "Now, that's much better." 
Then his lips were on hers again. One of his hands held around her waist as the other tangled its way into her long hair. She smelled heavenly and it made him light headed. 
When he pulled back only a mere inch from her lips, he leaned his forehead against hers. "What have you done to me lady? I can't seem to get you out of my mind." Closing his eyes he pulled her to his chest and held her as though she were the most precious treasure.
"It's hard to read you Ridge Cauthen. By the way you've acted lately I thought you couldn't stand the sight of me." She felt the rumbles of humor in his chest as her head laid on it lightly.
"I'm sorry for that. I guess my siblings have told you I'm not the easiest person to get along with. When we shared that first kiss in the tent the night Blaze was injured, well, it scared me." He looked up toward the moon shining through the tree limbs.
She leaned back and looked up toward his face, but the darkness cast shadows on his face so that she couldn't make out his expression. "Why did it scare you?" Curiosity took over.
For a moment he didn't answer her. Could he open up to her yet? Would it make her run screaming away from him? "Let's just say I'm a broken man. I came home barely sane and I'm having a hard time dealing with my emotions. I guess I was afraid to care. Actually I'm still afraid." When he looked down at her the moonlight sparkled from his watery eyes.
It tore at her heart that he'd suffered so much for her freedom. The things he'd been through were horrible and no man should have to go through it. Slowly she reached up to stroke his cheek. She was surprised to find wetness on his cheeks. 
She felt suddenly like she needed to do something to take away the obvious pain he was feeling. The only thing she could do was to get his mind off the past. Winding her hand up and around his neck, she pulled him slowly to her. The kiss she bestowed on him was mind blowing. Her plan worked because he was lost in the kiss. 
Groaning he pulled her as closed as physically possible. Then thinking better of it, he gently pulled back from her questing lips. "Let's get to the place I wanted to show you before we do something that we'll both regret." He kissed the tip of her nose and nudged the horse forward as she leaned her head against his chest.
The clearing was visible just ahead of them. As they left the forest and started across the open pasture she saw a large old oak just ahead. The tall old tree was massive and the closer they got the larger it seemed. Once they made it to the old tree he stopped the horse and climbed down. 
"Stay right where you are for a moment." He reached behind the saddle and grabbed a rolled blanket she hadn't noticed before. Quickly he spread it out just under the branches of the tree. 
"What are you doing Ridge?" She laughed as he reached up to help her down.
"I'm helping you experience the moonlight. This is the only way to enjoy a beautiful clear night." They walked over to the blanket and he dropped down on one side of it, patting the empty space beside him. "Come on down, I won't bite." He winked at her and she almost missed it in the darkness.
She lay down beside him and looked up at the night sky. It was simply gorgeous. The stars seemed to be brighter and the moon looked larger. "Why do the stars seem brighter here than at the barn?" 
"Out here there's no light contamination. It's all nature." He turned to look at her. "I told you it was amazing."
Turning her head she smiled. "It's amazing and I'm glad you brought me out here to see this."
"I have to be honest Mallory, this isn't the only reason I brought you out here." His heart was hammering in his chest as he wondered where he needed to start. 
"What's the other reason?" She turned on her side and propped on one arm. 
"I've made it obvious that I've been struggling, but I haven't spoken with anyone about it. I did see a therapist, but it wasn't working." He turned on his side and faced her. "I don't know exactly what this is between us, but I want you to know that I'd never do anything to harm you. You know that, right?" 
"I know you wouldn't hurt me Ridge. If I was afraid of you I wouldn't come out here to the middle of nowhere with you." She reached out and grasped his hand.
"I sometimes have bouts of temper and when memories cloud my mind I'm down right hard edged. Please don't run away if I act like an idiot and say things wrong." He squeezed her hand. "I promise to try hard to do better." 
"Ridge I want you to be comfortable talking to me. Don't shut me out." She moved closer knowing it wasn't a good idea, but not able to stop. "Please let me into your world."
Reaching out her touched her cheek, "I want to let you in badly, but right now I don't know if I can. The memories are still too raw. One day I promise to tell you everything if you'll be patient with me." 
"I'm a patient woman if you haven't noticed yet." Tears formed in her eyes as she felt the pain in his heart through his words. 
He felt a tear slip over his finger. "Please don't shed any tears for me. I'm not worth your precious tears." With that he closed the distance between them and pulled her into his warm embrace. He held her for a long while. Right now all he needed was the comfort only she could provide.
They held one another for over an hour. It was the most intimate, precious moment she'd ever shared with a man, or anyone for that matter and all they did was hold one another.
Before he left for Iraq, just holding a woman close wouldn't be enough, but with Mallory it was more than that. It was life itself and it made him feel almost whole again. 
He'd felt his phone vibrate earlier, but he ignored it. When it vibrated again he decided it might be urgent. The text was from Oakley. 'You're needed back at the house.'
Ridge sat up and pulled Mallory with him. "I'm sorry, but something is going on at the house."
"Let's get back then." They folded the blanket together and made the ride back.

Chapter 12
The car he'd seen earlier was still at the house when they rode up to park in the front drive. A familiar feeling rolled over him as they walked to the front steps. As soon as they opened the front door he had an ominous dread spread through him.
Mallory saw the change in his demeanor as he closed the door. She grabbed his hand and squeezed it to let him know she was there. His face was unreadable as the hard Ridge slipped in and took over. 
They walked into the den to find Oakley, Luke, his parents, Maggie and Joshua, his old friend that served with him. "Joshua, what are you doing here this late?" He walked over and embraced his friend.
The look in Joshua's eyes told him it was bad. "Ridge I'm sorry this isn't a pleasure call."
"Spill it Josh." Ridge sat down and Mallory joined him as he grasped her hand tightly. She was his sanity safety line. 
With a pained expression Joshua turned to look out the window he was standing beside. This was the hardest thing to do. Ridge was making progress and this would set him back again. Finally, taking a deep breath and resolving it was the only way, he turned back to his old friend.
"I received a call this afternoon regarding Sloan." He walked toward his friend slowly. 
Ridge knew something was wrong and it was bad. He released Mallory's hand and stood up. "He's dead." It wasn't a question, but a statement. 
"Yes, Ridge, he's dead." He placed his hand on Ridge's shoulder in comfort.
"How?" It was only one word but a powerful one. He had to know how he was killed. Where it happened?
"He was doing a security sweep inside a building when a bomb went off. They said he was killed instantly." Joshua looked down at Mallory and saw the tears. She hurt for Ridge and in that moment he knew his friend had found love.
"What are the plans for the service?" Ridge tried to remain calm, but the rage inside of him was straining to explode. His friend was dead and he felt helpless. He soldier inside wanted to find the rogue bomber.
Joshua could see the emotion in his friend's eyes. He knew Ridge was hanging on by a tether and maybe he needed to get him out of the house for a few minutes. "Let's step out on the porch and talk." It was spoken as more of a command and not a request. 
Stiffly Ridge stood up and walked out the front door, leaving Mallory not sure how to react. He'd been so rigid with an emotion she couldn't quite understand. Joshua glanced at her before he walked out and gave her a slight smile. It spoke volumes to her. His small show of support told her that he had things under control.
Once they were on the porch, Ridge released a ragged breath and turned toward Joshua. "Now that we're out of earshot, tell me everything." His voice was rough with the anger that took over his body. 
Joshua told him everything he knew, which wasn't much but it seemed to make Ridge calm a little. "His parents are holding a memorial service this weekend. They want you to be a pallbearer along with myself and a couple of other guys from our unit. I told them I'd ask you and let them know."
"I'll be glad to honor him." His answer was clipped in tone, but when he turned back to look at the barn emotions overtook him and he ground his teeth together. Just when he was getting a grip on reality this hit.
"They also wanted to know if you'd say a few words at the service." The tension in Ridge's back told Josh that he was trying hard to hold together. He understood that fight well. The barely held tension in his own body was almost palpable. 
Silence stood between the two soldiers as they thought about their friend.  "Tell them I'd be glad to speak for my friend and fellow soldier." His voice dropped low as frustration slipped inside his heart. The old familiar feelings were coming back in and he'd tried so hard to push them away. Closing his eyes he reached up and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Josh, was he under Rodgers command when he went into that building?"
Knowing the reason behind the question Josh turned to look out across the dark yard. "Does it matter now?"
"To me it does." Ridge slowly walked over to the railing and drew in a deep, cleansing breath. "That man needs to be out of command. Too many good men have died because of his stupidity." Slamming his fist into the railing he turned to his friend. "You know it and I know it."
"But what can we do about it?" The feeling in his gut told him this wasn't over.
"I still rank higher than he does and I plan on heading to the head of the command as soon as we lay Sloan to rest. He'll be at the funeral." With determination he knew what had to be done. This wasn't a trend he wanted to see. Looking back toward the house he thought of Mallory. She sat inside waiting on him to return to her side. 
"Ridge, go back to her. Let her help you through this and don't let your stubborn pride mess up what I see in the look between you both. Move forward, don't start the trail backwards." He reached out and put his hand on his shoulder. "Sloan made the choice to be where he was and both of us were there not long ago. Let it go."
"Thanks for coming out to tell me about Sloan." He closed his heart and shook Josh's hand. "I'll see you at the funeral. It's late and I need to get Mallory home." Turning he walked back into the house. Joshua walked to his car knowing his friend was headed into a tailspin. Hopefully Mallory could bring him out of it.
His father came up beside him as he entered the house. "Son, I'm sorry about your friend. I also understand the feeling that's taking over your heart right now, but there's a woman in that room that needs you and you need her. Don't let it take over, it's not healthy." 
"Dad I'll be alright." He walked into the den and Mallory stood up. "Come on, I need to get you home."
She said her goodbyes to the others and followed him to the truck. It was evident in the way he held himself as they strode down the path he was struggling. This is where her psych classes hopefully would come into play.
He opened her door, but before she climbed into the truck she turned to him, placing her hand on his arm. "Ridge, don't slip away from me, not after we've finally found one another. Let me in, please."
The look he turned on her made her flinch, but she didn't back down. She straightened her spine for the words that followed the look. "You don't understand this and until it's solved I'm no good to you or anyone. Get in the truck so I can take you home."
Determined to be as stubborn as he was she put her hands on his chest and slowly ran them up and around his neck. Pulling herself up on her toes she placed a light kiss on his lips and at first she didn't think he'd respond.  
His heart started to hammer in his chest. Trying desperately not to respond because he wanted to keep his anger close by. Then suddenly his heart overrode his brain, reaching out he grabbed her around the waist and pulled her into his embrace. The kiss deepened to a heightened level as he let out his frustration in the kiss. As the kiss continued, he felt a slight healing of his anger, but it was still there in the corner of his mind.
A truck pulled up beside them, but neither noticed until someone started clapping behind them. They reluctantly pulled apart to see who their audience was. Just beyond them stood Chase with a huge grin. 
"Now that's what I'm talking about." He walked up to them. "Hey man, I'm sorry about Sloan. I met Josh in the drive."
Ridge's eyes glazed over as the mention of Sloan's name brought some of the edge back. "Thanks Chase." He released Mallory and helped her into the truck. 
Chase turned and winked at Mallory before he walked down the path to his cottage that was beside the house. He shared the cottage with Oakley. The war in his brother's eyes worried him, but the kiss he'd witnessed might actually melt his icy heart. 
Mallory sat in the silent truck watching the road in front of them. Ridge had slipped back into his anger again. She knew that with some work he'd be alright. Focusing on that she hoped to help him as best she could.
When they reached her front door he looked down at her. Reaching out he gently stroked her cheek. "I know this night didn't end as you'd hoped or even I'd hoped, but I want to thank you for not running away when my anger emerged."
She looked up into his eyes, those gorgeous deep blue eyes full of pain and memories. In that instant she knew what she had to do. "The night hasn't ended yet." Reaching up she pulled him close. "The night ends when you get into your truck." With that said she kissed him quickly. 
Then she pulled back. "Now the night has ended better. All things can be made better with a little help." She smiled at him and pulled her key out. "Go home and get some sleep. We've got a big day tomorrow."
For a moment he wondered if he'd forgotten something, then he saw the grin on her face. "What's the plan for tomorrow?" 
"Just pick me up at eight in the morning." She turned the key in the lock and walked in. "Goodnight Ridge." With that she closed the door.
He stood looking at the closed door in shock. Then shaking his head in amazement he walked to his truck. She wasn't letting him get caught up in his anger and the fact that she wanted to help made him feel warm all over. For the first time in a long time he felt hope, but the fear that he'd slip back into the dark place stayed close by.

Chapter 13
The nightmares were bad that night. Ridge woke just before dawn drenched in sweat. He sat up and covered his face with both hands in frustration. Why couldn't he get past the nightmares? Slowly he put his feet on the floor and with a heavy heart walked to the bathroom and stepped into a hot shower. The water beat down on him as he tried to wash away the visions.
His cell phone vibrated bringing him out of his thoughts. Wrapping a towel around his hips he stepped out of the shower and checked the call. It was Mallory. Closing his eyes, knowing the last thing he needed to do was be close to her when he felt like this. So, quickly he sent her a simple text explaining that something came up and he had to take care of it.
No response came back from his text. That surprised him as he stood looking at his phone. Maybe she'd been pushed too far. His heart clenched just thinking about hurting her. For the first time in years he actually felt some sliver of hope, but until he pushed these dreams out, he wasn't good for her. She deserved better.
Slipping out the front door quietly as the rest of the house slept he made his way to the barn. He wasn't surprised when Chase was already in the barn. "Good morning brother."
Ridge poured himself a cup of coffee in the office and took a long sip of the hot liquid. It did nothing for the sinking feeling in his gut. "What's good about it?" He said as he walked by his brother and into the tack room.
When he came out with his saddle Chase gave him a quizzical look. "Where are you headed so early?" Chase said as he put his rodeo rope in a bag.
"To tell you the truth I have no idea." In all honesty he didn't know where he was headed, but he knew it would be a fast ride to clear his head. 
For a moment Chase didn't respond. He continued to pack his rodeo supplies as he glanced up at his brother. The troubled look on his face told him this wasn't the time for a lot of questions. Between all the brothers, Chase and Ridge were the closest. Oakley had his head in the books with Vet school and Luke was younger, filled with girls and such. Chase knew him well and his mood wasn't anything new.
Ridge saddled his horse and walked him out of the stall, noticing for the first time what Chase was packing. "I thought you'd put the rodeo thoughts aside." 
Zipping the bag and putting it over his shoulder, he grabbed his saddle and hoisted it into his arms. "I'm riding a charity event today. It's nothing, just a favor for a friend." He grinned and winked at his brother as he headed out of the barn. "I'm not leaving till later."
Ridge called after him, "Good luck and stay safe. I hope she's worth it." Sadly Ridge shook his head and climbed into the saddle. His younger brother had rodeo in his blood but his responsibilities to the family ranch kept him close to home and away from his dream. One day that pull would tear him apart, he was all too aware of that. He'd dreamed of being a soldier and one day he joined against his father's wishes. Deep down he knew it was the right thing to do and so did his father. 
The morning was cool and serene as he rode out of the barn and toward the open pastures. Nudging his horse he sped across the pasture, feeling the horse let go and give it all he had. His horse was made for speed and these moments of unbridled speed were exhilarating. Unfortunately today he didn't feel the thrill as he normally did. Flashes of Mallory kept slipping into his vision. He'd let her down today, but one day she'd understand why. Wouldn't she?
He rode hard for a little bit and then slowly brought his horse down to a walk. As he headed toward his favorite spot he remembered last night. It had felt right to bring her here. She was an amazing woman and he felt honored that she'd give him a second look. Most women would run screaming from a man with his issues. 
Sloan crossed his mind and he thought about the upcoming funeral. Could he hold it together to speak in Sloan's honor? He knew that his responsibility was to give a good memorial of his friend. How many of these had he spoken at since he'd been home? It was sickening the useless killing, but it was part of a soldier's life. When you signed on it was a possibility that you'd come home in a box. 
Going over what he'd say as he rode, he didn't hear the rider slowly coming up behind him. Then his second sense told him that he wasn't alone. Turning slightly he saw Mallory coming up beside him. He felt his heart melt as he looked into her eyes. He'd been a fool not to go to her this morning. 
"Something told me this is where you'd be. I told you last night to let me in. If you don't, then I can't help you." She stopped when she was alongside him. 
Hanging his head as she spoke, he knew she was right. "I've been fighting this alone for so long that I just naturally try to do it all. What did you have planned this morning?" When he looked up into her gorgeous eyes he saw a depth he hadn't noticed earlier. 
"I'd planned on taking you on a picnic and being the person I am, I have it with me." She put her hand on the bag hanging from the saddle. "I don't give up easily. Let's find a good place to sit down and talk."
Quietly they rode toward his favorite spot. Once there he jumped down and helped her down. She spread a blanket and sat down with the picnic bag. He watched as she pulled out croissants, cheese, fruit and bottled waters. 
His stomach grumbled at the sight of the food. He'd forgotten to eat breakfast as he hastily left the house this morning. Sitting down on the opposite side of the blanket he took the warm croissant she offered him. It was warm and buttery as he took a bite. 
"I went by the bakery on the way over here. They'd just came out of the oven. I love these things a little too much." She took a large bite and closed her eyes in pure delight. "Oh my goodness, if I bought these everyday I'd be so big the horses would run from me." She giggled making him smile for a change. It was nice to see that smile spread across his handsome face.
For a long while they sat silently eating their breakfast. She watched the expressions that crossed his face. He was deep in thought and didn't notice her observations. Once he screwed his face up in frustration and she wondered what he was thinking. 
When he finished his bottle of water and sat back she knew it was time to talk. She knew deep down last night that things would be rocky and he'd need patience, but her heart told her that what he needed mostly was a sounding board that was nonjudgmental. 
"Ridge, can I ask you something?" She leaned back on her elbows letting the morning sun warm her.
"Would you listen if I said no?" He said as he lay down on his back and looked up at the limbs of the old oak tree. 
"Probably not because I'm stubborn if you haven't noticed yet." She grinned when she heard him grunt in agreement. "Come on Ridge, you need to talk to someone and why not let it be me? I did minor in psychology."
"Have you ever been at war?" The tone of his voice made her turn toward him.
"No I haven't Ridge and I'm all too aware that you have, but let me tell you something. It's about time you come back home and leave the war in Iraq. We're not a desert here and you're not at war with us." She propped up and looked at him with a purpose in her stare. "What you did for our country is beyond words, but you're home now. You're no longer having to watch your back and wonder if you'll be killed today or tomorrow."
The look he gave her was hard, chiseled stone. "I know I'm home. I also know that many of my fellow soldiers haven't come home and won't, unless it's in a pine box." He sat up and pushed his fingers through his hair. "When I shut my eyes at night and let my mind relax, the memories come back with such a vengeance that sometimes I wake up not sure if it was a dream or reality. Loud noises make me break out in a cold sweat and shake."
Slowly Mallory made her way across the blanket. "I won't even pretend to understand what you've seen, but I do understand that for you to get past it you have to learn to forget. I know it's hard to understand, but it's something you need to try." She placed her hand lightly on his shoulder. The tension radiating from him was thick.
He looked around at her and she saw the raw pain shining back at her. "I saw three of my friends blown up by a roadside bomb. One of my friends was shot while he stood beside me. So many of my men came home without arms, legs, or both. I was lucky to come back with only scars."
"What are your scars from? If you don't mind me asking." She said in a low voice.
Grasping the bottom of his t-shirt he pulled it over his head. Pointing to a jagged scar across his ribs on his left side he said, "This one is from a roadside bomb that killed my friends. I was in the hospital for a week." Then he pointed at several marks that dotted his back. "These are from a grenade blast near a school. We were evacuating the children. Thankfully we'd moved all the children before the attack."
She reached up and slowly touched the jagged scar and traced it, causing him to shiver. "This must've hurt badly. You're lucky to be alive." Tears filled her eyes as she touched each scar tenderly. 
Ridge wiped away one of the tears that escaped. "Don't cry for me. I made it home in one piece. A lot of the guys don't." He put his hands under her arms and lifted her up onto his lap. "You're a special woman."
"No, just a curious one." She tried to smile but it went lopsided. "I'm so humbled by you and what you've been through. I feel so? I don't know the word." 
He pulled her into his embrace and held her. The tears that were slow to come now flowed freely down her face and dripped down his abdomen.
Suddenly she felt his body shaking and realized he was crying too, actually he was out right sobbing. This was what he needed to cleanse his mind. She wrapped her arms around him as he continued to sob. Ridge was a man with a heart and his cries told her he was on the road to mends or at least she hoped so. 
After a long while his sobs subsided and he became still. She wondered what he was thinking. When he pulled back from her embrace his expression was masked. Gently he lifted her off his lap and placed her on the blanket beside him. 
"I don't know what just happened and I'm not even sure why it happened, but I need some time alone." 
Mallory didn't recognize the man before her. One moment he was sobbing and the next moment he was hard edged Ridge Cauthen the soldier. He was like a rotating door. Her head was spinning from the change.
"Ridge, you don't need to be alone. I think you made a huge breakthrough just now." She tried to touch his arm but he flinched away.
"I'll see you back to the barn." He stood up and started loading her bag as she sat and stared at him. "You need to stand up so that I can fold the blanket."
Knowing it was no use trying to get him to be reasonable she stood up and snatched the blanket from him. Two could play this game and she'd play it like an expert. "Ok, Ridge I get it. You're embarrassed because you actually opened up and revealed you have a heart." She put the blanket on the back of her horse and stepped up into the saddle. "Well, I'm here if you need me, but I can't handle the yo-yo affect. It makes my head hurt." She turned her horse and rode, fast and hard back to the barn.
Ridge dropped to the ground and wondered what was wrong with him. He'd probably messed up any chance with Mallory. Maybe it was for the best.  

Chapter 14
Mallory arrived at the barn as Chase was starting out to get hay. "Hey Mallory where you headed in such an all fire hurry?" He grabbed her reins and waited for her to catch her breath. It was evident in the stormy look on her face that something was wrong.
She pointed behind her and almost growled in frustration. "That brother of yours will be the death of me. He's the most frustrating man I've ever met and I just can't deal with him and his mood swings today." Swinging her leg over the back of the horse she stepped down and snatched the reins from Chase.
He grinned that charismatic way and draped his arm across her shoulders. "I told you he's a complex man."
"Well that complex man is on his on for a couple of days to think about it. I'm heading to Florida to get my head on straight." She unbuckled the girth strap and pulled the saddle from the horses back in quick motion. "I'll send Mack out to help with the shoeing tomorrow."
"Don't run away Mallory. That's not the answer." Chase tried to reason with her, but he could see there was no use. Her mind was made up. Maybe a little time apart would mend raw wounds.
"When I return he's getting a piece of my mind and then I don't know where we'll be, but I have to get back to normal." Then she placed the saddle on the rack and walked toward the door. "I'll call your dad before I leave."
"Have a good trip and stay safe." He waved to her as she climbed in her truck and left. Ridge had messed up royally this time and he needed to realize his mistake. 
Chase walked out to the hay barn and grabbed two small bales. When he headed back to the main barn he saw Ridge slowly coming up from the back pasture. He looked a little worse for wear. It looked like he'd been crying which was out of character for his macho brother. Nothing phased Ridge Cauthen. Secretly he grinned knowing the reason for Ridge's emotional state.
Ridge almost jumped out of the saddle as he entered the barn. "Have you seen Mallory?" His voice was gruff as he cleared it to speak. "I need to talk to her."
Chase pushed his cowboy hat back on his head and chewed a piece of hay slowly. "She's gone. I don't know what you did to her but it pushed her over the edge." Then he straightened from the side of the door and looked his brother square in the eyes. "Don't you know what a catch she is? That's a great woman that you hurt today. She's a caring, sweet, intelligent, and most of all drop dead gorgeous woman and you just threw it away because you can't seem to come home from war."
"Don't start with me Chase. I know I've been a complete idiot where Mallory is concerned but I have my reasons." He turned to unsaddle his horse.
"Well I hope you enjoy being alone because she's gone. According to her words she needs to get her head on straight." Chase leaned down and picked up the bales of hay he's dropped earlier. "You're a fool for letting her get away and I think a time apart will tell you more than you think."
Ridge stood watching his brothers retreating back. Gone, where had she gone to? He pulled out his phone and hit her number. Of course she didn't answer, it went immediately to voicemail. "I'm not leaving a message. If she wants to talk to me she can call me." 
The horse looked around at him as though calling him an idiot. "Nobody asked you." He said roughly and grabbed his reins, pulling him to his stall. 
A little while later his dad walked into the barn. When he found his oldest son he leaned in the doorway of the stall watching him brush his horse. "Son, I know you've got a lot on your mind. It's not easy coming home from war, watching your friends come home in a box and then trying to get your head back home, but you need to think about what you're pushing away with this edgy attitude. Mallory is an extraordinary woman and she cares deeply for you." He looked at Ridge for a moment and then back down at his boots. "And if I had to say what I seek, you care for her too, much more than you want to."
Leaning into his horse with his head he let out a long breath. "Dad, I just can't seem to do anything right with that woman. She wants a whole man and I'm not that man." 
"Son, she evidently sees a whole man. Ever since you've been home she's watched you and made it quite obvious that she's interested. What you need to do is explore your heart." He turned to go, and then turned back. "I'm sorry about Sloan, but nothing you say or do will bring him back."
"I know dad. When will I feel normal again?" His dad had served in Vietnam and knew firsthand what battle can do to your mind.
"You may never feel totally normal again. What you've seen and done will haunt you for a long time, but I can tell you from experience that the love of a good woman can make all the difference. The best thing that ever happened to me was your mother. She stepped in and made me realize I had to change my attitude and when I owned up to that I made the turn." On his way up the aisle between the stalls he called back. "Think about it before you lose everything."
For a long moment Ridge just stood there, not quite knowing what to do next His heart told him that what he felt for Mallory was real. Then his cell rang bringing him back to reality.
It was Josh. "Hey man, what's up?" He said as he walked out of the stall, closing the door behind him.
His friend wanted to let him know the arrangements for Sloan's funeral. Sitting down in his office he pulled out a pad and pencil. Maybe writing down his eulogy would help get his mind occupied. But his mind kept straying to Mallory. The look in her eyes when he pushed her away earlier had been his undoing. Had he pushed too far this time? 
Oakley stepped into his office around lunch time. "Hey brother, let's head to the diner for lunch. I'm buying." 
"Well, if you're buying, then how can I refuse?" Maybe it would get his mind off her if he spent some time with his brother.
Several people looked up and nodded at the brothers as they walked to their usual booth. Rachel took their order and walked back to the kitchen without a smile. Oakley gave Ridge a strange look as he watched her retreating back. 
"Wonder what's up with Rachel?" Ridge said as he looked up again.
"Evidently things aren't coming up roses with her and Luke. They've had a couple of dates." 
"Could be they weren't compatible." He said as he leaned back and thought about Mallory. "Sometimes it's just not the right timing."
Oakley studied his brother for a moment and tried to get his response right before it came out of his mouth. "Do you want to talk about it?" He decided to let Ridge make the first step.
"Oakley I messed up today with Mallory and probably lost her forever." He ran his fingers through his hair and groaned. "I just don't want to hurt her, but I keep doing it over and over."
"You're human Ridge. She'll be back, I'm sure of it. It's obvious she's in love with you and well, look at you, you're a mess. That tells me the feeling is mutual." He leaned forward as he spoke. "Call her and tell her how you truly feel."
Rachel brought their sweet teas quietly. Oakley gave her a smile and she smiled back but it didn't meet her eyes. "Rachel is everything alright?"
Tears welled in her eyes as she looked from one brother to the other. "I'm alright." She started to turn but Oakley gently grabbed her hand.
"Did my brother do something stupid? Do I need to give him a black eye?" He winked at the waitress making her smile through her tear soaked eyes.
"No, don't do that. He's been really sweet, but I haven't heard from him in a couple of days." She said on a pitiful sob.
The brothers shared a look, knowing their youngest brothers tendency to be flighty. "Don't worry about that. You know Luke, when he gets something on his mind, well, he sort of loses his mind." Ridge said as he gave her a sympathetic look.
"Yeah, he's been working with a new horse at the ranch. Luke is completely engrossed in the operation of the ranch, so don't worry if he doesn't call every day." Oakley tried to calm the obviously upset woman, but inside he wanted to strangle his little brother. Leave it to Luke to choose the ranch over a woman.
"Thanks. Just tell him I said hello." She turned and walked back into the kitchen.
"I'll throttle that boy when we get home." Ridge said as he took a long sip of his drink.
"Get in line brother." Oakley said with a grin. 
Once they got back to the ranch Ridge felt somewhat better, but his heart ached to talk to Mallory. She didn't return any of his calls and ignored all his texts. Knowing he deserved the silent treatment, he decided to let her have time, although being a control freak made it hard to do.

Chapter 15
The next two days were agonizing for Ridge. Mallory hadn't spoken to him since she left and he was baffled. Of course it was his fault that she was angry, but he'd apologized in a hundred different ways over the last two days. He was at a loss as to what the next step should be.
The funeral was the next day and he wanted Mallory by his side. She'd become his rock, but it probably wouldn't happen. He sat up late that night writing his eulogy for Sloan. The memories that welled up caused horrible nightmares and he woke twice during the night drenched in sweat.
That morning his mood was dreadful as he sipped his coffee. The funeral was at eleven and he wasn't looking forward to it. Although nobody looked forward to a funeral, it seemed like he was dreading this one more than usual. He'd spoken at several funerals, but for some reason his state of mind was out of sorts. 
As he dressed in his uniform to show respect to the lost soldier, his adrenaline flowed. With each button his mind went into soldier mode. His spine became rigid and the frame of mind cleared. He was a true soldier elite as he looked in the mirror. Everything about his stance spoke rigid soldier. 
He arrived a little early for the funeral. Several of his former men walked up to shake his hand. It felt good to see the guys that made it home. Then when Sloan's wife walked up to give him a hug his stature slumped slightly. Her sobs wrenched at his heart. 
They spoke briefly before the minister came to walk her to the front row. Ridge got in position behind the casket with Sloan's fellow soldiers as they followed it into the Church. He watched the casket roll in front of him. The flag draped over it made his heart leap with patriotism. But deep down he knew his friend was under that flag and he missed him.
The minister spoke briefly before introducing Ridge. He stepped up to the podium and began. His eulogy was full of memories, achievements of his friend and their time together. Ridge spoke of how brave he was and the depth of his love for his wife. When he turned to look into her eyes she smiled. That's when he knew he'd chosen the right words.
Afterwards he went to the dinner that was setup in the fellowship hall of the Church. As he sat at the table talking with his fellow soldiers his mind drifted to Mallory. She'd been on his mind so strong today that he could almost feel her near. 
Driving home he tried to call her again, but only received her voicemail. This time he didn't leave a message. He resolved to give her more time. Chase and Maggie rushed out of the house the moment he put the truck in park. Their expressions told him something was wrong.
Quickly he got out of the truck and met them on the walkway. "What's wrong?"
Maggie had tears flowing down her face. "It's Mallory." She burst into tears and wrapped her arms around Ridges waist. His heart began to pound hard in his chest as his ears began to ring. What had happened to Mallory? 
Chase gave him a worried look. "She was headed home from Florida and someone crossed the median hitting her head on." He paused for a moment. "All we know is she's injured."
Ridge almost collapsed. "Where is she?"
"She was life-flighted to Atlanta." Chase said as he followed Ridge back to his truck. "I'll drive you." He knew his brother would go to all lengths to get to the woman he loved.
"I can drive myself." He ground out as he walked around to the driver's side, but Chase snatched his keys and climbed in behind the wheel.
"Maybe so, but you need to get there in one piece." 
Running back around the front of the truck Ridge climbed in the passenger's side as Maggie climbed in the backseat. "I'm going too." She said as both brothers looked at her.
It was the longest ride of Ridge's life. His heart was pounding as he watched the road slip by. Was she alright? How bad were the injuries? Would she recover? All of these questions ran through his head as they headed into the city. As soon as they parked Ridge was out of the truck and almost running to the main entrance. 
At the information desk he asked where she was and left the other two to follow quickly behind him. The elevator seemed to take forever as it slowly made its way to the fifth floor. He ran to the nurse's desk to get information. Then he turned back to Chase and Maggie looking grim.
"She's in ICU with several broken ribs, a broken arm and leg on left side. They said she was in and out of consciousness but some of that is medically induced." He started pacing in the hall as he talked. "They're getting permission for me to go in to see her."
Maggie put her arm on his. "You need to calm down before you go in there. She doesn't need you to go all Ridge on her." His dark look made her continue. "Let's just say, she needs comfort not hard edged worry."
He stopped pacing looked down at his sister. "I'm not going in there to argue with her. All I want to do is make sure she's alright and knows I'm here to help her."
"That's good, but take a deep breath and stop pacing. She'll throw you out if you pace around the bed like this." Chase said as he guided them into the waiting room that was thankfully empty at the moment.
Ridge stood by the window staring out at nothing in particular. How would she respond to seeing him? Would she order him out or tell the nurse not to allow him in? Did he have to blast past the nurses and doctors to get to her?
He was brought out of his thoughts when a doctor stepped into the waiting room. "Are you Ridge Cauthen?" 
"Yes I am. How's Mallory?" Immediately he wanted to go past the doctor and find out for himself.
"She's doing a little better since we have her stable, but she's still groggy from the surgery. We're keeping her in surgery as a precaution" 
"What surgery?" 
"We had to reset her leg, but she'll heal well. She's a healthy woman and that will help with her recovery. Of course she'll need a lot of care for the next six weeks as she recovers and heals." He looked at the other two standing there. "Are you her family?"
"We're her friends. She's like part of our family." Maggie responded first to the question. She and Mallory were great friends.
He looked at Ridge seriously and in a low voice he spoke. "She specifically said not to let you in, but if Maggie was here she wants to see her." The dark look that ran across Ridge's face made the doctor step back a little. "I'm sorry, but I can't allow you back there."
Maggie turned to Ridge. "I'll talk to her and see what I can do." She said as she followed the doctor to the ICU. 
Ridge sat down and put his head in his hands in frustration. "Chase it's my fault she's in here. If I hadn't pushed her away, then she wouldn't have left. I don't blame her for not wanting to see me, but I have to make this right."
Chase sat down beside his brother. He knew it was killing him just sitting here. "It's not your fault entirely. She's a grown woman and made the decision to leave."
Turning to look at Chase he frowned. "Why can't I get past the war? I've tried so hard to leave it behind, but every time I think I'm making progress something happens to send me backwards. I don't know what to do."
For a moment Chase was at a loss for words. He'd never heard his brother talk like this. Ridge was the strong brother the one that could deal with anything and come out unscathed. Now he was seemingly at rock bottom. "Ridge, for one thing I think you're in love with Mallory and I think that's the change that's coming over you. The second thing is if you love her, you need to push the bad thoughts out and think about her."
"If she'd just see me, I could apologize for being such a hard edged person. I just need to see her." Frustration filled his body.
The brothers sat silently for a long while, waiting for Maggie. Ridge struggled with patience. One time he almost burst through the doors and cried out her name, but then he'd be banned from the hospital. That wouldn't solve anything.
Maggie stepped into the waiting room quietly. She didn't speak, but her eyes told them more than words. Her look was one of uncertainty. But why? 
"Well? Will she see me?" Ridge stood up and walked to Maggie. 
"Ridge she's angry with you right now. I tried to explain that you were distraught about her accident, but she doesn't want to see you." Then she looked at Chase. "She wants to see you though." 
Chase stood up and gave Ridge a sympathetic look. "I'll try to get you in." He squeezed Ridge's shoulder and headed through the double doors.
"I'm sorry Ridge, but she's not in a good state of mind right now." Maggie hugged her brother and he accepted it readily for a change.
"How was she?" His heart ached and the only healing would come when he set eyes on her for himself. He needed to see her gorgeous eyes and confirm she was alright. Until that time he'd hurt without ceasing.
"She's badly bruised on her face and her leg and arm are in casts. Tubes and monitors are all around her, but she's on some heavy meds so she isn't feeling too much pain at the moment." She pulled back and gave him a small smile. "It'll be alright. Her heart is yours and when she's ready you'll be the first one to know it."
"Thanks Maggie, but right now the only words that will help my feelings are 'she'll see you now'." He released Maggie and walked over to stare out the window. Going back over their conversation on that fateful morning when he'd pushed her away. All she wanted to do was help him and love him, but he'd acted like an idiot. How do you come back from that kind of hurt? Would she ever forgive him?
It seemed as though Chase had been back there for hours, but in actuality it was only fifteen minutes. He strolled back in the waiting room with a smile. Ridge almost knocked him down when he reached the middle of the room. 
"Well, can I go in now?" His face fierce with determination.
Chase gave Maggie a wink before he spoke which totally infuriated Ridge. "Nope. She's as stubborn as you are brother. I think the lady wants you to suffer a little longer." He sat down and stretched his legs out in front of him, placing his linked hands behind his head. "Yep, she's a real angry woman right now and you're the center of that."
Ridge growled out in frustration. "I'm about to bust down that door and make her see reason." He started pacing with a vengeance. Chase and Maggie looked at one another and grinned. They knew now for sure he was head over heels with Mallory. It was a turning point for the hard edged Ridge Cauthen.
Suddenly alarms went off from behind the double doors. Nurses ran through the doors calling out orders. Chase had to grab Ridge before he burst through the doors. "Man that could be anyone back there. It's a full house." His voice strained as he struggled with his brother.
"But it could be Mallory. What if something went wrong? Anything could've happened?" He finally stopped struggling. Sitting down he put his head in his hands. "I need to talk to her and set things right."
Chase walked over to the nurse's station and inquired of Mallory's condition. When he walked back over to the waiting room he looked a little pale. "Ridge, the alarms were in her room. She's had a reaction to the new pain medication that was just administered but they were able to stabilize her."
Ridge stood up and walked over to the nurse's station. "Is there any way I can just see her?"
The nurse looked at him and smiled sympathetically. It was evident that she appreciated his good looks. "Sir she's made it quite clear she doesn't want to see you." When his eyes changed, she continued. "I would get in trouble if I let you go in without her permission. I'm sorry."
"Thanks. Could you please keep us informed of her condition?" 
"Sure, no problem," She smiled sweetly and went back to her paperwork.
"Let's go down and get something to eat in the cafeteria. The next visiting time is over an hour away." He stood up and pulled Maggie with him. "I'm starving."
"Come on Ridge, you need to be strong when she finally gives in." Maggie pulled at Ridge's hand.
"But what if she asks for me and I'm not here." He remained unmoving.
"We'll ask the nurse to have you paged." Chase said as he turned to tell the nurse.
He finally gave in and followed them to the elevator. The meal was typical hospital food. Ridge only picked at his as Chase devoured his. Maggie ate around hers. Several people stared at the three of them. Ridge sat in his dress uniform, looking devastatingly handsome, while Chase was in his jeans and t-shirt looking the part of the true rogue and then there was Maggie with her long hair and gorgeous blue eyes. They were a good looking group and everyone in the cafeteria noticed. 
As they walked back to the elevator, he noticed the gift shop. Ridge stopped and opened the door. He purchased a bouquet of roses and a teddy bear holding a heart. The nurse added a balloon in for free. 
At the nurses' station he gave them the gift for Mallory. One of the nurses grinned and took it through the double doors. Now he'd wait to see if it made a difference.

Chapter 16
The day grew into night as Ridge paced the waiting room. Several people moved into the room with pillows and blankets. It looked to be a long night. As the last visiting chance came and went without an invitation, Chase stood up and stretched.
"Come on Ridge. Let's head home and you can come back in the morning." 
"I'm not leaving until I see her, can reason with her. I need to tell her something." 
"The next visitation isn't until in the morning. You can't sleep here Ridge." Maggie pleaded but deep down she knew he wasn't budging.
"I've slept in less inviting situations. You two go home and I'll see you tomorrow." 
"Alright brother, one of us will be back tomorrow. What do you need from the house?"
"A change of clothes would be nice, thanks." He said as he laid his head back on the wall.
"Let us know if there's any change." Maggie said as she hugged him and followed Chase to the elevator.
One of the nurses brought him a pillow and blanket. Since it was a large waiting room he was able to stretch out. Sleep didn't come easy, but sometime after midnight he slipped into a fitful sleep. He woke with a start when someone tapped his shoulder. His heels were dug in deep on this matter.
"Mr. Cauthen." The nurse said. "She's asking for you now."
He glanced at his watch and saw it was after three in the morning. Her timing was wonderful, but he'd take whatever he could get.
"Thank you." He said as he stood and adjusted his clothes. 
"I'm glad you get a chance to talk. It's apparent the love you have for her. All of the nurses are hoping everything works out." When he gave her an odd look, she continued. "We're hopeless romantics what can I say." She smiled and opened the double doors. 
He tensed up as they walked to a glass wall that faced the large nurse station. She walked through the door and motioned for him to follow. Was he ready for this?
The moment he saw her, his heart went to the floor. Her face was swollen and bruised. She had tubes connected to her. Tears welled in his eyes as he took in the woman he loved. All he wanted to do was take the hurt and put it inside of him.
"Hi." She said in a gravelly voice, tears clinging to her lashes. It was apparent that she'd been crying.
Closing the distance between them, he sat down in the chair beside her bed. She looked beautiful even with all the paraphernalia around her. "How are you? Can I get you anything?"
"I'm making it, but with the aid of pain meds." Her head turned and she took in his uniform. He looked really good and her heart skipped a beat. "How did you do with the eulogy?"
"I didn't make too big of an idiot of myself. It was hard, but I made it through." He watched her hand lying on the bed. Reaching up he gently grasped it. "I'm sorry this happened to you."
"It's not your fault Ridge." She knew the look of guilt that filled his eyes.
"If I'd acted better that day under the tree then you wouldn't have ran to Florida. I'm an idiot. Will you ever forgive me?" His eyes met hers and they held for a long moment. 
"I shouldn't have pushed you so hard. Remember, I said some nasty things too. Here I was telling you I'd be patient and I tried to push you." Turning her hand over in his, she linked her fingers in his.
"Can we start over?" 
"No, I don't want to start over, but I do want to move past the bad and continue the good." A slow smile spread across her face.
"I've been so foolish. Here you were trying to help me and all I did was push you away." Leaning up he kissed her lips lightly. Tears glistened in her eyes as she looked up at him. "Can you forgive me?"
The answer didn't come quickly as she stared into his eyes. "I'll forgive you if you'll promise me one thing?" She arched her brow at him.
His heart jumped in his chest. What kind of promise did she want from him? "What promise?"
"Will you promise that you'll get therapy?" When he started to turn away she tightened her grip. "I'm serious Ridge. You need help because I see a storm brewing in your eyes. The only way to stop it is to get help." She wouldn't back down on this.
Closing his eyes as the truth of her words hit home. He'd put it off for way too long and he didn't want to chance losing her again. Slowly he opened his eyes. "I'll go to the base as soon as you get out of the hospital." Squeezing her hand lightly he smiled a smile that actually showed in his eyes. 
"Thank you. It's the only way we can make a go at this. I can't handle the revolving door that's been plaguing us every time we're together."
"Can I ask something of you in return?" 
The look of confusion on her face made him grin. "I guess so." She said with a small voice.
"The doctor said you'll need to heal before you go back to work. Since you don't have any family here and will need someone to care for you, I'm moving into your apartment until you're back on your feet." 
Her eyes grew large with surprise, but then she was shaking her head. "That wouldn't be a good idea." She couldn't just let him move into her apartment. 
"You have two bedrooms right?" When she nodded he continued. "Well it's settled. I can help you get to therapy and cook your meals."
"But what about your part of the work on the ranch?"
"I have three brothers and a sister to help fill in." 
The sky was turning a light purplish pink just outside the window. Ridge looked up and noticed how beautiful things looked when you were in love. That subject would have to wait until they'd worked some things out, but deep down he knew she was the one.
Contented she slipped back into sleep as he sat down in the chair beside the bed. Things were looking up for them. Maybe now he could get past the memories.
A tap on his shoulder woke him from a deep sleep just after sunrise. He looked up to see a doctor standing in front of him. "I need to examine Mallory. Would you mind stepping out to the waiting room?"
He sat up and looked over to see the smile on Mallory's face. "I'll be back soon."
"We'll move her into a regular room this morning."
"That's good news." He stretched as he walked out the double doors.
The waiting room was empty when he walked in. Reaching up he rubbed his face and felt the morning stubble. The smell of coffee drew him back out into the hall. 
"Could you tell me where the coffee is?" He asked the nurse sitting at the desk.
"They just made a fresh pot down at the snack bar. It's down the hall to the right just past the elevators." She smiled sweetly before returning to the chart in front of her.
"Thanks." Before he walked off he turned back to her. "If the doctor comes out to find me could you tell him I'll be back in just a few minutes?"
"No problem Mr. Cauthen." All of the nurses were well aware of the handsome soldier that hadn't left his lady. The romance of the situation made them swoon with envy.
He found the snack bar with no problem. Reaching in his pocket he withdrew change for the hot food machine. Nothing looked appetizing, but if he could eat mess hall food, then this should digest just fine. After he'd grabbed a bacon and egg biscuit from the machine and his coffee, he headed back to the waiting room.
Chase met him at the doorway. "Hey brother, how's Mallory?" 
"She's better, just really stove up. The doctor is in with her." He took a long sip of the hot coffee making a face as the taste hit his tongue. "This is a bad excuse for coffee."
"Good thing I brought you breakfast then." He pointed to the coffee and sack sitting on the table in the waiting room.
"Oh you're a lifesaver. Thanks bro." He sat down and opened the sack to find two ham biscuits. 
"I take it from the smile on your face that she finally let you in to see her." 
"Around three this morning she told the nurse to let me in. We discussed everything and hopefully things are back on track. When the doctor releases her I'm moving in with her until she's back on her feet." 
His brother grinned, whistling under his breath. "You work fast don't you?" He gave his brother a slap on his shoulder.
"It's not like that." The warning look he gave him only fueled the fire.
"Oh I bet. Was she on board with this living arrangement?"
"Not at first, but I explained that I'd be in a separate room, it's totally innocent." He took a large bite of the mouthwatering biscuit. "This is great, thanks again. I was starving."
"When are they moving her to a regular room?" 
"This morning and maybe she can go home tomorrow." 
Chase stayed long enough to go in to see Mallory. Since he had business in Atlanta, he headed out just before they moved her to the private room. Before he left, Ridge was relieved when he handed him a bag with a change of clothing and his shaving bag. "You need a shave badly." He winked at his brother and left.
They moved Mallory to a room on the other end of the floor she was on. The room was better than the ICU room. Ridge changed his clothes and shaved. When he came back out he felt better.
The day went by slowly as they sat talking and watching television. He took great care of her as he jumped up everything she groaned. One time she laughed at him. "I'll be alright. You don't have to jump every time I move."
The next morning Chase came back to pick them up. He met them in front of the hospital and helped get her into the truck.
 "We'll need to go by the drug store on the way back into town. They've prescribed her an antibiotic and pain meds." Ridge said as he climbed into the passenger seat.
"I'll carry you guys to her apartment and go back for the prescriptions. She'll probably need to get straight home." 
The doctor gave her some pain meds before she left so all the way home she slept. Ridge carried her into the apartment and straight to her room as Chase brought in her bag. 
"I'll be back in a bit. Do you need anything else while I'm gone?" He looked down at Mallory's pale face.
"I'd love a greasy cheeseburger and fries." She tried to grin, but the pain was returning.
"A woman after my own heart." He winked and walked out to his truck.
Chapter 17
The whole Cauthen clan descended on the apartment later that evening. Mrs. Cauthen brought in a dinner. Ridge carried Mallory into the den so that she could join in the family craziness. It seemed to help her feelings as she watched the Cauthen brood talking all at once.
"Honey, if we get to be too much for you, please tell us." Mr. Cauthen said as he sat down on the arm of the chair beside her.
"I love this family time. It's something I missed out on. Thanks for including me in yours." She was touched by their love and warmth.
"We consider you part of the Cauthen family. That might not be a good thing on your part." He grinned when his wife popped him. 
Around eight everyone left and they were alone. For the first time she realized that Ridge would be staying with her. She sat quietly watching him. "Thank you for all you've done."
He turned with a smile. "It's no problem at all. I'm glad I can help you." Grasping her hand he pulled it to his lips. "Are you tired?" The dark circles around her eyes were telling him she needed to get some rest.
"I do feel tired." She went to sit up and winced as pain ran through her bruised body. 
Instantly he was at her side. "What's wrong? Can I help?"
"I just moved the wrong way. The doctor said until the healing starts I'll be sore." She smiled and reached up to caress his cheek... "Don't worry so much."
"Seeing you in pain is almost too much to bear." He leaned forward and kissed her forehead. 
Carefully he picked her up and carried her to bed. He arranged her pillows so that she was propped up a little. "Do you need anything before I go to my room?"
"No, I'm good." She said as she tried to get comfortable. 
"Good night Mallory." He leaned down and kissed her lightly.
"Good night Ridge." She watched as he walked out, turning the lights out and leaving the door halfway open. 
"Just shout if you need me." He said before he walked into his room. 
Sleep didn't come quickly for either of them. It felt odd to her having someone else in her apartment. For him it was hard to go to sleep. He was afraid she'd cry out and he wouldn't hear her. Once her pain meds took affect she drifted into a deep sleep. 
Around two in the morning Ridge was woken from a nightmare with the sound of moaning. For a long moment he wasn't sure what he heard, and then he realized it was Mallory. Quickly he ran into her room and turned on the bedside lamp.
"Do you need more pain medication?" He could see she was drenched in sweat. 
"I turned the wrong way in my sleep and it felt like my rib went through my chest." She said in a raspy, pain filled voice. "I'll be alright, sorry I woke you."
"That's what I'm here for. What can I get to help you?" He didn't know what to do as she lay there pale and in pain.
"Just sit here with me. Talk to me, get my mind off this." 
"What do you want to talk about?" He sat down on the other side of the bed and propped on a pillow.
"I don't know; maybe tell me about growing up with three brothers and a sister." She adjusted her pillow under her back and turned to look at him.
For a moment he thought and then he laughed. "I know a good story." He settled down further into the bed. "Our house has always been active. With four boys the house was always a mess. Mom could hardly keep up with us and dad just smiled saying boys will be boys." A rumble erupted from his chest as he remembered? "Then Maggie came along. She was a perfect little angel. Of course Luke was jealous because he'd been the baby. Chase wasn't happy because he didn't think we needed a little sister. Oakley was indifferent about it all. But I fell in love the minute I saw her big bright eyes staring back at me. She'd hold my finger and giggle when I spoke."
"I knew the moment I saw the way you looked at her that you were close." 
"Even though I was twelve years older than her, she filled a place in my heart that I didn't even know was empty. She followed us everywhere we went. Oakley didn't mind, but Chase and Luke would try to lose her in the woods. I was constantly saving her from one thing or another. She was a tomboy from the start, but how could it be helped. Mom tried to change that, but a girl raised on a ranch didn't stand a chance."
He smiled at her for a moment. "When Maggie started to notice boys let's just say the brotherly protectiveness came out. She brought home some poor guy when she was fifteen. It was horrible. All of us sat giving him a look that said one wrong move and it won't be good." 
"That's sad. How long did she date him?" She giggled and winced when the movement caused pain.
"Not long. With four brothers, she couldn't find many guys that would date her. I guess we intimidated them." 
"Maggie doesn't look like she'd put up with too much over protectiveness." 
"She's a little spitfire and when we start acting too over bearing she quickly stands her ground. Now she doesn't allow her dates to come around the ranch."
"I can't blame her. But it's nice the way you look after her." She put her hand under her face and closed her eyes. "Sometimes I wish I had a brother to watch out for me." Yawning as she said it.
His heart was full as he watched her sleep. Her beauty overwhelmed him. It happened so fast the feelings he had for her. She was everything he'd ever wanted in a woman. How could he not love her?
Sometime as he watched her thinking about how things were progressing, he drifted off to sleep. For the first time since their night in the horse stall he slept without any nightmares. As the sun rose and slipped through the blinds she woke up. Slowly turning, careful not to cause pain she realized someone was in the bed with her. 
Ridge lay on his back with an arm draped over his face. His jaw covered in stubble was cute. As she watched him sleep her mind drifted to the night they sat up with Blaze. He'd showed her for the first time that he had a soft side. That first kiss made her toes curl. Smiling she watched as he stirred and opened his eyes.
Turning his eyes in her direction he grinned. "Sorry, I guess I went to sleep."
"That's alright. It seems you didn't have nightmares last night." 
"As a matter of fact I didn't. I slept soundly, thanks." He sat up and stretched his arms overhead. "Do you want pancakes?"
"You don't have to go to that much trouble." She started to protest.
"It's no trouble at all." Standing up, he winked at her. "Pancakes are my specialty."
"Well I'll be the judge of that." 
"Do you need anything before I go to the kitchen?"
"Could you hand me the crutches?" She pointed to the corner of the room.
He helped her stand and position her crutches. "Will you be alright?"
Playfully she pretended to wobble. He immediately came to her rescue. "I've got this. Going to the bathroom has been something I've done alone for a long time." She giggled when he turned beet red.
"Uh, Yeah, right. I'll just go to the kitchen and get started on those pancakes." He wheeled around and almost ran up the hall followed by her laughter.
It took her longer than normal to get dressed and washed up. Every turn was difficult and then when she tried to do something normal it didn't work right. The broken arm made even pulling on her t-shirt hard work. With frustration she finally landed in a kitchen chair.
"Here you go, enjoy." He put a plate of steaming pancakes in front of her.
"They look good, but do they taste good?" Smirking she took a small bite. "You pass the test because these are great."
"I told you." Sitting down opposite her, he dug into his pancakes. "These are spectacular, I outdid myself."
Giggling she wiggled her fork at him. "Don't get too cocky."
"What do you want for dinner tonight?" He said as he put their plates in the dishwasher after they'd polished off all the pancakes.
"Let's see here, what do you know how to make?" 
"I make a mean chili, but maybe that wouldn't be good on a hot night. I can whip together some spaghetti and salad." 
"I like spaghetti." Her leg was starting to throb badly. "Can you get me a bottled water and one of my pain pills?"
Concerned he turned to her. "What's hurting?" Then he immediately grabbed the water and pills.
"My leg is having shooting pains up and down it." Rubbing her leg above the cast, she groaned. "I hate being helpless, it's not me."
Kneeling down in front of her, he gave her the water and pills. "You'll be on your feet soon, but right now you're going back to bed to put this leg up." He looked down and noticed her swollen toes. Before she knew what was happening he'd gently swung her up into his arms.
"I can manage to get back to my room on the crutches. You don't have to carry me everywhere I need to go."
"I'm here to help you and if that means I have to play the caveman, then I will." 

Chapter 18
Slowly Mallory started to heal. The more time they spent together the closer they got. By the time he took her for the six week appointment he was beyond himself with love for her. Every waking moment was spent thinking about her and even his dreams were filled with visions of her. 
She wasn't looking forward to the moment when Ridge went back home. It was actually nice having him around. Her heart warmed every time he walked into the room. He'd taken such good care of her. Nobody would ever think that the hard edged Ridge Cauthen could be such a sweetheart.
The doctor took the cast off her arm and was pleased with the healing. He replaced it with a smaller one that was more flexible. Her leg wasn't healing quite as fast though. The cast was replaced with a different type to help her get around. 
All in all the doctor visit went well and he released her to do more. She could go back to work, light duty. They were quiet on the ride back to her apartment. Both of them were aware of what the doctor's visit meant. Things could go back to normal. He could move back home.
When he pulled up in front of the apartment, they just sat there. He turned to look at her. "It's good that your arm is healing." 
"Yeah it is." She was on the verge of tears.
"I guess you're able to do things for yourself now." His voice was low as he spoke. The thought of not spending every day with her was making his chest hurt. The moment was here. "You'll be glad to get rid of me I'm sure."
She couldn't look at him or she might cry. "It hasn't been that bad. I've actually enjoyed it."
"Me too." They were silent for a moment. "Let's get inside."
With heavy hearts they walked into the apartment. He put her keys on the table by the door. "Let's eat one last meal together before I head home." 
"You make it sound like we'll never see one another." She tried to laugh but it fell short.
"I know we'll see one another." He pulled the sandwich meat out of the fridge and set it on the table as she grabbed the bread and plates. "It just won't?" The sentence fell flat as they stared at one another across the table.
"It just won't what?" She asked as slowly she made her way around the table toward him. 
His heart began to beat hard as she came near. "It won't be the same." He managed to get it out as she stopped in front of him. 
"I know." She placed her good hand over his heart, feeling the erratic beat of his heart. "Thanks for all you've done the past six weeks."
Reaching up he placed his hand over hers. "Mallory I don't know how this is going to come out, but I need to say this." Taking a deep breath he looked into her eyes. "I know I've got a long way to go, but I've grown to love you over the last six weeks."
Tears filled her eyes as she saw the love in his eyes. "Oh Ridge." It was all she could manage.
Pulling her gently into his arms, always careful not to hurt her, the kiss was gentle and achingly sweet. She'd missed their kisses as she healed. 
The last six weeks had been a test of his constraints. He wanted to pull her into his arms several times, but then he'd think better of it. This kiss was like a healing balm for both of them. Her arms wound around his neck as he deepened the kiss, exploring her lips with his. 
"I'd like to ask you something." He said as he lifted his head.
For a moment her heart stopped. Was he planning to ask her what she thought he was? Her mind was playing over the scenario in her head. "What do you want to ask?"
"Will you go out on a date with me to my special place tonight?" He reached out and tipped her chin up to look into those beautiful eyes.
"That sounds wonderful, but I don't know if I can ride a horse yet." 
"Let me handle that part." The smile that spread across his face was contagious. "Now, let's eat our lunch, I have some things to do before tonight."
After lunch he packed his things and headed home. They'd kissed for a long while on the front step, but finally he left. She walked back in the house and it felt empty. 
That evening he picked her up and drove her to the ranch. He kept smiling at her and she wondered what he had planned. They drove straight down to the main barn. Opening his door he turned to her, "Stay right there, I'll be back in a minute."
A little thrill of excitement ran through her as he walked into the barn. What was he up to? Then she laughed as he came out with Blaze attached to a carriage. 
"Your ride my lady." He bowed and held out his hand for her. This was a romantic gesture and her eyes misted with tears as she placed her hand in his. After he helped her into the carriage, he climbed in beside her. "Shall we go?"
"Yes please." Picking up the reins he clicked his tongue and Blaze started forward. She turned and placed her hand lightly on his arm. "This is simply wonderful. Thank you."
"Oh it's my pleasure, but the best is yet to come." Winking at her surprised face he laughed. "Don't look so surprised. I have some romance in these stubborn bones." 
Giggling with complete pleasurable happiness she sat back and relaxed. Her heart was singing with love. How could it be possible that the man beside her was the same man that totally infuriated her some days? She was quickly finding out that there was another side of Ridge Cauthen and she'd fell head over heels in love with him. 
The cool night air gently blew across their faces as they made their way to the old oak. He took the narrow road that ran along the backside of the fence line. The only sounds were the jangling of the harness and the crickets that sang happily around them. It was as though they were as excited as she was. She looked up at the clear beautiful sky as the evening sun slowly sank in the far sky. The colors were a mixture of vibrant purple, peach and blue. It was simply heavenly.
Her breath caught in her throat as they drew near the oak. Twinkling lights dangled from the lower branches and a table for two sat directly under the canopy of lights. Candles and shining china were set up in a beautiful table scape. All she could do was stare open mouthed as they pulled to a stop.
"Ridge, how on earth did you manage this in such a short time?" 
He walked around to help her out of the carriage. As she stepped carefully down, her gaze took in the romantic setting before her. "It pays to have a large family. Maggie and mom were all too happy to help out." Pulling out her chair, she sat down. "Mom cooked fettuccine alfredo and Maggie tossed the salad."
"I'll be sure to thank them also." Her eyes twinkled with the reflection of the white lights. She watched as he lit the two candles and poured their sweet tea in the goblets that sat beside their plates.
Raising his glass he proposed a toast. "Here's to many nights of romance and to our lives. May they be happy and healthy." Gently tapping her glass he sipped his tea. "I know wine would be more romantic, but the meds that you're on call for tea only."
The food was delicious and when they opened the container of dessert both were surprised to find heart shaped lemon meringue tarts. "Maggie's been busy this afternoon I see." He smiled knowing his sister loved to make these delicate tarts.
Taking a bite of the decadent dessert, she closed her eyes. "Oh my, she did really well. I need to get this recipe." 
"I think that can be arranged." He said as he took another bite. "She's made these for years. We always get these for birthdays and other special occasions."
He carefully watched her finish the tart. His heart was beating wildly as he thought of his plans for the evening. How would she respond? Standing up he walked over to a remote, pushing a button and suddenly the pasture was filled with soft love songs.
"Well you're just full of surprises aren't you?" She took his hand as he held it out. He pulled her into his arms and slowly moved her around. 
"Don't worry, I'll lead." He cleared his throat as he picked her up into his arms. "I can't have you hurting your leg, but I do want a dance with my favorite lady." 
As they slowly moved around under the growing night sky she smiled. This was like something out of a fairy tale. For a moment she wondered if she was dreaming. Here she was in the middle of a pasture under an oak that had to be over two hundred years old, with the most handsome cowboy ever. It had to be a dream.
Closing her eyes as she let the music overtake her senses, Ridge smiled. He'd accomplished the first part of his plan, but what about the next part? Slowly he set her back on her feet. "Now for the next part of the evening." He placed her back in her chair.
She watched as he walked over to the carriage. Since his back was to her she couldn't see what he pulled from under the seat. When he turned she put her hands over her mouth. In one hand, he held a dozen long stemmed roses in one hand and something she couldn't quite see in the other. 
"These are for you." He handed her the bouquet which she immediately brought up to her face. "And this?" He knelt down in front of her on one knee. "is for you also, if you'll have it."
In his other hand he held a black velvet ring box. For a moment she forgot how to breathe. Looking up into his gorgeous eyes, she smiled. 
He opened the box and nestled inside was an emerald cut diamond with little Safire's situated around it. "Mallory I know we've only know each other about two months, but I knew the first time I saw you that we had something special. I love you with everything I have in me and I know that together we can create an unbreakable bond of love." He cleared his throat as nerves took over. "Will you marry me?"
It took her a moment to regain her voice. She looked from the ring to his eyes and back to the ring. "Yes Ridge, I'd be honored to be your wife." 
Leaning forward he kissed her as he placed the ring on her finger. "I love you." The words were breathless as the kiss deepened. His head was spinning as he picked her up and sat down in the chair, pulling her back into his lap. "You've made me one happy man."
She gazed at the ring on her finger. "We need to talk before setting a date." 
"I know one thing you're worried about and I took care of that this afternoon. Tomorrow I start therapy sessions at the base." He kissed her nose. "I want to be a whole man when we say our vows."
Tears slowly rolled down her cheeks. "That's all I ask for."
He pulled her into his embrace and held her for a long while. It was nice just to have her in his arms. She was his now and it was as it should be.
An hour later they started back to the main house. When they arrived she noticed all the brothers were home which was unusual. They walked into the main house to cheers of happiness. "Congratulations you two." His parents said together.
"We're so happy for you both and glad to gain another daughter." His mom said as she hugged Mallory tightly. 
It took a long while to get through with the hugs and well wishes. Everyone laughed and talked for what seemed like hours. Mallory was quiet as she watched her new family enjoying the moment. It was surreal to her because she'd been without family for a long time. Now she'd be a part of this large brood and it made her smile.
Ridge watched her carefully hoping this was not too much too soon. When he squeezed her hand she looked up at him and he was lost. The love that shone back at him was all he needed. He leaned in for a heated kiss, which drew a lot of hoots of approval from his brothers.

Chapter 19
The next couple of weeks went by in a blur of therapy sessions, wedding planning and running of the ranch. Mallory finally lost the casts and worked toward full time work again. Ridge improved daily through therapy and the therapeutic effect of being in love. 
Ridge hired a new ranch hand and surprised everyone when it turned out to be a woman. Everyone accepted her except Oakley. It rubbed him the wrong way to have a woman working on the ranch like a man. Even though it was clear she was up to the task it bothered him.
One day he walked into Ridge's office. "I need to talk to you about Ellen." He sat down across from his brother in a frustrated huff. 
"What's on your mind?" Ridge looked up from the order he was writing out. 
"Do you really think she's cut out for ranch work?" 
Sitting back watching his brother grinned. It was obvious to everyone that Oakley wasn't happy with the newly hired hand. "She's worked as hard if not harder than some of the guys that have been here for years. I'm keeping an eye on her as she's still in the probation period." Then he sat forward and looked at him directly. "Do you have a problem because she's a woman?"
"You know I'm not against women in the workplace, I just think its hard work for a woman." He ran his fingers through his hair and stood up. 
"Well why don't you focus on your final tests and let me handle her." Oakley was scheduled to graduate in just a few weeks.
"I just think it's a mistake." 
"I'll keep that in mind." He stood up and walked around the desk. "Why don't you work side by side with her unloading the hay truck this afternoon? Then you can adjust your opinion." Grinning he slipped by his brother and headed out to ride the fence line. 
Oakley decided he'd do just that. Since he didn't have an afternoon class it would give him a chance to prove his brother wrong. Walking out of the barn he felt a renewed purpose.
That afternoon Oakley arrived at the barn just as Ellen pulled up with the loaded hay trailer. She noticed him coming toward her walking with a purpose. The other ranch hands had given her a hard time until they saw she could do the work almost as well as them. 
"I'm here to help unload the hay." He said as he pulled on his gloves. 
"That's nice, but I can get it if you have something else to do." She knew he was working on his final exams for vet school. 
"Oh, I'm available right now. I'll study later." He reached up and unlatched the back gate on the trailer. Together they lowered it to the ground and stepped up to grab the bales. 
"Alright then." She shrugged and grabbed a bale, and then with the other hand she grabbed another one. 
He followed her into the barn with the bales. She didn't seem to have a problem with the hay. Then he caught himself watching her walk in front of him, groaning he dropped his bales in place and stomped back to the trailer. What was wrong with him?
Then he noticed Chase leaning in the doorway watching them. He was chewing a piece of hay and grinning. "When did you start unloading the hay trailer brother?" 
Oakley shot him a hard look and grabbed two more bales. "I decided maybe I needed to help out a little more now that the schooling is almost over." His voice was tight with anger at Chase.
"Oh, ok. I'll just take a break and watch." He sat down in a chair and propped it back against the door. "I'm sure Ellen's glad for the help." Chase grinned when she rolled her eyes at him. They'd worked together on the rodeo circuit and he was well aware that she was more than capable of unloading the hay alone.
""Well, it's a lot of work for just one person." Oakley said as he made his way back for more bales.
"I said I could get this." Ellen stopped with hands on hips. "I'm not helpless." 
Oakley stopped mid stride and turned to look at her. "It's not about being helpless."
"Then what's it about? You seem to have a problem with me and I want to know what it is?" 
Chase laughed and sat up again. "She's got you there Oakley ole boy." 
"Stay out of it Chase." He ground out and walked up to stand in front of Ellen. "Ok, let's get this out in the open. I have a problem with a woman doing this type of work. It's my opinion that this is too hard for a woman to do." 
Fuming she looked up into his eyes. She was at least a foot shorter than the handsome cowboy, but the depth of her anger made her feel taller. "Good thing you didn't do the hiring. I've been doing this sort of work most of my life and can handle it just fine. Ask any of the other hands, I'm pulling my own weight, so why don't you just go back to your studying and leave the hard work to those that can do it." 
He reached out and grasped her arms in a vice like grip. "Look lady, I don't want to see you getting hurt out here. I'm sorry if my opinion steps on your pretty little toes, but it's the way I feel."
She looked down at his hands on her arms, hating the way her heart took a leap at his words. "Take your hands off me." Her voice spewed venom and he let go of her as though she'd burned him.
"Just get the trailer unloaded by yourself then." He knew he had to get out of her presence. She affected him in a way he didn't need right now and touching her was a mistake. Turning on his boot heel he walked by Chase.
Chase looked up grinning. "I think she won that round, don't you?" 
Oakley never looked back as he rounded the corner of the barn.
"That brother of yours is a piece of work." Ellen said as she continued to work. 
"You're not telling me anything I don't already know." He walked over and picked up two bales. When she glared at him, he tossed the bales back down, knowing he didn't want her venom. "Sorry, it's habit."
"Sorry, I'm just used to doing things for myself." She kept walking toward the hayloft.
"Don't worry about him. He'll get used to you being a woman soon enough." Deep down he knew his brother was smitten with the new lady on the farm. It should be exciting how this worked out.
Ridge stepped out of the barn grinning. "What's up with Oakley? He blew by me with a scowl that could wither a cactus." 
"He's just upset that Ellen let him have it."
"I guess he needs to be put in his place every once in a while." He started back in the barn. "Don't forget to go by and get fitted for your tux. Mallory just called to tell me to remind you."
Groaning as he turned toward his truck. "I'll go now before that woman of yours throttles me." 
"Good idea. She's a little stressed about everything getting done." 
He pulled his phone out to let her know Chase was on his way to the tux shop. The wedding plans were going well and he couldn't wait. Mallory had made the choice of the wedding taking place under the big oak tree. At first he was uncertain, but when she laid out the plan, he knew it was perfect.
As the wedding day drew near everything fell into place. Then the morning of the wedding Mallory took a deep cleansing breath. It was here. Their wedding was only an hour away. She stood in the main house looking at herself in the mirror. Maggie wiped tears as she stood behind her.
"Quit that before you have me crying too." She grinned at her soon to be sister in law.
"I can't help it, you look so beautiful." Maggie wiped another tear away. "You should see your groom. He's so handsome and nervous." 
Mallory laughed. "Your brothers are having a good time with that I'm sure."
"They've already gave him a heart attack by saying the wedding bands fell into a vent."
"They didn't?" Mallory shook her head in humor.
"Mom had to step in and straighten it out." 
Ridge stood in the window of his room wondering how Mallory was doing. He was a bundle of nerves. Would he be a good husband? The love he had for her was beyond anything he could imagine. 
Oakley stood up and walked over to put his hand on Ridge's shoulder. "It's time to go out to the pasture."
"Let's go." They walked out to the truck that was waiting for them. The guests were being ferried out in buggies. 
Maggie watched them leave and turned back to smile at her new sister. "Well the guys are leaving now, so you need to make your way down to your special carriage."
Mr. Cauthen had a special carriage rented that was white and covered in red roses. As soon as Mallory saw it she grew misty with tears. "This is so sweet." She kissed him on the cheek. "You're wonderful."
"I wanted it to be perfect." He helped her up into the carriage. At least her dress was tea length so that the grass wouldn't harm the hem.
The ride to the wedding seemed to take longer than normal. But as they rounded the corner and the wedding came into sight, she smiled. This was it.
She stepped out of the carriage with the help of Chase and Luke. They looked so handsome in their tuxes and cowboy hats. Then Mr. Cauthen extended his arm. He led her to the head of the white carpet runner that served as the aisle. 
Then her eyes met his. They held as she made her way toward him to violin music. Tears formed in both their eyes. Their love was radiating all around them. He took her hand as soon as she reached him.
Leaning down he whispered. "You're radiantly beautiful."
"And you're devastatingly handsome." 
The minister cleared his throat to get their attention, causing the audience to snicker. "We're gathered together to join this man and this woman in holy matrimony?" The vows were said and rings exchanged. When he kissed her to seal their vows a loud roar met them. Everyone was on their feet and clapping. 
Their reception was set up at the main house. They danced and ate with their family and friends. When they left for the honeymoon, it was on two horses draped in white satin and roses. He surprised her with a cruise to the Caribbean. 
The love they shared had healed him and he felt whole again. She knew that the man she married was still the hard edged, sometimes stubborn soldier, but she wouldn't take him any other way. As they entered their marriage nothing could get in their way. 
That night as the ship left the port and water swayed them to sleep, neither knew the world existed. It was only them and their love. Together they'd conquered the world. 


Coming soon, Oakley! Don't miss one romantic moment of the Five Oak Series and the lives of the Cauthen brood. 


About the Author
Stephanie Hurt was born in Georgia. She currently lives in Pike County, Georgia, along with her husband Tommy and teenage son Hunter. She's an accountant and also the Children's Ministry director at her Church. She's been writing stories since she was a teenager, but only in the last couple of years decided to publish her novels. She mainly writes romance novels.
Stephanie Payne Hurt loves to hear from fans!
Connect with Author:
Twitter: @StephanieHurt4
Email: stephaniehurt4@gmail.com
Website: stephaniehurtauthor.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/StephaniePayneHurt
Please give a review and let her know what you thought!
 



More from Stephanie Payne Hurt
 "Moonbeam & Roses" 
 "Tender Flames" 1st in the "Flames of Love" Series
 "With All My Heart" 1st in the "Lean on Him" Christian Series
	 "Ghost Lover"		
 "The Winner is Love" 
 "Rekindled Flame" 2nd in the "Flames of Love" Series 
 "A Love Never Lost"
 "Victoria" 1st book in the "Women of Magnolia Hill Saga"
 "Open The Heart" 1st book in the "Alpine Romance" series 
"The Winner Takes All" The 2nd book in "The Winner" series
"Finding the Right Time" A Time Travel Romance
"Emma Rose" 2nd book in the "Women of Magnolia Hill Saga"
"Safe in the Pirate's Arms" 
"Her Wish For Christmas" 3rd book in the "Lean on Him" Christian Series
Coming Soon:

"Oakley" - Book 2 in the "Five Oaks Ranch" Series 

To sign up for Stephanie's newsletter to receive updates on upcoming events, new releases and so much more, go by her website at www.stephaniehurtauthor.com!
While you're at it, join her Street Team and get free books, be the first to receive chapters from unpublished works and win cool prizes from Stephanie's treasure chest of swag!

