RIVER'S RECRUIT
Book One of The Sanctuary Series
Charlotte Abel
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite online book retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.  

By Charlotte Abel
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2012
Chapter One
Prologue

River tried not to think about how far underground they’d traveled; or how many tons of rock pressed down on the ancient tunnels; or how dark it would be if the flickering torches ran out of oil. She desperately tried not to think about how many people were breathing the limited supply of air. 
When she and Mother finally arrived at the entrance to the underground arena, an enforcer stepped in front of them, barring their way. “No children.”
River squared her shoulders, stretching to her full height, but still had to tilt her head back to meet his gaze. “I’m not a child.”
He glanced at River’s flat chest then arched an eyebrow.
She gritted her teeth and tugged the front of her tunic aside, displaying the patronymic tattoos over her heart, proving she’d passed her thirteenth birthday.
The heirs of Sanctuary Mountain tended to look down their noses at surface dwellers like River, but the enforcer’s eyes widened when his gaze fell upon the howling wolf of Asher tattooed over Issachar’s bow. 
That’s right, you simple-minded fool. The blood of two alpha’s flows through my veins.
The enforcer tilted his head to the side without lowering his chin—showing respect without submission. “Forgive me, daughter of Asher and Issachar’s daughter. You may enter.” 
River followed Mother past the upholstered chairs of the ruling class, down seventy-seven steps, to the stone benches reserved for surface dwellers. Their friends and neighbors nodded in greeting as they took their seats on the front row. But no one spoke, as was proper on such a solemn occasion. 
The pit in the center of the cavern was at least twenty feet deep. The only entrance was directly across from River, blocked by an iron gate and guarded by another enforcer. Once the ceremony began, there would be no escape. 
The enforcer nodded to someone in the royal section then opened the gate. The creaking hinges echoed inside the cavern. Two barefoot servant girls in knee-length tunics entered the arena. They smoothed the sand with shallow-toothed rakes then disappeared back inside the tunnel. 
Eli, son of Zebulon’s daughter, swaggered into the arena wearing nothing but a loin cloth. His seventeen-year-old body still had the look of adolescence; but he carried himself with confidence. When he reached the center of the arena, he took a slow breath that expanded his chest then turned around and nodded at the gatekeeper.
A deep growl rumbled out of the tunnel. The sound filled the viewing gallery and echoed off the cavern’s walls. River hugged herself when a huge, black wolf stepped into the arena. The beast’s tail pointed straight up … an alpha male. 
You were supposed to choose the strongest animal you believed you could subdue, but this was absurd.
The tension inside the cavern grew with each passing moment as Eli crept forward. 
The wolf curled its lips back over glistening teeth, wrinkling its muzzle. It lowered its head and slunk to the other side of the arena, hugging the smooth stone wall. Then stopped right below River.
A rim of white completely encircled Eli’s dark blue irises. His hands trembled as he reached towards the wolf. 
River fought the urge to cover her eyes. If Eli didn’t conquer his fear, the merge wouldn’t work. The wolf would destroy him.
The wolf growled then launched its body into the air. It clamped its jaws around Eli’s wrist and jerked its head to the side, throwing him to the ground.
A woman on the other side of the arena screamed. River recognized Eli’s mother, Shula, just before she exploded out of her clothes and shifted into a light gray wolf. A collective gasp, followed by a murmur of disapproval, swept through the crowd. 
Shula knocked a councilman and two of his wives out of their seats as she charged down the stairs and leapt into the arena below. 
The wolf released Eli and backed away from him, amber eyes darting back and forth between the man and this new threat. 
Eli cradled his bloody hand against his naked chest and scrambled to his feet. “Stay out of this, woman! You dishonor me.”
Shula tucked her tail between her legs then darted towards the exit. The enforcer opened the gate and let her pass without so much as a glance.
Eli swiped his bloody hand across his belly then reached out again. This time, when the wolf attacked, Eli embraced it, wrapping his arms and legs around the animal’s body. He clung to the wolf as it writhed, snarling and gnashing its teeth. 
A burst of blinding light forced River to blink and turn away. 
When her vision cleared, Eli was gone. 
The wolf lay on his side, panting, tongue lolling in the sand. It seemed like an eternity before he clambered to his feet and opened his eyes. Instead of amber, they glowed with sapphire light. It worked! Eli merged with his spirit guide!
River expected the crowd to burst into riotous celebration, but there was only a mild ripple of applause.
She looked up at Mother and arched her eyebrows, not certain if she was allowed to speak yet.
Mother smiled, but it didn’t reach her eyes. “Shula’s interference tainted Eli’s victory. If she were not Zebulon’s daughter, the council would punish her.”
River wouldn’t wish that fate on her worst enemy.
Mother patted River’s knee. “Look, he’s shifting back already.”
The party celebrating Eli’s merge began immediately. The cavern where everyone gathered was even larger than the viewing area above the arena. Servants darted in and out of tunnels, bearing platters of food and pitchers of wine. The surface dwellers’ tables were just as heavily laden as the heirs of Sanctuary, but the food was much simpler. River longed to sample the delicacies on the other side of the room, but she was not a thief.
The chattering crowd quieted when Zebulon entered the cavern. He smiled at the crowd but his gaze sent a chill down River’s spine. “I wish to welcome you all on this most joyous occasion.”
So, he was going to ignore Shula’s sin. River searched the crowd of Zebulon’s mates, concubines and descendants arranged behind him in order of importance, but did not see Eli’s mother. She spotted their neighbor, Reuben, with his wife and son, Gabriel. He grinned and waved at her. How had he managed to get in? He was three years younger than River. He was a big kid, and Zebulon’s grandson, so the entrance guards probably hadn’t even questioned him. He’d brag about it for weeks.
Zebulon swept his arm towards the tunnel to his right with a flourish. “I now present my esteemed grandson, Eli, son of Zebulon’s daughter.” 
The crowd cheered and clapped but the tunnel remained empty. A beet-red flush mottled Zebulon’s neck and face. “Eli! Get out here.”
Eli stumbled out of the tunnel, blinking and squinting. His unlaced breeches hung low on his hips. He wore no vest, boots or tunic. Blood seeped through the bandage on his wrist where the wolf bit him.
River cringed, expecting Zebulon to chastise Eli, but the old man clapped with delight and roared with laughter. “I see my blood runs strong in your veins! How many did it take to quench your fever?”
Eli dropped his gaze for a fraction of a second then lifted his chin and puffed out his chest. “Four.”
All the men in the crowd hooted and cheered, including Zebulon. The women clapped, but their responses were much more subdued. 
River tugged on Mother’s sleeve. “He mated with four women?”
“So he claims.”
“But I thought it only took two to cure merge fever for men.”
“The more women a man takes during merge fever, the more esteem he gains with the tribe. It proves his virility and increases his chances of achieving alpha rank. Most heirs of Sanctuary claim three, but Eli needed to make up for Shula’s disgrace.”
At least it only took one man to cure a woman’s fever. River looked forward to the day she merged with her own wolf, but dreaded what came afterwards. Mother had assured her that she would be ready when the time came; that she would want to mate. And that afterwards, her heart would be bound to his for all eternity. She would love her mate more than anything, even her own life. It sounded good, but the fact that women were the only ones that bonded put them at a distinct disadvantage. River did not want to be bound to any man, but there was no other way to cure merge fever. And if you didn’t cure it, you died.
The celebration went on for hours, but River didn’t want it to end. She wasn’t ready to go back to her dreary life where every minute of every day was devoted to survival. Mother tucked a strand of hair behind River’s ear. “Aren’t you getting tired?”
“No.” River tried to stifle a yawn but the harder she tried, the harder it became. She finally gave in and yawned so wide her eyes watered.
Mother smiled then draped an arm over River’s shoulders and led her outside. It was too late to begin the journey home but they couldn’t afford to rent an enclave inside Sanctuary. So, they bedded down in the forest. River fell asleep to the sounds of drunken revelry and woke up a few hours later with a man’s thick palm pressed against her mouth.  
She could barely breathe, much less scream. She writhed, kicked and scratched but the man was too strong. She didn’t recognize him, but she could tell by his paunch and soft, un-calloused hands that he was no surface dweller.
He dragged her away from the campfire, deeper into the shadows. He threw her to the ground, knocking the wind out of her, then straddled her hips and shoved a rag in her mouth. He grabbed both her wrists and yanked her arms above her head. “If you please me, maybe I’ll take you as a concubine.”
River arched her back, trying to wiggle out from under him. 
He slapped her. Hard. “Be still you little whore.”
River bucked even harder.
He laughed, but the sound ended abruptly with a gargling cough that sprayed River’s face with blood. His eyes widened into full circles. He groaned once then fell over sideways. 
“Are you alright?” Mother brushed the tears off River’s cheeks.
“Yes.”
“Can you walk? We need to get out of here.”
River nodded and scrambled to her feet.
They got their horses out of the corral without incident and rode for two days before the enforcers caught up with them.
Three days after their capture, River stood with her head slightly bowed, hands clasped in front of her chest in the proper attitude of submissive humility. But she glared at the white-robed men seated behind the granite altar. Her voice echoed inside the chamber. “I’m almost an adult. I do not need your protection.” 
She’d rather die than live inside that opulent tomb, mated to the highest bidder. But Mother wanted her to live. At thirteen, River was nearly too old to escape the law of extended accountability.  If she were just one year older, she would have paid for her mother’s “crime” with her life as well.
The high-councilman steepled his thick fingers beneath his chin and cocked an eyebrow. “Perhaps; but who’s going to protect us from you?”
If River had any hope of controlling her own destiny, she had to prove she wouldn’t try to avenge Mother’s death. She closed her eyes for a moment then lifted her chin and met the high-councilman’s gaze. “My mother was a criminal; tried and convicted of murder. She shamed me, my ancestors and my father’s memory. I will not mourn her loss nor avenge her death.” 
The words of betrayal left a bitter taste in River’s mouth. But they were the words Mother had begged her to say—right before they led her to the gallows.
The high-councilman narrowed his pale grey eyes and caressed the handle of his oak gavel. His gaze traveled the length of River’s body. “Do you bleed?”
A flush of heat crept up River’s neck and spread across her cheeks. She pressed her lips together and glared at the man as she jerked her head in a quick nod.
“Then there is no reason to postpone your mating.”
River took a deep breath and squared her shoulders. “I haven’t merged with my spirit guide!” 
Once mated, a shifter couldn’t merge with their spirit guide. River would be a servant.
“Silence!” The councilman’s shout ricocheted off the stone walls of the chamber and echoed through the adjoining tunnels. 
River’s face burned. She was sure all of New Eden heard the rebuke. “Forgive me, but if you would just hear me out—”
“We’ve heard quite enough already. It is this council’s decision that you be given to Zebulon. Let him decide your fate.” 
Zebulon? River’s heart hammered against her ribs as her stomach dropped to her feet. 
The high-councilman raised his gavel, but before it fell and sealed River’s destiny, Reuben stepped forward and shouted, “I claim this woman for myself.”
Chapter Two
Five Years Later

Jonathan McKnight tapped on Franklin’s bedroom door then opened it and stuck his head inside. It was hard to believe they were identical twins when you compared their two rooms. Jonathan couldn’t walk across his floor without stepping on something, but Franklin’s floor was clean enough to eat on. It wasn’t even noon yet, and he’d already made his bed. Jonathan couldn’t remember the last time he’d made his. “Hey, Frankie, can I borrow your sleeping bag?”
Franklin sighed, laid his book face down on his desk then turned towards Jonathan and narrowed his eyes. “Why?” 
“I have a date and mine smells like stale beer.”
“That’s disgusting; and the answer is definitely no.” 
Jonathan stepped into Franklin's room then shut the door behind him and leaned against it. “Come on. It’s my last chance to hook up with Carrie.”
“We deploy tomorrow. This is your last chance to spend time with Mom and Dad.”
“Mom’s not even talking to me. She still blames me for your decision to enlist.” 
Franklin scooted his chair away from his desk, folded his arms across his chest and arched his eyebrows. 
Jonathan’s jaw tightened. “No one put a gun to your head and said you had to join up just because I did.” 
Franklin balanced on the back two legs of his chair. “Someone has to keep you out of trouble until you get your head screwed on straight.”
Jonathan hated the way everyone assumed he’d enlisted on a whim. It might have seemed like an impulsive decision, but he’d given it plenty of thought. Franklin was the one that had taken a major detour from his life’s plan. Jonathan hadn’t even had a plan until he started talking to the army recruiter at school. “Seriously, Frankie, why’d you enlist? You know we won’t see much of each other once we get out of basic training.”
“We can hang out when we’re not on missions.”
Jonathan ignored the obvious dig. Franklin had been planning on going on a completely different kind of mission. They both had—until two years ago when Jonathan discovered the pleasures of beer, pot and girls. 
Franklin never wavered from the straight and narrow path. He was a model Mormon, a poster boy for how to live a clean, boring life. 
Jonathan tried to keep the path in sight; but he enjoyed his side trips too much to give them up. He’d repent later; when he was too old to have fun. “I’ll give you fifty bucks.”
“I’m not going to help you commit a mortal sin. And even if that weren’t an issue, I still wouldn’t loan you my sleeping bag. That’s just gross.”
“Where’s that fabric freshener stuff Mom uses?”
Franklin stood up and crossed the room then put his hands on Jonathan’s shoulders. “Don’t do this.”
Jonathan grinned and patted Franklin’s cheek. “Don’t worry about it, Frankie. You’re righteous enough for both of us.”
“It doesn’t work that way and you know it. And what about Carrie? If you really loved her, you wouldn’t even think about taking her virtue.”
“Jeeze, Frankie! I'm not taking anything she doesn't want to give. And I never said I loved her.” A twinge of guilt pricked Jonathan’s conscience. He’d already decided to drop the L-bomb if nothing else worked. He and Carrie slid into second base on their first date and rounded third more than once since then. But she refused to go any further, claiming she wanted to save herself for marriage. But after last weekend, there wasn’t much left to save. There was no way in hell he was going into combat as a virgin. 
Franklin cleared his throat. “Are you going to be careful?”
“What do you mean?” Jonathan knew exactly what Franklin was asking but couldn’t resist the temptation to tease him.
Franklin rolled his eyes. “Do you have protection?”
Jonathan smacked his forehead with an open palm. “Oh man, I knew I was forgetting something. Do you still have that sample pack they gave out in health class last year?”
A deep crimson flush spread up Franklin’s neck, across his cheeks and over the tops of his ears. “I threw it away.”
Jonathan laughed and punched Franklin’s shoulder. “I’m just messing with you. Don’t worry, I got it covered. And, yes, the pun was intentional.”
The back seat of the Mustang wasn’t exactly ideal for a couple of virgins. Things were awkward enough without the added challenge of trying to seal the deal in such a small space. That’s why Jonathan decided to take Carrie out to his family’s old gold mine for a private tour. Dad was thinking of reopening the mine so he’d had it inspected. The first twenty feet was solid rock. It’d take a major earthquake to bring it down. They’d stay in the entrance, just deep enough to block the wind. The prospect of getting laid should be enough to keep Jonathan’s claustrophobia under control. It wasn’t the most romantic place, but it was private.
Jonathan would have sprung for a hotel room, but that would have been too obvious. Carrie liked to pretend that every bit of progress in their physical relationship was an accident. If she wanted to claim that they’d been swept away by passion and that neither of them had planned for it to happen, well, who was he to argue? He patted his back pocket to be sure the condoms were still there then grabbed the sleeping bag out of the trunk.
Carrie arched her eyebrows. “What’s that for?”
“To sit on. The ground inside the mine is really cold.” Okay, that was lame, but Carrie didn’t call him on it. She didn’t object when he led her inside the mine and unrolled the sleeping bag. She even grinned at him when he kicked off his Tony Lamas and crawled inside. Things were looking good. Jonathan unzipped it a little further and lifted the corner. “Wanna snuggle?”
Carrie giggled, stepped out of her dainty, little shoes and slid in next to him. He knew the drill. He had to kiss her and rub her back for at least five minutes before she’d let him unbutton her shirt. So far, so good. He fumbled around with her bra for another couple of minutes before realizing it was one of those Victoria’s Secret contraptions that fastened in the front. But how did it fasten? It wasn’t a hook. Should he ask her to help him out or just keep pawing at it?
“Jonathan, stop.” Carrie grabbed his wrist and moved his hand to her shoulder. But then she scooted closer, accidentally-on-purpose brushing against him.
Jonathan gritted his teeth and rolled onto his back. Carrie was driving him crazy. Her mouth said ‘stop’ but the rest of her was saying ‘go, go, go.’ It didn’t matter. He never ignored a girl’s request to stop.
Carrie nuzzled his neck and whispered, “You don’t have to stop everything. Kiss me.”
 Jonathan hated this game. They’d been playing it forever during their on-again-off-again relationship. “I’m leaving for Camp Pendleton tomorrow. This is our last chance.”
“Don’t say that.” Carrie’s voice wavered. 
Jonathan hadn’t meant to imply that he wasn’t coming back at all; but he might as well roll with it. “I don’t want to go to war without knowing what it’s like to be as close as two people can be.”
Carrie grabbed his face and crushed her lips against his, bumping teeth. She thrust her tongue into his mouth and groaned.
Ugh. Her TicTac must have dissolved. Jonathan didn’t want to ruin the moment by offering her another one, but jeeze…who orders roasted garlic on a date? He pulled his mouth from hers and nibbled his way down her throat.
Carrie froze. Her entire body stiffened beneath Jonathan’s.
What now? He hadn’t even unhooked her bra yet.
She pushed him off and sat up. “Did you hear that?”
“Hear what?” He trailed his fingers up her spine onto her shoulders and tried to guide her back into his arms.
She grabbed her blouse and clutched it to her chest. 
Great. It had taken him thirty minutes to get the damn thing off of her. If she put it back on, he might as well give up and go home.
Something growled. 
The sound came from deep inside the mine. Okay, maybe this wasn’t such a good idea after all. Jonathan slid out of the sleeping bag and fumbled around in the dark for his flashlight. 
He directed the beam into the tunnel. The hair on the back of his neck stood on end. Is that a wolf? The animal was freaking huge; black with a diamond shaped patch of white fur between its glowing, blue eyes. Blue? Didn’t wolves have yellow eyes?
Carrie whimpered and clung to Jonathan’s arm, jiggling the flashlight.
Jonathan lowered his voice to a whisper. “Move slowly and go get in the car.”
“I’m scared.”
“I can’t protect you if you don’t let go.” Jonathan kept his voice low and spoke slowly. “Just back up nice and easy and walk to the car.” 
Carrie finally let go then turned and ran out of the mine, shrieking like a banshee.
Jonathan snatched a rock off the ground expecting the wolf to give chase. It didn’t. It bared its teeth and growled at Jonathan.
“Oh, you want a piece of me, do you? Well, come and get it.” 
The wolf crept closer, growling and snapping its teeth.
Jonathan aimed at the diamond patch between its eyes and hurled the rock. 
The wolf yelped then collapsed on the ground.
Jonathan backed out of the mine then turned and walked to the car, fighting the urge to run as he watched over his shoulder.
He was almost there when the wolf staggered out of the entrance. Moonlight glinted off its sleek, black fur. Foam dripped off its canine teeth. Was the animal rabid, or just pissed?
Jonathan grabbed the door handle and gave it a yank, but only managed to rock the car. Are you kidding me? He pounded on the hood. “Carrie, unlock the door!”
Nothing. The wolf crept closer.
Jonathan peeked in the window and found Carrie curled up in a ball with her hands over her face. He picked up another rock.
The wolf looked over its shoulder into the mine then turned and bolted into the forest. 
Jonathan dropped the rock and knocked on the window. “It’s okay. The wolf’s gone.”
Carrie finally popped the lock.
Jonathan slid behind the wheel. “Why’d you lock the doors?”
“I was scared.”
“Of what?” Jonathan couldn’t believe she was that stupid. “Wolves don’t have opposable thumbs. It wasn’t going to open the door and climb in next to you.”
“I’m sorry.” Carrie turned on the water works. Her shoulders shook as she sobbed.
Jonathan pulled her close and pressed her head against his shoulder. He hated it when girls cried. “It’s okay. We’re both safe.”
Carrie fisted his shirt in her hands and clung to him. 
Maybe the night wasn’t a total bust after all. Nothing could jump start a make-out session better than the fear of dying.
“You wanna get in the back?”
Carrie sniffed and nodded her head. “Can you get my shoes? I left them in the mine.”
“Can’t we get them later? There might be more wolves in there. They travel in packs.”
“Those are Coach shoes. I just bought them yesterday.”
“Fine.” He might as well grab his own boots and sleeping bag while he was at it. “But this time, don’t lock the door.”
Jonathan picked up another rock, just in case, and headed toward the mine.
An earth-shaking blast knocked him to the ground. He covered his head as dirt, splintered wood and small rocks rained down on him.
What the hell? Was that a bomb? So much for getting laid.
River

River kissed the white speckles on Sugar’s muzzle that had inspired the mare’s name. She’d never seen the substance, much less tasted it, but Reuben had. She shifted her gaze to his face. “How’s she doing?”
Reuben frowned and shook his head. “The foal’s breech. Scrub up.”
Reuben moved to the left, making room for River. “After the next contraction, I’m going to push the foal as far forward as I can. I need you to reach in there and see if you can find a foot.”
River slid her hand in beside Reuben's. 
“Here we go.” His face reddened as he pushed. “Trace the hip all the way down the leg until you find the hoof.”
Reuben had already ruptured the amniotic sac, so it was relatively easy for River to follow his instructions. “Got it! Now what?” 
“Cup the hoof and fetlock in your hand to protect the uterus then guide the foot through the pelvic opening, into the birth canal.”
River was afraid of hyperextending the foal’s joints, so she hesitated.
“Don’t worry about hurting the foal. It’s probably dead. We need to save your mare.”
River hated to lose the foal, but she’d raised and trained Sugar herself. She couldn’t bear the thought of losing her. She gritted her teeth and forced the foal’s foot into the birth canal. As soon as she let go to grab the other foot, the foal jerked its leg back into the uterus. “Hey!”
Reuben chuckled. “Looks like I wrote her off too soon.” 
“Her? How do you know it’s a filly?”
“Only a female would be this stubborn.” Reuben tilted his head towards the steaming bucket of water in the far corner of the stall. “Grab a couple of bandages and tie slip knots in the ends.”
River resisted the urge to wipe her hands on her apron and used a sterile pair of tongs to pull the strips of fabric out of the scalding water.
She had to wait for the bandages to cool and for Sugar’s next contraction to end before she could try again. This time when she got the foot into the birth canal, she positioned the looped end of one of the bandages above the fetlock and tightened it like a noose then repeated the procedure with the left leg.
Reuben pulled his hand out and grabbed one of the cloth strips. “You take the other one and when I say ‘go,’ pull back and down as hard as you can. Don’t stop until the foal’s all the way out.”
“What if Sugar stops contracting before we get it out?” You were supposed to work with the mare’s body, not against it.
“The umbilical cord is going to be pinched closed before the head’s delivered. This little one’s not out of the woods yet.”
River followed Reuben’s lead and wrapped the end of the cloth strip around her wrist three times then across her palm twice before tightening her fist.
Reuben nodded and grinned at River. “Pull!”
As soon as the shoulders were delivered, a gush of amber liquid poured out of Sugar. Reuben wrapped his free arm around the foal’s upper body and lowered her to the straw-covered ground. Reuben had guessed correctly. The foal was female.
River dropped to her knees. “She’s not breathing!”
Reuben slid an arm under the foal’s flanks and lifted her rear into the air. More of the amber liquid poured out of her nose and mouth. The filly coughed and wheezed then shook her head and looked right at River.
She didn’t want to risk the foal not bonding with Sugar, so she resisted the urge to pet her and joined Reuben on the other side of the stall. He pulled a sterile bandage out of the bucket and started wiping the muck off his upper body. “What’s her name?”
River’s lips parted in a grin. “You want me to name her?”
“Without your help, she wouldn’t have made it.”
The filly was sired by Reuben’s prize stallion, Thunder. She had a blaze on her forehead shaped like a lightning bolt, but Gabriel’s horse was already named Lightning.
“How about Thunder’s Storm? We can call her Stormy.”
Reuben smiled. “I like it.”
River’s chest swelled with joy as she watched Stormy scramble to her feet for the first time. “I’ll never get tired of witnessing the miracle of birth.”
Worry lines creased Reuben’s brow and deepened the wrinkles around his eyes. “I need to talk to you about something.”
River couldn’t think of anything she’d done recently that warranted a lecture. Especially not after helping save Stormy. “Am I in trouble?”
Reuben chuckled and shook his head. “I want to discuss your future. Let’s go to the cleansing pools. We can talk about it while we soak.”
River was eighteen, old enough to force a merge. Hannah had been on bed rest for months with a difficult pregnancy. Reuben refused to use a whore or servant girl to meet his needs. 
River’s mouth was suddenly so dry she couldn’t swallow. She knew what this was about. Reuben was going to ask her to mate with him.
The trek to the cleansing pools was only a twenty-minute hike, but River’s heart hammered in her chest as if she’d been running for hours. She’d known this day was coming ever since Reuben had first claimed her five years ago. She’d dreamed of becoming his beta and bearing his children. She was nervous about mating, but merge fever would change that. Maybe he’d already trapped a wolf for her.
When they got to the cleansing pool, Reuben unlaced his vest. “Did you hear the wild pack howling last night?”
River nodded. This is it.
“I told Gabriel to set a couple of live traps this morning.” Reuben peeled his shirt off then dropped his hands to the rawhide ties on the front of his breeches.
“Oh?” Surface dwellers like River and Reuben were accustomed to nudity. She’d seen his naked body hundreds of times, and he hers. There was no reason to be self-conscious. 
“Most women your age have already merged.”
“I know.” River turned her back and untied the laces of her vest with shaking fingers. 
By the time she was undressed, Reuben was already half submerged, arms stretched out like eagle’s wings on the smooth stones bordering the cleansing pool. 
River trembled as she descended the steps into the hot mineral water. She took her usual seat, across from Reuben…and waited.
Reuben closed his eyes and slid lower, resting his head against the boulder behind him. 
River chewed on her thumbnail as she studied her soon-to-be mate. He was a blacksmith, as well as an enforcer, so he kept his hair trimmed short and his beard shaved. Even relaxed, his muscles bulged as if straining under a heavy load. 
Reuben’s lips parted, releasing a soft snore.
River squeezed her fist and squirted a stream of water at him.
He jerked awake and blinked then swiped the water off his face. “What was that for?”
“You said you wanted to talk to me.”
Reuben sighed then stared at her, as if deciding how to broach the subject. Was he nervous? Surely, he knew that she’d be honored to accept his offer. Besides, Reuben was Zebulon’s son. He could take any woman he desired, whether she agreed or not—except Reuben wasn’t the sort of man to take a woman against her will, even if it was his right to do so.
River rested her chin on her knees and held her breath. She turned her head, just a little. Exposing her neck. If that didn’t encourage him, nothing would.
“Have you experienced any desires to mate?”
Heat spread up River’s throat and across her cheeks. She ducked her chin and pulled her braid over her shoulder, covering her neck. Had she been too bold? “I’m not sure.”
Reuben smiled. “You’d know if you had. How do you feel about Jesse as a potential mate?”
Jesse? River blinked and shook her head. Quick little jerks that did nothing to help process what she’d just heard. “But…I belong to you.”
Reuben’s eyes widened as his lips parted. “River. I can’t mate with you.”
“I know I’ll never be as pretty as Hannah, but as soon as I have your baby in me, my breasts will grow and—”
“That’s not the problem.”
“I’ll spend more time in the house, I’ll learn to cook and clean and—”
“River, stop.” Reuben dropped his head into his hands. “How can I explain this?”
“If I’m not good enough to be your beta, take me as a concubine.” 
Reuben’s head snapped up. “With your bloodlines, you deserve nothing less than alpha status.”
“I don’t care about status.” River loved Hannah as much as she did Reuben. Some women treated beta mates and concubines like servants, but Hannah wasn’t like that. River wouldn’t find a better home than the one she already had.
“River…” The pity in Reuben’s voice stung worse than his rejection.
“Why did you claim me if you never intended to mate with me?” River kept her tears at bay, but couldn’t keep the tremor out of her voice.
“It was your mother’s last request.”
River had never been so humiliated in her life. She hopped her butt up onto the stone border and climbed out of the cleansing pool. She couldn’t bear another moment of Reuben’s pity. 
“Where are you going?”
 “My nose is a little stuffy, so I think I’ll go sit in the steam cave for awhile. I’ll see you back at the stable.” River’s congestion was caused by unshed tears, but she didn’t want Reuben to know that. She didn’t want him to know just how deeply his rejection had wounded her.
Eli

Eli stayed in his wolf form as long as possible, which wasn’t nearly long enough. His outsider clothes were buried under a ton of rubble. His own clothes were stowed in his pack on Old Red’s back. It was too cold to hike naked, but he had to shift back early enough to give his wolf’s scent a chance to fade before Old Red got a whiff of him. He was in no mood to deal with a belligerent horse. 
What a fiasco. This was supposed to be a simple mission. Slip in, set the charge, slip out and wait for it to go boom. No witnesses, no casualties, no problems.
Everything was going fine until those two kids showed up. Letting an outsider see you in wolf form was a serious crime, but Eli thought he could stay hidden in the dark and scare them off with a few vicious growls. He hadn’t expected the boy to shine a light on him. And he sure as hell didn’t expect him to stand his ground, or knock him out with a rock. Outsiders were usually such cowards. 
Eli rubbed the still growing lump on his forehead. How was he going to explain that? Or the fact that he’d miscalculated the amount of C-4 he needed to flood the mine? The blast was supposed to take advantage of a fault under Turquoise Lake, not blow up half the mountain. The council wanted it to look like a natural disaster, not a terrorist attack. 
He needed to hole up and lick his wounds before reporting back to Jesse. 
When he got to the spot where he’d tied Old Red to a tree, all he found was a broken rope. “Damn your sorry hide, Red!”
He knew he shouldn’t blame Old Red for bolting. That blast would have spooked even the calmest horse. It had stopped Eli’s heart, and he knew it was coming. He pressed his palms against his ears, but it didn’t help. What if the ringing never went away?
It took him half the night to find his horse and the rest of the night to make it back into New Eden. He was exhausted, in pain, and in no mood for a dressing down by his commanding officer. A couple of hours relaxing in a steam cave would go a long way towards restoring Eli’s spirit as well as his body.
The steam cave and cleansing pools were on the edge of Reuben’s territory. Technically, he should ask before entering, but Eli was family so he wasn’t exactly trespassing. Still, the last couple of time’s he’d run into Reuben, he’d been about as friendly as a wet cat. The man’s only mate was on bed rest until she whelped his pup so it was no wonder he was testy. He really needed to take another mate, or at least use a whore.
Eli tied Old Red to the hitching post with what was left of his rope, then stripped and stuffed his clothes back inside his pack. He ducked his head and crawled into the steam cave.
“Hey! Get outta here!”
Eli jerked his head up and banged it on the cavern’s ceiling. He mumbled a few choice swear words under his breath and rubbed the sore spot.
A skinny, adolescent female with waist-length black hair, tear-streaked cheeks and dark eyes glared at Eli. She scooted her butt across the stone bench and plastered herself against the back wall of the cavern. “Stay away from me.” 
Damn, that wall had to be at least a hundred and ten degrees. “I’m not going to hurt you, kid. I just want to unwind a little.”
“Well, do it somewhere else.”
“This is the only steam cave within twenty miles—”
“Go back to your mountain. Use your own steam cave.”
So, she knew who he was…or at least that he was an heir of Sanctuary. “It’s too far.”
“Not my problem.”
She looked familiar, but Eli couldn’t quite place where he might have seen her. She had the golden, tanned skin of a surface dweller so there was no reason he should know her. No servant would dare speak to him with such disrespect but she was too young to be anyone’s concubine or mate. “I know your laws. As long as I remain unaroused—and believe me, that won’t be a problem—there’s no reason we can’t share the cave.”
“I’ll give you a reason, but you won’t like it.”
The little vixen was feisty. “How old are you, kid? And what’s your name?”
“Old enough to kick your ass. And none of your business.”
Eli laughed. 
The girl’s hand moved so fast, it was a blur. 
He didn’t even have time to duck. The rock hit him square in the chest. “Hey!”
Until last night, no one had dared throw anything at Eli. That was twice in twenty-four hours that someone had hit him with a rock.
“Get outta my cave!” 
Feisty females were cute and entertaining. Belligerent, disrespectful of authority and rock-throwing brats were not. “This is not your cave and you need to watch your mouth little girl.”
“I’m not a little girl. I’m eighteen.”
Eighteen? Eli doubted it. She looked to be about fifteen, maybe sixteen at the most. But however old she was, she had a good arm. He’d come here to relax, not get pelted with rocks. 
He held up both hands and backed towards the entrance. “Okay, okay. I can tell when I’m not welcome. See you around, kid.”
“Not if I can help it.”
She hurled another rock but Eli was expecting it, so he had time to duck. It whizzed past his ear and struck something behind him with a dull thud. Eli whirled around and nearly ran into Uncle Reuben.
He grabbed Eli’s arm with one hand and rubbed his bruised shoulder with the other. “What’s going on in here?”
Eli shrugged and twisted out of Reuben’s grasp. “It looks like you have a trespasser.”
The girl stood up and marched towards Eli. She was skinny and underdeveloped with narrow hips and small breasts but much older than he’d originally thought. Maybe she really was eighteen.
She shook her finger at him as if he were a wayward child. “You are the trespasser.”
Ordinarily, Eli wouldn’t have been attracted to her at all, but he hadn’t been with Aspen, or any other woman, for over a month. He couldn’t keep his body from responding to the naked girl any more than he could keep from breathing. 
He turned his back to hide his predicament from the girl, but unfortunately, that meant he couldn’t hide it from Uncle Reuben.
Reuben growled and bared his teeth as he moved between Eli and the girl, guarding her. He’d given up half his power—as well as half his life expectancy—when he shared the gift of his wolf with Hannah. But he was still a one hundred twenty-year-old alpha, in his prime, and extremely dangerous.
Eli ducked his chin, but Reuben continued to growl. His eyes shifted from brown to amber.
Eli couldn’t keep from whimpering as he lowered his gaze and turned his head to the side, exposing his neck. 
Reuben continued to glare at Eli as he spoke to the girl. “Get dressed and go home. I want to have a talk with this young pup.”
As soon as the girl left the steam cave, Reuben’s eyes returned to their normal shade of brown.
Eli waited until the girl disappeared from sight then jumped to his own defense.
“I just finished my mission. I was tired. I wasn’t paying attention. I didn’t know she was in there, I swear.”
“Eli.”
“Yes, sir.”
“What happened?”
“She threw a rock at me and told me to get out.”
Reuben nodded. “That sounds like River.”
The bands of anxiety around Eli's chest loosened, but he remained guarded. “I’m sorry.”
“I’ll bet you are. She has a good arm.”
Eli rubbed his chest. “You can say that again.”
“Looks like she wasn’t the first.”
“What?”
“Your forehead?” Reuben picked his breeches up off the ground and stepped into them. 
“Oh, that.” Eli touched the egg-sized bump and grimaced. He refused to admit that an outsider had gotten the best of him. Reuben had been an Enforcer for nearly a century. His interrogatory skills were legendary. He’d know if Eli was lying, but a half-truth might work. It would give him a chance to try out his story before he had to report to Jesse. “That happened during my mission to sabotage the McKnight Mine.”
“So, what do you think of her?”
“Excuse me?”
“Are you attracted to River?”
“She’s a little young…”
“She’s eighteen.”
“Who’s courting her?” Eli slid past Reuben and pulled his clothes out of his pack.
“No one.”
“What’d she do? Chuck a rock at her betrothed?” Eli relaxed a little as soon as he tugged his breeches on.
“River was never betrothed. I had a first stage courting contract on her, but annulled it last year.”
The girl must be the orphan Reuben claimed after her mother was executed for murder. At least he knew where she got her temper and violent disposition—and why Reuben changed his mind about taking her as a mate. 
“You didn’t answer my question.” Reuben’s back and chest expanded as he pulled his tunic on over his head. The man could crush Eli like a fly if he were so inclined. “Are you attracted to River?”
This felt like a trap. “Why do you ask?”  
“I love River as if she were my own daughter.”
“Then I would never—”
“I want you to court her.”
“Mother is choosing my alpha and beta mates.” Since he had no chance of claiming the woman he loved, he didn’t care who filled those highly coveted roles. As long as it wasn’t some hateful brat that thought it was okay to throw rocks at him.
“Did you see the brands over River’s heart?”
“No.” He’d been too busy looking at other parts of her. His heart belonged to Aspen, but he was still a man.
“River, daughter of Asher and Issachar’s daughter, has excellent bloodlines. Shula will approve the match.” 
Using River’s full name was a low blow. Eli’s father was an unknown outsider so his own name—Eli, son of Zebulon’s daughter—was pathetically simple. Not only was he two generations removed from the only alpha in his line, it was on his mother’s side. “Asher and Issachar were both powerful alpha’s but they were surface dwellers.”
“What’s your point?” Reuben narrowed his eyes—his glowing amber eyes. 
“No offense, Uncle Reuben.” Eli emphasized the word ‘Uncle’ to remind Reuben of their blood connection and took two steps back. “I only meant that River’s people have always been surface dwellers. She might not want to live inside Sanctuary.”
Reuben’s eyes returned to normal. “Then join us on the surface. You could spend more time with Paul.”
Eli swallowed around the lump in his throat and dropped his gaze, pretending to focus on the mindless task of lacing his vest. Reuben had called in every favor and sold half his herd to buy Paul—and Eli was grateful for it—but  every time he heard his son call Reuben ‘Pa,’ it tied another knot in Eli’s gut. He did his best to stay as far away from Reuben’s ranch as possible.
Reuben tightened and tied the laces on his breeches. “Of course, I’d expect you to honor our agreement and maintain your relationship as his cousin.”
You expect too much. Eli clenched his jaw to keep his mouth shut. He didn’t want to offend Reuben. Hope stirred in Eli’s breast as he realized a way he might be able to work this situation to his advantage. Hope was a dangerous thing. He’d worked hard to eliminate it—but here it was again, clawing its way out of his chest, opening old wounds. “If I agree to court River, will you help me secure Aspen’s freedom?”
“She’s a common whore.”
“Because of me!” Eli’s nails dug into the palms of his fisted hands. His body trembled. He could tell from the way his eyes burned that they were glowing. His wolf wanted out. “It’s my fault.” 
Reuben balanced on one foot, then the other as he pulled his boots on. “She was betrothed to Solomon when you trapped a wolf for her to merge with and then mated with her. What did you think would happen?”
“Solomon was her parent’s choice, not Aspen’s. We thought that once she was bound to me, Solomon wouldn’t want her. He already had an alpha and a beta. Aspen would have been his fifth mate, little more than a concubine. He never even tried to court her. Aspen begged me to help her. If I’d thought for even one moment that the council would rule against us, I never would have risked it.”
Eli couldn’t restore Aspen’s social station. He couldn’t give her their son, but he might be able to restore at least a portion of her honor. And in the process, secure his own happiness. He tried to keep the excitement out of his voice. “I’ll take River as my alpha—if you give me Aspen as a concubine.”
“I was at your merge ceremony. You mated with two women, so I know you aren’t bound to Aspen.”
“I mated with four women.” In truth, Eli had only managed two, but Mother had paid the remaining two whores to swear that he’d taken them as well. It was all part of her campaign to promote Eli’s political career. A career he didn’t want. “And of course I didn’t bond with Aspen. Men don’t bond.”
“Then why are you so obsessed with her?”
“You don’t have to be bound to someone to love them.” Eli leaned against Red’s shoulder to maintain his balance as he pulled on his boots. He wasn’t nearly as agile as Reuben. “What’s the point of this interrogation?”
“Is there room in your heart for more than one woman?”
Eli closed his eyes and sighed. “I’ll provide for River and protect her, as I will all of my mates. I’ll sire as many children with her as she wants, but I won’t lie. River will be alpha in name only. Aspen will always have first place in my heart.”
“Would you be willing to take River as your alpha, even if she didn’t bond with you?”
“She won’t want me if she’s bound to someone else.”
“I don’t want her bound to anyone.”
“You want her to mate before she merges?” Surely not. That was a death sentence. It would shorten her life to that of an ordinary human.
“I want her to have the same freedom from bondage that you have.”
“That’s not possible.”
Reuben chuckled and slapped Eli’s back. He kept his hand on his shoulder and squeezed it until Eli grimaced and pulled away. 
“Actually, it is. But you don’t need to know the particulars unless you agree to my terms.”
“Which are?” 
“No one must ever doubt that River is your alpha. Her children will inherit your birthright, even if they are sired by another man.”
At first, Eli was too stunned to speak. Why would such a demand be necessary? Women only mated with one man. Occasionally a poor widow might take another mate, but it was always as a last resort, when she couldn’t afford to feed her children.
“And most importantly, you will allow River to do whatever it takes to prevent bonding after she merges.”
“Are you saying that a woman can prevent bonding by mating with more than one man?” Such a thing had never occurred to Eli, but it made sense.
“You will allow River to remain on the surface, even if you decide to reside inside Sanctuary Mountain. And you will never physically punish her; nor will you allow anyone else to do so, even if it requires you take her place as proxy.”
Eli broke out in a cold sweat. River was headstrong and hot tempered. She was bound to commit at least one crime during their lifetime.
“What if I court River, but she doesn’t want to be my alpha?” River obviously didn’t like Eli any more than he liked her. It wouldn’t be hard to insure her rejection.
“Then you have no promise.” Reuben smiled, but it was the predatory grin of his wolf. “I’m not a fool, Eli.”
Reuben had lost favor and political clout when he left Sanctuary Mountain to claim his recruit as his alpha mate, but that was over a hundred years ago. He was still Zebulon’s son and still a high-ranking enforcer. It was worth a shot, but Eli needed his own guarantee. “I’ll court River, but I won’t make her my alpha until after Aspen is released from the brothel.”
Reuben locked his gaze on Eli’s face. “Keep your paws off River until after she’s merged with her wolf.”
“Of course.”
“Jesse is your superior officer, right?”
“Yes, sir.”
“I’ll have you transferred to my unit for the winter.”
“I don’t want any special favors.” Eli swallowed even though his mouth was suddenly dry. He didn’t want to spend the winter on the surface while Aspen was locked inside Sanctuary Mountain.
“It’s not a favor. I want to keep an eye on you while you’re courting River.”
Eli nodded. What choice did he have?
River

River stomped down the trail toward home. She didn’t even stop to get dressed. The laces of her vest smacked against her thigh as she swung her arms, but the sting of the rawhide strips gave her something to focus on other than her humiliation. It was bad enough that Reuben saw her as a daughter instead of a desirable woman. But then that arrogant jackass, Eli, had also insulted her. He’d called her a little girl. “Gah!” 
She smacked the side of a boulder with her vest and then with her breeches. Hannah would give her hell if she tore a hole in the buckskin, but it felt good to unleash her fury on something. 
She jerked her clothes on and shoved her feet into her boots then tipped her face to the sky and screamed, “I am not a child!” She realized, even as she did it, that her tantrum did not support her declaration. Her temper cooled, leaving her with nothing but humiliation and shame.
She went straight to the stable to seek comfort from Sugar. She threw her arms around her neck and buried her face in her mane. “Reuben doesn’t want to mate with me.”
“River?” Gabriel’s head peeked over the stall. He was only fifteen, but he was nearly as tall as Reuben.
River groaned. If she’d known he was in there, she would have gone somewhere else to cry. “Go away.”
Gabriel slipped into Sugar’s stall and pulled River against his chest. “I’ll mate with you.”
“You can’t.” River didn’t want to hurt Gabriel’s feelings, but there was no way she’d ever mate with him. “You haven’t merged yet.”
“I’ll ask Pa to let me force it.”
“Force what?” Reuben stepped into the stable.
River tried to pull away from Gabriel, but he only held her tighter. 
He threw his shoulders back and lifted his chin. “I want to merge early so I’ll be ready for River.”
“No.”
“Why not? You don’t want her.”
Gabriel’s words stung.
“I’m your father and your alpha. I don’t have to give you a reason.” Power rolled off Reuben, agitating the horses. Thunder kicked his stall. Reuben reined his wolf in and gentled his voice. “But I’ll give you several. You’re too young. Forcing a merge before you’ve finished growing is dangerous. You’re still an apprentice with no way to support a family. And I’ve already found a mate for River.”
River ran through a mental list of all the men that had yet to choose their alpha or beta mates and came up short. Reuben had just told her he wouldn’t let someone take her as a lesser mate, or a concubine. “Who?” 
Reuben looked up, as if he’d forgotten she was even there. “My nephew, Eli, son of Zebulon’s daughter.”
Gabriel pressed his lips together and flared his nostrils. His chest heaved with each ragged breath as he tried to maintain eye contact with Reuben. It was a valiant effort, but Gabriel couldn’t defy a fully grown alpha. Not yet. He dropped his gaze and lowered his head, then bolted out of the stable.
River tried to swallow around the lump in her throat, but only managed to gulp air. “I’m not mating with Eli. He doesn’t even like me.”
“Just keep an open mind while he courts you.”
“What did you do? Promise to promote him if he took me off your hands?”
Reuben closed his eyes and rubbed his forehead, confirming her suspicions. He moved his hand to the back of his neck and rolled his head, as if he was in pain. “If you aren’t mated before Gabriel’s sixteenth birthday, I’ll let him force an early merge.”
“I love Gabriel but not like that. I can’t mate with him.”
Reuben smiled, but it didn’t reach his eyes. “Now you know how I feel about you.”
Chapter Three
Shattered

Jonathan sat on his bunk and unwrapped the elastic bandage around his foot. Of all the ways he could have gotten injured in a war zone, how stupid was it to sprain his damn ankle hopping out of a Humvee? The guys in his unit teased him for being SLL…sick, lame and lazy. They didn’t mean anything by it, but it still bugged him. If anyone got wounded on patrol while he was stuck on base, he’d never forgive himself.
He hobbled to the showers, hung his dogtags and towel on a hook then stepped under the steaming stream of water. A leisurely shower was a rare treat, but Jonathan couldn’t enjoy it. Not with his team out on patrol, sweltering in the heat, choking on the sunbaked dust that permeated everything and crusted their sweaty bodies like a second skin. 
He squeegeed the water off his arms and chest with his hands then reached behind him for his towel. It wasn’t there. 
A sharp snap, followed by a stinging pain on the side of his hip, startled him. Jonathan whirled around, putting too much weight on his injured ankle. Damn, that hurt.  He glanced at the soldier’s sleeve, checking his rank, before deciding to cuss the guy out. But when he lifted his gaze to the soldier’s face, his mouth fell open.
Franklin grinned and handed Jonathan the towel. “Get dressed. I’ve got a job for you.” 
Franklin was the LDS chaplain’s assistant so he travelled all over Afghanistan; but this was only the second time he’d visited Jonathan’s base.
“Frankie! What are you doing here?” Jonathan wrapped the towel around his waist then bear-hugged his twin.
“We’re heading over to Bagram to give a couple of the guys a priesthood blessing. We could use an extra gun on the drive. Wanna go?”
“Hell, yeah.”
Franklin grinned and punched Jonathan’s shoulder. “Do us both a favor and watch your language in front of the chaplain.”
Jonathan rolled his eyes. “Hell’s not even a real swear word.”
The chaplain fell asleep in the back before they’d even made it off base, giving Jonathan and Franklin a chance to talk. He stayed asleep even when the pot-hole riddled, bone jarring, teeth rattling excuse for a road turned into little more than a goat path. It was a challenge even for the rugged Humvee. It’d be a miracle if the decrepit van in front of them made it up the next hill. 
The hair on the back of Jonathan’s neck stood on end. He was probably just being paranoid, but the road was going to get a lot narrower in less than a half mile; perfect for an ambush. “Hey Frankie, can you get around this guy? I’ve got a bad feeling about this.”
Franklin didn’t argue. He didn’t ask why. He didn’t even arch an eyebrow. He just rolled down his window and leaned his head outside, edging closer to the sheer cliff on the side of the mountain.
River

Thunder’s sides heaved. He blew foam with every breath, but River was desperate. She couldn’t slow down to spare the horse. Hannah had been in hard labor for over twenty-four hours. Two midwives, working together failed to turn the baby. Reuben’s sister, Shula was a doctor. She couldn’t use any outsider medicine, but maybe her advanced medical skills could save Hannah. 
River turned Thunder over to the stable boy and ran towards Sanctuary Mountain’s hidden entrance.
“Halt.” The guard’s voice was stern but not harsh. “State your business.”
“River, daughter of Asher and Issachar’s daughter, requests an audience with Shula, daughter of Zebulon and Israel’s daughter.” River’s heart pounded. The last time she’d been inside Sanctuary Mountain, Mother had been falsely accused, tried and executed.
The guard glanced at her face then threw his shoulders back as he tilted his head to the left and dipped his chin. “You may enter.” 
These Sanctuary Mountain types were so impressed with bloodlines it was pathetic. “Can someone please escort me to Shula’s quarters? I don’t know the way.”
“I’ll take her.” A young enforcer stepped out of the shadows and lit a torch. 
River’s blood ran cold when she recognized Eli. She couldn’t stand him, but the fact that he never showed his face at the ranch after Reuben told her he’d arranged to have Eli court her was insulting.
Eli turned towards the entrance and pointed at a child in servant’s clothing. “You there, fetch me a ration of jerky and fruit. Bring it to my enclave.”
“Yes, sir.” The boy bowed at the waist then took off at a dead run, his bare feet slapping the smooth rock floor of the tunnel.
Eli jerked his head towards the entrance. “Let’s go.”
River ducked her head, to hide her flaming cheeks. “Yes, sir.” 
“Don’t pretend to honor me by bowing in my presence or addressing me as ‘sir.’”
“I wasn’t bowing.” River straightened her spine and lifted her gaze to his face. She couldn’t tell by his expression what he was thinking, or if he even recognized her. “How should I address you?”
“My name is Eli. You may address me as such.”
“I know who you are.” River paused, giving Eli a chance to say something…anything…about why he hadn’t begun to court her. The silence between them begged to be broken. “The first time I came inside Sanctuary, it was to witness your merge.”
Eli looked down his nose and scanned River’s body. “You aren’t old enough to have witnessed my merge.” 
River didn’t know whether she was more insulted by the way he examined her like a common whore—or that he was so obviously unimpressed by what he saw. But the fact that he didn’t even recognize her was beyond humiliating. 
He smirked at her then took off down a side tunnel without another word.
River had to jog to catch up with him. 
Eli led her deep inside Sanctuary, past dozens of curtained alcoves before stopping in front of a red velvet curtain. He pushed it aside and motioned for River to enter.
Her eyes widened at the rich opulence inside. But she wouldn’t mate with Eli even if he owned the entire mountain.
“Mother? Uncle Reuben’s…” Eli paused and looked at River. “What are you anyway? Servant?”
“No!” 
“Well, you’re too young to be his concubine.”
“I’m plenty old enough! But I’m not a concubine.” River’s cheeks flushed. If Eli knew she belonged to Reuben’s household, he also knew exactly who she was.
Another set of velvet curtains parted on the other side of the room. Shula entered. Her brow wrinkled in concern. “What’s wrong?”
“I need to speak with you in private.”
“Did Reuben send you?”
It was a crime for surface dwellers to seek medical aid from Sanctuary doctors. But River didn’t know what else to do. “No. I came on my own.”
Shula’s eyes softened. “It’s Hannah, isn’t it?” 
River nodded.
“I’ll go.”
Eli's face paled. “You can’t. I’ll have to arrest you!”
“It’s not illegal if I join them first.” 
“Join them? You’ll give up everything.”
“You’ve been reassigned to serve under Reuben. You’ll be on the surface all winter. We’ll see much more of each other this way.” 
So, Reuben was still trying to force them together. 
Eli glared at River.
Her face burned even hotter. Did he blame her for his winter assignment? Did he think she was behind it—that she’d asked Reuben to arrange it? Well, she’d set him straight the first chance she got. Arrogant jackass.
Shula reached for Eli’s face. 
He batted her hand away before she touched him. “What about next winter? And the one after that? You can never come home.”
“We’ll all be sealed inside the Mountain once the cleansing starts.”
River didn’t like to think about the Great and Glorious Year of Cleansing; even when she was on the surface. But with the full weight of Sanctuary above her, just the thought of spending a year sealed up inside the mountain sucked the air out of her lungs. She hadn’t seen the communal quarters where the surface dwellers would live, but from what she’d heard, it wasn’t going to be anything close to this. It wouldn’t matter how much alpha blood ran through her veins, River would never live in this kind of luxury. Unless she were mated to Eli—not worth it. 
Eli glared at River, as if he could read her mind, then grabbed Shula’s shoulders. “I forbid you to join them.”
“I’m sorry.” Shula palmed Eli’s cheek. “Reuben’s my brother.”
He closed his eyes and leaned into her hand. His voice was barely a whisper. “You don’t owe him anything.” 
“I owe him everything.” 
River agreed. Shula had run away when she was seventeen, merged with her spirit guide and mated with an outsider. If she weren’t Zebulon’s daughter, she would have been executed the moment she was captured. Instead, he granted her a stay of execution and ordered she be whipped instead. 
Reuben was over a hundred years older than Shula and her only full-blood sibling. Their relationship was more parent-child than brother-sister. Reuben volunteered to stand in as proxy for Shula and took her punishment. It was easy to see from his scars that Shula would not have survived the beating and Eli would have never been born.
“Please, Mother.” Eli blinked, obviously fighting tears. “Don’t do this.” 
River dropped her gaze and studied the patterns woven into the carpet beneath her boots. Eli was a grown man and an Enforcer. Why was he acting like a child? River had stood in front of the council three days after Mother’s execution while they decided her fate. She hadn’t shed a single tear. River extended her hand and touched Shula’s elbow. “Please, we need to hurry.”
All citizens of New Eden knew how to ride, but the heirs of Sanctuary didn’t spend hours on horseback the way surface dwellers did. Thunder was the fastest horse in New Eden, but Shula couldn’t keep up. So, River was forced to ride at a much slower pace. All she could do was pray that Hannah and her baby would still be alive when they got there.
Jonathan

Gentle fingers stroked Jonathan’s face. A hot tear fell on his brow as cold lips pressed a kiss to his cheek. A quiet, but persistent, beep, beep, beep was annoying the hell out of him.
“Baby? Can you hear me?”
Mom?
“Open your eyes, sweetheart.” 
Jonathan was so tired, so sleepy. His left eye refused to open at all and his right eye only opened enough to reveal a blurry band of light. 
“Charles, get in here! He’s awake.” 
 Where am I? As his vision cleared, Jonathan recognized the clear plastic bag hanging from a steel pole above him as an IV.  Everything hurt—even his hair. He tried to draw a deep breath, but gasped when pain shot across his ribs. His left hand was on fire. It throbbed in time with that infernal beeping. 
Jonathan turned his head and raised his left arm. It was bandaged from pit to wrist. And ended six inches before it should have. 
Mom kissed his forehead. “You’re okay baby. Please calm down. You’re in the ICU at Landstuhl Hospital. You’re safe now.”
Safe? Jonathan groaned as another wave of pain shot up his arm and across his ribs. What happened? The last thing he remembered, he was riding shotgun with Franklin and the chaplain to Bagram.
“Calm down, Frankie. It’s okay.”
Frankie? Is he here, too? It was hard to think, hard to put the words together coherently, but he had to know. His mouth refused to cooperate. Was his jaw wired shut?  “Is…is he?”
“I’m so sorry, baby.” Mom’s hands on his cheeks were cool, but the tear that dripped off the tip of her nose onto his forehead was hot. “Jonathan’s missing.”
The room spun. She thinks I’m Franklin. I must be messed up pretty bad if Mom can’t tell the difference.
“Not Franklin…Jonathan.” His garbled speech was impossible to decipher.
“It’s okay, Frankie. The army’s doing everything in their power to find him.”
“No…”
Mom smoothed her hand over Jonathan’s forehead—as if she could still brush away the curls the army shaved off months ago. “The last time anyone saw your brother, he was on base, recovering from a sprained ankle. He probably snuck off and went looking for trouble. He left his dog tags hanging in the shower.”
Jonathan pantomimed writing in the air. 
Mom handed him a pen and held a notebook steady for him so he could write.
I’m not Franklin.
Mom stumbled away from him and crashed into a stainless steel cart. 
A man in green scrubs darted across the room and caught her before she hit the floor. 
Someone yelled, “Get her out of here!” 
The man dragged Mom out of the room but her sobs continued to echo down the hall even after the door swung shut. “Where’s Franklin? Where’s my baby?”
A doctor snagged a wheeled stool with his foot and pulled it next to Jonathan’s bed.
Jonathan’s hand shook as he wrote: My brother, PFC Franklin McKnight and Chaplain Stewart were in the Humvee with me. Are they okay?
The doctor placed a hand on Jonathan’s shoulder as he leaned in to read the note. “I’m sorry, son. There were no other survivors.”
The words ‘no other survivors’ ricocheted against the corners of Jonathan’s skull. His sides heaved, but he couldn’t catch his breath. He squeezed the pen so tightly his fingers ached as he wrote: PFC Franklin McKnight. MIA?
The doc shook his head. “There were three men evacuated from the site of the attack. You, the chaplain and an unidentified soldier. During triage, we found Franklin McKnight’s dog tags in your pocket. A medic must have found them near you and assumed they were yours. We’re working on identifying the unknown soldier, but considering the evidence, I’m afraid it’s not going to be good news.” 
This was a mistake. It had to be. Franklin couldn’t be dead. 
The doctor squeezed Jonathan’s shoulder and stood up. “I’m giving you something for the pain. It’ll make you drowsy.” Jonathan watched as the doc injected something into his IV line. The drug worked fast, but not fast enough. He closed his eyes and willed his mind to surrender. The last thing he heard was, “It seems we have a case of mistaken identity.”
When Jonathan woke, Dad was standing at the foot of his bed, talking to an army colonel. Their voices were urgent but too quiet to understand. Dad’s face was chalky grey. The creases around his eyes and mouth were deeper than Jonathan remembered. He looked ten years older.
The air conditioner kicked on, fluttering the curtains over the window.
The colonel shook Dad’s hand then turned and walked out the door. It swung shut with a soft creak. 
“Dad…” It came out as a groan, but it got Dad’s attention. He bolted around the side of the bed and grabbed the rails so tightly his knuckles turned white. He took three ragged breaths then jerked the bedrail down and buried his face in the blankets above Jonathan’s right hip.
Jonathan had never seen Dad cry before; not even at grandfather McKnight’s funeral. He’d always assumed it was because he was so strong and brave. Maybe he’d just been too numb to cry…like Jonathan. He should be bawling like a baby…no other survivors…but his eyes were as dry as the Registan Desert. 
Jonathan waited for Dad to regain his composure, then reached for the pen and pad of paper on the bed tray and wrote: It should have been me.
Dad spoke with quiet intensity. “No. It should not have been you. It shouldn’t have been either of you!”
If he hadn’t told Frankie to pass that van, they wouldn’t have hit the IED. Jonathan scrawled: It was my fault.
Dad took the pen and pad away from Jonathan and set them at the foot of the bed. “My heart broke when I realized I would never see our sweet, shy Frankie again…” 
Jonathan tried to turn away.
Dad gripped the sides of his head with both hands and forced him to look at him. “But you can’t imagine the joy I felt when I learned I hadn’t lost you. I just can’t hold on to it. I’m devastated by Franklin’s death. But please, Jonathan, please believe me, when I say that I’m so very happy that you are alive.”
River

Shula performed a minor miracle and safely delivered Hannah’s baby, but everyone’s joy was short lived. The child had come too early. She was weak and sickly and required constant vigilance to be sure she remembered to breathe. Shula stayed at the ranch to help care for the baby and Hannah. River had to share her room with Shula but it wasn’t as bad as she thought it’d be. Shula stayed up with the baby at night and slept during the day. River hardly ever saw the healer, which was just fine with her. The woman was downright scary.
River had just crawled into bed when the sound of urgent whispers caught her ear. “Please, Reuben, I have to try. You heard what Shula said. If we don’t get antibiotics for the baby she’ll die.”
“You know the law. We can’t use outsider medicine.”
“But you’re an Enforcer. You could—”
“I could what? Risk everything for a child that probably won’t survive her first year? What about our sons?  Do you think you can raise them without me? Or do you plan to take a new mate after my execution?”
River covered her mouth with both hands.
Hannah’s voice quivered. “I can’t just sit here and do nothing while our daughter struggles to survive.”
“Shula’s brewing another herbal remedy. Maybe this one will work better.”
“She’s dying, Reuben.” 
River had heard stories of how outsider’s medicine could cure even the most dire illnesses, but their dependency on medical science had weakened the entire human race. The heirs of Sanctuary used outsider medicine, but only in life or death situations. Surface dwellers had to rely on the herbs nature provided and their own immune systems. Natural selection was a harsh, but necessary, doctrine. 
Reuben’s voice held so much pain it made River’s heart ache. “Once you’ve recovered from the delivery. We can try again. We’ll keep trying until you get another daughter.”
“Each time I miscarry, it takes another piece of my soul.”
“Then we’ll adopt another child.”
“You know how rare shifter children are. The council won’t let us have another one. We were lucky to get Paul. And I can’t bear the thought of raising a human child only to watch it grow old and die. Come with us, Reuben. Let’s take our children and make a new life in the outside world.”
“I am not a traitor!” 
River hugged her knees against her chest, but it was Hannah’s request, more than Reuben’s booming voice that terrified her. The council would be so enraged, they’d punish anyone that had any ties to Reuben—relatives, friends, servants and unwanted mates, like River.
Reuben lowered his voice. “The odds for all of us making it out of here alive are a hundred to one. And even if we did; how would we survive? It’s been eighty years since you’ve lived in the outside world. You have no idea how much it’s changed.”
“But you’re an enforcer. You’ve been trained to blend in.” 
“Blending in will not put a roof over our heads or food in our bellies.” Reuben sighed so loudly, River heard it through the wall separating his and Hannah’s room from hers. 
“I gave up my birthright, my home and my father’s protection when I claimed you as my alpha mate. I gave up half my lifespan to extend yours.”
“Do you regret it?”
“I will if you betray me.”
“Ask Shula to put us under quarantine until I return. No one has to know that I sought outside help for our daughter.” 
“We vowed to uphold the law of the surface dwellers when they took us in. We swore a solemn oath to abide by all their precepts, doctrines and covenants. I am not an oath breaker. We don’t have the right to pollute the gene pool with inferior children.” 
Something hit the wall and shattered. River couldn’t take it anymore. She’d never heard Reuben and Hannah argue, much less fight. She crawled out her bedroom window and sought refuge in Sugar’s stall. 
River had no idea how long she’d been asleep when she woke up to the sound of snorting horses, whispers of “shush-shush” and the mewling cry of an infant. She peeked under the stall’s door in time to see Hannah lead her mare outside, her baby bound to her back with a rebozo.
River couldn’t believe her eyes. Hannah was disobeying Reuben, and committing treason. And for what? It was obvious that her baby was deathly ill. She wouldn’t survive the night.
River hugged her knees to her chest and rocked back and forth as precious minutes ticked away. Shula would know what to do. She’d left New Eden once, before River was born.
A shadow passed back and forth behind the curtains in River’s room. Shula was pacing the floor, obviously waiting for River’s return. She stopped pacing and opened the window. “Brush the straw out of your hair and go to bed.”
“But Hannah—”
“Is doing the only thing she can.” Shula helped pull River inside.
“Does Reuben know she’s running away?”
“Hannah did not run away.” Shula pinched River’s chin and forced her to meet her gaze. “Understand?”
River nodded. Hannah was Reuben’s mate. He was responsible for her crimes. If anyone found out she’d deserted New Eden, Reuben would be executed.
“What about Sanctuary witnesses?” Every death had to be certified by a member of the high-council before the body was cremated.
“I’m taking Hannah and the baby to my cabin and placing them in protective quarantine. They won’t die until after Sanctuary Mountain is sealed for the winter so the sworn testimony of two enforcers will suffice.”
“Who?” As Hannah’s mate, Reuben would not qualify.
“Eli and Jesse.”
“Eli?” River did not doubt that Jesse would protect Reuben, but she didn’t trust Eli.
“Eli would never betray me.” Shula rubbed her forehead. “Can we count on you to stand with us? Will you testify that you helped prepare Hannah and her baby’s bodies for the funeral pyre?”
“Of course.” River’s eyes stung. “What about Gabriel and Paul? They’ll be devastated.”
“Death is easier to accept than betrayal.” Shula rubbed her forehead. “But Gabriel knows. Hannah said goodbye to him before she left.”
Eli

“Eli? Are you there?” 
Hannah’s urgent whisper drifted between the pine boughs long after Eli had spotted her. He still couldn’t believe Mother had beguiled him into committing treason. She knew his one weakness. She’d promised to speak to Zebulon about freeing Aspen in exchange for Eli’s help getting Hannah and her baby out of New Eden.
Even though Reuben hadn’t been able to secure Aspen’s release yet, he was still trying. He didn’t deserve this betrayal. If he ever learned of Eli’s involvement in helping Hannah escape, he’d kill him. 
Black spots floated across Eli’s vision. He might even execute Aspen to punish him. He’d been so blinded by his own desires that he hadn’t considered the consequences of failure. 
“Eli?”
“Over here.”
“I can’t thank you enough—”
“Be quiet. I don’t have to tell you what happens if we’re discovered.”
“Of course.” 
As an Enforcer, Eli knew the border patrols’ routes and schedules. He had plenty of practice slipping past the guards on his unauthorized trips to Red Cliff. It was too bad that it hadn’t snowed yet. Once the pass closed, the only way in or out of New Eden was through the tunnel. And that was heavily guarded year round. No one could pass without proper authorization.
At least the baby had quit squalling. Maybe it died. Eli cringed at the thought. It would make things simpler, but what sort of monster wished for the death of a child?
The baby whimpered.
“Eli, we need to hurry. Her fever’s worse.”
Eli was eager to be done with this ill-advised mission. He was cold and tired. Mother’s cabin didn’t have indoor plumbing, or any other geothermal conveniences. You could fit her entire cabin inside Eli's private steam room but it was warm. 
He hoped the alibi Mother had devised to protect him was still passed out in his bed. The servant had been easy to seduce and even easier to intoxicate. Eli had no doubt that she would have lied to protect him, but this way, even if she grew disillusioned, she would still testify on his behalf, never knowing he’d been gone most of the night. He could have asked for a whore and hoped they’d send Aspen, but if he needed an alibi, he needed one that hadn’t already proven she’d sacrifice everything for him.
When they got to the eastern border, Eli heaved a sigh of relief. 
“I don’t know how to thank you.” Hannah tried to lean across the space separating their horses to hug him.
Eli dodged her embrace. “Just don’t get caught.”
Hannah nodded then dug her heels into her horse’s side and flew down the mountain.
By the time Eli finally got Old Red rubbed down, returned to the corral and his tack put away, an orange glow outlined the Eastern ridge. He crept back into his room, stripped and crawled into bed.
The servant girl rolled over and shivered. “You’re cold.”
“I had to use the outhouse. It’s freezing outside.”
“Mmmm… Come here. I’ll warm you up.”
Eli snaked his hand around the girl’s waist and tried to pretend she was Aspen. It didn’t work. “I’m tired. Go back to sleep.”
He’d already done what he needed to do before he left. He had no desire to do it again.
Jonathan

“Will you stop hovering like a damn helicopter? I can dress myself.” Jonathan didn’t mean to snap at Mom, but she was driving him crazy. Once she decided to act like a mother again, she went into overdrive. He didn’t need her help pulling his shirt on over his head. He didn’t need her help packing his clothes or zipping his suitcase. And he certainly didn’t need her help carrying it to the car. He held out his right hand and lifted his eyebrows. 
Instead of handing it over, she set the suitcase back on the bed. 
Jonathan closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He held it for four seconds then exhaled as he counted backwards from eight. Using breath control to relieve stress was the one useful thing he’d gotten out of group therapy.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to lose my temper. But you can’t keep treating me like an invalid. If I need help, I’ll ask for it.” 
He smiled to strengthen his apology then grabbed his suitcase and used its weight to flex his bicep. “I may not be as strong as I was a month ago, but I’m still stronger than you and Dad put together.”
Jonathan stepped forward and reached for the door with his left hand. He realized his mistake as the floor rushed up to meet him. He’d stepped on his untied shoelace and tried to open a door with a hand that no longer existed. He bit his lower lip to keep from screaming when his still healing stump slammed into the floor. 
Instead of proving his independence, Jonathan’s little stunt ended up costing him an extra day in the hospital and six new stitches on the side of his head. 
When he was released the next day, his doctor ordered him to leave in a wheelchair. He drew the line at wearing the slip-on loafers his mother had bought for him. It had taken him two days to learn to tie his shoes with one hand. He refused to give up that minor victory just because of one accident. 
The drive home was weird. After a few attempts at small talk, they all gave up and just let the silence build until Dad pulled into the driveway. “Well, here we are.” 
After a quick glance at his feet to double check that his shoelaces were still tied securely, Jonathan opened his door and stepped onto the driveway. The ever-present lump in his throat swelled when his gaze fell on the imprint of two small hands in the concrete. And right below them, the words Jonathan and Franklin July 6, 1993. 
One of Jonathan’s earliest memories was the feeling of wet cement squishing between his fingers. Dad had helped him line his hand up next to Franklin’s so they matched. Franklin’s right hand, Jonathan’s left. He’d pointed at the prints when they were done. “Just like you and Frankie. The same; but different.”
Things would never be the same again.
The coat rack in the entryway looked…off. It took Jonathan a second to realize what was wrong. When he did, grief sucked the air out of his lungs. Franklin’s favorite Colorado Rockies baseball cap should have been hanging on the second hook from the top. It wasn’t. An unintentional glance into the formal dining room revealed three placemats on the polished cherry table instead of four.
Those were subtle reminders but there was nothing subtle about the trophy case in the family room. It was completely empty. Jonathan had earned at least half of the missing trophies. Where were they? 
Competitive martial arts had been such a big part of Jonathan and Franklin’s lives. Realizing he’d lost that too felt like another death. 
Jonathan closed his eyes. He couldn’t breathe. He was drowning—a hundred feet below the surface and upside down.
He forced his eyes open and found Dad’s worried face inches from his own. 
“Are you alright?” Dad’s grip on Jonathan’s shoulders was the only thing keeping him upright.
The room spun, but Jonathan refused to acknowledge his pain. Mom and Dad had suffered enough. They shouldn’t have to deal with his anxiety attacks on top of everything else.
“Do you need help getting upstairs?” 
“No, I’m fine.” He tucked his suitcase under his left arm and grabbed the banister with his right hand. The suitcase slipped after just two steps. Jonathan gritted his teeth and pressed harder with his bandaged stump, but it didn’t work. He let go of the banister and grabbed the handle just as the bag slid past his hip. 
Dad wrapped his arm around Jonathan’s waist. “I know you can do it yourself. But let me help you, just this once.”
Jonathan nodded. At least he wouldn’t be alone when he walked past Franklin’s room for the first time. Dad let go of Jonathan’s waist at the top of the stairs but kept a comforting hand on his shoulder as they hurried past Franklin’s closed door.
The “KEEP OUT” sign was missing from Jonathan’s door. As was the “McKnight Avenue” street sign he’d stolen on a dare. What the hell? 
On their thirteenth birthdays, he and Franklin were each given legal deeds to their bedrooms and locks for their doors. Jonathan’s room had always been his sanctuary. 
All the emotions he had fought so hard to control threatened to erupt in one violent explosion when he saw the artfully arranged pillows on his new bedspread. 
His voice shook as he spoke through gritted teeth, “What happened to my room? Where are my trophies? And where the hell are my weapons?” 
The missing trophies downstairs were bad enough, but the trophies that belonged in Jonathan’s room needed to be in his room. He knew he was being childish, but he couldn’t deal with the violation of the one place he’d hoped to find peace. 
Dad set Jonathan’s suitcase down on the freshly shampooed carpet and swore under his breath. Dad never used bad language. “I told her to leave your things alone. I let her do whatever she wanted with Franklin’s stuff. But she was not supposed to set one foot inside your room.”
“It’s okay. Don’t worry about it.”
“No, it’s not okay.” Dad ran his hands through his thick salt-and-pepper hair and swore again. “Hopefully she just packed everything up and put it all into storage, but if she threw anything away, she will spend every day on the internet searching E-Bay and Craig’s List until she replaces every single item she removed. I promise you, Jonathan, I’ll make this right.”
“It’s not that important. Sure, it pisses me off, but it’s just stuff. It’s not like…” The rest of that sentence hung in the air like a foul odor…it’s not like someone died.
Jonathan swallowed the lump in his throat but he couldn’t disguise the pinched sound of his voice. “Don’t make a big deal out of it, okay? Who knows why she did it, but if clearing out my stuff helped Mom feel even a little bit better, it’s worth it.”
Dad wrapped his arms around Jonathan, avoiding his stump. “Have I told you just how proud I am of you?”
Jonathan didn’t want to lose it in front of Dad but his control was slipping. “I’m really tired.”
“Do you want me to sleep in here tonight? It’s easy enough to set up the inflatable bed.”
Dad had been with Jonathan in the hospital during his entire stay, only leaving his room when Jonathan had visitors and even then, he only went to the cafeteria or the chapel. 
Jonathan was tempted to accept. Franklin’s funeral was the next day. He didn’t know how he was going to get through the night; but he was a soldier, not a baby. “I’m fine. Besides it’s been a long time since you slept with Mom.” Jonathan blushed when he realized the double meaning of his words. 
Dad’s chuckle didn’t help. “I know you might want a little privacy yourself, but your mother and I are still worried about you. We bought a nursery monitor—”
“Are you kidding me?” That was too much. “I am not a baby that needs his diaper changed four times a night. I’m sorry Dad, but there is no way I’m going to allow you guys to spy on me like that.”
“It’s more for our peace of mind. We need to know you’re okay. Please, just for a few nights, indulge our paranoia.” 
The idea insulted and embarrassed Jonathan, but guilt held him ransom. He couldn’t deny his parents anything that might give them even the slightest degree of comfort. “Fine. But I’m turning it off until I’m ready to fall asleep.”
“Thank you, Jon-Jon.” Dad hugged him again, kissed his forehead and pulled the door shut behind him. 
Jonathan turned off the nursery monitor then yanked the plug out of the socket. 
A blank spot on the wall drew his attention. The paint was slightly darker, calling attention to the fact that something was missing. A poster-sized photo used to hang there. 
Jonathan palmed the wall and pressed his cheek against its cool, lightly textured surface. He closed his eyes and pictured the moment captured by the camera three years ago… 
He and Franklin stood center stage at the Disney World Sports Complex, hoisting a huge trophy above their heads. The packed arena, energized and cheering, had thrilled him beyond anything he’d ever experienced before. They had both placed in individual events, but together they won the synchronized forms and weapons class. They’d always performed better as a team than they had as individuals. 
Jonathan felt drained and heavy at the same time. He used to be so full of life he couldn’t keep his feet on the ground. How ironic. Now it took all his energy to cross the room and lie down on top of his bed. 
He drew his knees to his chest ignoring the pain that shot through his ribs. The tears that leaked out of his tightly shut eyes did nothing to relieve the pain of his combined grief and guilt. They did however, dissolve the last of his self-control and like a cracked dam, Jonathan could no longer withstand the pressure of holding everything inside. He grabbed one of the decorative pillows and buried his face into the soft satin attempting to muffle his primal screams of agony.
It was dark when Jonathan finally pulled the sodden pillow away from his face. He switched on his bedside lamp and pulled a fistful of tissues out of the box to dry his eyes and blow his nose. He was numb and completely drained. Unfortunately, his bladder was not. 
He dreaded entering the shared bathroom that joined his room to Franklin’s. Jonathan was almost certain that Franklin’s toothbrush and razor would be gone. Either way, it would hurt. It would be better to remain in the dark.  
Jonathan managed to pee without hitting his feet, something he didn’t always accomplish even when he still had two hands and a light. 
He hurried back to his room, stripped down to his boxers and turned the nursery monitor on. He tried not to glare when he looked into the tiny lens of the video camera. “I’m going to sleep now.” 
That was a lie, of course. There was no way Jonathan would be able to sleep. Not even with the help of narcotics. Pain meds dulled the constant ache of his wounds, but did nothing for the gaping hole in the middle of his chest.
Jonathan fingered the crease of his Army blue dress pants, pinching it where it broke over his knee cap. He sat on the front row of the chapel and stared at the flag draped over Franklin’s coffin. All it held was a small urn of ashes, Franklin’s dress blue uniform and his dog tags. Or at least that’s what the funeral director claimed. Who knew what was really in there. It was a closed coffin. 
Once the Army figured out that the dog tags someone shoved into Jonathan’s front shirt pocket weren’t his, they were able to identify some of Franklin’s remains with DNA testing. By the time they got it all straightened out, Jonathan was out of the ICU. Dad offered to postpone Franklin’s funeral for a couple more weeks, but Jonathan wanted to get it over with while he still had access to high doses of pain killers.
Bishop Thorne droned on and on about the plan of salvation; as if he were trying to convert everyone instead of directing a funeral. But as soon as he started talking about Franklin, Jonathan wanted him to stop and start preaching again—or just shut the hell up.
“Franklin McKnight’s time on earth was short, but he accomplished so much while he was here.”
“Bullshit.” 
A collective gasp, followed by a buzz of indignant murmurs, snapped Jonathan out of his daze. 
He hadn’t meant to say that out loud—even if it was true. Franklin had a plan for his life. A plan that did not include getting blown to pieces and scattered all over some insignificant dirt road in the middle of Afghanistan.
Jonathan blinked then laughed. He knew it was inappropriate, but he couldn’t help it.  
Strong arms wrapped around Jonathan’s shoulders. “It’s okay, son. It’s okay.”
Jonathan jerked away from Dad. His vision tunneled as he crashed through the double doors and took off running. He stumbled and tripped over his own feet as if he were drunk—which he probably was. He’d taken an extra dose of pain meds when the funeral home’s limo pulled into the driveway that morning, but his wrist still throbbed with each beat of his heart.
A car rolled up beside him, matching his pace, but he didn’t recognize it. The window hummed as it rolled down. 
Dad put a hand on the passenger seat and leaned towards Jonathan. “Get in the car, son.” 
Jonathan slid into the unfamiliar car and pulled the door shut. “Whose car is this?” 
“Bishop Thorne’s.” Dad didn’t say another word until he parked at the cemetery. He leaned back against the headrest and closed his eyes. “You aren’t the only one grieving.” 
“I know.”
“I want you to participate in the dove release ceremony.”
Jonathan shook his head. He didn’t want to be there at all. And he sure as hell didn’t want to participate in any bird ceremony. Mom had forbidden the firing of any weapons, so instead of a three volley salute to honor Franklin’s service and sacrifice, he was getting a flock of doves. The stupid birds would probably shit on his casket.
Dad put his arm around Jonathan and led him towards the crowd standing on the hill. People stepped back and made a path that led to Franklin’s open grave. Dad nodded at the bugler. The poignant notes of “Taps” squeezed Jonathan’s chest, but it didn’t thaw the icy numbness surrounding his heart as he watched the honor guard fold the flag from Franklin’s casket. 
Tears streamed down Dad’s cheeks as a soldier knelt in front of him and handed him the flag. But Jonathan’s eyes remained dry. The numbness spread to his fingers. 
A man in a black suit led Mom and Dad to a large, wicker basket. Music from a portable sound system filled the air as they opened the lid and released twenty white doves; one for each year of Franklin’s life. The man reached into a much smaller basket and pulled out a single bird then tried to give it to Jonathan. 
“I’ve only got one hand.” Jonathan lifted his bandaged stump.
“It’s okay.” The man handed the dove to Dad then took Jonathan’s right hand and placed it on the dove’s back. It’s feathers felt like silk against his palm.
Mom and Dad kissed the dove’s head, but Jonathan just stared at it. The man recited some poem about the dove symbolizing Franklin’s spirit ascending to Heaven then said, “Let him go.” 
Jonathan’s heart shattered into a thousand pieces as he watched the lone bird race towards the circling flock overhead. When Franklin’s bird joined the others, they circled once more then headed west, towards the Sawatch Mountains. Jonathan continued to stare at the distant peaks, long after the birds disappeared. 
Something brushed Jonathan’s cheek then fell onto his chest, over his heart. It was a tiny, white feather, as light and delicate as a snowflake. Jonathan plucked it off his uniform, stared at it for a moment, then put it in his pocket. 
Later that night, Dad knocked on Jonathan’s door then entered without waiting for an invitation. “Do you still have the feather you put in your pocket?”
Jonathan pressed his lips together and nodded. He hadn’t removed it, and Mom hadn’t taken his uniform to the dry cleaners yet so it should still be there.
“Go get it.” Dad pulled a tiny glass vial full of sand out of his jacket pocket. He uncorked the vial and emptied it into the trashcan next to Jonathan’s desk.
Jonathan handed the feather to Dad. He poked it inside the vial then slid the thin silver chain attached to it over Jonathan’s head. “I hope this reminds you of the peace you felt when we set Franklin’s dove free.”
Jonathan had felt grief, guilt and physical pain when he let go of the bird; but no peace. 
Maybe he would someday. Maybe, sometime in the distant future, he would be happy again. That fragile thread of hope was the only thing keeping him alive. That and the thought of what his suicide would do to Mom and Dad—especially Dad. He’d wear the feather around his neck as a reminder of that hope…and that burden.
Jonathan couldn’t move. Each breath launched waves of pain through his chest, but he pushed through it. Small caliber fire spit puffs of dust into his face. He tried to raise his weapon, but someone was holding him down. “Hang on Frankie! I’m coming!” 
He got his arms free and landed a right cross to his enemy’s jaw; followed by a left jab. His hand shattered on impact. Bits of bone and flesh flew through the air like broken glass. He screamed and cradled his throbbing wrist against his aching chest.
“Jon-Jon, wake up. You’re okay, it’s just a dream.”
Jonathan’s eyes flew open. Dad was leaning over him, shaking his shoulders, tears streaming down his face. 
Mom stood in the doorway, backlit by the light in the hall, biting the back of her fist and sobbing silently.
Tremors shook Jonathan’s body. His heart raced. His left arm felt as if he’d plunged it into a vat of molten lava. He’d never get back to sleep.
Dad placed his palms on the crown of Jonathan’s head. “Do you want a priesthood blessing?”
“No.”
Dad gave Jonathan and Franklin blessings before they deployed. He’d promised them both that God would watch over them and protect them if they obeyed His commandments. If some soldier hadn’t requested a priesthood blessing, Franklin and the chaplain wouldn’t have been on the road. They wouldn’t have hit that IED. They wouldn’t have died. Jonathan couldn’t think of anyone less likely to break a commandment than Franklin. A lot of good it did him.
Jonathan didn’t want a blessing. Even if he did, he didn’t deserve one. “I’m fine. Go back to bed.”
He waited until he was sure Mom and Dad were asleep then unplugged the nursery monitor and threw it in the trash.
Jonathan fought his pillow and his sheets for an hour before giving up on sleep. He wandered downstairs and fixed a bowl of Shredded Wheat, but couldn’t eat it. He was empty, not hungry. He’d been avoiding the basement sparring room ever since he’d gotten home. Maybe he’d find a small amount of peace where he and Franklin had spent so many hours together.
He grabbed the door knob, but it refused to turn. That was new. The door had never even had a lock before. It didn’t take long to pick it. 
He flipped on the light. There wasn’t enough space left in the sparring room to turn around, much less workout. Franklin’s entire room had been disassembled and moved down there, even his bed. But it wasn’t just Franklin’s stuff. Jonathan spotted the tip of his competition bo staff poking out from behind a pile of boxes. As soon as he felt the familiar grip of his staff warming within his fist, it felt as if a part of his soul had been restored.
It took him most of the night to push everything out of his way. He still didn’t have much room, but it was enough. 
Tender ribs, phantom pain, and no left hand slowed him down, but it felt good to move. Jonathan began a modified, slow-motion version of the last synchronized weapons routine he and Franklin had performed together. He had to simplify all the moves and take out all the left handed grips. And it would be months before his body healed enough to attempt any of the gymnastics moves, but most of those didn’t require any hands at all. He wondered if he could still do a standing back layout with a full twist. Only time would tell.
As he gained confidence, Jonathan moved faster. He was about halfway through the routine when he accidentally hit the corner of a box at the top of one of the piles, knocking it down.
Letters, postcards and photographs fluttered to the floor. Jonathan swore at his clumsiness, then leaned his bo staff against the wall and got to work gathering the scattered memories.  
A faded photograph caught his eye. At first, he thought it was a photo of himself or Franklin, but he didn’t recognize the beautiful young woman or the dilapidated old cabin in the background. When he looked closer, he realized it was a picture of Dad—but that woman sure as hell wasn’t Mom. 
They were both facing the camera when the photo was taken. Dad’s chin rested on the woman’s shoulder. He had his arms wrapped protectively around her body, crossing beneath her breasts. She had one arm raised with her palm pressed against Dad’s cheek. They both looked incredibly content. Jonathan had never seen his father look that happy. In fact, “happy” didn’t begin to describe his expression. Blissful, ecstatic and euphoric weren’t adequate either. Who was this woman?
“Jonathan, what are you doing?” Mom’s voice carried more than a hint of frustration. She was pissed.
“I could ask you the same thing. Why is all my stuff boxed up down here?”
“What happened?” Dad’s voice held only concern. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine.” The words were an automatic reflex. He was anything but fine.
Before he knew what she was going to do, Mom snatched the photograph out of Jonathan’s hand. 
“What is this?” She gasped when her eyes focused on the picture. “You promised, Charles. You promised to burn everything.”
Dad reached out to take the photograph, but Mom tore it in half. 
Dad’s nostrils flared. His eyes narrowed into slits. “Give it to me, Beverly. Now.” 
Dad hardly ever called Mom “Beverly” instead of “Bev.” When he did; it meant trouble. 
Mom’s hand shook as she handed the torn photo to Dad. She turned and ran up the stairs without a word.
If she hadn’t packed his stuff up, as if he’d died too, Jonathan might have felt sorry for her.
“Dad? Who’s the woman? Was she an old girlfriend or something?”
Dad stared at the photo. “She was my wife.”
Six months later, Jonathan tossed his pack into the back of Dad’s Range Rover then slammed the hatch shut, rattling the glass. 
Dad flinched and rubbed the back of his neck. “I don’t feel good about you taking off all by yourself, especially this late in the season. Why don’t you let me go with you?”
“I need to do this.” Franklin had wanted to go on a summer-long trek through the Sawatch Mountains after graduation with Jonathan. They’d enlisted in the army instead. “For Franklin.”
He needed to do it for Mom and Dad, too. They’d done nothing but fight since the night he’d discovered that old photo of Dad and his first wife. Jonathan wasn’t so egocentric that he believed it was all his fault, but his presence wasn’t helping. Mom rarely even looked at him, and when she did, he could see the pain it caused her. She’d packed a bag last week and left. She said she needed to get away from all the ghosts in the house.
Maybe if he weren’t around to remind her of what she’d lost, Mom would come home and try to work things out with Dad. Jonathan didn’t blame her for not wanting to look at him. He still missed Franklin so much it stole his breath every time he glimpsed his own reflection. 
Dad pressed two metal rectangles on a chain into Jonathan’s palm. 
He knew without looking, they were Franklin’s dog tags. “I thought these were buried with Franklin.”
“That was your mother’s idea. I took them out of the casket.”
“Why?”
“I thought you might want them.”
Jonathan slipped the dog tags into his pocket. He wasn’t sure how he felt about them. They were the source of the army’s mistaken identity fiasco. It was an honest mistake, but one that caused a lot of additional pain.
“Be careful, son.” Dad wrapped his arms around Jonathan and hugged him to his chest.
Jonathan returned his embrace, then held Dad at arm’s length. “I’ll be back in three weeks.”
“Do you have extra battery packs for your iHand? You don’t want to run out of juice in the wilderness.”
“Got ‘em.”
“What about your phone? How will you charge it?”
Jonathan opened the door and slid behind the wheel. “It’s fully charged. I’ll only turn it on in case of an emergency.”
Dad grabbed the door and held it open. “Hang on a sec. I’ll go get my new handheld GPS and one of the satellite phones. Cell coverage will be sketchy—if you can get a signal at all.”
“The whole point of backpacking is to get away from it all. I’m not taking every piece of technology we own.” 
“Please don’t take this the wrong way, son. But…you have limitations now.”
Jonathan gritted his teeth. He didn’t like worrying Dad, but this was a turning point for him. He could either accept his limitations, or prove to everyone, himself included, that he was strong enough to overcome them.
“We all have limitations.” He tapped his temple with the index finger of his prosthetic hand. “But only in our minds.”
Jonathan didn’t see any other backpackers or hikers, so he didn’t need to go far to find the isolation he sought. He had no agenda or daily mileage quotas, so he took his time. On the morning of the third day, he woke up with a restless feeling so he decided to break camp and hike a little deeper into the wilderness. But first, he needed to refill his water supply. It wouldn’t hurt to clean up a bit either. He retrieved his backpack from the fork of the aspen tree where he’d stashed it the night before, pulled out his hydration system, a couple of high-energy power bars and his hygiene kit. He wouldn’t be gone long, so he left everything else, including his prosthesis, inside his tent then backtracked a couple of miles to a stream he’d crossed on the way in. The water was too cold, even for wading, but it felt good to rinse the grime away with a washcloth and shave the stubble off his face.
As he was hiking back to camp, the north wind picked up. The sun crept higher into the eastern sky but held no warmth. The temperature dropped ten degrees. “So much for extended weather forecasts.”
Jonathan picked up the pace and jogged back to camp in case the storm turned out to be more than an afternoon snow flurry. His state-of-the-art camping equipment would keep him alive, even in a blizzard. It just wouldn’t be much fun. He was about a quarter-mile from camp when a tiny white feather landed on his shoulder. 
The memory of Franklin’s funeral blasted a hole through Jonathan’s chest. He fingered the thick, gold chain around his neck, but didn’t pull it out. He could still feel the weight of the medallion next to his skin. He was afraid that the glass vial Dad gave him would break so he’d had the feather from Franklin’s funeral encased in resin and mounted on a solid gold disc—the words ‘Brother’s Forever’ inscribed on the back. 
Jonathan wasn’t superstitious—or even remotely spiritual—but this wasn’t the right habitat for white doves. It was a pretty strange coincidence. “Is that you, Frankie?”
Another feather drifted into view, then several more. If Franklin wanted to give Jonathan a message, he’d know he’d need to make it obvious. A doubter like Jonathan wasn’t going to believe any supernatural sign unless it hit him over the head. A gust of wind delivered another flurry of feathers, too many to count. They fell along the sides of the path, as if Franklin wanted Jonathan to follow the trail back to his campsite.
He rounded the final bend and froze. Shredded scraps of blue nylon littered the ground. Goose down, not dove feathers, drifted in the wind like falling snow. My sleeping bag?
His tent was also shredded, the poles bent like pretzels. Despair swept over Jonathan. He could handle the destruction of his campsite, but not what it meant. The feathers he’d thought were a sign from Franklin were nothing more than debris.
A twig snapped. Jonathan’s army training kicked in. He ducked behind a boulder, held his breath and listened. Another twig snapped. The noise came from his right. Jonathan peeked out from behind the left side of the boulder and spotted his prosthesis on the ground at ten o’clock, about fifteen feet away. His pulse pounded behind his ears. Whoever did this had better hope his iHand still worked, or there’d be hell to pay. 
Jonathan stayed low as he crept forward. He grabbed his prosthesis then ran back to the boulder. He tested it to be sure it still worked. The servos hummed and clicked as he opened and closed the robotic fingers. He climbed on top of the boulder to get a better view and found a black bear, digging through what remained of his other pair of jeans. Jonathan had stashed his food out of the bear’s reach, but he’d forgotten about the bag of trail mix in his pocket.
The bear lifted its muzzle. Sunlight glinted off something hanging from its mouth. 
No! Not Franklin’s dog tags! Jonathan pointed at the bear and yelled, “Drop it.”
The bear stood on its hind legs and lifted its nose into the air. 
“You do not want to mess with me.”
The bear dropped to all fours then huffed and jerked its head up, lifting its front paws. It grunted then slammed them back to the ground and charged.
Jonathan spread his feet as wide as he could on top of the boulder, raised his arms over his head, puffed out his chest and roared at the bear. His primal scream was still echoing through the valley when the bear skidded to a stop. It huffed once then turned and ran the other way.
Jonathan slid off the boulder and ran after it. He didn’t relish the thought of digging through bear dung, but there was no way he was going to let Franklin’s dog tags disappear in a pile of bear poo.
It didn’t take long for the bear to out run Jonathan and disappear. He searched the ground for tracks, but didn’t find any. He stumbled across a game trail and followed it, even though he had no way of knowing if the bear had used it. All he could do was hope. And keep searching. Or give up and hike back to the car. With no food, no shelter and no way to build a fire, that’s exactly what any sane person would do. Especially since the temperature had dropped another ten degrees. 
Franklin wouldn’t want Jonathan to risk his life, searching for his dog tags, especially since the odds of finding them were ridiculously low. He’d have a better chance of winning the lottery. He turned around and groaned out loud when he saw the dark grey clouds spilling over the northern peaks. He’d been so pissed off at the bear that he hadn’t been paying attention to the weather. 
Jonathan had been born and raised in Leadville. He knew what mother nature was capable of. This wasn’t going to be an insignificant early autumn snow shower. A blizzard was coming.
He’d never make it back to his car before it hit and there was nothing left of his campsite. “I am so screwed.”
Jonathan shoved his hand in his hair and turned around as he considered his options. He could build a lean-to out of pine boughs, but he’d still most likely freeze to death. A yellow stain on the side of a mountain caught his eye. Mine tailings. A smile spread across his face.  
His great-great-grandfather had survived several winters, living and working inside his primitive mine during the gold rush. Jonathan didn’t like caves or mines, but he didn’t have to go inside very far. Just enough to get out of the wind and the snow. He’d endured worse hardships in Afghanistan, he could handle a little snow. At least no one would be shooting at him.
Chapter Four
Breaking Boundaries

The melancholy sound of Canada geese woke River. She stretched her sore muscles and opened her eyes. The sun warmed her face, but her breath fogged the air when she yawned. Three white trails crossed each other in the sky—marks left by outsider’s flying machines. They were too high to see anyone on the ground. The ones River needed to hide from were the smaller, noisier contraptions. She needed to break camp and get going if she wanted to catch up with the goat herd. She’d been on their trail for a week and was more than ready for a nice long soak in the cleansing pool and her own bed. Besides, the mild weather wouldn’t last forever. 
As if to prove her point, a handful of lazy snowflakes fluttered to the ground. The rare mix of sunshine, blue sky and snow was an omen of change. River sat up and looked over her shoulder. Dark grey clouds boiled behind the northern peaks. She pulled her sheepskin parka from her pack. The temperature plummeted as a gust of wind lifted her braid off her back and whipped it over her shoulder. If she didn’t find the goats soon, snow would obliterate their trail. It would be a long, cold winter without milk, butter or cheese. She fed Sugar a ration of oats and grabbed a chunk of jerky out of her pack to eat while she rode.
Two hours later, Sugar balked and refused to go around a weathered granite outcropping. She veered to the left, nearly unseating River. It wasn’t unusual for a change in the weather to make a horse frisky, but Sugar was acting downright skittish. She snorted and tossed her head then backed up. Something was making her nervous.
River shoved Sugar’s reins under her thigh to free her hands. She pulled her bow off her back and slid the bottom tip inside her boot so she could string it without dismounting. It gouged her ankle as she slid the string into the notch at the top, but she barely noticed the pain. The whole maneuver took less time than a single breath, but sometimes one breath could mean the difference between life and death. 
River nocked an arrow and scanned the outcropping. Whatever was scaring Sugar was most likely hiding up there. 
An angry snarl raised the hair on the back of River’s neck. Sugar dropped her head and bucked. River managed to toss her loaded bow away from her body before she slammed into the ground. The fall emptied her quiver and scattered arrows everywhere. River was lucky she hadn’t impaled herself. 
Sugar took off towards home. Without the added weight of a rider, she should make it back to the ranch before the blizzard hit. Reuben would be worried, but right now, River had a much bigger problem.
The largest cougar she’d ever seen laid his ears flat against his skull, snarled and clawed the air. The cat wasn’t hiding in the rocks. It was on the ground, creeping closer.
“Hey!” An outsider stepped out from behind a rock and waved a stick at the cougar, drawing the beast’s attention. The aspen branch in the young man’s right hand was almost as long as he was tall and about three inches thick—but it wasn’t going to stop a full grown cougar.
River stretched one arm to the left and teased her bow into her hand with her fingers. The closest arrow was just out of reach. 
The young man spoke in a low, calm voice as he edged closer, positioning himself between River and the cougar. “Don’t run. It’ll trigger his predatory instincts.” 
River couldn’t breathe much less get up and run. But easy prey, lying prone on the ground, was even more attractive to a predator. The cougar narrowed his amber eyes, wrinkling his muzzle. He bared his teeth and hissed at the stranger then focused his attention back on River.
Time slowed as she watched the beast’s muscles bunch and twitch beneath his tawny hide. River didn’t want to witness her own gruesome death, but couldn’t look away when the cat leapt into the air. 
The outsider screamed, “No!” and launched himself at the cougar, ramming his shoulder into the animal’s ribs. 
River’s lungs finally responded to her body’s demand for air. She rolled to the side, grabbed an arrow off the ground and nocked it as she rose to one knee.
The cougar clamped his jaws around the outsider’s left wrist then flung him to the ground with a jerk of his head, severing the man’s hand. He cried out, but it was a shout of anger, not pain. 
He sacrificed his hand to save my life. What sort of man does that for a stranger?
The young man sprang to his feet and faced the cougar. He glanced over his shoulder and said, “Stay behind me.”
Even now, he protects me. River couldn’t see his injury since his back was turned, but there was no denying his courage—or stupidity. “Get down. You’re blocking my shot.”
Instead of obeying her, he hefted the stick in his right hand and…twirled it. 
The cougar sprang into the air. 
The young man lunged to the side and smacked the cat on the back of the head as it flew past.
Amazing!
The cougar swayed on its feet for the briefest of moments then again focused his attention on River.
She finally had a clear shot, but the young man’s shout distracted her before she could release the arrow.
“Hey! Over here!” 
The cat snarled at the idiot, eyed his stick warily, then obviously decided he’d had enough of that nonsense and ran away. 
River released the tension on her bowstring and un-nocked her arrow then stood up.
The young man picked his severed hand up off the ground then turned it every which way, examining it. “Shit. I’m going to need a new one.” 
He must be in shock. If River didn’t get a tourniquet around his arm soon, he’d bleed to death…except there wasn’t any blood.
The young man tucked his severed hand under his left elbow then extended his right hand in greeting. “Hi. I’m Jonathan McKnight.”
River held her arms stiffly by her sides and stepped back. This outsider was probably infected with all sorts of diseases. “Your hand…why isn’t it bleeding?” 
Jonathan’s smile faded as he took his severed hand out from under his elbow and showed it to her. His voice was soft but respectful. “This is just a prosthesis.”
River stepped back and covered her mouth and nose with her hand. Some diseases were airborne.   
“It’s not going to hurt you.”
“That’s not the problem.” 
“I just saved your ass from that mountain lion.”
“You’re contaminated.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Influenza, measles, strep, syphilis—”
“Hey! I don’t have any STDs.”
“You could be sick and not even know it.”
“I’m not infected and even if I were, you can’t catch syphilis by shaking a guy’s hand.”
“Influenza is airborne.”
“Jeeze. What a germaphobe.”
“My people don’t use outsider medicine. A bad case of strep throat could kill me.” 
“Your people?” He scanned her body, then locked his gaze on her bow. “Do you belong to some sort of anti-technology cult or something?”
River pressed her lips together. She hadn’t mentioned New Eden, but telling him she was a part of a community bordered on treason.  
“There’s a blizzard coming. You need to leave.”
“I need to find shelter. I was looking for a mine or cave to hole up in when that mountain lion surprised me.”
“Where’s your camp?”
“Destroyed by a black bear.” He grinned, displaying a set of perfect, white teeth and two dimples. “It seems the wildlife is out to get me. Two years ago I was chased by a wolf; a bear destroyed my campsite this morning; and now this.”
“Maybe you should stay out of the wilderness.”
“It’s a little late for that.” He rocked his head from side to side, cracking his neck. “I hate to ask, but can I stay at your place until the storm passes? I can sleep on the floor.”
“My place?”
“I assume you live nearby. Right?”
“I don’t live anywhere near here, but I know a place where we can find shelter.” Taking an outsider to the Enforcer’s cleansing station could land River in all sorts of trouble if anyone found out. But Jonathan had risked his life to save hers. Leaving him to fend for himself was a death sentence. Hopefully, she’d be able to escort him back to the border once the storm broke and no one would be the wiser. “You have to promise you’ll never come here again or reveal this location to anyone.”
Jonathan

“I don’t think I could find my way back here; even if I wanted to. How far is this shelter?” 
“About twenty miles.” River nodded towards the forest then gave Jonathan an appraising look. “Can you walk that far?”
He could still do twenty miles in Army boots with a hundred pound pack on his back, but he wasn’t sure he wanted to follow River into the woods. 
Dressed in buckskin and armed with a primitive bow and arrows, there was no way she didn’t belong to a cult. If the twelve-inch leather sheath strapped to her boot was any indication of the blade she carried, he’d need to watch his back.
She gave off a tough-as-nails vibe, but there was a certain vulnerability about her, too. What was she doing wandering around in the wilderness, all alone? Maybe she was a runaway. 
Jonathan’s only other choice was to keep going and hope he could climb to the mine he’d spotted half way up the mountain. It would be a lot harder without his prosthesis. 
He’d take his chances with Little Miss Pocahontas. He hoped she’d loosen up and tell him a little about herself during the hike. His curiosity was killing him. “So, what’s your name, kid?”
“River, daughter of Asher and Issachar’s daughter. And I’m not a kid.”
“What’s with the pedigree?” 
River narrowed her eyes at him. “Lineage is very important to my people. I don’t expect you to understand.”
“Genealogy is important to my people, too.” Jonathan had never been bitten by the roots bug. Dad had tried to trace their line back to Scotland, where they’d obviously originated, but couldn’t get any further than his great-great-grandfather, the gold miner. “So, you’re Asher and Issachar’s daughter?”
“Asher was my father. My mother was Issachar’s daughter.”
“That’s a little confusing. Why not just use your mother’s name?”
“Only alpha males are named.”
“Alpha males? Like what, a wolf pack?”
River’s eyes widened for a split second. “No more questions.”
“I’m just trying to pass the time.”
“Alright, then. How about you answer my questions?”
“Why don’t we take turns?”
River fastened a series of toggles and loops around the hood of her parka, snugging it around her face. “How old are you?”
“Twenty-one. You?”
“Eighteen.”
At least she was legal. “River’s a pretty name, for a pretty girl.”
She rolled her eyes at him, but the corners of her mouth twitched up. “Are you trying to impress me?”
Jonathan kept his stump behind his back as he walked and tried to fake the confidence and cockiness that used to come so naturally. “I’ve got a ton of cheesy pickup lines. How about—”
“What’s a pickup line?”
Seriously? “You know…what guys say to girls to let them know they’re interested.”
“Interested in what?”
She was either teasing him or incredibly naive. He decided to go with naive. “It’s a way for a guy to let a girl know he likes her and wants to spend time with her.”
River’s lips twitched again, but this time she wasn’t able to hold back her smile. “You like me?”
“What’s not to like? Any girl that can shoot a bow is sexy as hell.”
River’s smile disappeared. She stepped sideways, away from Jonathan. “I’m not going to mate with you.”
“Whoa!” Jonathan stopped and held his hand up, palm out. “I wasn’t implying—”
“Sex is the same as mating.”
“Sexy just means attractive.”
“I’m not trying to attract you.”
“I was just trying to be nice.” Jonathan rubbed his face with his hand. The tips of his fingers were completely numb. So was his nose. Not good. He pulled his prosthetic out from under his elbow and dropped it on the ground. It pained him to lose it, even though it was broken, but his real hand was more valuable. He tucked his numb fingers under his left armpit and prayed it would be enough. “How long until we get there?”
“I’m not sure. I’ve never made the journey on foot.”
River

Even though it would make her life easier, River didn’t want Jonathan to die. She pulled her felt mask out of her pack and tossed it to him. “Your nose is turning white.”
He managed to catch it and put it on, but just barely. His reflexes were obviously slowing down. She lost count of the number of times he stumbled and fell. Each time, it took longer for him to get up. And each time, she had to resist the urge to help him. He never complained, not once. She couldn’t help but admire his tenacity. She nudged his shoulder with her boot. “Get up.”
Jonathan staggered to his feet. By journey’s end, he was weaving and slurring his words like a drunk. He was no longer shivering, but that was a bad sign. His lips were as blue as his eyes—also a bad sign. But the cleansing station was deserted when they got there and that was a very good sign.
The cleansing station wasn’t off limits to the general population of New Eden, but since enforcers were the only ones allowed to cross the borders, no one else ever needed to use it. So, although River knew where the station was, she had no idea what to do when she got there. Luckily, someone had carved detailed instructions into the wooden door of the pre-cleanse hut: 
WARNING! Do not enter the post-cleanse hut until after completing the first cleanse unless given clearance by a commanding officer. Follow all instructions exactly. Failure to do so is punishable by death.
River’s heart skipped a beat then hammered her chest. What had she gotten herself into? 
1. Use the outside access door to build a fire in the post-cleanse hut’s stove prior to cleansing during freezing weather. Failure to do so may result in death due to hypothermia.
River sent Jonathan into the pre-cleanse hut to get him out of the wind then jogged over to the post-cleanse hut to build the fire. She brushed the snow off the tinder box and raised the lid. Not only did she find lint, wood shavings and a striker; there was a bundle of tallow-dipped twigs. Enforcers spared no expense. She’d have a roaring fire in no time. 
When the kindling caught, River double checked the flue then closed the access door. She waited until smoke flowed out of the chimney in an unbroken stream for three seconds then deemed it safe to leave the fire and go check on Jonathan. 
It was much warmer inside the pre-cleanse hut, but Jonathan didn’t look any better. He’d managed to prop himself up by sitting in a corner with his back against the wall, but he was barely conscious. 
River built a fire in the stove then poked at his legs with the toe of her boot until he opened his eyes.
Jonathan

Jonathan woke up with a start. “Stop kicking me.”
“Then stay awake.” River pointed at a stack of wooden boxes on the opposite wall. “I need you to take off your clothes and put them in Reuben’s trunk.”
“Whoa, don’t you think we should get better acquainted before we get naked?”
River whipped her bow off her back and had an arrow aimed at Jonathan’s heart in less time than it took to blink. “I’m not going to mate with you!”
Jonathan tucked his knees against his chest, guarding his vital organs. “You’re the one demanding I take off all my clothes.” 
River lowered her bow and eased the tension on the string, but she kept the arrow in place.
Jonathan glanced at the boxes. They each had an old-fashioned biblical name carved into the hinged front. 
“Why do you want me to put my clothes in a box?”
“So the omegas can…” River closed her eyes and took a noisy breath then opened them and glared at Jonathan. “Just…do as you’re told.”
“Why do you want me naked?”
“Do you bathe with your clothes on?”
“I don’t see a bathtub.” The only thing in the one room shack, besides the pot-bellied stove, was the stack of boxes. 
“The cleansing pool is outside.”
“Outside? I’ll freeze to death.”
“It’s a hot mineral spring.” River took the arrow off the string and slid it into the leather quiver on her back.
“Are you going to join me?” Jonathan rubbed the back of his neck and plastered a bored expression on his face, hoping that would counter the eagerness in his voice. 
“I haven’t touched you, so there’s no need.” She set her bow on top of the box with the name ‘Eli’ carved on the front.
“Ah, back to that again. You still think I’m carrying some horrible disease?”
River crossed her arms over her chest. “It’s a precaution. There are certain protocols that must be followed.”
“Sounds serious.”
“It is. Now, please, take off your clothes, put them in the box and get in the cleansing pool.” She turned on her heel and stomped outside, slamming the door behind her.
Jonathan managed to unzip his jeans, but the button gave his frostbitten fingers all sorts of trouble. His stomach clenched as he examined his hand. The frostbite might blister, but it wasn’t severe enough to require amputation. 
He stripped down as fast as he could, but he left his boxers on. Jonathan wasn’t exactly modest. He’d showered with the guys in his unit every day for months, but River wasn’t a guy and she’d already made it clear she had no interest in anything physical with him.
He couldn’t see the hot spring, but a cloud of steam rising out of the ground marked the spot. Jonathan yelled as he ran. It was the fastest—and most miserable—ten-yard dash he’d ever run. He didn’t know which was more painful; the arctic blasts driving pinpricks of snow and sleet into his bare chest, or the hot water on his frozen skin when he plunged into the rock-lined pool.
The water smelled like rotten eggs, but that was a small price to pay for the pure bliss of finally being warm again. He gave in to his exhaustion and closed his eyes. He was almost asleep when he heard River scream.
River

River returned to the post-cleanse hut and used the stove’s outside access door to add another log to the fire then went back around to the front to read the next steps of the cleansing protocol.
2. Enter the pre-cleanse hut. Remove all clothing, weapons and gear. Place in your assigned cedar box.
“That’s done. What’s next?”
3. Proceed directly to the first cleansing pool. Soak for forty-five minutes. Douse with clean water twenty times immediately prior to exiting. (If you did not have direct physical contact with an outsider or spend more than three days in their world, you may skip steps one through three.
“Now they tell me.” She could have built the fire from inside the hut. Oh well.
4. Enter the post-cleanse hut. Dress in purified clothing.
5. If you’ve consumed any outsider food or liquid, an eight hour purge followed by a three day fast is mandatory.
River opened the door and frowned when a sour, musty odor assaulted her nose. At least it was warm inside. The stove had only been going for about ten minutes, but the hut was small and easy to heat. She propped the door open, hoping to air out the stench before it was time to go get Jonathan.
What was causing that smell? Three bunk beds lined the right wall. She checked each one and while none of them smelled especially good, they weren’t the culprit. 
She checked the six cedar chests on the opposite wall, but the purified clothing inside smelled wonderful; lavender, sage, cedar and smoke. She saved Reuben’s box for last.
River hated it when Reuben had to leave the safety of New Eden and venture into the outside world on a mission. She was so afraid she’d never see him again. That he’d get sick and die before completing quarantine, like Father. But when Reuben returned he always smelled clean, pure and safe. She closed her eyes and drank in the scent before closing the lid.
There was a smaller, unmarked cedar box next to the door. River lifted the lid and found the source of the odor—a pile of vomit-stained rags. 
River slammed the lid and backed away from the box. Why hadn’t the omegas cleaned this up?
A chill raced down her spine. It wouldn’t be the first time disease wiped out the entire omega camp assigned to the cleansing station.
River’s pulse roared behind her ears. A gray fog tunneled her vision. She dropped to her knees and buried her face in her hands. Her bare hands that had touched the contaminated box. River screamed and ran out of the hut, shedding her coat, vest and tunic as she flew towards the cleansing pool. 
Jonathan

Jonathan jumped to his feet, sloshing water onto the stone border. “River? Are you okay?”
She barreled toward him at a dead run, peeling her clothes off.
Jonathan scanned the area, looking for a threat but found none. Just because he didn’t see it; didn’t mean there wasn’t one. He vaulted out of the pool and ran towards River. 
Her wide, glassy eyes had the battle-shocked look he’d seen on the faces of so many people in Afghanistan. She veered around him without a word. 
“Hey! What’s going on?”
She didn’t answer. She sat down in the snow next to the hot spring and yanked her boots off, tossing them over her shoulders. She shimmied out of her pants then plunged down the steps and ducked under the surface of the hot water. 
Jonathan ran back to the pool and jumped in. 
When she resurfaced, she had her fingers tangled in her braid.
“What the hell is going on? Is someone chasing you? Are you in danger?”
She ducked back underwater and didn’t come up until her hair was completely undone. “I’m contaminated!” 
“I haven’t even touched you.” The girl wasn’t just a germaphobe. She was a complete nutcase.
“Not you.” She stood up and held her hands in front of her body. “I touched a sick man’s box.”
“Okay…” Jonathan tried to avert his gaze away from her chest, but his eyes seemed to have a mind of their own. Her hair covered her breasts, but not the edge of a tribal tattoo over her heart. “I don’t know what that means, but I’m sure we can figure something out.”
“I’m gonna die!”
“What kind of sickness did this guy have?”
“I don’t know, but the box was full of filthy rags that had been used to clean up vomit!” She turned around and grabbed a nearby bucket then doused herself with water from the pool.
Jonathan waited for her to catch her breath then pointed to the hand carved message on the wooden sign behind her. “According to those instructions, part of this cleansing ritual is purging. Doesn’t that mean making yourself puke?”
River slumped forward and grabbed the stone border. “You’re right.”
She had her back turned, so Jonathan didn’t feel quite as pervy as he probably should have for checking her out. She was petite, about five feet, three inches tall, but with the arms and shoulders of a swimmer. At first he’d thought her thick, dark brown hair was wavy, but that must have been from the braid. It flowed down her back then floated on the surface of the water like a sheet of melted chocolate. Jonathan tucked his hand under his elbow to keep from reaching out to touch it.
River doused herself another nine times then sat down, submerging her breasts. This gave him a chance to study her tattoo. The design looked like a dog, or maybe a wolf with an arrow through its neck. He wanted to ask her what it meant, but tattoos could be really personal. 
He’d thought about getting one after Franklin’s funeral, but Frankie would’ve hated that. He believed the human body was a sacred temple and tattoos were nothing but sacrilegious graffiti. Jonathan ran his fingers over the back of his medallion. Brothers forever.
River sniffed, snapping Jonathan out of his sentimental trance. Tears leaked out of the corners of her closed eyes, but it was her trembling lower lip that tugged at his heart.
He reached out and wiped the tears from her cheek. 
All hell broke loose.
The water churned as River thrashed around, obviously trying to get away from Jonathan.
“River? What’s wrong?”
“You touched me.”
Seriously? “I’m sorry. I wasn’t thinking. But I’m not sick. I haven’t had so much as a cold for over a year. You’re not going to catch anything from me.”
“It’s forbidden for a man to touch a woman in the cleansing pool.”
“But it’s okay for you to prance around in front of me buck naked? That doesn’t make any sense.”
“It’s a rule. It doesn’t have to make sense.” River closed her eyes and sighed, then opened them.
“I take it there’re a lot of rules?”
She nodded.
“What happens if the rules are broken?”
“The offenders are punished.” 
“Okay.” Jonathan figured as much. “What’s the punishment for touching a woman in a cleansing pool?”
“I’m not going to report the incident since you didn’t know the rules.”
“But if I had?”
“If you could not convince the council that the touch was an accident, they would cut off one finger for the first offense.”
Jonathan’s stomach clenched. This was bad. Afghanistan bad.
River leaned forward and narrowed her eyes. “How did you lose your hand?”
He tucked his wrist under his elbow and hugged it to his chest. “It wasn’t a punishment.”
“Then why won’t you tell me?” 
“Because I don’t like to talk about it!” Jonathan didn’t mean to yell, but River’s questions were stirring up too many painful memories.
She gasped and blinked her eyes.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.” Jonathan stretched his hand out to brush the fresh tears off her cheek.
“Don’t touch me!”
“Shit!” Jonathan jerked his hand back. “I’m sort of programmed to comfort girls when they cry and that usually involves quite a bit of touching.”
“I don’t know what’s wrong with me.” River swiped at her eyes then wrinkled her nose and stared at her fingertips; as if they were smeared with blood instead of tears. “I don’t cry. Ever.”
“Everybody cries.” 
“Not me.” River stood up without warning. “The post-cleanse hut may not be contaminated, but there’s no way of knowing for certain. I think we better skip it and go straight to the quarantine cabin.”
Jonathan averted his gaze, but not quick enough. The girl was a nut job, no doubt about it, but she was sexy as hell. “Um…you go ahead. I’ll join you in a few minutes.”
The quarantine cabin was less than fifty yards from the hot spring, but Jonathan’s hair crackled with ice before he reached the porch. He yanked the door open and hurried inside. 
River stood in front of the stove, buck naked. What kind of game was she playing? She’d had plenty of time to get dressed. At least she had her back to him. 
She turned around and arched her eyebrows then pointed at his boxers. “What are those?”
Jonathan blushed like a school girl. “What? You’ve never heard of underwear?”
“I told you to take off all your clothes.” 
“What difference does it make?”
“You can’t keep anything that came from the outside world. Except maybe that chain and medallion around your neck. Is that solid gold?”
“Twenty-four karat.” He resisted the urge to reach up and touch the medallion that held Franklin’s feather. It was twisted around so all that showed was the solid gold back. That resin-encased feather was worth more to Jonathan than a mountain of gold. The only way anyone was taking it, was out of his cold, dead fist. “Why can’t I wear my own clothes?”
“They’re not allowed.” 
“I could wash them in the hot springs.”
“That’s not the problem.”
“Then what is?”
“You leave everything behind when you join us. It’s like being reborn.”
“I’m not joining you. This is temporary.” Jonathan cupped his hand over the front of his boxers to hide the effect River’s naked body was having on his. 
She wrinkled her nose and snarled at him. “Stop playing with yourself. What are you? A toddler?”
“I’m not playing with myself! And I’m certainly not a toddler. I’m a man. And seeing a woman’s naked body does things to a man.”
River rolled her eyes. “You need to control yourself. I already told you I don’t want to mate with you.”
“Where I come from, people don’t prance around in the nude if they don’t want to mate.”
“Well, that’s inconvenient.”
Jonathan kept himself covered with his hand and pointed at her with his stump. “I’m going to go put my underwear in the box with the rest of my clothes. When I return you better be dressed.”
Jonathan grumbled under his breath as he jogged all the way back to the first hut. By the time he got there, his skin was blue. He threw his boxers in Reuben’s trunk with the rest of his clothes then ran to the hot spring. He needed to warm up before hiking back to the quarantine cabin. Besides, he wanted to be sure River had enough time to get dressed. What a tease. He soaked in the steaming water until he was dizzy from the heat.
When he returned, River was wearing a short, white nightgown that ended about four inches above her knees. She’d also braided her hair. It hung down her back in a thick damp rope that ended just above the curve of her butt. She still looked sexy as hell, but he could handle it…as long as she kept her back turned.
A tea kettle on top of the old-fashioned wood burning stove whistled. River moved it to a sturdy pine table and set it down. She waved towards the six cedar boxes stacked up against the wall without looking at him. “See if you can find something that fits you in Eli’s trunk.”
The quarantine cabin was three times as big as the first shack, but it still felt crowded. Three bunk beds, jammed head to foot on the opposite wall took up half the floor space. 
Jonathan opened Eli’s trunk and peered inside. “Are you sure this guy won’t care if I borrow his clothes?”
“With a little luck, you’ll be long gone before he ever finds out.”
Not quite the answer Jonathan was hoping for. But what choice did he have? He dug all the way to the bottom of the wooden chest, looking for something that resembled boxers. “Where’s the underwear?”
River snorted. “We don’t use underwear.”
Jonathan looked at the well-worn buckskin pants and groaned. “Oh, man. That’s just gross.”
“Everything’s been purified.” 
“How?” Jonathan glanced over his shoulder to be sure River still had her back turned. She did. “You can’t toss any sort of leather in a washing machine and I’m willing to bet this stuff’s never been dry cleaned.” 
“Our smoke sheds are dry.” River turned around and scowled at him.
“Do you mind?” Jonathan covered himself with the wadded up pants.
River rolled her eyes, again, before turning her back.
“If you don’t quit rolling your eyes, they’re going to get stuck in the back of your head.” Jonathan lifted the buckskin pants to his face and took a wary sniff. They smelled like leather, wood smoke and cedar. People had used smoke to cure meat for centuries. But would that be enough to cure any nasties on Eli’s clothes? You couldn’t get AIDS or herpes from wearing someone else’s clothes, but what about crabs? He could either wear what River gave him, or go naked.
Jonathan gritted his teeth and slid into Eli’s pants. They were a little tight around his thighs and calves, but other than that, they fit like a second skin. There was just one problem. Instead of a fly with buttons or a zipper, the front of the pants laced up over a flap of leather with a rawhide string. Tying his shoes was one of the first things Jonathan had learned in occupational therapy, but it was still going to take him awhile to get it done without his prosthesis.
“Do you need any help?”
Jonathan glanced over his shoulder. 
River stood behind him, arms folded across her chest. 
How long had the little perv been watching him? “Aren’t you scared I’ll contaminate you?”
“You’re clean now. Except for any airborne illnesses.” River closed her eyes and rubbed her forehead. “And it’s too late to worry about that now. I’ve already breathed your air.”
“And I already told you. I’m not sick.” Jonathan unfolded the shirt. It looked just like River’s old-fashioned nightgown, only shorter. The round neck cinched up with a drawstring cord. Great. More strings to tie. 
The shirt started itching the minute he put it on. “What is this? Wool?”
“It’s goat hair.”
“Goat hair?” Jonathan bunched up the fabric in his fist and held it away from his chest.
River scowled at him. “What’s your problem?” 
“It itches.”
“You’ll get used to it.”
Jonathan seriously doubted it, but he wasn’t going to be there long enough to find out. As soon as the weather cleared, he was outta there.
“Put this on.” River handed him a thick leather vest that also laced up the front. Jonathan wasn’t sure what purpose the vest served until he put it on. It held the excess fabric of the shirt against his body and out of his way, creating a layer of insulation. If he’d been wearing this get-up during the hike from hell, he wouldn’t have gotten so cold.
“Here, try these.” River handed him a pair of fur-lined boots with, of course, more laces. Jonathan was surprised to find a pair of socks stuffed into the toes. “How come I get socks but no underwear?”
“Socks serve a purpose. They keep your feet dry so your toes don’t freeze off.”
“As much as I like my toes, I’d rather protect the parts of my body that would be covered by underwear.”
River made a broth out of jerky she found in a cupboard. Jonathan would have rather just eaten the jerky—there seemed to be plenty of it—but he didn’t want to seem ungrateful. 
As soon as it got too dark to see, they went to bed. Jonathan couldn’t get comfortable. The straw mattress was lumpy and smelled like a wet dog. His borrowed pants kept getting twisted every time he rolled over. His upper body was still itchy, even after removing the goat hair shirt. And River was sleeping naked. 
When Jonathan woke up the next morning, his bladder screamed for relief. River was already up, and from the looks of her, she hadn’t slept very well either. She’d obviously been crying. Was she still worried about getting sick? “Hey, kid, are you okay?”
“I’m fine.” She didn’t sound fine, but she obviously didn’t want to talk about it. 
“Um…is there an outhouse or something?”
River shook her head. “There’s a chamber pot in that closet.”
There was no way he was using a chamber pot. Not for taking a leak—actually, not for anything. He’d dig a latrine with a stick if he had to. “Any objections to using a tree?”
“Piss off the edge of the porch. Just be sure the wind’s at your back.”
“How stupid do you think I am?”
She shrugged her shoulders. “You’re going outside to piss in a blizzard.”
The wind nearly tore the door out of Jonathan’s hand when he opened it. He wrapped his left arm around the porch post to keep from getting blown over. It was a good thing he decided to come with River instead of trying to make it on his own. There was no way he would have survived this. He’d thought the blizzard was bad the day before, but it was much worse that morning, with zero visibility. A total white out. The wind chill factor had to be at least fifty below. The chamber pot might not be such a bad idea.
Jonathan made sure everything was covered then hurried back inside to retie his pants.
River was squatting in front of the stove, poking at the fire with her back to Jonathan. “Were you dreaming about your mate last night?”
“Mate? You mean like a wife?”
River nodded but didn’t turn around.
“I’m not married. Not even close.” Carrie changed the status of her Facebook page to ‘single’ three months after Jonathan deployed. She’d visited him once at the VA hospital in Denver during his recovery, but she’d brought her new boyfriend along for the ride.
“Then who’s Frankie?”
A fist of pain squeezed Jonathan’s heart.
River didn’t give him a chance to answer. “You called out her name several times last night.”
“Franklin was my brother, my twin.”
 She shut the stove door and turned around. “Was?”
Jonathan took a deep breath and closed his eyes. He hated saying it out loud. Hated the finality of it, the shocked reactions, the pity, the gut-wrenching agony of remembering. “He died.” 
“I’m so sorry.”
Sweat beaded across Jonathan’s brow. Please, just let it go. 
“How long has it been since you lost him?”
“I didn’t lose him, okay!” Jonathan had a hard time reacting appropriately when anyone spoke of Franklin’s death as a ‘loss.’ As if he’d misplaced his brother. Gone off and left him at the mall or something. “He was blown to bits when we hit a roadside bomb in Afghanistan.”
Chapter Five
Prophecies

Jonathan’s outburst startled River, but she understood his reaction. She remembered how hard it’d been after Mother’s execution. Every condolence, no matter how sincere, triggered one of two reactions; blinding rage or overwhelming grief. It was easier to just avoid everyone. If Reuben hadn’t given her Sugar to raise and train, River would have gone crazy. The orphaned filly gave her something to focus on other than her own pain.
Jonathan rubbed his forehead. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to snap at you. Please, don’t cry.”
“I’m not crying.” River blinked. “I was just thinking about my mother.”
“Do you want to talk about it?” 
No, River didn’t want to talk about it, but she had pried the information about Franklin out of Jonathan. The least she could do was tell him about Mother. “She died.”
“I’m sorry.” 
“It’s been five years and I still miss her so much.”
Jonathan crossed the room in three strides and wrapped his arms around River. “Is this okay?”
She buried her face in his shoulder and nodded. I will not cry.
Jonathan held her head in place with his right hand and rubbed her back with his left forearm. 
Ever since she’d been attacked, River didn’t like to be touched by men—except for Reuben, and he hadn’t touched her since rejecting her in the cleansing pool last spring. At first, River had hoped that Reuben would turn to her after Hannah ran away, but he’d only grown more distant. And angry. 
Eli had finally asked permission to court her a week after Hannah left, but he didn’t visit her very often. They’d only held hands and even that felt awkward. But this…this felt wonderful. Jonathan’s caresses eased the ache in River’s heart. She hadn’t been hugged since Gabriel offered to mate with her.
Jonathan froze. “This isn’t against the rules, is it?”
“It’s fine.” Eli hadn’t applied for a courtship contract yet, so it wasn’t illegal, just ill-advised.
Jonathan gave her a gentle squeeze then let go and stepped back. “So, what are the rules about this sort of thing?”
River sat on the edge of her bed. “We may embrace each other, as long as we’re both dressed and neither of us are aroused.”
“Okay…” A pink flush spread across Jonathan’s cheeks as he grinned at her, displaying his dimples. “So far, so good. What about kissing and stuff?”
“Stuff?” 
“You know, making out?”
River wasn’t familiar with the phrase, ‘making out,’ but she could guess what Jonathan was hinting at. “We aren’t allowed to do anything that might activate the mating instinct until after we merge with our spirit guides.” River gasped. Disclosing information about New Eden’s society to outsiders was forbidden. She covered her face with both hands and shook her head. “Please, don’t ask me any more questions.”
Jonathan knelt in front of her and took her left wrist. He pulled her hand away from her face then interlaced his fingers through hers. “Are you involved with a cult? Do you need help getting out?”
“No!” River tugged her hand out of Jonathan’s and rubbed her sweaty palms on her thighs. She had to convince him not to tell anyone about New Eden, but do it without revealing any more secrets. “My people just want to be left alone. We want to live our lives without outside interference. We aren’t hurting anyone.”
“Really?” Jonathan placed his hand over hers. His cool, dry palm covered her hand completely. His sky blue eyes captured her gaze and held it. “Then why are you so frightened?”
River stood up, dislodging Jonathan’s hand. “I need to go chop more firewood.” 
Jonathan moved from his knees to his feet with the grace and balance of a cougar. “I’m not helpless. I can still swing an ax.”
“I need to clear my head. Alone.” River bolted out the door without giving him a chance to argue.
As soon as River stepped outside, she smelled smoke. The north wind snatched the smoke from the quarantine cabin’s chimney too quickly for that to be the source. She couldn’t see the other end of the porch in this weather, much less the cleansing huts, but there was no doubt in her mind that someone was there.
She ran back inside the cabin, slammed the door and pressed her back against it—as if she could keep trouble from finding them.
“That was fast.” Jonathan quirked his mouth into a lopsided grin. “Where’s the wood?”
“We have a problem.”
Jonathan’s eyebrows shot up. “What kind of problem?”
“Enforcers.”
His body tensed, bunching his muscles. “What are enforcers?”
“They guard and protect us.”
“Let me guess, they’re going to see me as some sort of threat?”
River nodded. “Unless I can convince them that you’re my recruit.”
“Maybe I should just leave.”
“You’ll never survive.” River pressed her fingers against her temples. “When they find your body, they’ll know that I brought you here. I’ll be punished.”
“Okay.” Jonathan took a deep breath then exhaled with an audible rush of air. “How do we convince them I’m your recruit?” 
“You need to be unhappy with the outside world. You’re opposed to modern industry, pollution and the greed of western civilization. You need to be disillusioned and angry.” 
Jonathan’s eyes shifted back and forth as he gazed at her. “I can do that.”
River chewed her thumbnail as she paced the length of the cabin. “We don’t recruit people with family ties. You have to convince them that you’re an orphan or that you’re so estranged from your family that they won’t bother to search for you.”
“Some wacko environmental terrorist bombed my family’s gold mine about two years ago. It made the national news. I could claim I did it to protest my family’s disregard for the environment. That will strengthen my tree-hugger image and make me an outcast.”
“But if that happened two years ago, you’ll need to explain why you waited so long to leave.”
“How about…I had to go to prison for bombing the mine and just now got out?”
River stopped pacing and smiled. “That’s very clever. Stick to the truth about how we met. The fact that you fought a cougar to save my life proves you’re strong and courageous and gives me a reason to recruit you.”
“Anything else? What should I know about your cult?”
“Don’t call it a cult.” River spoke through gritted teeth then sighed. “You don’t need to know anything about our society. Recruits aren’t told much the first few weeks.”
“Okay, then. When do we go meet these enforcers?”
“You aren’t going anywhere. Enforcers tend to shoot first and ask questions later. When the blizzard’s over, I’ll go tell them I’ve recruited you.”
River didn’t have to leave the quarantine cabin after all. Four hours after first smelling smoke, the door burst open. The enforcer’s hooded parka obscured his face. River didn’t recognize him until he shoved it off his head. Eli. 
He pointed at Jonathan. “Who the hell is that?”
River moved to step in front of Jonathan but he grabbed her arm and shoved her behind him, using his body to protect hers. If Jonathan weren’t an outsider, River would have sworn he was an alpha. She leaned around him and locked gazes with Eli. “Jonathan is my recruit.”
“Recruit?”
“That’s what I said. Are you deaf?”
Eli’s nostrils flared. “Where did you find a recruit? You aren’t allowed outside our borders.”
“He was wandering around in the buffer zone.”
Eli took off his parka then turned his attention to Jonathan. “What’s your story?”
Jonathan glanced at River then recited everything just the way they’d rehearsed it. It seemed to be going fine, until he got to the part about setting off a bomb in the mine.
Eli whipped his hunting knife out of his boot and lunged at Jonathan. 
River gulped a lungful of air, but before she could shout a warning, Jonathan grabbed Eli’s wrist, twisted his arm around, and pressed the knife against Eli’s throat. The knife was still in Eli’s hand, but Jonathan had control of it. 
“Drop it or die, asshat.”
The knife clattered to the floor. Jonathan had Eli’s arm twisted in such a way that it wouldn’t take much to break it.
What’s an asshat? River kicked the knife under her bed. “Jonathan, stop.”
“He tried to kill me.”
“I know. What I don’t know, is why he tried to kill you.” River edged closer and rested her hand on Jonathan’s shoulder, but she spoke to Eli. “Give me your word you won’t try to hurt my recruit.”
Eli’s glare burned right through River, but he nodded. She squeezed Jonathan’s shoulder. It felt like squeezing a rock. “Let him go.”
Jonathan released Eli’s arm and stepped back, but maintained a defensive crouch.
River didn’t blame him. She glared at Eli. “Why did you attack?”
Eli rubbed his shoulder and narrowed his eyes. River knew that look. His royal highness was pissed. He shifted his gaze to Jonathan then back to her. “Your recruit is lying.”
River’s mouth went dry. “How would you know?”
“Because, he didn’t bomb the McKnight Mine. I did.”
Jonathan’s face paled. His eyes widened then narrowed.
River stepped in front of Eli. Unlike Jonathan, Eli let her shield him. Coward.
Jonathan clenched his fist. His chest heaved as he pointed at Eli. “I was there the night it happened. You nearly killed me and my ex-girlfriend!”
“Jonathan, don’t.” River’s heart hammered in her chest. She turned to Eli. “You can’t tell anyone.”
“Why should I stick my neck out for this liar?”
“Because I’m the one that brought him here.”
Eli’s expression hardened. “You know the penalty for bringing an outsider over the border.”
“I owe him my life.” River told Eli the story of how she met Jonathan, but he didn’t seem impressed. 
“You expect me to believe that? After you’ve already lied to me?”
“Believe what you want, but I couldn’t just leave him to die!”
“What were you planning to do with him once the blizzard ended? Let him go?”
“Of course not! That’s treason.” River gazed into Jonathan’s eyes and silently begged him to forgive her for what she was about to say then turned to Eli. “He’s only got one hand, so I told him he needed to come up with an amazing story to persuade the council to accept him.”
Jonathan

Jonathan knew River wasn’t trying to humiliate him. It was easy to see from the panicked expression on her face that she was in big trouble. He should have just cut Eli’s throat when he had the chance. He’d killed in Afghanistan, but that was different. This wasn’t a war zone. His life wasn’t in any immediate danger. If he killed Eli now, it would be in cold blood.
Eli folded his arms across his chest. “Do you know what it means to be a recruit, outsider?”
Jonathan shrugged. It didn’t really matter. He had no intention of joining their crazy cult.
River spoke up, blurting her words out in a rush. “Most of our men have impaired fertility. About half of them are sterile.”
“River…” Eli dragged her name out, a clear warning to keep quiet. Which, of course, she ignored.
“Our numbers are too small to sustain the population without resorting to inbreeding.” She pulled her braid over her shoulder and slid her hands down its length. 
“Whoa.” Jonathan tore his gaze from River’s thick, shiny braid to her eyes. “Are you saying…you want me to make babies?”
Eli laughed, but the sound was harsh, more like a bark. “Don’t get too excited, outsider. You have to pass a battery of tests before you’d be allowed to service a servant.”
Servicing servants? Jonathan immediately pictured Mom’s forty-something housekeeper and shuddered. He didn’t care if they offered him a room full of beautiful, young virgins. No way would he join that group of freaks. Didn’t cults use sex as a lure for recruits? Yeah, nice try, but not falling for it. He needed to figure out how to stall long enough to come up with an escape plan. “What kind of tests?”
“Your first test is to see if you’re strong enough to survive a complete cleanse.”
“What does that mean?”
Eli put the kettle back on the stove then opened a cabinet stacked floor to ceiling with glass jars. He pulled one out and grinned. “We’ll start with a purge.” 
Jonathan didn’t trust Eli not to poison him. He’d already tried to kill him. “No way.”
“When you agreed to be River’s recruit, you promised to obey all the doctrines, precepts and covenants of New Eden.”
New Eden? Jonathan’s suspicions were correct. It was definitely a cult. If he didn’t go along with it, River would be in trouble. If he drank the kool-aid, he could wind up dead. “I want River to prepare it.”
“I don’t know how.” River’s eyes widened as she shook her head; but then a slow smile spread across her face. “Make enough for two people, Eli. You’re doing the cleanse with Jonathan.”
Eli narrowed his eyes. “There’s no reason for me to do a full cleanse.”
“Where have you been for the past two weeks? Red Cliff?”
Eli slammed the jar of herbs onto the table. “What do you know about Red Cliff?”
“I know it’s where you go to indulge in forbidden pleasures.” River slid her hand into her fur-lined glove then snatched a Snicker’s candy bar wrapper out of Eli’s pocket.
A crimson flush spread across Eli’s cheeks as he tried to grab it away from her. 
River dodged his grasp and shoved the wrapper between her vest and her shirt. “I wonder what Reuben will say when I show him this?”
If Eli was going to get the wrapper back, he’d have to feel her up. He fisted his hands and glared at her. “That’s not mine.”
“Now, who’s the liar?” River’s smile turned deadly. “You need to purge the foreign food from your system before it poisons you.”
Jonathan was glad he wasn’t the one pissing her off.
Eli ran a hand through his hair. “Maybe an extreme cleanse isn’t necessary. He’s been here for over twenty-four hours with no symptoms of illness, correct?”
Jonathan wanted to bury his fist in Eli’s nose. “It’s strange how that part just slipped your mind when I was the only one purging, huh buddy?” 
“Watch your tone with me, outsider. You have no idea who I am.”
“Sure I do. You’re the guy that can’t hold onto his own knife.” Jonathan kept Eli in his peripheral vision as he spoke to River. “I still don’t trust him. He could slip something extra into my dose.”
River smiled. “Once he’s brewed the emetic, Eli isn’t touching it. I’ll pour and serve each dose.”
It wasn’t ideal, but Jonathan trusted River. “How long is this going to take?”
Eli wiped the back of his hand over his brow. “Eight hours, but it’ll feel like two weeks.”
After two hours of projectile vomiting into a bucket, Jonathan thought he was dying. He dry heaved for another hour before he could swallow the snow River kept trying to spoon down his throat. It took another three hours before he managed to keep any of it down. By then he would have welcomed death. He was too weak to sit up. Between bouts of puking he slept on the floor, curled up around his bucket. His only consolation was that Eli was every bit as sick as he was and twice as vocal. He whined like a little girl and demanded River wash his bucket out every time he so much as spit in it.
When it was finally over, Jonathan crawled into bed and collapsed. River brought him a cup of chamomile tea then slid in behind him and supported his head and shoulders while he sipped it. She leaned in close and whispered, “Thank you for going along with this.”
Jonathan nodded, then closed his eyes. When he opened them again, sunlight streaming in through the single window by the door blinded him. He sat up and shielded his eyes. Eli was dressed and seated at the small table in front of the stove. There was no sign of River. 
Jonathan crawled out of bed and checked the upper bunks. The middle one was unmade, but empty. “Where’s River?”
“Hunting.”
Jonathan jammed his feet into his boots and headed towards the door without tying them. He grabbed his coat off the peg on the wall and pulled his glove out of the pocket.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Eli took a sip from his steaming cup.
“To help her.” 
“How? By scaring off the game?” 
Whatever was in Eli’s cup smelled so good it made Jonathan’s mouth water. “Is that soup?”
Eli stared at Jonathan over the rim of his cup as he drained it. He smacked his lips then nodded at the other cup on the table. “That one’s for you.”
The aroma kicked Jonathan’s salivary glands into overdrive, but there was no way he was going to drink anything Eli offered. “No, thanks.”
“What’s the matter, outsider? Is your palate too sensitive for venison broth?”
“I’m not hungry.” Jonathan’s stomach growled in denial, but for all he knew, the broth could be full of rat poison.
Eli grinned and picked up the cup. “Well, if you don’t want it…” He took a sip then sighed with obvious pleasure as he set the cup back on the table. “I’ve been awake for hours. If I wanted to kill you, you’d be dead.”
He had a point. 
Jonathan tossed his coat onto his bed then fetched the cup off the table. He took a sip and rolled it around on his tongue then drained the cup. “Can I ask you something?”
“Sure.”
“Why do you keep calling me ‘outsider?’ I was born and raised in Leadville.”
“You have no idea how far away that is.” 
The trailhead where Jonathan had parked his car was at least sixty miles from his destroyed campsite. He’d hiked another fifteen looking for shelter before he ran into the mountain lion. He’d been so disoriented with hypothermia he had no idea how far he and River had hiked—or in what direction. “It’s not more than a hundred miles...is it?” 
“Why? Are you thinking about running away?” Eli’s eyes flashed a brighter shade of blue. “You better be sure you can succeed before you try, because if you leave during my watch, I’ll hunt you down and carve you into bite-sized pieces and feed you to the crows. Do you understand?”
Jonathan nodded. He understood alright. If he escaped while River was gone, Eli would be in trouble, not her. He didn’t want anyone to be brutally punished, not even Eli, but Jonathan wasn’t the one that made up the rules. He wasn’t the one threatening to feed people to the birds either.
“Why do you hate me so much? You don’t even know me.”
Eli leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees. “Because recruits are a pain in the ass and I have enough to worry about without taking on more responsibilities. I don’t need any more distractions.”
“I’m River’s recruit, so I’m her distraction, not yours.” 
“River’s problems become my problems the instant we’re married.”
Jonathan’s mouth fell open. He snapped it shut then leaned against the wall, trying to look as if Eli’s announcement hadn’t just knocked the wind out of him. “So you’re what? Engaged?”
“Betrothed.”
Why did that bother him so much? And why hadn’t River mentioned she was betrothed when she was quizzing Jonathan about his relationship status. He’d assumed her silence on the subject meant she was single. Actually, he’d assumed it meant she was interested. Yeah, right. Sure, he and River had shared a couple of tender moments. She’d taken better care of him during the purge than she had Eli, but that didn’t mean anything. Eli’s whining was so annoying it would have driven off his own mother. 
“When will River be back?” Jonathan sighed then cracked his neck, as if he were bored.
“Not until dark. She loves hunting.”
Perfect. “If she gets a deer, how’s she going to get it back here? Did she borrow your horse?”
“I doubt she’ll bag a deer in one day, but if she does, she’ll field dress it and bring back the best cuts, leaving the rest for the wolves.” 
Fantastic. “Until I saw that black wolf in my family’s mine, I had no idea there were wolves in Colorado.” Jonathan stretched and yawned and moved a little closer to Eli.
Eli narrowed his eyes. “Knocking a wolf out with a rock was nothing but pure, dumb luck. So was disarming me.”
Jonathan reached forward as if he were going to set his cup on the table, then slammed his elbow into Eli’s temple. 
Eli’s eyes rolled up into his head. 
“How’s that for pure, dumb luck?” Jonathan propped him back up then unlaced Eli’s boots and used the rawhide laces to bind his hands and feet to the chair.
It took him a lot longer to do it with one hand, but at least he got it done. Eli wasn’t going anywhere until River came back and untied him. By then, Jonathan would be long gone.
He put his coat on, fastened the toggles and slipped his hand into his glove. River had taken care of Eli’s horse during their purge so he had no problem finding the barn. He just followed her tracks.
Jonathan hadn’t been on a horse in years, but knew how to ride. He and Franklin spent every summer between their sixth and fourteenth birthdays on Granddad McKnight’s horse ranch...until mixed martial arts took over their lives.
Jonathan’s confidence plummeted when he didn’t find a saddle in the barn. He didn’t find a bridle either, just a hackamore. This was going to be more challenging than he thought. But there was no going back. Not after knocking Eli out and tying him up.
At least the horse looked friendly.
Jonathan had heard Eli and River refer to the gelding as Old Red, so he called him by name then walked up to him and let him sniff his face. Jonathan was in a hurry, but a little time spent getting acquainted could be the difference between getting away, or getting thrown.
It was hard to determine the horse’s breed. He stood about fifteen hands and had the muscular body of a quarter horse; but with a curly coat and a dread-locked mane. Jonathan had never seen a horse quite like this one. 
Red twitched his ears forward and blew steam out his nose. He didn’t object when Jonathan slipped the hackamore on, or ran his hand over his back. 
“I think you and I are going to get along just fine.” 
Jonathan wrapped his hand in the horse’s mane and tried to swing onto his back.
Red laid his ears flat against his neck and shied sideways. 
“Oh come on!” Granddad McKnight had taught Jonathan to approach a horse from his “near” or left side and to always mount from that side as well. He didn’t know why it was such a big deal, but some horses refused to let a rider mount from the right. Apparently, Red was one of those horses.
But no saddle meant no stirrups and no left hand meant he couldn’t grab onto Red’s mane. He tried to mount from the right a few more times, but Red got even more agitated. 
Jonathan moved to the left side and tried to vault on, using his stump for leverage, but Red didn’t like that either. He bucked and kicked for a good five seconds. Jonathan was lucky he didn’t get trampled. 
He led Red outside so he could walk him around and settle him down before trying again.  
A fallen tree behind the barn gave Jonathan an idea. He used it like a stepping stool and climbed on from the left. Red barely twitched—until Jonathan leaned forward and gently pressed the heels of his boots against Red’s sides.
Years of gymnastics and martial arts training was the only reason Jonathan didn’t fall off. His summers in Montana hadn’t prepared him for riding bareback.
The first sixty seconds were sheer terror. But when Jonathan quit trying to anticipate the rhythm of Old Red’s gait and just let his body react naturally, it was much easier. Once the cabin was out of sight, he headed northeast. He let Red pick his own pace, which turned out to be a smooth, brisk, mile-eating walk. 
Jonathan had no idea how to get home, but he’d started out in the Sawatch Mountain Wilderness. If he kept traveling northeast, he’d eventually hit Highway 24.
He’d gone about five miles when a high-pitched whistle shattered the morning silence. Jonathan froze. Red stopped and turned his head towards the sound. Another whistle, long and low, had him trotting towards the forest. Jonathan tried to turn him the other way, but Red refused to cooperate.
River stepped out of the shadows. She held her bow by her side, an arrow already on the string. “What are you doing on Eli’s horse?”
“I borrowed it.”
“Why? Is Eli okay?” Concern wrinkled her brow.
A flash of irrational jealousy loosened Jonathan’s tongue. “Your betrothed will wake up with a headache and a very bad attitude, but he’s fine.” 
In less time than it took to blink, River had her bow up, the string pulled back against the side of her face and an arrow pointed at Jonathan’s pounding heart.
He’d expected her to be pissed, but he hadn’t expected her to shoot him. “Lower your weapon.”
She glared at him. “Are you trying to leave?”
Jonathan wanted to dig his heels into Red and make a run for it…but those stories about ninjas dodging arrows were highly exaggerated. “I got tired of listening to your betrothed’s empty threats and decided it was time to go home.”
River slackened the string, but kept the arrow pointed at Jonathan’s heart. “I’m not betrothed.”
Jonathan shrugged, faking a disinterested attitude. “It sounds like you and Eli need to discuss the status of your relationship.”
River lowered her bow and walked towards Jonathan. She grabbed Red’s reins. “I ran into a patrol about two hours ago. If they see you out here, alone, on Eli’s horse, they’ll know you’re trying to escape and shoot you on sight.” 
“I’ll take my chances.”
River’s eyes glistened. “I risked my life to save yours.”
“And I fought a mountain lion to save yours. We’re even.”
“Did you forget? If you get caught; I’ll be punished.”
“Why do you think I waited until you left for the day? I escaped on Eli’s watch so it wouldn’t be your fault.”
“You’re my recruit. Everything you do is my fault! If you lose something, I have to replace it. If you break something, I have to fix it. If you commit a crime, I have to share your punishment.”
“How are they going to know I’m your recruit? I’m on Eli’s horse.”
“I told the men on patrol that I had a new recruit. Besides, I would never let someone else take my punishment.” 
“Not even an ‘arrogant jackass?’”
River shook her head. 
Jonathan couldn’t help but admire her ethics. “What’s the punishment for escaping?”
“Death.”
A cold stone of dread settled in Jonathan’s stomach. “How long will you be responsible for my actions?”
“Forever.”
The stone in Jonathan’s stomach shattered into a thousand shards, cutting him to the core. There was no way in hell he would buy his freedom with River’s death. He needed a new plan. 
He needed to take her with him. His blood warmed as he thought about racing across the high mountain mesa with River pressed against his back. That shouldn’t be so appealing. What was it about this wild woman that had him so hot and bothered?
“Will you go back to the quarantine cabin peacefully?”
“Yeah.” Jonathan sighed. “But just so you know, Eli is going to try to kill me.”
“What did you do to him?”
“I knocked him out and tied him to a chair.”
“You tied him up? With what?”
“His boot laces.”
River grinned. “He’s not going to kill you.”
“How can you be so sure?”
“Because if he does, I’ll tell everyone that he let a one-handed recruit disarm him and truss him up with his own boot laces.” 
River stuck her arrow in the leather quiver on her back then lengthened the strap and took it off. She unstrung her bow, slid it into an open-ended sheath attached to the quiver then tied it securely at both ends. 
The speed and fluidity of her movements reminded Jonathan of the weapons drills he used to do in the army. 
 River handed the bundled archery set to him. Jonathan assumed she wanted him to hold it for her while she mounted the horse, but she just stood there and stared at him. 
“Do you need help putting it on?”
“You want me to wear this?”
River sighed and rolled her pretty, brown eyes. “It’s not a good idea to ride with a quiver full of arrows pressed against your belly.”
“Why don’t you just hop on behind me?”
“Red’s never been ridden double before. He might not like it. I’d rather have the reins, if you don’t mind.”
Jonathan could guarantee that Red wouldn’t like it. He handed the reins to River then slid the quiver over his shoulder. 
River wrapped the reins around her hand then grabbed a fistful of Red’s mane. She reached for Jonathan with the other. “Give me a hand up.”
Jonathan reached across his body with his right hand and leaned over. They wrapped their fingers around each other’s wrists, locking their grip. An electric charge zinged up his arm. 
River lifted her knee to her chest then extended her foot like a ballerina, resting her heel on Red’s back. Damn, the girl was flexible…and light as a feather. Jonathan pulled her onto Red’s back with a gentle tug then wrapped his arms around her tiny waist. 
Red tossed his head and reared up.
“Hang on!”
River pulled Red’s head around until his nose touched her knee. He dropped back to all four feet, jarring every bone in Jonathan’s body, then spun around and pranced sideways. 
River cooed and patted Red until he settled down then urged him forward. 
Jonathan took advantage of their forced closeness and pressed his chest against River’s back. He pulled his hood off, then gently tugged River’s to the side. He lowered his head until his cheek brushed against hers. 
Her body trembled. 
His responded. 
Her voice was whisper quiet, breathless. “What are you doing?”
His voice was so low, it rumbled in his chest. “Leave with me.”
River jerked her shoulders forward and whipped her head around. She glared at Jonathan. 
Red swung his rear to the left then broke into a canter. 
River didn’t so much as blink. Her body seemed to be an extension of the horse’s. “I can never leave! Don’t ever mention such a thing again.”
“Okay, okay…don’t freak out on me. It was just a suggestion.” He must have misread her reaction to the closeness of his body. Hope died but he refused to give up. If he couldn’t change her mind and persuade her to go willingly, he’d rescue her by force.
“Such talk is treason; punishable by—”
“Death. Yeah, I got that part. Don’t you people believe in jail?”
“No.” She shook her head and faced forward.
He was not expecting that. “So, every crime is punished with some sort of physical torture, dismemberment or death?”
“We don’t have much crime.”
“I’ll bet not.”
When they got back to the quarantine cabin, River rode past it and headed straight for the barn. Getting off was a lot easier than getting on. 
River led Red into a stall then scooped a handful of oats out of an old-fashioned barrel and dumped it into a feed bag. Red stuck his nose in the sack before River even had the strap over his ears. She handed Jonathan a scrap of what looked like buffalo hide and patted Red’s neck. “Rub him down until he’s dry. I need to have a chat with Eli.”
The sub-zero temperature amplified sounds. Bits and pieces of Eli and River’s argument floated through the air all the way to the horse shed. Not enough to follow the conversation, but Jonathan heard River call Eli an ‘arrogant jackass’ more than once. He grinned. “You tell him, girl.”
Red snorted into his feed bag and tossed his head, as if agreeing with Jonathan.
Jonathan patted Red’s neck. “Smart horse.”
Red nodded again. He was done eating and wanted the feed bag off. Jonathan removed it and hung it on the iron hook over the barrel of oats. Red pushed Jonathan’s shoulder with his forehead as if to say ‘thank you.’
“How would you like a new home with a heated stable, plenty of feed and fresh hay? I’ll need a calm horse to get me and River out of here.”
Red didn’t like carrying two riders, but he’d gotten used to it. How long would it take for him to get used to a screaming, kicking girl on his back? Jonathan would probably have to knock her out. He couldn’t believe he was contemplating kidnapping River. But it was more of a rescue. Cults like New Eden were illegal. This was the freakin’ United States of America. You couldn’t go around chopping people’s fingers off or executing them for someone else’s crime. He’d take River straight to the police station in Red Cliff and let them decide how to handle it. Even if they arrested him, once they found out what was going on in New Eden, there’s no way anyone would convict him of kidnapping. Right?
“Jonathan?” 
River’s voice startled him. He whirled around then froze when he saw the tears streaming down her face. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.” River ducked her chin and swiped at her eyes with the back of her hand.
“That doesn’t look like nothing to me. Why are you crying? Did Eli hurt you?”
“No. He just made me mad.” She swiped at her face again as if the tears were the source of her anger.
“What did he do?”
“He’s insisting that I mate with him.” 
“Are you kidding me?” Jonathan threw the scrap of buffalo hide on the ground and stomped out of Red’s stall. “In exchange for not killing me?”
River grabbed his arms, keeping him from leaving the barn. “You can’t confront him.”
“The hell I can’t.” Jonathan could not abide violence against women or children. He didn’t care about the consequences. Eli wasn’t going to get away with this. He hugged River and pressed the side of her head against his chest. “I’ll tear his arms off and beat him with his own hands.”
River pushed away from Jonathan and backed up two steps. “If you pick another fight with Eli, I can’t protect you. We’ll both be punished.”
Jonathan clenched his fist and swore. Loudly. 
Red laid his ears back and jerked his head.
“Easy, boy.” River slipped into Red’s stall, picked up the scrap of buffalo hide and rubbed his shoulder, even though it was already dry. 
“I’m not going to let Eli force you to have sex with him.”
“Force me?” River blinked. “It’s not like that. Eli wouldn’t force me…he’s just…I don’t know…trying to talk me into it.”
“No means ‘no’ where I come from. Don’t even consider giving in to that pervert’s demands. I think I’ve proven that I can protect myself.”
“Don’t antagonize Eli any more than you already have. In fact, the best way to handle this whole situation is to pretend it never happened. Don’t even apologize. It will only add to Eli’s humiliation.”
“What about him trying to pressure you to have sex with him?
“Reuben will handle it. Eli will wish he’d never been born.” 
“Who’s Reuben?” Jonathan recognized the name. It was carved into one of the trunks.
“My guardian.”
Jonathan had been so worried about his own parents he hadn’t given any thought to River’s family. “He must be worried sick about you.”
“He was, especially when my horse showed up in the middle of a blizzard without me.”
“Was? As in past tense?”
 “Reuben and his son, Gabriel, were the patrol I ran into this morning. He knows I’m safe.”
“Why didn’t you go home with them?”
“We’re still under quarantine.” River lowered her lashes then turned her back, but not before Jonathan saw the corners of her mouth tilt up in a shy smile. “Besides, I still have a recruit that needs lots of training.”
River

River had a hard time falling asleep. Bringing Jonathan back into the cabin with Eli had gone even better than she’d hoped. She’d been right about Eli’s ego. He was already in denial mode when Jonathan walked in. He was a little more sarcastic and his snide remarks were a little more caustic, but Jonathan never took the bait. 
It wasn’t the situation with Eli keeping her awake. It was the situation she’d created by lying to Jonathan.
She hadn’t told Reuben about him when he found her. He was an enforcer, but he wasn’t out on patrol. He was out looking for her. 
Reuben was obviously happy when he found her, he’d even hugged her, but he wasn’t happy about how she’d “let” Sugar throw her and run away. He wasn’t happy about how she’d failed to kill the cougar tracking the goat herd, or that she’d failed to find the goats in time to bring them home before the blizzard. There was no way River was going to tell Reuben about Jonathan when he was already under so much stress.
She’d panicked when she found Jonathan, attempting to escape. The fool had no qualms about risking his own life, but he wouldn’t leave if he believed doing so would endanger River. That’s why she’d lied. 
She’d done it protect him, but he wouldn’t see it that way. Jonathan would think she’d lied to manipulate him.
Jonathan was her recruit. She shouldn’t care what he thought as long as he was obedient. Which he wasn’t. He wasn’t a good recruit at all. But he was a good man. And River did care what he thought, especially of her. She didn’t want him to despise her.
If she could get to Reuben and tell him she’d recruited Jonathan before they met, Jonathan would never know that she’d lied. 
She sighed as the tension left her body. She closed her eyes and let the sound of Jonathan’s breath lull her to sleep.
A few hours later, a sharp tug behind River’s navel woke her with a jolt. What was that? She rubbed her stomach and the sensation went away. It was probably just a hunger pain. She had a couple rations of jerky in her pocket, but she was saving it in case no one showed up to restock the quarantine cabin. That’s why she’d gone hunting. But thanks to Jonathan’s escape attempt, she hadn’t bagged so much as a rabbit. 
“Oh.” River grabbed her stomach and doubled over. “That hurts.”
She got out of bed with the intention of brewing herself a cup of mint tea. But something pulled her in the opposite direction…away from the stove…toward the door. Maybe she needed to walk it off. She dressed as quietly as possible so she wouldn’t wake Jonathan or Eli. Fasting made them all cranky, the longer they slept, the better.
The pain eased as River stepped off the porch and followed the pull. It led her all the way to Lost Creek. As the sun rose above the eastern peaks, a white wolf trotted out of the forest. 
River always enjoyed any encounter with the wild pack, but there was something special about this particular wolf. It wasn’t just its pure white coat, or the intelligence behind its ice-blue eyes. It crept closer then sat down right in front of River and cocked its head to the side, examining her. 
A quick glance confirmed River’s impression that the wolf was female.
River wanted to touch her. She wanted to feel her soft, thick fur between her fingers. The tugging sensation pulled her closer.
This was it. It was finally happening. But she needed to tell someone. You weren’t supposed to merge without someone there to help you remember you were human. 
The wolf dropped to her belly and whined as she inched closer. River remained outwardly calm but her heart pounded in her chest. This is my spirit guide. My wolf. She wants to touch me as much as I want to touch her.
According to legend, this was the way it was supposed to happen—a mutual decision to merge. But over the years, more emphasis was placed on the animal’s prowess. The bigger, stronger and more dominant the wolf—the more prestige a shifter gained by merging with it. Soon, everyone began choosing and trapping the wolves they wanted to merge with, hoping to advance their status within the tribe.
The wolf’s nose twitched as she sniffed the air. She’s memorizing my scent. River didn’t know how she knew, but there was no doubt in her mind.
The yearning in River’s belly burned and spread to every cell of her body—an endless, aching need to become one with the wolf. Without breaking eye contact, River knelt in the snow and extended her hand. 
Seconds ticked by and turned to minutes.
The wolf stretched its neck towards River’s hand then licked the tip of her middle finger. 
A tingling sensation shot up her arm. 
The wolf took another step closer and pressed the side of its head against River’s palm. The tingling sensation intensified. Her whole body hummed with energy. This is it.
The wolf licked River’s cheek, then turned and bolted back into the forest.
“Wait!” River tried to follow, even though she knew it was in vain. She plowed through the snow, stumbling and falling as despair washed over her.
River had a hard time falling asleep. Bringing Jonathan back into the cabin with Eli had gone even better than she’d hoped. She’d been right about Eli’s ego. He was already in denial mode when Jonathan walked in. He was a little more sarcastic and his snide remarks were a little more caustic, but Jonathan never took the bait. 
It wasn’t the situation with Eli keeping her awake. It was the situation she’d created by lying to Jonathan.
She hadn’t told Reuben about him when he found her. He was an enforcer, but he wasn’t out on patrol. He was out looking for her. 
Reuben was obviously happy when he found her, he’d even hugged her, but he wasn’t happy about how she’d “let” Sugar throw her and run away. He wasn’t happy about how she’d failed to kill the cougar tracking the goat herd, or that she’d failed to find the goats in time to bring them home before the blizzard. There was no way River was going to tell Reuben about Jonathan when he was already under so much stress. But even if she had, he wouldn’t turn her in for sponsoring a runaway recruit. He’d punish her, but he’d do it privately at the ranch, and he wouldn’t kill her. 
He would, however, hunt down Jonathan. There would be no mercy for him. The thought of going through another trial and execution of someone she cared about terrified River. She’d latched onto the first excuse she thought of without considering the consequences. 
Jonathan had already proven that he was the sort of man that would risk his own life to protect another when he fought the cougar to protect River. He wouldn’t let the threat of death keep him from leaving but he wouldn’t leave if he believed doing so would endanger River. That’s why she’d lied. 
She’d done it protect him, but he wouldn’t see it that way. Jonathan would think she’d lied to manipulate him.
Jonathan was her recruit. She shouldn’t care what he thought as long as he was obedient. Which he wasn’t. He wasn’t a good recruit at all. But he was a good man. And River did care what he thought, especially of her. She didn’t want him to despise her.
If she could get to Reuben and tell him she’d recruited Jonathan before they meet, Jonathan would never know that she’d lied. 
She sighed as the tension left her body. She closed her eyes and let the sound of Jonathan’s breath lull her to sleep.
A few hours later, a sharp tug behind River’s navel woke her with a jolt. What was that? She rubbed her stomach and the sensation went away. It was probably just a hunger pain. She had a couple rations of jerky in her pocket, but she was saving it in case no one showed up to restock the quarantine cabin. That’s why she’d gone hunting. But thanks to Jonathan’s escape attempt, she hadn’t bagged so much as a rabbit. 
“Oh.” River grabbed her stomach and doubled over. “That hurts.”
She got out of bed with the intention of brewing herself a cup of mint tea. But something pulled her in the opposite direction…away from the stove…toward the door. Maybe she needed to walk it off. She dressed as quietly as possible so she wouldn’t wake Jonathan or Eli. Fasting made them all cranky, the longer they slept, the better.
The pain eased as River stepped off the porch and followed the pull. It led her all the way to Lost Creek. As the sun rose above the eastern peaks, a white wolf trotted out of the forest. 
River always enjoyed any encounter with the wild pack, but there was something special about this particular wolf. It wasn’t just its pure white coat, or the intelligence behind its ice-blue eyes. It crept closer then sat down right in front of River and cocked its head to the side, examining her. 
A quick glance confirmed River’s impression that the wolf was female.
River wanted to touch her. She wanted to feel her soft, thick fur between her fingers. The tugging sensation pulled her closer.
This was it. It was finally happening. But she needed to tell someone. You weren’t supposed to merge without someone there to help you remember you were human. 
The wolf dropped to her belly and whined as she inched closer. River remained outwardly calm but her heart pounded in her chest. This is my spirit guide. My wolf. She wants to touch me as much as I want to touch her.
According to legend, this was the way it was supposed to happen—a mutual decision to merge. But over the years, more emphasis was placed on the animal’s prowess. The bigger, stronger and more dominant the wolf—the more prestige a shifter gained by merging with it. Soon, everyone began choosing and trapping the wolves they wanted to merge with, hoping to advance their status within the tribe.
The wolf’s nose twitched as she sniffed the air. She’s memorizing my scent. River didn’t know how she knew, but there was no doubt in her mind.
The yearning in River’s belly burned and spread to every cell of her body—an endless, aching need to become one with the wolf. Without breaking eye contact, River knelt in the snow and extended her hand. 
Seconds ticked by and turned to minutes.
The wolf stretched its neck towards River’s hand then licked the tip of her middle finger. 
A tingling sensation shot up her arm. 
The wolf took another step closer and pressed the side of its head against River’s palm. The tingling sensation intensified. Her whole body hummed with energy. This is it.
The wolf licked River’s cheek, then turned and bolted back into the forest.
“Wait!” River tried to follow, even though she knew it was in vain. She plowed through the snow, stumbling and falling as despair washed over her.
“River? Are you alright?”
River jumped to her feet and spun around. The world tilted sideways as she slammed back to the ground. This time she stayed there. She didn’t even try to sit up. “Shula? What are you doing here?”
“My job.” Shula slid from her horse and knelt in the snow. She removed her gloves then held River’s chin with one hand and pried her left eye open with the other. “I could ask you the same question.”
Of course. Reuben would have alerted her as soon as he got home. Shula was a healer. She’d want to check on her son.
“Did you see her? Did you see my wolf?” 
“I saw.” Shula examined River’s other eye then swept a strand of hair off her face and tucked it behind her ear. 
The gesture reminded River of Mother. Would she never stop missing her? She swallowed around the lump in her throat. The stinging sensation behind her eyes infuriated her. Why were her emotions so volatile? This was worse than puberty. “Why did my wolf leave? You saw her choose me, right? Why did she run away before we merged?”
“I probably scared her off. I’m sorry.” Shula didn’t look sorry at all. “Do you know what this means?”
River nodded. “It’s mutual.”
“It’s a miracle.” Shula’s eyes sparkled.
River took a deep breath. “Will you testify for me? No one on the council is going to believe an eighteen-year-old girl. Not about this.”
Shula shook her head as she stroked River’s hair. “That would not be wise.”
River jerked away from Shula’s caress and sat up. “Of course not. Why would an heir of Sanctuary want to elevate the status of a lowly surface dweller, even if she is the first mutual merge in two centuries?” 
Shula’s eyes flashed, but that was her only reaction to River’s insolence. She stood up and brushed the snow from her knees. “Do you want to be turned into a puppy mill?”
“What are you talking about?” 
“Every male on the high-council as well as Zebulon himself will want to sire a son on you.”
River backed up, shaking her head. “No.”
“Not only is your merge mutual, it’s with a white wolf. That alone would be enough to make men fight for the right to claim you.”
“No one believes those old legends.”
“No one on the surface believes them. How many men do you think will court you if a member of the council desires you?”
Shula had a point. A girl wanted to be attractive, but not too attractive. “What should I do?”
“Stay close to Eli at all times so you’ll be ready to mate with him after you merge. And don’t tell anyone your spirit guide is a white wolf.”  
Shula’s urgency concerned River. The woman’s ambitions for Eli were no secret. The idea of mating with him sickened River. “I need to talk to Reuben.”
Shula gripped River’s chin and tilted her head up. “He’ll kill your white wolf and force you to merge with a common grey to protect you from the zealots inside Sanctuary.”
River jerked her chin out of Shula’s grasp and struggled to her feet. “Reuben would never harm a wolf!”
“Reuben would do anything to protect you.”
“I don’t believe you.”
Shula arched an eyebrow. “Are you willing to risk the fate of your spirit guide?”
River swayed on her feet. “I think I’m getting sick.”
“It’s pre-merge fever.” Shula grabbed River’s elbows and steadied her. “Let’s get you back to the quarantine cabin. I’ll discuss strategy with Eli while you recover.”
“I feel…strange.” River pressed her palm against her lower belly. “Right here.”
Shula smiled and hugged River. “Pre-merge fever mimics the real thing. The desire to mate will increase as your fever rises. If you and Eli can resist the temptation to take things too far, a small amount of physical intimacy can ease the pain until your fever breaks.”
River sensed that Shula’s words were true, but it wasn’t Eli’s touch she desired. It was Jonathan’s. The thought startled her. 
Shula helped River onto her horse’s back. “Do you think you can hang on? It’s about an hour to the quarantine cabin.”
River nodded then leaned forward and grabbed Shula’s shoulder. “Don’t be concerned when you find a stranger at the quarantine cabin. I have a new recruit.”
Shula’s muscles tightened beneath River’s hand. “Your timing couldn’t be worse. Does he know what we are?”
“I didn’t want to tell him without proof; and Eli refuses to shift in front of him.” River squeezed Shula’s shoulder. “Will you do it?”
Shula patted River’s knee. “After you merge and mate with Eli, you can show him yourself.”
Chapter Six
Plots, Plans and Politics

Jonathan woke to the sound of someone pounding on the door. He sat up and nearly passed out. Fasting was a bitch. “Who’s there?”
“Shula, daughter of Zebulon and Israel’s daughter. Open the door.” She spoke with authority. 
Jonathan opened the door and stepped aside. Shula strode across the room and laid River on Jonathan’s bed.
“What happened?” River’s face was flushed. Her eyes were closed. Her body hung limply in Shula’s arms. “Is she okay?” 
Shula shoved her hood back, revealing a thick black braid and chiseled features. “Get a rag out of the box in the cupboard and go break off a couple of icicles.”
Nice to meet you, too. “What’s wrong with River?”
“She has a fever. Now go get that ice.”
Jonathan ran out onto the porch without stopping to put on his boots. He broke off the first icicle he reached and brought it inside. But he couldn’t let go. It felt like he’d superglued his hand to the damn thing. He swore and shook his arm, but to no avail. “Eli! Get your lazy ass out of bed and help me with this.”
The woman whirled around and glared at Jonathan. “Who dares speak to Eli, son of Zebulon’s daughter, with such disre—”
She froze mid-sentence and dropped her hand to her heart. Her eyes twitched back and forth as she stared at Jonathan’s face. “What’s your name?”
Jonathan didn’t appreciate her tone, but decided to play nice. “I’m Jonathan McKnight; River’s recruit.”
Shula sank down on the edge of River’s bed. “How did you come to be River’s recruit?”
“I had a run in with a bear and then a mountain lion and then River showed up and one thing led to another…” Jonathan knew he needed to keep his answers as vague as possible, but he tended to talk too much when he was nervous and Shula definitely made him nervous.
“Does your family own a gold mine?”
“Yeah.” How did she know that? Jonathan nodded at Eli’s bed. “But that jackass over there tried to blow it up.”
“That jackass is my son. And what makes you think he’s responsible for sabotaging the McKnight Mine?”
“He admitted it.” There was no way that Shula was Eli’s mother, not unless she gave birth when she was two. She must be his stepmother.
“That was stupid of him.” She glanced at Eli then focused on Jonathan. “What’s your father’s name?”
“Charles.” 
The remaining color drained from Shula’s face. 
Jonathan was afraid she might pass out. “Are you okay?”
Red splotches bloomed across her throat and spread to her face. “Don’t ever tell anyone else that you’re a McKnight.”
“Why?” Jonathan tried once again to pull his fingers off the icicle. It didn’t budge.
Instead of answering, Shula closed her eyes and rubbed her temples. “Is your father still living?”
“Yeah.” Jonathan answered before he remembered what River had told him about recruits and family ties. “But…we aren’t on speaking terms.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.” The sorrow in her voice sounded genuine, which was weird considering recruits weren’t supposed to be part of a loving family. 
“Is he married?”
“Separated.”
The corners of Shula’s mouth curled up. 
What the hell? Jonathan extended his hand, “Do you think you could get this icicle off me?”
“I told you to use a rag.” Shula grabbed Jonathan’s wrist and tugged at his fingers—as if he hadn’t been trying to pry them loose for the past two minutes. 
Jonathan jerked his hand away from her. “That’s not going to work.”
She walked over to the table and tapped the side of the tea kettle before picking it up. “This is going to feel hotter than it is because of the extreme temperature difference. It might sting a little, but it won’t scald you.”
The water steamed when it flowed over the ice and it stung a hell of a lot more than ‘a little.’ 
Shula wrapped the thick end of the icicle with a rag then handed it back to Jonathan. “Wipe River’s face with this end and try to get her to suck on the tip. It’s wet enough now, it shouldn’t stick to her skin. I need to talk to my son.”
“Wait, what’s wrong with River?”
“I already told you. She has a fever.”
“Fever is only a symptom. What’s causing it?”
Shula marched across the room, ignoring Jonathan’s question, and yanked the covers off Eli’s upper body. “Get up. We need to talk.”
Eli groaned and rubbed his eyes. “So talk.”
“Outside. Now.”
Eli got out of bed and stretched. Buck naked. In front of his stepmother. Jonathan couldn’t help noticing that Eli had a tattoo over his heart, similar to River’s. His was smaller and much simpler in design, but in the same exact spot. It must be a cult thing.
Shula didn’t even blink at Eli’s nakedness. 
What is wrong with these people? Jonathan turned his back and sat on the edge of River’s bed. She whimpered when he wiped her brow with the damp, rag-end of the icicle. He pressed the back of his hand against her cheek. “Shula? River’s burning up. I think she needs some Tylenol or something.”
“It’s not allowed.”
Jonathan twisted around to face her. “But—”
“No buts.” She didn’t even look at him.
“Can’t you give her some herbal medicine or something?” The cabinet where Eli had gotten the stuff to make them puke held dozens of glass jars containing all sorts of dried weeds, seeds and flowers. Surely something in there would help break a fever.
Shula jerked the door open and stomped outside. Eli followed her.
What a bitch. With a stepmother like that, no wonder Eli’s so rude. Jonathan rubbed the tip of the icicle across River’s mouth.
She pressed her lips together and turned her head away from him.
“Come on, kiddo. You need fluids and I don’t think anyone’s gonna be hooking you up to an IV anytime soon.” Guilt prodded the constant ache in Jonathan’s chest. River warned him this might happen. He didn’t feel sick, but that didn’t mean it wasn’t his fault.
Jonathan scooted forward and pressed his thigh against River’s cheek so she couldn’t turn away from the icicle. He started at the outside corner of her mouth and traced the line between her lips. “Come on. Just one little taste.”
She licked her lips and swallowed. 
“Atta girl.”
River’s eyelids fluttered open but her glassy-eyed gaze passed right through him. “Why did she leave?”
“She’s just outside talking to Eli. Do you want me to go get her?”
“My wolf. I want my wolf.”
“You have a wolf?” If Jonathan hadn’t been chased out of the mine by a wolf, he would have assumed River was delirious. It was still the most likely explanation. He turned the icicle around and mopped her brow with the dripping rag on the other end.
River’s chin quivered. She lifted her head off the mattress a couple of inches but collapsed back onto the bed. “I have to find her.” 
“Wolves don’t make very good pets.”
She grabbed Jonathan’s wrist with her hot, dry palm. “Don’t leave me.” 
“I won’t leave without you. I promise.” Jonathan hadn’t been able to do a damn thing in Afghanistan to improve anyone’s life. The insurgents bombed schools and medical clinics faster than the army could build them. Women were still being stoned to death for stepping outside their houses without permission. He couldn’t save the world, but he could save River. “I’ll get you out of here if it kills me.”
Eli

Eli paced back and forth across the porch. He kept his voice low, but that didn’t disguise his fury. 
“I don’t care if River is the first mutual merge in two centuries. She’s still a pain in the ass.”
"She's merging with a white wolf."
“So what? White wolves are rare, but this isn’t the first time someone’s merged with one. I’m not taking River as my alpha until Reuben fulfills his part of the bargain.” Eli wouldn’t take River at all if there was any other way to free Aspen. He was still furious with her for blackmailing him out of killing Jonathan. "No one but superstitious old fools believe white wolves bestow any more power than greys or blacks."
Mother dug her fingers into Eli’s bicep and forced him to face her. “One of those old fools just happens to be Zebulon. If you're not careful, someone that knows the value of superstitions will mate with River and usurp your birthright.”
“I don’t care.” Eli jerked his arm free.
“Reuben is an honorable man. He’ll keep his word.” Mother placed both hands on the porch rail and leaned on it, as if Eli’s refusal was too heavy a burden to bear without support. “But you must realize that even Reuben’s influence is limited. It takes a unanimous vote to pardon a sentence as serious as Aspen’s.”
“Then talk to Zebulon. If you could persuade him to pressure the council—”
“Solomon’s reputation, as well as his pride, suffered a serious blow when his betrothed mated with another man. He’ll never change his vote.”
“Then maybe Solomon needs to be replaced.”
Mother grabbed Eli’s arms. “That’s treason.”
“It wouldn’t be the first time a council seat became available under suspicious circumstances.”
“Eli, please…this is madness. If anyone were to hear you…” Mother cupped his cheeks with her hands. “Have you shared this plot with anyone else?”
“Of course not.” Eli batted Mother’s hands away from his face. “I may be irresponsible, but I’m not stupid.”
“You love Aspen enough to commit murder?”
Eli shoved his fingers into his hair. “It’s my fault she’s been stripped of her rank and turned into a whore.”
“If Reuben could see to it that no one will ever use Aspen to gratify their mating urges except you, would that good enough?”
“Would it be good enough for you?”
Mother’s eyes flashed. “You were born to rule New Eden.”
Eli laughed. “Did you forget that I was also born a bastard?”
She raised her hand to slap him.
Eli wasn’t an alpha yet, but he was no child. He was not afraid of his mother or her wolf. He bared his teeth and growled.
Mother lowered her gaze and dropped her hand. “After Zebulon exiled Ephraim, he kept track of his descendants.”
“So?”
“Why do you think I mated with an outsider?”
Eli’s blood ran cold. “I thought it was because you’d merged outside our borders and had no choice.”
“No one can prove that your father was not of Ephraim’s line.”
“Can you prove that he was?” 
“Doing so would forfeit his life. But, I won’t have to prove anything if you mate with River.” 
Mother reached out and stroked Eli’s cheek, the same one she would have hit, if he’d let her. “I’m bound to an outsider and will never want another man. I gave up everything for you.”     
“Don’t try to pass your own ambition off as some noble sacrifice. I grew up without a father.” Eli regretted his words as soon as they left his mouth. He lowered his voice and gently gripped Mother’s shoulders. “I just want to share my life with the woman I love and the children I sire. I have no desire to rule New Eden.”
“The only way for you to have that life—is if you do rule New Eden. And the only way to insure your success, is with River by your side.”
“River might not go along with your little plan to overthrow the government.”
“She won’t have a choice once she’s bound to you.”
Eli took a deep breath of icy air and let it out slowly. The resulting cloud of steam obscured Mother’s face. He waited for it to dissipate before speaking. “Reuben has a plan to protect River from bonding.”
Mother’s shoulders tensed beneath Eli’s hands. “River cannot be allowed to keep her free will. You must be the only one to mate with her.”
The fact that Mother already knew what the plan was, meant it wasn’t as big of a secret as Reuben thought. What would happen if everyone knew? How many women would willingly bind themselves to any man if they had a way to prevent it? That information alone was enough to start a revolution. The women of New Eden wouldn’t need Ephraim’s son to unite them.
Eli gripped the porch rail to hide his trembling hands. “River and I barely tolerate each other. I doubt I’ll be able to persuade her to mate with me.”
“If Reuben has already approved the match—” 
“I refuse to take River, or any woman, by force. I’ll just have to win her over.”
“You can start by easing her pain with physical intimacy while she has pre-merge fever.”
“You obviously don’t know River very well.”
“Don’t do anything sexual. Keep your pants on and just hold her next to your bare chest. The skin to skin contact will ease her cramps and burn the fever out faster. It will also soften her heart in preparation for bonding. Use it to your advantage.”
Eli didn’t like the idea of manipulating River’s feelings while she was delirious—even if she was a bitch. But he’d do anything to save Aspen.
“I’ll do my best to persuade River to become my alpha; however,” Eli met Mother’s gaze and held it without blinking, “I refuse to alienate Reuben by breaking my word to him. I still hope to free Aspen without starting a revolution.” 
“You won’t have to break your word. I’ll quarantine the ranch. That will get rid of most of the eligible males. Reuben thinks of River as a daughter, so you don’t need to worry about him. And Gabriel won’t merge for at least another year.” Mother’s eyes hardened. “But you need to keep an eye on Jonathan.”
“Not if he’s dead.”
Mother grabbed Eli’s biceps. “Do not lay so much as one finger on that boy!”
Eli knocked her hands away. “Why not? What’s he to you?”
She dropped her gaze to her hands. “He means nothing to me, but sponsors tend to get irate with people that harm their recruits. River will never mate with you if you kill Jonathan.”
Eli knew Mother was hiding something, he just didn’t know what. Or why. But he intended to find out.
Jonathan

River had just drifted off when Eli burst into the cabin, and slammed the door. 
She flung her arms out and gasped.
“Hey!” Jonathan lowered his voice, but not the intensity behind it. “Do you mind?”
Eli stomped across the floor and glared at Jonathan. “Get out of her bed.”
“I’m not in her bed, I’m on it. There’s a huge difference. And where’s Shula?” 
“Gone.”
“What do you mean gone? River needs a doctor!”
Eli leaned over and pressed his hand against River’s forehead. “Mother must not have realized how high her fever had climbed before she left.”
“When did she leave? Maybe you can catch up with her and bring her back.”
“I’m going back to bed.”
“What is wrong with you? I thought you were in love with River.”
“Hardly.” Eli started peeling off clothes. “But if you want to go chase after Mother, be my guest.”
“What about the enforcers? I don’t want to get River into trouble if someone thinks I’m trying to run away.” 
Eli pulled a gold disk out of his pocket and tossed it to Jonathan. It had Eli, son of Zebulon’s daughter inscribed on one side and a wolf’s head on the other. “Just show that to anyone that asks and tell them you’re doing my bidding.”
Jonathan shoved the coin in his pocket. “Can I borrow your horse?”
“Only if you muck out his stall when you get back.”
Jonathan didn’t want to leave River alone with Eli, but he didn’t have a choice. “I’m not trying to pick a fight, but if you do anything to River while I’m gone, I will kill you.”
“I would never stoop so low.” Eli looked genuinely offended.
Jonathan wished he could believe him. The sooner he left, the sooner he’d catch up with Shula and the sooner they’d get back to help River.
Eli sat on his bed and pulled his boots off. “Before you go, prop the door open a couple of inches. Some imbecile put too big of a log in the stove.”
Jonathan gritted his teeth to keep from telling Eli what he could do with that log. But it was too hot in the cabin. He held the door open two inches and shoved a wedge-shaped piece of wood under it with his boot. “Keep an eye on River. If she gets chilled, close the door.”
Shula’s tracks were easy to follow…at first. They led away from the cabin in a northwesterly direction, but disappeared once they entered the forest. Jonathan searched for over an hour, but never picked up her trail. He couldn’t help but wonder if Eli had known all along that Jonathan wouldn’t find her. Was this just a ploy to get him out of the cabin so he could molest River? Jonathan’s stomach cramped. He turned Red around and rode him hard back to the cabin. He tied him to the porch instead of taking him to the barn. 
Jonathan paused at the door when he heard River’s voice. She sounded much better.
“It was amazing. I’ve never felt anything quite like it. I just wish I’d been able to finish.”
Finish what?
“Was this your first time?”
“Yes.” 
Jonathan peeked in through the two inch gap. Eli was in River’s bed with her naked back pressed against his bare chest. What the hell?
Jonathan jerked the door open then closed the distance to River’s bed in three strides. “What’s going on!”
River leaned forward and smiled at him. “I’m much better now.”
“I can see that.” He could also see that Eli had his pants on even though River was completely naked. 
Eli jerked the quilt up to her chin and glared at Jonathan. 
Jonathan wanted to knock him into next week, but River didn’t look the least bit upset. If this were a mutual thing he had no right to interfere. “Are you okay?”
Her smile widened into a grin. “I’m a little sore, but Eli said I’ll be good as new by tomorrow.”
“Sorry to interrupt.” Jonathan clenched his teeth so hard, his jaw ached. “Next time you two want to get busy, lock the door.”
Jonathan took Red to the barn, rubbed him down and gave him some oats. He didn’t want to go back to the cabin so he went to the cleansing pool. The hot water soothed his aching body, but not his heart. Why should he care if Eli and River hooked up? He barely knew the girl. Sure, he fantasized about her a little—okay, a lot—but after seeing her naked, who wouldn’t? That didn’t mean he was in love with her.  
Jonathan closed his eyes and slid lower into the water, resting the back of his head on the pillow-shaped rock behind him.
He’d just drifted off when Eli’s shout startled him awake. “I forbid it!”
“I don’t need your permission to use the cleansing pool!”
Jonathan sat up and stretched his neck to see what was going on.
River’s hair flowed behind her as she ran down the path—completely nude—as usual. But this time, her nakedness had no effect on him. 
Eli stood on the porch and yelled obscenities at River, then stripped out of his pants and followed her. 
Jonathan glanced at his clothes folded neatly on a rock beside the pool. He didn’t want to sit there and listen to a lover’s spat, but he wouldn’t be able to get his pants on before River arrived. Besides, he was there first. 
River muttered under her breath as she descended the stone steps into the pool. 
“Is everything okay?” Jonathan wanted to stab a knife through his traitorous heart for caring. 
Eli plunged into the hot spring and sat down next to Jonathan; as far from River as he could get. Oh yeah, cleansing pool rules…no touching. 
River leaned forward and pointed at Eli. It was easy to tell she was royally pissed. “Tell him.”
Eli glared back at her, but didn’t say anything.
“Tell me what?”
River huffed then shifted her gaze to Jonathan’s face. “I did not mate with Eli. He was only helping me recover from my fever.”
“Whatever.” Eli’s pants were on when Jonathan caught them in bed together; but there was that comment about it being her first time. “It’s none of my business.”
“I’m not a whore.” River’s eyes glistened.
“Hooking up with Eli makes you an idiot, not a whore.”
Eli laughed; a single-syllable bark. “I suppose you think you’d make a better mate.”
“Anyone would make a better mate.”
Jonathan was up to his neck in hot water but still had time to dodge Eli’s right cross.
The son of a bitch grazed his fist on the rock Jonathan had been using as a pillow. He stared at his bleeding knuckles then pointed at River, as if it were her fault. “Discipline your recruit.”
River shook her head. “For what? Not letting you hit him?”
Talk of discipline sent a chill down Jonathan’s spine. Just because Eli couldn’t take him in a fair fight, didn’t mean he wouldn’t stick a knife in his back as soon as he fell asleep. He needed to stop antagonizing the guy. He also needed to get away from River before her tear-filled, big, brown eyes tore through his resolve to protect his heart. “It’s a little too crowded in here. See you guys back at the cabin.” Jonathan turned around and vaulted out of the pool. 
“Jonathan, wait! Let me explain.”
He swooped his clothes up off the rock and jogged back to the cabin, ignoring the urge to glance over his shoulder to see if River was checking him out.
Jonathan swiped the remaining water off his body as best he could, but his skin was still damp, making it extra hard to pull his pants up over his thighs. When he leaned over to pull on his socks, he spotted Eli’s knife under the bed. He’d sleep a lot better with a weapon under his pillow, but the penalty for theft was probably as brutal as it was in Afghanistan. If he got caught stealing anything, River would be punished for his crimes. He couldn’t take that chance. He swore and kicked Eli’s knife even further under the bed, then crawled into his own to grab whatever sleep he could get before Eli and River returned. It was going to be a very long night.
Jonathan woke to whispered voices. River sounded pissed. “You knew he was out there and you knew what he’d think when you asked me if it was my first time.”
“Why do you care what he thinks? He’s just a recruit.”
“He’s not like most recruits. I like him.”
Jonathan’s heart leapt in his chest. He wanted to punch it.
Eli made a growling noise that raised the hair on the back of Jonathan’s neck. “You don’t want to be bound to a man that won’t live a quarter as long as you do.”
“I don’t want to be bound to a man that’ll be absent nine months out of the year.”
“Reuben claims there’s a way for you to avoid being bound to anyone.”
“Do you know how that works?”
“I don’t care how many men you mate with. All I’m asking is that you be discreet about it.”
What the hell?
“I’m not a whore.”
“I’m not trying to insult you. I’m just trying to explain that you can live your life anyway you want. You can stay with Reuben during the winters. I know you enjoy working with the horses.” There was a long pause before Eli continued. “You don’t have to decide tonight, just think about it, alright?”
Was Eli trying to talk River into an open marriage? What a scumbag. Jonathan’s breath came faster as his anger increased. He stretched and yawned, letting them know he was awake.
River and Eli were both sitting at the table by the stove. She smiled at Jonathan. “Enjoy your nap?”
“How long was I out?” He yawned again, only this time, he didn’t have to fake it.
“About two hours.”
Jonathan shifted his gaze to Eli. “I doubt I’ll get much sleep tonight.”
He wanted Eli to know that he couldn’t take him by surprise, but didn’t want to challenge him. Time to change the subject. “Will your illness extend our time in quarantine?”
River frowned, puckering her brow. “It shouldn’t have. I’m not contagious.”
A slow smile spread across Eli’s face. “As a precaution, Mother is putting anyone River came into contact with under quarantine. She’s evacuating everyone except Reuben’s immediate family from his ranch. His son, Gabriel, is bringing us extra horses tomorrow so we can join them there.”
Jonathan’s heart sank. He didn’t want to go deeper into the wilderness. His chances of escaping successfully were diminishing by the hour. He had to leave tonight. Could he take out Eli and subdue River without seriously injuring either of them? Probably not. He needed to come up with an excuse to get her alone—preferably in the barn—where he could bind and gag her and get away before Eli realized they were gone. “Hey, River, you seem to know a lot about horses. I think Red might have a loose shoe, he seemed to be favoring his left rear leg while I was rubbing him down.”
“Why didn’t you mention it earlier?” River put on her coat and grabbed her gloves.
Eli didn’t budge. He just sat on his lazy ass, sipping his tea. “If you find anything, let me know.”
River nodded. 
Jonathan took a slow, deep breath to quiet his nerves. “I’ll go with you.”
Eli shot him a dirty look, but made no move to join them.
Jonathan’s pulse jumped with every step. He felt like he was on a runaway train headed for a cliff. Should he try to explain things to River? Clamp his hand over her mouth and give her the option of going quietly? Or just knock her out? The thought of hitting her sickened him.
They were only halfway to the barn when a tall, broad-shouldered kid ran out. 
“Gabriel!” River laughed and ran towards him. “We weren’t expecting you until tomorrow.”
Jonathan’s heart fell. Even if he managed to override his conscience and knock the kid out, he wouldn’t be able to do it without River sounding the alarm. Eli would, no doubt, enjoy filling him full of arrows from the safety of the front porch.
Gabriel picked River up and swung her around once, then set her down. “Aunt Shula sent everyone away that hadn’t come into contact with me or Pa and put the rest of us under quarantine. She said what you had wasn’t serious, but she didn’t want to take any chances. Pa’s furious.” He frowned and cocked his head to the side. “You don’t look sick.”
River mumbled something too quietly for Jonathan to hear.
The boy’s eyes widened then narrowed as he furrowed his brow. “But…merge fever’s not contagious.”
She gave him a ‘shut-up we’re being watched’ look.
He sucked both lips into his mouth but his remorse didn’t last long. He smiled at Jonathan as he extended his hand.
“Hi, I’m Gabriel.” The kid had an infectious grin and a bone-crushing grip. “I haven’t seen you around. I didn’t know Eli had a new recruit.”
Jonathan shot River a look. According to her, she’d already told the boy and his father that she’d recruited him when she met them on patrol. Was that whole ‘they already know about you so if you leave, I’ll be punished’ thing nothing more than a manipulative plot to keep him from going home?
Jonathan swallowed his anger and shook Gabriel’s hand. “I’m Jonathan. River’s recruit.”
“River’s?” The boy’s eyebrows arched over wide eyes.
River took a deep breath and exhaled, shooting a cloud of steam into the frigid air. “It’s a long story.”
“Pa’s not going to be happy about this.” 
Yeah, she was guilty alright. He should be furious with her. She’d lied to keep him from leaving; because she liked him. That shouldn’t matter, but it did. It shouldn’t make him smile either.
River flicked a sideways glance at him then hooked her arm through Gabriel’s and turned him towards the barn. “Jonathan thinks Red’s got a loose shoe. We were just heading out to check on him.”
Maybe she’d lied about the whole accountability thing too. But how the hell was he supposed to know? He couldn’t leave River behind if there was even a shred of doubt that she might be punished for his crimes. He didn’t want to leave her behind.
Gabriel looked over his shoulder and frowned at Jonathan. “I reshod Red myself three weeks ago. His hooves and feet were in excellent condition.”
“It’s probably nothing. I haven’t been around horses in years.”
Four horses greeted them when Gabriel opened the barn door. River grabbed Jonathan’s hand and led him to the middle stall holding a sorrel mare. She rubbed the mare’s forehead then kissed her nose. “This is my horse, Sugar.”
She nibbled River’s shoulder. 
River gave the mare a pat on the neck and moved to the next stall. “And this is Hot Sauce; everyone calls him ‘Saucy.’ He’s Gabriel’s horse, but he hardly gets ridden anymore now that Gabriel’s got Lightning.” 
She rubbed behind Saucy’s ears and nodded at the corner stall where a large gelding pawed the ground. Old Red, Sugar and Saucy all had curly, red coats and dreadlocked manes. Lightning looked like a cross between a Quarter Horse and a Thoroughbred. His grey coat was long and shaggy, but straight, and he stood about two hands taller than the other horses.
Gabriel leaned over the door of Red’s stall. “Everything looks good to me. Which foot did you say he was favoring?”
Jonathan hadn’t planned on anyone actually checking. “The left rear?”
“He was probably just resting. Horses shift their weight around to relieve pressure on their feet.”
“Sorry about the false alarm.”
“Don’t be.” Gabriel grinned at him. “I’m glad there was nothing wrong. Anytime you think there’s a possibility of a problem with any of the horses, it’s best to check it out.”
Jonathan tossed and turned all night. Dad had to be frantic, but worrying about him wasn’t going to get Jonathan home any quicker. And getting himself and River killed by running off without a decent plan wasn’t going to get him home at all. He needed to give up on escaping before getting hauled off to Reuben’s ranch and focus on coming up with a strategy that had a good chance of success. But every plan he came up with had at least one fatal flaw—River. 
If he kidnapped her, would it be because he honestly believed it was the only way to protect her life or because he wanted her with him? Did it even matter? He’d take her with him; at least as far as Red Cliff. If she wanted to go back to her stupid cult once she was safely out, he wouldn’t stop her. 
Jonathan gave up on sleep and decided to avoid the whole naked-in-front-of-River awkwardness and snuck off to the cleansing pool alone. A morning soak in the hot spring was mandatory; as was changing into clean clothes before heading to the ranch. He checked to make sure River was still asleep, then stripped. He stuffed his coat, clothes and boots through the hole in the box for contaminated clothing as per the instructions carved on the front door. According to River, the ‘omegas’ would take care of it after they left. Jonathan had yet to see any of these mysterious beings, but they were under quarantine. Maybe he’d meet some at Reuben’s ranch, once quarantine was lifted.
He rushed through the cleansing ritual, peeked inside to be sure River wasn’t awake, then wiggled into the clean clothes she’d given him the night before without waiting for his body to dry off. Everyone else woke up at sunrise. Jonathan kept his gaze averted while River undressed—for the most part.
On the way to the barn, Gabriel handed out leather wrapped packets of food—two pieces of jerky, one hard-as-a-rock biscuit and a sliver of dried apple. 
After living off broth and herb tea, Jonathan wanted to inhale everything, but he had no way of knowing when he’d get more. Everyone else was nibbling on their rations like mice. He’d better make his last.
Gabriel’s horse, Lightning, was a handful. He obviously wanted to be in the lead, but Gabriel kept him in the rear “to show him who was the boss.” Eli rode so far ahead, he was out of sight most of the time, giving Jonathan a chance to pump River for information.
“So, what kind of ranch does Reuben own? It doesn’t seem like there’d be enough pasture for cattle.”
River laughed. “There isn’t. We breed a few horses and mountain goats but it’s the things Reuben makes in his smithy that supports the family. I was trying to find the goat herd so I could bring them to the ranch for the winter when I met you.”
“You obviously didn’t find them. What’ll happen to them? Will they starve?”
She arched her eyebrows then smirked at him. “They’re mountain goats. We bring them to the ranch during the winter for our benefit, not theirs.”
“You eat goat meat?”
“We also milk them.”
Jonathan’s mouth watered. “Do you guys make goat cheese?”
“Cheese, yogurt, butter…” River twisted around and called to Gabriel. “Hey, did anyone find the goat herd?”
“Not yet. The snow’s still too deep in the pass.”
She frowned, creasing the skin between her eyebrows. “If we don’t find those goats, it’s going to be a long, cold winter.”
“What about the buffalo hides?” 
“New Eden has alliances with other groups that share our…philosophies of life.”
“Which are?”
River laughed. “Did anyone ever tell you that you ask too many questions?”
“All the time.”
They’d been riding due west for about two hours, climbing steadily, when they crested a summit and found Eli waiting for them. “This is as far as you go without a blindfold, outsider.”
Jonathan looked at River, but she refused to meet his gaze. “River?”
She slumped forward and sighed. “I’m sorry, but it’s the law. No outsider is allowed to see this entrance to New Eden.”
“You’re kidding. What is it? A secret passageway?”
“Yes.”
Okay, not expecting that. “How about if I close my eyes?”
“You need to let me blindfold you. It’s also a test, to prove you trust me. I’ll guide your horse, or if you’d feel safer, you may ride double with me on Sugar.”
Jonathan wouldn’t mind snuggling up against River’s back—making Eli jealous was a bonus—but he sensed that choosing to ride double would make him appear weak. “I’ll stay on my own horse, thanks.”
River’s smile validated his choice. She turned Sugar around and rode up next to Saucy, nose to tail. Her thigh pressed against Jonathan’s. He leaned over so she could tie the folded bandanna over his eyes. 
“Can you see anything?”
Jonathan shook his head. “No.” 
A rush of air brushed his face. “What was that?”
“Nothing you need to worry about, outsider.”
Eli. He must have thrown something in front of Jonathan’s face to test the blindfold.
River took the reins from Jonathan’s hands. “Hang on to Saucy’s mane and tell me if you get dizzy.”
“I have ninja skills. I won’t get dizzy.” 
Gabriel and River spoke at the same time. “What’s ninja?”
Eli snorted. “He’s lying. A ninja is a Japanese warrior and he’s not Japanese.”
“I didn’t say I was a ninja. I said I have ninja skills. I used some of them when I disarmed you, remember?” Jonathan knew it was stupid to goad Eli, especially blindfolded, but he couldn’t let the guy get away with calling him a liar.
Gabriel’s voice held more than a hint of reverence. “You disarmed Eli? What happened?”
Eli’s voice was full of spite. “He caught me off guard.”
Jonathan was ready to set the record straight, but Saucy jerked forward. It took all of his concentration to stay on the horse. River’s leg bumped his. Her breath tickled his ear. “It’s a serious crime for a recruit to threaten the life of an enforcer and you had a knife pressed against Eli’s throat. The only thing protecting us is his vanity.”
“Sorry. I’ll keep my mouth shut.”
“See that you do.”
Jonathan didn’t get dizzy, but he did get disoriented. He tried to keep track of the turns…two rights, left, right, two lefts, three rights…but there was no way to hold that much information in his mind. He just hoped they were on some sort of trail that would lead him home. The way Saucy lurched and stumbled challenged that hope. The frequent sound of rocks pinging off the mountainside kept Jonathan’s shoulders hunched up by his ears. River gave him a steady stream of verbal instructions: ‘lean back’ when they slid down a rocky slope…‘lean forward’ when they entered a forest with low-hanging branches that clawed at his face…and ‘hang on!’ for everything else.  
The warnings were never in time to prepare for whatever lurching, sliding or hopping maneuver Saucy had to perform. At one point, River had Jonathan dismount so she could jump Saucy over a fallen tree. Gabriel helped him climb over it and remount—all without removing his blindfold. 
“Halt. Who goes there?” A stranger’s voice tensed every muscle in Jonathan’s body.
“Eli, son of Zebulon’s daughter.”
“Gabriel, son of Reuben.”
“River, daughter of Asher and Issachar’s daughter.”
“Jonathan, son of—”
“No one!” River jerked the reins. “He’s my untrained recruit.”
“You need to teach him some manners.”
“I need to teach him everything. Like I said, he’s new.”
“I need to see everyone’s Certificate of Clean Health.”
Eli said, “We are completing our quarantine at Alpha Reuben’s ranch.”
There’s that whole alpha thing again. 
“On whose authority?”
“Mine.” Eli spit the word out with a growl. 
“I’m sorry, sir, but I need to see some documentation.” The stranger’s voice trembled.
The sound of rustling clothing accompanied Eli’s litany of swear words. His voice dripped with sarcasm. “Does this meet your standards?”
The guard heaved an obvious sigh of relief. “Yes, sir. You may pass.”
River patted Jonathan’s knee. “Lean over Saucy’s neck and keep your head down. We’re going into a tunnel.”
“What? No!” Jonathan’s heart leapt into his throat. “I don’t like enclosed spaces.” 
He didn’t even like driving through Eisenhower Tunnel on I-70 to get to Denver. He’d gotten trapped inside the old McKnight Mine with Franklin when they were in high school. It’d taken twenty-four hours for rescuers to dig them out, but it’d felt more like twenty-four days. 
River gave Jonathan’s knee a comforting squeeze. “I don’t like enclosed spaces either, but the blizzard closed the pass. Until the snow melts, the tunnel is the only way in or out of New Eden.”
He lifted his hand to remove the bandanna, without realizing that’s what he was doing until it was too late. Pain exploded through the back of his head. 
When Jonathan regained consciousness, he was lying prone on Saucy’s back, his face buried in the horse’s mane. The bandanna was tied even tighter, or maybe it only felt that way against his throbbing head. Even with his sinuses full of the smell of horse, Jonathan recognized the mineral scent of damp rock. The sound of the horses’ feet echoed like stones dropped into an empty well. They were underground. “River?”
“I’m right here.” She placed her hand on his back. “Keep your head down.”
“How much longer?” Between the pain pounding his skull and the impending panic attack, Jonathan barely got the words out. 
“About five more minutes.” She kept her hand on his back, giving him comfort and strength.
A fresh breeze caressed Jonathan’s face. The clean scent of pine and snow loosened the bands of anxiety from his chest. He took a deep breath and counted to eight as he exhaled.
River patted Jonathan’s back three times. “We’re out.”
Jonathan’s head throbbed harder when he sat up. “Can I take off this damn blindfold?”
“No!”
“Okay.” He moved slowly to keep from freaking anyone out as he reached behind his head and felt the lump through the hood of his sheepskin parka. “What happened?”
“Someone threw a rock at you to keep you from removing the blindfold.”
“Someone?”
“If you’d gotten the blindfold off, Eli would have killed you on the spot.” River’s voice was full of remorse, so Jonathan assumed she was the rock-thrower.
“Well then, I guess I owe someone a ‘thank you’ for saving my life. Although a simple ‘don’t do that’ would have hurt less.”
Gabriel said, “You’re welcome.”
No wonder his head hurt. The kid was built like a wrestler. 
They rode for another hour then stopped. River said, “You may remove the blindfold.”
Jonathan ripped the hateful thing off and squinted against the glare of sunlight on snow. He’d expected to find more rough-hewn structures, like the cleansing huts and quarantine cabin, when they arrived; so the sprawling ranch house, two-story stable and massive hay barn nestled in the valley took him by surprise. All the buildings were made of logs, but there was nothing “rough-hewn” about any of them.
Jonathan wadded the bandanna up, but before he could throw it on the ground, Gabriel rode up beside him and extended his hand. “I’ll take that for you. It wouldn’t be a good idea to treat anything of Eli’s with disrespect.”
“Are you afraid of that arrogant jackass?” Jonathan smiled when he realized he’d used River’s favorite insult and handed Gabriel the bandanna. “I’m pretty sure you could take him in a fight.”
Gabriel grabbed Jonathan’s wrist and lowered his voice. “Eli’s very…political. He can cause all sorts of trouble; especially when winter’s over and they open…” He stopped mid-sentence and pressed his lips together.
“What happens when winter’s over? And who opens what?” Jonathan planned to be long gone before spring, but the more intel he could gather, the better his chances of getting himself and River out of there alive.
Gabriel glanced at Eli before locking gazes with Jonathan. “Please don’t ask me any more questions. River will tell you everything you need to know.”
“She hasn’t told me a damn thing.”
“She will. When you’re ready.”
River

By the time they arrived at the ranch, River’s stomach was tied in knots. She’d spent most of the ride home silently rehearsing what she was going to say to Reuben but she still felt unprepared. At least Jonathan hadn’t confronted her about the lie she’d told to keep him from leaving. He was probably waiting until he could speak to her privately. 
Jonathan stumbled when he slid off Saucy’s back.
River resisted the urge to scramble to his side and help him. She doubted he’d appreciate it.
He grabbed a fistful of mane and looked down at his bowed legs. “I hope this isn’t permanent.”
River and Gabriel laughed. 
Eli rolled his eyes. “How stupid can you be? None of us are bowlegged and we’ve been riding since we could walk.”
River pressed her lips together. She wished Eli would leave Jonathan alone. She didn’t expect him to be nice, but he didn’t need to antagonize him. “Why are you still here? It’s another half-hour to your mother’s cabin.”
Eli glared at River for a second then dug his heels into Red’s sides and galloped away.
Calling attention to the fact that Eli lived with his mother was a cheap shot but at least it had gotten rid of him.
Gabriel dismounted and unbarred the stable doors. They creaked when he opened them. “Am I the only one around here that knows how to grease a hinge?”
River led Sugar to her stall, next to Stormy’s. The filly was weaned, but still liked to be near her momma. They greeted each other with steamy breaths and quiet nickers. 
“This is Sugar’s filly, Stormy, sired by Thunder.” River nodded towards Thunder’s box stall in the corner then leaned over Stormy’s stall door and scratched behind her ears.
Jonathan looked like he was in pain as he hobbled towards River. He put his hand on her far shoulder, draping his arm across her back. She tried not to read anything into his possessive behavior, but it made her thighs quiver. She squeezed her knees together and hoped no one noticed.
River closed her eyes and inhaled, hoping the familiar smells of horse, hay and grain would dilute Jonathan’s scent. The brief encounter with her wolf had enhanced all her senses. Everything was more intense—including her physical attraction to Jonathan. What would it be like after she merged?
“She’s really cute.” 
Just the sound of his voice felt like a caress. River slipped out from under Jonathan’s arm. She needed to get some distance before she embarrassed herself.
“May I pet her?”
“If she’ll let you. She’s skittish around strangers.” Jonathan’s interest in Stormy only added to his appeal.
To River’s amazement, Stormy sniffed Jonathan’s hand then walked closer and lifted her head. Jonathan scratched under her chin. “That feels good, huh, baby?”
River could stand there all night and watch Jonathan play with Stormy, but Sugar and Saucy needed to be rubbed down. She looked over her shoulder at Gabriel. He was already working on Lightning’s right side. “Hey, Gabriel, I need to talk to Reuben about recruiting Jonathan. Do you mind taking care of Sugar for me?”
“Of course not.” He smiled, crinkling the skin around his eyes. “Good luck with Pa.” 
When River got to the porch, she unlaced her boots so she could slip out of them before going inside. It was late and she didn’t want to wake Paul and get him all riled up. There’d be plenty of time for happy reunions after a good night’s sleep.
She tiptoed across the kitchen and leaned into the hall. A bar of light seeped out from under Reuben’s office door. Good. At least she wouldn’t have to wake him. He was grumpier than a grizzly if anything interrupted his sleep.
River froze when she heard Shula’s voice. She snatched her hand away from the doorknob and leaned in closer.
“The ranch is already under quarantine. I can fake Jonathan’s death with drugs. Once we show his body to River and Gabriel, Eli can take him to Red Cliff. From there, he can make his way home.”
River’s fingernails dug into her palms as she fisted her hands. That conniving, evil bitch! Why did Shula care whether or not Jonathan joined Reuben’s household? It was no food out of her mouth. Jonathan was River’s recruit. Her responsibility. She’d feed him out of her own rations all winter if she had to. And she’d be damned if she’d let anyone take him away from her. He’s mine!
Reuben sighed. “Have you considered that he might be the one? He is a McKnight.”
“And that’s exactly why he can’t stay here. The McKnights have become a powerful, wealthy family. They’ll never stop looking for him.”
“Then maybe they need to find his body.”
Chapter Seven
Friends and Enemies

By the time he finished wiping down Saucy, Jonathan felt like he could fall asleep on his feet. It was amazing how much energy it took to sit on a horse. His legs were still trembling. He was gonna feel it in the morning, that’s for sure.
The stallion in the box stall kicked the side of the stable again. He’d been doing that at least every five minutes since they arrived but Jonathan still jumped out of his skin every time he did it. “Jeeze! I wish he’d quit that shit.”
Gabriel folded his arms across the top of Lightning's stall door and frowned. “Um…just so you know, Pa doesn’t like foul language.”
More evidence that this was some sort of cult. Might as well cut to the chase. “Are you guys super religious, or something?”
“Pa’s just old-fashioned.” Gabriel grinned at Jonathan. “When he was a kid, he wasn’t even allowed to say ‘darn.’”
Moonlight glinted off Gabriel’s straight, white teeth. His canine’s were a little long and slightly pushed forward, but he still had a great smile. Now that he thought about it, River’s and Eli’s teeth were also straighter and whiter than they should be for people that had no access to an orthodontist. They must have good genes. “How much longer do you think we need to wait out here? I’m exhausted.”
“However long it takes for River to get back. The last thing you want to do is surprise Pa.”
“I’m surprised River didn’t mention that she’d recruited me when she ran into you and your dad yesterday.”
“She knows better than to spring something like that on him out of the blue.”
That confirmed Jonathan’s suspicions. River had definitely lied to him. He was still inappropriately pleased that she wanted him to stay, but he wished she’d just said so. He knew he was being hypocritical—he’d lied to her about agreeing to become a recruit—but that was different. Wasn’t it? He was too tired for ethical arguments so he let it go.
Saucy finished his ration of grain and snorted into the feed box. Dust motes floated in the moonlight like flecks of silver. “What’s involved in being a recruit?”
“River will tell you everything you need to know.” Gabriel gave Lightning a pat on the shoulder then stepped out of his stall. “You’ll make things much easier on everyone if you don’t ask too many questions.”
“That’s not going to be easy for me. I’m a pretty curious guy.”
Gabriel grinned at him. “I can tell.”
It was too bad Eli wasn’t as friendly as this kid. “Can I ask you one more question?”
Gabriel sighed and crossed his arms. “Go ahead.”
“River said that she’s responsible for everything I do. If I screw up, she’ll be punished.”
“The law of extended accountability.” He nodded.
“That hardly seems fair.”
“It keeps people in line. If you know you aren’t the only one that will be hurt by something you do, you’re a lot less likely to do it.”
“Is that a problem? Keeping people in line?”
“It used to be. Years ago, before I was born. That’s why they have the law.”
“How many people live here?” That sounded a little obvious, but Jonathan needed to know what he was up against.
“Usually, we have four ranch hands and two servant girls, but Shula sent everyone away except for the family because of the quarantine.”
“Do you have any brothers or sisters?”
“I have one living brother, Paul. He’s adopted but doesn’t know it, so don’t talk about it in front of him.”
When anyone mentioned a ‘living’ relative, it meant they had others that weren’t. “I’m sorry.” 
“Don’t be. We all love Paul as if he were born into the family.”
“No. I meant, I’m sorry that you only have one ‘living’ brother. I think it’s great your family adopted him.”
Gabriel sighed then curved the corners of his mouth into a sad smile. “My mother had over a hundred miscarriages before I was born.”
That had to be an exaggeration. Even if the poor woman miscarried four times a year, she’d have been pregnant for twenty-five years. But Jonathan wasn’t going to argue the point. 
“It was a miracle when my baby sister was born alive.” Gabriel’s eyes filled with unshed tears. “But she’s probably dead.” 
“Probably?” How could he not know whether or not his sister was dead? Had she been sick when he left? 
Gabriel’s face flushed crimson then faded to a chalky gray. “She was born too early. She and Ma both died”
“Oh, man. I’m so sorry.” Something didn’t add up. If the baby had died, Gabriel wouldn’t have said she was probably dead.
“My brother died nine months ago, but I still have a hard time believing he’s really gone.” Jonathan couldn’t believe he’d brought up Franklin’s death. But now that he had, sharing his pain with Gabriel made the ache a little less sharp. 
“How old was he?”
“Twenty when he died. Same age as me. We were identical twins. At first everyone thought that I’d died instead of Franklin. When my mother learned the truth, she couldn’t handle it. Frankie was her favorite.”
Gabriel nodded, but didn’t say a word. 
The weight of their combined pain should have crushed Jonathan. But for some reason, standing in a stable made of logs, miles from home, baring his soul to a kid he hardly knew, gave Jonathan more comfort than months of psychotherapy. He still grieved. He still missed Frankie more than words could express, but for the first time since his death, Jonathan felt at peace.
That peace shattered when River burst into the stable. Her breasts rose and fell as she panted. “Gabriel, tack up Thunder. I have to get Jonathan out of here.”
“But…we just got here.” The last thing Jonathan wanted to do was get back on a horse—especially not the monster in the corner stall.
“Reuben’s going to kill you.”
“But, he hasn’t even met me.”
River grabbed a hackamore off the wall and shoved it into Gabriel’s hands. “Shula’s in Reuben’s office filling his head full of lies.”
Jonathan grabbed River’s arm. “What sort of lies?”
“The sort that will get you killed.” River put her hands on her knees and leaned over, breathing hard. “She thinks that your family will never stop searching until they find you or your body.”
“That’s not a lie.”
“They may not give up, but they won’t find you. And neither will Reuben. Not until I’ve convinced him that you aren’t a threat to our security.”
Gabriel led Thunder out of his box stall. “Where are you taking him? I’ll bring you supplies tomorrow.”
“It’s better if you don’t know. I’ve got my bow, and a quiver full of arrows. I’ll get Jonathan settled and then come back to talk some sense into Reuben.”
“Is that so?” 
Jonathan spun around. A giant of a man stepped into the stable. He could have just stepped out of a Clint Eastwood movie. He had the same straight, dark brown hair as Eli, River and Gabriel. His fringed buckskin coat stretched across the broadest shoulders Jonathan had ever seen. The man was at least six and a half feet tall. But he moved with fluid grace.  
Time slowed as Jonathan’s brain shifted into survival mode. A quick sweep of the stable didn’t reveal anything he could use as a weapon. Where the hell did they keep the pitch forks?
River whirled around and put her hands on Reuben’s chest. “I won’t let you kill my recruit!”
Reuben arched an eyebrow then narrowed his eyes. “What makes you think I’m going to kill him? Were you listening outside my door again?”
River straightened her spine and lifted her chin, but her entire body trembled. “I came into the house to tell you about Jonathan, but I overheard you and Shula in your office.” 
Every muscle in Jonathan’s body tensed as he crept closer. 
Gabriel’s eyes darted back and forth between Reuben and Jonathan. He shook his head. The movement was so subtle it was more like a twitch, but his meaning was clear. Stay back.
Jonathan appreciated the warning, but he wasn’t going to just stand there and watch if Reuben tried to hurt River.  
He relaxed a little when Reuben gazed at River with obvious affection. “You didn’t stick around for the entire conversation, did you?”
River shook her head.
“I’m curious. What were you planning to do with him?”
“Hide him until I could talk you into letting me keep him.”
Keep him? Like a pet?
The corners of Reuben's mouth twitched then spread into a smile. “You know I’d never let anyone, not even Shula, dictate how I run my pack. You may keep your recruit.” Reuben looked up and locked gazes with Jonathan, “So long as he obeys the rules.”
River wrapped her arms around Reuben’s waist and squeezed. The top of her head didn’t quite reach his collar bone. “Thank you, thank you, thank you!”
Reuben untangled himself from River’s embrace and extended his hand towards Jonathan. “I’m Reuben, son of Zebulon and Israel’s daughter. Welcome to my home.”
If Gabriel’s handshake was bone-crushing, Reuben’s was pulverizing. Jonathan smiled to hide his grimace of pain. “Nice to meet you, sir. And thanks for your hospitality.”
“Hospitality? You’ll earn your keep if you want to keep breathing.” 
There was no doubt in Jonathan’s mind that the threat was real. “I’m not afraid of hard work.”
“Good.” He nodded at Jonathan, dismissing him, then looked at Gabriel. “Move a bed from the bunkhouse into your room. Shula sent all the ranch hands and servants away. No point heating the entire bunkhouse for one recruit. You’ll be sharing your room with Jonathan.”
Gabriel’s chin jerked down as he hunched his shoulders, but he never broke eye contact. “Yes, sir.”
Jonathan didn’t want to intrude and he sure as hell didn’t want to piss off Gabriel. He needed all the allies he could get. “I can sleep here in the stable.”
Reuben’s gaze snapped back to Jonathan. “All my ranch hands have been drafted into the enforcers’ ranks until Shula lifts the quarantine. Patrols have been doubled.”
“I’m not going to run.” Not tonight, anyway.
“Help Gabriel move your bed into his room then meet me in my office.”
Jonathan and Gabriel replied at the same time. “Yes, sir.”
As soon as Reuben left, Gabriel grinned at Jonathan. “I’m glad you’re bunking with me.”
“Really? From the look you gave your father, you could have fooled me.”
“You mean this look?” Gabriel ducked his head and hunched his shoulders but kept his eyes on Jonathan’s face.
“Yeah.” Jonathan laughed. “That one.”
“He gave me a direct order.” Gabriel shrugged. “Body language, more than words, demonstrates acquiescence.”
“Acquiescence?”
“It means total agreement.”
“I know what it means. I’m just surprised you do.” Jonathan grinned to let Gabriel know he was teasing.
“Just because we live a simpler, cleaner life doesn’t mean we aren’t educated.”
“Really? Do you study science?”
“Yes, but you’d probably call it alchemy.”
“Aren’t alchemists the guys that think you can spin straw into gold?”
Gabriel laughed then grabbed some straw off the stable floor and threw it at Jonathan. “That’s ridiculous. Everyone knows you can’t turn straw into gold. Only lead.”
Jonathan scooped up a fistful of straw and shoved it down the back of Gabriel’s shirt. “Really? I heard all you had to do was rub a little straw against the skin of a pretentious boy.”
“Pretentious?” Gabriel bear hugged Jonathan and took him to the ground. The straw cushioned their fall, but they both grunted when they landed. The kid was solid muscle. What would he be like when he was fully grown? 
Jonathan was exhausted after riding for thirteen hours, but it felt good to wrestle and forget about the nightmare his life had become. Of all the things he missed about Franklin, he missed sparring with him the most. Jonathan put Gabriel in a head lock and rubbed his knuckles against the top of his head. “Yes, pretentious. It means overconfident.” 
“If you two are done comparing vocabularies, I suggest you get a move on.” River stood in the doorway, backlit by the moon, with her hands on her hips. “Reuben wants to talk to Jonathan as soon as your done moving the bed.”
Her raw beauty stole Jonathan’s breath. How could one girl be so confident, powerful and strong, yet vulnerable and feminine? She was a puzzle. A puzzle Jonathan would love to solve.
Gabriel braced his feet against the ground and arched his back, breaking Jonathan’s hold.
Instead of fighting him, Jonathan used the kid’s momentum and kept rolling until he was on top. He considered letting Gabriel pin him, but the kid’s perma-grin was still plastered on his face. He was enjoying this as much as Jonathan. Letting him win would only insult him.
“Hey!” River stomped her foot. “This is serious. Reuben does not like to be kept waiting.”
Gabriel’s grin faded, but didn’t disappear completely. “Just so you know, I’m not submitting. We can finish this tomorrow.”
It took a good fifteen minutes to haul the aspen-log bed from the bunkhouse, up the snow-covered trail to the monstrosity built into the side of the mountain. The front of Reuben's home reminded Jonathan of a ski lodge. Each log was perfectly round, smooth as silk and fit together like matching pieces of a puzzle. 
Gabriel and Jonathan wrestled the bed up six steps onto the flagstone porch. Gabriel set his end of the bed down and removed his boots. The rock had to feel like a block of ice, but he didn’t even flinch. 
Jonathan gritted his teeth and leaned over to unlace his right boot. The air near his feet was balmy. He pressed his palm against the stone surface of the porch and sighed as warmth spread through his hand. His parents had heated tile in the master bath, but that required electricity.
The interior of the house was almost balmy. Surprising, since the back wall was solid rock, carved out of the mountain. The wood-burning stove in the kitchen was twice as big as the one in the quarantine cabin, but it wasn’t lit. A fireplace took up most of the wall on Jonathan’s right, but all it held was blackened logs and a hand-cranked spit made of iron, no blaze. The long hallway and Gabriel’s room were just as warm as the front room. 
Once the bed was in place, Jonathan stretched his aching back. “Okay, so what’s up with the hot rocks on the front porch? How do you heat this place? I noticed the stable was warm, too.”
Gabriel shrugged out of his parka and hung it on a hook next to a bank of shelves. “Pa built this place near a hot spring. He designed it so hot water flows through a series of pipes under the floor. The stable only has one pipe, running down the center of the building. But that’s good enough for the horses. The pipes under the house snake back and forth so the whole place stays the same temperature.”
Jonathan squatted down and ran his hand over the stone floor. “Doesn’t it get too hot in the summer?” Afternoon temperatures could climb into the low nineties, even in the high country. 
“We divert the hot water away from the house in the summer and open the access tunnel to the cold water spring.”
“Wow. That’s pretty amazing.”
Gabriel grinned and lit a candle inside a hurricane lantern. “That’s not even the best part. Come on, I’ll show you.”
Jonathan followed Gabriel to the back of the house. He opened the door to what looked like the bottom of a mine shaft. The room was carved out of the mountain.
A gurgling sound puzzled Jonathan until he caught a whiff of sulfur. This must be the geothermal equivalent of a furnace room.
Gabriel set the hurricane lantern on a stone shelf and backed out so Jonathan could enter.
He held onto the door jamb and leaned inside. Two streams of water flowed down the back wall into troughs carved out of the rock. They converged in the middle then emptied into a stone basin. It looked like some sort of artistic fountain, but steam roiled off the water in one of the troughs. Jonathan looked over his shoulder at Gabriel. “Hot and cold running water?” 
“Just like they have inside Sanctuary Mount—” Gabriel froze. He didn’t even blink.
Jonathan smiled and shook his head. “Don’t worry. I’m not even gonna ask.”
Gabriel exhaled and pressed his hand over his heart. “Thanks.”
Jonathan turned around and resumed his inspection of the strange water feature. There was no drain in the stone basin, so the water spilled over the sides and disappeared down an iron grate set into the floor. A bar of homemade soap sat on a carved ledge next to the basin. 
A rectangular, stone box stood about three feet to the left of the sink. It had two oval holes cut into the top. Jonathan pointed at the first hole. “A toilet?”
Gabriel grinned and nodded.
The second hole was identical to the first, except for the stream of water shooting into it at a forty-five degree angle from the back wall.
“Is that a bidet?”
“A what?”
“A personal cleaning…thing?”
Gabriel nodded and pointed at the first hole. “Use that one first, then sit on the…biddy.”
“Okaaay.”
“It gets you much cleaner than leaves.”
“Yeah. I’ll bet.” Jonathan took the hurricane lantern off the shelf and held it over the toilet. He took a tentative sniff, but it didn’t smell like an outhouse. There was a slight odor of rotten eggs, but that was just sulfur and it didn’t smell as bad as the cleansing pool back at the quarantine cabin. Water flowed from right to left. “An underground river?” 
“Yeah.” 
It probably violated all sorts of public sanitation laws, but there was no denying this was so much better than trekking through the snow to an outhouse or using a chamber pot. “Where’s the shower?”
“Near the mud pit; about 3 miles from here.”
“You have to hike six miles round trip for a shower?”
“We only use it after soaking in the mud pit. The cleansing pools are much closer.”
“How much closer?” A quick soak in a hot spring would do wonders for Jonathan’s sore muscles.
“It’s only a mile, but the trail’s too dangerous to navigate at night. I’ll take you tomorrow.” Gabriel opened a cabinet door and handed Jonathan a rag. He pointed to the overflowing basin. “Go ahead and wash up. I’ll try to find a clean tunic for you to sleep in.”
“Do you sleep in a tunic?”
Gabriel shook his head. “You’re the only one that wears clothes to bed.”
“I can sleep naked as long as River isn’t sharing a room with us.”
“Why are you so worried about River seeing your body?” Gabriel glanced over his shoulder, obviously checking for eavesdroppers. He leaned closer, lowering his voice to a whisper. “Is it because of your…deformity?”
Jonathan resisted the urge to hide his stump behind his back and held it out in front of himself. “I’m not ashamed of this.”
“No, I meant…” Gabriel flicked his gaze to Jonathan’s crotch, “…down there. Was it an accident? Or was your manhood mutilated as a punishment?”
Jonathan’s cheeks and ears burned. “My manhood is not mutilated.”
“You were born that way?”
“Are you talking about the fact that I was circumcised?” Jonathan didn’t make a habit of checking out other guys, but with all the shameless nudity, he couldn’t help but notice that Eli and Gabriel hadn’t been circumcised.
“I’ve heard of that. The children of Judah are circumcised.” Even in the dim light, Jonathan could see the color drain from Gabriel’s face. “Do you belong to Judah’s tribe?”
Jonathan was Mormon—sort of—not Jewish. “If I belong to any tribe, it’s the tribe of Ephraim.”
Gabriel’s mouth fell open. His eyes widened. He didn’t say anything for several seconds. When he finally spoke, it was with solemn reverence. “You…are a son of Ephraim?”
“Not literally.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Mormon’s believe that every member of the church belongs to one of the twelve tribes of Israel. So they give you a special blessing and one of the things they tell you is which tribe you belong to.” Jonathan shrugged. “Mine just happens to be the tribe of Ephraim. No big deal.”
“It’s a very big deal.” Gabriel’s eyes grew even wider as he inched closer to the door. “It’s a huge deal. I need to tell Pa.” 
Jonathan’s mouth went dry. It would be just his luck for Reuben’s family to be at war with another cult led by some kook named Ephraim. “Why is it such a huge deal?”
“There’s an old legend about Ephraim being the rightful ruler of New Eden. I can’t remember it exactly, but Pa has it memorized.”
“Okay, stop. This is nothing but a freaky coincidence. Any Mormon can get a patriarchal blessing…as long as they’re worthy.” Jonathan cringed. Franklin had refused to get his blessing until Jonathan was ready to get his. So, he’d lied about his worthiness during his interview with the bishop to be sure Franklin got his patriarchal blessing before they deployed. Jonathan still felt guilty about it, but he would have felt a hell of a lot worse if Frankie had died without that blessing. 
By now, Gabriel’s eyes were bugging out of his head. “You’ve been blessed by a patriarch? What trials did you pass to prove your worthiness? Is that why they cut your manhood? Was it a test of courage?”
“My circumcision has nothing to do with my religion. And we don’t mutilate people to test their courage or worthiness or even to punish them.”
“Then why did you allow them to mutilate you?”
“I didn’t allow it. Almost every guy I know was circumcised as an infant.”
“Why would anyone do that to a baby?” Gabriel shuddered. “That’s so…cruel.”
“I have no idea. And now that I think about it; you’re right. It is pretty cruel.”
Gabriel finally blinked. His mouth was still tight with tension, but at least his eyes looked normal again. “Why don’t you want me to tell Pa you’re a descendant of Ephraim?”
“Because I’m not!” Jonathan took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. If Gabriel started spouting off his legend theory to Reuben, who knew where this might lead. 
“How do you know you’re not descended from Ephraim?”
“This Ephraim guy was supposed to be some great leader, right?” 
Gabriel furrowed his brow, nearly bringing his eyebrows together.
“I was a private first class in the army. No one would ever mistake me for a leader.” Jonathan draped his left arm over Gabriel’s shoulder and gave him another noogie. He didn’t want to wind up as some accidental messiah. That hadn’t worked out so well for the real one.
A deep ache in Jonathan’s thighs, glutes and lower back woke him the next morning. “Damn horses.”  
The smell of fried eggs lured him out of bed. Gabriel was already gone, his bed made. Jonathan’s chat with Reuben hadn’t amounted to much other than a warning to obey every order, without hesitation or question, or suffer the consequences. Sort of like being in the army. 
Jonathan got dressed then made his bed. It wasn’t exactly according to army standards, but it looked as good as Gabriel’s. His stomach growled, but his bladder insisted he make a quick detour down the hall before heading to the kitchen. 
River stood in front of the stove, scowling at the sizzling, popping eggs in the skillet. “Ouch!” She flinched and jerked her hand back. “I hate cooking!”
Jonathan moved to her side and held out his hand. “Do you want some help with that?”
She gave him a sideways glance and snorted. “Men don’t cook.”
“Sure they do.” He bumped her hip with his and took the spatula out of her hand. “No wonder the eggs are popping, they’re drowning in grease.”
“Well, how else am I going to keep them from sticking?”
Jonathan tried to slip the spatula under an egg, but the blade didn’t have any give. He’d never thought about spatula design, but there was a huge difference between this one and the teflon coated utensils in his kitchen back home. He ended up breaking every one of the yolks but River didn’t complain. She carried the platter to the aspen-log table and nodded at a chair. “Have a seat.”
“Aren’t you going to join me?” There were five eggs on the plate. No toast, no bacon, no orange juice, no milk—just eggs.
“I ate an hour ago.” River smirked at him. “We all did.”
“Why didn’t someone come wake me up?”
River sat down across from him, put an elbow on the table and rested her chin in her hand. “Eli wanted to, but I told him to leave you alone.” 
“Eli? What’s he doing here?”
“He’s supposed to help out until the quarantine’s over and Reuben’s ranch hands can come back.”
“Great.” Jonathan shoveled a fork full of eggs into his mouth. They burned his tongue, but it was worth it. 
“Just stay out of his way.”
“Where’s he sleeping?”
“At his mother’s cabin.” River rolled her eyes. “It’s only about a fifteen minute ride, but you should have heard him whining about how cold it was. I have no idea how he managed to become an enforcer.”
“Gabriel mentioned that Eli was politically connected. Maybe someone pulled some strings to get him in.” 
The front door swung open and banged against the side of the house. A dark-haired, rosy-cheeked little boy ran inside. 
“Hey!” River stood up and pointed at his feet. “Boots off.”
The kid hopped on one foot then the other, but made no move to remove his boots. “Is that him?”
“We won’t have any servants until the quarantine’s over.” River knelt in front of him and untied his boots. “I’m not mopping this floor.”
The kid stepped on the heel of one boot and pulled his foot out then kicked off the other one, sending it flying.
“Paul!” River grabbed his arms.
He ducked his chin but kept his gaze locked on River’s. It reminded Jonathan of how a dog acts when scolded.
River didn’t let go of him until he lowered his gaze to the floor.
As soon as he was free, Paul darted around River and ran straight to Jonathan. He skidded to a stop then put his hands on his hips and narrowed his eyes as he examined Jonathan from head to toe. “So, that’s what an outsider looks like.”
“Oh shit!” Jonathan scooted away from the table, backing away from Paul. “I’m still under quarantine.”
“We all are.” Reuben came in and shut the door behind him. “But don’t worry about it. You aren’t infected. Shula is just using the quarantine to manipulate everyone.”
Jonathan heaved a sigh of relief but kept his distance. “What about River’s fever? She’s healthy now, but she was really sick for about twelve hours.”
Reuben smiled. “River’s not contagious.”
Paul folded his arms across his chest. “River’s recruit said a bad word.” 
“I heard.” 
Jonathan’s heartbeat doubled.
“Are you going to whip him?”
Reuben leveled his gaze at Jonathan. “Not this time.”
Holy shit! Jonathan needed to clean up his language. He’d managed to keep from swearing around Mom and Dad even after he’d developed the habit around his friends; but army life had pretty much destroyed that filter. It’d be easier to just quit swearing all together than to stay on guard around Reuben.
River grabbed Jonathan’s shoulders and gave him a gentle push towards the hall. “Go get your parka, boots and gloves. I need to teach you how to do your chores.”
Paul followed River and Jonathan outside and ran circles around them like a hyper-active golden retriever. 
River pointed at a pile of wood behind the house. “You already know how to chop wood, so that’s one of your chores.”
“How often?”
“Just be sure the wood box is full every night before you come in for supper. We only use wood for cooking so it shouldn’t be too hard.” 
“Gabriel told me about the geothermal heating system Reuben engineered. I’m really impressed.”
“Reuben grew up inside Sanctuary Mountain, so he understands how these things work.” River didn’t cringe, gasp or slap her hand over her mouth. 
“Is it okay to tell me about Sanctuary Mountain now?”
She tilted her head to the side and looked up for a moment, then leveled her gaze at Jonathan. “There are two separate societies that make up New Eden. The people that live inside Sanctuary Mountain are pampered. They have access to medicine and doctors that are brought in from the outside world.”
“Wait a minute.” Jonathan grabbed River’s forearm and turned her to face him. “What do you mean ‘brought in’ from the outside world? Do these doctors come willingly?”
“Some of them.” River ducked her head, turning it sideways, away from Jonathan. She took a quick gulp of air then continued, talking faster. “The surface dwellers live simpler lives. We aren’t allowed to use anything we can’t manufacture ourselves.”
“Is that why you had me leave all my sh…uh…stuff back at that shack.”
“Yes.” 
“Were you already plotting to keep me from leaving?”
River’s eyes widened as her cheeks flamed red. 
Busted.
“It was just a precaution. One that proved necessary. If Eli had found your bright red underwear, he never would have believed that I was recruiting you.”
Jonathan regretted sidetracking the discussion. He needed to learn more about how New Eden worked if he wanted to escape it. “So, the people that don’t live on the surface…”
“The heirs of Sanctuary?”
“Where do they live?”
“Inside Sanctuary Mountain.” 
Jonathan wanted to ask her where Sanctuary was, but he needed to keep things conversational. She’d clam up if she realized he was interrogating her. “That can’t be much fun. How many people do have they have crammed inside the mountain?”
“About four hundred. It doesn’t sound like fun to me either, but the people that live there think it’s a great privilege. They look down their noses at the rest of us. Eli is an heir of Sanctuary.”
“Really? What’s he doing out here with us? Slumming it?”
“He’s an enforcer. By law, half of all enforcers serving on the surface have to be heirs of Sanctuary. Eli got stuck with surface duty this winter.”
“Are these heirs of Sanctuary the people that make all the rules?”
River nodded. “They’d never survive without us. We provide all their food. They provide all the laws.”
“Why do you guys put up with their tyranny? Do they out number you or have superior weapons?” 
“Both.” River shot him a warning glance then tilted her head towards Paul. “Everyone else is going to be finished with morning chores before we even begin.”
In addition to chopping wood, Jonathan was responsible for taking care of Hot Sauce, cleaning out his stall, making sure he had plenty of water and hay, and exercising him for two hours every day. He was also supposed to help Paul clean the chicken coop and gather eggs twice a day. River left them to go do her own chores. Jonathan didn’t blame her. The smell of chicken shit made him gag but Paul promised him he’d get used to it. When they were done, Jonathan squatted down and told Paul to climb on. It was a bit of a hike back to the house and he was starving again.
“River mentioned something about servants earlier. Don’t they usually do the gross stuff?”
“Servants only work in the house.” Paul clung to Jonathan’s back like a monkey. “River’s not very good at women’s work, so Pa bought a couple of servants after Momma died.”
Jonathan arched his eyebrows. “You mean hired, right? Your dad pays the servants to work for him. Doesn’t he?”
“Pa feeds them and lets them sleep in the bunk house. Why should he pay them?”
“Holy shit.” 
Paul slapped his hand over Jonathan’s mouth. “Pa’ll wash your mouth out with soap and if that don’t work, he’ll tan your hide with his belt.”
Jonathan lifted his chin, freeing his mouth from Paul’s dirty fingers. He probably should wash his mouth out with soap to keep from getting salmonella. “I’ll keep that in mind. Swearing is a bad habit. It’s hard to stop once you start, so don’t ever start.”
“Pa says only ignorant sons a bitches use swear words.”
Jonathan’s shoulders shook as he tried to keep from laughing.
Paul went down for a nap after lunch. Jonathan, River and Gabriel went for an hour long ride—which was all Jonathan’s butt could handle after the marathon ride from the quarantine cabin to the ranch. When they returned, they found Eli in the stable, mucking out Red’s stall. It was the first time Jonathan had seen him doing any sort of manual labor. He deserved a medal for resisting the urge to point that out.
The short horseback ride meant they had several hours of free time before supper. “What do you guys do around here for fun?”
“Once chores are done, we can do whatever we want—as long as it’s legal.” Gabriel wiped the tines of the pitchfork he’d been using with a wad of straw. “Do you wanna wrestle?”
Jonathan grinned at him. “You didn’t get enough yesterday?” 
“Nope. Meet me in the hay barn when you’re done with stable chores.”
Eli stepped out of Red’s stall. “I want the first round. If he’s still standing when I’m done, you can go a round with him.”
River marched over to Eli and poked his chest with her finger. “Gabriel and I both heard you make the challenge. You can’t punish Jonathan after he beats the living daylights out of you.”
Eli knocked her hand away from his chest. “He’s not going to beat me.”
The hay barn wasn’t the safest place to spar—the frozen ground was hard as concrete and half a dozen antique farm implements hung from hooks on each wall. But according to Gabriel, that’s where everyone gathered for entertainment. Everything from good-natured wrestling matches to full-on fistfights to dances took place in the hay barn. Until Shula lifted quarantine, entertainment was going to be hard to come by. 
River grabbed Jonathan’s elbow and pulled him closer. “Take your time grooming Saucy. I’m going to go find Reuben so he can witness the challenge. I don’t trust Eli.”
“All right. I’ll meet you in the hay barn in about ten minutes.”
When Jonathan opened the door, River, Gabriel and Paul were sitting in the loft. Eli was leaning against a wall with his arms folded across his chest.
“Where’s Reuben?”
River shook her head. “I couldn’t find him.”
Eli shrugged off his coat, vest and shirt then cracked his knuckles. “What’s the matter, outsider? Afraid to face me?”
Jonathan ignored Eli and looked up at River. “You’re my sponsor. What should I do?”
River’s legs hung over the edge of the loft. She swung them back and forth then put her elbows on her knees and leaned forward. “Gabriel, Paul and I are witnesses.” She glared at Eli. “State the challenge again, releasing Jonathan from any fault should this match cause you harm.”
Eli harrumphed and rolled his eyes. “I, Eli, son of Zebulon’s daughter, do hereby challenge the recruit, Jonathan, to a test of strength and skill. I release him from any responsibility in the unlikely event that he causes me bodily harm. The last man standing wins. Do you accept the challenge?”
“I accept.” Jonathan removed everything from his upper body, except the gold chain around his neck. Damn, it was cold in there. Reuben must not have thought it was important to heat the hay barn. Jonathan bounced on his toes, shaking out his arms.
Eli curled his lips. “What the hell are you doing?”
“Warming up. You should at least stretch out a little before we get started.” 
Eli snorted. “I’ve never been in a fight where my opponent gave me any warning before attacking, much less time to prance around like a ballerina.” 
Paul giggled. Gabriel laughed. River clapped both hands over her mouth, but her eyes crinkled at the corners.
Jonathan turned away from the loft, faced Eli and bowed. That common courtesy earned him another round of laughter, sending a flush of heat across his cheeks. Well, let’s see who’s laughing when this is over.
Jonathan grinned and cocked his head to the side, inviting Eli to throw the first punch.
Eli drew his arm back then threw a right hook. 
Jonathan took a half-step back, blocked the incoming blow with a downward thrust of his left forearm then immediately stepped forward and smacked Eli’s cheek with an open palm. He could have ended the fight if he’d countered with a right jab to the temple, but where’s the fun in that? 
Eli glared at Jonathan as he pressed his palm against his cheek, leaving his entire body exposed. 
Jonathan tapped his other cheek and laughed. “Come on. What are you waiting for?”
Eli threw a combination left jab, right cross that Jonathan easily dodged and blocked. He followed up with more open palmed slaps to Eli’s face, head and body. Eli started sweating after about five minutes. He dropped his hands to his knees and gasped for breath.
Jonathan grinned at him. “Had enough?”
Eli didn’t say, “yes,” nod his head, or otherwise indicate the match was over, but he did stand up without raising his guard. 
Jonathan reached out to shake his hand but as soon as he did, Eli threw a right jab. Jonathan didn’t have time to block it or dodge it completely. He ducked just enough that Eli’s fist glanced off his cheek instead of popping him in the nose. 
Gabriel yelled, “That was a cheap shot, Eli.” River and Paul murmured their assent.
Eli’s face was beet red. It could have been from anger, but Jonathan suspected that humiliation was at least partly to blame. Getting slapped repeatedly without landing a solid punch made Eli look like a fool. But it also made Jonathan feel like a bully.
He stopped playing and started fighting. Jonathan delivered a back roundhouse kick into Eli’s solar plexus. He knew from experience that the pain from the blow, combined with the inability to breathe, made you feel as if you were dying. 
Eli’s eyes widened as he tried in vain to draw a breath. 
Jonathan took the opportunity to sneak a peek at River. Her eyes sparkled as she smiled at him. He wished he had his bo staff. He was skilled with hand to hand combat, but his true talent shone when he had a weapon in his hand. Jonathan had always enjoyed the thrill of competing in front of a cheering crowd, but the thrill of showing off in front of River was an even bigger rush.
He waited for Eli to broadcast his next move, avoided the clumsy kick then threw a back tuck instead of a counter attack. The gasp of surprise from the loft sent a wave of pleasure through Jonathan. 
The look of shock on Eli’s face was priceless. “What the hell was that all about?”
“In a competition you get extra points for good tumbling skills.”
“Would you do that in a real fight?” Eli was still looking down his nose at Jonathan, but it was a valid question.
“No. But it’s fun. You should try it.”
Eli laughed. “Yeah, right. You just want me to break my neck.”
Jonathan wouldn’t mind watching Eli plant his face in the dirt.
“It’s not hard…unless your stomach muscles are too weak.” Jonathan flexed, showing off his six-pack abs. 
Eli’s eyes narrowed into slits. He roared like an angry bull and charged. 
Jonathan couldn’t resist. He stepped to the side, spun halfway around and landed a solid sidekick in the middle of Eli’s butt, sending him flying, face first, into the haystack.
River jumped from the loft, into the hay, rolled over Eli, and landed on her feet. She took Jonathan’s wrist and raised his hand over his head. “Jonathan is the last man standing. He wins!”
Eli dug himself out of the haystack and pointed his finger at River. “You’re biased.”
River looked into the loft. “Gabriel, who won?”
“Well…” He paused and rubbed the back of his neck. “Eli’s feet were off the ground for more than ten seconds.”
Paul clapped his hands and chanted, “Eli lost! Eli lost!” then jumped out of the loft. He tumbled down the haystack, head over heels, landing in a jumbled mess at River and Jonathan’s feet.
Eli’s shoulders slumped as he stared at Paul. He closed his eyes for a moment then opened them and glared at Jonathan. The expression on his face could only be described as murderous. He brushed the hay off his clothes then slammed Jonathan’s shoulder with his as he stomped out of the barn.
Paul grabbed Jonathan’s hand and tugged. “I wanna learn how to do that flippy thing.”
“Tell you what Paul, I’ll teach you how to do a back tuck if you teach me how to do what you just did.” 
The little boy’s eyes lit up. “Really? Gosh that’s easy! All you gots to do is be sure there’s plenty of hay and nothing in it, like a pitchfork or a hoe, then jump.” 
Gabriel called down from his seat in the loft. “I wouldn’t mind finding a ho in the haystack.” 
River covered Paul’s ears and laughed. “You’re too young for whores.”
Jonathan grinned. “What about me? Am I too young?”
River’s smile disappeared. “You’ll have to wait until quarantine’s over.” 
“I was just kidding. You know that, right?”
River shrugged her shoulders. “If you need to use a whore, talk to Reuben. Or Eli. I’m not sure how to arrange it.”
“I’d never use a prostitute!”
River tousled Paul’s hair then jogged towards the ladder. “Last one up is a rotten egg.” 
“No fair!” Paul darted off after her, but River scampered up ahead of him. She leapt out of the loft, tucked her knees into her chest and landed on her back, sending a cloud of dust and hay into the air. She stretched out and log-rolled down the haystack, giggling and sneezing. She had so much hay sticking out of her braided hair she looked like a scarecrow.
Jonathan turned around and balanced on the edge of the loft. He did a back layout with a double twist then tucked into a ball before he hit the hay. 
River, Gabriel and Paul had been so impressed with his simple back tuck, he thought for sure they’d go nuts after that combination, but the barn was dead silent. 
He rolled over and grinned when he saw River and Paul staring at him with wide eyes and open mouths. He looked into the loft to check Gabriel’s reaction. 
He shook his head and laughed. “Anyone ever tell you you’re crazy?”
“All the time.”
Paul climbed back into the loft and tried to imitate Jonathan. He wound up head first in the haystack. He brought quite a bit of hay down with him as he wiggled and squirmed his way free.
Gabriel crawled to the edge of the loft and climbed down the ladder. 
“Don’t you want to jump?” Jonathan blinked and sneezed. He was willing to bet they didn’t have anything for hay fever. 
Gabriel stared straight ahead and moved slowly as he climbed down, one hand and one foot at a time.
Paul tugged at Jonathan’s sleeve. “Gabriel’s scared to jump. He fell out of the loft and busted his leg.” Paul pointed to his thigh. “His bone was sticking out, right here.”
Jonathan sucked in a breath as he cringed. He’d had his share of broken bones. He could only imagine the suffering Gabriel endured when they set his femur without anesthesia. No wonder he was afraid of heights. It was a miracle he could walk.
Paul bounced on his toes and tugged on Jonathan’s sleeve again. “Now show me how you done that flippy thing.”
“How you did that flippy thing. Use the right word.” River smiled when she corrected Paul’s grammar, but he still stuck his tongue out at her.
Was River somehow responsible for Paul’s education? Maybe older kids were supposed to help with the younger ones. “Be nice to River, or I won’t teach you anything.” 
Paul’s lower lip quivered. “But…you promised.” 
“Just tell River you’re sorry and we can get started.” 
Paul dug at the frozen dirt with the toe of his boot and glared at River. He mumbled “sorry,” then looked at Jonathan with sad-puppy eyes.
Jonathan couldn’t keep from smiling as he mussed the little rascal’s hair. “That wasn’t much of an apology, but if River accepts it, we’ll get started.”
Paul held his breath as he gazed at River. 
She kept her arms folded across her chest, but nodded her assent.
Paul hopped from one foot to the other as Jonathan pulled some hay loose from the stack and spread it across the frozen ground. It wasn’t nearly as good as a tumbling mat, but it was the best they had. Besides, he had no intention of letting Paul hit the ground.
Gabriel and River stood to the side and watched as Jonathan explained the basic technique to Paul.  
“Jump straight up. Wait until you’re as high as you can go, then pull your knees into your chest as hard and as fast as you can. Like this.” Jonathan grinned when everyone clapped and cheered. He’d have to show them some real tumbling when he was done spotting Paul.
“Okay, kid. Wait for me to get ready.” Jonathan hadn’t tried to spot a beginner with just one hand before. He grabbed a fistful of the little boy’s baggy shirt, but there was too much loose fabric. “Hang on, we need to figure out the best way to do this.”
River stepped forward and placed her hand on Jonathan’s shoulder. “Can I help?” 
Her touch sent a jolt of energy through his body. He looked over his shoulder into her big brown…whoa. “What happened to your eyes?”
She blinked and backed away from him. “What do you mean?”
“I thought they were brown. But…they look…almost…purple?” There was no way they had access to colored contacts out there.
River’s eyes widened. “They do?”
Jonathan leaned closer. “Yeah. They’re definitely purple. That’s weird. Do you feel okay?”
“I’m fine.” River ducked her head and turned away.
Paul put his fists on his hips and glared at River. “Nobody never tells me nothing. When did you merge?”
Gabriel grabbed Paul by the shoulders and spun him around. He leaned over and whispered something in his ear that made the little boy tremble.
“Hey. Don’t be so rough with the kid.” Jonathan wanted to know what Paul was talking about—especially after Gabriel’s reaction—but he didn’t want to get him in trouble.
River averted her eyes and cleared her throat. “You said you needed help figuring out something, so you can teach Paul how to flip over backwards.”
She was obviously feeling self-conscious about her eyes, so Jonathan let it go. “There’s too much slack between his shirt and his body.”
River twisted the fabric, formed a loop, and pulled the end through it in less than four seconds.
This time, when Jonathan grabbed Paul’s shirt, it felt secure. “Okay, Paul. On the count of three. One…”
Paul didn’t wait for the countdown. He didn’t do anything Jonathan told him to do. Instead of jumping straight up, he flung himself backwards. Instead of tucking his knees, he kicked out sideways. 
Jonathan turned his face to the side, but Paul still managed to kick him in the face. Jonathan jerked up on Paul’s shirt and used his stump to flip the boy over. 
Paul landed on his knees then looked up at Jonathan and let out a wail. 
Jonathan ignored his throbbing nose and checked Paul for signs of injury. He didn’t find any. “Are you okay?”
“I’m sorry, Jonathan. Please don’t be mad at me.”
Jonathan tipped his head back and pinched the bridge of his nose in an effort to staunch the bleeding. “It’s okay, kiddo. I’ve had worse.”
The barn door swung open. Reuben walked in pulling a handcart behind him. He stopped and furrowed his brow. “Whose blood is that?” 
Jonathan had his hand clamped over his nose so he just lifted his stump in the air.
“Gabriel, take Paul up to the house and get him cleaned up. River, stir up some biscuits for supper.” 
Paul sniffed and wiped his nose on his sleeve. “But Pa…River can’t cook.”
“Do as you’re told. Now go.” Reuben dusted his hands off on his thighs. His voice carried no hint of sympathy. “Lay down, Jonathan.” 
Jonathan was pretty sure he wasn’t going to like what came next. 
“Brace yourself. This is gonna hurt like hell.” 
At least he didn’t put a stick in Jonathan’s mouth and tell him to bite on it. Jonathan closed his eyes and shuddered.
“Try not to scream. It’ll upset Paul if he hears you.”
This was going to be bad.
Reuben straddled Jonathan’s chest, placed his long, calloused fingers on either side of his nose. “One, two…” Crunch. 
Jonathan groaned. “What happened to ‘three?’” 
Reuben extended a hand and helped Jonathan sit up. “You wanna tell me what you boys were doing out here?”
“Yes sir.” Jonathan’s voice sounded nasally, like he had a bad cold. “We were just messing around and Paul wanted me to teach him how to do a back tuck. It was my fault. I didn’t go through the proper progression of skills with him. I also failed to keep my face away from his boots.”
“I see.” Reuben frowned and shook his head. “Actually no, I don’t see. What exactly is a back tuck?”
“I’d show you if my nose didn’t hurt so much.” 
Reuben cocked an eyebrow. 
“Basically, you just jump in the air and flip over backwards without touching the ground with your hands.”
“Why in the world would anyone want to do that?”
Jonathan sighed and muttered, “Because it impresses girls.”
Reuben laughed, then got up and walked out of the barn without another word, leaving Jonathan sitting in the hay.
The next morning, River announced that a visit to the mud pit would help Jonathan’s nose heal faster. She grabbed a couple of rags out of the closet across from the bathroom. “I don’t like the mud pit, but I’ll suffer through it so you don’t have to go alone.”
Jonathan didn’t like the sound of that. The purge he’d endured back at the quarantine cabin in the name of ‘healing’ was bad enough. “Suffer? What exactly do you plan to do to me?”
River laughed then wrinkled her nose. “You’ll probably enjoy it. It’s Paul’s favorite place on the entire ranch.”
“Why don’t you like it?”
“I hate mud.” River shuddered. “It takes forever to get all the grit out of my hair.”
“If you don’t want to go, why don’t you have Paul or Gabriel take me?”
“I’m your sponsor.” She shrugged her shoulders. “It’s my responsibility to take care of all your needs.” 
Jonathan’s cheeks warmed as he thought about River taking care of his ‘needs.’ 
River gave him a sideways glance then furrowed her brow. He saw the exact moment she realized how her words could be misinterpreted. A quiet gasp escaped her softly parted, oh-so-kissable mouth. “You know what I mean.”
Jonathan wondered what River’s lips would taste like. It was a dangerous fantasy that sent a surge of heat through his entire body. He grinned then snapped River’s butt with his rag in an effort to break the sexual tension. 
“Hey!” River jerked her hips to the side and glared at him. “That hurt.”
“Sorry.” Jonathan wondered what she’d do if he offered to kiss it and make it better. Not helping. 
He turned his attention to the landscape as they hiked to the mud pit. If he could identify just one mountain peak, he might be able to figure out just where the hell they were. The more he knew about the area, the better his chances of getting himself and River out of New Eden alive. 
“The entrance is right there.” River pointed to a hole in the side of the mountain.
When River told Jonathan about the mud pit, he’d pictured something out in the open, similar to the cleansing pools. His stomach twisted into a knot. He hated caves.
River put a hand on his shoulder. “The mud pit is very close to the entrance, so you’ll be able to see outside the whole time.”
Jonathan hated looking weak. Especially in front of River. “I’ll be fine.” 
He ducked his head and followed her inside. It took a few seconds for his eyes to adjust, but when they did, he whistled in appreciation. The cavern looked like something out of an old Jules Vern science fiction movie. A series of wooden chutes, constructed and reinforced with bands of iron, diverted running water over and around a steaming pool of muck. Half a dozen ropes ran through a pulley system. The ends dangled a few feet above the mud pit.
“Well, what do you think?” River folded her arms across her chest and wrinkled her nose.
“It’s amazing.” The chutes reminded Jonathan of old-fashioned sluice boxes. The McKnight Mine still had a few, but none of them were functional. 
Jonathan returned his gaze to River to elaborate, but the sight of her shimmying out of her clothes, rendered him speechless. Blood rushed to his cheeks—and other places.
River held her arms above her head as she descended the stairs into the mud pit. She looked over her shoulder and smirked at him, obviously aware of the fact that he was checking her out. But instead of his interest pissing her off, she seemed to like it.
Jonathan unlaced his vest and laid it on the shelf next to River’s stack of folded clothes. He reached behind his head and grabbed a fistful of fabric then peeled his shirt off. 
River’s gaze traveled over his chest and stomach. 
Holy shit! Jonathan turned his back to loosen the laces on his pants. 
“Why are you so ashamed of your body?”
How many times were they going to have to discuss this? Jonathan sighed then turned back around and faced River. His pants barely clung to his hips. “I’m not ashamed of my body. I’m just…”
 Oh, what the hell. No one else had a speck of modesty. He knew it was a cultural thing. A woman in Afghanistan would be stoned to death for showing her ankles. His mom wouldn’t wear a sleeveless shirt or a pair of shorts, no matter how hot it got. And most of the Mormon girls he knew wouldn’t dream of wearing a two-piece bathing suit, much less a bikini. 
Jonathan resisted the urge to rip his pants off and jump into the mud pit as fast as possible. If River wanted to check him out, he wasn’t going to stop her. He slid his pants down past his knees and stepped out of them. Just like he did every night before bed. No big deal. He kept his chin up and walked around the pit to the stairs. He sank into the mud, which wasn’t mud at all, but some kind of grayish-black sand. The sour, slightly metallic odor burned his sinuses. He scooped up a handful and let it dribble between his fingers. It had the consistency and texture of cream-of-wheat cereal. It was probably some sort of ancient volcanic ash. He patted it over his broken nose and across his bruised cheeks. He didn’t have much faith in folk remedies, but he had to admit, the mud pack soothed the ache immediately. “People in my world pay a small fortune for spa treatments like this.”
River didn’t answer. Her eyes were closed. She hadn’t wanted to watch him undress after all.
Jonathan should have been relieved, but he was strangely disappointed. Until River flared her nostrils and drew a shuddering breath. She even bit her lower lip. He knew the signs. The little tease wasn’t immune to his naked body after all. River was obviously turned on.
The realization was an instant aphrodisiac. Jonathan knew he should close his eyes, or at least stop staring at her heaving breasts. But he was only human. 
River brought one hand to the side of her face then lifted her chin as she slid her fingers down her throat, painting a grey stripe from her jaw to the base of her neck.
Jonathan dug his own fingers into his kneecap.  
River leaned back and sank into the mud, submerging her breasts. 
It should have made things easier, but it didn’t. Jonathan’s imagination took over. He loosened the grip on his knee and slid his hand up his thigh, just a little, only a couple of inches…and then a couple more.
River’s eyes flew open. She gasped and sat up. “What are you doing?”
“The same thing you’re doing.” Jonathan lifted both arms out of the mud. He stretched and yawned, as if he’d just woken from a nap. “Relaxing and enjoying the mud.” He added a contented groan for good measure. “Feels good, doesn’t it?”
“That’s all you were doing?”
Jonathan sat up and leaned forward. “Your eyes are purple again.”
River’s face was already flushed from whatever she’d been doing, but now it flamed tomato red.
Jonathan took pity on her and threw a handful of mud at her chest. It splattered all over her face. 
The weird purple hue shifted back to brown. She grinned and stood up. “You’re in trouble now, boy.”
“I’ve been in trouble since the day I was born.” Jonathan tried to keep his gaze from roaming, but today was not a good day for self-control. 
River covered her breasts with her hands. Her sudden modesty set off all sorts of warning bells in Jonathan’s mind. What was he thinking? Flirting with River was fun, but it was as dangerous as Russian Roulette.
Jonathan stood up and scraped the mud off his chest. “I’m getting hot, can we go now?” 
River lowered her hands and walked towards him. She didn’t stop until her muddy body was six inches from his own. “This will help.” 
Jonathan gazed into her dark brown eyes. They were still rimmed with purple light. They were actually glowing. It wasn’t much. It wouldn’t be noticeable in daylight, but in the shadows, it was obvious. He should have been freaked out by it, but all he wanted to do was wrap his arms around her and press her naked body against his. “You’re wrong. This isn’t helping at all.”
Time slowed as River lifted an arm out of the mud. She wrapped her fingers, one by one around the nearest rope. 
Jonathan groaned. Was it just him? Or did River have this effect on every man she met? Every single thing she did, every gesture, every glance, every little sigh was an act of seduction. She hadn’t even touched him and he was ready to explode. His voice was rough as gravel. “Do you have any idea what you do to me?”
An icy blast of water slammed into the top of Jonathan’s head. It had the desired effect, but it also rinsed the mud off their upper bodies. The cold water hissed and steamed as it mixed with the hot mud around her waist and his hips. The resulting cloud added to the surreal feeling of the moment. With his lust momentarily abated, Jonathan could appreciate the pure beauty of River’s naked form. He wished he were an artist so he could paint her. She would be his masterpiece. “You look like an angel.” 
River laughed. “A half-drowned angel, splattered with mud, and no wings?”
“You don’t need wings.” She was divine. And much too innocent to be tainted by his carnal desires—which were, once again, fueling his overactive imagination. 
Jonathan forced his gaze to her face. “I’m sorry. I can’t do this anymore.”
River tilted her head to the side. “Can’t do what?” 
He gripped the edge of the pit to keep from grabbing her. “I can’t handle being around you when you’re naked.”
She dropped her gaze. “I thought you enjoyed looking at me.” 
“I do enjoy it. That’s what makes everything so hard.” Jonathan cringed and hoped River didn’t catch the double meaning of his unfortunate choice of words. “If we were in my world, living by my standards, I guarantee I would have at least kissed you by now.”
River grabbed Jonathan’s biceps.
“River?” They weren’t supposed to touch. “What are you doing?” 
 She pressed her closed mouth against his lower lip.
Jonathan’s heart stopped. It didn’t start beating again until River broke the kiss.
She pushed away from him then climbed out of the pit without so much as a backwards glance. 
Jonathan was too stunned to do or say anything. By the time his brain started working again, River had disappeared around a corner.
He climbed out of the pit, wrapped a ragged towel around his muddy hips and ran after her. He froze when he rounded the corner and found three separate tunnels. River’s retreating footsteps echoed all around him. It was impossible to tell which direction she’d gone. He couldn’t see more than two feet into any of the tunnels. Was she running blind? Jonathan stopped and looked over his shoulder. The entrance was nothing but a faint glow. “River!”
“Go away.”
It sounded as if her voice came out of the tunnel on the left. Jonathan kept his hand on the wall and took ten steps inside. “I’m not leaving without you.”
“Please, just go back to the ranch.”
Her voice was even more distant. 
“There’s no reason to be embarrassed. Come back and we’ll talk about it.” And if he were lucky, maybe they could follow up with more kissing.
He called her name again, but all he heard was his own echo. He counted off another twenty steps then called out again.
No answer.
“Come on, River. You know I don’t like caves.” Jonathan hated reminding her of his claustrophobia, but hoped it would persuade her to come back.
It didn’t. Jonathan turned around. There was no reassuring glow behind him. Nothing but darkness so thick he could taste it. He was suddenly out of breath, as if he’d just completed a marathon. His fingers tingled and curled into his palm. Had he hit a pocket of bad air? Or was this just a panic attack? He had no way of knowing, because the symptoms for both were the same. 
Jonathan sank to the ground and put his head between his knees. A draft of cold air washed over him. Cold enough it had to come from outside the cave. He wasn’t going to die. 
Suck it up, buttercup. River needs a man, not a claustrophobic wimp. He clamped his hand over his mouth and pinched his right nostril shut with his thumb then focused on controlling his breathing. Once he was sure he wasn’t going to pass out, Jonathan called out to River one more time.
But it was Gabriel that answered.
Chapter Eight
Dangerous Secrets

River ran until she couldn’t see where she was going. Even enhanced vision required some light. 
She and Gabriel had explored every inch of this cavern. There were no bottomless pits or sudden drop offs to worry about. But there were plenty of low spots that would knock her senseless if she ran into one. She slowed to a brisk walk and raised her hands above her head. 
“River?”
“Go away!” River felt horrible for deserting Jonathan, she knew he didn’t like being underground, but she was too ashamed to face him. Not only had she touched him in the mud pit…she’d kissed him.
“I’m not leaving without you.” 
Every tunnel eventually led to the surface, or back to the mud pit. Jonathan was in no danger. “Please, just go back to the ranch.”
“There’s no reason to be embarrassed. Come back and we’ll talk about it.”
River wrapped her arms around her mid-section and hunched forward, as if that could protect her from the sense of shame assaulting her from every angle. She’d been obsessed with the idea of kissing Jonathan ever since he stumbled into her world. She’d tried to deny her growing attraction, but it had only gotten worse, especially after her encounter with the white wolf. She wanted to do a lot more than just kiss Jonathan. Damn pre-merge fever.
She must have been so blinded by her own lust that she’d imagined Jonathan felt the same. She could have sworn he wanted to kiss her, he’d even said as much. But he’d turned as cold and stiff as a block of ice the instant her lips touched his.
River brought a quivering hand to her mouth. Maybe she hadn’t done it correctly. Maybe there was more to kissing than just pressing lips. Or maybe, the only women that initiated physical contact in Jonathan’s world were whores. 
That must be it. Tears spilled out of the corners of River’s eyes as she lowered herself to the ground. Darkness enveloped her like a blanket, but she couldn’t hide from the knowledge of what she’d done. She hugged her knees to her chest and tried to remember how to breathe as her shivering intensified. 
The sound of trickling water meant she was near the spring house. The pool was too shallow to be dangerous, but it stayed cold enough year round to keep milk from souring; even in the middle of the summer. She was already naked, wet and miserable, she didn’t want to go wading in a pool of near-freezing water. But she’d rather do that than risk running into Jonathan. 
She hoped he’d given up and gone home, but he was stubborn enough to wait for her at the mud pit; knowing she’d need to come back for her clothes. What he didn’t know was that she was close to the western exit. It would add an extra mile to the trip, but there was a cleansing pool at the midpoint, so she could warm up. 
River felt her way through the labyrinthine corridors of the cave until the glow from the western exit gave her enough light to see. She ran the rest of the way and didn’t stop until she reached the cleansing pool—out of breath and shivering uncontrollably. 
The hot water stung her skin like a swarm of hornets. A cloud of grey mud spread out from her body, contaminating the pool. It would take at least two days for the hot springs to completely purge the mud, but at least it would be clean again. River wished it could wash away her shame. 
As soon as her shivering stopped, River climbed out of the pool and ran for the house.  She’d hoped to make it to her room unseen, but fate wasn’t done punishing her. 
Eli met her at the front door.
“Well, well, well…what have we here?”
“Shut up.” River’s shivering returned. The heated porch stones warmed the air, but the way Eli scanned her naked body chilled her to the bone.
He crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the door jamb, blocking the entrance. His smirk raised the hair on the back of River’s neck. “Where’s the outsider?”
River wasn’t about to confess she’d left Jonathan behind. Eli would demand to know why. “Where’s Reuben?”
“In the smithy, finishing that contraption for your one-handed recruit.” Eli curled his lip, as if he didn’t approve of Reuben’s project.
River wished Reuben were closer, but he wasn’t the only one capable of putting Eli in his place. “And Gabriel?”
Eli shrugged. “I imagine he’s at the mud pit.”
“What?”
“He was looking for you when I got here. Reuben told him you’d gone to the mud pit with your recruit. He didn’t seem too happy about it.” 
A blue glow flickered behind Eli’s eyes. Apparently, he wasn’t too happy about it either. “Reuben should know better than to let you go anywhere unchaperoned with an outsider. They have no honor.”
River’s cheeks flushed with heat. She was the one that had acted without honor, not Jonathan.
The flickering blue light behind Eli’s irises intensified into a steady glow. “Did that filthy outsider touch you?”
It was dangerous to provoke Eli when his wolf was so close to the surface, but as a trained enforcer, he could tell if River were lying. It was better to keep him on the defensive. “If you’re so concerned about my safety, why is Gabriel the only one searching for me?”
River held her breath as Eli struggled to subdue his wolf. She hoped she hadn’t pushed him too far.
He ran a hand through his hair. “Why are you always so bitchy to everyone?”
“I’m only bitchy to you.” River needed to get inside before she froze to death—or picked another fight with Eli. “Get out of my way…please.”
“Your eyes are glowing.” Eli cocked his head to the side. “Have you felt the pull of your wolf again?”
River planted her palms on his chest and shoved him out of her way. “When I do, you’ll be the last to know.”
Jonathan

“River? Jonathan? Where are you?” 
As soon as Jonathan heard Gabriel’s voice, he felt as if he’d been saved from drowning. As if someone had thrown him a lifeline.
“I’m somewhere in the far left tunnel. But I have no idea where River is.”
“Stay put, I’ll come get you.”
The welcome glow of a hurricane lantern preceded Gabriel into the tunnel. He stopped right in front of Jonathan and held the lantern next to his face. “Why isn’t River with you?”
Jonathan stood up and scratched at the dried mud flaking off his skin. “She got mad at me and stomped off deeper into the cave. Do you think she’s lost?”
“We’ve been playing hide and seek in this cavern since we were kids. She probably took the western exit and is already back at the house.” Gabriel chuckled then turned around and headed back the way he’d come. “Her clothes are still by the mud pit. She must have been pretty mad to leave without getting dressed. What happened?”
Jonathan didn’t dare tell anyone that River had kissed him, not even Gabriel. He clapped him on the shoulder and shook his head. “To tell you the truth; I have no idea what’s going on in that girl’s head. But you’re right, she’s definitely mad.” 
Gabriel’s grin split his face. He didn’t quit smiling until they arrived at the mud pit. “Why don’t you get cleaned up. There’s a bathing station around the corner. Pa wants to see you in the smithy.” 
Jonathan grabbed his muddy, ragged towel and followed Gabriel’s directions to the bathing station. The premixed water was just the right temperature. It poured out of a wooden trough in a unified stream instead of a shower, but it couldn’t have felt better. He would have loved to spend an hour under its hypnotic flow, but he knew better than to keep Reuben waiting.
Jonathan had never been inside the blacksmith shop when Reuben was working so he wasn’t prepared for the blast of heat that sucked the air out of his lungs when he opened the door. The geothermally heated boiler in the back corner whistled and groaned, rattling the pipes. Jonathan wondered if Reuben ever inspected his equipment. There were no gauges to measure the pressure inside the boiler. If a rivet popped off, it would be like firing a rifle in close quarters.
The place looked like a steam-punk nightmare; an accident waiting to happen; but its ingenuity amazed Jonathan. Every metal tool, nail, hinge, bolt and spring used on the ranch was made in this primitive shop. But where had the boiler and pipes come from? It was a chicken and egg conundrum. The boiler powered everything, including the squirrel cage fan blowing a steady stream of air across a bed of glowing coals. An even larger fan super-heated the fire inside a clay furnace. The light from its open door stung Jonathan’s eyes. 
Reuben pulled a glowing bar of iron out of the coal bed and pummeled it with his hammer. The clang of metal on metal accented the roar of the furnace. Reuben slid the bar of iron to the end of his anvil and hammered it against the curved point. Sweat ran down his bare chest, staining the bib of his leather apron. 
Jonathan shrugged out of his coat and waited for Reuben to finish what he was doing. The last thing he wanted to do was cause an accident.
Reuben turned around and plunged the horseshoe into a barrel of water, sending a plume of steam into the already sweltering shop. 
The network of scars criss-crossing Reuben’s back sent a chill down Jonathan’s spine. He averted his gaze. Jonathan didn’t like it when people stared at his stump or the jagged scar that ran from his left armpit down his side and over his hip. But that was nothing compared to the puckered flesh on Reuben’s back. 
“Come on in, but don’t touch anything.” Reuben never looked up, so he must have known Jonathan was there all along. The man had a sixth sense when it came to being aware of his surroundings. He would have made a great soldier.
“Gabriel said you wanted to see me.” 
“I do.” Reuben’s muscles bulged as he cranked a metal wheel on the boiler. A cloud of steam shot out of the top. The fan’s blades slowed. The coals dimmed. The roar of the furnace faded. Reuben was shutting down the shop. Jonathan’s stomach twisted into a knot. Was he in trouble?
“I didn’t mean to interrupt your work.”
“Come with me.” Reuben got dressed then led Jonathan back to the house and into his office. He didn’t say a word until he sat down behind his desk. “Close the door and take a seat.” 
Jonathan grabbed a three-legged stool out of the corner of the room. Sweat peppered his upper lip and dampened his brow. He was definitely in trouble, but what had he done? There was no way Reuben knew that River had kissed him—unless she’d stopped by the shop and told him after running out of the cave. Shit.
Reuben leaned to the side and opened a drawer. “I’ve been working on something that might make life a little easier for you.” 
Jonathan arched his eyebrows. “Okay.”
 Reuben set a cloth bag on his desk and grinned like a kid on Christmas morning. “Go ahead, open it.”
Jonathan held the bag still with his stump and untied the drawstring. His throat tightened when he realized what was inside, making it hard to speak. “It’s a prosthesis.”
“River told me about the wonderful device you had when she first met you. I’m sure this thing is primitive in comparison.”
When compared to his robotic iHand, it was definitely primitive, but the design was still ingenious. Jonathan traced one of the sinews from the top of the shoulder harness down through a maze of tiny levers, springs and pulleys to the three-pronged, gold-plated pincer. He tugged on the sinew and watched in amazement as the pincer closed.  “This is amazing. I don’t know what to say.”
Reuben leaned back in his chair and cleared his throat. “It should help you get your chores done a little faster.”
“I’m sure it will.” Jonathan turned it over to get a better look at the mechanics. Sunlight struck the polished surface of the pincer, shooting golden sparks across the walls and ceiling. “I hope I don’t scratch the gold plating.”
Reuben laughed and rolled his eyes. “What makes you think it’s gold-plated.”
“I know what gold looks like.” Jonathan set it down on the desk and stroked the metal with his fingertips. “The McKnights have been miners for generations.” 
Reuben lowered his voice and spoke through clenched teeth. “Do not mention your family.”
Shula had given Jonathan the same warning. “Why not?” 
“There are people in our society that hate the McKnights. If they find out you’re here, your life won’t be worth much.”
“Why? What did my family ever do to you guys?”
“It’s complicated.”
“I’m smarter than I look.”
Reuben frowned as he fought some kind of internal debate. But then he blinked and switched the conversation back to the discussion of gold as if the topic of Jonathan’s family had never come up. “Plating technology requires electricity. Have you seen any electrical appliances since your arrival?” 
Jonathan knew he wouldn’t get any more information about the McKnights from Reuben. He’d ask River about it later…if they were still on speaking terms. 
“Okay then, if it’s not gold-plated, it must be gold-leafed.” 
Reuben smirked and shook his head.
“No way!” Jonathan hefted the device and guessed its weight to be somewhere between eighteen and twenty-four ounces. He cocked his head to the side. At nearly two thousand dollars per ounce that would be…“Holy sh—” 
Reuben leaned forward and placed both hands on the surface of his desk, spreading his fingers.
Gabriel’s warning about swearing sprang to the front of Jonathan’s mind. “I mean…wow.”
Reuben nodded once then leaned back in his chair. “Gold isn’t as hard to come by as you might think. And it’s a lot easier to work with than iron.”
“But isn’t solid gold too soft?”
“I have a certain…knack with all metals.” Reuben smiled. “You aren’t going to damage the device.”
“How did you figure this out?”
“You can thank Eli for that.”
“Eli?” Jonathan had a hard time believing Eli would do anything to help him. Not without some ulterior motive. 
“He drew out a schematic and explained it to me. The boy has a knack for all things mechanical. Take off your tunic and let me help you put it on.” 
Jonathan forced a smile. He didn’t want to owe Eli any favors, but this wasn’t Eli’s gift, it was Reuben’s—and Jonathan did not want to piss off the man that held his fate in his hands. “If you don’t mind, that would be great.”
“If I minded, I wouldn’t have offered.” 
Heat blazed across Jonathan’s cheeks. He handed the priceless prosthetic back to Reuben and removed his shirt.
Even with Reuben’s help, it still took a good ten minutes to get the harness strapped on and fitted correctly. The device opened automatically when Jonathan extended his arm and closed when he pulled back.
“Eli added some rather ingenious features. Would you like me to show you?” Reuben reached across the desk with his hand palm up and raised his eyebrows. 
“I’m not used to this thing yet. I could accidentally pinch you.”
Reuben smirked at him. “I’ll be careful. Extend your arm.” 
Reuben pushed a tiny pin on the side of the device. “Now pull your arm back in.” 
 The pincer remained open, locked in place by the pin.
“Spend a few days getting used to it and then we can make some adjustments to fine tune it.” Reuben stood up, gripped Jonathan’s shoulder and gave it a brief squeeze. “River would like to speak with you before you retire. She’s in her room.”
Jonathan cleared his throat, but his voice still sounded rough. “Thanks. And uh…tell Eli I’m grateful.”
Reuben laced his fingers behind his head and leaned back in his chair. “Tell him yourself.” 
Jonathan knocked on River’s door.
“Come in.” She was sitting on her bed, one foot on the ground, the other tucked under her knee. She’d taken off her vest and unbraided her hair, but she still had her shirt and pants on. She wiped her palms on her thighs and chewed her lower lip. The air crackled with tension.
The harness attached to Jonathan’s new prosthesis dug into his shoulder as he hid the device behind his back. For some reason, he felt self-conscious about River seeing it, as if she didn’t already know he was missing a hand. “Reuben said you wanted to talk to me.” 
River nodded, but didn’t say anything.
Jonathan leaned against the door and waited. 
“I’m sorry, I—” They both spoke at the same time, then grinned. After a couple more false starts, Jonathan inclined his head. “Ladies first.”
“I shouldn’t have…” River bit her lip and inhaled, holding her breath.
“Kissed me?” Jonathan finished the sentence for her so she could breathe.
River’s shoulders slumped as she exhaled. “Yes.”
“Is it okay if I sit down?” Jonathan pointed at River’s bed. It was either that or the hard, stone floor, since the only other furniture in the room was a six drawer dresser. 
She scooted over.
It would be too awkward to try to keep his prosthesis hidden so Jonathan let his left arm hang naturally as he sat down.
River grinned. “I see Reuben finally finished your golden claw.”
Jonathan held it out in front of him. “You knew about this?”
She nodded. “I made the leather cuff.”
“Oh. Um…thanks.” Jonathan swallowed around the lump in his throat. “I can’t tell you how much this means to me.”
“I’m glad you like it.”
Jonathan didn’t want to get all emo in front of River, so he changed the subject. “What happened to Reuben’s back?”
River’s eyebrows shot up. “You mean the scars?”
“Yeah. He wasn’t wearing a shirt in the blacksmith shop. I couldn’t help but notice.” 
“It happened before I was born. Reuben and Shula are full-blood siblings and their mother’s only children. When she died, their father refused to leave his newest concubine’s bed to attend her funeral. She’d been his alpha mate for…a very long time; so the insult was real.” River picked at the wool on her buffalo hide. “Shula ran away. She was gone for three months before the enforcers found her.”
“I thought the punishment for escaping was death.”
“It is. But her father is a very powerful man. He blamed her treason on temporary insanity due to grief and ordered she be whipped instead.”
“So, the rules can be bent.”
“Not for everyone. Not for me. And certainly not for you. If we break the law; we’ll be given the most severe punishment allowed.”
“That still doesn’t explain Reuben’s scars.”
 “I was getting to that.”
“Sorry.” Jonathan flashed his trademark smile of contrition. “I didn’t mean to interrupt. Go ahead.”
“Reuben volunteered to stand in as proxy and took Shula’s punishment.”
“You can do that?”
River nodded. “It doesn’t happen very often. Most people don’t have the courage it takes to sacrifice so much. Reuben will bear Shula’s scars for the rest of his life.”
They were both quiet. Lost in their own thoughts. Jonathan was the first to break the silence. “We need to talk about what happened back at the mud pit. I know kissing me was against the rules, but as long as no one finds out, we’re okay, right?”
River nodded, but refused to meet his gaze.
“I haven’t told anyone, have you?”
River shook her head.
“What else is bothering you?” Jonathan bumped her shoulder with his. “Am I that bad of a kisser?” 
She picked up her pillow and hugged it to her chest—then turned her head away from him and shrugged.
Jonathan was only trying to lighten the mood. He didn’t expect her to agree with him. “Well, to be fair, you sort of took me by surprise.”
River buried her face in her pillow, muffling her words. “You didn’t even try to kiss me back.”
Ah, there it was. Jonathan tugged the pillow away from her face. He brushed a strand of hair off her forehead and tucked it behind her ear. It slipped through his fingers like silk. He wished she’d wear it unbraided all the time. “I wanted to kiss you back, but you pushed me away before I had a chance.”
She lifted her gaze to his and leaned closer. Her warm breath caressed his face. She was so close he could almost taste her. “So, you don’t think I’m a whore?”
“Of course not.” Jonathan had been fighting his feelings for River since the day they met, he couldn’t do it any longer. “Even when you’re fully dressed, all I do is think about what it would feel like to hold you next to me, to touch your face and run my fingers through your hair.” He cupped the back of her head and touched his forehead to hers. “I want to kiss you so much it hurts. And when you’re naked, I want to do a lot more than just kiss you.”
“I want to do more than just kiss you, too.” The tip of her tongue peeked out between her lips. “I won’t push you away again.”
Jonathan groaned. “You can’t say things like that.”
“Why not? It’s true.”
“If it were just my neck, I’d risk it. But I care about you too much to put you in danger.”
“You care about me?” River’s voice rose in pitch. She blinked three times then lifted her chin and gazed into his eyes.
“Of course I care about you.” Jonathan’s throat tightened as he realized the truth of his words. This wasn’t just a physical attraction anymore. It wasn’t a game. Or even a strategy to persuade her to leave with him so he wouldn’t have to kidnap her. He closed his eyes and rocked back and forth. Please don’t make me kidnap you. 
When he opened his eyes, River was right there, staring at him with glowing, purple eyes. This wasn’t just a faint glimmer, like it was in the cave. This was a definite glow. Why wasn’t it freaking him out? The longer he gazed into her strange, glorious eyes, the weaker his resistance became. Maybe she really was an angel.
“I care about you, too. Kiss me. Please.” 
Or a devil. Jonathan wove his fingers through River’s hair as he cupped the back of her head. He knew kissing her was against the rules. Kissing her in her room, on her bed, with Reuben just down the hall was reckless, stupid and dangerous. 
But he did it anyway. 
River

River’s eyes opened wider as Jonathan’s drifted shut. 
He tilted his head to the side and brushed his lips against hers. The kiss was softer than a butterfly’s wings but River felt it all the way to her toes. She closed her eyes and tried to catch her breath as her heart tried to pound its way out of her chest. “Wow.” 
“Was that better?”
River ducked her head and hid behind the curtain of her hair as she peeked at Jonathan. His smile displayed his dimples, but desire burned in his eyes.
The bed shook as a tremor coursed through River’s body. She lifted her chin and met his gaze.
Jonathan’s grin slid off his face. “Your eyes…”
River squeezed them shut. She didn’t have to ask to know that they were glowing with pre-merge fever again. At least she hoped it was pre-merge. She and Jonathan had made a lot of progress, but she doubted he was ready to mate with her.
Jonathan gripped her chin between his thumb and fingers. “Open your eyes.”
River blinked and looked at Jonathan.
He tilted his head to the left. “I’ve seen Reuben’s eyes flash yellow and Eli’s blue. What’s going on? And don’t say ‘nothing.’ I’m not stupid.”
“I can’t tell you.” She dipped her chin and stared at her hands.
“You can tell me anything.” Jonathan stroked her cheek with the back of his fingers. “Your secrets are safe with me.”
As Jonathan’s sponsor, it was River’s responsibility to decide when he was ready to learn the secrets of New Eden and in what order. Some secrets were easier to accept than others. If a new recruit were bombarded with too much information too soon, it could damage them psychologically. Sometimes making them unstable and dangerous to the point that the recruit had to be put down.
That’s why no one was allowed to tell a recruit anything they didn’t already know without their sponsor’s permission. 
It was like training a wild horse. You could starve it and beat it into submission, destroying its spirit, leaving you with a broken and resentful animal that only obeys out of fear. Or you could gain its trust day by day. Introduce new things slowly and in a logical progression that prepares the animal for the next step. And never move to the next step until the previous one has been fully accepted.
Jonathan cupped River’s cheek with his palm, then frowned and moved it to her forehead. “You’re a little feverish. This weird eye flashing thing isn’t caused by some strange disease, is it?”
River wanted to answer Jonathan’s questions, but she didn’t want to destroy the trust they’d built.
“Don’t worry, I’m not contagious.”
“I’m only worried about you.” Jonathan kissed her again. A little longer this time, as if to prove he wasn’t afraid of catching her illness.
That was her answer. “It’s a symptom of the fever.”
“The kind of fever you had back at the quarantine cabin?”
“Yes.”
“Is there anything I can do to help?”
“You could kiss me again.” 
“I want to, believe me. But Reuben knows I’m in here. What are the consequences if we get caught?” 
“Not good.” River closed her eyes and waited until the burning sensation disappeared to open them.
“Your eyes are normal again.”
“It comes and goes. It’s nothing to worry about, I promise.”
“You’re sure?”
River nodded. “You’d better go on to bed.”
Jonathan kissed her forehead then stood up. He paused in the doorway and looked over his shoulder. “Sweet dreams.”
River waited until the door clicked shut then covered her face with her pillow and squealed. It didn’t seem like the right response but she couldn’t help it. When she finally got herself under control, she fell back on her bed and traced her lips with her finger. “Wow.”
Two weeks later, dark purple, yellow and green patches still encircled both of Jonathan’s eyes. His nose was slightly crooked and now had a permanent bump across the bridge. But it only made him more attractive. 
River’s feelings for Jonathan grew more intense every day. Just the sight of him turned her joints to water. But they had to be careful. Eli was still trying to court her. If he found out what was going on, he’d take it personally. And that could only mean trouble.
They couldn’t completely avoid each other. Jonathan was River’s responsibility. If she suddenly ignored him, it would look suspicious. So they kept the gazes full of longing and the accidental touches as they passed to a minimum and pretended to be nothing more than friends—until the next full moon.
Shifters could release their wolves anytime, day or night, but they had no choice when the moon was full. Reuben, Shula and Eli would be out, running with Reuben’s pack, from sunset to sunrise. Quarantine or not.
Jonathan

River stood in Jonathan’s room—naked in the moonlight—an apple in her outstretched hand. Her dark chocolate hair flowed over her shoulders in soft waves, covering her breasts. “It’s your choice. What do you want? Me…or the fruit?”
Jonathan’s mouth watered. He wanted both, but his hunger for River devoured every other appetite. “I choose you.”
“Who are you choosing?” River’s breath tickled Jonathan’s cheek. 
His eyes flew open. 
River was really in his room—fully clothed—leaning over him and smiling.
Jonathan sat up and shoved his pillow into his lap. He’d had the same dream, with the same frustrating results, every night for the past two weeks; ever since he’d kissed River in her bedroom. 
He always chose River in his dream, but he always woke up before he got to enjoy the benefits of that choice. And if that weren’t bad enough, he woke up craving fresh apples.
“Hey, River, what’s up?” Besides me?
She pressed her index finger against her lips and nodded towards Gabriel’s bed. “Get dressed and meet me in the stable.”
There was a full moon, so Jonathan didn’t need a hurricane lamp to get dressed or find his way to the stable. Once he was inside, it was a different story. He couldn’t see a thing.
He jumped when River took his hand. 
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you.”
“That’s okay.”
She wrapped her arm around his waist and guided him forward.
“Can you see where you’re going?” Jonathan didn’t want to step on a rake or run into a pitchfork. 
“I have really good night vision.”
“Is it because of your glowing eyes?”
She didn’t answer, but she might have nodded.
“Um…what are we doing out here?”
“Getting to know each other a little better.”
Jonathan liked the sound of that. “What about Reuben?”
“He’s gone for the night.”
“Patrol duty?”
“Something like that.” River led Jonathan into an empty stall then tugged on his hand. “Sit down.”  
Jonathan grinned when his hand brushed the soft wool of a buffalo hide. “Are you sure we aren’t going to get caught?”
“I’m sure.” River’s hand trembled against Jonathan’s cheek. “I just wanted a chance to talk to you without worrying about someone overhearing us.”
“Oh.” Jonathan couldn’t keep the tension and disappointment out of his voice. When girls ‘wanted to talk,’ it never meant anything good.
River laughed softly then pressed her forehead against his. “I thought we might do a little kissing, too.”
Jonathan grinned as he slid his hand to the back of River’s head. “Now you’re talking.”
Maybe tonight he’d find the courage to confess his plan to run away with River. He needed to do it soon so she could get used to the idea before the pass opened. Every time Jonathan tried to tell her, a little voice of doubt said she’d never agree to leave the only home she’d ever known just to be with him. He wanted to be sure she’d say ‘yes’ before he asked.
He brushed his lips against River’s then kissed the corner of her mouth. 
She turned towards him, seeking his lips, but Jonathan wanted to take things slow. If all they were going to do was kiss—and he had no reason to believe otherwise—he wanted to build up to it. He kissed the tip of her nose, then moved to her temples.
River tried to press her lips against Jonathan’s, but he turned his head so her kiss landed on his cheek. She made the cutest little growling noise. “Why won’t you kiss me?”
Jonathan pulled her earlobe into his mouth and gave it a gentle nip before releasing it. “I am kissing you.”
She melted against him, then pulled back and palmed his cheeks, forcing him to look at her. 
All he could see was her glowing, purple eyes. They still had the same seductive effect on him, if anything it was even more powerful, but he fought it. 
River sighed. “You know what I mean.”
“Yes, I know what you mean.” Jonathan pulled one of her hands off his face and pressed it against his chest, over his pounding heart. “I also know what you want.” He kissed her throat, just below her jaw, and was rewarded with a whimpering sound that nearly destroyed his resolve to take things slow. “But more importantly,” he kissed the dip between her collar bones, “I know what you need.”
Jonathan brushed the hair off her face with his fingertips then slid his hand to the back of her head. He wrapped his left arm around her waist and touched his lips to hers. He moved his mouth, gently at first, giving her time to adjust to the new technique. It didn’t take long. 
She was a fast and eager learner. She ran her hands over his shoulders and back as her lips devoured his.
If River had been any other girl, Jonathan would have at least tried to cop a feel, but she wasn’t any other girl. Sure, he wanted to do more, and he was fairly certain she’d let him, but he didn’t want to pressure her. He kept his tongue in his mouth and his hand on her back. He kissed every inch of exposed skin, but never went lower than her collar bone.
It was the best, and longest, make-out session he’d ever experienced. He wanted it to go on forever, but if they got caught …
“River.” Jonathan broke the kiss and gave her a quick peck on the mouth. “What time will Reuben and Eli be done with patrol?”
She sighed with her whole body. “A little before sunrise. We should probably go back to the house.”
“Probably?” He kissed her again.
Ten minutes later, she came up for air. “Definitely.”
Jonathan stood up and offered River his hand. “Your hair’s a mess.”
She grinned. “So’s yours.”
Jonathan pulled a piece of straw off River’s sleeve. “Maybe we shouldn’t try to sneak back inside. We could get started on our morning chores and pretend we got up early.”
“I need to get my buffalo robe cleaned up and back on my bed.”
Jonathan helped her shake the dust out of it. The straw had to be picked out by hand. They’d never get it done in time. He should have insisted they head back an hour ago. “Look, this isn’t going to work, go grab the hide off my bed and put it on yours.”
“What about you?”
“I’ll claim that Gabriel’s snoring was so loud I couldn’t sleep; so I came out here. The stable’s just as warm as the house.”
“That’s crazy enough it just might work! It’ll even explain the dark circles under your eyes.” 
“What about your dark circles?”
“I had a bout of fever and tossed and turned all night.” River grinned at him, then rose up on her toes and gave him a peck on the mouth. “Give me about twenty minutes to make my bed and start breakfast then come on up to the house.”
Jonathan had only ever beaten Gabriel to the breakfast table once. He’d never beaten Paul or Reuben so he shouldn’t have been surprised when Reuben walked in and started asking questions.
Jonathan gave his answers and hoped they didn’t sound rehearsed. 
Reuben filled his plate with eggs and biscuits then leaned over and kissed the top of River’s hair. He tensed. Every muscle bunched and strained against his clothes. The corded muscles of his neck stood out.
He knows. Jonathan didn’t know how Reuben figured it out. River hadn’t had time to wash her hair. Maybe she smelled like straw, or horses, but she spent more time in the stable than she did in the house so that wasn’t it. Could he smell Jonathan on her? No way. He was just guessing. Or fishing. As long as they didn’t act guilty, he’d never be able to prove anything.
Jonathan scraped the last bit of egg off his plate with a biscuit. He felt Reuben’s eyes boring into the back of his head as he carried his dishes to the kitchen trough. He needed to distract the man. 
“Hey, Reuben, have you ever thought about setting a metal rack in the bottom of the trough to hold the dishes in place while the water flows over them?”
“Why would I do that?”
“Instead of holding the dishes in the stream with your hands, you could just set them in the rack and let the water do all the work.” 
“It’s not that hard to wash them by hand.”
It is if you only have one hand. “You could divert the cold water for fifteen minutes and sterilize the dishes without fear of getting scalded.”
“Hmmm… you might have something there. Draw me a sketch of the rack and I’ll see what I can do.”
Jonathan had only meant to get Reuben’s mind off his suspicions. Getting a steam-punk version of a dishwasher was a bonus.
River joined Jonathan at the kitchen trough. She nudged him with her elbow and whispered, “When you’re done with your drawing, meet me in the hay barn.”
“Are you sure?” Jonathan didn’t want to arouse even more suspicion.
“I have something I want to show you. It won’t take long.”
Jonathan followed Reuben to his office and scratched out a rough sketch of his idea then ran outside to find River. The sun peeked over the eastern rim just as she stepped out of the hay barn. 
Jonathan’s heart stuttered. His appreciation of River’s natural beauty had grown exponentially since the day they met, but her radiance in the morning light stole his breath. 
River grinned and waved when she spotted Jonathan. “I have something for you.”
Jonathan blinked then lowered his gaze from her face to her hands. 
She handed him a long, narrow sack made of buckskin. “Here, you hold it so I can untie the case.”
Jonathan had already guessed what was inside, but when he pulled the longbow out of the bag, his mouth fell open. The wood glowed amber in the sunlight, its surface so highly polished it sent refracted sunbeams dancing across the snow covered ground. 
“I carved and wrapped the grip extra thick so you can use your golden claw to hold the bow. Here, try it.” 
Jonathan centered the bow’s grip inside the pincers of his prosthetic and pulled his arm towards his body. When he felt what he judged to be the right amount of tension to hold the bow steady, he pressed the correct pin to lock everything in place.
“I made a bow stringer so you can do it yourself.” River handed him a cord made of plied sinew; a small leather cone attached to each end. She slipped the cones over the tips of the bow. “Let the stringer hang down to the ground and step on it, right in the middle, then pull the bow toward your chest.”
Jonathan was surprised by how easily the bow bent.
River slipped the loop of the bowstring into the notched end at the tip of the bow then removed the stringer. 
“You don’t even need a wrist guard.” River smiled and tapped the leather cuff that made up the socket of his prosthetic hand. 
The easy and natural way River accepted his disability warmed Jonathan’s heart. “This is beautiful. Did you make it?” 
“Gabriel helped. He’s much better at chasing the grain than I am. My specialty is arrows.” She handed him a leather quiver with six mismatched arrows. “I need to measure your draw length before I make your arrows. I borrowed a few for you to practice with. The ones with whittled tips are for target practice, but this one…” she handed him an arrow with a lethal stone point, “…is for hunting.” 
Jonathan was awestruck by the craftsmanship of both the bow and arrows. “I don’t know what to say.”
She grinned at him. “You like it?”
“Are you kidding me? I love it. Show me how to shoot it.”
They spent the entire morning slinging arrows. River was a patient and competent teacher. Time stood still as they shot at the target, which was nothing more than an old shirt stuffed with hay and marked with a quarter-sized stain of blackberry juice. Ninety percent of River’s arrows hit the mark. Ninety percent of Jonathan’s didn’t even hit the shirt. “I think I need a little motivation.”
River arched her eyebrows. “More than beating me?”
“You’re a better shot than Eli, there’s no way I’m ever going to beat you.” Jonathan scanned the area then slipped his arm around River’s waist from behind. He leaned over and pressed his cheek next to hers. “How about, I get a kiss for every arrow that hits the target?”
“You haven’t come close to hitting the target.”
“I’ve got five arrows in that shirt right now.”
“Pfft.” River looked over her shoulder at him and rolled her eyes. “The stain is the target, not the tunic.”
“Are you saying you don’t want my kisses?”
The tip of River’s tongue darted between her lips. She turned around in his arms and faced him. “Well, you are a beginner… I guess it’s only fair.”
By noon, Jonathan could barely lift his bow much less draw it, but River showed no signs of fatigue. Jonathan didn’t want to appear weak in front of her, but his trembling muscles made his arrows fly even wilder than when they’d begun.
River put a hand on his shoulder. “I think that’s enough for today.”
“I don’t understand why you’re so much stronger. I have twice the muscle mass you do.”
“I’m not stronger. My bow is weaker.” 
Jonathan narrowed his eyes. “How much weaker?”
“A lot.”
“Let me see that.” Jonathan released the pin holding his prosthesis closed and traded bows with River.
“Don’t draw past the tip of the arrow. Shooting yourself in the hand won’t hurt you.” She pointed at his prosthetic. “But it will break the arrow.”
Jonathan drew the bow with ease, focused on the blackberry stain, and loosed the arrow. It didn’t hit the mark, but it was only a couple of inches off. He smirked at River. “See if you can match that.”
She reached for her bow, but Jonathan held it over his head. “Use mine.”
She cocked an eyebrow and smirked at him, then took his bow, nocked an arrow, and hit the bull’s-eye dead center.
River

Jonathan’s golden claw dug into River’s lower back as he pulled her closer. She barely noticed. His real hand had her full attention.
The sound of a childish giggle stopped River’s heart. 
Jonathan sprang away from her and whirled around. “Hey Paul, what’s up, little man?” 
“You guys are in trouble.”
River leaned over and picked her bow up off the ground, hoping to send enough blood back to her brain to keep from passing out. It didn’t work. She swayed then grabbed Jonathan’s arm to steady herself. “Paul, you can’t tell anyone—”
“Wait.” Jonathan whispered in River’s ear as he guided her to a tree stump and helped her sit down. “Let’s see what he says before we confess anything.”
He dropped to one knee and put his hands on Paul’s shoulders. “Why are we in trouble?”
“You didn’t do your morning chores.”
River’s body trembled as relief flooded her veins.
Jonathan chuckled and messed Paul’s hair.
Paul ducked away from him and pointed his finger at Jonathan. “And you aren’t supposed to kiss River. She belongs to Eli.”
River dropped her face into her hands. This was a disaster. She took a deep breath as she lifted her head. “I don’t belong to anyone. Eli doesn’t even have a courtship contract.”
“That’s what Aunt Shula said.”
“Aunt Shula?” River jumped to her feet. “When did you see Aunt Shula?”
“Just now. She’s arguing with Pa. She wants you to mate with Eli after you—” Paul sucked his lips into his mouth and glanced at Jonathan then stage-whispered, “After you…you know.”
Walnut sized knots formed on Jonathan’s jaw. River hoped he was focused on the ‘mating with Eli’ part of Paul’s declaration and not his attempt to cover the fact he’d nearly blurted out a secret.
 River gripped Paul’s shoulders and leaned over until she was face to face with him. “I need you to help Jonathan gather up all the arrows. You’ll have to look hard. Most of his are behind the target.”
Paul grinned at her. “If I find more arrows than Jonathan, he has to do my chores.” 
“Sounds good to me.” River hugged Paul to her chest and mouthed a warning to Jonathan. “Keep him away from Eli. I’m going to talk to Reuben.”
Jonathan pressed his lips into a hard line and shook his head. 
River knew Jonathan well enough to know he didn’t want her to face Reuben without him. She also knew the best way to gain his cooperation. 
She held Paul at arm’s length and even though she spoke directly to him, the message was for Jonathan. “I know how hard it is to keep a secret, but if Eli ever finds out that I kissed Jonathan, he’ll whip me.”
Jonathan grabbed River’s arm and pulled her to her feet. “Over my dead body.”
She kissed Jonathan’s cheek then whispered, “You have to let me talk to Reuben, alone. Keep Paul away from Eli, at least until I have Reuben’s protection.”
Jonathan’s shoulders slumped as he exhaled. He pressed his forehead against River’s and nodded. 
She felt a little guilty for manipulating Jonathan. But it was his safety, not hers, that she needed to secure.
Chapter Nine
Forbidden Fruit

By the time River got to the house, Shula was already gone. She took a deep breath and knocked on Reuben’s office door.
“Come in.”
River closed the door then leaned her back against it. “Paul said that Shula was here.”
“She was.” Reuben’s chair creaked as he shifted his weight. “She’s determined that you become Eli’s alpha mate.”
River grabbed the three-legged stool out of the corner and sat down. She folded her arms and rested them on Reuben’s desk. “That’s only because she thinks I can advance Eli’s political career.”
“Why would she think that?”
River bit her lip, then decided to trust Reuben with her secret. “My spirit guide is a white wolf.”
“What!” Reuben stood up, nearly knocking his chair over.
River leaned back, involuntarily. “I should have told you immediately, but Shula convinced me that you would kill my white wolf to protect me from the zealots inside Sanctuary Mountain. It took me a while to figure it out, but I think Shula wants me to mate with Eli so she can pretend it’s some sort of omen. But I don’t want to mate with Eli, I want Jonathan.”
River drew a quick breath. She’d delivered that entire speech without pausing for air.
Reuben’s face drained of color, leaving behind a chalky pallor. He stared at River as if she’d grown a second head.
She swallowed, hard. “Say something.”
Reuben dropped into his chair. “I can’t believe it’s true.”
River hadn’t expected Reuben to support her choice. But she hadn’t expected the news to shake him up quite so badly, either. “Jonathan’s everything Eli isn’t…strong, gentle, courageous, kind, honorable, humble. The way he lets Paul follow him around like a lost pup, answering all his questions about the outside world without ever losing patience proves he’ll make a wonderful father. Eli is an arrogant jackass.” 
“You don’t understand.”
“I know he’s an outsider and his life expectancy isn’t even a quarter of mine, but I don’t care. None of us know how long we have. I could die tomorrow. And some alpha might commit a capital crime during Jonathan’s lifetime and give him the gift of the wolf to lessen the impact on his family. I know the waiting list is long, and I’m not counting on that happening, but I won’t sacrifice the happiness I have today because of an uncertain future.” 
River wished she’d never felt the pull of her wolf. She wished she were one of the unblessed that would live and age like outsiders and recruits. She could refuse to merge with her wolf when it called again, but since she’d already had pre-merge fever, she’d die within twenty-four hours.
“River.”
“I’ll cherish every second of my time with Jonathan—no matter how short that time might be. I’m too much in love with him to mate with anyone else.” River’s heart pounded as she tried to catch her breath. She prayed Reuben wouldn’t fight her decision.
“Sit down. I need to explain something to you.”
River took her seat and tucked her hands under her thighs. 
Reuben lifted his gaze to the ceiling. “A long time ago, when I was a young man, not much older than Gabriel, Zebulon did something so horrible, so evil, that very few people even know about it.”
“What did he do?” A shiver ran down River’s spine.
“Before Zebulon was selected as high-alpha, another man was chosen.”
“Who?”
“Zebulon’s youngest brother, Ephraim.” Reuben scrubbed his face with his palms. “He was fourteen. He hadn’t even merged yet, but he was already bigger and stronger than most men twice his age.”
“Like Gabriel.”
Reuben smiled. “Yes, a lot like Gabriel.”
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to interrupt.” 
“Zebulon’s father, Benjamin, was the high-alpha and nearing the end of his life. Zebulon was the oldest son. He was already over two hundred years old, a powerful alpha, and he’d proven he could sire a full-blood son.” Reuben paused, as if checking to see if River was paying attention.
“You were the full-blood son.”
“Yes. Everyone expected Benjamin to name Zebulon as the next high-alpha. So it was quite a shock when we all gathered in the ceremonial chamber to witness him bestow the birthright and he commanded Ephraim to kneel before him instead of Zebulon. No one dared contradict the high-alpha. He bestowed the birthright upon Ephraim in front of his posterity, the high-council and the most influential citizens of New Eden.”
“What happened to Ephraim?” River leaned forward.
“When Benjamin died, two years later, Zebulon and a few of his closest allies kidnapped Ephraim. They took him to what was then Denver City. They gave him a new name and documents to prove he was an immigrant. They bought a small farm for Ephraim, then left him to fend for himself.”
“That’s horrible, but I wouldn’t call it evil.”
“He hadn’t merged yet. They got him drunk and paid a whore to see to it that he never would. They shortened his lifespan to that of an ordinary human.”
River crossed her arms over her chest. “How do you know all this?”
“I was there.” Reuben closed his eyes and rubbed his forehead. “I didn’t approve, but I was outnumbered. There was nothing I could do.”
“What does this have to do with Jonathan?”
“He’s a McKnight.”
River’s heart beat faster. She stood up. “What name was Ephraim given?”
“He tried to dig his way back inside Sanctuary Mountain, but never succeeded. He did, however, discover gold. He also took a wife who bore him many sons. Unfortunately, most of them died young. None of them ever merged.”
“Reuben.” River smacked the surface of Reuben’s desk with an open palm. “What was his name?”
“Charles Ephraim McKnight.”
River’s knees buckled. 
Reuben guided her to his chair behind his desk and helped her sit down. “Do you know if Jonathan has mated yet?”
River shook her head. “No.”
Hope blazed in River’s heart as she considered Reuben’s question. If Jonathan hadn’t mated yet, he could still merge with a wolf, extending his lifespan to centuries instead of mere decades.
Reuben knelt in front of River and placed his hands on her knees. “If Jonathan merges, it will lengthen his lifespan, but it will also reveal his true identity to Zebulon.”
“Will he try to harm Jonathan?”
“I have no idea how he’ll react. There’re only a few people that know about Ephraim’s exile. Zebulon and his allies started a rumor that Benjamin was senile when he ordained Ephraim. Since the boy died before he merged, it wasn’t a difficult story to believe. As long as the people that know the truth don’t make a big deal out of it, Jonathan should be safe.” 
“How can I choose? If Jonathan doesn’t merge, he won’t live past his first century. If Zebulon feels threatened, Jonathan won’t live past his first summer.”
“It’s not your decision to make.”
River’s eyes filled with tears. “It’s Jonathan’s.”
Reuben nodded. “The wild pack has been hunting near the eastern rim. Gabriel and I will trap a wolf for Jonathan. Take him to the shepherd’s hut and wait for us there.”
“Will you explain this to him? Including the risks?”
“I’m not his sponsor.” Reuben wiped the tears off River’s face with the pads of his thumbs then opened his desk drawer and pulled out his journal. He opened it, flipped to a page near the front and slid it across the desk. “There’s more. Listen to your heart. You’ll know what to say when the time is right.”
Jonathan

The next morning, River woke Jonathan up an hour before the rooster crowed. He groaned as he rolled over onto his stomach. Hours of archery practice, on top of daily horseback rides and chores had taken a toll on Jonathan’s body. He’d never been so tired and sore in his life. Martial arts tournaments and boot camp paled in comparison.
As the fog of sleep cleared from his mind, Jonathan remembered that Gabriel had left yesterday to search for the goat herd. They had the room to themselves. He grabbed River’s wrist and pulled her onto the bed. He was under the quilt and she was on top of it, but she still refused to let him kiss her. 
“What’s wrong?”
“Reuben’s in his office next door.”
Damn. “What’s he doing up so early?” 
“He says he couldn’t sleep.” River gave Jonathan a quick peck on the lips then opened his door. “Get dressed, grab your bow and meet me in the stable.”
“The stable?” The archery range was only a ten minute hike from the house. 
“We’re going hunting.” River grinned then stepped into the hall, pulling the door shut behind her.
When Jonathan entered the stable ten minutes later, he was surprised to find Eli’s horse, Old Red, with a wooden frame strapped to his back. Sugar and Hot Sauce were tacked up and ready to go. 
River nodded at two leather-bound bundles on the ground. “Can you get the packs on Red for me? They’re a little heavy.”
She wasn’t kidding. Jonathan grunted as he hefted one of the packs and swung it onto the frame attached to Red’s back. “Good grief, River. When you said we were going hunting, I thought you meant for the day. How long are we going to be gone?”
“We’re not coming home until we have what we need. It could take weeks.”
“Just the two of us?”
“Yes.” River averted her gaze and checked Sugar’s left front hoof for the second time.
“Are you sure that’s okay with Reuben?”
“It was his idea.”
Jonathan scratched the stubble on the side of his face. Shaving with a straight razor was too nerve-racking to do it every day. “What about Eli? He’s going to be pissed off if he finds out.”
River guided Sugar’s foot back to the ground then dusted her hands off on the seat of her pants. She turned around and folded her arms over her chest. “Since when do you care what Eli thinks?”
“Since never.” Hope warmed Jonathan’s chest. “What all did you pack?”
“Food, blankets, buffalo hides, extra clothes, a dutch oven, skillet, hunting knives, bows, arrows…”  
Not only did they have everything they needed to survive in the wilderness, they had an excuse in case they ran into a patrol of enforcers.
“What about the quarantine?”
“It’s still in effect, but we’ll stay away from the settlements.” River handed him a red bandanna then tied one around her own neck. “Wear this. It’ll warn anyone we meet to stay away.” 
Awesome. Jonathan couldn’t have planned it better himself. They were going to escape. 
The sound of Gabriel’s off-key singing snapped Jonathan out of his reverie. 
“The moon is full, the wild wolf calls, oh bring my love to me…” 
Gabriel continued to sing, as he dismounted and led Lightning through the open stable doors. “The seasons turn, the fever burns, oh bring my love to—”
Gabriel stopped short when he looked up and spotted River and Jonathan trying not to laugh. His cheeks flamed as he grinned back at them. “I didn’t see you guys.”
River snorted and rolled her eyes. “Obviously.” 
“What’s going on?”
“Jonathan and I are going hunting.”
Gabriel’s eyes widened. “Alone?”
River jammed her fists on her hips. “Yes alone. It’s part of Jonathan’s training.”
Gabriel frowned, pulling his eyebrows together. “Does Pa know?”
River’s eyes flashed purple. “Why don’t you go ask him?”
She wasn’t answering the question, but whether or not she’d actually gotten Reuben’s permission didn’t matter. They weren’t coming back. 
“Why are you so angry?”
“Did you find the goats?”
Gabriel lowered his gaze—obviously and wisely—deciding to abandon his interrogation of River. He led Lightning into his stall then slid a feed bag over his nose. “I picked up the herd’s trail near the pass, but an avalanche blocked half the canyon, including the tunnel.”
Jonathan felt the blood drain from his face. “What does that mean?”
River handed Gabriel one of the scraps of buffalo hide they used to groom the horses then turned around and leaned against the stall door. “The last time this happened, the pass was closed until the middle of June. No one could get in or out. We’re going to have to rely on venison and elk to get us through the winter. It’s a good thing we’re going hunting.”
Jonathan closed his eyes for a moment and swore under his breath. When he opened them, he noticed that not only were River’s eyes purple; they were glowing. In broad daylight. Not a speck of brown remained in her irises.
She fisted her hands and locked her elbows against her body. She shouldered her way past Jonathan, stomping out of the stable with long, jerky strides.
“River, wait.” 
She ducked her chin and ran.
Damn it.
Gabriel slowed his rhythmic swipes over Lightning's back and looked at Jonathan with wide eyes. “What’s her problem?”
“I wish I knew.” Jonathan was pretty sure his reaction to the closed pass had tipped her off; but he wasn’t going to confess that to Gabriel.
“Even if you don’t know what you did, you still need to go apologize. River can hold a grudge forever.”
“Most women can.” Jonathan rested his hand on Saucy’s rump as he walked behind him. “Wish me luck.”
Jonathan caught up with River halfway between the stable and the house. The look of betrayal on her face broke his heart. “I wasn’t going to leave without you.” 
He’d haul her ass out of there, kicking and screaming if he had to. He gripped her shoulder and leaned over to capture her gaze. “I’d never do anything to put you in danger. You know me better than that.”
“I don’t know you at all.” She jerked away from him. “I thought you liked it here. I thought you liked me.” 
“I do like you. I more than like you, but I’m barely surviving here. Do you have any idea how hard it is to mount a horse or wash dishes or even get dressed with this thing?” He held up his claw. “I appreciate the thoughtfulness and all the effort that went into creating this, but it can’t compete with my myoelectric prosthesis.”
River narrowed her eyes. “I’m sorry we can’t compete with all your pollution-spewing, world-killing gadgets.”
“My prosthesis is not a gadget and it runs on rechargeable batteries. It doesn’t pollute anything.” Jonathan’s emotions had hit too many extremes in too short a time. Learning he was trapped until spring was bad enough, but getting the news half an hour after the high of thinking he was going home was devastating. And now River was criticizing him because he missed his prosthesis?
“You’ve never had real shampoo or toothpaste or electricity or toilet paper so you don’t know what you’re missing. I do. I miss movies and television and computers. I miss jeans with zippers and t-shirts and underwear.”
River’s eyes flashed. Normally, her glowing, purple eyes made Jonathan horny as hell. Not this time.
Her lips parted, but only for a moment. She slammed her mouth shut and flared her nostrils. The clouds of steam billowing out her nose into the frigid air reminded Jonathan of a raging bull in a Saturday morning cartoon. If he weren’t so upset, the sight would have made him laugh; but it only added fuel to his anger.
“I miss salads and fresh fruit and vegetables that don’t come out of a glass jar. I miss milk and orange juice and Lucky Charms and peanut butter. I miss Red Bull and Skittles and Midnight Milky Ways. I dream about food every, single night.” Jonathan tilted his head back and yelled at the sky. “What I wouldn’t give for just one lousy apple!” 
He could have continued his litany of everything he missed for another ten minutes, but when he glanced at River and saw her eyes sparkling with unshed tears, his anger evaporated. 
He lowered his voice. “I miss my family. My parents have already lost one son. Do they have to lose another?”
“At least you’re alive.” River blinked. Another tear leaked out of the corner of her eye. “If you run away, the council will kill me.”
“Not if you come with me.”
River lunged towards him.
Jonathan braced himself, expecting her to shove him or pummel him with her fists. 
But instead of attacking him, she fell into his arms and buried her face in his shoulder. Her warm breath tickled the side of his neck and tightened his abs. 
“I’d go with you if I could. But I can’t.”
Jonathan cupped the back of River’s head in his hand. “Why not?”
“As my guardian, Reuben’s responsible for everything I do.” 
“So, you’re sort of like his recruit?”
“It’s worse.” River clenched her fists in Jonathan’s shirt. “If I ran away, the council would rule that Reuben’s failure to control me is proof that his sons aren’t being raised properly. They might foster Paul with another family since he’s young enough to be retrained, but Gabriel is too close to adulthood. They would put him to death.”  
“Someone needs to clean out this den of vipers.” 
“That someone is you.”
“Me?” Jonathan had expected River to rip him a new one for breathing such treasonous blasphemy; not volunteer him for the job. 
River licked her lips and took a shuddering breath. Her whole body trembled. 
Jonathan recognized her mixed emotions. He’d seen the same look of quiet desperation warring with pride and hope in Dad’s eyes the day he and Franklin deployed.
She lifted her gaze to Jonathan’s and cupped his cheek in her palm. “You are a son of Ephraim.”
Jonathan shook his head. “I don’t know what Gabriel told you, but it’s not true.”
“Gabriel didn’t tell me anything. Reuben did.”
Jonathan felt betrayed, but didn’t hold it against the kid for sharing his theory with his father. Jonathan would have done the same at his age. “Just because some guy at church declares I belong to the tribe of Ephraim doesn’t mean I’m the savior of New Eden.”
“What do you mean some guy at church? I’m talking about the fact that you are a descendant of Charles Ephraim McKnight.”
“That doesn’t prove—whoa. Who told you that?” Jonathan hadn’t mentioned anything about his great-great-grandfather. 
“Reuben.”
“How the hell did he know?”
“He knew him.”
“That’s not possible. Charles Ephraim McKnight died over a hundred years ago.”
River swiped tears out of her eyes. “I’m supposed to guide you to the truth, step by step. But I’m messing everything up. It’s all out of order.”
Curiosity was killing Jonathan, but River was shaking like a leaf. He didn’t want to cause her any more stress. He wrapped his arms around her and held her against his chest. “It’s okay. You can tell me as much or as little as you want.”
“Zebulon is our leader. Everyone’s afraid of him. Even the high-council answers to him. My people have suffered under their rule for too long. It’s time for a change.”
“If we can find a way out of here before they open the mountain, we could notify the authorities about what’s going on. They could rescue everyone before Zebulon and the council even know we’re gone. They won’t have a chance to pass judgment on Reuben or Gabriel.”
River pushed away from Jonathan. “And you think Reuben and Gabriel are going to welcome government invaders into New Eden with open arms?”
“If they knew that they were trying to save them…then yeah, I think they would.”
“You’re wrong. They won’t tolerate outside interference from your government.” River’s eyes overflowed. She swiped the tears off her cheeks and threw her shoulders back. “They would fight until their last breath. So would Paul. So would every man, woman and child. There’d be no one left to rescue.”
“My government doesn’t kill children.”
“Even if the children are filling them full of arrows?”
Arrows wouldn’t pierce body armor, but Jonathan couldn’t guarantee that a soldier or an FBI agent wouldn’t return fire just because the enemies weapons were ineffective. The government didn’t exactly have a stellar record when it came to cults. New Eden would be worse than Waco and Ruby Ridge combined. 
“I can’t take on all of New Eden by myself, but if I can recruit a few good men, like Reuben, to help me, maybe we can cut the head off the serpent.”
River flung her arms around Jonathan. “I’m scared.”
Jonathan didn’t believe in New Eden’s legends. But he did believe in defending the oppressed. 
He’d enlisted in the army to fight against tyranny. He’d gone halfway around the world to do it and failed. And here it was again, right in his own backyard. He gazed into River’s blazing eyes, full of hope, faith and courage and found something he could believe in. Something worth fighting for. Maybe he could even believe in himself again. “All it takes for evil to succeed; is for good men to do nothing.”
River

The fire in Jonathan’s eyes frightened River. It was too easy to get caught up in the excitement of legends, prophecies and promises. What if Jonathan was right. What if it were all nothing but a huge coincidence? What if he was only a man? A fragile human? If he tried to merge with a wolf, the beast would kill him with one snap of its jaws. Why did Jonathan want to risk his life to get rid of Zebulon. He had no love for New Eden. He’d leave tonight if River agreed to go with him. And may the almighty Alpha forgive her, she wanted to. If it weren’t for Reuben, Gabriel and Paul, she’d do it. She’d leave with Jonathan and never look back.
Shame heated River’s cheeks. The people of New Eden deserved better than that. So did Jonathan. He had no idea what he was getting into. He didn’t know the true nature of his enemies. Or even his friends. It wasn’t fair to let him make such a commitment until he did know.
River wanted to tell Jonathan everything, but she knew in her heart he wasn’t ready. If he were a son of Ephraim, why hadn’t the almighty Alpha given him a better sponsor? Someone like Reuben, or even Shula? She was scary, arrogant and manipulative, but she’d know how to turn a naive recruit into a general. River did not. And her ignorance could cost Jonathan his life.
 He tucked a strand of hair behind River’s ear then trailed his fingers down her neck. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing. Everything.”
She tried to ignore the sparks Jonathan’s touch ignited and studied his face. He wasn’t ready for this challenge. Neither was she. But something had brought them together at this time, in this place and under these circumstances. 
Whether it was part of some divine plan, or nothing but pure dumb luck, River and Jonathan were in this together. And isn’t that what she wanted? River smiled as she recalled the words she’d used to persuade Reuben to let her mate with Jonathan. I won’t sacrifice the happiness I have today because of an uncertain future. I’ll cherish every second of my time with Jonathan—no matter how short that time might be.
Jonathan kissed River’s forehead. “Do you still want to go hunting?”
“More than anything. Get the horses and meet me at the house. I want to get something before we leave.” River couldn’t replace Jonathan’s fancy, mechanical hand or his family, she couldn’t protect him from the dangers of her world, or let him return to his own, but there was one thing she could give him. 
She hid the surprise in Old Red’s pack while Jonathan was distracted; trying to mount Saucy from the right. Something he tried—and failed—to do every time they went riding. Reuben had warned him not to use his golden claw to mount Saucy. If it got tangled in his mane, it would spook the horse and Jonathan wouldn’t be able to free himself. 
Saucy was just as stubborn as Jonathan and refused to let him mount from the wrong side. River had offered to help him train the horse, but Jonathan’s stubborn streak prevailed. He’d insisted he could do it himself.
Jonathan finally gave up and climbed onto the porch railing so he could mount from the left. He nudged Saucy into a trot, moving with the horse instead of bouncing all over his back.
River rode up next to him and smiled. “Your riding skills have improved.” 
“I still can’t believe you guys don’t use saddles.”
“Some of the wealthier citizens do. But it’s an unnecessary barrier between the horse and rider.” 
“At least you use hackamores.”
River tied her reins in a loose knot and dropped them onto Sugar’s neck. She held her hands out to the side and used her  heels to guide Sugar in a tight circle around Jonathan and Saucy. She edged Sugar closer to Saucy, matching his pace exactly. “Not when I’m hunting.”
Jonathan’s eyes widened. “Why not?”
“It’s a little hard to draw a bow with one hand.” She pantomimed the action.
“Tell me about it.”
River laughed. “I keep forgetting you only have one.”
“I’ll take that as a complement.” Jonathan’s grin flashed his dimples. “So, where are we going?”
“East. There’s a shepherd’s hut on the ridge. You can see the city lights from there. It’s amazing.” And she was definitely feeling a pull in that direction. 
“We can see Denver?” 
“Red Cliff.” 
Jonathan coughed, obviously trying to cover a laugh.
“What’s so funny?”  
“You’re so cute. Red Cliff isn’t a city. It’s hardly even a town. If you blink when you drive through it, you’ll miss it.” 
“Well, at least I’m not so cute as to believe I could see all the way to Denver.” 
Neither of them said much during the long ride, but it wasn’t surprising considering all they had to think about. They arrived at the eastern ridge just before sunset. River slid off Sugar and dug the sack containing the feed bags, oats and grooming supplies out of the pack on Red’s back. “Go fire up the stove then get these packs off Red while I take care of Sugar and Saucy.” 
Jonathan groaned and slumped forward, dropping his chin to his chest.
“Fine. I’ll do it myself.” River threw the sack on the ground then yanked on one of the ropes tied to the packs. Jonathan was willing to go to war for her, but he was too lazy to light a fire?
Red turned his head and looked at River as if to complain about her rough treatment. She patted his shoulder. “Sorry, boy. I’m just tired and I can’t seem to get any help.”
“River?”
“What!”
“I’m happy to help, but I don’t think I can get down without my legs collapsing the second my boots hit the ground.”
River’s anger dissolved. She kept forgetting that Jonathan wasn’t used to riding for more than an hour or two a day. She rested her forehead on Red’s shoulder. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay.” Jonathan’s voice was quieter than usual and heavy with more than just physical exhaustion. “Stress can make even the best of us cranky. We’ve both had a lot dumped on us lately.”
“I didn’t mean to be cranky.” River sighed. She didn’t mean to do that either. “If we don’t get a fire going in the stove soon, we’ll have to share a bed to keep from freezing to death.” 
“That’s not exactly motivating me to light a fire.” The right side of Jonathan’s mouth curled into a crooked grin. 
River needed to be careful. They couldn’t mate until after they’d merged with their wolves. But she needed to encourage Jonathan so he’d be ready when the time came. “You can share my bed, but you’ll have to use your own buffalo robe.”
Jonathan slid off Saucy, holding onto his mane until he managed to straighten his legs. “I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“Then why did you suggest it?”
“I didn’t.” Jonathan grabbed a log off the woodpile stacked against the hut and cradled it in his left arm. He paused in the doorway, then turned around and flashed his dimples at her with a wicked grin. “You did.”
Jonathan

Jonathan chuckled as he pulled the door shut. The look on River’s face was priceless. He hoped she knew he was just teasing her. She’d been extremely moody the past couple of days. He assumed it was because of that whole “son of Ephraim” theory. How long had she known about it? Or maybe she had PMS. Man, he hoped not. If that’s what had her panties in a wad, he was in big trouble. River had never mentioned her monthly cycles, and for that Jonathan was grateful. Carrie had complained for a week before hers and every day during it. Which meant she was a total bitch fifty percent of the time.
Well, whatever was causing River’s problems, he needed to apologize for being such a dick when he learned the pass was closed. He also needed to be sure he had a roaring fire going in the stove before she finished with the horses.
The stove inside the hut was similar to the one in the quarantine cabin, but not identical. Jonathan raised the lever controlling the flue, and stacked the wood the way Gabriel had shown him, which was exactly opposite of what he’d always been taught. But he had to admit, the upside down, log cabin stacks burned better and longer than anything he’d ever done in Boy Scouts. It took him awhile to create enough sparks to ignite the dry leaves with a flint, but he wouldn’t have been able to do it at all without the prosthesis that Reuben and River had made for him. Another twinge of guilt pinged his conscience. He shouldn’t have compared the “golden claw” she was so proud of to his robotic prosthesis. Talk about rude. He had some major sucking up to do.
Jonathan closed the stove door then went outside but River was already gone. He wrestled the packs off Red’s back and put them inside, then followed the trail River and the other two horses made in the snow to a barn at the edge of the forest. 
Sugar and Saucy had their noses buried in feed bags. Red nickered a greeting, but the other two horses didn’t even look up.
River gave Sugar one last swipe over her right flank then handed Jonathan the scrap of buffalo hide. “I’ve already taken care of Sugar and Saucy. Can you rub Red down, or are you too tired?”
“I’m fine. And I’m sorry about being such a jackass earlier.”
River wiped her brow with her forearm. “We’re both exhausted. Let’s just take care of the horses, light the stove, grab a bite to eat and go to bed. We’ll both feel better after a good night’s rest.”
“I already built a fire in the stove. So that’s one less chore we have to do.”
They were about halfway to the hut when River slipped her hand around Jonathan’s arm. “I thought you said you lit the fire.”
“I did.”
“There’s no smoke coming out of the chimney.”
As soon as he opened the door, Jonathan realized his mistake. Instead of opening the flue, he’d closed it.
They coughed and laughed as they fanned the smoke out of the hut with a buffalo hide. The campfire smell lingered even after the air cleared but it wasn’t unpleasant.
River grabbed a couple of leather bags from the pile of stuff Jonathan had unloaded off of Red’s back. She handed one of the bags to him then tossed the other one onto the bed next to the window and sank down beside it.  She pulled a chunk of jerky out and tore into it.
Jonathan flopped onto the other bed, next to the door, and shoved his hand into his food sack. He was so hungry, even the tough-as-a-boot jerky River was gnawing on looked good.
He froze when his fingers brushed against something cold, smooth and round. No. It couldn’t be…could it? His throat tightened as he gazed at the small, misshapen, bright red apple. He lifted it to his face and closed his eyes as he inhaled, savoring the aroma. When he opened his eyes he found River staring at him.
She blinked then lowered her gaze and picked at the wool on her buffalo hide. “I know it’s not what you’re used to. You don’t have to eat it if you don’t want it. ”
“Oh I want it alright. It’s just so…” Jonathan’s voice cracked, “…unexpected.” He couldn’t wait to bite into it. “Where’s yours?”
“I don’t have one.”
“Don’t you like apples?”
“There’ll be more next fall.” 
River didn’t have a local grocery store with fresh produce shipped in from all over the world. When they ran out of something, it was gone.
“Is this what you went back inside the house to get?”
She nodded.
The memory of his earlier rant shamed Jonathan. He could barely speak over the lump in his throat. He patted the spot next to him on the bed. “Everything’s sweeter when you share it.”
River chewed her lower lip as she crept across the room like a frightened deer. She looked so vulnerable. 
A desire to protect her at all costs swept over Jonathan. Other, less honorable, desires surfaced when she sat down beside him and licked her lips. 
He smiled and handed her the apple. “Ladies first.”
He’d given her the first bite as a gentlemanly gesture, but when she closed her eyes and moaned, he nearly came undone. He felt like Satan himself in the Garden of Eden as he stared at the juice running down her chin. 
Jonathan wanted to lick it off her face, but River beat him to it.
“Your turn.” 
Instead of taking the apple, Jonathan grabbed River’s wrist and ate out of her hand. A symphony of flavors exploded across his tongue. 
Even though he’d witnessed River’s sensual reaction when she tasted the fruit, he was unprepared for his own. His eyelids drifted shut. “If the forbidden fruit in the Garden of Eden tasted half as good as this, I don’t blame Adam and Eve for giving in to temptation. Anything this delicious has to be a sin.” 
“I agree.” River brushed her fingertips across Jonathan’s chin, just beneath his lower lip, then popped them into her mouth. Her little sighs of pleasure as she sucked the juice off her fingers drove him crazy.
Jonathan reached behind his back; but he wasn’t in his own bed. There was no pillow to cover his lap. He shifted his hips and hoped River kept her eyes on the apple.
She was too naive to know what she was doing. They hadn’t even French kissed yet. Jonathan wanted to take things slow with River, but she was obviously ready for the next level.
He waited for her to wipe the juice off her chin again; then grabbed her wrist before she could stick those pretty little fingers back in her mouth.
“My turn.”
He smiled when River’s pulse quickened beneath his fingertips. Her eyes widened as he pulled her hand towards his mouth then fluttered shut as he sucked the juice from her fingers. They were both trembling before he finished. 
River slid her fingers out of Jonathan’s mouth, down his chin, over his Adam’s apple, onto his chest. “Oh, Jonathan, what am I going to do?”
He stroked her jaw with the back of his knuckles. “What do you want to do?”
River

“I…I want…” River couldn’t catch her breath. There wasn’t enough room in her chest. This feeling, this desire, was stronger than anything she’d ever felt before. It was even stronger than the pull of her wolf had been. “I want…”
Jonathan rested his forehead against hers. “Me, too.”
“Kiss me.” 
“As you wish.” Jonathan pulled the strip of leather holding her braid out of her hair. He unwound the plait, running his fingers through the strands until her hair fell in loose waves down her back, past her hips. He cupped the back of her head then brushed his lips across hers. The kiss started out the same as all the others; soft, gentle, tentative, then built in pressure and intensity. Jonathan pulled her closer and slid his tongue over her bottom lip.
River’s eyes flew open. 
Jonathan stopped and dropped his hand. “Was that too much?”
“No. Just…unexpected.” River smiled as she repeated Jonathan’s words, then grabbed his face with both hands and pressed her mouth against his. 
Jonathan smiled against her lips.
This wasn’t supposed to be funny. River pulled back.
Jonathan tangled his fingers in her hair and held her head in place. “Don’t interrupt me when I’m kissing you.” 
River didn’t usually like to be bossed around, but Jonathan’s alpha attitude made her entire body quiver.
Jonathan licked her lower lip again, but this time River was ready for it. She wasn’t ready when he slid his tongue into her mouth, but at least she didn’t startle like a frightened rabbit. It took less than a second for her own instincts to take over. She chased his tongue with hers and smiled when he trembled. Jonathan tasted like apples…only better. River couldn’t get enough. 
Jonathan tilted his head and pursued her lips from a slightly different angle. Time stood still, then raced ahead as they explored each other’s mouths. 
Jonathan pulled away and searched River’s eyes. “Are you okay?”
River’s heart raced. Her breath came in shallow, rapid gasps. Her skin burned with fever. But she’d never felt better. “I’m fine. Are you?”
Jonathan quirked the side of his mouth into a lopsided smile, flashing a single dimple. “I’m so much better than fine.”
“How many women have you mated with?”
Jonathan’s dimple disappeared as his smile faded. “That’s kind of personal.”
“I know. And I’m sorry for asking, but it’s important.”
He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. “I don’t have any sexually transmitted diseases. I promise.”
“Are you a virgin?”
“Yeah, but just barely.”
“What does that mean?” Either he’d mated or he hadn’t.
“I’ve messed around a lot, but never quite made it to home base.”
“Home base?”
“This is first base.” He kissed her lips then nibbled a trail of fire down her throat. “Sex is home base.”
“What’s between first base and sex?” River’s voice sounded faint and breathy to her own ears.
“A whole lot of fun stuff.” Jonathan slid his hand under River’s tunic and stroked the skin beneath her breast. “This is pretty close to second base.”
River trembled.
Jonathan slid his hand to her waist. “Do you want me to stop?”
“No.” River’s skin felt as if it were on fire, but she wanted more of his heat. “Are you getting hot?”
Jonathan’s grin displayed both dimples. “You have no idea.”
“I’m burning up. Do you mind if I take off my vest?”
“Not at all.” Jonathan’s eyes dilated as he watched River remove her vest. His nostrils flared. “Do you mind if I take off mine?”
Instead of answering, River untied his vest with trembling fingers then slid it off his shoulders.
Jonathan used his golden claw to remove it the rest of the way. He dropped it on the floor then raised his eyebrows. “How about the shirt?”
River nodded and raised her hands to the drawstring of her tunic.
Jonathan grabbed her wrist. “I meant mine.”
River’s face burned even hotter. “I keep forgetting that you aren’t used to naked breasts. Have you never watched a woman nurse a baby?”
Jonathan’s cheeks reddened. “I try really hard not to. And most women are pretty modest about nursing in public. They cover themselves and their babies with blankets.”
“Even during the summer?” River loosened the drawstring of Jonathan’s tunic and pulled it off over his head. His sleeve got tangled in his golden claw.
Jonathan tugged it free. “Yes, even in the summer.” 
River ran her hands over Jonathan’s chest.
He stiffened and inhaled through his teeth when she touched the leather strap that held his golden claw to his body like a harness.
River lifted her gaze to meet his. “May I remove it?”
He nodded.
His skin was rubbed raw under the harness buckles. “Oh Jonathan. Why didn’t you tell me this was hurting you?”
“It’s not that bad.”
“I should have padded it.”
“You can do that?”
“Didn’t you notice the felt pads on the pack frame Red carried?”
“I guess not.”
She traced around the raw spot on his collar bone. “I don’t want you to wear your claw again until these sores heal.”
“That’s going to make it kind of hard to hunt. I can’t hold my bow without it.”
River smiled. “I doubt if you’d be able to hit anything.”
“Hey! I’ve gotten pretty good. I hit the target nearly every time now.”
“Shooting a live animal is a lot different from shooting a target.”
Fine lines appeared around Jonathan’s eyes and mouth. His brow furrowed. “It can’t be any harder than shooting a man.”
Even with the constant reminder of his missing hand, River had forgotten that Jonathan was a soldier. He hadn’t mentioned it since he’d told her about his brother’s death. “Have you ever killed a man?”
Jonathan lowered his gaze from River’s face to the floor.
She instantly regretted her tactless question; but Jonathan answered before she could apologize.
“We were coming back to base. I caught a flash of something in the trees with my peripheral vision. Probably the sun hitting the barrel of his weapon. He must have seen me flinch or something. He got off a round before I dropped him, but he didn’t hit anyone. 
“We did a sweep but didn’t find anyone else. Just that damn kid. He couldn’t have been more than fifteen. I can’t help but think he wouldn’t have fired if I hadn’t spotted him.” 
Jonathan returned his gaze to River’s face, but his eyes remained unfocused. “There were others, but that’s the one I can’t get out of my head.”
River cupped his cheeks in her palms. “You had no choice. You had to defend yourself and your fellow soldiers.”
Jonathan nodded. 
River wanted to wash all thoughts of war and killing from Jonathan’s mind. He would have to kill again before the people of New Eden were free from Zebulon’s rule. She already held his face in her hands so she pulled him closer and pressed her lips against his.
River had thought that Jonathan’s kisses couldn’t be any more passionate before his confession. She was wrong. He slid his hand under her tunic again and caressed her back.    
Her head spun. She needed to lie down.
As if he’d read her mind, Jonathan laid back on the bed, bringing River with him.  
His heart pounded beneath her ear. A low rumble came from deep inside him. It vibrated against her cheek. If River had any remaining doubts that Jonathan was the son of Ephraim, that growl erased them. She’d never heard a sound quite like that before, but she knew what it meant. Mine.
She’d just been claimed by an alpha male.
Chapter Ten
Call of the Wolf

Jonathan had never told anyone about killing the Afghani boy. River’s attempt to ease his conscience only intensified the shame and guilt he wore like a second skin; until she kissed him. 
They’d been making out for nearly an hour so he was already turned on. But a sudden, almost violent, surge of desire hit him like a tsunami, obliterating everything but her. 
Jonathan had never wanted any woman as much as he wanted River. She stirred something primal deep inside his gut. His groan of pleasure sounded more like a growl. A weird desire to bite her neck startled Jonathan out of his lust induced trance. He broke the kiss then ran his fingers through her hair, sweeping it over her shoulder. 
River closed her eyes and tilted her head to the side, exposing the honey gold skin of her throat. Was she reading his mind?
Jonathan tried to maintain a semblance of civility and kissed her jaw instead of biting her. But when he drank in her scent—clean and slightly spicy, like snow covered pine—his desire to taste her skin grew until it consumed him. His lips parted instinctively and pulled her skin against his teeth. She tasted even better than she smelled. 
Jonathan had marked more than his fair share of girls in high school, leaving love bites that most of them wore like badges of honor. 
Frankie had been disgusted by Jonathan’s behavior and referred to the evidence of his conquests as “the mark of the beast.” 
Jonathan didn’t want to mark River’s skin with a hickey. He wanted to bite her. What was wrong with him? He wasn’t some freakin’ vampire.
River trembled in his arms. 
He wove his fingers even deeper into her hair, holding her still as he sucked harder. But it wasn’t enough. He skimmed his lips down her throat to the tender skin where her shoulder joined her neck, parted his teeth, and bit her.
The rusty taste of her blood broke the spell. Jonathan pulled away and gasped when he saw the drops of blood beading twin crescents on River’s skin. He grabbed his shirt up off the floor and blotted her neck with it. “I’m so sorry. I don’t know what came over me.”
Franklin was right. Jonathan was an animal. Only a despicable beast would bite someone. 
He expected River to cry or slap him or scream at him. She didn’t.
She climbed onto her knees, placed one hand on his shoulder and fisted the hair on the back of his head with the other. She straddled his hips, pulled his head to the side and bit him back. 
Pain lanced his neck, but he didn’t fight her. How could he, after what he’d just done? 
She licked the bite, soothing the hurt, then grabbed his face with both hands and smashed her mouth against his.
Jonathan didn’t remember lying down, but they were definitely horizontal and River was definitely in charge. She was also topless. Either she wasn’t as inexperienced as she’d claimed or she was a damn fast learner. What the hell did they use for birth control?
That stray thought froze Jonathan mid-kiss, but when his mouth quit moving, River just kissed a trail down his neck. 
She paused to lick the bite mark, then continued to work her way lower, to his bare chest.
“River, sweetheart…we need to slow down.” At least they both still had their pants on.
She responded to his request with a whimper. 
Something primal inside Jonathan growled and demanded that he take River, right here, right now. He wanted to roll on top of her and…No! River is not ready for this. 
Jonathan grasped one of River’s wandering hands and brought it to his face. He kissed her palm. “I mean it, River. We need to stop. Now.”
River rolled onto her back, exhaled loudly and stared at the ceiling. 
Jonathan didn’t want her to think he wasn’t enjoying making out with her, or worse, rejecting her. He traced the upper edge of her tattoo with his finger. “What’s the significance of this?”
River covered his hand with hers and pressed it against the mark. She hesitated before answering. “The bow and arrow represents my grandfather, my mother’s father. The wolf is my father’s symbol. That’s why it’s in front of the bow and arrow.”
“Does everyone have them?” Jonathan propped himself up on his elbow. He’d noticed similar tattoos on Eli, Gabriel and Reuben.
“No.” 
When she didn’t elaborate, Jonathan kissed her forehead. “It’s okay.”
River peeked at him from under her lashes. “Thank you for not mating with me.”
“I know the proper response is ‘you’re welcome’ but I’m just not feeling it.” Jonathan wiggled his eyebrows at her. 
She covered her face with both hands and giggled. 
Jonathan found her shirt on the floor and used superhuman self-control to hand it to her without sneaking another peek. He put his on as well. “What happens if you get pregnant?”
River’s eyes grew wide and filled with tears. 
Jonathan tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. “What’s wrong?”   
She sat up and started counting on her fingers. “Oh no. No. No. No! This can’t be happening.” Her voice increased in pitch and volume with each exclamation.
“What can’t be happening? What are you talking about?” He ran his hand through his hair then climbed out of bed and paced the length of the hut. He fisted his hand then opened it, splaying his fingers. If River went home and told Reuben that Jonathan had felt her up; how many fingers would he take? Or would he cut off his entire hand? 
River squared her shoulders, but tears streamed down her face. “I won’t let them punish you. I’ll tell everyone the baby is Eli’s…”
Jonathan froze then blinked and shook his head. “What baby?” 
“The baby we just conceived.” River buried her face in her hands and sobbed.
Jonathan knelt in front of her and tried to pry her hands loose, but they might as well have been super-glued to her face. He cupped the back of her head and pulled her cheek next to his. “Sweetheart, there’s no way you and I made a baby. It’s just not possible.”
River leaned back and slid her hands to her stomach. “You mean…you didn’t spill your seed?”
“What?” Understanding hit Jonathan like a slap across the face. “No! Of course not!” 
He gripped her chin between his thumb and fingers and forced her to meet his gaze. “We did not do anything that could possibly get you pregnant. Even if I had…um…you know…”
“Spilled your seed?” 
“What makes you think that would have gotten you pregnant? We’re both wearing leather pants. Do you understand what I’m trying to say?” 
“It’s common knowledge, Jonathan.” 
He wanted to laugh, but if she really believed she could get pregnant without actually having sex, it wasn’t funny. Not at all. No wonder she was afraid of kissing. 
“River, sweetheart, you know how animals get pregnant, right?”
“Of course. I help Reuben control the horses when it’s time to breed them.”
“So, you realize that in order for it to work, the stallion has to—”
“I know how mating works. I’m not an idiot.” River sniffed and wiped her eyes with her fingertips. “I know the best way for people to conceive is by coupling. But I’m in the middle of my most fertile time. And outsiders are ten times more fertile than our men. If you spilled your seed on me, I could still get pregnant.”
Jonathan sat on the bed and draped his left arm over her shoulders. “River, that’s impossible. The only way for me to get you pregnant is for me to…um…spill my seed…inside you.” 
She shook her head, tickling his neck with her hair. “A councilman’s daughter conceived a child with Eli and all they did was kiss.”
Jonathan smiled and rolled his eyes. “I can guarantee you they did a hell of a lot more than just kiss. Whoa. Hold on a minute. Eli has a kid?”
Jonathan had always suspected Eli was a pig, but this confirmed it. “What happened to the girl and her baby?” 
Jonathan was willing to bet Eli was not supporting them.
“I don’t know what happened to the girl. I don’t even know which councilman is her father, but he was able to keep the trial very private. I wouldn’t have known about it at all if I hadn’t overheard Reuben and Hannah talking about it."
“And the baby?"
The council auctioned him off to the highest bidder.” 
“What! You can’t sell children!” Was there no end to the depravity of this society?
“The boy is a treasure to his adopted father. He’s also spoiled rotten.” River’s lips curled into an I-know-a-secret smile. 
“What about his adopted mother?” 
River’s smile disappeared. “She died.”
“I’m sorry.” Jonathan cocked his head to the side. Paul was adopted. Reuben was a single dad. It had to be more than a coincidence. “Is Paul Eli’s son?”
“Eli fathered him, but he’s Reuben's son.”
Jonathan was glad that Reuben had adopted Paul, but that didn’t change the fact that he’d been sold at auction, like a slave. What if the highest bidder had been a pedophile? Jonathan’s stomach churned. 
It went against everything he believed in to learn of such evil and do nothing about it. 
“What’d they do to Eli?”
“Nothing.” River scooted a little closer to Jonathan and nuzzled his neck. “The girl testified that Eli didn’t know she was betrothed to another when she kissed him.”
“They believed that?” 
“All I know is that the council advised Eli to make better use of the whores and servants already available to him and to stay away from the daughters of councilmen until he was ready to choose his mates.” 
“So, basically, he got away with it. Why am I not surprised?” Jonathan squinted his eyes shut. “Wait a minute. Did you say ‘mates’…as in…more than one?”
“Fertile men with good bloodlines are expected to take at least two mates.”
“So, this is a polygamist cult. Great.”
River leaned back and furrowed her brow. “You don’t know anything about our society or why we do the things we do. We are not a cult.” 
“You keep saying that, but it doesn’t change the facts.” 
River twisted sideways, angling her shoulders away from Jonathan. 
When was he going to learn to keep his opinions to himself? The army had done a pretty good job of breaking Jonathan’s habit of blurting out whatever was on his mind, but he still slipped up. 
“I’m sorry.” Jonathan stroked River’s hair. He didn’t know if it comforted her, but it definitely had a calming effect on him. “In the early days of my church, they practiced polygamy, too. They banned it over a hundred years ago, but some people still think the Mormon Church is a cult.”
River glanced over her shoulder and looked at Jonathan out of the corner of her eyes. She wasn’t exactly frowning at him, but she sure as hell wasn’t smiling. “Are you a Mormon?”
He nodded. “But…not a very good one.”
That got a smile out of her. It was only half a smile and she was fighting it, but Jonathan knew it wouldn’t take much to win her over completely. He grinned, flashing his dimples on purpose.
River bit her lower lip, but released it immediately instead of chewing on it like she normally did. She traced her lip with the tip of her finger. “Ow.”
“Sorry about that.” Jonathan smiled. “It’s from all the kissing.”
River licked her lips. “It was worth it.”
“Stop that, or I’m going to kiss you again.”
River’s eyes drifted closed as she leaned in.
Jonathan had already used up all his self-control. If things got heated up again, he didn’t think he’d be able to stop. Not if River wanted to keep going.
He gave her a quick peck on the nose so she wouldn’t think he was rejecting her then scooted back and formed a small barrier between them by tucking a foot under his knee. “If it’s okay for men to use servants and whores, and Aspen belonged to another man, why did Eli mess around with her?”
River sighed and shrugged her shoulders. “I think Eli enjoys playing games of seduction and since the whores can’t refuse him, there’s no challenge. The servant girls never turn him away, either.”
“What’s the difference between a servant and a whore?” Jonathan fought to keep his face neutral. He wanted River to keep talking. If she guessed how much this information disgusted him, she’d clam up. 
“A whore can’t refuse to lie with any man, it doesn’t matter whether he’s an alpha, a ranch hand or a servant. She has no chance to earn or reclaim her citizenship. It’s a punishment. But a servant is considered a part of a family’s household and cannot be pursued without the permission of the head of the house.”
“What do you mean pursued?” Jonathan hoped it didn’t involve some sadistic, predatory game, although it wouldn’t surprise him if it did.
“A servant is not a whore, so she retains the rights to her own body. It’s against the law to take a servant girl by force. But most of them seem to enjoy mating as much as the men.” River quirked her mouth to the side and furrowed her brow. “It could be that they’re just hoping the men they seduce will like them so much they’ll claim them as a concubine and free them from servitude.” 
The more Jonathan learned about New Eden, the more he despised it. It didn’t matter what you called them. Servants or whores—they were still sex slaves. And they needed rescuing.  “Tell me more about this son of Ephraim legend.”
River got out of bed and pulled what looked like an old leather journal out of her pack. “Reuben loaned this to me, so be careful and don’t tear any of the pages.”
Jonathan glanced at the date on the top of the page. June 15, 1855. This must be one of Reuben’s ancestors’ journals. He felt guilty for handling it without wearing a white glove. Sweat broke out across Jonathan’s brow as he read the hand written passage River pointed to.
Ephraim’s mother knew of Zebulon’s jealousy. She tried to protect her son, but she was only human. Even if she were one of us, she wouldn’t have been able to defy Zebulon. So when Ephraim disappeared, she assumed that Zebulon had murdered him. Her grief multiplied my guilt.

“Wait. How old is Zebulon?” 
“Don’t worry about that now. I’ll explain it later.”
Jonathan shrugged and returned to the journal.
I watched her suffer for two weeks until I couldn’t stand it anymore. Last night, I told her the truth. This morning, I heard her singing a new lullaby to her infant daughter. Even though the song is only the product of a broken mind, it has such a haunting melody. The words are almost prophetic. I can’t get them out of my head.
Ephraim’s Song (The Forbidden Lullaby)
Look to the East in your darkest hour 
For a humble man to rise to power.
Heavy of heart and body broken, 
He carries his grief in a crystal token.
When the white wolf answers the call of fate, 
And merges with the son of Ephraim’s mate,
Let all good men know the time is nigh, 
And with courage and honor, heed the battle cry.
Many shall suffer because of a few
‘Till Ephraim’s line once more is renewed.
The son of Ephraim unaware of his fate,
Must find and bind his one true mate. 
Evil hearts shall tremble with fear 
During the Great and Dreadful Year.
But courage and hope fills the righteous heart 
When the son of Ephraim’s rein doth start.
Jonathan read the song again then handed the book to River. “That’s one weird lullaby.”
“Reuben said that it caught on, and soon all the women were singing it. Until Zebulon heard it and banned the song. Of course that only insured that it would be passed down through the generations.
Jonathan lifted his hand to the medallion around his neck and turned it over.
River’s eyes widened until they were as large and round as the medallion. “What is that?”
He told her about the dove ceremony at Franklin’s funeral and how he’d had the feather encased in resin. “This is a constant reminder of Franklin’s death.”
“Ephraim’s mother must have been a seer…or a witch.”
“It’s just another coincidence.”
“How many coincidences will it take before you believe it’s true?”
The disappointment in River’s eyes pained Jonathan. “I don’t have to be a son of Ephraim. I’ll do whatever I can to free you and your people from Zebulon’s control.”
“Will you be my mate?”
“You want me to marry you?” 
“We don’t marry, but it is a lifelong commitment.”
Jonathan’s mouth went dry. He’d been attracted to River from the first moment he saw her facing down a mountain lion with a primitive bow. He smiled at the memory then compared it to how Carrie had run away and locked him out of the car after he’d saved her from the wolf. River never would have done that. 
It wasn’t just her courage that Jonathan admired.  River spoke her mind, even if it wasn’t always pleasant, at least she was honest. She focused more on other people than herself. Just thinking about the apple she’d given him formed a lump in his throat. 
Jonathan liked River. He liked her a lot. But did he love her? 
The realization hit him all at once. Yeah, he did. He definitely did. 
He took River’s hand in his and locked his gaze on her glowing eyes. They had the usual effect on him, but something even more powerful than lust scorched his veins, now—love. “I would be honored to be your mate.” 
Purple light flared out from River’s eyes. She grabbed the front of Jonathan’s tunic and pulled him up onto his knees. “You’re mine.”
Whoa. “Are you trying to stake a claim or something?”
She traced the bite mark on Jonathan’s neck with her tongue. “I already have.”
Jonathan’s eyes rolled back in his head. Damn, that was hot. “So…why the freakout over thinking you were pregnant?” 
“I haven’t merged with my spirit guide yet.” River tugged on Jonathan’s shirt, guiding him back onto the bed. “Pregnancy would prevent that from ever happening.”
He sat beside her, but refused to lie down. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
River smiled. “I know.”
“Are you going to tell me?” Jonathan had already figured out that it was some secret coming of age ritual. He just didn’t know the details.
She slid her hand under his shirt and ran her palm over his abs, distracting him. “Not yet. But soon, I think.”
Jonathan grabbed her wrist and pressed her hand over his racing heart—on top of his shirt. They were lying down again. How does that keep happening? “Does this becoming mates thing mean we get to have sex?”
“Definitely.” River slid her knee between Jonathan’s.
“When?” Please say now.
“After we merge with our spirit guides.”
“What?” Jonathan blinked, not believing he’d heard her correctly. “What do you mean ‘we’? I don’t have a spirit guide.”
“You will. Reuben and Gabriel are searching for him right now.”
“And how, exactly, am I supposed to merge?”
“You embrace your wolf, skin to fur, and subdue him.”
Jonathan pictured the huge wolf that had chased him and Carrie out of the mine. He rolled onto his side and propped his head on his elbow. “You’re talking metaphorically, right? You don’t expect me to wrestle an actual wolf. Do you?”
“How else would you merge with one?”
Jonathan’s blood ran cold as he thought of River facing off with a wolf. “You aren’t going to attempt it.”
“Of course I am.” River pushed Jonathan onto his back then laid her head on his chest. “It will be alright. I’ve already begun the bonding process with my wolf. That’s why my eyes glow.”
“And…Eli and Reuben?” Jonathan wound a strand of her hair around his index finger.
“They both merged with their wolves years ago.”  
“If Eli managed it, I guess that proves it’s not all that dangerous. Do you use tame wolves?”
“Only cowards merge with tame wolves.” River moved her hand to the back of Jonathan’s head and pressed her forehead against his. He loved it when she did that. “And you, Jonathan McKnight, son of Ephraim, are no coward.”
River

Once Jonathan agreed to be her mate, River had to keep reminding him that they had to wait until after they’d merged—something she was having trouble remembering herself.
“Jonathan.” River wiggled out from under him. Again. “I think I better sleep in my own bed.”
“Don’t go.” Jonathan rolled onto his side then slid his arm around River’s waist. He spooned his body around hers then rubbed his chin against the top of River’s head—another dominant behavior. “I’ll behave.”
“That’s what you said last time.” 
“How will I know when the merge thing is done? Is it a fight to the death? Do I have to kill the wolf?”
“Yes and…no.” River hated what merging would do to her wolf. Its spirit would live in River’s body, but it wouldn’t be the same. Even the gift of an extended lifespan was a poor substitute for freedom.
“That’s about as clear as the water in the mud pit. Care to elaborate?”
“You won’t believe me.”
“Try me.”
“Trust me.”
“River…” Jonathan growled her name. 
River turned her head and exposed her neck instinctively. A flush of heat spread from her scalp to the base of her throat. Reuben was the only male that had ever triggered a submissive response in her. And Jonathan hadn’t even merged yet. It both thrilled and frightened her to know that she would be bound to the most powerful alpha in the pack. 
“How am I supposed to know what to do if you don’t tell me?” 
“Merging is instinctive.” River touched the bite mark on her neck. “I didn’t tell you to bite me, but you did it anyway. Merging will be the same.”
He kissed the mark on her neck. “I can’t believe I bit you.”
“We don’t normally exchange bites until after we merge and mate.” River kissed the mark she’d left on his neck. “But there’s nothing normal about this situation.”
“You can say that again.” Jonathan’s chest vibrated against River’s back as he chuckled. He sighed then grew quiet. His breath tickled her ear. “So, you aren’t going to give me any tips or hints or anything?”
“No.”
“You just expect me to jump in a cage with a wolf and hope my instincts kick in before it kills me?”
“Pretty much.” River snuggled closer. “And then we can mate.” 
Jonathan groaned and gripped River’s hip. He held her in place as he pushed himself away from her body. “I can’t believe I’m saying this, but you’re right. We need to sleep in separate beds.”
River rolled over, kissed Jonathan soundly then climbed into her own bed. She was exhausted, but couldn’t sleep. It didn’t help that she’d left her tunic and pants on to make things easier for Jonathan. 
She couldn’t stop thinking about him. Or the warm, wet feel of his tongue and the tugging sensation as he sucked the apple juice from her fingertips. Just thinking about it made her heart thump against her ribs. And when he’d actually bit her neck? Oh my almighty Alpha above, what a feeling!
River kicked off her blankets but couldn’t escape the heat. She cracked the window then held the neck of her tunic open, directing the cold night air between the fabric and her naked skin. She crawled back into bed and flopped onto her belly; but couldn’t get comfortable. She stared into the darkness until her eyes adjusted enough to reveal Jonathan’s form. At first she couldn’t see any details, just his silhouette, an outline of his head and body, like a shadow cast on the wall. River lifted her hand and reached across the room as if she could touch him. She wanted to feel those soft curls slipping through her fingers again. She wanted to trace the straight line of his jaw and every feature of his face. The need to touch him was so intense it was painful.
Jonathan called her name then mumbled something incoherent. 
River smiled when she realized he was dreaming about her. 
He tucked his arms under his blankets and hunkered down until all River could see was his mop of curls. 
How could Jonathan stand all those blankets? He had to be burning up. River raised the window another three inches then crossed the room to check on him. 
His forehead was bone dry and cool under her palm. When she tried to remove the buffalo robe, Jonathan shivered and yanked it out of her hands. He buried himself even deeper, curling up into a ball. How could he possibly be cold when the hut was as hot as an oven?
The plaintive cry of a lone wolf sank a hook of desire behind River’s navel. The hut wasn’t hot. She was. 
She hoped Reuben and Gabriel had found a wolf for Jonathan. Reuben had told her to wait for them in the hut, but she was too restless. Maybe she’d feel better if she were outside. She wouldn’t go far, just enough to figure out which direction her wolf was calling her from.
River dressed quietly to keep from waking Jonathan and slipped outside. The cold air didn’t cool her fever. It only burned hotter. Her wolf howled again. River dug her nails into the porch railing and fought the pull. She wouldn’t merge without Jonathan. Where was Reuben? And where was Jonathan’s wolf?
She ran as if in a dream. Long, blue shadows, like fingers, reached out from the forest, clawing their way across drifted snow. The pull grew stronger. River ran faster, even though her lungs burned.   
When she finally found her wolf, the animal’s beauty stole the last of River’s breath. Its white fur sparkled in the moonlight as if it had been dusted with diamond powder. The wolf lifted her nose into the air and howled then trotted towards River.
“Hello my lovely. I’ve missed you.”
The wolf slowed to a walk, but didn’t stop.
River dropped to her knees and held her right hand out, fingers splayed. 
The wolf stretched its neck and sniffed River’s hand then rubbed its downy muzzle against her cheek.
A tingling sensation ran down River’s spine then spread across her torso, down her arms and legs, into her fingers and toes. The sensation intensified until her entire body hummed with energy. It took every ounce of strength she had left to pull away. “No. Not yet. We have to wait for Ephraim’s son.”
Another wolf, a majestic, solid black male, stepped out of the forest, into the moonlight. He lifted his nose to the sky and howled. The white wolf joined him. Their song brought tears to River’s eyes. 
The white wolf pressed her forehead against River’s chest and trembled. 
River wanted to wait for Jonathan, but fate had other ideas. At least his wolf was near. She’d have to trust it to guide Jonathan through their merge. She should have known that the son of Ephraim’s merge would be mutual, too. 
“Forgive my lack of faith.” River slid her hand over the white wolf’s back. She felt its fear as if it were her own. The wolf knew it was going to die. But she still gave herself to River.
Grief wrapped its thorny vines around River’s throat and squeezed. She didn’t want to trap the wolf’s spirit. But this was their destiny.
River wrapped her arms around the wolf’s chest, close to its head, and prepared for the coming ordeal. 
The humming energy triggered a vibration deep inside River’s body. She felt as if she were falling apart—as if whatever held her intact were dissolving.  
The wolf whined and trembled but did not try to escape.
“I’m so sorry.” 
A sudden burst of pain lit up every nerve in River’s body. It seemed to begin and end in the exact same moment—like an explosion. It knocked the breath out of her and threw her to the ground. 
Her first lungful of air delivered an overwhelming variety of scents—pine, snow, dirt, birds, smoke, man and wolf.
River rolled onto her side then scrambled to her feet. All four of them. Her body trembled. She was supposed to shift back to her human form as quickly as possible after merging, but there was too much adrenaline in her blood. The urge to run was almost as strong as the urge to merge had been. 
She took a breath and marveled at the way her lungs expanded. Her muscles quivered with power as she flew across the snow covered ground. She howled her joy without slowing down.
An answering cry in the near distance raised her hackles. 
River skidded to a stop, lifted her nose in the air and took another whiff. She recognized her own scent and her mate’s. But there was another wolf in their territory. A male. An involuntary growl rolled out of her throat when she recognized the wolf’s scent. Even though she’d never noticed it as a human, some part of her brain must have stored the information because she knew, without a doubt, that the third wolf was Eli.

Jonathan

The distant howl of a wolf disturbed Jonathan’s dream. He blinked and stared at the rough-hewn ceiling. It took him a moment to remember where he was. And who he was with. He smiled and rolled over.
River wasn’t in bed. And it was freezing in the hut. The grey light of early dawn poured through the partially open window. No wonder it was so cold.
“River?” Jonathan got up and looked outside. She wasn’t there. Maybe she’d heard the wolf’s howl and gotten up to go check on the horses. Or maybe she was out rounding up wolves for that merge thing. He hoped not. At least not before breakfast.
Jonathan threw his clothes on and shoved his feet in his boots. He hissed with pain as he strapped on his prosthesis. River had told him not to wear it until she had a chance to make pads for it, but he couldn’t hold his bow without it. And River never said he couldn’t shoot the damn wolf, only that he had to subdue it. An arrow through the heart would subdue anything.
The hair on the back of his neck stood on end when he noticed River’s bow under her bed. She never went anywhere without it. Something was wrong. 
Jonathan strung his own bow, grabbed his quiver then ran to the stable. The horses were fine, but there was no sign of River. He cupped his hand around the side of his mouth and called her name. “River!”
The wolf howled again, but River did not answer. Jonathan threw Saucy’s hackamore on then led him outside and positioned his left rump against the barn. “I don’t have time to fool around. You’re going to let me mount from the right whether you like it or not.”  
Saucy didn’t like it at all. Jonathan vaulted on successfully the first try, but Saucy paid him back by slamming Jonathan’s knee against the barn. 
Jonathan rode back to the hut and found River’s tracks heading east. “What the hell is she up to?”
Jonathan had faith in River’s survival skills, but the fact that she’d run off, unarmed, on foot, without telling him, tied his stomach in knots. The howling wolves only made it worse. She’d made it clear last night that they needed to do this together. At least her tracks in the otherwise unbroken snow were easy to follow.
Blood roared behind his ears when he spotted her discarded coat lying on the snow. He slid off Saucy’s back and picked it up. Her shirt fluttered in the breeze a few yards ahead of him—her boots, socks and pants marked the trail like beacons. He gathered River’s clothes and stuck everything inside her coat, but he wouldn’t be able to hang on to everything on horseback. “Shit!” 
Jonathan hadn’t given any thought as to how he was going to get back on Saucy without a fence to climb on or a wall to pin the stubborn animal against so he could mount from the right. It was at least ten degrees below zero. River wouldn’t last long without clothes.
“Okay, think!” 
Saucy turned his head toward Jonathan and blew puffs of steam out his nose, asking for a ration of feed. The horse knew that when Jonathan dismounted the ride was over and it was time to eat.
Jonathan patted his neck. “Sorry, no feed bags out here.” 
For some reason Jonathan’s mind made the leap from feed bag to saddle blanket. He draped River’s coat over Saucy’s back. 
Saucy twitched his hide as if trying to dislodge a fly, but that was his only reaction. Jonathan put River’s pants, shirt and vest on top of the coat, then decided it would work better to have the coat on top, holding everything in place. He tied her boots together, stuffed her socks inside then hung them over Saucy’s withers. 
Even though he’d been warned not to, Jonathan wound a handful of Saucy’s mane around his prosthesis. If he missed or spooked the horse, he’d get trampled and dragged to death before he could untangle himself. He vaulted onto Saucy’s back from the left without a problem. 
Jonathan double checked to be sure River’s clothes were secured under his butt, hung her boots around his own neck so they wouldn’t flop around on Saucy’s, then urged him into a mile-eating canter.
Jonathan called River’s name every five minutes, but the only answer he ever got was the howl of a wolf. When it got too close for comfort, Saucy crow hopped and tossed his head. Jonathan pulled his bow off his back, locked it into his prosthesis and reached for an arrow. He knew before he saw the whittled tip that he’d grabbed a practice arrow. The point was about as sharp as a crayon. But according to River, his bow was powerful enough to take down an elk. Of course she’d assumed he’d be using a hunting arrow with one of her razor sharp hand-knapped points to do it. 
If he could get close enough, the practice arrow might pierce a wolf’s hide. More than likely it would only infuriate the beast. Jonathan pulled his quiver around to the front of his body to look for an arrow with a sharper point and found one of Gabriel’s hunting arrows. He put the shaft in his mouth and dug his heels into Saucy’s sides. 
Another set of tracks flowed out of the forest and merged with River’s. 
Jonathan slowed Saucy to a walk and leaned over to get a closer look. The prints were as big as his palm. He didn’t know if it was a mountain lion or a wolf, but it didn’t matter, with River unarmed and weak, both were deadly.
The thought of a wild animal tracking River sent Jonathan into a full-blown panic. He kicked Saucy’s flanks, urging him to go even faster. Not taking into consideration that the closer they got to the wolf, the less Saucy was going to like it.
Jonathan had his gaze focused on the ground so when Saucy put on the brakes, he had no time to react. He flipped as he flew over Saucy’s neck and landed on his back. The snow cushioned his fall, but it still knocked the wind out of him.
His bow was still attached to his prosthesis but miraculously unbroken. The feathered end of Gabriel’s arrow peeked out of a snowdrift ten feet to his right. Jonathan offered a brief prayer of thanks when he pulled it out and found the arrowhead in perfect condition. He found his quiver with three of his practice arrows. He didn’t waste time searching for the others. Or gathering up River’s scattered clothes. If he didn’t find her before the predator did; she wouldn’t need them.
He pressed the medallion containing Franklin’s feather against his heart as he stumbled forward. If you can hear me, Frankie, I need your help. Help me find River before it’s too late.
A low growl froze Jonathan mid-step. Wolf, not lion. The sound came from behind him. The animal must have realized it was being pursued and circled back around. Better me than River.
Jonathan nocked Gabriel’s arrow as he eased his body around. As soon as he caught a glimpse of the wolf in his peripheral vision, he recognized its black fur and white blaze on its forehead. It was the same wolf that’d chased him and Carrie out of the mine a lifetime ago.
The wolf’s eyes widened as if it recognized Jonathan. Maybe it did. 
He didn’t want to kill the animal, but he couldn’t risk letting it get to River. He drew his bow and sighted down the arrow. The tip bounced with every beat of his heart. Calm down. He’d been hitting targets twice as far away as the wolf. I can do this. River’s life depends on it. 
The wolf turned, exposing his flank. Jonathan released the arrow just as the wolf leapt over a fallen log. 
A yelp of pain meant he’d hit it. The prolonged whine and din of a heavy body crashing through the undergrowth, meant it wasn’t an immediate kill shot. He had no idea if the wound was fatal. A quick inspection of the ground on the other side of the log revealed a bloody trail heading deeper into the forest, away from River’s tracks. But Jonathan didn’t trust the wolf, or his marksmanship. He prayed as he ran, even though he didn’t trust God either. What faith he had, died with Franklin. 
Jonathan’s lungs burned. His legs trembled. The stitch in his side twisted his upper body to the right but he refused to stop. He ran until he couldn’t run any more. He fell face first in the snow, but was too exhausted to do anything other than roll onto his back. He felt as if every muscle in his body were cramping. Pain wracked his chest. Jonathan was young and strong, but maybe he’d pushed himself too hard. Healthy young men died of heart attacks all the time. I’m so sorry, River.
Something blew a musky puff of air into Jonathan’s face. He opened his eyes, the only part of his body he had the strength to move. A huge, black wolf was standing over him, looking at him with its head cocked to the side. At first, Jonathan thought it might have been the wolf he shot, but this beast was even larger and solid black, without a speck of white on him.
Jonathan should have been terrified, but he wasn’t. He was strangely drawn to the animal. He sat up. The wolf lowered his head and sniffed Jonathan’s chest. 
Weird. Jonathan reached up and stroked the wolf’s shoulder before he could stop himself. Was this what River was talking about? She’d said that he’d know what to do instinctively, but this was crazy. He couldn’t believe this was a wild animal. Maybe it was one of the tame wolves that only cowards merged with. 
The wolf bared its teeth and growled, as if it could read Jonathan’s mind and was offended that he’d thought him a ‘tame’ wolf. 
Jonathan dug his fingers into the wolf’s coat. An electric charge ran up his arm into his chest. Every hair on his body stood on end. He’d felt something like this once before, during a lightning storm.
The wolf’s fur was all puffed out, too. He shook like a wet dog then licked Jonathan’s face. From the base of his jaw, across his cheek, all the way to his temple. Energy roared into Jonathan’s body. Is this what River was talking about. Was he merging with his spirit guide?
The wolf bunched the muscles of his haunches then leapt over Jonathan and loped away. 
Jonathan felt energized and compelled to follow him, but River was still out there somewhere. The wolf could wait.
He’d been running for about half an hour when a new set of prints came in from the west and merged with River’s. But these prints gave Jonathan hope. Horse shoes.
A tendril of smoke curled above the trees. Jonathan followed River’s trail back into the forest. He heard Gabriel arguing with her before he saw either of them. 
“If you don’t let me cure you—you’ll die.” Gabriel sounded more angry than concerned. Why was River refusing treatment?
“I want Jonathan to cure me.”
“Jonathan isn’t here. I am.”
The adrenaline fled Jonathan’s blood stream as soon as he heard River’s voice. He fell to his knees, too spent to do anything other than breathe.
“You haven’t merged yet.” River sounded as if she were crying.
“I don’t care.” 
“Without your spirit guide, you’ll age and die before your first century.”
“And you’ll die within the hour.”
River was obviously still in danger. Jonathan struggled to his feet. 
He stumbled into a sheltered clearing and found River and Gabriel sitting on a buffalo robe by a small fire. River was sitting on Gabriel’s lap tucked inside his coat.
“River?” Jonathan was so out of breath, his voice was barely audible to his own ears, but somehow, River heard him.
“Jonathan?” A smile of pure joy spread across her face as she jumped to her feet. She didn’t look like she was dying.
An inappropriate blast of jealously clawed its way out of Jonathan’s chest, into his throat. 
River was alive and that’s all that mattered. So what if she’d been sitting on Gabriel’s lap, buck naked. At least the boy still had his pants on. He was probably just sharing body heat, to keep River from freezing to death. That’s probably what she was throwing such a fit about. She wanted Jonathan to warm her up, not Gabriel.
He opened his arms.
River flung her naked body against Jonathan’s chest.
He still had his bow attached to his prosthesis so he gave her a one-armed hug. “What’s going on? Why’d you leave?”
“I merged with my spirit guide!” She palmed his cheeks with fever hot hands and smashed her lips against his. That ruled out hypothermia. She was burning up.
He kissed her back, then pulled away and gazed into her glowing, purple eyes. He’d never seen them shine so brightly. Their brilliance put the moon to shame—and warmed his entire body, heart, mind and soul. “Are you sick?”
“I have merge fever.” She frowned as she peered into his eyes. “I smell your wolf, but you didn’t merge. Why not?”
“I don’t know.” It must not have worked after all. “What do you mean you can smell my wolf?”
Jonathan glanced at Gabriel and caught him brushing tears off his cheeks. He returned his gaze to River’s pulsing eyes. He’d never seen anything like it. “Did you guys hear the wolves howling?”
River laughed. “One of them was me.”
“One of them was tracking you. But I took care of it.”
River’s laughter died. The color drained from her face. 
Gabriel looked as if he might throw up. “What do you mean you took care of it?”
“I shot it.” 
Chapter Eleven
Proxy

River’s vision tunneled. No. This isn’t supposed to happen. The son of Ephraim would never shoot a wolf. She swayed on her feet. If Jonathan’s arms hadn’t been wrapped around her, she would have collapsed. 
“Gabriel, bring me that buffalo pelt. I think River’s going into shock.”
“What did the wolf look like?” Gabriel’s voice was strained, but he sounded much calmer than River felt. 
Jonathan wrapped the buffalo robe around River then sat down and pulled her onto his lap. “We need to get River back to the hut.”
Gabriel leaned over and grabbed Jonathan’s shoulders. “What color was the wolf!”
“Take it easy, kid.”
Tremors shook River’s body, making it hard to talk. She locked her jaw and spoke through clenched teeth. “Answer him.”
Jonathan stroked the hair off her face and kissed her forehead. “I’m not even sure it was a pure bred wolf. It had black fur with a white stripe between its eyes.”
River and Gabriel spoke at the same time.“Eli.”
“Excuse me? What does Eli have to do with anything?”
Gabriel squeezed his eyes shut, as if he were in pain. “Where’s the body?”
“When I said I took care of it…that might have been a bit of an exaggeration.” A crimson flush raced up Jonathan’s neck. “I only wounded it. Once I get River back to the hut, and I’m sure she’s okay, I’ll hunt it down and put it out of its misery.”
River and Gabriel again spoke in unison, only this time, it was a shout instead of a whisper. “No!” 
Jonathan jerked back like a startled deer. “It could take days for it to die. That’s cruel.”
River grabbed the strap of Jonathan’s quiver and pulled it around so she could examine its contents. Relief flooded her veins. “You only have practice arrows. Unless you hit a vital organ, and the wolf bleeds out before it can heal, he should be able to dislodge the arrow and survive.”
Jonathan squinted his eyes and frowned. But he didn’t argue with her. Now, all she had to do was persuade Eli not to tell anyone that Jonathan had shot him.
“I didn’t use a practice arrow. I had one of Gabriel’s hunting arrows in my quiver.”
Gabriel dropped to his knees and held his head in his hands. 
A twig snapped. River froze. Neither Jonathan nor Gabriel reacted. Another twig snapped, followed by a groan and the swoosh of something crashing through the underbrush. She recognized Eli’s voice as he muttered under his breath. “I don’t care what Mother wants, I’m going to kill that son of a bitch.” 
Now that she’d merged with her wolf, River’s hearing was much more acute, even in her human form. “Gabriel, I think I heard something.”
She nodded towards the noise and prayed he’d understand what she was getting at.
“I’ll go check it out.”
“Take my bow.” Jonathan reached around River and unhooked it from his golden claw. “An injured animal is extremely dangerous. But if you see a solid black wolf, don’t shoot it. He’s tame.”
Gabriel left without taking Jonathan’s bow. He was gone for less than ten minutes. He stopped on the other side of the fire and motioned for River to join him. 
She squeezed Jonathan’s arm and stood up. “I need to speak with Gabriel for a minute. I’ll be right back.”  
“Are you ever going to tell me what’s going on?”
“Yes. Soon. Just…be patient a little longer.”
River wrapped the buffalo robe more securely around her body, even though merge fever scorched her veins. She knew how much it upset Jonathan for anyone to see her naked.
Gabriel gripped River’s shoulders and gazed into her eyes. He reminded her of Reuben as he spoke with quiet authority. “It’s not as bad as we thought.  Eli will be sore for awhile, but he’ll live.”
“At least we’re under quarantine. Eli will have time to heal before he has to report for patrol duty.”
Gabriel dropped his gaze to his boots.
“What’s wrong?”
“Aunt Shula lifted the quarantine when she found out you’d left with Jonathan. Pa told me to find you and help protect the son of Ephraim.”
“Shula won’t care if Jonathan is a son of Ephraim. She’s not going to let this go unpunished.”
Gabriel quirked the side of his mouth up into a crooked grin. “It’s my arrow in Eli’s ugly ass. I’ll tell everyone that it was an accident. I got so excited when I saw a buck in the forest, I didn’t take the time to be sure I had a clear shot. I didn’t see the wolf lurking in the underbrush. It’s a simple case of being in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
“You know there’s no excuse good enough to escape punishment for shooting Eli, even if they believe that ridiculous story.” The penalty for injuring another through carelessness was twenty lashes. “I can’t let you take the blame for this!”
“Jonathan’s life is already in danger. Shula will see to it that his beating will be so severe he can’t survive it. And then, if you survive your own whipping, she’ll force you to mate with Eli.” Gabriel pressed River against his chest. “If you won’t let me cure your fever, let Jonathan do it.”
“He needs to merge with his wolf first.” River disentangled herself from Gabriel’s embrace. “Have you seen him? A solid black male?”
“He’s waiting for something.” Gabriel nodded towards the forest behind Jonathan. “Probably for Eli and I to get out of the way.”
Merge fever was scrambling River’s brain. She couldn’t think. “Doesn’t Eli know who shot him?” 
Gabriel nodded. “But he agreed to go along with my plan.”
“Why? He hates Jonathan!”
“He hates him even more now.” A smile flickered across Gabriel’s face. “You’re Jonathan’s sponsor. Eli doesn’t want you to be punished any more than I do.” Gabriel wiped a tear off River’s cheek with his thumb. “If the whipping doesn’t kill you, Jonathan’s execution will.”
River’s hand shook as she wiped the sweat off her brow. “Jonathan is my responsibility. I’ll claim that I shot Eli. Reuben knows that I borrowed some of your arrows for this hunt. The evidence will support my claim.”
“No.”
“But…twenty lashes!”
“I’m stronger than you. I can handle it.”
“Oh, Gabriel.” A sob escaped River’s throat. She threw her arms around his waist and kissed his neck, the only spot she could reach. When had he gotten so tall? She stepped back and wiped her eyes with a corner of the buffalo robe. “How will you get home?”
“Saucy knows Sugar and Red are at the hut. I’m sure that’s where he’s headed. But just in case he decides to go all the way back to the ranch; Eli and I will double up on Old Red. That’ll leave Lightning and Sugar for you and Jonathan.”
Gabriel smiled. This time it was genuine. “Even if I manage to dig the arrow out of Eli’s ass, he’s going to have to ride draped over Red’s back like a dead man. That alone is worth a couple of lashes.”
River’s eyes filled with tears. She appreciated his attempt to make light of a very serious situation. “Thank you.”
Gabriel leaned down and kissed her forehead. “Your fever’s spiking. You’re running out of time.”
“Where’s he off to?” Jonathan nodded at the spot where Gabriel had disappeared into the forest.
“He’s going to take care of the wolf you shot.”
“Without a bow?” Jonathan released his hold on River.
The forest tilted sideways. Her fever was progressing faster than she expected.
Jonathan grabbed her elbow and steadied her. “Whoa. Are you okay?”
“I need you to merge with your wolf and mate with me.”
Jonathan slipped his arm around her back, squeezing her waist with his fingers. But instead of going to the spot of ground that Gabriel had prepared in front of the fire; he led her to Lightning. “We need to get you back to the hut.”
“We don’t have time.” River turned around to face him and put her arms around his neck. Her fever burned away any remnant of trepidation. She wanted him even more than she did the night before. “You need to mate with me, now.”
“I can wait until you feel better.”
“I won’t feel better until after you mate with me.” Tears blurred River’s vision.
“Hey, it’s okay. I’ll still make love to you. But not out here with nothing but a buffalo hide between us and the cold, hard ground. And definitely not while you’re sick.” He brushed a tear off her cheek then kissed her forehead. “I want your first time to be special.”
“You don’t understand!” River didn’t know how to explain it to him. She couldn’t shift into her wolf form again until after her fever broke. “If you don’t mate with me soon, I’ll die. Where is your wolf?”
“I have no idea. He licked my face and took off.”
“Go find him.” River sniffed the air. She caught a faint trace of Jonathan’s wolf, downwind, and pushed him in that direction as her vision greyed.
Jonathan

Jonathan caught River as she fainted. He laid her across the buffalo robe on the ground. Something told him to take off his clothes and hold her against his naked body. That’s crazy. He would never take advantage of an incapacitated woman whether she was drunk, high or delirious with fever. But he needed to do something. He should take her back to the hut.
He leaned over to pick her up, but he smelled something unusual on her skin. He kissed her forehead and tasted fear.
Okay, that’s even crazier. Animals could smell fear, not people. Was he getting sick, too? He felt hot. His eyes burned. Jonathan reached up to rub them and noticed a green glow on his palm. Holy shit. Were his eyes glowing?
He slipped the gold chain off his neck and used the reflective back of the medallion to check. It wasn’t as good as a mirror, but there was no denying the fact that his eyes were glowing like a lightning bug’s ass. 
His skin felt like he was on fire. He shrugged out of his coat but that only gave him a moment’s relief. His vest and shirt hit the ground. He didn’t even realize he’d taken them off. 
Jonathan’s wolf crept out from behind a tree. It laid down and rested its chin on its front paws then looked at River and whined.
River. Jonathan couldn’t believe he’d forgotten about her for even a second. What the hell was wrong with him?
He laid down next to her on the buffalo pelt and wrapped his arms around her limp, naked body. She didn’t feel quite as hot as she had before but that was probably because of his own fever. “River? Can you open your eyes for me? Are you okay?”
She didn’t respond. She’d said that she would die if Jonathan didn’t ‘mate’ with her. But that was crazy. People didn’t die from a lack of sex. It only felt that way. 
River had also told Jonathan to follow his instincts. But which ones? He wasn’t aroused. Although he could be if he focused on the feel of River’s soft curves pressed against the hard planes of his body—and ignored the fact that she was unconscious.
Right now, all he wanted to do was hold her and protect her. But from what? His wolf wasn’t showing any signs of aggression. When did he start thinking of it as “his” wolf?
It whined again and inched forward.
“River, please wake up. Tell me what to do.”
She whimpered.
Jonathan rose to his knees and moved his fingers to the pulse point on her neck. It was weak and rapid. He turned his head and placed his ear above her softly parted lips. She was hardly breathing. Nothing but quick, shallow gasps that barely stirred the air. She was in trouble.
“River, don’t you dare leave me. I can’t lose you, too.” 
Jonathan hardly ever cried. He’d shed a few tears when the mine had caved in on him and Franklin and he’d thought they were going to die. But he didn’t cry when he woke up in agonizing pain and learned that they’d amputated his left hand. He didn’t even cry when they told him that Franklin had died in Afghanistan. He’d bawled like a baby the night before Franklin’s funeral, then vowed he’d never cry again. And he hadn’t. Until now. 
He lifted River in his arms. Her body was completely limp. Dead weight. All the tears Jonathan had been unable to shed burst through the dam of his scarred heart. They ran down his cheeks and fell onto River’s throat like rain.
Jonathan buried his face against her shoulder and sobbed. He begged her to come back to him, but she didn’t respond. He lifted his head and screamed at God. “You can’t take her, too! I won’t let you!” 
River’s head lolled to the side, exposing the bite mark on her neck.
An overwhelming urge to bite her again slammed into Jonathan. A primal growl rumbled out of his chest. “I love you and I will not live without you. I forbid you to die.” 
River’s blood filled Jonathan’s mouth before he even realized what he’d done.
River

River floated in swirling pool of heat, consumed by fever. She heard Jonathan’s pleas for her to open her eyes. She wanted to, but her body refused to obey. She knew she was dying. She was disappointed, but she wasn’t afraid. For whatever reason, Jonathan had not merged with his wolf. He was not going to mate with her. She wasn’t destined to be his mate after all. 
Her heart broke when his body rocked with sobs. His tears fell on her face. She wanted to reach up and wipe them from his eyes, but she had no strength. She should have told him everything last night. He wouldn’t have believed her, but the information might have helped him follow his instincts instead of his conscience. She wished she’d at least confessed her love to him. Now, he’d never know. That regret pained her more than her imminent death. 
Jonathan growled. It was deeper and fiercer than anything River had ever heard before. The vibrations from his chest shook her entire body. “I love you and I will not live without you. I forbid you to die.”
River thought she’d been past feeling, but she felt it when Jonathan bit her. She felt the heat of his mouth on her skin. She felt his teeth sink into her flesh. She felt his power resonate in the marrow of her bones.
Her body exploded in a flash of pain. Fear grabbed her by the throat and squeezed. She felt as if she were merging again, but instead of finding herself in a new body, there was nothing. No sight, sound, or smell. No sense of touch or taste, or even pain to ground her. Nothing but fear. Was this what it felt like to die?
A pinprick of light appeared. Her wolf’s spirit recognized it first and  flew towards Jonathan’s life-spark. River cried out with relief and joy as her soul merged with his. Love filled her entire being, stretching and growing and binding her heart to his. If this was death, she welcomed it. 
Her eyes fluttered open. “Jonathan?”
His face was mere inches from hers. Worry furrowed his brow and creased the corners of his eyes. Tears streaked his cheeks. Blood coated his lips. But she’d never seen a more beautiful sight. 
“What happened? Did you mate with me?” She’d been so close to death. Maybe she’d been unconscious during the act.
He blinked then brushed her fever dampened hair off her forehead. “No.”
“Then, why am I alive?”
“Because I refused to let you die.” He grinned at her, flashing his dimples, but his smirk lacked its usual cockiness.
“It doesn’t usually work like that.”
“Believe me, I know.”
“Your wolf was here. Wasn’t he?”
He looked over his shoulder then returned his gaze to River. “He’s gone now. You don’t need to be afraid of him. He’s tame.”
River reached up and smoothed  the lines across his brow. “No. He’s not.”
“I don’t want anyone to shoot him.”
“They won’t.” She trailed her fingers down his cheeks, over the salty path of his dried tears. “Promise me you’ll never shoot another wolf ever again.”
“Did Gabriel go after the one I shot?”
River closed her eyes and shuddered. Gabriel wouldn’t be able to avoid the whip, but hopefully he’d be given the minimum number of lashes.  “He’s taking care of it.”
“You’re freezing.” Jonathan crawled off the buffalo robe then wrapped it around River. “We need to get you back home so Eli’s mother can check you out.”
“No!” River’s heart faltered. They needed to stay as far away from Shula as possible. Even though Gabriel had taken the blame for shooting Eli, Jonathan wasn’t out of danger. River didn’t know how she’d survived merge fever without mating, but she was certain Shula would find a way to twist it to her advantage. “We need to find your wolf so you can merge. I want to mate with you before Shula finds us.”
“Not until a doctor, or a healer of some sort, checks you out. You nearly died.”
“I should have died. But there are forces at work here that I don’t understand. We need to talk to Reuben.”
“Let’s start by getting you dressed so you don’t freeze to death.”
Steam rose off Jonathan’s bare chest and shoulders. A faint green glow still rimmed his sky-blue irises. He had pre-merge fever which proved he was a shifter.
Which also proved he was the promised son of Ephraim.
Jonathan

Jonathan found River’s clothes and boots scattered around the spot where Saucy had dumped him. They were stiff and cold, but a few minutes by the fire would fix that. 
When he got back, River was huddled up in the buffalo robe, the only thing showing were her eyes. He held her pants as close to the fire as he could without burning them, or his hand. 
She wiggled around inside the buffalo hide, making it look like a live animal as she dressed. “Thank you. That feels so good.”
Now that River was out of danger, Jonathan’s mind focused on other, more pleasurable things. “Did you suddenly develop a severe case of modesty?”
She poked her head out of the buffalo pelt and grinned at him. “No. I’m just trying to keep warm.”
“Good.” Jonathan grinned back at her. “Need any help with that? I’m pretty hot.”
River laughed and shook her head. “Not until after you merge.”
Jonathan frowned. “How do I do that?”
River lifted her chin and sniffed the air, like a dog. “Your wolf is long gone. I guess he isn’t ready to merge yet.”
“You can tell that by sniffing the air?”
River blushed, giving her cheeks a healthy glow. “My wolf didn’t let me merge with her the first time we met. She made me wait until today.”
“And what did that entail, exactly?”
River closed her eyes and grimaced then opened them and shook her head. “I really wish I could tell you, but my instincts are warning me not to.”
Jonathan couldn’t deny that he’d been led by his own instincts or that those instincts had, somehow, saved River’s life. “Alright. I’ll respect that. For now.”
River shucked off the buffalo skin then slipped into her coat. “We should head back to the hut. Without horses, it’s going to take a while.”
It took more than a while. It took five miserable hours. How had River gone so far last night, in the dark and burning up with fever?
When they got back to the hut, there was a message scrawled on the door. 
Don’t go home.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Jonathan touched the dark mark. It left a black smudge on his glove. Charcoal. “Who doesn’t want us to go home?”
“Gabriel.” River rested her forehead against the door. 
Jonathan took her shoulder and turned her around. “Look at me.”
She lifted her gaze. Tears sparkled in her eyes then spilled onto her cheeks.
“What’s going on?” Jonathan hadn’t meant to sound so domineering.
“It’s Gabriel. He’s going to be punished. He doesn’t want us to witness it.”
Jonathan’s stomach twisted into a knot. “Why is Gabriel being punished?”
River stared at her feet and refused to answer.
Bits and pieces of information shifted into place. There were still too many missing pieces to complete the puzzle, but Jonathan could guess what it was about. He’d used Gabriel’s arrow. “Does it have anything to do with the wolf I shot?”
River kept her head bowed as she nodded. Tears dripped off her lashes. They froze before they hit the ground.
“How much time do we have? Will there be a trial?”
River spoke quietly, with no inflection. “He’s confessing, so there’s no reason for a trial. Justice will be swift.”
“What will they do to him?”
River’s chin trembled. “Twenty lashes with a bull whip.” 
“I won’t let an innocent kid take the rap for my mistake.”
River wiped her eyes then looked up. “Did you forget that you’re my recruit?”
Fear sliced through the stone cold fury in Jonathan’s gut, cutting him to the core.
“I wasn’t supposed to give you a lethal weapon until you’ve passed your final tests. Your conviction will doom us both to the gallows. If you don’t want Gabriel to take the blame for shooting the wolf, I’ll do it.”
“Are you crazy?” Jonathan shoved his fingers in his hair. “No way, River. No fucking way.”
“Please don’t use that word.” 
“Sometimes, it’s the only word that works. And this is one of those times.” Jonathan grabbed River’s arm and pulled her into a tight embrace. He pressed his cheek against hers. “Leave with me. Let’s get our horses and supplies and leave tonight.” 
He leaned back and kissed River’s tearstained cheek. He talked faster, desperate to win her over before she vetoed his plan. “We’ll ride hard so we can catch Gabriel before he makes it back to the ranch. We have our bows and your arrows. We can hide in the forest and live off wild game until the pass opens.”
River fisted her hands against Jonathan’s chest and leaned back to look into his eyes. “I’ve already told you what happens to Reuben if I defect.”
“Alright. Here’s what we’ll do. We’ll go back to the ranch, I’ll knock Reuben out. You tie him up and—”
“That won’t work!” River pushed away from Jonathan. “No one ever escapes from New Eden, at least not for long.”
“Then what am I supposed to do? If I confess, you die. If I don’t, Gabriel gets whipped.” Jonathan fisted his hand in his hair. “I have to fix this!”
“You can’t fix it, Jonathan. None of us can. All we can do is survive it.” River’s eyes flashed. “We are all slaves to the laws of New Eden.”
“Do you think other people will believe I’m a son of Ephraim?”
“Yes. As soon as you merge with your wolf.”
“And they’ll help me take out Zebulon and the council?”
“There’re always a few fools looking for something to believe in.”
“Will you help me track down this wolf I need to merge with?”
River dropped her gaze and shook her head. “Your wolf will find you when the time is right.”
“And what am I supposed to do until then? I can’t sit back and stay quiet like a good little recruit while other people suffer.”
“You aren’t my recruit anymore. You’re my mate.”
Jonathan’s heart swelled. It was a primitive term, but it felt right. He tucked a strand of hair behind her ear and slid his fingers through its length. “I told you something important earlier, but I think you were unconscious.”
River took his hand and wove her fingers through his. “Tell me again.”
Jonathan smiled. He didn’t think it was possible to feel so much joy in the midst of so much pain. “I’ve been attracted to you since the very first time we met. And my feelings have grown deeper every day since then. It’s more than just a physical attraction and it has been for quite awhile.”
He curled their joined arms between them and rested his forehead on hers. “When I thought you were dying, everything I already felt for you, multiplied a hundred times. I love you, River, daughter of Asher and Issachar’s daughter. And I want to spend the rest of my life with you.”
“You remembered my patronymic names.” River’s eyes glistened, but this time, Jonathan knew they were tears of joy. She wrapped her arms around his waist and gazed into his eyes. “I love you too, Jonathan McKnight, son of Ephraim. More than you can imagine.”
Jonathan held her against his chest and rocked her in his arms. The cold air felt good on his fevered skin, but when River’s trembling increased he knew it was time to go inside. “What do you say we get you warmed up, eat a bite of something and head home?”
River sighed and shook her head. “I’m too tired. Can’t we wait until morning?”
Jonathan opened the door and ushered her inside. “Of course.”
Hours after River had fallen asleep on his chest, Jonathan was still awake. He couldn’t keep from thinking about Gabriel, wondering if he’d made it back to the ranch; if he’d already been tortured. He stroked River’s hair, but even that didn’t soothe him. 
He hated New Eden. Hated its abusive treatment of women and children. Hated its totalitarian government and the way they controlled everyone with violence and fear. But most of all, he hated its twisted laws of accountability. 
What would happen to River if he failed to assassinate Zebulon and the council? He was willing to put himself in harm’s way to give River a chance to live in a free society, but did he have the courage to jeopardize her life? How much was freedom worth? 
He kissed the top of River’s head and smiled when she nuzzled his neck. They could find joy in each other’s arms and live a good, honest life; even in the midst of depravity. People did it all the time. But there was no way in hell he’d ever bring a child into this world. 
He couldn’t bear to think of Gabriel’s back crisscrossed with scars like Reuben's. Scars Reuben received when he volunteered to take Shula’s punishment. 
Jonathan’s heart stuttered when he realized he could save Gabriel without endangering River. He could volunteer to proxy for Gabriel without admitting guilt. 
His blood ran cold. Fear gnawed at his stomach, but he refused to give in to it or let it dissuade him from doing the right thing.
Jonathan held River’s head as he slid out from under her. He waited until he was certain she was still asleep, then crept out of bed and got dressed. He decided to leave his prosthesis behind. The sores from where the harness had rubbed him raw were just too painful. 
River sighed and reached for him. 
Jonathan held his breath until she exhaled and cuddled up with his pillow. He found the piece of charcoal that Gabriel must have used to write his message on the porch and decided to write one of his own. 
I love you. Proxy for Gabriel.
It wouldn’t keep River from freaking out, but at least she’d know where he’d gone.
He swore when he got to the barn. Saucy still hadn’t shown up and now Red was missing. He’d never ridden Sugar or Lightning, but he didn’t have much of a choice. River was going to be royally pissed at Jonathan for sneaking off. He wasn’t about to steal her horse on top of it. 
Jonathan used the same horse’s-butt-next-to-the-barn trick to mount Lightning from the right as he had Saucy. It took two tries and another bruised knee, but in the end Jonathan prevailed.
By the time he arrived at Reuben’s ranch, he was heartsick and bone tired. He’d had plenty of time to think about his coming ordeal. He put Lightning in his stall without rubbing him down or feeding him and ran to the house. He called Reuben’s name, but it was Eli that answered.
“Go away.”
Jonathan ran down the hall to the room he shared with Gabriel. The iron hinges creaked when he opened the door.  Two extra hurricane lamps added a considerable amount of light to the room. Gabriel was lying on the floor, a wet and bloody buffalo hide beneath his naked body. Eli, also naked, except for a ragged towel wrapped around his hips, was on his knees beside him.
Jonathan stepped inside and shut the door. 
Eli lifted a stained and ragged cloth out of the wooden bucket beside him. “Try to relax, Gabriel, it won’t hurt as much.” 
It looked like someone had cut the boy’s back with a jagged blade. Dried blood crusted his skin and several cuts were still oozing blood. As soon as the rag touched him, Gabriel flinched and cried out. 
Jonathan crossed the room and perched on the edge of his bed. He got his first clear look at Eli’s backside. Half the towel was stained red.
“What happened to your ass?” Jonathan nodded at the blood-stained rag tied around Eli’s hips.
Eli snorted then looked at Jonathan as if he were the dumbest thing he’d ever seen. “You have no idea?”
“How would I?”
“Let’s just say it was a bad day for enforcers and wolves.”
“Someone shot you?”
“Lucky for me he can’t hit the broadside of a barn.”
“Where’s River?” Gabriel’s voice trembled. 
Jonathan cringed and wished with all his heart he’d gotten there in time to proxy for the boy. “She’s probably on her way here and mad as a hornet. I snuck out while she was sleeping.”
“Did you…is her fever gone?”
“I wouldn’t have left her if it wasn’t.”
Gabriel sighed and closed his eyes. “Good.”
Eli dropped the rag in the bucket and sat back on his heels. “So, you and River are mated.”
“Yes.” Jonathan knew Eli was referring to sex, but he didn’t feel the need to clarify.
Instead of flying into a jealous rage, Eli bowed his head. “It’s over.”
“What’s over?”
“My best chance of rescuing the woman I love from a life of servitude.”
“River’s no servant.” The growl behind Jonathan’s words startled him. 
Apparently it startled Eli as well. He twisted his head sideways, exposing his throat. He recovered quickly and twisted his head to the other side, cracking his neck. “I know you find it hard to believe, but not everyone is head over heels in love with River.”
“Then why were you pursuing her?”
Eli laughed. “It was the means to an end. Mother seems to think that the man that binds the little hellion will gain unprecedented political power.”
“The son of Ephraim?”
Eli stood up, grimacing in pain. “What do you know about the son of Ephraim?”
Jonathan pressed his lips together. When was he going to learn to keep his mouth shut?
Gabriel sucked in a noisy breath as he turned his head to face Jonathan and Eli. “Jonathan was given a blessing by a patriarch and told that he belonged to the tribe of Ephraim.”
Jonathan fought the urge to roll his eyes. He didn’t want to mislead Gabriel but Eli was an enforcer with political clout. He’d be a valuable asset.
Eli snorted. “That doesn’t prove anything.”
Jonathan closed his eyes and tried to remember the lullaby in Reuben’s journal. “Isn’t there some legend about the son of Ephraim carrying his grief in a crystal?”
Eli quoted it. Word for word. “Look to the East in your darkest hour for a humble man to rise to power. Heavy of heart and body broken, he carries his grief in a crystal token.”
“Yeah. That’s the one.” Jonathan lifted Franklin’s medallion out of his shirt and turned it around the right way so the front was visible.
Gabriel’s eyes widened as Eli’s narrowed.
Jonathan held the medallion in his palm and leaned forward to show it to Eli. Gabriel was already a convert. “This holds a feather I saved from my brother’s funeral.”
The permanent scowl etched on Eli’s face melted. He reached for the medallion. “May I?”
Jonathan nodded. “It’s a constant reminder of Franklin’s death.”
“Heavy of heart and body broken.” Eli pointed at Jonathan’s stump. “You only have one hand.”
Jonathan rolled his eyes. “Thanks. I hadn’t noticed.”
Gabriel snickered then cried out in pain.
Jonathan nodded his head at the boy’s back. “Don’t let me keep you from taking care of that.”
Eli let go of the medallion then dipped the rag back in the bucket. “You better go before Reuben catches you in here.”
“Why would Reuben care? I sleep here.”
Gabriel whimpered when Eli pressed the rag to his back. “It’s part of the punishment. Pa doesn’t want anyone but Eli to relieve my pain.”
 “Reuben did this?” Reuben was strict with his sons but it was easy to see that he loved both of them with all his heart. How could he do this to Gabriel? “You need stitches.”
“Pa will take care of it tomorrow, when we have better light.”
“How can you even consider letting him touch you after what he did?”
“I’m glad it was Pa and not Jesse.”
“Is there anything I can do to help?”
“Not yet.” Eli gave Jonathan a poignant look.
“What’s your woman’s name?” Jonathan didn’t usually refer to a woman as ‘woman’ but it would be easier for the men of New Eden to accept him if he fit their expectations.
“Aspen.”
“I’ll do what I can.” Jonathan opened the door and peeked outside. He didn’t want to run into Reuben. He wasn’t afraid of him. But he didn’t want to make things worse for Gabriel. “I need to go take care of Lightning.”
The sound of quiet weeping met Jonathan’s ears before he opened the stable door.
“Paul?” Jonathan’s chest ached when his eyes adjusted to the dim light and he saw his little friend curled up in a fetal position, lying in a pile of straw next to Stormy.
The filly stood up and greeted Jonathan with a puff of air on his neck when he entered her stall. He sat down and pulled Paul onto his lap. “Hey little man, what’s wrong?”
Jonathan searched the child’s face for some clue that would identify him as Eli’s son. But Eli and Reuben looked too much alike for there to be any obvious differences.    
“Pa whipped Gabriel.”
“You saw that?” Phantom pain shot out of Jonathan’s wrist as he clenched his fist. 
“No. Pa made me stay in the house, but I heard Gabriel scream.” Paul tightened his grip around Jonathan’s neck. “I could hear the whip crack, too.”
Paul needed comfort, not Jonathan’s righteous indignation; so he swallowed his rage and forced himself to speak with calm reassurance. “It’s gonna be okay, kiddo. I promise.”
“Momma used to sing to me when I got scared. Can you sing to me?”
Jonathan sang every song he could remember from childhood until Paul stopped crying. “Can you sit here by yourself for a little bit while I take care of Lightning? I rode him hard then put him up wet and hungry.” 
Paul’s little shoulders trembled but he nodded his head and crawled off Jonathan’s lap. He popped a dirty thumb into his mouth. 
Jonathan cringed, but the kid had survived this long. He probably wasn’t in any immediate danger—at least not from bacteria or parasites. Jonathan wanted to bust Reuben’s nose for what he’d done to Gabriel. If he laid so much as one finger on Paul; he’d do more than just smash his face.
“Jonathan?” It sounded more like ‘Jon-a-fun’ with his thumb in his mouth. “Can you sing that dragon song again? The one ‘bout that little boy that grows up and don’t come round no more?”
Jonathan smiled for the first time in what felt like days. “Sure, kid. As long as Lightning doesn’t mind.” 
He didn’t. He was too busy eating his double ration of oats to care about anything else.
“Puff the Magic Dragon” was the song Mom had always relied on when Jonathan and Frankie were sick or scared or just too riled up to fall asleep. Jonathan didn’t know if it was a product of his coma-rattled brain, a dream, or a true memory—but it was also the song he’d heard her singing while he lay in the Intensive Care Unit in Landstuhl. 
By the time Jonathan finished rubbing down Lightning, Paul was asleep.
Jonathan scooped him up and carried him back to the house.
Paul wrapped his arms around Jonathan’s neck and his legs around his chest. He snuggled his head into Jonathan’s shoulder and whispered, “Momma.” 
That one word nearly ripped Jonathan’s heart right out of his chest. He felt the pain of Franklin’s death every day. But Paul was only four. His mother was dead and his father was a monster. 
Jonathan kissed Paul’s cheek and whispered, “It’s going to be okay. I’ll never let anyone hurt you like that. I promise.”
Jonathan balanced Paul on his hip to open the front door. His heart skipped a beat when he noticed the flickering rectangle of light creeping into the hall from under the door of Reuben’s office. The monster was awake and hiding in its lair. 
Jonathan refused to be intimidated. He marched down the hall, past Reuben’s office toward Paul’s room. 
The creak of an opening door made his ears twitch in anticipation, but the only other sound was a deep and weary sigh. 
Jonathan turned sideways and shifted his weight onto his back foot. He didn’t want to fight with Paul in his arms, but there was no way he was letting Reuben anywhere near the child. “Stay back.”
Jonathan was angry but he hadn’t meant to sound so…threatening. 
Reuben’s eyes widened. “I’m not going to hurt him. I just want to put him to bed.”
“If it’s all the same to you, I’d like to do it myself.” 
Reuben’s eyes flashed with anger, but he nodded his assent and stepped out of the way when Jonathan growled at him. 
He balanced Paul on his hip and pulled down the covers on his bed. But when he tried to lay him down, Paul clung to his neck.
He laid down beside him and hummed a few bars of “Puff the Magic Dragon.”
When Paul relaxed his grip, Jonathan slipped out of the bed. 
Reuben was still standing in the doorway—watching. “You seem to have a way with him.”
“Maybe that’s because he knows I’d never beat him with a bull whip.”
 Reuben put a hand on Jonathan’s shoulder. “Come to my office. We need to talk.”
Jonathan shrugged it off and glared at Reuben but gave him a curt nod and followed him down the hall. He’d talk to the man alright. With his fist.
Chapter Twelve
Betrayed

“Have a seat, Jonathan.” Reuben looked and sounded exhausted. He should be, Jonathan thought bitterly, beating people was hard work.
“First of all, I don’t have to justify my actions to anyone, least of all an insolent, disrespectful kid.” Reuben scrubbed his face with his hands and sighed. “But I like you, Jonathan, and I think it will help you adjust to our society if you understand that I punished Gabriel because I love him.”
Jonathan’s stomach churned. What a pitiful excuse. He’d been spanked a couple of times as a kid and even then it was with an open palm, not a bullwhip. Both times Dad had claimed, “This is going to hurt me more than it will you.” Jonathan hadn’t believed it then and he didn’t believe it now. 
“Your parents had the luxury of raising you with gentle discipline. In a world where individual rights are respected, a headstrong, stubborn child will usually mature into an independent and valuable member of society. 
“But here, in this harsh world, the head that does not learn to bow to authority is more often than not severed from the body. I don’t want to witness the torture and execution of my sons…or the man that has stolen River’s heart.” Reuben leaned back in his chair, folded his arms across his chest and stared at Jonathan. 
The silence and tension grew increasingly more uncomfortable. Jonathan’s pulse raced, but he refused to verify or deny Reuben’s unspoken accusation. He didn’t want to cause problems for River. Besides, their relationship was none of Reuben’s business. Jonathan didn’t glare, but he didn’t look away either. He refused to let this man intimidate him. Reuben finally gave up and started talking again. 
“When punishment is only an abstract idea, the consequences of future transgressions seem unreal. It is better for a person to suffer painful beatings, and learn to obey every command instinctively; than to enjoy an idyllic childhood and pay for a thoughtless mistake with their life as an adult.”
Reuben’s eyes bored into Jonathan’s. “Do you understand what I’m saying?” 
Jonathan understood the theory, but the practice still seemed disproportionately harsh. “Couldn’t you just talk to him? Give him extra chores or something?”
Reuben rubbed his brow and sighed heavily, as if the act of breathing required a herculean effort. “What happens to you, Jonathan, if you break a minor law? Say, you get caught driving an automobile too fast.”
“I get a speeding ticket, go to court and pay the fine.” 
“How many times have you been caught speeding?”
Jonathan scratched his head and thought about Reuben’s question for a minute. “If you just count the times I was actually given a ticket, only three. I don’t know how many warnings I’ve gotten.” 
“It doesn’t look like you learned anything from these ‘tickets.’ What if the first time you got caught speeding you were jerked out of your car and given three lashes with a bullwhip. Do you think you would be inclined to speed again?”
Jonathan didn’t answer, but he was beginning to see Reuben’s point.
“Do you know what happens in our community when someone breaks a minor law, equivalent to speeding?”
“Why don’t you enlighten me?” Jonathan cleared his throat to cover the growl. He didn’t know where all the animal sounds were coming from, but he needed to get a handle on it.
Reuben clenched his jaw. He obviously didn’t like Jonathan’s tone of voice, but he seemed willing to let it pass.
“Let’s say someone steals an apple from the communal food supply, what do you think might happen?”
Jonathan felt all the color drain from his face. River must have stolen that apple they shared. Why on Earth did she take such a chance? Surely she knew what would happen if she were caught. In spite of his best efforts, Jonathan’s voice shook when he whispered, “I don’t know.”
“If it were their first offense, they would only lose a finger.”
Jonathan would fight to the death before he let anyone lay a hand on River. Could he pull the son of Ephraim crap on Reuben? No. Reuben already knew about the prophecy. He’s the one that pointed it out to River. 
“What if the person that stole the apple didn’t do it for their own benefit, but gave it to a friend?” Jonathan’s heart pounded so hard he could barely hear his own words over the roar of blood rushing through his veins.
“In that case, the friend could step forward and sacrifice their own flesh on behalf of the thief’s. Seeing someone you care about suffer for your sins is often a better deterrent than personal injury to one’s own self.”
Jonathan nodded resolutely and glared at Reuben. There was no way in hell he would let River pay for that damn apple with one of her fingers. 
“River gave the apple to me. I accept full responsibility.” Jonathan’s blood ran cold, but he did not waver in his determination to protect River at all costs. “Let’s get this over with.”
Reuben’s expression softened. “Relax, Jonathan. No one is going to lose any fingers this time. River did not steal from the community. That apple came from my own rations.”
Jonathan was relieved, but he didn’t want to see River whipped either. “Well, whatever the hell you’re planning to do to her, you can do to me instead.”
“River traded three arrows for one apple.” 
An audible whoosh of air escaped Jonathan’s lungs.
“That was a mean trick.” Jonathan’s heart gradually resumed a normal pace.
“It wasn’t a trick. It was a test.”
Jonathan’s eyes narrowed into slits. “What kind of test?”
Reuben scratched at the stubble on his chin, then leaned back. “I had to be absolutely certain that you would protect River no matter the cost.”
“I would give up my life to protect her.”
“Will you also give up your values, your freedom and your compulsion to right every wrong?” 
“I can’t change who I am.”
Reuben sighed. “I didn’t think so. And even if you could, you wouldn’t be the man River deserves.”
“What’s your point?”
“You need to take River and leave.”
“What about the son of Ephraim prophecy?”
“I don’t want River mixed up in that. It’s too dangerous.”
“She won’t leave willingly.”
“She will if you tell her to.”
“What makes you think that?”
Reuben placed his palms on his desk and leaned forward. “Did you mate with River?”
“Not exactly.”
Reuben narrowed his eyes. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Something told Jonathan that now was not the time to lie, mislead or leave out important details. He told Reuben everything, including the fact that he’d bitten River, not just once, but twice.
Reuben leaned back and stared at Jonathan. “And you’re sure her fever broke?”
“Absolutely.”
“And other than glowing eyes, fever and petting a wild wolf, you didn’t experience anything…extraordinary.”
“Nope.”
Reuben scrubbed his face with his palms. “I don’t know what to think. Maybe I shouldn’t interfere?”
“Did you have a plan of how to get River and I out of here without the council killing you and Gabriel?” Jonathan held his breath.
Reuben nodded. “Shula has some herbal concoction that simulates death. I’ll have her administer it to you and River; show your bodies to Jessie and Eli so they can testify of your deaths; then take you to Red Cliff to recover. Can you find your way home from there?”
Jonathan shook his head. He cleared his throat twice then swallowed. “I agree that we need to evacuate River. But I’m staying. Someone needs to take out Zebulon. Will you help me?”
Rueben was quiet for a long time. When he finally spoke, his voice was heavy with grief. “Gabriel and Paul need to leave, too. If we fail, I don’t want them to be punished.”
“There’s plenty of room at my father’s house and he’ll take good care of everyone.” Jonathan didn’t know what else to say. “How soon do you think the pass will open?”
“We can’t wait for the snow to melt. Sanctuary will open before the pass does. All deaths must be certified by a council member unless the mountain is sealed. You’ll have to take River and the boys out another way.”
“What other way?”
“There’s another tunnel. Eli and I are the only ones that know about it. When he set off the bomb inside the McKnight Mine, it blew an opening into my gold mine.”
Terror squeezed Jonathan’s chest as he pictured the narrow tunnels, rotting support beams and never-ending darkness so thick you could taste it. “Is there no other way?”
Reuben stood up and strode around his massive desk. He grabbed Jonathan’s shoulders and lifted him to his feet. 
“I know about your claustrophobia. You’ll be unconscious during the journey through the mines.”
“What about when I return?”
“Can’t you take something to calm your nerves?”
“There’s not enough Xanax on the planet to get me through two mines on my own.” Jonathan smiled as he thought of a solution that would keep him out of the tunnels…and give him more time with Dad and River. “There’s no reason I can’t wait for the pass to open before I come back.”
Reuben frowned and quoted that damn lullaby again. “Look to the East in your darkest hour for a humble man to rise to power.” 
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“I need to know the exact hour of your return so I can have witnesses in place. I want every surface dwelling man, woman and child to be there when you emerge from the eastern face of Sanctuary Mountain and claim your birthright as the son of Ephraim.”
“You want me to make some sort of grand entrance? That doesn’t sound like something a humble man would do. And I have no intention of starting a rebellion. This is going to be a surgical strike, with as few casualties as possible. All I need are a few good men.”
“If all the surface dwellers unite behind you before Sanctuary opens, we might be able to unseat Zebulon and the council without bloodshed.”
That would be worth any sacrifice. 
Jonathan didn’t know how he would manage it, but somehow he’d find the courage to face his irrational fears. He would crawl back to New Eden on his hands and knees if he had to. “Alright. I’ll do it.” 
Reuben pulled Jonathan against his chest and hugged him so hard it squeezed the air out of his lungs. “Thank you, Jonathan, son of Ephraim.”
Jonathan thumped Reuben’s back to signal his need for air. He sucked in a lungful as soon as he released him. “How long can I stay, before I have to come back?”
“Three days.”
“Why not three weeks?” Three days wouldn’t be enough time to get River and the boys settled with Dad…or to say goodbye. 
“I can’t predict the weather that far in advance. If you make your grand entrance in the middle of a blizzard, no one will be there to see it.”
River burst into Reuben’s office without knocking. She grabbed Jonathan’s vest in her fists. “I forbid you to proxy for Gabriel.”
Reuben closed his eyes then opened them slowly and stared at Jonathan. “You were going to proxy for my son?”
“Yes.”
Tears leaked out of the corners of Reuben’s eyes, but either he didn’t notice, or he didn’t care. He let them slide down his cheeks without blinking.
River put her hands on Jonathan’s cheeks. “I admire your courage and willingness to take Gabriel’s punishment. But if you ever try a stunt like that again, no matter how noble the cause, I’ll never forgive you.”
Jonathan opened his mouth, but before he could speak, Reuben interrupted. “You are speaking to the son of Ephraim, woman. You will harken to his council and obey his every command. Do you understand me?”
River’s hands fell from Jonathan’s face, then hung limply at her sides. She curled in on herself, bowing at the waist, and whimpered.
Jonathan gathered her to his breast and growled at Reuben. “That was not necessary.”
River continued to shiver as she raised her chin. “I am Jonathan’s mate. Not his servant. He would never force me to do anything against my will.”
Jonathan’s heart fell to the floor and shattered. “River.”
She lifted her face to his. Her eyes burned bright with purple fire. 
His heart resonated with hers. The air acquired a green cast. He knew his own eyes were glowing. He felt the love and trust and loyalty flowing from her body to his. “I will never give you a direct order; unless it’s a matter of life and death.”
River pushed away from him and crossed her arms over her breasts. “What’s going on?”
“I’ll ask for your cooperation, but if you refuse, I’ll use any means to protect you.”
“Protect me from what?” River glared at him.
Jonathan didn’t glare back, but he kept his gaze locked on her eyes. “The revolution to free New Eden.”
Her trembling increased. “How do you propose to protect me?”
“I’m taking you, Gabriel and Paul to my father’s house.”
“If we disappear, Reuben will be executed.”
“No I won’t.” Reuben looked and sounded as if he’d aged twenty years. “I have a plan to fake your deaths.”
“There won’t be a revolution without the son of Ephraim to lead it. Jonathan and I can’t leave.”
Jonathan’s heart ached for River. “As soon as I’m sure you’re safe, I’m coming back.”
“No!” River slammed her palms on Reuben’s desk. “I am bound to you. I go where you go. I live where you live. I fight where you fight. And if you die, so do I.”
“I’m not going to die.” Jonathan wrapped his arms around River. Instead of melting against him, she stiffened so hard he was afraid she’d break. She must have clenched every muscle in her body. 
“You don’t know that.”
Jonathan stroked her hair. “I’m the promised son, remember?”
River pressed her palms against Jonathan’s chest and turned her head towards Reuben. “This was your idea, wasn’t it?”
”It was Jonathan’s idea for him to return. But I agree with him.”
“How can you do this to me? You know I’m bound to Jonathan. You know the kind of pain we’ll both suffer while we’re apart.”
“You’ll live.”
“I’d rather die.”
Jonathan gazed into River’s eyes. “I need you to be brave. War is a nasty business. I need to know you’re safe so I can do my job.”
“You need me by your side. Why else would the son of Ephraim’s mate even be mentioned?”
“Can I trust you to honor my wishes?” Jonathan glanced at Reuben. He shook his head.
River didn’t answer.
Jonathan had no clue how it worked, but he knew without a doubt that if he commanded River, and meant it, she’d have no choice but to obey.
He gripped her chin and lifted her face to his. He pressed his lips to hers and opened his heart. He didn’t care that Reuben was watching. Or that tears flowed down his cheeks. He poured all his love, passion and pain into that kiss. He wasn’t sure which of them ended it, but when it was over, he was completely drained. “I need you to stay with my father until I come for you. Paul and Gabriel will need your comfort and strength. It won’t be easy for any of you. Will you do it?”
River nodded.
Reuben cleared his throat. “Say it out loud, River.”
Her words fell from her lips between broken sobs. “Yes, I’ll do it.”
“What will you do?” 
“She said she’d do it.” Jonathan didn’t like the way Reuben was bullying River. “That’s good enough for me.”
“I will do all that you ask, Jonathan, son of Ephraim.” River took another shuddering breath. “But I won’t like it.”
River

River found it hard not to burst into tears every time she looked at Jonathan. She found it even harder not to glare at Reuben. She had to hold it all in and pretend that everything was fine all the time. 
Reuben and Jonathan had decided it was safest to keep the truth from Gabriel and Paul. The only time she was able to let her feelings show was at night when everyone else was asleep. She refused to let Jonathan mate with her until after he merged, but she did let him share her room and her bed. 
He spooned his body around hers. “Gabriel’s back has healed enough to travel.”
River’s heart stopped. “How soon?”
“Reuben is going to get the drugs from Shula tonight.”
“We’re leaving tomorrow?” River’s lungs refused to draw breath. She wasn’t ready. She’d never be ready, but she’d thought Reuben and Jonathan would have at least warned her. She needed more time to prepare herself.
“Shhh…It’s okay.” Jonathan ran his fingers through River’s hair. She unbraided it for him every night before bed. “We aren’t leaving tomorrow.”
“When?” River’s voice cracked.
“In about three days. Reuben is going to dose our food with an emetic to make it look like we’re sick.”
It made sense. It would be more believable if they appeared sick before they appeared dead. “I’m scared, Jonathan.”
“I’ve been put under before. It’s just like falling asleep.”
 “What if we never wake up?”
“Did you know that Shula has the equivalent of a real medical degree? I had no idea there was so much modern technology inside Sanctuary Mountain.”
“Shula hasn’t been allowed inside Sanctuary Mountain since she joined us on the surface.”
“They can’t take away her knowledge. Reuben assured me that Shula will be able to mix and measure the right dose of anesthetic for each of us.”
“I don’t trust her. She wanted me to mate with Eli.”
“I don’t trust her either. Reuben agreed to watch her mix and measure everything. Eli and I are getting the same dose.”
“Is Eli going with us?”
“No, it’s just a precaution, to be certain Shula doesn’t try to knock me off.”
River smiled for the first time in days. “That was clever.”
“You sound surprised.”
“I am.”
Jonathan growled quietly and rolled on top of River. He nipped her neck but didn’t break the skin. “Show a little respect, woman.”
River giggled. “Woman?”
“I’m practicing my role as the legendary son of Ephraim.”
River’s mood plummeted. “If it’s only a ‘role,’ you’ll never survive.”
“Seriously, River. I’m a trained soldier.”
“Have you ever led an army?”
“No, but—”
“How’re your archery skills?”
“Stop it. I need you to believe in me.”
“You need to believe in yourself. You need to know that you truly are the son of Ephraim.”
“Then tell me the big secret about merging. Reuben said once that happens, I’ll be converted.”
“I can’t tell you.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t know. I just can’t.” River’s wolf squeezed her throat every time she thought of telling Jonathan about shifting. “It’s frustrating me, too.”
“Yeah, right.”
River cupped Jonathan’s cheeks in her hands. “I don’t want to waste one second of our remaining time arguing.”
Jonathan smirked at her. “How do you want to waste our remaining time?”
“You could teach me a little more about the different bases of mating.”
River smiled when Jonathan’s heart skipped a beat. She loved the benefits of her enhanced hearing. She sat up. “Let me have your pillowcase.”
“What?”
“I’m going to hide it until after the omegas purify my room; then take it with me to your father’s house.”
“Why?”
River’s cheeks warmed. “So I’ll have your scent while we’re apart.”
“Can I take your pillowcase with me?”
“They’ll notice if more than one is missing.” River pulled her tunic off and handed it to Jonathan. “Take this instead.”
Instead of ogling her bare breasts, Jonathan brought River’s tunic to his face, closed his eyes and inhaled. He sighed with obvious pleasure. “Thank you.”
“If that doesn’t prove you’re one of us, I don’t know what would.”
Jonathan

By the third day, Jonathan was no longer able to crawl to the bathroom. If it weren’t the only one in the house, he would have just slept on the floor in front of the drain under the sink. He hugged the wooden bucket to his chest and dry heaved for what felt like the thousandth time. 
Shula squatted down next to his bed. She slipped her arm behind his neck and pressed the lip of a glass bottle to his mouth. “This will stop the vomiting.” 
Jonathan took a tiny sip. She was right. His nausea disappeared immediately, but three days of vomiting left him as weak as a newborn baby. 
“And this,” Shula pulled another vial out of her pocket, “will make you sleep.”
“How much do I drink?”
“All of it.”
It smelled like vinegar. “I’d like to see River before I go to sleep.”
“You’re supposed to be on your deathbed. Now drink.” 
 Jonathan slammed the potion like a shot of tequila. It burned going down, but whatever Shula had given him to ease his nausea, was still working. He couldn’t puke if he wanted to. “Will this last until after we’re out of the mine?”
Shula slid her arm out from behind Jonathan’s neck then leaned over and kissed his forehead. A hot tear splashed onto his cheek. It wasn’t his. 
“I’m so sorry, Jonathan. But I won’t let another woman’s son steal Eli’s place in history.”
Sorry? Jonathan stuck his fingers down his throat. His gag reflex was gone. “I’m not going to wake up, am I?”
“Forgive me.”
River

When River woke up in her own bed, she knew something was horribly wrong. She tried to sit up, but her body refused to cooperate. She couldn’t even lift her hands. Her mouth was so dry she could barely speak. “Jonathan?”
Gabriel’s head seemed to appear from nowhere. “River?”
“Where’s Jonathan?”
Gabriel buried his face in River’s pillow and sobbed. The hair on the top of his head brushed her cheek. It took a tremendous effort, but she managed to roll her head to the other side, away from him. She refused to think about why she was in her own room or why Gabriel was crying or why Jonathan wasn’t lying next to her.
“I’m so sorry.” Gabriel brushed the hair off River’s brow.
“Don’t touch me.” She knew he was only trying to comfort her, but it should be Jonathan’s fingers on her face. Jonathan’s scent in her nose. Jonathan’s voice in her ears. Not Gabriel’s. “Please leave me alone.”
Gabriel left, but he didn’t leave her alone. River barely had time to blink before Shula arrived with a mug of broth.
“Go away.”
“Stop acting like you’re the only one that’s ever lost a mate.”
Shula’s words attacked the fragile shield of denial River held in front of her heart. Jonathan was gone. But that didn’t mean he was dead. River clung to that tiny shard of hope even though its jagged edge sliced her to the core. “What happened?”
“He didn’t make it.”
“What do you mean he didn’t make it?”
“He died, River.”
“NO!” She pressed her hands over her ears and squeezed her eyes shut. But her sense of hearing was too acute to block out the words.
“I misjudged how much sleeping potion to give him. He never woke up.”
“It’s not true. You’re lying!”
“You need to drink this.” Shula slid her hand behind River’s neck and brought the steaming mug of broth to her mouth.
River used what little energy she had and shoved the mug away, sloshing the steaming broth onto Shula’s hand.
She hissed in pain then stomped out of the room. She returned a few minutes later with a green bottle in her hand.
“I’m not drinking any more of your poison.” River clamped her jaw shut. 
“If you insist on acting like a spoiled child, I’ll treat you like one.” Shula climbed into bed behind River and clamped her knees around her head like a vice. She held the bottle in one hand and pinched River’s nose shut with the other. 
River’s lungs screamed for air. Her heart raced in a futile effort to deliver increasingly lower levels of oxygen to her starving cells. But she refused to open her mouth. Her vision blurred then went grey around the edges before she passed out. 
River’s traitorous lungs only managed to gulp one mouthful of air before Shula poured her wicked brew down River’s throat and clamped her jaw shut. She choked, gagged and spewed a good portion of it out her nose, but in the end she had to swallow.
“You’re just making it harder on yourself. You might as well cooperate, since I’m not going to stop until I’m sure you’ve taken the full dose.” River continued to fight until she couldn’t remember what she was fighting for. The room spun.
“Are you ready to drink some broth now?”
River could barely keep her eyes open. Her mind was in a fog but she knew she didn’t want any damn broth. 
“What are you doing, Shula?” Reuben sounded angry. River hoped he wasn’t mad at her. “I told you, no drugs.”
“She purged for three days. Add the two days she’s been asleep…do the math, Reuben. If she doesn’t at least drink something soon, she’ll die.”
“Get out.”
Shula slammed the door as she left.
Reuben sat on the edge of River’s bed and stared at his hands. He looked broken. That, more than anything else, confirmed her worst fears. “It’s true?”
Reuben nodded. 
How could the almighty Alpha let this happen? What about the prophecy? Was none of it true?
“Will you drink a little broth? For me?”
River would fight Shula all day and all night but she couldn’t deny Reuben’s gentle request. She pressed both hands against her heart and drew her knees to her chest. “It hurts so much.”
Reuben scooped her up and carried her to the kitchen. He held her in his lap like an infant and spoon fed her half a cup of broth. 
“I can’t drink any more. I’ll get sick.”
“It’s alright. You did good.” Reuben stood up with River still in his arms. But instead of taking her back to her own bed; he carried her to Gabriel and Jonathan’s room. 
River buried her face in Reuben’s shoulder. She couldn’t bear the sight of Jonathan’s pristine bed. The omegas had already purified this room. His scent was completely obliterated. “No, Reuben. I can’t.”
Reuben laid her next to Gabriel, who wept, even as he slept. 
“He lost his best friend. Maybe you can comfort each other.”
Jonathan

Jonathan woke up with the worst hangover of his life. He recognized the smell and the sounds immediately. It was more intense than he remembered. Hospital. 
He opened his eyes. The room was dim; but what light there was shot a bolt of agony through his brain like an icepick. Jonathan covered his eyes with his left forearm and stretched out his hand, searching for River.
A pair of thin, dry hands enveloped Jonathan’s. “You’re alright, son.”
“Dad?” Jonathan lifted his forearm and blinked, forcing his eyelids open, just a crack. He barely recognized the fragile old man. Franklin’s death had been hard on everyone, but it took a visible toll on Dad, aging him ten years. Turning his charcoal hair to salt and pepper grey. Deepening the lines around his eyes and mouth. Rounding his shoulders. 
Jonathan had only been gone a few months, but Dad had aged at least twenty years.
His hair was now completely white, all salt, no pepper. Skin hung from his face and neck in loose folds. Purple bags drooped below his bloodshot eyes.
Dad rocked forward and pressed Jonathan’s hand against his tear-stained cheek. “I can’t believe it’s you.” 
Jonathan struggled to sit up, but he was too weak. His voice cracked. “I missed you.”
“I never gave up.” Dad smiled through his tears. “Somehow, I always knew I’d see you again.”
The squeak of rubber-soled shoes on linoleum was the only warning Jonathan got before a doctor and two nurses descended on him and kicked Dad out of the room. 
Anxiety dampened Jonathan’s joy. “I came with three other people: a fifteen-year-old boy, a four-year-old boy and a girl, River. Have you seen them?”
The doc shook his head. “I met the young man that rescued you, but he was at least twenty. And there was no one else with him.”
“They have to be here. They ate the same berries that made me sick.” Jonathan decided to stick to the cover story Reuben had given him until he figured out what was going on. 
“No other poisoning victims were admitted.”
Jonathan’s heart raced. The monitor next to his bed beeped faster. He didn’t want a sedative. “My heart rate’s up because I’m worried about my friends and my girlfriend.”
“Mm-hmm.” The doctor continued his examination while the nurses checked the various machines attached to Jonathan’s body. 
As soon as they all left, Dad pulled a folded envelope out of his front pocket. “Eli said to give this to you when you woke up.”
Eli? A cold sweat broke out across Jonathan’s brow as he pinned the envelope against his stomach with his left wrist and tore it open. Reuben was supposed to guide them through the mines and bring them to Red Cliff, not Eli. 
A note and a check fell out of the envelope when Jonathan shook it. The check was for fifty-thousand dollars; signed by Charles McKnight and made out to Eli Smith. Jonathan handed the check to Dad then unfolded the note.
Don’t tell anyone and don’t come back. Your life was spared this time. It won’t happen again.
Fuck that. Jonathan crushed the note in his fist. His heart monitor beeped faster until it topped out into a high-pitched alarm.
He dropped the note in his lap and grabbed Dad’s wrist. “No more meds. I want out of here.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, son.”
“How long have I been here?”
“Four days.”
“Shit!” Jonathan gripped the IV needle between his teeth, but before he could yank it out, Dad grabbed his hand and the back of his head.
“At least let the nurse remove it so you don’t get an infection. You won’t do your mate any good if you’re dead.”
Jonathan released the needle. “Mate?”
“That’s what River is to you, right? Your mate?”
“How did you know?”
Dad sighed, but a smile lifted the corners of his mouth. “Do you remember the photograph you found in the basement?” 
“The one that pissed off Mom?” The one Dad claimed was of his first wife.
Dad nodded as he pulled a laminated photo out of his wallet. 
“Holy shit. That’s Shula.” All the pieces of the puzzle fell into place. 
Dad’s eyes filled with tears as a grin spread across his face. “You met her?”
Jonathan didn’t want to break Dad’s heart and tell him the love of his life tried to murder his only living son. “Shit, shit, shit!”
“Jonathan, please.”
“Eli’s my brother.”
Books by Charlotte Abel

The Sanctuary Series
River’s Recruit
River’s Remorse 
River’s Revenge
Down the Rabbit Hole (Supplemental Novella)

The Channie Series
Enchantment
Taken
Finding Valor
The Gathering (Supplemental Novella)
Love Hurts (Valentine Novella)
Thank you so much for reading this book. I sincerely hope you enjoyed it half as much as I loved writing it. If so, I also hope you’ll recommend it to your friends and write a quick review on Amazon. All it takes is twenty words. Each positive review gives the book a boost in rank which helps other like-minded readers find it. I truly appreciate your support.
