ROCKIN’ RHYTHM


A Velocity novel





by Bella Jeanisse


Published by Bella Jeanisse


COPYRIGHT 2016 by Bella Jeanisse

Published by Bella Jeanisse at Smashwords

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher: copyright@bellajeanisse.com


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.


The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work, which have been used without permission. The publication/ use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.


Cover Design by Stella Price
Editing by Anita Maynard

Visit bellajeanisse.com for more information about the author and her works.

BELLA’S BOOKS

Triple Threat:
Reckless
Tragic Soul
Triple Threat
Triple Time
Rubbed Raw
Raw Reunion
Chasing Chad
Dual Desires
Desires Delivered

Wicked End:
Wicked End
Passionate Needs
Sinful Needs
Fulfilling Needs

Gasoline:
Gasoline
Persistent Urges
Evolving Urges
Forever Urges
Final Urges

In the works:
Silverblade
Brass Monkey
Mark of the Devil
Hands of Fate
Winter Winds
Wounded Hearts


Velocity Series:
Rockin’ Rhythm – Ash’s book
Shredding Dreams – Ian’s book

In the works:
Silver Strings – Bryce’s book
Driving Reigns – Leo’s book


PREFACE

Rockin’ Rhythm is my first book as an indie author. I’m excited to have full control over what books are published now. This also means I can put books out at my pace, not someone else’s. I plan to bring you all the books you have come to adore and more that I’m sure you will love even more!

This series is set near where I live now, so you’ll get to know some of my favorite haunts throughout the four book series. Velocity started with an idea about a musician and then blossomed into a book for each member of the band. That is a different concept than my other rock band books. However, that is how it came to me. Within days, each member had given me their backstory and then their future flowed. I have never had a had a story quite like this come to me.

You’ll find that Velocity is tamer than some of my other series in some ways. No worries. The heat is still there! It’s almost impossible for me to leave that out. I hope you enjoy getting to know this quartet as much as I have. These bad boys have started to grow up some, so they are ready to settle down at least a little. They are still as close as brothers, which comes in handy when shit hits the fan.

In book one, you’ll meet Ash Taylor. He is a sexy, heavily tatted blonde bassist who feels love is not for him. His love nest has a revolving door of hot women who serve only one purpose, pleasure. That ended when he realized the one woman he was interested for more than sex felt the same way.


DEDICATION

This year we had a larger group at 98Rockfest and Earthday Birthday in April. My sisters and brother-in-law even came down to party with us. Made it even more fun! No surprise, gave me lots of ideas, too! Good thing the boys of Velocity are from the Tampa Bay area.

As always, music dominated my life while this series formed. These guys play hard rock, so the music that inspired me was more sedate than my usual. My biggest influence was Papa Roach. The emotion in their songs spoke to me in volumes. Thanks, Jacoby for showing us your heart. They weren’t the only band to fuel my fire. These guys all had a hand in some part of this book: Avenged Sevenfold, Unearth, Ozzy, Led Zeppelin, Metallica, Trivium, Nonpoint, Slipknot, Sum 41, The Offspring and Blink 182.

Ya know I gotta thank my awesome team! Patricia, Traci, Kathy, Anita, Jacqui, Donna, Paula, Sonia, LaDonna and Tricia… All of you have been there with me through so much. I am forever grateful to you. Geri, Christa, Margo, Melissa, Stephanie, Sarah, Naiana, Lisa and Courtney… Thanks for sticking around and helping me where you can. It’s not easy to mention everyone who is part of my writing world. Just hope I didn’t forget anyone. If I did, thank you!


MEET THE BAND

Ash Taylor - Bass
Ian Tate - Lead Guitar
Bryce Cooper - Vocals/Rhythm Guitar
Leo Danger – Drums


CHAPTER ONE

Ash Taylor looked down at the chick on her knees before him. He had already forgotten her name. They had met a few days prior at a bar. She hadn’t realized who he was right away. Then of course, she had sobered up a bit and went nuts. He just wanted to get laid. His conscience wouldn’t allow him to fuck her while she was inebriated. He got her number and said he would call. That was one promise he regretted.
“Are you a virgin?” He was sure of the answer, but that would explain a lot.
She shook her head. “No. Why?”
“Never mind.” He groaned when she moved in the opposite direction that he did. Wow! Can this get any worse? “Did you cum yet?” There was no way he could tell. Her nod assured him that it didn’t suck for her at least.
He pulled back and slammed into her as deep as he could. Nothing. Not a sound, no movement. This is like fucking a dead fish. What’s the point of this? He closed his eyes and tried to imagine she was his last girlfriend. That woman knew how to please a man. She had no limits and was wild as hell in bed. He didn’t want her drama but wished he could find someone like her. So far, it seemed impossible.
With thoughts of a more aggressive woman, his body finally felt pleasure. Unfortunately, it dissolved immediately. He pumped harder. An idea came to mind, then was quickly dismissed. She probably won’t like anal anyway. Why bother? He started to grasp at straws. Fuck this.
He pulled out and laid down next to her. “Blow me. Do a good job, and I’ll call again.” His number was blocked, so he didn’t need to worry about her bothering him. “Leave the condom on.” Eyes closed, he felt the bed move then it dipped between his open legs.
“Why do we need the condom now?” She was reluctant.
He sighed. “Because I said so.” He always played it safe.
“Can I put a new one on you?”
With a sigh, Ash got to his feet and grabbed his jeans. He always carried several. The trailer they were in was only for sex. Since they were abundant in his area, he thought it was more convenient than driving to the next town every time he had a hook up. It also allowed him the privacy and anonymity he needed.
He looked up and saw the frown on the blonde’s face. Then another idea came to him. The dresser across the room held many supplies, one of which was a box of flavored condoms. “I have strawberry. That should taste better.”
“OK.” She hoped it did.
After he was comfortable, Ash closed his eyes and put his hands behind his head. “Now get sucking. I need to cum.” She closed her mouth over the head of his cock. He waited a while before she took him a bit deeper. “Harder. I can barely feel your mouth.” It took a few more minutes for her to get a good rhythm going. “Wait. Just stay still, right there.” He pumped his hips up a few times and watched her fake breasts jiggle slightly. “Much better.”
It didn’t take even a minute for her to ruin that as well. He shook his head and gently pushed her away. Then he laid back again, yanked off the condom and stroked himself. Why’d I bother with this chick?
She stood at the foot of the bed with her hands on her hips. “What about me?”
Although it wasn’t easy, he ignored her so he could get off. His mind drifted as his eyes closed. An image of a woman he knew was out of his league came to mind. If only she was available and I was her type. His hand moved faster. Thoughts of her always made his body respond. Before he knew it, he panted and his back arched.
“You like your hand better than me?”
Ash’s eyes snapped open just as he spewed semen all over the blanket beneath him. Droplets wound up on his abdomen as well and some on his hand. Then he heard a door slam. “Shit!” He rushed to clean up and get pants on.
The front door of the trailer was wide open. He rarely went there during the day. His eyes moved around the area because he didn’t want the neighbors to see them. He curiously glanced at one trailer in particular. That was the only neighbor he had not met. He heard it was a single woman who kept to herself.
“I’m insulted that you chose your hand over me.” The annoying chick glared at him as she threw open her car door. “How could you not want this amazing body?” She ran her own hands down her sides. “I’m a catch, Ash Taylor! You’ll be sorry you passed this up!”
He gritted his teeth. Yeah, some catch, more like dead fish. “Shut up! I have neighbors, ya know.”
“I don’t care. They can all hear about how much you suck… um… at sex.” Obviously, she didn’t have a way with words. “Everyone should know that Ash Taylor can’t get the deed done.”
He scowled. “Oh, I got it done all right. No thanks to you.” He groaned when a door opened. “Go home already.”
“You need some help with this one?”
Ash shook his head at the nosy man. “I think I got it.” He hated when anyone in the small trailer park approached him. It worried him that someone would discover his “love nest.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Less than an hour later, Ash walked into Safe Haven in the hope it would lift his mood. Usually, he called it “The Center.” He had developed the habit of visiting when he was down or bored. It was a place he wished had existed when he was a kid.
The band had created it to help single parents and low income families. They did free daycare, and also had an after school program, summer camps, and weekend events. It was open seven days a week, and even major holidays with limited staff. They knew some parents had to work all the time.
He and most of his bandmates had grown up in south Riverview, only a few miles from The Center. Most people thought of Florida as just a vacation destination. It was much more, and not all of it pretty.
Tampa was only 30 minutes away. Unless you had a car, that could be across the ocean. This isn’t helping. He knew he had to forget the past to change his mood.
With a grin, he greeted several teachers and the receptionist, “Afternoon ladies. Quiet day?”
His eyes settled on Michelle Reynolds, so he didn’t hear if anyone had replied. If only it had been you for real, instead of only in my head. Her happy face lit up his dreary day. She always made him smile. He felt better already. She was his only female friend who was not related to his band. 
He directed all his attention to her. “I thought Tuesdays were busy here.”
“It’s early. Most of the kids are still at school.” Michelle was a teacher for the five to seven-year-old range. She adored Ash from afar. His shoulder length, dirty blonde hair, bright blue eyes, and model good looks intimidated most normal women, which included her.
He took a deep breath. “Any kids here today?” He had hoped to distract himself with a basketball game or something.
Michelle nodded. “Mostly young ones.” She knew he related to the teenagers best.
“Do you have to work Saturday?” He wasn’t sure why he had asked that.
Her head snapped up. He had never showed interest in her personal life. “Not this week, since from what some parents told me, there’s a church sponsored trip Saturday to Siesta Key. I love the beach there.”
“Me too.” His smile was automatic.
He liked Michelle but had never thought about asking her out. Normal women usually didn’t react the same to his come-ons. They had never so much as shared an innuendo. He had assumed she was married with kids, although she wore no ring. Maybe I was wrong. If she had been, she would have mentioned something about going with them to Siesta Key or something. Wouldn’t she?
His eyes moved over her conservative dress. It was loose enough that he couldn’t be sure what her body was like, but he could tell she wasn’t beyond his range of preference. She wasn’t short like most women, which always made him look twice.
Her head almost came up to his eyes in flats. That put her at about 5’ 7”, since he was 5’ 10”. Movement started in his pants as he admired her natural beauty.
She didn’t wear makeup, and her dark brown hair was always up. That made his imagination churn. What’s she like outside of this place? 
He always went after hot, wild girls. It had gotten old. Maybe I need someone down to earth for a change. She could be the one I’m looking for.
He almost groaned aloud. Sometimes his head came up with outrageous ideas. Ones he didn’t think were necessary, like finding “the one” which was not a real thing. He didn’t believe in that bullshit.
Another look at her made his heart beat faster, though. Maybe she’s not as untouchable as I thought.
To test his theory, he said, “I’ll let you know the next time I’m going.”
Her breath caught. I have to be hearing things, or he’s just being nice. She led him to her classroom as she imagined them alone on the beach. “That’d be cool.”
She couldn’t believe she was able to respond to that. However, he wasn’t like most rich guys she had met. The same went for rock stars. Not that she had met any wealthy people other than his bandmates. They were nothing like him. He made her feel like she was the most important girl in the room when they spoke. His slight New York accent made her laugh at times.
Ash’s smile never faltered. She might be into me after all. The blush on her cheeks told him she had at least thought about him in an inappropriate way. Perfect!
When they entered her classroom, her assistant led the group in a scavenger hunt. Quietly, she asked, “Are you giving lessons today?”
“Nope.” Ash gave guitar lessons to the older kids when he was in town. Although he was Velocity’s bassist, he played guitar just as well. “Just bored. Thought I could help out.”
With a grin, she pointed across the hall. “The preschool room is pretty full. They might need some help.” She didn’t know how to quell his boredom. From what she had seen, he was a bit hyperactive at times.
He was slightly disappointed. He had hoped to help out in her classroom. She was always nice to him, and he liked to talk to her. Most of the people who worked or volunteered there treated him like an idiot, or like he was untouchable.
Michelle never did that to him. To her, he was just another volunteer. That made him feel normal. It was hard to come by since his band had hit it big five years prior.
After a few seconds of hesitation, he knocked on the preschool door and walked in. “Hey, Beth, thought I’d help out today.”
Two young girls ran to him and hugged his legs. “Hi, Uncle Ash!” That was something most of the younger kids called him. He had no idea who had started it. When they let his legs go, they grabbed his hands and pulled him to a small table. “Play tea party, please!” The girls were there almost every day, so he knew them well.
As always, Ash sat down and let the girls dress him up somewhat. He smiled as they poured him a cup of pretend tea. The younger ones usually lifted any of his moods, though not the babies. That room was quite noisy, and he had no clue what to do with them.
Preschoolers could be fun. He sipped his empty tea cup and acted as if it was the best thing in the world. The girls giggled and had a great time
Michelle peeked into the preschool room and smiled. Ash was a great sport. He did almost anything the kids wanted. She admired him for it.
He was great with kids of all ages. Even the day he had been in the infant room. He had looked terrified, but the babies had loved him. He had a knack for calming a frightened or upset child. She was sure he didn’t even realize it.
“Thanks for the tea, sweethearts.” Ash smiled as the girls were called for story time. “I’ll be back again.”
As quietly as possible, he left the room and walked down the hall to the gym. The older kids weren’t out of school yet. That was the age group he usually hung out with. He grabbed a basketball and dribbled it for a while. Then he shot a few at the hoop.
It made him think about his teen years. The band’s vocalist and rhythm guitarist, Bryce, had lived in the Summerfield subdivision. They’d had indoor and outdoor basketball courts.
A long time ago, they had all teased Bryce that he was rich, first because of his name. Then, because of where he lived. Compared to the rest of the group, he and their friend Reggie were rich. Technically, their families were just financially stable.
His phone vibrated and stopped the latest trip down memory lane. He yanked out his phone and frowned at the message. Since they had been home for more than a year, he had started to get antsy. Their next tour was not until the next month. He couldn’t wait.
With another glance at his phone, he replied to Leo that he was busy. Leo Danger was their drummer and the other playboy of the group. Bryce and Ian, their lead guitarist, had families.
He knew that Leo wanted to pick up women. Leo’s type was usually like the girl from that morning. In the middle of the afternoon, it made no sense to find companionship. They could go to a beach, but Ash had no desire to fuck another useless fake chick. He wanted something more. Unfortunately, he had no clue what that was.
Another text made him sigh. He quickly sent a reply:
Fine. How’s pizza sound?
Leo responded fast:
Sounds good.
Ash sent another text to Bryce and Reggie:
Meet us at East Coast.
That was their favorite pizzeria. It was locally owned, not a chain. When they opened about ten years ago, the area had not been fully developed. That was the first strip mall near their homes.
As he thought back, the neighborhood had been quite rural for most of his life. The northern end of town was the closest place to get anything you needed. Since the housing market had exploded, they could get almost anything within a few miles. That was some serious progress. He liked the semi-urban atmosphere much better.
“Uh, hey.” Michelle knew he had caught her watching him.
Ash smiled. He had walked out of the gym and found her right behind the door. “Hey.” The fact that she had been watching him made him feel good. He wanted to hang out with her but wasn’t sure what to do. “Uh… Do you play basketball?”
“I’m not very good.” She bit her lip, and her eyes drifted down. “I could try if you like.”
He shrugged. “That’s up to you.” He wished he could invite her to dinner, but it would be too weird for both of them. “Maybe I could come by tomorrow and teach you how to play?”
“I’d like that.” She had to look at him again. The smiled was involuntary. She was sure her cheeks were red. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”


CHAPTER TWO

Once in his car, Ash’s mind worked overtime. The Center was just south of Big Bend Road, so he drove north on US 301. When he passed Reggie’s block, he smiled. They had spent a lot of time there, since the property his family owned was huge.
Unlike the others, Reggie lived in the house he grew up in. His parents had moved into a retirement community in the next town south.
That made Ash think of his mother. She had meant well, but she had never been around when he’d needed her.
Between her two jobs and the exhaustion, she hadn’t had time to watch him grow up, never mind spend more than a few moments together. He regretted that he hadn’t had that time with her.
When he saw Bryce with his mother, it always hurt for a few seconds. Unlike Ash, Bryce’d had the attention of his mother almost any time he’d needed it when they were younger.
Just before he turned into the lot that held the pizzeria, he glanced at the car repair shop to the left. Andrew, a friend from high school, ran the shop. Most of their friends had stayed local. They rarely got together, but when they were in town, there was at least one party.
That month, it would be a family party, though. More than half of the ones still around had children, so it made sense. It wasn’t fair to force the guys to leave their kids behind. Damn, we’re getting old. He laughed at himself as he parked.
Since he didn’t see the other’s cars, he headed inside to grab a table and order. “Can I get a large pie with extra cheese and a large supreme for here? Then a large pepperoni and a large cheese to go.” He often ordered extra food to bring somewhere. That time, he planned to feed the garage across the street. He didn’t have a family to spoil, so he tended to give where he could.
While he sat at the table alone, Ash’s mind wandered back about eight years. They had met Ian at Raccoon’s in Valrico, northeast of Riverview. Velocity had played the bar that night. He had spotted Ian at a table and was sure he had been wrong.
As far as Ash had known, Ian was retired from the music business because his last band had broken up after the singer had a meltdown on stage. Ash had introduced himself, and Ian had offered to play with them for the night. After that, Velocity had come to be known as Ian Tate’s new band.
Leo walked into the pizzeria and waved at Aaron, the owner. He and his bandmates only ordered pizza from there, so they knew everyone quite well. He spotted Ash right away. “Hey! Did you order yet?”
“Yep.” Ash waved at a seat. “Gonna bring Andrew and the boys some food, too.”
That made Leo laugh. “No wonder they hook you up every time you bring your car in. I gotta start bribing people.”
“It’s not a bribe.” Ash shook his head. “We grew up together. It’s just a nice thing to do. Not like I have kids to spoil.”
Leo couldn’t believe his ears. “Ya know, if you just stop using condoms, you’ll have a kid in no time. If you don’t mind a psycho baby momma.” He chuckled, unable to contain himself.
“Fuck you, man.” Ash hated that Leo was never serious. “I’d make a shitty father. No point in me having kids.” In his heart though, he actually wanted them.
Bryce Cooper had just come up to the table. “Don’t say that. You’d make a great father.”
“Whatever.” Ash didn’t have an example as a kid, so he felt he didn’t know what a father really did. Although, over the past 10 years, he had watched his friends and their kids. In his mind, that wasn’t the same. Truthfully, he didn’t see himself as father material.
“I’m serious.” Bryce hated that Ash belittled himself sometimes. “You’re great with my kids and Ian’s. I’m the one who won’t get the father of the year award. Who wants a junkie for a dad?” He and Ash had been best friends since they were 12. After 19 years, they knew everything about each other. Leo had come into the mix a few years later.
Leo growled, “Don’t you start that. You got clean. You’re not a junkie.”
“I was,” Bryce admitted. “How many days was I sober on our last tour?” No one responded. “None. Even when you guys thought I was clean, I wasn’t.”
Ash waited for Bryce to sit. Then he laid a hand on his best friend’s arm. “What matters is that you did it. A lotta things take time. It’s been a year, and you haven’t gone back this time. Right?”
“No.” Bryce knew his friends were trying to help. “My kids need me sober.”
Reggie Wilson approached the group. He was part of the band’s crew. “What’s wrong?” He could see the serious tone of the conversation in their faces.
“Nothing.” Bryce forced a smile. “Just wallowing in my lonely life.”
After he had taken a seat, Reggie sighed. They had all tried to help Bryce through the aftermath of his addiction. “You talk to the kids today?” He knew Bryce missed his children.
Bryce nodded. “Yeah, this morning. Vanessa lets me talk to them whenever I want, but I can’t have them on school nights. I don’t see why. I found a house for sale right in Summerfield, down the road from her. She balked at that idea.”
“You still staying at the beach house?” Reggie had been busy with his family that month, so he was a bit out of the loop. He had three children of his own.
With a look of pure sadness, Bryce nodded again. He’d moved into the band’s custom built house in Apollo Beach when his wife had kicked him out. It was right on the water and had a beautiful view.
He rarely enjoyed it, though. Unlike the others, he was born in Florida. When he was young, he had lived in Apollo Beach. The only time he had visited since, was to get drugs or go to the beach house. None of his dealers would sell him anything at that point, which was a good thing.
“I don’t know where to go.” Bryce felt lost sometimes. “If I can’t live near the kids, then what’s the point? She knows this is killing me.”
“She wants to make sure you’ll stay clean.” Ash talked to Vanessa more than Bryce did. “Maybe when you come back clean after this tour, she’ll change her mind.”
Reggie put a hand on Bryce’s shoulder. “And if she doesn’t, we’ll figure something out. You can always stay with me. That guest house I built is almost always empty.”
“The kids like the beach house.” Bryce did as well, but it didn’t feel like home. “I’ll be fine for a while there.”
Seconds later, their pizza arrived. Ash quickly delivered the to-go pizzas to the garage and sat back down with his friends. He lifted a slice to his mouth and took a huge bite. “It’s not New York pizza, but close enough.” He had searched far and wide for something better, but no one knew how to do it right.
“I got everything set for Nicky’s birthday.” Reggie sucked down a gulp of soda. “We got the whole crew back together again. Almost everyone RSVP’d already. This is gonna be huge.”
Leo’s face screwed up. “I thought it’s a party for Bryce’s kid. Why’d you invite everyone?”
“You’re gonna tell me you wouldn’t have fun with a waterslide and a bounce house?” Reggie was glad to see Leo’s eyes light up. “Thought so. I’ll have alcohol, but we just have to be careful around the kids, or my wife will shoot me.”
Bryce looked around. “Where’s Ian?”
“He’s waiting for the kids to come home so he can take them to the gun range.” Leo shrugged. “Said he wants them to know how to handle a gun right.”
Ian Tate’s younger children were in high school. Unlike his bandmates, Ian had moved to Florida as an adult and brought his family. He was 16 years older than Ash, Bryce, and Reggie, who were 31, but they barely noticed it unless the children’s ages came up.
“How about we celebrate my 30th birthday again?” Leo smirked. “The last party was too tame. Maybe we can go to a strip club tonight.”
“Hold up. Hold up.” Sometimes Ash’s Brooklyn roots showed through. “You want another party? We had like three already. You kept telling everyone it was your birthday every time we went out.”
Leo shrugged. “You only turn 30 once.”
“Yeah, I remember.” Ash exhaled loudly. “None of us wanted a party. You should be happy we gave you one.” The night of his own 30th birthday played in his mind like a movie.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“Tonight we party like rock stars!” Leo shouted at the huge glass windows of their Las Vegas penthouse suite.
Ash rolled his eyes. “We are rock stars.”
“OK. We get to party like we’re… uh… Metallica.” Leo was so drunk, he had no idea what city they were in. “Those guys must party hard.” Obviously, he had forgotten that James Hetfield was sober.
Bryce pulled Leo away from the window before he fell through it and face planted on the strip below them. “I don’t know why you insisted we rent this place.” As high as he was, Bryce still knew a fall like that would kill his friend.
“To celebrate.” Leo threw an arm around Bryce’s shoulders. “You only turn 30 once.” He tugged Bryce to the slew of scantily clad girls on the couches. “Which of these bitches is gonna fuck you to oblivion?”
Ash sighed. “Stop encouraging him. It’s my birthday. His was last month.”
“I’ll take two if you don’t want one,” Ian offered as he took a seat between two hot blondes. “I have a lotta hidden talents, ladies.”
Leo stumbled toward the couch and dove across four women. “I’ll take these ones. We’ll have a suckfest in my room. Who’s down for it?” He got a positive response from them all. “OK, so you girls just help me find my room. Not sure where it is anymore.”
“Damn, he’s trashed.” Ash watched the fivesome walk toward the bedrooms. “Now that only the adults are left, we can have some fun.” He leaned back in the plush chair and smiled. “Should we go gamble some?”
His eyes opened wide when his pants suddenly opened. A brunette pulled his cock out and frowned.
“Don’t like it, then move on.” He hated when women didn’t find what they expected. “Gonna suck me off or is Ian more your type?” She didn’t say a word, just took the flavored condom from him and got to work.
Ash’s eyes caught movement. Bryce had a pill bottle in his hand. To Ash’s dismay, Bryce downed a few more pills. Things had gotten complicated lately. It took minutes for Bryce to end up on his back and only another one for someone to strip him naked. He turned away when a woman straddled his friend’s waist.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Ash shook off the memory quickly. If he didn’t, he would think about how that incident had started Bryce’s trip to rock bottom. Bryce’s wife had thrown him out because of something they hadn’t even know was happening. He knew he shouldn’t dwell on the past, but some days he couldn’t help it. Things had a way of coming to the surface no matter how far down they were buried. He blinked his eyes and focused on the present.
The silence made Ash’s mind wander again. It happened to him a lot. He tended to retreat into his head for too many reasons to list. Bryce told him a few times it wasn’t good to hold everything in. However, Ash wasn’t able to deal any other way. He had learned to hide his feelings at a young age, and it had become a habit.
His friends babbled about the upcoming tour, but he was still lost in his own world. Their conversation fueled memories of the first big name tour the band had gotten on. They had only been the openers, but they had been as excited as if they were headlining.
It was because of Ian that they had a tour bus, but it wasn’t extravagant. It had been nowhere near as big as the one they had at that moment. Back then, they only had Reggie and Matt on their crew. They hadn’t been able to afford anyone else.
Their first night was wilder than they had expected. The headliner had invited them to a pre-show party in the biggest dressing room they had ever seen. At the time, Ian and Bryce were married, so Ash and Leo had more fun than them. That night came back to him in a flood.
 
*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“OK. OK. One more!” Leo took the shot off the tray and tossed it down his throat. Several girls had already helped him out of his clothes. “Get to sucking, ladies.” He had been quite popular that night because of his size.
Ash shook his head. He had a drink in his hand and was buzzed. “He’s already used to this life.”
“I knew he’d assimilate quickly.” Bryce looked around and hoped he could resist the women if they started to throw themselves at him.
Ian fell onto the couch between them. “Dudes, this hot chick wants to blow me. You gotta hide me. Sherry’ll rip her hair off if she touches me.”
“Yeah, she would.” Ash chuckled.
His eyes roamed the room. In the open, all sorts of sexual acts were being performed. The alcohol was abundant and a few were most definitely high. The room smelled of marijuana, but he knew there were harder drugs easily available. He had been naïve about what backstage would be like.
Bryce slid closer to Ian when a busty blonde took a seat next to him. He waved his left hand in the air. “Married, sorry.”
“That’s OK.” She winked. “I won’t tell her.”
Ash stood and shoved Bryce to the other side of Ian. “I’m available, sweet thing.” He licked his lips as he eyed her cleavage. “How about we start with these babies?” He tugged her loose top down and exposed her breasts. They were obviously implants. Real tits didn’t stay up like that. “Oh, very nice.”
“Um, maybe you should do that in private.” Bryce swallowed hard when Ash ran his fingertips over the woman’s nipples. He groaned and adjusted his stiff cock. “Should we leave?”
Ian nodded. “Yeah, before one of us gets in trouble.”
Ash turned back to his friends and realized they had left. “Seems we have this whole couch now.”
His eyes opened wide when the blonde shoved him onto his back. Then he groaned when somehow she had his dick in her mouth. He hadn’t felt his pants open. Nervous, he glanced down. She had even put a condom on him. How’d she do that? Am I that drunk? His back arched as she sucked hard.
“Fuck!” Then cool air bathed his shaft. “What’s wrong?”
She smirked and lifted her skirt until he noticed her bare mound. “You’ll see.” She straddled his hips and quickly took his length inside her. “This is the rock star treatment.”
“I love the rock star treatment!”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“Are you in your fucking head again?” Leo snapped his fingers in Ash’s face. “Dude, where are you?”
With a jolt, Ash opened his eyes. “Shit, sorry.” He always zoned out at the wrong time. “What’d I miss?” His eyes fell on Ian. When did he get here?
“We were talking about the tour,” Ian informed him. “Since we’re mostly doing festivals, and we have some downtime between them, we should come home if there will be more than three days without a gig. I, for one, wanna hang out with my kids if I can.”
Bryce nodded. “Me, too. Also, we wanted to fly the kids in at least once. If I could, I’d like to bring them with me.”
“I still think that’s a bad idea.” Leo frowned. He knew he would have to behave with the kids around. “It’s not fair to me and Ash. We wanna get laid.”
Ian laughed. “You still can, just not on the bus.”
“I think it’s a great idea.” Ash was glad they’d suggested it. “The kids can see some behind the scenes stuff. I’ll help you keep them away from the debauchery.”


CHAPTER THREE

Friday evening, Michelle stood in front of her closet and stared at the two dresses that were appropriate for the fundraiser that night. She usually didn’t try to entice Ash, since she thought it was pointless. However, she knew he would like the black dress best. It was tight in all the right places but not in a slutty way.
The way he looked at her made her hope he was interested in her. His fame frightened her in some ways, though. She had never dated anyone remotely famous. You’re getting ahead of yourself, girl!
Men like heels, don’t they? She frowned when she realized she didn’t have black heels. If she’d had the money, she would run out and buy a pair. Ash was not like most men, so she wasn’t sure if he would notice. When she thought of his height versus hers, she shook her head. He’s only a few inches taller. Black flats it is!
With extra attention to her hair and makeup, it took her quite a bit longer to get ready than usual. She rarely curled her hair, but it was worth it. When she checked her reflection, she frowned again. After a slight adjustment, an acceptable amount of cleavage was visible. I hope Ash notices.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Ash glanced around the side of the stage at his bandmates. They had the stage built at the end of the gym for the kids to put on plays or talent shows if they wanted to. It came in handy more than they had expected. “Did you change the words-”
Bryce growled, “Yes. I know these people don’t wanna hear us cussing.”
“It’s funny when you say it like that.” Ash finally smiled. They teased Bryce about his slight southern drawl sometimes.
He was nervous as hell. That night, a fundraiser was being held at The Center to pay for the summer program. Although the band provided most of the funds for it to run, they knew there were plenty of wealthy people in the Bay Area who would love to contribute. Every year, they held the event and performed a few songs. It was always on the second Friday in March, so donors could plan ahead.
“A lotta hot chicks here tonight.” Leo peeked out from the side of the stage again. “Need to get me some rich pussy tonight. At least she won’t ask me for shit after.”
Ian rolled his eyes. “I thought I was shallow.” He was on his best behavior because his family was there. Although he and his wife were separated, they stood together at charity events. “You better not fuck up donations tonight.”
“I won’t.” Leo winked. “I’ll hit on ’em after they hand the checks over.”
Ash scanned the crowd. He smiled when he noticed Michelle. It had been two days since he had last seen her. She was a good listener, so sometimes he talked to her when he needed to get something off his chest.
He regretted that he didn’t make more time to hang out with her Wednesday. He had come in just to teach her to throw a basketball. The more he got to know her, the more he liked her.
He felt as if he wasn’t enough for someone like her, though. She loved kids and likely wanted some of her own. That was something he knew would never happen for him. He didn’t want to mess up a child’s life.
“You guys ready?” Reggie had everything set up. 
Leo jumped up. “Definitely.” He loved to play live. The adrenaline rush was better than any drug he had tried. With a twirl of his sticks, he walked out onto the stage. After a wave to the crowd, he settled behind his stool. The reaction was less subtle than usual, but it made sense since they were only at The Center.
Ian walked out as he played the intro to “Into the Darkness.” They had chosen their songs carefully. The set was tamer than it would be on the tour. He liked to play any of the rock sub-genres, although his preference was metal.
Velocity played mostly hard rock. With heavy riffs and intense beats, they had a wide range of fans. Most of their singles wound up on the radio. Ian was surprised that some of their songs got radio play. Many years ago, it wasn’t possible. 
Right on time, Ash started to play as he strolled onto the stage as well. He smiled at the room full of people. It was much easier for him to be himself on stage than it was one-on-one.
His eyes settled on Michelle for a few seconds. She was obviously a fan. He was glad she liked their music. It could be complicated if she didn’t, or worse, if she was a groupie.
He couldn’t see her that way. She didn’t dress slutty or come on to him. When they talked it was as if he were a regular Joe to her. He liked that the most about her. Some of the other volunteers gawked or rambled on about his looks or skills. He hated that.
Bryce nervously stepped out from behind the curtain. It was his first performance sober in many years. His fingers flew over the frets of his guitar automatically while he approached the mic. One glance at Ash next to him gave him courage. Eyes closed, he belted out the first verse.
Relief came over Ash. He had felt Bryce’s anxiety. His worry dissolved as soon as his friend started to sing. It was as if nothing had changed.
They had all worried the end had come for Velocity when Bryce couldn’t control his drug use. When Vanessa came to Ash in tears, he knew he had to do something. It took days of discussion, but the rest of the band gave Bryce an ultimatum: rehab or he would be replaced. Thankfully, Bryce had chosen right.
They segued into “Crazy Like Me.” Ash had written it about his last girlfriend. She had matched him in every way but drama. He liked to keep a low profile and compromise. She just wanted her way all the time and was quite irrational about it. He basically bent until he broke. Their last moment was of him telling her to fuck off as he walked away.
His focus drifted to Michelle again. She was nothing like that. Then again, looks could be deceiving. She had dressed conservatively again. For all he knew, she could be a wolf in sheep’s clothing. He didn’t even know where she lived. She’s not into you. Give it up. He took a deep breath. Shut up. Sometimes his mind was his worst enemy.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

When their set was over, the band made their way through the crowd and shook hands. It was not something they did at every performance, but schmoozing was necessary to get people to write big checks. Rich people also liked to brag that they knew them.
As soon as possible, Ash found Michelle. He gave her a big smile as he looked over her black dress. Up close, it was less conservative. It hugged her curves just right. “Good to see you here. How’d you like the show?”
“Amazing as always.” Michelle blushed. She hadn’t meant to reveal that she had seen them before. “I’m sure you guys always rock.”
He couldn’t hide his grin. “I’d like to think so. At least we try hard.” He winked.
“I hope we bring in enough money to start a teen mentoring program.” She smiled at him.
Suddenly, he was at a loss for words. He watched her dark hair move over her shoulders. Usually, it was pinned up. She was even more beautiful with her hair down.
His eyes roamed her body slowly. She was a real woman, not a skinny model. He appreciated that. When she moved toward him, his arm accidentally bumped her breast. His smile widened. They’re real.
“Sorry about that.” He swallowed hard. “Kinda spaced out there.” His gaze went to his bandmates who were surrounded by their families. It made him a bit sad.
Michelle also glanced at the others, who seemed to be with family. “Are your parents here, too?”
“Uh…” Ash usually made something up, but he felt the need to tell her a partial truth. “I don’t have parents or grandparents.” He couldn’t help but look away.
Her face screwed up. “Everyone has… Oh, sorry.” It took a few seconds to get his meaning. “I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“I’m fine.” He shrugged. When she suddenly hugged him, he felt her empathy. It was an odd sensation. “Thanks.”
She held him tightly for a few seconds. “If you ever need to talk, I’m here for you.” She couldn’t help but smile when he wrapped his arms around her.
His nose filled with the fruity scent of her shampoo. He took a deep whiff and sighed. She even smells good. His hopes fell when he realized that he would corrupt her. “Uh…” He let her go. “Thanks, but I don’t want to keep you from anything.”
“You’re not.” She stepped back and saw confusion in his eyes. “I didn’t get a chance to eat dinner. Would you mind joining me at the new Mexican place by the Speedway?”
He wanted to say yes very badly. Her expression changed to a slight pout. Damn, those lips. She had full ones that he involuntarily imagined on his cock. Stop that! His internal dialogue would make most laugh. Some days it made him laugh at himself.
“I just mean as friends.” She squeezed his arm. “Not a date or anything. Didn’t mean to put you on the spot.” She stepped back when he didn’t answer. “Maybe another time. I need to go to Walgreens anyway.”
Ash came back to reality just as she walked away. “Wait!” He groaned when he realized his volume had attracted attention. “Um…” He rushed after her. “Sorry. I was lost in my head. I do that a lot.”
Slowly, Michelle turned around. “It’s OK. I do that, too.”
“Does the offer still stand?” He almost laughed at the joy on her face.
Her eyes went to the dimples she hadn’t noticed before. “Yes.” She knew he was not in her league, but she couldn’t let the chance to get to know him go. “Should I invite your friends?”
“No.” He shook his head quickly. “They’d just be a bunch of dicks.” He glanced up. “Sorry.” Her blush and smile made him think that maybe she wasn’t so innocent. “Leo has a sick sense of humor, and the other two want us to settle down. They’d probably annoy us all night.”
She absently rubbed his strong bicep. “Shall we go then?” She couldn’t believe she had been so bold. And he agreed!
Ash led the way to his Chrysler 300. “I’ll bring you back here to get your car.”
“OK.” Michelle was shocked when he opened her door and closed it for her. As soon as he settled behind the wheel, she watched him. “I’ll go to Walgreens later.”
He shrugged. “I don’t mind stopping by.” He sighed. “But I’ll stay in the car.”
“Why?”
“I don’t go to stores often,” he explained. “Usually I meet a fan and pandemonium erupts. It’s not fun. Good thing for the internet.”
She was taken aback. “I didn’t even think of that. Sometimes I forget who you are. You sure you’ll be all right at the restaurant?”
“I’ve been there before.” He started the car, then pulled out of the parking space. “I stick to places where they know me. Most of the time, they can sense when things are about to go down. Walmart can get hairy. Once, this guy screamed my name. People who had no clue who I was asked for an autograph. I pay people to shop for me now.”
As she admired the leather seat and high end interior of the car, she tried to think of something to say. She didn’t want to tell him that she lived in a trailer and had an old used car. Although Safe Haven paid her more than most teachers made, she had student loans and many bills to pay.
She had naively allowed everything to be put in her name when she and her ex-fiancé had moved to Florida. Each month, that had added up to almost her entire paycheck. No way did she want him to know.
“You’re so quiet.” He pulled into a spot close to the drugstore entrance and shifted into park. “Everything OK?”
Michelle nodded. “I guess it’s my turn to space out.” She giggled. “I’ll be back in a few.”
While he was alone, Ash debated if he should ask her out on an actual date. Maybe if tonight goes well. In order for that to happen, he had to be on his best behavior.
Damn. That means not getting laid. He was not used to that. Every woman he met dropped their panties before he thought about it. This’s gonna be hard.
Not long after, they sat at a rear table as they checked the menu. Michelle glanced at Ash once in a while with a shy grin. A few days prior, he had given her a basketball lesson in Safe Haven’s gym. She had continually missed the basket, so he’d stood behind her and tossed the ball a few times with her.
It had been quite intimate to her. He didn’t falter from the lesson somehow. Either he doesn’t have a sexual attraction to me, or he’s the most controlled man in the world.
After they had ordered, Michelle tapped the table. “I got the feeling at The Center that you wanted to talk about your family. Do you?”
“Not sure.” Ash stared at the table, nervously.
She decided to start with an easy subject. “You sound like you’re from the Northeast. What part?”
“Brooklyn.” He glanced up. “You can’t tell?”
With a grin, she shook her head. “Sometimes your accent gets a bit worse, but I wasn’t sure. How long have you lived here?”
“About 20 years.” He took a deep breath. Although he planned to say more, he couldn’t find the words.
When she noticed he struggled, she saved him. “My parents live in Indiana. I moved down here with my fiancé. He’s a college professor.”
His eyes opened wide. I have no chance with her.
“Then he dumped me for a student.” She was shocked when his eyes lit up. Is he happy that I’m single? “I go visit sometimes, and they stay here a few weeks in winter. I just can’t go back. I have roots here now.”
He smiled. “I get it. For what it’s worth, that guy was an asshole for leaving you.”
“Thanks.” Her heart went out to him. He was obviously in pain. She reached over and took his hand in hers. “You don’t have to tell me anything.”
Comforted by her tender gesture, he laid his other hand over hers. “For some reason, I want to. You always make me feel so safe… I feel like I’ve known you for-” He bit off the corny comment. “Well… I’m calm when you’re around. Not many people can do that. You treat me like I’m the boy next door. Not-” He checked around them for eavesdroppers. “Who I am. I’m not used to that.”
“To me, you’re a nice guy, not a rock star,” Michelle admitted. “I know girls throw themselves at you. Who could blame them? You’re hot as hell.” Her face quickly reddened. “I didn’t mean to say that out loud, but you are. I see beyond that too, though.”
“Which is why I trust you,” he whispered. His voice low, he continued, “Me and my mother moved to Florida when my father left us. My great aunt offered us a room in Apollo. It was a small bungalow. I slept on the couch so my mom could sleep better. She died young, heart attack.”
She met his sad eyes. “Had your grandmother passed before that?”
“Nah, she wouldn’t take us in. She’s not a very nice person. Most of our other family wouldn’t talk to us. My aunt and my mom fought a lot. I always worried we’d have to move again. Lucky for me, I met Bryce and Reggie, then Leo. We’ve been inseparable ever since.”
With tears on her cheeks, Michelle said, “I’m so sorry you had to go through that.” She felt like her issues were minimal in comparison to his.
“It wasn’t so bad.” He shrugged. “At least they didn’t abuse me. Poor Leo-” He clammed up quickly, afraid he had outed his friend.
She heard what he hadn’t said. Her chest constricted. These boys are full of surprises and emotional pasts. That was likely why she could talk so easily to them. They were real. She didn’t want to reveal that she knew about Leo’s abuse. “I was lucky. My parents are nice.”
“Good.” He was glad she’d had a better childhood than he did.
Their food was served and conversation stopped. Ash looked up once in a while, a bit self-conscious. Most dates he had gone on were with girls who didn’t shut up. Michelle was content to just eat. Stop thinking of this as a date! He glanced back at his food. Unlike usual, he ate his burrito with a fork and knife. He didn’t want to embarrass himself. Normally, he didn’t care. That meant she was different. Obviously, numb nuts! He shook his head slightly. It seemed that she made him lose his mind.
“What do you guys usually do during your downtime, other than hang out at The Center?” Michelle was very curious about what they did on tour, but was afraid to ask.
Ash looked up and smiled. “Depends. Bryce and Ian have kids, so sometimes they do family stuff without me and Leo. We hang out, party some. I tend to write music when I’m alone. My head gets cluttered, so it helps me deal.”
She was amazed. “Sounds interesting. I can’t imagine what you guys do on tour.”
“You don’t wanna know.”
He was sure she had a clue. However, he could never admit to her that he got high sometimes and used women for sex or any of the other unsavory things that were normal to him on the road.
She didn’t seem disgusted. That’s good. He took a deep breath. She made him want to change his ways. The memories that had come back to him that week had made him realize how empty his life was without his bandmates around. It’s time for a change.
“Hey, there’s a birthday party for Bryce’s oldest next Sunday. You wanna come?” He regretted the offer right away. You’re moving too fast, idiot.
With a small smile, she replied, “Sure. I’m free.” She couldn’t believe he had asked. “What should I bring?”
“Uh…” He hadn’t expected a yes. “Um… Well… Reggie’s gonna barbecue.” She had met a few of the crew members. “Guys don’t think of stuff chicks like, though. I’ll ask Vanessa what she needs. Oh, uh, that’s Bryce’s ex-wife.”
After a minute of thought, she said, “How about I make crab dip… or loaded nachos.” When she saw his eyes light up, she grinned. “OK loaded nachos it is. You’re gonna love them.”
That was his favorite appetizer at any restaurant that served them. How’d she know? Maybe I told her once? He had to say something. “Sounds awesome. Where should I pick you up?”
Her face fell, and her eyes drifted down. “Uh… uh… I—I’ll meet you there.”
“Why?”
Her expression screamed embarrassment. He hoped it didn’t mean she was embarrassed to be seen with him. That doesn’t make sense.
“I’m not shallow. I know everyone don’t live in fancy homes.” He leaned forward and lifted her chin. “I’d never judge you. Just tell me if you don’t want me to know where you live.”
She shook her head slightly as she fought tears. It was a stupid reaction in her mind. “It’s not that.”
She closed her eyes to get herself together. When she felt she could continue, she met his concerned gaze.
“I’m not proud of where I live, but it’s only temporary.” She swallowed hard. “Until-” She pursed her lips. The last thing she wanted was his pity. “Never mind. If you really want to pick me up, that’s fine.”


CHAPTER FOUR

“God, yes, Michelle.” Ash’s back arched as she ground her hips into him. As soon as possible, he reached up and grabbed her ample breasts. “Fuck me harder.”
She looked down at him through her lashes, lids heavy with desire. “Anything you want, baby.” Her hips lifted higher and dropped hard. “Anything.”
“Fuck.” He groaned loudly. She knew how to work his body. “I knew you’d be perfect.”
His body shuddered when she squeezed his cock just right. Her hair brushed his chest as she leaned down to him. Instinctively, he held her face and forced her lips to his. Each kiss made his heart beat faster. Her body rocked back, and she took his full length. A moan escaped his lips. His hands moved over her body slowly. Her silky skin turned him on even more.
“Hold onto me.” He grinned into her hair when she complied. Quickly, he rolled them without losing their connection. Then he adjusted her legs and hips until they were exactly where he wanted them. “Gonna fuck you good.”
Slowly, he withdrew to the tip and rammed back into her. Her loud cry made him smirk. As he stared into her eyes, he pumped into her at a fast pace. She clawed at his forearms, overwhelmed. He kept up the furious pace while she continually orgasmed.
“Ash… Ash… God, Ash!”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Suddenly, his eyes opened. “Goddammit! Stupid fucking dreams!” He lifted the sheet from his hips and glared at the raging hard-on. “You traitor.” A vision of Michelle on top of him flashed by. “Dammit! You win.”
He took a hold of his shaft and stroked it a few times. Then he reached over to the nightstand and took out a towel and a bottle of coconut oil. Leo had gotten him hooked on it. Eyes closed, he coated his hand then rubbed it over his cock, base to tip several times.
With her image in his head, he pumped his hand quickly. A twist over the head always made him moan. In his mind, her pussy was wrapped around him. The fantasy played like a movie, as he stroked himself. His hand moved faster while he watched her orgasm.
I hope she’s that hot when she cums. He groaned loudly as pleasure consumed him. “Ah, fuck!” His body twisted. Then several spurts of semen splashed on his chest. “Michelle…”
When he had gotten his wits about him, he cleaned up with the towel and checked his phone. Just as he swiped the screen, his alarm blared. He hit the stop button and sighed. If Michelle knew he had dreamed of fucking her every night since their meal together, she would likely punch him. He didn’t plan to reveal it.
After Ash had rolled out of bed, he went right to the kitchen to start coffee, then the bathroom. He had to pick up Michelle and Nicky’s cake. She had texted him her address, but he hadn’t peeked at it. He wasn’t sure why, maybe because he didn’t believe it was real.
With half a cup of coffee in him, he copied her address and put it into a map app. He didn’t bother to look at the street name. His mouth dropped when the map came up.
“Shit!” His breath quickened and his heart pounded. “It can’t be.”
He stared at his phone. Her place was three trailers away from what Ian called his ‘love nest.’ I hope she never heard me fucking. He hadn’t thought about the other residents.
That place was a bit secluded, near the end of Big Bend Road. It wasn’t a great neighborhood. He worried about her safety. Although Riverview was safe, he knew many things happened in that part of town. It was also one of the places most of them had purchased drugs in the past. Just don’t tell her.
A shower and fresh clothes made him feel more normal. He did his best to leave all his insecurities behind. He glanced down at himself. Black jean shorts, Papa Roach tank top, Nikes; his usual summer outfit.
Although it was technically Spring, the Florida sun didn’t seem to get that. It had been between 80 and 90 for the high all week.
Once in his car, confidence filled him. He knew Michelle liked him in some way. After a last glance in the rearview mirror to check his hair, he backed out of the garage. Hope this goes well.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Nervous, Michelle paced outside her trailer. She planned to wear sandals. However, she had changed her mind because she hadn’t done her toes. That meant the sand and dirt mix she walked through wasn’t a concern. The blue sundress kept her cool at least, as did the many trees in the area.
A rumble made her look up. It wasn’t Ash’s Chrysler but a quite new, black on black convertible Mustang. Who the hell is that? She knew no one nearby with a car that expensive. When it stopped close to her, she froze. Then her mouth dropped when the driver side window opened.
“Ash?” Her eyes moved over the obviously expensive car. Then to him with sunglasses and a hat that hid his face. She barely recognized him. “You have two cars?”
He smiled. “Actually, three. I got an Escalade too.”
She quickly glanced at her ancient Ford Escort a few feet away. The enormity of the situation overwhelmed her. He was loaded beyond her imagination. I’ll never have a chance. I can’t live up to his lifestyle. She debated not going.
Ash immediately regretted bringing the top of the line 2015 Mustang GT. Her face told him how inferior it made her feel. Guilt consumed him. He had thought she would enjoy the wind in her hair. Admit it. You just wanted to impress her.
“Almost forgot.” Michelle rushed back to her trailer and grabbed the large foil pan of loaded nachos. “Can’t wait for you to try this.”
When she moved closer, he quickly popped the trunk and stepped out. “Let me take that.” He lifted the pan from her hands and carefully set it in the trunk. Then he took her hand. “I kept the top up so I could surprise you.” He hoped she relaxed again. Slowly, he led her to the passenger side and opened the door for her. “I can put it down if you like.”
“That’d be cool.” She forced a smile, which helped her forget her apprehension. Her awe was hard to hide as she watched the top fold into the rear of the car. “I’ve never been in a convertible.” As she sat, she looked around. The interior was as well taken care of as the exterior. When he was behind the wheel again, she asked, “Did you just clean it?”
He chuckled. “Sorta. Yesterday. I’m kinda OCD about my cars. Leo’s not allowed in this one. He’s a slob.” He glanced at her. “Was it rude of me to pick you up in this fancy car?”
“No.” She understood. “You are who you are.” She buckled her seatbelt when he put the car in gear. “This is a beautiful car. I can’t imagine how fancy your house is.”
After a deep breath, he relaxed some. “It’s not big or lavish. I’m in Panther Trace. Leo’s got an impressive place. Right on the Alafia River.”
It was true. His home was modest. Three bedrooms (although one had been turned into a storage room), large open kitchen and living room, dining room off to the side, office, screened in patio with a pool. He had all of that, plus a pond at the end of his property. It was in a newer community just north of Summerfield.
“How come you went simple?” She was truly curious.
He shrugged. “I don’t have anyone to impress. I live alone, and I never have chicks there.” He swallowed. They might have left the mini trailer park, but he still worried she had heard him at least once. “Most of my extra money goes into The Center.” He hadn’t meant to admit that.
“It does?” She hadn’t realized the band funded it that much. From what she’d heard, they were just sponsors. “That’s very nice of you! May I ask why you care so much?” His expression turned to horror. “Never mind. That’s none of my business.”
It took Ash a few minutes to get himself together again. “Sorry. I—I just don’t like talking about it.”
“Don’t worry. I should’ve known after our talk last week. You don’t have to reveal anything personal to me again if you don’t want to.”
That made him feel bad. “It’s just hard for me… to talk about me. I’ve been alone for a long time.”
“What about your bandmates?” She caught herself quickly. “Forget I asked.”
He reached out and patted her hand in her lap. “Maybe one day I’ll tell ya.”
Michelle figured it had something to do with his mother or why he had moved to Florida. Quite often, his eyes seemed sad. She had always wondered why. He was charming but also quiet or shy. It was something she didn’t understand. At that moment, she could tell his mind churned with memories.
It was true, his childhood had come back to him. With his mother at work all the time, his aunt had verbally abused him. It was part of the reason he had gone out as much as possible. It was also why he had gotten into so much trouble.
His mother had blamed herself. Her health had been affected by the stress. That was why he held so much guilt about her death.
Minutes later, they had parked in the Publix lot. Ash turned off the car and turned to her. “Do you wanna come in or stay here?”
“I’ll come.”
He smiled. “Remind me to grab ice, too. OK?”
They walked into the store only inches apart but not close enough for him. He dampened the urge to take her hand. When she grabbed a shopping cart, he knew he was distracted. He hadn’t thought of it. There were several things on his mental shopping list. After they had wandered around and collected everything he needed, they went to the bakery to get the cake.
“Wow!” Michelle stared at the elaborate, three tiered Minions cake. “How did they do that?”
Ash grinned. “No idea, but they’re amazing.” He glanced up at the woman across the counter from them. “You guys did an awesome job.”
“Don’t forget the ice,” Michelle reminded Ash just as they reached the checkout line. She watched him walk away and smiled. He was nothing like the other men she had met. Who but him would invite a woman he was not dating to a family party?


CHAPTER FIVE

“I never seen so many pickup trucks in one place. Bryce tells me it’s to haul your stuff. What stuff?” Ash laughed along with Michelle as he scanned the vehicles parked in front of Reggie’s place. “When we moved here, me and Mom counted pickup trucks one day. It was crazy. Within a few miles, we counted like 50 of them.”
She opened her door. “Glad I don’t have one. Seems you’d make fun of me.”
“Probably.” He popped the trunk and smiled. “But I’d never mean it.”
“You guys decided to show up!” Leo called out when Ash and Michelle entered the backyard from the driveway. “Need help?”
Ash nodded. “Yeah. Trunk’s open.” He continued to the group gathered under a large tree. “Where should I put the cake?”
Reggie’s wife, Clara, rushed forward. “Kitchen. It’s too hot out here.”
“Lead the way.”
Ash had a crush on Clara in high school. She had grown up in the area as well. When Reggie had asked her out a year after graduation, he’d backed off. Ash followed her to the large kitchen and set the tall box on the wide island in the middle of the room.
“How’d you get the kids to keep the living room so clean?” He was used to their home being slightly disheveled. With three children under eight, it was to be expected.
Clara laughed. “They’ve been in the bounce house since it was set up early this morning. I told Reggie if he didn’t keep the kids out of the house, no sex tonight.”
“Damn!” Ash chuckled. “Good idea.”
Outside, Michelle looked around in awe. She had set the loaded nachos on the table of food located under a tent. The smell of grilled meat hovered in the air.
Her eyes moved to the extra-large gas barbecue several feet away. Bryce was in front of it, engrossed in checking the meat. She didn’t know what to do with herself. Although she knew the band members and a few others around, she felt out of place.
When they had turned off US 301 and onto the rural street, she was confused. As far as she knew, that street held only farms. They had passed several large open spaces with cows, goats, and horses.
Just as they had turned into Reggie’s driveway, she noticed the farm next door. The smell of animals had overwhelmed her nose for a few seconds. Ash had admitted he couldn’t stand the smell either. Since he was also from a northern city, it made sense.
She smiled as she checked out the huge backyard. It had to be at least four acres. The front had been quite an expanse as well, so the property was worth a pretty penny.
The party seemed to have started without them. At least 20 children ran around or enjoyed the giant inflatables. There was a bounce house and huge waterslide with a small pool at the bottom. It was a child’s dream party. Excited, she pulled her camera out from her purse.
“Uh… You’re not gonna sell those pictures, are you?” Leo had watched her take a few shots while he carried several bags toward the back door of the house. They had some family photos released before.
Michelle turned to him. “No. I’m just amazed.”
“Keep it that way.” Leo knew Ash trusted her, but he didn’t trust anyone.
Ash smiled when he walked outside to Michelle. She looked shell shocked. “You a’right?”
“Fine.” She smiled at him and nodded toward the waterslide. “That looks like fun.”
His eyes moved over her thin dress. “It is. We had one for the last party, too.”
Unaware of his admiration, she tried hard to hide her examination of him. He had changed into his swim trunks. It was not the first time she had seen him in that state of undress. The Center had a fenced in pool in the back for use in summer. He tended to volunteer when they ran summer camp, if he was in town.
As she thought back, he had spent much time in the pool, entertaining the kids. The kids didn’t notice his piercings and tattoos.
However, she did, and she loved them. Her eyes zeroed in on his nipple piercings. Then over the angel and devil that adorned his chest. Her gaze moved to his eyebrow bar, to his multiple earrings, then down.
His arms were covered in multiple tattoos that blended to form sleeves. From what she could see, they were music related; instruments, band logos, music notes and some song lyrics.
She also managed to get just a peek at the back piece in progress. To her, it looked like it would be a pair of wings, possibly a demon. She wanted to ask him about them but wasn’t sure how to broach the subject.
“Uncle Ash!” Several young children ran towards him.
Ash crouched down and opened his arms. “Hey, guys.” The enthusiastic children threatened to knock him over. He laughed at their pleas for him to join them at the waterslide. “I’ll be there in a few. Promise. Just need to get my friend, Michelle, settled.”
Leo approached them as soon as the children had run back to the play area. “Got me some beauties on their way.” He looked up when he heard a horn. “Mmm, they’re here. You gonna help me entertain them?” He winked, to rib his friend.
“Dick,” Ash mumbled. It was obvious Leo knew he was interested in Michelle. “Ignore him. He’s an ass.”
She had figured that out. “How come Bryce is all by himself at the grill?”
Ash glanced that way. “His ex-wife is here. Well, duh. Nicky’s their kid. He’s just avoiding her. She didn’t come alone.”
“Doesn’t he date?” She didn’t understand.
He took a deep breath. “Self-punishing celibacy.” He shook his head. “He’s punishing himself for something he did to cause the divorce.”
She didn’t pry, sure it was a private matter. “Should I offer to help him?”
“Nah.” Ash knew Bryce needed the solitude. “I’m gonna go play with the kids. Wanna come?”
Unsure, she shook her head. “I’ll just watch for now.” She followed him toward the waterslide.
Reggie looked up at the slide. His four and seven-year-old were at the top. They waved at him just before they slid down together. He cheered when they splashed into the pool at the base. He was afraid of heights, so he wouldn’t dare climb up with them. His youngest, at two, ran to him. Then he turned at the last minute.
“No way, Ethan.” He grabbed the toddler before he reached the ladder. “You’re too small.”
Ash took him from his father’s arms. “You can go with me.” He winked at Reggie. “I’m not a scaredy cat.”
Michelle watched Ash carefully scale the slide with a smile. The little one clung to his neck tightly once at the top. He sat down and moved the child to his lap, arms wrapped tightly around his small body. His lips moved, so she assumed he told Ethan to hang on.
They slid down fast as they screamed together. She laughed. It made her feelings for him grow. He was even sweeter than she had originally thought.
Ash flipped out of the pool with Ethan still in his arms. “Wasn’t that cool, buddy?”
“Again! Again!”
“Not yet, slugger.” Ash smirked at Michelle after he had handed Ethan off to his father. “Didn’t you bring a suit?”
“It’s under my dress.” She felt uncomfortable with the sexy girls around. The girls were close by, all in bikinis as they hung onto several men. “I’m—I don’t have a body like them.” Her chin tipped to the young women. “Compared to them, I’m… a big girl.” She hated her insecurity.
“Fuck no you ain’t!” Ash scowled, although he could see in her eyes that she was quite self-conscious of her body. “If you don’t join me, I’ll untie those straps and yank this sexy dress down.”
Her face paled. “You wouldn’t.”
“If I have to, I will. So you’ll relax and have fun. You look fine.” Then he noticed her glance at the bimbos. “Those chicks are so phony. I like real women.” He winked. “Women like you.” His heart pounded in his ears. When she didn’t say anything, panic rose. You blew it, dickhead!
She saw the fear and felt bad. “You’re sweet,” she whispered.
“Don’t know about that.” He licked his lips and quickly untied one side of her dress. “I can be very, very bad.” Blood rushed south as he imagined her naked on the grass. “If you want me to.”
Michelle’s breath quickened as her folds swelled. She was sure he could be bad and make her never want to leave his bed. However, she was not one to just go to bed with any man, even a rock star.
She swallowed and stared at his wet, naked chest. A finger brushed her upper arm and she shuddered. Her body wanted to give him anything he wanted. Her head had decided to take a vacation for a bit.
Her eyes moved over his muscles. His biceps were bigger than most of his friends. His chest was toned. His abs were so defined that he had that sexy V pointing to his crotch.
“I embarrassed you?” He stepped back at bit. Her face was so red, it looked like she would explode. “Sorry. Didn’t mean to.”
She snapped out of her desire filled daydream and moved closer to him. “You didn’t. It’s just… You make me think of things I shouldn’t.”
“Good.” He leaned down and kissed her nose. “Let’s go on the slide.”
Finally, over her modesty, she untied the other strap and slowly shimmied her dress down. The one-piece black suit hid most of the flaws she hated. Then she realized she would have to reveal her feet. She hated them.
“You look beautiful,” Ash whispered in her ear. When she looked up, he added, “Seriously.”
She blushed again and turned away. “I’m nothing compared to you.”
“What do you mean? I’m just a guy, nothing special.”
Her eyes widened. Does he really feel that way? “Have you looked in a mirror? You’re hot. Way too hot to be hanging out with plain old me. You must have women falling at your feet.”
“I do, but that’s because I’m in a band.” He truly believed that. “And you’re not plain or old. You’re gorgeous.”
With a sigh, she decided not to argue. She removed her shoes and socks then took his hand.
“You want me to hold you, too?” He hoped she did.
She wasn’t sure that was appropriate, but she wanted to be close to him as well. “OK.”
They climbed up when most of the children had moved back to the bounce house. Ash sat down at the top and settled her between his open legs. He closed his eyes as he buried his face in her hair. Her hips fit perfectly. “Hold on.” He wrapped his arms around her middle and moved his lips to her ear. “I’ll try to be a good boy.”
Her breath was ragged as his half hard shaft pressed against her back. She felt guilty that she wanted him with so many others around. His body forced her to respond. With a few deep breaths, she was able to rein in her desire some. Suddenly, they were moving and she screamed. Her nails dug into his forearms the short ride down. The splash into the pool was a shock.
“Wasn’t that fun?” Ash pulled Michelle onto his lap.
She met his eyes. “Yeah.” Content, she leaned her head on his shoulder and sighed.
Ash gradually wrapped his arms around her again. They stayed just like that for quite a while. He was glad she had sort of made a move, although it was not one he had imagined. The party around them faded while they sat quietly in the water.
Squeals made them both jump. Then Nicky and his seven-year-old sister, Angie, dropped into the pool around them. “Uncle Ash, what’re you guys doing?” Nicky cocked his head, confused.
“Just resting.” Ash lifted Michelle up and got to his feet. After a quick look around, he realized more people had shown up. “Guess it’s time to socialize again.” He stepped out onto the grass and held out a hand for Michelle.
She looked around. “Uh… I need to get my dress.”
“Please forget about how you look.” He lifted her up and set her down away from the muddy section. “You’re perfect just the way you are.”
“But my thighs and my-”
He put a finger to her lips. “I like you just the way you are.” He took her in his arms. “Meat on a woman is so sexy.”
“You really know how to sway a girl,” she replied in a sarcastic tone.
He laughed. “I’m crude. Sorry, but ya know what I mean, right?”
“I do.” She grabbed his hand when he stepped back.
Ash tugged her to the tent where chairs were set out. “’Sup, Ian? See you brought the whole crew.” He nodded at Ian’s three children and his two grandkids. Then he noticed Ian’s wife, Sherry. They were separated, so Ash was taken aback that she showed up. His focus shifted to her right. “What brings you out here, Jacob?”
“Spring break.” Jacob, Ian’s oldest, smiled. “We’re here for the week. I’m playing Mr. Mom.” He and their mother were never married, so she rarely traveled with him. They didn’t get along, but at least she had agreed to the trip. Curious, he cocked his head at Ash, who smirked. He knew not to ask about the woman with Ash.
Michelle shook everyone’s hand after Ash had. “Nice to meet you all.”
“How about we eat?” Vanessa said as she waved everyone to the buffet table. “I’ll round the kids up.”
Ian glanced down at Sherry. “Stay there. I’ll make you a plate.” She nodded, which told him her claim of being fine was bullshit.
“She OK?” Ash had noticed the tired look in Sherry’s eyes.
After a deep breath, Ian replied, “I dunno. Every time I see her, she looks worse. Today she can barely stand. I told her to stay in bed, but she insisted she wanted to hang out with the kids and the girls. I had to hold her up to walk across the yard. At least she lets me help her.”
“You living back home then?” Ash had hoped they would get back together. It was obvious they were still in love.
Ian shook his head. “She wants more time. We’ve been separated for two years. How much longer does she need to make a decision?”
“Wish I had an answer.” Ash let Michelle get in line ahead of him. “I’m rooting for ya, though. You two are the perfect match.” He glanced at Sherry. “Maybe you should call her doctor.”
“I already did,” Ian admitted. “Friday. She has an appointment tomorrow. I can see the pain in her eyes but she keeps saying she’s fine.”
Ash frowned. “She’s stubborn. You know that.”
“Just hope she don’t kill me when we go to the doctor instead of the beach in the morning.” Ian sighed. “You know how I feel about her.”
“I do.” Ash had seen their deep connection the moment he had met her. Their strong marriage had given him hope that love was possible. Then it fell apart, and his hopes were dashed. At least Reggie and Clara are happy.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

After they had eaten, Ash and Leo dove into the bounce house with the kids. Leo had mostly hung out with the women he had invited, but they were all quite shallow. He liked kids, but wasn’t exactly sure how to act around them. Usually, he followed Ash or Bryce’s lead.
Bryce climbed into the bounce house. “Is this a private party?” His kids were in there as well. He jumped toward them and made them fly high. Then he caught his daughter and rolled into his son. “Oh no! Bulldozer!” Both of his children laughed. They played rougher than Vanessa liked, but she was busy cleaning up with her boyfriend. He rolled the other way as he held onto them both. “Let’s get Uncle Ash.”
Stealthily, Ash jumped over the trio. He couldn’t help but laugh with them. None of them had truly grown up. Well, maybe Ian. Ash smiled when Jacob crawled in with his two sons, who were four and six. They held hands and jumped together.
Michelle watched through the net on one side. She had put her dress back on, unable to stop the self-conscious thoughts. After she had watched the melee for a few minutes, she grabbed her camera again and peeked through the entrance. She took a video while they laughed and played together. It warmed her heart. They shared her love of children.
“Join us!” Ash shouted at her. Then he dove in front of her and smiled at the camera. “You know you want to.” He winked.
She almost swooned. Why the hell does he want me? “OK, fine, just need to put my camera away.”
Ash took Michelle’s hands as soon as she stood inside the bounce house. “Jump with me.” She giggled when they bounced high. Then Leo jumped close by and made them go higher. Ash stifled a swear word. “Easy. Watch the little ones.” The inside was larger than most, but it wasn’t that big.
After a while, Vanessa stood at the entrance. “Who wants to hit the piñata?” The children scrambled out and ran toward the papier-mâché minion that hung from a tree. She followed them slowly with a smile.
Bryce hurried to catch up to her. “I can still take them to Disney next Saturday. Right?”
“Of course.” She rolled her eyes. “Why would I say no? They’d love it.”
He growled, “You say no to a lot of things.”
“Unreasonable things.” She paused and stared at him. “They can’t be late for school.”
Annoyed, he shook his head. “Forget it. I’m not gonna spoil Nicky’s party.” He rushed toward the piñata.
Ash tried to hang back so they wouldn’t hear the brief argument, but that didn’t work. He knew his best friend was frustrated. It was obvious why. Vanessa could be difficult to deal with. He approached her carefully. “How about if they all stay at my place? I live close to school.”
“I know you mean well.” Vanessa smiled at Ash. “I just can’t trust him yet. Did you know the kids found him passed out more than once last year when I went to work? He didn’t even get them to school some days. How’s that for a decent father? He’s a wreck.”
As he held back a nasty comment, Ash took a deep breath. “Was a wreck. Can’t you see how much he’s changed? He’s clean. I swear. We have him tested weekly now. It’s a stipulation of staying in the band.” He thought about the few times Bryce was too high to perform. They had to scramble to make substitutions. “We don’t wanna go through that shit again either. He turned his life around. Let him be the father he wants to be. Please.”
Vanessa stared at Ash in shock. Usually he was neutral on their fights, and even a few times on her side. What he had said sank in. She still couldn’t let go of control. Too much was at stake. “Maybe one night, and we’ll see what happens. Only if you’re there, too.”
“Thanks.” Ash laid a hand on her arm. “I know this was hard on you too, but you need to start to trust him a little. If he regresses, we’ll all back you up. From what I’ve seen the last few months, that’s not happening.”
Michelle followed them in silence. The dynamic of the group amazed her. They were like one huge family. She had never been part of something like that. Her family was quite small. When they reached the tree, she stayed back while Ash and Bryce helped the kids. She laughed when a few of them missed the piñata and almost hit the adults nearby. Then Leo took a hit to the groin.
“Oh shit!” Leo grabbed his crotch and fell to his knees.
Bryce couldn’t help but laugh. “Serves you right. You should’ve backed up like we told you.”
“Fuck you, man!” Leo shouted. “My dick better work tonight.”
Vanessa scowled. “Watch your mouth, Leo.” She turned to Bryce. “Will you get him out of here?”
Reggie and Ash lifted Leo and brought him into the house. When Leo was on the couch, Ash filled a plastic zipper bag with ice. “Next time listen when we tell you the kids got bad aim.” He chuckled. “Or maybe good aim.”
“Gimme a bat, Reggie.” Leo glared at his bandmate. “I’ll take a swing at your fucking dick.” He set the bag of ice over his aching balls. “Fuck!”
Michelle stayed outside and helped the younger children swing, so they didn’t hurt anyone else. By the time Ash returned, the piñata had still not been busted. “How’s Leo?”
“He’ll live.” Ash smirked. “Maybe it’s payback for how he tortures the rest of us.”
She didn’t understand. “How does he torture you?”
“You don’t wanna know.” Ash waved at Ian’s boys. “Come destroy this thing, boys.” The teens happily took turns hitting the piñata until it rained candy and toys. “Get in there, guys.” He made sure the younger kids got their fair share. “Look at that bag!” He grinned at Ian’s grandson.
Next was cake. Ash shared a piece with Michelle. Technically, he fed her half of his. When he got some on her nose on purpose, he kissed it to get it off. The urge to kiss her lips was great, but he fought it, like every other urge. He was glad she had agreed to come. It was the most fun he’d had in quite a long time. 


CHAPTER SIX

“You sure about this?” Ash sat at the all-way stop sign at Big Bend and Balm-Riverview. Straight was toward her place. A left would take him home. She had said she wanted to see his house, but he didn’t want to push her into it.
Michelle laid a hand over his, which was on the gearshift. “I am. Just don’t expect what you get from those bimbos at the party.”
His mouth dropped. “Huh?”
“I heard two of them say you fucked them, but you told them to fuck off today.” Jealousy burned in her veins as the words came back to her. “Sounds like you get around.”
He checked the rearview mirror for cars. Then he waved at someone who waited at another stop sign. “Uh… I did. You gotta know what kinda life I lead.” He swallowed and gripped the steering wheel with his free hand. “I haven’t…” He wasn’t sure how to word it. “Um… Since the fundraiser… I’ve been… uh… celibate I guess you could say.”
Her mouth dropped! “What? Why?”
“Oh God,” he mumbled to himself. She’s not really interested, you idiot! He couldn’t believe he had refused sex for nothing. “Never mind.”
She grabbed his arm. “Don’t do that. Why?” She read his expression. “For me? You blew off those women because you want me? I’m not that easy.”
“No! No! No!” He punched the wheel. “I’m not asking to fuck you. Well, I want to, but I can wait. I meant… I don’t live like that anymore. I don’t wanna. What I want is you. Any way you let me.” Someone honked behind him. “So… my place or yours?” He groaned loudly. “That didn’t come out right.” The driver behind them beeped again.
She quickly said, “Yours.” She knew he was just nervous.
As they headed north, many things went through her head. She couldn’t believe that he had sacrificed sex to be with her. Although they had not gone on an official date, she realized that he didn’t know how to ask her. He was obviously scared she would say no. Dinner and family events were safe. For a few seconds, she watched him. That’s when she noticed his hands shook.
“Will you be my date for the Disney trip next week?” She shivered, terrified that would scare him off.
He slowed to make a left turn then stopped. “You serious?”
“Yes.”
His grin was instantaneous. “Then yeah, I will. Sounds like fun.” He couldn’t believe she had just asked him out. His mind was blown.
“You OK?” She was worried since he hadn’t taken his foot off the brake.
He quickly looked up. “Oh, sorry. I kinda zoned out.” He checked for other cars then made the turn. “I have a few pets.”
“I’m fine with cats or dogs.” She wondered how many he had.
Just as he pulled into his driveway, he said, “How about reptiles?”
“Uh…” She hadn’t expected that. “You have reptiles? What kind?”
He was glad not to see horror on her face. “Killer’s a snake and Butch is an iguana… Oh, and I have fish too. My housekeeper takes care of them when I’m away.”
“Do they roam around the house or are they in cages?” She was nervous.
Ash pulled into the garage. “Don’t worry. Now they’re in their tanks. I won’t take them out unless you’re comfortable with it.” He put the car in park and sighed. “I had a dog, but then I found out I was highly allergic. Never had a pet as a kid. Reggie took him. I shoulda let you meet him. They had him in the bedroom so he wouldn’t jump on everyone. He’s a bit excitable.”
“I love dogs.” Michelle smiled as she let herself out of the car. “I’m allergic, too. Annoying, isn’t it?”
He shut his door and nodded. “Exactly.” He quickly warned her, “Don’t try the door. The alarm will go off.” He entered in the code on the door. “Gotta be careful.” He opened the door, turned off the alarm, and waved her in. “Make yourself comfortable. You can look around if you want. I got nothing to hide.” He smiled, then went upstairs to the master bedroom.
Michelle was a bit curious. She poked around in the kitchen. The refrigerator was quite empty, mostly alcohol, juice, and takeout containers. The freezer held some promise; frozen dinners, pizza, waffles, and pizza rolls. It was typical bachelor food.
The appliances were all state of the art. The cabinets and counters seemed to be brand new. She was surprised to find real dishware and silverware.
Since Ash had not come back, she wandered into the living room. The furniture was leather and wood, and well taken care of. The art on the walls was mostly scenes of various cities.
Nothing that revealed anything about him. There were no family photos, though she found some of his friends and bandmates. In a display case were various weapons, swords, knives, and throwing stars.
Slowly, she approached the giant fish tank. The colorful fish swam in groups for the most part. She smiled. Fish had always calmed her. Then a rattle made her jump. She turned to the slightly smaller tank that held the iguana. It bumped the glass a few times but obviously, it couldn’t get out.
Her eyes moved beyond that tank to the last one. When Ash said he had a snake, she expected something like a small black racer snake. The huge thing in the tank was a shock.
“Hey.” Ash felt bad when Michelle jumped off the ground. “Didn’t mean to sneak up on you.” He lifted the top off the snake’s tank and stroked his tough skin. “I see you met my babies.”
She nodded. “Uh, yeah. That’s a big snake.”
“Killer is a big boy.” With a grin, he turned to her. “He’s an albino ball python.”
Her eyes opened wide. “Is he dangerous?”
“No. Don’t worry. When I’m alone, sometimes I let him hang around my neck. Or if I wanna scare the hell outta someone.” He laughed. “He’ll stay in here.” He removed his hand, closed the top, and locked it. “Just relax. You ready to go in the pool, or do you wanna watch a movie?”
She wasn’t sure. “Either is fine.”
“How about a dip in the pool, then we can lay on the recliners and watch something outside?”
“Perfect.” She noticed he had changed into a different bathing suit. “Um… I only have one suit.”
He looked down at himself. “Oh… um… I had to… You don’t wanna know.” Pre-cum had leaked all over the inside of his other swim trunks. “Please forget it.”
“OK. It’s forgotten.” She had a feeling what had happened, but she didn’t want to ask. “Where’s the bathroom so I can change?”
He pointed to the left. “Thought you would have checked everything out while I was gone.”
“Not everything.” She winked and disappeared into the bathroom.
With a sigh of relief, Ash walked outside and left the sliding door open. He turned on the colored lights that framed part of the screen enclosure. Then he set up the anti-gravity recliners with a table in the middle.
After a quick check of the mini fridge, he was sure he had the right wine. Last, he ran back inside to get glasses and a snack.
Michelle was shocked at the atmosphere outside. Although it was too dark to see beyond the screen, she could see everything inside it. “This is beautiful.” The pool wasn’t too large, but it wasn’t small by far.
He smiled and took her by the hand. “Water should be warm.” He led her down the stairs, then to deeper water. When she grabbed him, he almost smirked. “I got ya.” He held her close as he walked back until the water was up to his shoulders.
“I can swim, but not too well.” She hugged his neck, slightly nervous.
He wrapped her legs around his waist. “Won’t let go. Promise.” It wasn’t easy to hold her in that position, but he couldn’t resist. She felt so good that his mind drifted.
 
*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“Is that a yes?” Ash held Michelle against the wall of the pool with his feet planted firmly. “Last chance.”
She moaned as he pressed his erection to her core. “I want you.”
“Fuck, yes!” he cried out when he thrust into her. “Perfect body, baby.”
Her nails dug into his neck as he pumped his hips quickly. A gasp escaped his mouth when she moaned in his ear. He tugged her hair slightly, then his lips moved over her throat.
Slowly, he widened her legs and ground in as deep as possible. With precision, he rolled his hips to stimulate her clit. As soon as she exploded, he pulled back and slammed in hard. Her scream made his head go back.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Michelle watched Ash curiously. His eyes were closed, and he held her tightly. “You OK?” He didn’t respond. With one arm around his neck, she brushed his hair from his face. “Did you zone out again?” She knew artists were different but not that different.
Ash’s eyes snapped open when he heard her voice. Her hand on his cheek was a surprise. One look down told him that he was not balls deep inside her. The tip of his stiff cock almost rested between her thighs, just not close enough.
He quickly realized he didn’t want her to feel it. He shifted her a bit higher. Why do I always forget the condom in my fantasies? Because you always use one. Wonder what it’s like to go bareback.
“Sorry, guess I do that a lot.”
She traced his jaw. “Where do you go when you zone out?” Her fingers wove through his hair, slowly. “Memories? New music?” Her cheeks heated up. “Fantasies?”
“A little of each?” His eyes closed as she played with his hair. He loved that. “Don’t stop.”
Encouraged, she carefully let go of his neck and used both hands. “You like this?”
“Yeah.” He clung to her thighs and sighed. “Love it.” Groupies didn’t find what he liked. Not that he let them stick around. His ex had found a few things, though. “The back, by my neck, please.”
She smiled and let her fingers weave through his soft hair. When she reached the nape, he shivered. The control she had over his body excited her. Her fingers moved through his hair again, and he let out a moan. He obviously liked it a lot. She just liked to play with his beautiful hair.
When his head went back, she stared at his lips. They called to her. With a feather touch, she let her lips meet his. She hesitated, unsure if that was what he wanted. It has to be. His entire body is tense. Obviously, he was afraid to make the first move. She brushed her lips over his again. His sudden reaction was unexpected.
He pressed her against the pool wall and kissed her back. It was a shock that she had started it, but he wanted her badly. He fought his normal urges and tried to go slow. She was not just anyone. He wanted things to last with her.
She fisted his hair, and he groaned. His lips pressed to hers again. Then he licked her bottom lip. Her mouth opened, and he took advantage. Slowly, he stroked her tongue with his. She followed his lead. His body yearned for her. Their tongues lashed each other’s with desperation.
She slipped down a bit and her eyes opened wide. His erection pressed into her crotch. She gasped and squirmed a little. “Um…”
“Oh shit!” He lifted her up again. “Sorry.” He buried his face in her arm. “We need to stop… before I can’t.”
That made her a bit nervous. “Yes, we do.”
He carried her toward the stairs and set her down. “Grab a towel and get comfortable. I’ll be right there.”
He wasn’t ready for her to see the evidence of his arousal. It would be obvious he wasn’t some well hung stud. He didn’t know what she expected, but she wouldn’t just sleep with him because of who he was, like most women.
As soon as he was sure his shorts weren’t tented, he climbed out of the water and grabbed a dry towel from the rack. A glance over told him that Michelle was relaxed. She lay on a recliner with a smile.
With the towel around his waist, he picked up the remote and searched through the movie channels. He grinned when he found Legends of the Fall. That’s a chick movie, ain’t it?
“I love that movie.” Michelle grinned.
He’d had a feeling she would, by the way she messed with his hair. “Thirsty?”
“Yes.” She watched him open the small refrigerator. An eyebrow rose when he pulled out a bottle of wine and a tray of cheese and crackers. “Oh, that looks good.”
Ash set the tray on the table between the chairs then filled both glasses. “Glad you approve.” He settled in his chair and took a sip of wine. “Thanks for agreeing to come here. I like spending time with you.”
“Me, too.” She smiled and looked at him over her glass. “And I appreciate that you understand that I need to take this slow.”
He nodded. “I should, too. It’s been a while since I dated anyone.” After he ate a cracker and drained his glass, he leaned back and turned to her. “Are you over him?”
“Who?”
“The professor.” He didn’t want to be a rebound guy.
She nodded slowly. “I am, and I’m finally ready to get on with my life. Glad we met.”
“So am I.”
His gaze drifted from the television to her several times. She focused on the movie as she downed several glasses of wine. He had continuously refilled her glass without thought. Several parts of the movie were quite emotional. He was not as affected by it, but he took her hand when she reached for him. Tears streamed down her cheeks, but he didn’t want to take advantage. He just squeezed her hand.
When it was over, she attempted to get to her feet and faltered. Ash rushed to catch her. “You OK?”
“Uh.” She clung to his back. “I think I drank too much.”
He swallowed hard. Some men would take advantage of that fact. He couldn’t. “You can stay in the guest room if you like.”
“I shouldn’t.” She laid her head on his upper chest. “Can you take me home?”
Disappointed, he didn’t respond right away. He hoped she would stay so they could have breakfast in the morning. “Yeah, I’ll drive you.” He lifted her up and kissed her lips softly.
Minutes later, he had her strapped into the passenger seat of the Escalade. Then he leaned the seat back so she could stay asleep. For a brief moment, he thought about what Leo would say to him if he were there. “You wuss! Once she wakes up in your bed, she’ll blow you as a thank you.” Ash shook his head. He could never be like that.
Although he had not been able to get her dress back on, the towel covered most of her body. Her dress! He rushed back inside and grabbed her dress and her purse. It felt wrong, but he searched through her bag for her keys. Once he had them, he went back into the garage. Her sleeping form made him smile.
The short drive to her place wasn’t long enough for him. He didn’t want the day to end. When he pulled up next to what he assumed was her car, he sighed. He hadn’t noticed it earlier. It was a beat up Ford and most likely two decades old.
He understood, to a point, why she felt inferior. That was not what he wanted. An idea came to mind. Maybe I can find out when her birthday is and buy her a car? Will she accept it? Can’t hurt to try.
After he had tucked Michelle into her bed, he kissed her forehead. “Can’t wait for our date next weekend.”
By the door was a hanging file organizer. He checked all the labels. The one marked “next month” was quite full. He was about to see if she needed money, but then his eyes landed on one labeled “car.” Registration maybe? He pulled out the contents and smiled. Pay dirt! Her car registration was due in April, a few weeks away. It didn’t look like she had the money to pay for it yet. He sorted through the batch of mail and found something even better, her license registration from the year before. Got it!
“Who’s there?” Michelle called out, frightened.
Ash shoved the envelopes back in the pocket and walked toward the back of the trailer. “It’s just me. I was about to leave.” He entered the room and smiled. “You need something?”
“Water, if you don’t mind. My mouth is dry.” She glanced around and was shocked he had gotten her home.
He found a pitcher in the refrigerator and a clean glass in a cabinet. “Do you need aspirin? You drank quite a bit. That might be my fault, though. I wasn’t paying attention, just kept filling your glass.” He brought her the glass of water and held it to her lips. “Small sips.” When she pulled back, he cocked his head. “Aspirin?”
“No, I’m OK.” She groaned. “Maybe not OK, but I’ll be fine. I just need sleep.”
He winked. “I’ll tell your boss you’ll be late tomorrow. Or maybe I’ll just fill in.”
“You’re sweet.”
“I try.” He felt her cheek and forehead. “Call me if you need a ride tomorrow.”
She nodded slowly. “Thanks.”
“I’m gonna go.” He kissed her lips one last time. “See you Saturday if I don’t see you tomorrow.”


CHAPTER SEVEN

Saturday morning, Ash arrived at The Center early. He was happy to see the buses they had chartered for the day had already arrived. Bryce and Ian were also there, which was a shock. He had expected them to be late. After he waved at them, he headed inside to get the list of who had signed up for the trip to Disney’s Magic Kingdom. They needed a count of how many car seats and booster seats had to be in place.
While Ash pushed the flat bed cart of child seats they kept in a storage room for trips, several teachers, and volunteers followed. They had already split up the children, parents, teachers and volunteers into groups so they would be balanced. Ash loved to do things like that.
“This one’s done,” Ian shouted when the bus he was assigned to was ready. Ash was smart to recruit the three fathers of the group.
Reggie stepped out of the next bus. “So’s this one.” He had arrived soon after Ash. “Clara just texted. She’ll be here with the kids soon.”
“OK.” Ash had his done before the others. Michelle was quick at securing car seats, so he had an advantage. “I’m gonna direct traffic.” The parking lot was not large enough to accommodate all the expected vehicles, so they had to use a grassy area normally utilized for outdoor games.
Michelle moved toward the entrance to the driveway. She and Ash had worked on that day’s plan for the last few weeks. Between them, they were quite sure they had thought of everything. That included medical release forms for any child who did not have a parent on the trip.
It took about an hour for everyone to arrive and get settled. As soon as Ash felt the bus move, he grabbed Michelle’s hand next to him. “Perfect first date for people like us.”
“Yeah.” She leaned her head on his arm. “You promised we could get to know each other on the way there. Remember?”
He bit his lip and looked around. “Yeah.” They had the two front seats, and she was by the window. That meant if he was careful, he could cop a feel… if she allowed it. He moved a hand to her thigh and squeezed. “How well do you wanna know me?”
“Don’t you dare,” she warned him and pushed his hand away. “Not with the kids here.” She looked up at him. “Maybe if we’re alone later… we can kiss some more. You have great lips.”
He leaned down and nuzzled her hair. “That sounds like a plan.” He just hoped he could hold back. His eyes roamed over her plain grey tank top and black shorts that came halfway up her thighs. So hot. After a minute, he asked, “What did you wanna know?”
“Is this what your tour bus is like?” She imagined that would make sleeping complicated.
Ash let her hand go and wrapped an arm around her shoulders. “Not really, it’s more like a big RV, with bunk beds and leather chairs. Maybe I’ll show you one day. We keep it in a lot in Gibsonton.”
The offer excited her. “That’d be nice.” She realized how that could be taken. “Don’t expect me to get in your bunk.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” He chuckled. “OK. Maybe I will dream of it.”
She slapped his thigh. “You better be nice to me in your dreams.”
“You know I am.” He flicked her ear with his tongue. “Very nice.”
Her entire body shuddered while she imagined that tongue on her nether regions. To cover her strong desire for him, she took a deep breath. “Uh… What’s Ash short for? Asher? Ashley?”
“Ashley?” He was insulted. His voice revealed it. “That’s a chick’s name. I ain’t no chick.”
Michelle felt a bit bad. “It can be either. Is Ash short for something?”
“No, I’m just Ash.” He pulled out his wallet and showed her his driver’s license. “See.” He rested his head on hers. “My grandpa named me, but he died when I was little.”
She took his other hand in hers. “I’m sorry. You’ve had so much loss in your life.”
“I’m OK,” he whispered. Most of the time he was. Then there were days he felt like he would lose everyone he cared about. “As long as you’re with me.”
Her heart went out to him. “I’ll be here as long as you want me to be.” She waited until he had relaxed again. “How about we change the subject?”
“Yeah.” Ash pulled her close. “Please.”
She threw her arms around him and snuggled into his body. “Ask me anything.”
“OK.” He closed his eyes and kissed the top of her head. For the last week, they’d had dinner together every night. However, they hadn’t asked very personal questions. Conversations were light. “Um… What did you do for a living back in Indiana?”
She smiled. “I was a teacher at a public school.”
“Really?” He wasn’t too surprised. “How come you don’t teach at a school here?”
“I did, before I started at The Center.” She grinned. “When this place opened up, I felt the need to help. Then when I applied for the job, I was shocked at the pay. On the way home, all I kept thinking was, finally I can pay off these damn bills.”
His face dropped. “What bills?” He could tell by her tone that she was heavily in debt, and he didn’t like it one bit.
“Nothing.” She struggled to find a plausible explanation. “I—I paid… them off already.”
He frowned. “That’s why you still have an old car and live in a place you’re ashamed of? Bullshit. Talk to me.”
It was obvious he wouldn’t drop the subject. “Fine. When that as—jerk left me, I lost the house and car. He tricked me into putting everything in my name. Credit cards were maxed out… bill collectors came out of the woodwork. Sucks. I’m fine, though.”
“If you say so.” He knew it was a lie. She was too proud to let him help. A few things finally made sense, though. It explained why she lived in the trailer and hadn’t wanted him to see her car. “Do you want to switch back to me, or do you have any other secrets I can dig up?” He laughed to let her know he was kidding.
She sighed. “My childhood was nice. I had my first boyfriend at 13. I lost my virginity when I was 17. I had my heart crushed at 25. Met my first rock star at 28. Finally had a decent date at almost 30.” She patted his abdomen. “At least I think it’s going well.”
“It is.” He hugged her for a few seconds. “So you’re a year younger than me I take it. I’m 31.”
Michelle nodded against his chest. “I kinda knew that.” She giggled. “I Googled you after we went out to dinner the first time. Found lots of general info on you, but not much was personal.”
“Yeah, I know.” He shrugged. “I don’t reveal much in interviews. My story’s boring.”
She glanced up at him and touched his cheek. “No, it’s not. I’m interested.”
“You know about my mom.” He didn’t know what else to tell her.
For a few minutes, she was quiet as she thought about all he had already revealed. Much of it had missing pieces. The sadness in his eyes told her his life was not fun. She hoped she could make his life better. Already, she had noticed that he smiled more. That was a great start.
“Tell me what you remember about Brooklyn.” She sat back up a bit and met his eyes.
Ash smiled. “We lived in a small apartment over a grocery store on an avenue. Kinda like Big Bend, but the cars don’t go as fast there. There was no air-conditioning, so in the summer, we kept the windows open. My parents had a box fan in their room, so sometimes I snuck in and slept on the floor. In my room… at night… it was noisy. Well, daytime too, but at night, I could hear everything. Sirens all the time, cops, fire trucks, ambulances.” He chuckled as memories came back. “Ya know, my first night in Florida, I couldn’t sleep. It was so quiet. Ain’t it weird that fire trucks and cops don’t use sirens here?”
“Wow.” Michelle shook her head as she leaned his way. “When you talk about New York, your accent gets more pronounced. It’s so cute.”
“At least someone likes it.” He brushed his lips over hers. “Bryce teases me about it. So I make fun of his southern accent. Sometimes I have no idea what he’s talking about. What’s with this ‘fixin’ to do something?’ First time I heard that I was, like, what you gonna fix?”
She laughed again. “It’s even worse now.”
He pulled her close again. “I love your laugh.” His eyes closed as fear came over him. He didn’t normally use the “L” word.
“I love yours too.” She kissed his chin. “How about we talk about your band?”
“Safe subject.” He couldn’t help but laugh.
She moved her ear to his chest. “Laugh again. Your whole body moves.”
“I can’t laugh on demand.”
“OK. Then I’ll stay just like this until you do.” She hummed as she tried to think of something she didn’t know about them. “Did you always write original music? Most bands I see in bars here do covers.”
Ash sighed. “We did, too. Long time ago. If you can believe, we started out as a Papa Roach cover band. Bryce was obsessed with them. We didn’t know the first thing about writing our own music. We were just a bunch of skateboarding kids into punk music, for the most part. Sometimes we jammed but nothing sounded good. It wasn’t easy to get enough gigs to support ourselves, so we knew it wasn’t working. One day, we were playing around in Bryce’s garage, and our old band teacher jogged by. He came back and listened for a while. Then he explained why it sounded unorganized. He had us on track within a few weeks. I’ll always be grateful to him.”
“That’s a cool story.” She felt special that he had shared it with her. “I always thought Papa Roach had influenced you guys, maybe even Avenged Sevenfold, too. You skated the edge between hard rock and metal. No wonder you have so many fans. I’ve always liked your music. Even before everyone knew about you.” Images flashed by. “The first time you played 98Rockfest, I was there. The DJ introduced you as the best homegrown band that was yet to be discovered… I think. Well, something like that.”
He grinned as the day came back to him. “I think you got it right. That was such an awesome day. They played the song we gave them at least once a day. I think they’re the reason we became so popular around here.”
“Makes sense.” She let him go. “I should check on everyone.”
He put up a hand. “I’ll do it. Just relax.”
Slowly, he held onto the back of the seats as he walked the aisle and asked if anyone needed anything. They had been on the road almost an hour. If he had been in the Mustang, he would be almost there already.
The bus drivers were cautious, which was good, but the trip took longer that way. When he reached the rear of the vehicle, he handed out drinks from the cooler and snacks from the box they had back there.
Michelle smiled when he sat down and handed her a juice box with a bag of cheese flavored crackers. “Thanks. Everyone good?”
“Yep.” Ash popped his juice box with the straw. “Most of the kids are sleeping.” He stole one of her crackers and took a sip of juice. “Everyone around us is sleeping, so maybe now I can ask you my dirty questions.” He winked. “I’ll start out easy. What’s off limits?”
Her mouth dropped. “What?”
“Like as in…” He tried to think of a gentle way to put it. “Are there positions you don’t like, or things you refuse to try? Anything beyond your comfort zone?”
She had no idea what to say. With so little experience, she wouldn’t know her own limits. “Truthfully, I don’t know.” Her face heated up, and she turned away. “I’ve never talked about that with anyone.”
“Sorry.” He moved toward her and slid his arm around her shoulders. “If you’re uncomfortable, I’ll back off.” He was quite disappointed. He had hoped for a woman with no limits again. She’s good enough just the way she is.
She had heard the tone he used and felt a bit guilty. “I didn’t mean I didn’t want to talk about it. I just mean I don’t know what to say.” Her voice lowered. “I love sex, but I haven’t tried anything… I guess, unconventional.”
He sighed with relief. “So then I don’t have any fetishes to worry about, huh?”
“Uh, no.” She knew of a few. “I’m not into anything weird.”
His laugh was quiet. “Not all of them are weird… Well, I don’t think they all are. Some are really fun.” He used his sexiest voice.
She squirmed in her seat. The sound of his voice alone made her wet. She couldn’t imagine what he could do if he had free rein over her body. “Maybe we should talk about something else. It’s been a long while for me.”
“We can change that.” He turned her head toward him and winked. “If you just need to get off, I’ll even close my eyes, like a gentleman.”
She burst out laughing and pushed him. “You’re crazy.”
“Almost had ya, huh?” He wiggled his tongue at her. “My most dangerous weapon.”
“Oh I bet.” She shivered. He’s too sexy to resist. “Can we talk about this stuff later? When we’re alone? Please?”
He cocked an eyebrow. “A kiss first? It is our first date.”
“True.”
She used his body to sit up straighter. Then she brushed her lips over his. He grabbed the back of her neck and deepened the kiss. Instinctively, her fingers wove into his hair. She groaned softly as their tongues followed one another.
His kisses were amazing. She couldn’t get enough. The urge to straddle his lap was difficult to resist, but she did. If they had been alone, she might have allowed it.
At the rate they had gone so far, she couldn’t imagine how long she could stay out of his bed. Every time he touched her, her body responded. It was as if his skin was electric. He drew feelings from her that she didn’t know existed.
None of her previous lovers had made her want them so easily. Ash knew exactly what she wanted… what she needed. Maybe I should go home with him tonight.
“Fuck, I want you,” Ash whispered into her mouth. He pulled back a bit. His lips moved over her neck. “We need to talk about something to make my dick go down.”
Michelle’s face heated up. It was incredible how often his words embarrassed her. “Uh, OK.” She racked her brain to try to find something she wanted to know. A neutral question came to mind. “What made you guys start Safe Haven?”
“Well…” Ash swallowed. “It’s kinda a long story.” He hesitated. Then he looked down and saw her curious eyes. “Uh… When I was a kid, after we moved here… My mom worked all the time. She had two jobs. She had me when she was in high school, so she didn’t exactly have skills. My aunt wasn’t home much either. I was what they used to call a latchkey kid. For some kids, that’s OK. I got bored… a lot. I met a few kids around that I wish I hadn’t.”
On pins and needles, Michelle waited for him to continue. He adjusted in his seat and laid his head back. She could tell the story wasn’t easy. “You don’t have to-”
“I want to.” He was glad she wanted to know about his past. It was something he needed to get out. After a look around to make sure all those around them were still asleep, he pulled her into his arms and continued, “For some weird reason, I became obsessed with fire. I set a garbage can on fire over at ATOSS when I was 11.”
She tapped his side. “What’s that?”
“Right. You didn’t go to school here.” He took a deep breath. “It’s a place you go to when you get suspended from school. It was actually close to my house. I had a problem with authority at school. My poor mom. She had to go up to school at least once a week.” It took him a minute to recover from that. “I was arrested for arson. Then it got worse. Those idiot friends had stupid ideas. Most of the time I went along with it. I got arrested for pot possession and a few more times for arson. The cops at juvie knew me. That’s not a good thing.” He frowned.
She linked her fingers with his and held on tight. “But you changed. You’re not in jail now.”
“Yeah.”
She didn’t want to ask what it had to do with The Center. Most likely he would eventually get there. “How’d you turn things around?”
“My mom was actually part of that.” He smiled as the memory came to him. “A counselor at school suggested she put me in an after school program. She couldn’t afford it. My mom was resourceful and smart. We got most things from yard sales. Mom bought me a bass and an amp from one. She thought it was a guitar. I wanted to learn how to play it, so I ran home from the bus every day to practice. Not long after, I found out that my school had a music program. Don’t laugh, I didn’t care what the school offered before that. I checked it out and met Bryce.”
Michelle couldn’t contain herself. “That’s so cool.”
“It is.” He felt her excitement. “This is where it gets weird and sad I guess.”
He closed his eyes again and leaned his head on hers. His voice lowered as he relived the day.
“Bryce lived too far away for me to just walk to his house, since I lived in Apollo, so he was at my place a lot. My trouble making friends came by one day when Bryce was over with his guitar. They wanted us to hang out. I refused because I wanted to play my instrument. The next day, I found out where they went after they left my place. A few blocks down was an abandoned house. They started a fire, and it got outta control. Instead of calling 911, they ran. The fire spread to the house next door. Two people died. They’re still in jail. My mom and music actually saved me from that life.”
“Oh my God.” She hugged him and buried her face in his neck. “I’m so glad she bought you that bass.”
“Me, too.” He sighed, sure it had changed the course of his life. “That’s why I started The Center. Not everyone can afford a safe place for their kids to hang out. Kids need that. Single parents need a break, too. My mom just about killed herself to provide for us. She died at work. Maybe if there was a place like that when I was a kid, I wouldn’t have put so much stress on her.”
Her chest constricted. “Ash, her death is not your fault. It was tragic and too soon, but you didn’t make it happen.” She glanced up. A tear ran down his cheek. She wiped it away and kissed his lips. “It’s not your fault. It isn’t.”
It wasn’t easy to hold back the rest of his tears, but he tried. Her words went right to his heart. She cares that much about me? He felt it. No girlfriend ever had serious feelings for him. He knew that. Finally, it was different. “Thank you,” he mumbled into her hair.


CHAPTER EIGHT

After the buses had parked, Ash took out his clipboard and tugged Michelle outside. They walked over to Leo and a few of the older kids. “At least traffic wasn’t so bad.”
“Why Magic Kingdom?” Pete Tate folded his arms over his chest. “Me and Billy wanna check out Hollywood Studios. Can’t the driver just drop us off there?”
Ash glared at Ian’s youngest child. “Let’s talk to your dad about this, Pete.” Ian had already said no. He knew they needed as many eyes as possible.
“Never mind.” Pete sulked. “This place is for little kids.”
Leo threw an arm over Peter’s shoulders. “If I gotta be here, you do, too.”
“So let’s go do something else.” Billy was upset as well.
After a quick look around, Leo leaned down. “If you stop bitchin’, I’ll take you to a strip club after. Just don’t tell your dad.” He winced when he was slapped upside the head. “Hey!”
Ian growled, “Don’t corrupt my kids.”
“Fine.” Leo sighed. He pulled out four $100 bills. “How about a bribe?”
Ash shook his head when he saw the teenagers take the money and smile. “Did you see that?” he softly asked Michelle.
“Yes.” She laughed. “Leo knows how teenage boys’ minds work.”
“But not how dads’ minds work.” Ash tried not to laugh. “Ian looked like he was about to rip Leo a new asshole.” He shook his head. “I was the target of Ian’s wrath only once. Never again.”
When they had split up into smaller groups, Bryce called out, “OK. We’ll meet back here at nine. I know that it’s open ’til midnight, but we have too many small ones to stay that late.” He usually took charge on field trips because he had his own children with him. “Each group must stay together. Double check that everyone has their Safe Haven shirts on. If you need anything and you can’t afford it, don’t be afraid to speak up. We funded this trip because you all deserve it. Don’t worry about anything today. Have a great time!”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Several hours later, Ash and Michelle gathered their group onto a raft. They were on their way to Tom Sawyer Island. He lucked out and had mostly older kids, which included Ian’s children. It might have something to do with him making the groups himself. He didn’t trust himself with little ones. It was easier for him to relate to the kids over 10.
The island was one of his favorite parts of that park. There was a lot to see and a giant fort to play in. He had gone to Disney a few times during middle school because Bryce’s family had paid his way.
Compared to Ash’s family, Bryce’s was rich. They had always included him and Leo anytime they could. They both appreciated it more than Bryce’s parents knew.
Ash stepped on the island last, after he had checked that everyone under his charge was off the raft. He let the children lead the way, so they were able to see what they wanted to. As soon as he caught up to Michelle, he took her hand.
“Thought this was a date.” He winked when she turned to him.
She laughed. “Most crowded date I’ve ever been on.”
As they had for most of the day, Ian’s boys chose where to go. The younger ones followed willingly. They had spent most of the time at the Tomorrowland Speedway than anywhere else. He and Michelle had fun racing. Neither had realized the other was competitive. They were better matched than they had thought.
Michelle had persuaded the older ones to go on the tea cup ride. They all competed to see who could get the cup to spin fastest. Ash won, but he had the advantage of muscle mass.
On the island, when they had finally reached the fort, Ash pulled Billy aside. “I need a favor.” He put $100 bill in Billy’s hand. “Can you watch the younger ones for a while so me and Miss Michelle can chill out a bit?”
“Hell yeah.” Billy grinned madly. “Best trip ever.” He had made more than a month’s allowance that day.
Ash led Michelle by the hand to a mock wooden box, in a dark corner. They could see the kids every time they ran through the main area, but no one paid them any mind. As soon as they knew they were alone, he leaned down and brushed his lips over hers.
Slowly, he moved to her jaw, her neck, then her ear. “Finally got you to myself,” he whispered.
Her fingers slid into his hair. “That you do.” She moved closer and let her tongue run down his neck. “Too bad we don’t have more privacy.”
“Don’t tease me.” He groaned as his cock swelled. “Not fair.”
Guilt filled her. She should have known that was wrong to say. Her eyes moved to his crotch when he squirmed. The bulge had gotten larger. That was not something they wanted to happen around the kids. She wasn’t sure that if they had been in private, if she would have allowed anything beyond kissing anyway.
Ash subtly shifted his hand until he grasped her ass. “Are you gonna tease me forever?”
“I don’t plan to.” She leaned her head on his shoulder. “I’m always nervous about sex.”
He palmed her cheek with his free hand. “No need to be nervous with me. I’ll go as slow as you need me to, but promise me, you’ll let things flow once they get started?”
“I can’t make that promise.” She sighed. “When we get to that point, I’ll let you know if it’s too much for me.”
With a nod, he replied, “OK. Communication is important. If you say no, it’s no. I swear.”
“I trust you.” She already knew he wouldn’t push her into anything. They had been alone many times. He had stopped himself every time when he had felt her pull back. “It won’t be forever.” She waited until his body relaxed. “Do you want your own kids one day?”
He frowned. “Yeah, but no point in hoping that happens. I’d be a shitty father.”
“No you wouldn’t.” She slapped his chest lightly. “You’re awesome with kids. They all love you. How could you say that?”
He shrugged. “I never had a father figure. Most guys like that are dicks to their kids, like mine.”
“That’s not true.” She threw her arm around his neck. “I’ve watched you with the kids at The Center. You know what to do. It’s just instinct for you. You’re a good man, and you’d be an amazing father.”
It was hard for him to believe. “You don’t have to exaggerate.”
“I’m not.” She felt his anxiety about the issue. “We’ll talk about this another time.”
They had stayed at the fort for close to an hour, before they wandered around the rest of Frontierland. Splash Mountain was another spot where they spent a lot of time. After they had all ridden the flume ride almost ten times, they finally had enough.
Ash had to get a Mickey pretzel. He was nice enough to share with Michelle at least. Everyone else just wanted a churro. He was surprised at how little he had to spend on food for the group. They all seemed to be more excited than hungry.
When they headed toward the Pirates of the Caribbean ride, they met up with Leo’s group. He had several parents and a volunteer with him. Ash smiled when he noticed a young girl on Leo’s shoulders. “Look at you.”
“She was too tired to walk.” Leo smiled and gently squeezed the girl’s hands.
The girl bounced a little. “We’re going on Aladdin’s Magic Carpet.”
“I never grew up, so I fit right in.” Leo winked.
Ash burst into laughter. It was true. Leo acted younger than Ian’s kids sometimes. “As long as you behave.”
“On my best behavior today.” Leo grinned.
Michelle hooked her arm in Ash’s. “If not, we’ll find out.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

With Michelle asleep in his arms, Ash had time to think about their day. They were on their way back home. He had never spent so much time not fucking a woman. It surprised him how much he enjoyed it.
She was nothing like any woman he had ever gotten to know. His feelings for her grew with each moment they were together. He wasn’t sure what to make of them just yet, but he didn’t dwell on it. He decided to just let things happen for a change.
As far as he could tell, everyone had a great time, even Ian’s kids. Ash planned to ask the guys to help him fund another trip someday.
When they had gathered at the buses earlier, the younger ones had been tired but still chattered on and on about their favorite rides. He and his bandmates had received thank you’s from parents. Most of them couldn’t afford the entrance fee and never expected their child to have that experience. Ash saw tears in some of their eyes. He understood why.
A bump jostled Michelle awake. She was happy to be in Ash’s arms. He held her head to his chest and had a hand over her ribs. For a brief moment, she wondered if he had coped a feel while she slept. She knew him well enough to know he wouldn’t do that.
They had first met a few years ago, but she had never entertained the thought of a relationship with him. It didn’t matter, at that point in her life, she had given up on love.
Still, he had drawn her toward him somehow. She didn’t give in, and he didn’t give her a sign that he was interested, until the night of the fundraiser. Maybe it’s finally time for both of us?
Her eyes still closed, she inhaled deeply. Even with the sweat of the day, she caught a whiff of his cologne. He wore a light scent, but it was uniquely him. The brand was not obvious, but she assumed it was expensive. Maybe I’ll borrow the bottle and spray my pillow with it. She was sure she would sleep better that way.
“You all right?” Ash felt Michelle adjust her position.
She nodded slowly and snuggled into him. “Fine.”
“Good. I like holding you this way.” He kissed the top of her head. “Go back to sleep.”


CHAPTER NINE

Once back at Safe Haven, Bryce, Ash, and Michelle each had a list of children who participated, one for each bus. They checked off names as kids were claimed. Each child had a list of adults who were allowed to take the child. They made sure no mistakes were made, since that could be disastrous.
As soon as all of the children but their own were gone, the band gathered together. Bryce smiled at the others. “Now that this trip is behind us, we need to talk about the next album. I know it’s my fault things were delayed, but I’m ready to get started. How about we get together Tuesday to jam and see what we have so far?”
“Sounds good.” Ian nodded. “I have a bunch of riffs and some lyrics. My life has been a bit crazy, too. Hope this album’s not depressing.”
Leo chuckled. “If it is, I’ll find a way to spice it up.”
“Uh-uh.” Bryce groaned. “We’re not putting out songs about how huge your dick is.”
Michelle’s eyes opened wide when she accidentally overheard that comment. Then she noticed that the other guys laughed at it. Maybe he just thinks he’s huge. She didn’t want to ever find out for sure.
It did make her think. Although it wasn’t hard to imagine Ash naked, she didn’t know if her fantasies were accurate. In her mind, he was as buff below the waist as the rest of him was.
“We won’t be long,” Ash called to her.
She smiled and stepped a few feet back. Her eyes moved to the four children, close to the cars, still in the lot. Ian’s kids were almost 10 years older than Bryce’s. It was interesting to her that they had an older member in their group. They all seemed to get along just fine.
She hoped Ash was serious that he wanted children. Not that they had planned any at that point. She just didn’t want to put her all into something that would disappoint her in the end.
To distract herself, she pulled out her phone. The Kindle app held many books. As she leaned on her car, she chose the book in progress. Her sly grin was prompted by the book’s subject matter, a sexy bassist who was unusually well hung and quite the bad boy. She focused on the words and lost herself in the story.
“All set.” Ash winced when she jumped. “Sorry.”
She laughed at herself. “My fault. I was in another world, reading.” She waved her phone at him. “I read a lot of rock band romances. Are all rock stars well hung?”
His face fell instantly. “Uh...” He hated those books because they made him feel inadequate.
She felt awful. “They probably exaggerate in books. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to say I only want a man who is painfully endowed.”
“It’s fine.” He pretended that his ego wasn’t bruised a bit. “I’m just gonna let Bryce know I’m leaving.”
Leo had heard them and approached Michelle with his phone out. “So, you like rock star books. Interesting. Wanna see some pics I took of Loverboy here while he was sleeping? I think you’ll like ’em.” He tried to hide the evil smirk, but he couldn’t.
“Don’t,” Ash yelled from a few feet away. He had no idea what type of pictures they were.
Curious, Michelle smiled. “Sure.”
Her eyes widened when Ash, on a bed, in only a pair of boxers, came on the screen. She had seen him in a bathing suit, so it wasn’t much more. A few close ups of Ash’s open mouth flashed by.
Then the camera moved down Ash’s body. A video began to play. Someone tugged Ash’s boxers down, while the camera followed. Her mouth dropped when Ash’s penis was exposed.
Leo’s voice was then heard, “Isn’t it cute? His dick never grew up.”
Michelle stared at Ash’s erection. “Um…” It looked quite average to her.
Ash realized Leo had shown her something embarrassing and took a peek. “You fuckin’ asshole.” He shoved Leo as hard as he could.
“Wait. There’s more.” Leo pushed Ash and thrust his phone in front of Michelle’s face.
She froze when the Leo on camera pulled his own erection out and slid it against Ash’s. It dwarfed the first man’s equipment. How’s he doing that?
Again Leo’s voice came from the phone speaker. “See, mine’s much bigger.”
Her eyes widened and went to Leo’s crotch. “Keep that thing away from me.”
“What’re you doing to him?” Bryce’s voice came from somewhere in the video. Then it ended abruptly.
Ash had watched in horror, shocked that Michelle had her eyes glued to the screen. He was beyond humiliated. However, he wouldn’t let Leo know that. “You’re a fuckin’ douchebag, Leo. Only you would try to make your lonely life better by fucking mine up.”
“I’m sorry.” Michelle could tell he was jealous or something to that affect.
He shook his head. “It’s fine. Go fuck Leo.”
Realization came over her. She had thought Leo’s penis was fake in the video, but Bryce’s words told her it wasn’t. Ash’s reaction told her it wasn’t as well. I need to make Leo feel as low as he made Ash feel with that stupid video.
She made sure Leo was close enough to hear. Then she turned to Ash, unsure of what to say. After a deep breath, she said the first thing that came to her. “I saw yours, so… maybe you should see mine?” She covered her mouth, shocked at herself.
Ash’s eyes widened, and his mouth dropped. “What?”
“I think she wants to see my dick for real.” Leo threw an arm over Michelle’s shoulders. “Come on, baby. I got plenty to show you over at my place.”
She yanked away from Leo. “Hell no! I like my men strong and romantic, not shallow and conceited. Go find a floozy to fuck. I’m taken! Let’s go, Ash.” She was glad Leo had taken the bait, but she was embarrassed she had said those words to Ash.
In shock, Ash led her to his car. “Did you mean all that?”
“Well…” She was glad they were alone. “After all we talked about today… Maybe it’s telling us something.”
He took her face in his hands. “What’re you saying?”
She tried to look away, but he wouldn’t let her. “I—I don’t want you to leave.”
That was not what he hoped she wanted. “So you wanna stay here?” He was a bit lost at that point. Her 180 made him wonder if she was all talk.
“No.” She huffed, frustrated with herself. “I want—I want to be with you.”
He brushed his lips over hers. “I want that so bad I can taste it… but I can’t… unless you really want it.” She trembled. “Do I make you nervous, or just the thought of sex does?” He groaned. “Or is it just the thought of sex with me?”
“No. No. No. It’s not you.” She closed her eyes as she tried to find the right words. “It’s been so long. I’m nervous, and I’m not sure what to do.”
With a slight smile, he moved his lips to her ear. “I’ll show you.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“We’ll go slow,” Ash promised as he led Michelle to his bedroom by the hand. His entire body was primed for what he hoped would happen. “Just tell me if things get to be too much.”
She couldn’t believe it. He was more incredible than she had thought. His patience with her seemed endless. She didn’t know how she would react once things actually got started. Then her eyes opened wide. He’s gonna see me naked! She hated her body. Thank God I shaved last night. Panic had set in.
“You OK?” He felt her stiffen just as they reached the bedroom doorway. “Change your mind?” Please don’t change your mind!
With a shake of her head, she dismissed the fear. “Fine.” She swallowed and followed him into the room. “Wow!” Her eyes moved around the large room. Dark wood furniture, deep blue walls, black bedding, and curtains. It was quite manly. “Did you decorate this room?”
“Kinda.” He shrugged. “Vanessa made some suggestions. Let’s not talk about anything but us. Please?”
She understood. “OK.”
“Come ’ere.” He pulled her body against his. “Slow, like I promised.” He pressed his lips to hers. “Unless you say otherwise.”
Still nervous, she let him lead her. His hands moved up her back slowly. Her tank top slid up a bit, but he didn’t hike it up further. She hesitantly laid her hands on his waist. Then he leaned down and kissed her lips again. Automatically, her eyes closed.
Ash was not as sure as she thought he was. He was nervous as hell. Slow was not his thing. If it were up to him, he would have ripped off her shorts, bent her over the bed, and fucked her already. He knew that would frighten Michelle, and that was not what he wanted.
Instinct had started to take over. When she parted her lips, he teased her tongue with his. Gradually, he wove his fingers into her hair.
Emotions he had never felt before came to the surface. She was not his first girlfriend, by far. However, she was the first one he trusted fully. He had always held back with the others. With her, he wanted to give all of himself.
Before that day, he had kept his feelings bottled up somewhat. His control was about to slip. He breathed deeply as the passion increased. Her hands ran up his sides, and he groaned into her mouth. Silently, he cheered. Finally!
With shaky hands, she lifted his Metallica t-shirt. He pulled back and helped her get it off. While he watched, she let her hands roam his toned body. She bit her lip as she skimmed his nipples and went on to his shoulders. So much muscle, so few hands.
Her mind focused on him and no longer on what they were doing. Without a thought, she moved down and opened his pants. After she had pushed them to the floor, she stared at him. Only clad in a tight pair of boxer briefs, he looked beautiful. Her eyes went up his body until they met his.
Then it hit her. He’s a rock star. He beds women all the time. Am I just a notch? She didn’t know him as well as she had known any of her previous lovers. What if this is all a ruse to get me in his bed? Her mind swirled with conflicting thoughts. His fame made her doubt herself.
“Your turn,” he whispered. He took a hold of the hem of her tank top.
She stopped him. “Wait.”
“What’s wrong?” He closed his eyes for a few seconds. His cock was already painfully hard.
Michelle’s eyes drifted down. “I’m not like those models you hook up with.” She had seen him with many of them over the years, online and in tabloids.
Obviously she had seen the staged photos he had put out there. When he needed a date, he tended to ask a model to go with him. The night never ended with sex, since that was not the kind of woman he preferred.
“No, you’re not.” He slipped his fingers under her top. “You’re a real woman. Not some phony chick who wants to be like skinny-ass models. Those chicks make me wanna hurl. Damn, boney chicks. I hate bruises.” He winked to drive his point.
She gave him a small smile. “You sure?”
“Yes.” He gripped her skin. “I like women who eat. This…” He swiftly yanked her shirt off. “Is what a woman should look like. Damn.” He stared at her lacy pink bra. It was definitely from Victoria’s Secret or something. “This is fuckin’ sexy.” He traced the edge of the lace and licked his lips. She had full breasts. He couldn’t wait to suck on her nipples. “Gotta-”
She quickly stopped him from opening her bra. “Not yet.”
“Sorry.” Ash put his hands up. “Slow, I forgot.” He waited until her body relaxed. “Can I see the rest of the set?” Her nod almost made him holler in triumph. It took seconds to have her shorts at her ankles. “Damn, absolutely beautiful.”
It took all her strength not to cover her body with her hands, as she kicked her shorts away. His look of lust helped ease her anxiety some. She didn’t understand why he liked her body, but it was obvious that he did.
Her eyes moved down his body. His cock twitched a few times. That told her it was real. He wanted her badly. Still nervous, she swallowed it back and stepped toward him.
Curious, she hooked her thumbs into his underwear and pushed them down. His cock sprang out and slapped her belly. Her eyes went down instantly. It wasn’t as small as Leo’s made it seem. That meant something she didn’t want to think about.
For some reason, she pressed her body to his and let her hands move over his ass. Damn. Most men didn’t have much of an ass. Ash had a nice one. With a slight giggle, she squeezed his cheeks.
“Something else needs some attention.” He pointed down. “Please.” She rubbed against him, and he groaned. “Please.” He laid his hands on her hips and silently begged her to touch him. To ease his movement, he shoved his pants and underwear a few feet away
She knew what he wanted, but she was still scared. To give him something, she stepped back and held his shaft in one hand. It was thicker than many men she had seen naked. That gave him a slight advantage since his length was average. Her hand moved up and down while he groaned. When she swiped her thumb over the tip, she found a bead of pre-cum.
“Suck it. Please.”
She jumped back. Her breath came quickly as her heart pounded. I can’t do this. What the hell am I doing? He charms the pants off tons of women.
“You don’t have to.” He took her shoulders in his hands. “How about we lay down? So we can relax and see what happens.”
Unsure, she nodded anyway. He tugged her, but she pulled back a bit. She watched him climb onto the bed as she bit her lip. He obviously was willing to take his time because she needed him to. Why does this gorgeous creature want me?
“Come on up here.” He grinned. “I won’t bite.” Tonight. He wanted her to ride him.
After she had looked down at her body, she rushed over to the door and switched off the light. Bathed in darkness, she felt a bit better.
Carefully, she made her way back to the bed. When she was close enough, he grabbed her by the middle and pulled her on top of him.
“Need your lips, sweetness.” He squeezed her ass and waited.
She leaned on her hands, which were at his head. The position made her nervous again. Suddenly, he adjusted her legs around his hips and pressed his erection into her panties. She let out a soft yelp.
“You uncomfortable?” He felt the tension.
Glad he noticed, she replied, “Yes.”
“OK, hang on.” He rolled them so he was on top. “I like this, too.” He settled his hips between her legs and ground into her core. “Fuck, I need you.” With his forearms around her head, he kissed her as he rubbed her relentlessly. His entire body shuddered with desire. “You ready for me, or do you need more?”
She whimpered. The constant grinding had her at the edge of insanity. The urge to push against him was hard to resist. Her whole body wanted him. Only her head made her hold back.
“How’s this?” He slid his fingers under the crotch of her panties and plunged two inside her. “Fuck, tight.”
That freaked her out. “No!”
“It’s OK.” Ash let her go and rolled off of her. “We can stop.” He groaned and glanced at his aching cock. “I need to jerk off, though. Gimme a few and I’ll walk you downstairs. Don’t leave.” He used the remote next to the bed to turn the overhead light and fan back on.
When he had closed himself in the bathroom, she slipped off the bed. With her top against her chest, she looked around. What do I do? She didn’t want to go home, yet she was too nervous to go through with sex.
Guilt filled her. She had led him to believe they would. How fair is that? If all he wanted was sex, he would have pushed until he got it. He moaned softly, and she smiled. She wanted to see him pleasure himself. Slowly, she tried the bathroom doorknob and it opened.
Meanwhile, Ash stood in the shower as he stroked himself quickly. His head against the glass, he imagined her there in front of him. He was buried balls deep. When he pulled back and thrust into her again, her body moved with his. Suddenly, she called his name, and he growled. Several expletives left his mouth as semen splashed onto the glass before him.
“Dammit. I hope she’s not always a tease.” His head jerked up when she called his name again. “Uh… yeah?”
She stammered, “Um… Can I borrow a shirt?” Her mind replayed him masturbating repeatedly.
“Yeah, left hand drawer, bottom. Take anything you want.” He didn’t care why she needed it. “I’ll be out in a minute.” When he finally walked out, she was in his bed again but under the covers. “I thought you wanted to go?”
Michelle’s eyes moved over his naked body. Oh my fucking God! He’s so hot. Her gaze moved from his defined chest, to his biceps, to the sexy V, then to his limp penis. How could you say no to that? She had no idea how she had said no.
“What’s going on here?” He was completely confused.
She blinked a few times to stop her admiration of his body. “I… uh… I’d like to stay with you tonight, but no sex, please?”
“You sure?” He was game. It wouldn’t be easy, but he would love to have her in his arms all night.
Her smile couldn’t be helped. “I am. I don’t want this to end.”
“Me neither.” He climbed on the bed and laid on his back. “What?” He felt her eyes on him.
She turned to him and waved at his body. “You’re still naked.”
“Yeah, I sleep naked. This is my bed. You already seen me, so what’s the difference?”
Her shrug was automatic. “You won’t do anything to me in my sleep, will you?”
She knew better than that. However, she was even more nervous, since she had no underwear on under his long shirt. While he was in the bathroom, she had washed up in the hall bathroom. Then she didn’t want to put on dirty underwear.
“You know I won’t.” He tugged her to him and spooned her body. “Wanna hold you tonight.”


CHAPTER TEN

Ash awoke to soft skin against his morning wood. Eyes still closed, he wondered if he were still asleep. Minutes prior, he had dreamed he had made love to Michelle before she had left.
He didn’t think he loved her, but he cared too much to just fuck her their first time. She needed to feel, what he did, in his heart for her. It was something he was unsure how to do.
In his dream, it was easy, like instinct. He doubted that was how reality would be.
He gasped when skin rubbed his shaft again. That has to be real. One eye opened slightly. All he could see was hair. Realization came over him. Michelle. Right. She stayed. He thrust his hips forward slightly, and his eyes opened wide.
His cock had slipped between her bare ass cheeks. She’s fucking naked! Then he moved his right hand and felt cotton beneath it. He flexed his fingers and accidentally squeezed her breast.
“Sorry,” he whispered into her ear. She stirred and pressed her ass into his crotch. “Damn. Don’t.” He groaned as she forced his cock to grow even harder.
Unaware of her own movement, Michelle sighed. Her mind had created an alternate ending to the previous night. At that moment, she was under Ash. His hair in her hands and their lips locked. She moaned as he thrust into her. Her body writhed against his.
“Please… Not fair.” Ash debated if he should just get out of his bed. The last thing he wanted was to let her go. “Killing me.” Sure he couldn’t be a gentleman much longer, he backed up a bit and threw himself on top of her. “Stop it.” He pinned her hands over her head and stared at her closed eyes. “Are you sleeping?”
Michelle’s eyes snapped open. “Ash?” She panicked when she felt his naked body on top of hers. “What’re you doing?”
“Trying not to fuck you.” He took a deep breath. “You keep rubbing my dick, teasing me. I can only handle so much.”
She looked up and met his eyes. “I didn’t mean to.” She tugged her hands, and he let them go. However, he stayed on top of her. “Um…” She shifted her hips and then froze. His shaft slid through her folds. “Ay!” It had been way too long since she had been touched below the waist by someone else.
With a grin, Ash leaned down. “You like that, sweetness?” He slowly pulled his hips back then rocked forward. It felt amazing to him. “Tell me you want me.” He felt the moisture.
“I do.” She could no longer hide it.
The dream had made her insane with desire for him. To wake up to his body in that same position had made a hundred dirty thoughts go through her mind. The worry about his fame and sexual past had, for the most part, been forgotten.
“But I’m nervous.”
He brushed his lips over hers. “About what?” He carefully dug into her folds. When she gasped and her back arched, he smirked. “Seems you’re not scared of my dick.”
“Sex,” she muttered.
His hips froze. “Huh?” That made no sense to him.
“It’s been a real long time.” She was very glad he was not huge like Leo, since she wasn’t sure she could handle someone of that size. Sex had been painful for her in the past with anyone above average. “It might hurt.” Or I might get my heart broken.
His lips parted as it sank in. “I can be gentle.” He leaned down again and rubbed his lips over her neck. “I wanna be with you. Give you everything. Be inside you.”
She couldn’t help but giggle. “How romantic.” His silly side was one of the most attractive things about him.
“Ugh.” He had no idea how to be romantic. “Sorry. I’m trying here. This is new for me.”
Her eyes opened wide again. “You never had a girlfriend before?”
“No. I have.” He rocked his hips slowly. “Just never one like you.” When she didn’t react, he continued, “You’re a good girl. I want this moment to be special for you.”
She finally understood why he was acting so strangely. Her fears faded once again. “Thanks.” With the urge to touch him, she ran her fingers through his hair and held on. “Now, how do we start?”
“We already did,” he mumbled against her lips. “Relax, baby.” He moved his whole body up, then down again. “That’s it.”
His chest hair tickled her nipples with each pass, and a few times a nipple ring brushed her own nipple. She wasn’t sure what to do.
Sex had been mostly one sided with her last lover. He had demanded full control each time. That was not what she wanted, though, not with Ash. Slowly, she moved one hand from his hair to his shoulder then his waist.
“Go ahead and touch me.” He thrust against her and moaned. “Touch whatever you want. Please?” His eyes closed when a hand slid down his back. “Like that.”
His head hung down. When his nose touched her breast, his eyes opened. Her hardened nipple called to him. Gently, he took it between his teeth and tugged. She squirmed slightly.
He wanted the shirt out of his way, but he didn’t want her to freak out again. His tongue moved over the tight bud a few times. Then he gradually moved a hand down her body. She didn’t react when he lifted the shirt a bit. Slowly, it crept up until he exposed her breasts. He licked his lips. They were perfect, round and full.
“Beautiful,” he whispered just before he licked the edge of her areola and went in a circle. “So beautiful.”
He worked his way inward until he captured her nipple between his lips. Her reaction was slight, but it wasn’t pain. The wetness that surrounded his shaft increased. He could hear it.
After he had sucked on her nipple for a while, he hurriedly went back to her mouth. Their tongues lashed each other while both of them moaned softly. Suddenly, warmth surrounded the head of his cock. He moved his hips forward, and it increased.
Michelle tensed. He had pushed into her without any notice. She cringed at the painful invasion. “Wait.”
Slightly confused, Ash looked down. Her expression told him what he had done. “It slipped.”
Technically, it had. She was so wet that he had slid into her easily for an inch or two.
“Get your legs around me. I’ll go slow.” When she had complied, he leaned down and nuzzled her neck, next to her ear. “Now, relax and trust me to make you feel good.” He pressed forward a bit as she dug her nails into his shoulders. “So damn tight.” He could tell it had been years for her. “Take a deep breath and let it out. Then focus on me.”
She did as she was told and tried not to clench. It was instinct to halt his progress, since she worried it was the wrong decision. He rained kisses all over her face. Then he captured her lips while he slowly withdrew and thrust in again.
His mouth distracted her enough that she just let it happen. Her hands slowly ran up and down his back, absently.
“Just like that, sweetness.” Ash sighed as he gave her his full length. He pulled back and gradually made it in balls deep again. “Perfect for me.”
He was sure that she couldn’t accommodate a man much larger than him. She hugged him too snugly. He was in heaven. Never had he fucked a girl that made him feel like a stud. Their bodies fit just right, as if they were made for each other. Each stroke felt like she closed her walls around him on purpose.
It was a shock that he was able to keep the pace calm. Lost in the pleasure, he had his arms around her head, lips pressed to hers. Nothing else mattered but her. His hips pumped again and again as he gasped. He didn’t hear or see anything. That had never happened before.
No longer nervous, Michelle ran her fingers through his hair and smiled at him when he lifted his head. Then a sudden thought came to her. “Are you wearing a condom?”
“I’m so sorry. Lost my head.” He met her eyes. “I swear, I’m clean.”
Her eyes widened. “I’m not on anything.” Panic set in. “Did you… Did you c—cum already?”
He slowly pulled out. “No. Promise you that. I’ll get a condom. I just wanted you so bad.” He had no idea how he had forgotten. That had never happened to him before.
“Is that a typical line?” She watched him grab a condom from the nightstand and roll it over his wet erection in the dim light from the window.
With a frown, he shook his head. “Of course not. I—I’ve… I’ve never done bareback.” He was still shocked at himself. “But I get checked twice a year. I swear. I don’t do this all the time. It really was just an accident.” He was terrified she would leave. It hadn’t occurred to ask if she was on birth control. All his girlfriends had been. They also had not talked about past sexual experiences in detail. “Um… You’re clean too… Right?”
“How could you ask that?” She scowled at him.
He shrugged. “We never talked about it.”
“True. I’m clean, too.” She didn’t want things to end before they got started. “Come back here.”
Ash grinned as he dove onto the bed. “Ready for more?”
“I am.” She waited until he was back in position. Then she wrapped her legs around his back and locked her ankles. It was not something she had done before, but she liked how the angle felt. “Go slow.” She cringed when the tip of his cock pressed against her entrance.
“Ssh, sweetness,” he whispered in her ear. “Just like before but safer.” He thrust forward and groaned loudly. “God, you feel so fuckin’ good.” He held her close and buried his face in her neck. “I could make love to this body, day and night.” He knew she wouldn’t like crude words at that moment. After a few more minutes, he was confused by her lack of reaction. “Does it feel good?”
She took in a shaky breath and nodded. “Yes.”
He didn’t understand why she was quiet and did nothing but touch his hair or shoulders. “Say something or make noise. I can’t tell when you like it or don’t. I can’t read your mind. Help me give you pleasure. I wanna hear you.”
“Uh…” She had always been quiet during sex. It never occurred to her that she could do otherwise. She had watched porn and assumed the women made all that noise for the cameras. “What do I do?”
His hips froze, and he stared at her. “You don’t know what to do?”
“Well…” She felt a bit sheepish. “I guess not. Do I just make those noises they do in pornos?”
He couldn’t help but laugh. “Sweetness, you do what you want to, what comes naturally. Talk to me or moan if you feel the need. Tell me if I’m doing it wrong.”
“You are definitely not doing it wrong.” She was at a loss as to what he wanted, though.
A change of tactics was in order. “OK. Close your eyes. Now, tell me how this feels.” He withdrew to the tip then drove into her fast.
“Good.”
“Just good?” He didn’t know how to explain it. “Am I hitting that spot inside you?”
She furrowed her eyebrows. “What spot?”
He grunted as he pulled out. Then he reached down and pushed two fingers into her. It took a few seconds, but she flinched when he found the sensitive bundle of nerves. “This.” He pressed against it, and she squirmed. “You like that, huh?” He thrust his fingers a few times, and her hips lifted as her lips pursed hard. “Open your mouth.” She was a good listener. “Now keep it open and don’t hold back. If you need to scream, go right ahead.”
Ash rubbed that spot relentlessly as she tried like hell to hold back any sound. Her entire body thrashed in protest while he pressed harder and harder. He could see her walls start to crumble. Her head went back, then her back arched.
He smirked when he added more pressure. She squeezed his fingers within, just before she let out a howl. The moisture increased inside her, and she flailed all over. Worried, he pulled his fingers free of her body and waited.
“That’s what I wanted.” He ran the back of his knuckles over her cheek. “Lose control. It’s a good thing.”
She gasped for air for a few minutes more. Then she looked into his eyes. “Never… I… Never… How… I…” A full sentence wouldn’t form.
He knew what she couldn’t say. His lips brushed over hers. “You never came like that before, huh?” Her head shake was all he needed to make both his heads swell. “I’ll give you that every time. If only you’ll let me.”
When she had finally caught her breath, Michelle touched his face. She had no idea that an orgasm could last that long. The ones she’d had before had been good, but could not compare.
“No one ever tried that before. That was earth shattering.” It was the only way she could describe it. “I’m not very experienced.”
“That’s fine.” He winked. “After today. I want you to experiment with me.”
Her smile was genuine. “I’d like that.”
“Is it my turn yet?” He chuckled. “Promise I won’t cum before you do again.”
“Again?” She didn’t understand. “How can I do it again?”
He rolled his eyes. “Man, you’ve been with novices. Baby, I’m the master. You’re gonna cum again, even if I have to force it outta ya.”


CHAPTER ELEVEN

“I’m not going to be able to walk tomorrow.” Michelle held onto Ash’s shoulders with her back against the wall.
When she had mentioned they used that position a lot in the books she read, he’d lifted her up and walked to the nearest wall. They’d had sex at least six times that day. There was no clock in his bedroom, so she had no idea how long they had been at it.
He had only left the room to get food and drinks. She didn’t have the energy to do much of anything. Every time she thought she could function again, he had slammed his dick back into her.
She had no complaints. Each time was as amazing as the last, in a different way. The first time he had made sweet love to her, as she always wished a man would. Then they had talked about simple things she had always wanted to try. He had given her a little while to rest then set off to make everything happen in one day.
They didn’t venture into anything kinky or uncomfortable for her. He seemed happy just to experiment with variations of missionary. She was grateful that he wanted to give her everything she’d never had before.
At that moment, she was overwhelmed. She knew she couldn’t take much more. He pumped his hips up relentlessly, while her body bounced some. His lips moved over her neck slowly.
She shivered. He knew exactly how to get her to peak quickly. Her nails dug into his shoulders as a wave threatened to consume her. She closed her eyes and let her head hit the wall.
“Cum for me.” Ash felt her walls contract slightly. He wanted her to go home completely sated and begging for more. “Cum for me, sweetness.”
Those words worked wonders. She exploded as she clung to him for dear life. “Oh my God, Ash!”
He groaned as she squeezed him tightly while she ground her hips down. “Fuck,” he whispered. The last two times they’d fucked, he had held back. His orgasm begged to be released. When she clenched him tighter, he couldn’t wait any longer. “Michelle… Michelle…”
He never called out names, so it was new for him to do so. His body tensed as spurt after spurt of semen filled the condom. He wanted badly to cum in her, but he understood he couldn’t. They would have to have a long talk about birth control, especially since condoms were not 100%.
After he had spent it all, he held her close and leaned on her a bit. Her body sagged against his. That told him she’d had enough. His dick probably couldn’t take anymore as it was. He had never had four orgasms in one day until then. When he pulled out, he winced. Most definitely gonna feel that tomorrow.
He kissed her lips, nose, cheeks, jaw and forehead. “You need to lay down?” Her nod made him smile. “Fucked the breath outta ya, huh? Told ya so.”
He chuckled. She hadn’t believed him when he had told her she would be exhausted by the end of the day. He carried her to the bed and carefully laid her down.
“I’ll get you some cold water.”
On the way downstairs, he wore a goofy smile. That day had been better than he dreamed it could be. And she’s still so damned tight!
He had expected their first time to be memorable, but he thought it would be a one fuck session then they would drift off to sleep. Not even close. Although they both had fallen asleep a few times, they were connected at the pelvis for most of the day.
At one point, he had penetrated her bareback again and just slept while inside her. He knew that was stupid, but he couldn’t resist.
Suddenly, just before the kitchen, he stopped in his tracks. “Shit!” Reality came crashing down as that irresponsible moment flashed through his mind. He had just taken the condom off. It was possible his dick was covered with his little swimmers. What if I already got her pregnant? “Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!”
He didn’t know any women who weren’t on birth control. It was never a problem before. His heart pounded out of control.
She’s gonna kill me if she finds out I did that to her. Panic turned into horror. Oh my fuckin’ God! I can’t be a father. I’ll fuck the kid up as much as I am. After a few deep breaths, he finally regained control of the wild thoughts in his head. Worry about it only if she’s pregnant. What ifs don’t get you nowhere.
Finally able to breathe normally again, he dug in the freezer and pulled out a frozen pizza. He didn’t want to wait for delivery.
While the oven warmed, he poured two glasses of water and headed upstairs. What he found made him grin madly. She was asleep on her side with her ass sticking out. He set the two glasses down and carefully sat on the bed. Her folds peeked out, wet and glistening from their day.
Unable to resist, he leaned down and ran his tongue through them. He had yet to taste her, so he enjoyed that brief opportunity. She had refused when he tried to go down on her. When she didn’t move, he lifted her leg to get a better angle and buried his face.
“Wha-” Michelle felt the tongue between her legs. It made no sense to her. Then she glanced down her body and found Ash there. “What—Ay!” Her entire body shuddered. What’s he doing? She was so inexperienced, she wasn’t sure.
Ash tasted her orgasm. He moaned as he sucked on her clit hard. For a few seconds, he thought about fingering her, but he was sure that she was as sore as he was.
When she was finally still again, he lifted his head. “Sorry. Couldn’t resist that pink beauty staring at me. Best tasting pussy in Florida.” He winked.
She rolled her eyes. He was corny and crazy. However, she couldn’t resist him. “Good thing.” She didn’t plan to share him.
“You sleep good?” He snuggled up behind her and took her into his arms.
With a slight nod, she said, “I’m still tired, but it makes no sense.”
“That’s what a good fuck does to ya. Drains everything and makes you content.” He nuzzled the back of her neck. “I could hold you all night again and still be smiling.”
She groaned. “I have to work tomorrow. I need to go home tonight.”
“I know your boss.” He chuckled. “I’ll tell him you’re sick.” He changed his voice slightly. “Mr. Taylor, Miss Reynolds has taken ill and can’t come to work today.” He went back to his normal tone. “Aw, that’s too bad. I hope she has someone there to take care of her.”
Michelle burst into giggles. “You’re nuts.”
“About you.” He hugged her tight. “I’m free all day tomorrow. Please play hooky?”
She shook her head. “I’m sorry, but the kids need me. You can meet me at The Center if you want. We can always use an extra set of hands.”
“OK, fine.” He kissed her cheek. “I’ll be back. Gotta put the pizza in the oven.”
“Pizza?”
He climbed off the bed. “Yeah, dinner.”
“What time is it?” She laid on her back and stretched.
He growled. “Time to feast on that pussy again.” He moved back to the bed.
“Uh-uh.” Her legs closed tightly. “Give me a few hours to get that thing back to normal again. Feels like you never left it.”
With a grin, he said, “Good. My dick’s gonna be the only thing in there until I say otherwise.”
That confused her. “Wait. What?”
“You’ll see.” He let out an evil laugh. “I got a plan to break you in slow.” He rushed out of the room so she couldn’t question him.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“I’m following you home whether you like it or not,” Ash insisted as he stood in the open garage. It was quite dark out, which made sense for ten at night.
Michelle stared at him. She didn’t want him to be clingy and jealous. “I know my way home.”
“Look. I need to know my woman got home safe, since she doesn’t live with me.” He pulled out his keys. “Don’t make me ask you to move in.” His own words made him freeze. What’d I just say? This chick’s got my balls twisted in a knot already. “Anyway, I won’t bug you all night, just wanna make sure you get home. That way I don’t have to worry.”
She huffed. “Fine.”
He waited until she was inside her car. Then he got behind the wheel of the 300 and started it up. The entire trip, he drove close behind her. Balm-Riverview was darker, since it was a back road. He couldn’t let her travel it alone if he could help it.
The farms were gone, but in its place were new developments. He wasn’t sure what type of people had taken over the area. It was mostly paranoia, which he was not used to. He had never worried about a girlfriend or a lover before her.
As soon as they arrived, he glanced at his own trailer. Should I tell her? He wasn’t sure how she would take it. Maybe I should just give it away, so I can get rid of it.
“I’ve never seen who lives there,” Michelle explained after they had gotten out of their cars and she had noticed where his eyes had focused. “I heard he only shows up at night. Kinda weird.”
Ash panicked when one of the neighbors came out of their trailer. He wanted her to hurry up. He had talked to the man a few times. When their eyes met, he knew things were about to go sideways.
“I need to tell you something, Michelle.” Ash rushed over to her. “Now.”
She dug in her purse for her house keys. “We can talk inside.”
“It is you.”
Ash cringed. Please be talking to someone else. When a hand landed on his shoulder, he turned. “Uh, hi.”
“Finally met our Miss Michelle, huh?” The man smirked, knowingly. “Guess you just have a way with the ladies.”
Michelle’s face screwed up. “What’s he talking about?”
“This is our mysterious neighbor,” the man offered. “Parades in with ladies at all hours of the night.”
Oh my fucking God! This is not happening. Ash’s breath became labored as possible outcomes played out in his head. She’s not saying anything. Please say something. Fuck, I blew it! Please say something!
“Thanks, Chuck.” Michelle swallowed hard. “I’ll be fine.” She waited for him to leave. Then she charged Ash and shoved him as hard as she could.
Ash fell back a few steps but caught himself. “I’m sorry. I shoulda told you. I didn’t know how.”
“You’ve been spying on me?” She couldn’t stop the tears. “And—and—and cheating on me because I wasn’t ready to sleep with you?”
His mouth dropped. “What? You got it all wrong. I had this place for years. When I saw you lived here too, I was terrified to explain.”
“Explain!” She covered her face as she cried. “Now!”
He moved toward her and laid a hand on her shoulder. She flinched and stepped back. “I’m sorry.” He shoved his hands in his pockets and paced. “I don’t take women to my place… I meant didn’t. Ugh, Goddammit! I’ve been faithful. I fucking swear. This is the place I used to take chicks. None of them have seen my place. Not even my last girlfriend. We always met at hers.”
He took a glimpse at her and didn’t see hatred in her expression, just betrayal. Maybe I can fix this.
“It was a big fucking deal for me to bring you home with me. I haven’t stepped foot in that trailer since the night we went out to dinner. Ask nosy Chuck if you want. I promise you, I have not spied on you, or cheated on you, or wanted to sleep with other women. There’s only been you since that night. Do you understand what that means? I gave up my life for you.”
“If you miss it so much, take it back.” She spun and headed to her door.
He hurried to her and forced her to turn around. “No!” He pressed her against the metal side of her trailer. “I don’t miss one fucking minute of it!” He brushed his lips over hers. “I only want you. I want to make you happy and take care of you. I-”
No fuckin’ way do I love her. It’s too fuckin’ soon.
“I just want you.” He leaned his head next to hers. “Please. I had no idea you lived here until I picked you up for the party. I’m selling the place. No wait. I’ll give it to a family who needs it. I don’t need it, and I don’t need the money.”
He met her eyes again. She had a strange expression on her face.
“Please. Tell me you understand. I didn’t tell you because it didn’t matter anymore. That’s my past. You’re my future.”
Dumbfounded, Michelle had no idea how to respond. Her extreme reaction was because of how she felt about him, coupled with the day of sex together.
She had thought she had made the biggest mistake of her life. However, he had begged her to understand his side. His eyes told her it was all true. She hadn’t noticed his trailer in use since that night, so she was quite sure he couldn’t be proven wrong.
Her eyes focused on his. There were tears. He was so emotional that he was almost brought to tears! That has to mean this is real. What we have must be as special as I thought it was. Give him a chance you idiot!
“I’m sorry I assumed.” She felt awful that she didn’t trust him. He had never done anything to make her mistrust him. “That was just… a shock. I had worried a few times that I wouldn’t be enough for you.”
He looked around. Others had come outside to watch them argue. “Can we go inside and talk about this in private?”
“Yes.” She had finally noticed the others who had front row seats to her meltdown. Within seconds, they sat on her beat up old couch. “I am enough for you, aren’t I?”
With a smile, he took her hand in both of his. “You are.”
“On tour… can you handle it?” She couldn’t say exactly what she meant.
Ash sighed. “I can.” He winked when she glanced at him. “Got my hand to keep me company.”
She giggled. “You would say that.”
“It’s true.” He moved one hand to his crotch and simulated masturbation. “I might get blisters, but I’d do it for you.”
She pushed him with her shoulder. “You’re so bad.”
“That’s what you like about me. My bad boy side.” He tackled her to her back. “Or maybe my sexy side.” He spread her legs and pressed his slightly swollen shaft to her core. Then he leaned his face toward hers. “Or my sweet side.” He kissed her softly.
“All of them,” she whispered into his mouth. “Ow!” He had thrust against her.
He gritted his teeth and pulled back. “Sorry. Kinda sore, huh?”
“Yes.” She had never had sex so many times in one week, never mind one day. “I think it’ll get better in a few days.”
He nuzzled her nose with his. “It will. You’ll get used to me… and my dick.” When she yawned, he groaned. “Guess it’s time for me to go. You need to get to bed.” He carefully got to his feet. “Lemme just use your bathroom.”
“Second door on the left.” She stood. Her trailer had two small bedrooms. The second one was used for storage. Although she had sold most of the furniture from the house she had lost, she still had things that didn’t have a place in the trailer. “I’m gonna get clothes out for tomorrow.”
Ash acknowledged her from the bathroom. Then he headed to the kitchen. The hanging file organizer was still in the same spot. He double checked that Michelle was still busy.
When he was sure she was, as quickly as possible, he pulled out her overdue bills and took pictures of the account numbers and company contact info. He didn’t want her to know his plan. It was something he had thought about since the first time he had been there.
“You done?” She called to him.
From the door, he replied, “Yep, just waiting on you.”
After a long kiss goodbye, Ash was on his way home. Seconds after he had walked in the door, he was on the phone with Michelle’s car insurance company. It took a long explanation, but they let him pay her entire bill off.
He didn’t waste time and went on to her credit cards. By the time he was done, he had spent over $200,000. As far as he knew, she was debt free at that point. He hoped if she found out why, she didn’t lose it on him.


CHAPTER TWELVE

The next morning, Michelle woke up with a smile. The past few days played over in her mind as she lay in bed, unwilling to climb out from under the blanket. She stretched and giggled.
Although she had been alone for more than eight hours, she still felt Ash’s body over hers and his penis inside her. She closed her eyes and heard him whisper in her ear as he thrust into her. No one had ever treated her the way he had. She felt as if she was the rock star instead of him.
She had to work that day, but her mind was still in weekend mode. Normally, she climbed out of bed right away and made a cup of coffee. Her body didn’t want to start the day, though. She stretched her limbs again and crawled to the edge of the mattress.
After a few minutes in the bathroom, she headed for the kitchen to start coffee. She was still tired. All night, she had reached out for Ash, and he wasn’t there.
She had wanted to call him and ask him to come over when she had woken up the first time, but she felt it was too soon for sleepovers to become a habit. This time, I’m taking things slow.
Years ago, she had gone the path of instalove. That turned out so well, huh? Memories she had long buried for good reason surfaced. She couldn’t stop them.
As she watched coffee drip into her mug, her vision blurred from tears. Old fears returned. She couldn’t imagine Ash being anything like Paul, but her brain wanted her to remember how bad things could get.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“Just relax,” Paul whispered as he hovered over her.
She shook with fear as his skin touched hers. Although she’d had the sex talk with her mother, it hadn’t included many details. His hips slid between her legs, and she cringed.
At 17, she had not been intimate with anyone but Paul. On their prom night, she had agreed to do the deed. He tried to be nice and caring, but it still felt rushed to her.
“Don’t close your legs on me,” he insisted. “You promised. I waited six months.”
Her eyes closed when she felt the tip move through her folds. He pushed inside and she whimpered. “It hurts.”
“It’s supposed to,” he growled. “Chill out.”
Tears fell as he forced his way into her. She knew he hadn’t hurt her on purpose, but he also hadn’t tried to make it easier for her. Her fingers curled around his arms. She wanted it to be over already.
“Stop crying.” He shook his head as he pumped his hips faster. “Baby, you feel good.”
She didn’t understand why it did. To her, it was still slightly painful and annoying. Why’d I agree to this?
Something her mother had told her, flashed through her mind. Sex was painful the first time. She figured that meant the next time it wouldn’t be. That was a relief. If she let him do it again, she hoped it felt good, like she read it was supposed to.
“Uh, God.” He moaned in her ear and paused his rhythm. “I’m gonna fuck you every night.” He groaned loudly then muttered, “How’d you like that, baby?”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Her mind came back to the present, and she shook her head in disgust. Paul had never been a thoughtful lover, even after they had grown up. He had even cheated on her after high school. They had broken up for a few years, then had gotten back together again.
In the two years they were apart, she had dated three men. None of them were anything special, but most of them were better in bed than Paul. They just never captured her heart.
Since she had to get to work, she ate a quick bowl of cereal and jumped in the shower. Once there, her mind drifted back to Ash.
They had met two years prior. At the time, it had been almost three years since her breakup with Paul, and she had become quite depressed. He had made her smile that first day. His sweet grin had her hooked from that first moment. However, then she had realized who he was and knew he was way out of her league. Obviously, I was wrong.
A sigh escaped her lips when she recalled the few seconds that she had watched Ash in the shower. It had been a bit bold. That was something she was not used to. For too long, she had hidden from the world to protect her heart.
The past weekend had opened up a whole new world for her. She wanted to get the old Michelle back. Before the move to Florida, she was happy and confident. After, Paul had become controlling and that had changed her. By the end of their relationship, she wasn’t sure how to function normally. I need to leave all that behind so I can explore this relationship with Ash.
Just after she had gotten dressed, her phone rang. “Mom? Funny you called. I was just thinking about you.” She knew she needed to tell her mother about Ash. It would ease her concern. “Guess what? I met someone. You’ll like him.”
“Oh really?” Her mother, Vivian, smiled. “He’s not a teacher, right?”
With a sigh, Michelle rolled her eyes. “He’s not. Um… He runs Safe Haven.”
“That’s interesting.” Vivian could tell by her daughter’s voice that she was falling in love. “Does he treat you well?”
Michelle couldn’t help but grin. “He does. He spoils me.”
“So he has money.” That was a relief. Vivian knew her daughter had struggled since Paul had left her. “That’s a nice change. When can we meet him?”
“It’s too soon.” Michelle didn’t know if Ash even wanted to meet her family. “He lives in that housing development you were looking at last time you came for a visit.”
“Really?” her mother asked. “I’m sure he lives in one of the larger houses, though.” At least she hoped so.
Michelle recalled his place. “Yes, and it’s beautiful. Mom, I really like him. When we’re ready, maybe we’ll come up for a visit.”
“I’d love that, honey.” Vivian checked the time. “Oh, don’t you need to get to work?”
“Yes. I do.” Michelle glanced at the clock. “I’ll call you again sometime this week.”
Minutes later, she was behind the wheel of her car and on the road. Her mind had not shut off. Memories continued to return.
She smiled as she thought about the first time she had seen Velocity in concert. She was blown away. Her eyes had moved all over the stage, so she hadn’t focused on any one of them long enough to remember them. She had taken two pictures with her phone; one of Ash and one of Bryce.
It had been those pictures that had made her realize the hot guy who volunteered at The Center was not just anyone. The day came back to her clearly.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“He’s so dreamy,” Beth said to Michelle after Ash walked in the front door.
Michelle looked up, and her mouth dropped. The beautiful man with the long blond hair merited more than a brief glance. He spoke with one of the parents by the front desk, so she had the opportunity to ogle him.
Her eyes moved over his body. Strong biceps peeked out of his sleeves and the skin tight jeans showed off a sweet ass. She rarely drooled over men, but he was so worth it.
“Hi! I’m Ash.”
Her head snapped up when she realized the hottie stood in front of her. “Uh, hi.”
“You’re new.” He gave her a sexy grin. “Thought I knew all the sexy ladies in town.”
Instantly, her cheeks blushed deep red. She wasn’t sure what to say. “Um…”
“Cat got your tongue?” He lifted her chin. “I’ll see ya around.”
She stood there with her mouth agape long after he had disappeared into the gym.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

She laughed out loud at herself. Later that day she had searched for a picture for Beth and found the one she had taken of Ash. Once she had realized who he was, it had somehow made talking to him easier.
Since he was out of her league, she had no reason to impress him. That meant they could be friends. She had never had a male friend before, so it was nice to be able to get see the other side of things.
At a red light, Michelle checked the rearview mirror and noticed a hickey on her neck. She quickly took her hair down and covered it. That would tell everyone she had been with someone. She wasn’t ready to explain things yet, maybe another day.


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

When Michelle walked into Safe Haven Tuesday morning, Beth grabbed her arm and yanked her into an empty classroom. “What’re you doing?”
Beth glared at her friend when the door was closed. “You better spill. Charlene just told me you and Ash were holding hands on the Disney trip. You said nothing happened. I think otherwise. Yesterday, you came in here with a smile a million miles wide. Don’t lie to me. What’s going on with you two?” She finally stopped, took a breath, and waited.
“Uh...” Michelle had no idea how to answer her. She and Ash had not discussed if they would be open about their new relationship. “There’s nothing to tell.”
“Bullshit! Look at that hickey on your neck!” Beth poked the small bruise under Michelle’s ear.
Michelle pulled away and sighed. “I don’t want the whole place to know my business.” She had heard Beth gossip a few times about others who worked there.
“I swear I won’t utter a word.” Beth pressed her hands together. “Please. I want you to be happy. Did he sweep you off your feet and end your dry spell?”
Unable to hold it in anymore, Michelle grinned. “Yes.”
“Details. Girl, I need details!” Beth grabbed Michelle’s hands then jumped up and down several times. “Please!”
Michelle shook her head. “I don’t kiss and tell.”
“OK so skip the kissing.” Beth was beyond excited. “Get to the down and dirty. How big is his dick?”
That made Michelle turn bright red. “I’m not telling you that.”
“I heard Leo is OMFG huge. Is it true?”
Michelle furrowed her eyebrows. “I’m not dating Leo. Ash has plenty for me.” She wanted to brag a little. “It hurt at first, but I was able to get used to him.”
“Oh God! He’s hung. I knew it!” Beth bounced on the balls of her feet. “Can you hook me up with Leo? You know I’m a sucker for dirty blonde hair.”
After she let out a sigh, Michelle rolled her eyes. “We’ll see. He’s a bit too crude for my tastes.” Her cheeks heated up again when an image of Leo’s penis came to mind. “He’s the comedian of the group.”
“He’s dreamy.” Beth had a huge crush on Leo. Anytime he came to The Center, she did all she could to be near him. He was nice but didn’t seem interested. That might have been because the kids were always around, though. “Just give me one night with him, and he’ll never want another woman.”
Michelle giggled. “He does them two at a time, from what I hear. You’ll need a friend.”
“I can do that.” Beth knew she wasn’t Leo’s type. She had seen pictures of him with various women. All were models. “I’m not looking for love, just a roll in the hay. He’s not the kinda guy you settle down with.”
That’s a relief. Michelle had worried that her friend had fallen for the womanizer of the band. That would not be pretty. “We need to get to work.”
“OK, but one more question. Did you call your mom and tell her about Ash?”
Michelle smiled widely. “Yes, but I didn’t tell her he was a rock star. She’s happy for me. At least now she’ll stop telling me about men she’s met at church who would be perfect for me.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

That afternoon, Ash stepped outside from the garage because he heard a commotion of some type. He had to meet the guys for practice soon. What he found was quite common.
Teens in his area hung around and waited for him to leave the house some days. It wasn’t a secret where he lived, but he expected some level of privacy. At least the kids didn’t knock on his door or ring his bell at all hours of the night. It could be worse.
“How’s it going, guys?” He waved to the group and smiled.
One young man said, “Hi, Mr. Taylor. Could we take a few pictures to post on Facebook?”
“Sure.” Ash didn’t mind interacting with the kids unless they stepped over the line. Not many of them did, though. He posed for a few with the entire group then a couple of shots with each one of them. The excitement was almost tangible. That was something he never tired of. “Sorry, boys. I need to get to practice. Hope you can all come down to 98Rockfest next month. We’re headlining the free show outside.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

When Ash had walked into the band’s beach house, he was surprised that it was quiet. Everyone’s vehicle was in the circular driveway. The rear blinds were open, so he could see Tampa Bay beyond the patio.
Technically, there was no beach behind the huge house. There were rocks and a long dock. So far, they had not purchased a boat, but they had talked about it. The Apollo Beach Nature Reserve was down the block. There was a strip of sand, but no one went swimming because it was shark infested water.
They had the house built on a double lot so they could customize everything. Since it was a prime spot for flooding, it was set back as far as possible and insured very well, if ever there was a bad storm.
That was only possible because they had opted for every possible damage prevention measure, like hurricane shutters, reinforced roof, special doors, and windows. Leo had suggested a moat, but the rest of them refused. His ideas could be insane sometimes.
At least it had been easy to design the inside. They had all agreed on the layout. It had four master bedrooms. Two were upstairs, two downstairs, all in the rear of the house. It was for privacy and allowed all four to have a beautiful view.
Upstairs, there were four more bedrooms, an office, a game room, and a sitting room. Then downstairs they had a formal living room, a family room, a second office, a media room, and a soundproofed practice room.
“Where are you guys?” Ash had searched the entire first floor.
Bryce shouted, “Up here. I was in the shower when these clowns showed up.”
“Okie dokie.” Ash climbed the stairs and heard laughter.
Frustrated, Bryce growled, “I fucking live here now. Hey, Ash. Tell these clowns to stop fuckin’ with my stuff.”
Ash walked into Bryce’s room and sighed. Ian sat on the bed, but the others were spread out in the large bedroom. Poor Bryce was still naked, searching the room. “What’d you guys do?”
“Nothing.” Leo chuckled as he covered his mouth.
Ian shrugged. “Not my idea. They took his clothes somewhere.”
“They’re not even in the room?” Bryce yelled. He stalked into the hallway. “Why can’t these guys grow up?” He had already had a bad day, and it just continued to get worse.
Ash followed him to the linen closet. “Typical.” He shook his head when Bryce finally found some of his clothes. “What else’s up? I know you, man.”
“You won’t believe it.” Bryce scowled as he pulled on a pair of boxers. “I went to Vanessa’s to drop off the kids after school. Her car was outside, not in the garage. I found her in bed with that guy she said she met a few weeks ago. Then she tells me she’s been fuckin’ him since before rehab. Was I that much of a dick to her?”
That was hard for Ash to answer honestly. “Um… Well…”
“Fuck!” Bryce banged his head against the wall. “I was. So much of my memory is just gone.”
Ash laid a hand on his best friend’s shoulder. “You need to let the past go and live in the now. There’s nothing you can do about it.”
Bryce nodded. The truth hurt. “I know. It’s just not easy when it keeps getting thrown in my face.” He took a deep breath then pulled on a pair of shorts. “Some days I hate her.” He stomped back to his room. “Get the fuck out, and stop messin’ with my stuff!” When the room was clear except him and Ash, he sat on the bed. “How’d the post about the trailer go?”
“Forgot about that.” Ash leaned on a wall. He had posted a notice at Safe Haven about his two-bedroom trailer available, free of charge, to anyone in need, just apply with the receptionist. “Three signed up for it so far. Not sure how to choose someone.”
Bryce laughed. “That’s easy. Interview each family, then give it to the one who needs it the most.”
“Didn’t think of that.” Ash smiled. “Thanks. Let’s get downstairs.”
Reggie stood up when Bryce and Ash walked into the studio. “We were just playin’ around. I’m sorry we fucked with you like that. We didn’t know about Vanessa. If we did, you know we wouldn’t have done it.”
“Forget it.” Bryce waved a hand in the air. “I’m over it.”
Leo slapped his thighs. “I’ll help you put it all away after we’re done.”
“Fine.” Bryce wanted to let it go and just play.
Matt, their Front of House sound engineer, had everything already set up. He always recorded practice and jam sessions. Ian had the tendency to create new riffs while he tuned his guitar, so they didn’t want to lose anything.
“I need to get what’s in my head recorded,” Ian said as he threw his guitar strap over his neck. As soon as he was settled, his fingers flew over the frets. An incredible riff filled the room.
Reggie laughed. “Knew it. You got that, Matt?”
“Yep.” Matt laughed. It was the reason he had made sure to show up early. “Go ahead, Ian. It’s all ready.”
They all watched while Ian played his heart out. His face showed the emotion in the music, pain. Everyone knew he wasn’t telling them something. It was way too obvious that he was in a bad place. His eyes closed as he segued into a second solo which was faster but just as soulful.
“Somethin’s goin’ on with him,” Ash whispered to Bryce. “Hope Sherry’s OK.”
Bryce shrugged. “He hasn’t said anything. Now that I think about it, he’s been busy every time I’ve asked him to come by. When I call, usually I hear her voice. Bet they’re fucking again. You know those two can’t stay mad at each other.”
When Ian had given them all he had written, and a few things he had come up with on the spot, he looked around. “Sound good?”
“Fuck, yeah!” Leo cried out. “Damn, this is gonna be a great album.” He shook out his hair. “Ash, Bryce, you got anything?”
Ash nodded. “Some, but you know me. I feed off you guys.”
“I got some pretty dark stuff.” Bryce grabbed his notebook from the table across the room. “Only one is complete. The others need a bit of work.”
He set the book on a music stand and held his guitar on his lap. Fans were used to songs about his relationship with his wife. That song was different from the others. It was more like a goodbye. She was the subject of over half their song catalog, good and bad. Eyes closed, he played the melody a few times. Then he started to sing:

“Deep in my heart
I always knew
We would never last
Even if I loved you.
It’s time to go
Can’t do this no more.
Wave goodbye to you
As I walk out the door.”

Bryce’s head went back as he played a few measures. Then the chorus began:

“You crushed my soul in your hand.
Pushed me down when I tried to stand.
I’m taking back my life.
After all the shit we’ve been through.
Things were even worse than I knew.
I’m taking back my life.”

Bryce had to stop. The pain had all come back. He took a few deep breaths. “There’s more, but you got the gist.”
“That was great.” Ian moved his fingers into place. “Both of us are kinda fucked in the head. This feels right for it.” He closed his eyes and heard Bryce’s words while he played.
Ash stared with his mouth open. It was as if Ian was in Bryce’s head. “Damn, that was perfect. That’s why we keep you around.” He laughed, and the others joined him.
“OK then, we’re up.” Leo stood and shook out his hair again.
With a grin, Ash set his phone to record and pointed it to Leo. “Here he goes again. The prima donna of Velocity is about to show us how to make a fairy man bun.” That happened at every practice. Normally Ash just teased Leo.
Leo gathered his thick hair into a ponytail slowly as he made sure Ash filmed his good side. “This is how it’s done, ladies.”
“He sweeps his beautiful hair up and around.” Ash tried not to laugh. When Leo finally had the bun set, Ash walked around to film the back. “How does he do it?”
Seconds after he had posted it to his Instagram, Ash’s phone went off several times. He swiped the screen and was shocked to see positive responses, all from women. He had expected fans to laugh at Leo. He’s gonna get a swelled head over this.
“Enough about Leo.” Bryce waved at Ash. “We need to get some work done.”
Leo sat on his stool and tapped a cymbal. “I’m ready.” He jumped when his phone went off in his back pocket. By the time he had checked what the alert was, constant notifications started to come in. “Whoa! You see this, Ash?”
“Yeah.” Ash’s phone continually went off as well. The video had been shared a bunch of times, and the girls went nuts over it. He was quite disappointed. “It’s just hair. What the hell’re they fussin’ over?”
Leo laughed. “My hair’s beautiful. That’s why they love me more than you. You should grow yours out more.” His feet worked double time on the bass drums. “Time to play!”
Within an hour, they had worked out two songs. They still needed a lot of polishing, though. It was more than they had expected to get done that day. All of them had been inspired during their break. That made it easier.
Ian’s phone rang. When he glanced at the screen, his eyes opened wide. “Pete?”
“Everything OK?” Ash watched Ian’s face drop.
Ian jumped off the couch. “What do you mean something? Is she hurt?”
Bryce stood. The panic in Ian’s voice made his heart speed up. “We’ll go with you.”
Oblivious to the concern of his bandmates, Ian grabbed his car keys. “Pete, we’ll talk about this when you get home. I’ll meet you there.” He put his phone away. “I gotta go.” The rest of them stared at the open door. Ian had never done that before.
Ash spoke first. “Should we follow him? He looked upset.”
“No.” Bryce knew if Ian had wanted their help, he would have asked. “He’ll tell us when he can.”
A loud chime made Ash look up. The light above the door flashed as well. He had expected her to call him from the gate, so he could open it. Unless I accidentally left it open. “That might be Michelle. I asked her to stop by.” He rushed to answer the door. “Hey.”
“Hi.” Michelle turned back to the driveway. “Ian just took off like a bat outta hell. Is everything all right?” She could still hear the Harley several blocks away. Ian’s departure had allowed her access to the house, though.
Ash shrugged. “We don’t know. He ran out and didn’t explain. I hope the kids are OK.” He stepped aside and waved her in. “He’ll tell us later.”
Before they entered the practice room, she grabbed his arm. “I need to tell you something strange. I went to pay my car insurance on lunch, and it was paid off already. They couldn’t explain it.”
“That’s weird.” He somehow kept a poker face. “Guardian Angel?”
She pushed his arm. “Thanks, Angel.”
“What?” It took him a few seconds to realize she meant that she knew.
With a smile, she took his hand in hers. “I’m not mad. Seriously, thank you. You didn’t have to do that, though. I woulda paid it off… eventually.”
“You’re welcome. How’d ya know it was me?”
She smirked. “My files were mixed up. You put a few things in the wrong pocket.”
“I was kinda in a hurry.” He let out a long exhale of relief. “I thought you’d kill me for helping you.”
That made no sense to her. “Why?”
“Because you kept your debt problem a secret.” He lifted her hand and kissed it, then kissed her lips. “I thought you didn’t want me to know.”
She sighed. “I didn’t, but now that you know, I get why you went behind my back.”
“I had a feeling you had money issues.” He toyed with his bottom lip. “Or you wouldn’t hold onto that old car. I hear it breaks down a lot.”
Her face showed the truth, so she didn’t lie. “It does, but it’s OK. In a few months, I might have enough for a down payment on a newer one. Thanks to you.”
She had discovered that he’d paid everything off after she had called the insurance company.
“Next time ask me. I feel a little violated that you looked through my stuff.” She hadn’t planned to admit that, but honesty was best.
“I will.” He pulled her into his arms and smiled. “Next time.” He peeked into the practice room. “We gonna jam without him, or what?”
Leo winked. “As soon as you lovebirds have had enough of each other. I didn’t see any grab ass yet. When we gettin’ to the good part?”
“Fuck you.” Ash tugged Michelle into the room. “I’ll give you a tour of the house after we’re done.” He leaned down and whispered in her ear, “We’ll get to the good stuff later… when Leo leaves.”
She giggled and replied quietly, “Maybe we can start those lessons tonight.”
“Hell yes.” He grabbed her face and mashed his lips to hers. A soft groan escaped as blood rushed south. “Can’t wait.”
Michelle sat on the couch next to Reggie and smiled. She felt like she was backstage at an exclusive concert. Bryce and Ash donned their instruments. Excited, she bounced in anticipation. They discussed what to play for a while, then they got comfortable.
Even without Ian, the three of them sounded good. She wasn’t sure if what they were playing was a new song, or if they were just jamming. Whatever it was, it was as good as their most popular tunes.
She had been a fan of their music for a very long time, so it was an honor to be there. Her eyes moved to Ash as he plucked his strings with his eyes closed. He was so sexy. His blonde hair moved with the beat as he banged his head.
It was hard to believe that was her man. Ash fucking Taylor! Not only that, he actually cared enough to take care of her financial situation.
She had lied to him in a way. When she had first realized what he had done, she’d been furious. She had even called her mother to complain. That’s when her mood had changed.
Her mother had asked if she would be angry if they had paid things off instead. She wouldn’t. That made her think. He’d done it with good intentions. That was the only thing that mattered.
Her focus went back to the band. The song lacked Ian’s signature riffs, but it was an awesome power ballad. There were no words, but it didn’t need them for her to feel the emotion.
Next, Bryce played a set of notes a few times. She had no idea how they normally wrote music, but she loved how one of them started and the others joined in.
Ash’s eyes met Michelle’s for brief moment. He hoped she didn’t figure out the song was for her. Thankfully, Bryce understood why Ash didn’t want her to hear the lyrics. It would give away too much of what was in his heart. He put his all into every song. It was something that came naturally to him.
He watched her with a smile. Does she know that “Just Outta Reach” is about her? He was quite sure she didn’t. After he had written the personal lyrics, he’d changed them to use more general terms.
Anyone who didn’t know him well, wouldn’t know it was about a woman. It was the most popular tune off their last album. The thought of the song reminded him how long he had wanted more with her.


CHAPTER FOURTEEN

“This house is beautiful,” Michelle gushed as Ash led her from room to room. “It’s a mansion. I’ve never been in a house this large.” She understood why it seemed like a fortress from the street. They needed to keep curious people away.
“Thanks.” Ash smiled as he pulled her into the chef’s kitchen at the back of the house. “Bryce likes to cook, so we had him design this room.”
She walked around the kitchen in awe. “This is like something out of a movie. Why don’t you all live here full time?”
“Mostly privacy,” he explained. “And it’s in a flood zone. Even though we made sure to take every precaution, there is still the risk we could lose this place. None of us want anything we treasure to be here, just in case. This is more like a vacation home, but close by.”
“Good idea.” She admired the granite countertops. “Bryce is living here, though.”
“Most of his stuff is still at Vanessa’s, in the storage room.” Ash was glad the master bedrooms were so far apart. “He’ll give us privacy tonight.”
She turned to him, confused. “We’re staying?”
“Yeah.” He smirked. “Got some things here I don’t have at home.” Technically, he didn’t bring women to the beach house either. He just wanted her to wonder what he meant.
Slightly nervous, Michelle wandered over to the French doors in the back of the room. “Wow!” The patio was huge. She imagined the screen enclosure had to be custom made as well. Most homes with large patios that she had seen on television had no screening. “You guys went all out.”
“Yeah.” Ash opened the doors and stepped outside. “Me and Leo can’t handle the bugs. Every bad storm, we have to have someone come out to repair something, but it’s worth not having bug bites on my ass.”
She glanced down. “Your ass?”
“Skinny dipping.” He winked.
They’d had several parties there. Not one chick he had banged had seen his bedroom, though. Every lounge chair had been christened by one of them. He couldn’t tell her some of the things he had done out on the patio. Some things he wasn’t proud of. That life was something he planned to leave behind.
He could never hurt Michelle by going back to his insane sexual antics. Besides, since they’d gone to Orlando, he hadn’t found any other women attractive. He wasn’t sure that would last, but at that moment, he knew none of them could compare to her. It wasn’t something he could pinpoint, but she was everything he’d ever wanted in a woman.
“We can go for a swim tonight if you like.”
She shrugged. “Maybe, if Bryce is asleep.”
He glanced to the bay. “Time to show you the best room in the house… mine.” He led her with a hand on the small of her back. “My bedroom here is bigger than the one at my place.”
Michelle was surprised when she stepped into the upper southwest master bedroom. It was so large, it had a couch and recliner that faced a big screen television. “This is like a mini apartment.”
“That was the idea. So we’d feel at home here.” Ash stopped next to the four poster king bed. “When I was sick one summer, it all came in real handy. The guys sat on the couch to keep me company, but they stayed as far from me as possible.”
She moved toward him. “I would’ve taken care of you.” She palmed his cheek. “What’s the plan tonight?”
“You’ll see.” He wrapped one arm around her back and pulled her to the sliding glass door. “Step one.” He opened the door and smiled at the sun just over St. Petersburg. “Watch the sun set.”
Her eyes widened when she saw the scene. “Beautiful.” She leaned back when he pressed against her from behind. “This house is in the perfect spot.”
“Same idea, huh?” Bryce shouted as he sat in a lounger on his balcony and stared at the setting sun.
Ash nodded and guided Michelle to the balcony rail. His hands briefly smoothed her long skirt. Then he held her around the middle.
He glanced to the right. Bryce was far enough away not to have a clear view of them. Ash was sure she would balk at any intimacy with Bryce outside, though. He let it go and leaned his head on Michelle’s.
The sunset was just as beautiful as it always was. Bryce was out there as often as possible. Ash knew it had a lot of meaning for Bryce. That wasn’t Ash’s thing, though. He just liked the beauty of it and hoped it eased Michelle’s nerves. “Best place to watch this.”
“It is.” She sighed. “Wish I had my camera.”
He pulled his phone out and quickly spun them around. Then he snapped a photo of them with the sun clearly in the background. “My new background.” He turned them again and took a few photos of the colorful sky. “I’ll send these to you.” He had a top of the line iPhone, so he didn’t need a separate camera.
When the sky had finally darkened some, he turned to Bryce’s balcony. It was empty. Slowly, he moved one hand down and ran it under her skirt. He found smooth legs, then silky underwear. His fingers slid over the fabric until he reached the edge of her crotch.
“What’re you doing?” She checked to make sure Bryce was not in sight then looked to the beautiful sky again. “Find anything you like under there?”
He hummed in her ear and pressed his fingertips against her clit through the fabric. “I think I did. This nice long skirt’s gonna come in handy.” He used his pinky and index finger to tug her panties to the middle. Then he drove two fingers into her core.
“Ah!” Michelle had not expected that so quickly.
Her head fell back onto his chest. Oblivious to their location, she gasped when he reached in deeper. She knew what he searched for. He had shown her the pleasure that spot could bring to her. None of her previous lovers had bothered to find it. She had thought full blown screaming orgasms were always faked.
“Suck those fingers in, sweetness.” Ash ground his engorged shaft into her ass cheek. “Want you to soak my fingers.”
His words were blurred together in her head. She couldn’t even see the sky. He worked her sweet spot with precision. Her body shuddered, involuntarily. His voice became deeper, which drove her crazier. Anxiety built as her orgasm was eminent.
“Say my name…”
That broke down all her walls. “Ash… Ash… Ash…” She couldn’t help but chant his name. Her body was rocked with pleasure.
Ash grinned as she rode his hand absently. He loved how she always lost herself to it. “You’re something special, sweetness.”
He had let her body relax before he pulled the condom out. When he had it on, he lifted the back of her skirt and yanked her panties down her thighs. Then he urged her to bend over a bit. She didn’t resist at all. With one finger, he spread her wetness around. She whimpered.
“First lesson… outdoor sex.” He groaned as he thrust into her fully. “Try not to get your picture taken.” He gave her another long stroke. “Let go of the fear.” He thrust again. “And let the risk fuel your pleasure.”
He held her hips as he moved slowly. She tightened every time he was deep inside, so he knew she was still nervous. To help her let go of where they were again, he let one hand wander to her clit.
Her thighs closed, which told him he was on track. With tight circles, he rubbed until her body shuddered. Then he thrust his hips harder; no reaction. He shifted just slightly. His next stroke hit home. Her head smacked his upper chest. Just a few seconds more and she tightened within.
“That’s what I wanted.” He moaned as she cried out his name.
When Michelle’s eyes finally opened, she was shocked to see the patio below. Then she gasped when Ash pulled out. She had been so lost in the pleasure that their surroundings had disappeared.
It was her first experience with outdoor sex. He definitely knew how to make her comfortable. It worried her slightly that at one point being outside had excited her. Am I turning into a sexual deviant? I hope no one at The Center finds out.
“You all right?” Ash worried when she didn’t move.
She nodded. “Yes, just shocked at myself.”
“My little minx.” He nuzzled her neck. “So perfect for me. Wish I knew you were such a devil years ago. I’ll make you into a freak yet.”
She wasn’t sure she liked that. “You want me to change?”
“Hell no.” He held her close. “I want you to let yourself go, so I can see the real you.” He paused because he had expected a retort. She said nothing. “I like you just the way you are, but you showed me sides of you I didn’t know were there. I like every one of them.”
That made her feel better. “Good.”
She’d had no idea that she could enjoy sex as much as he had helped her to. With a smile, she realized she wanted to try something crazy again.
The balcony was safe, since no one could see them but Bryce, if he had been outside. The area was quite private. On each side of them were empty houses. It seemed a few in the neighborhood did not use their homes there often.
“What should we do now?” She knew it was still too early to go to sleep.
He snickered. “Second lesson, oral. Have you ever given a blowjob?”
“Yes.” She automatically screwed up her face.
He felt it. “What was it like?”
“Annoying.” She rolled her eyes. Most men didn’t have good enough hygiene for her. Unless men always smell like that down there.
He grinned slyly. “It won’t be today.” He tugged her inside. “Join me in the shower?”
“Uh, sure.” She liked the idea of a shower, she was just anxious about being exposed completely with him.


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

As they walked into the master bathroom, he noticed her hesitation. “Ya know I seen you naked, right?” It took seconds to get the water at the right temperature. 
“I know.” She hugged herself when he started to strip. “I still… I don’t feel…”
Naked already, he moved to her and took her in his arms. “How many times do I have to tell you? I love your body. You’re absolutely beautiful. What you see as flaws, I see as perfection. I can’t stand skinny-ass chicks. I swear. You are exactly what I love in a woman.”
He pursed his lips when he realized he used the “L” word twice. His hesitation was lost on her. Obviously, he would have to elaborate. She was quite frazzled at that moment. He ran his hands down her sides and grabbed her full hips.
 “This is beautiful to me. Please don’t be ashamed of your body. It makes my mouth water. I can’t wait ’til you’ll let me have a naked picture to take on tour with me. Every inch of you turns me on. Look at my dick. Would I have a constant hard-on if I didn’t like your body?”
“No.” She knew he had a point. “It’s just not easy for me.”
“I know. Close your eyes and trust me.”
He bit his bottom lip when she complied. She would likely be a good submissive if he wanted her that way.
With multiple hair bands on his wrist, he wove his fingers through her hair. Then he put it in a bun the way Leo always did. In a flash, his hair was up as well.
His hands moved to her shoulders to make sure she was still calm. She was. As quickly as possible, he undressed her. Before she had the chance to cover herself, he had taken her hands in his.
“Come this way.” He walked backward into the wide stall. “Small step.” His back hit the water just as her feet touched the tile. “Can I wash you?”
“OK.”
She kept her eyes closed, so she wouldn’t freak out about her state of undress. His soapy hands gently moved over her skin. The scent of coconut surprised her. “You use coconut body wash?”
He laughed. “Nah, I bought this just for you. I was hoping to get you up here.”
“Thanks.” She was grateful she wouldn’t smell like a man all night. Not that his scent was bad, not at all.
Ash made his way to her front and let his hands slide over her belly. She cringed, but he continued his exploration. He went up, over her ribs slowly, then he moved around her breasts.
His fingers made smaller circles until he reached her stiff nipples. He pinched them and pressed his body to hers. With a slight groan, his cock twitched against her back.
“Fuck. I want you again.” She had no idea that he hadn’t orgasmed yet. He wanted to keep it that way, so she wouldn’t take that the wrong way. He just wanted to last all night. “You like shower sex?”
She tensed up. “No condom.”
“Right.” He groaned inwardly. “Forgot. Sorry.” Gotta get her on birth control. He went back to washing her body. “I got something special to wash your pussy.”
“Why do you always use that word?”
He paused, bottle in hand. “What word? Pussy?”
“Yes.” She sighed. “Can’t you call it something else?”
He chuckled. “Like what? Twat?” She shook her head. “Cunt?” That was a worse reaction. “Hoo-ha? Cooch? Cooter? Vajayjay? My personal favorite, kitty?” He laughed at himself. “I’m running out of names here.”
“How about the right term, vagina?” She thought that was obvious.
His laughter became louder. “Wow. OK. Can I clean your va—gi—na?” He leaned his head on her shoulder. “I’m sorry. That word just feels weird. Can I call it kitty? That’s not dirty.”
“Fine.” She didn’t want to change him, but she wasn’t comfortable with his constant crude language either.
“Mmm, nice kitty.” Ash slipped his soapy finger through her folds. “This stuff smells good. Hope it makes this pus—I mean kitty, taste even better.”
She froze when he brushed her clit. That was not what she had expected. He went back to cleaning. Eventually, he attacked her clit again. She was not used to so much pleasure. He was quite insatiable.
His free arm held her body against his while he tortured her with rough strokes. She whimpered as he found the perfect rhythm. Within seconds, her womb contracted and waves of ecstasy washed over her.
“I think I finally got this kitty working my way.” He dragged his lips up her neck to her ear. “Can’t wait to bury my dick in this kitty again.” He pulled her upper-half back a bit while he rinsed her off. “Gimme a minute to wash myself.”
Still stunned, Michelle leaned on the glass wall and watched him. It turned her on to see his hands on his body, though she wasn’t sure why. When he started on his genitals, her mouth opened slightly. His hand moved up and down his shaft to work the soap in. Then it went down to his testicles.
Her folds swelled further. He took his time, which made it even more difficult. By the time he had rinsed off, she was ready for whatever he had in store.
“You ready?” He glanced at her and was glad to see her eyes were focused on his crotch. “I’m all clean and waiting.”
Her gaze shifted up. “For what?”
“Lesson two. You forgot already?” He pointed to his dick. “Oral. I want you to suck me off. Unless you’d rather move to the bed.”
She didn’t answer right away. Her eyes drifted down again. “I’ll try it here.” At least I can wash out my mouth if he tastes gross. Carefully, she got to her knees.
“Take it slow, ’til you get used to it.” Ash stepped toward her and held his cock down slightly.
Michelle stared at it. The very short, blonde hair at the base told her he was a natural blonde. Her gaze shifted downward. His testicles were smooth. A few inches closer and she didn’t smell that strong musty odor. He smelled like his body wash. Maybe that’s the key, a shower first?
“If this scares you, we can skip it.” He was sure he saw fear in her eyes.
She shook her head. “Can I tell you something?”
“You can tell me anything.” He wanted to force his dick into her mouth, but he wouldn’t dare.
Without a look up, she said, “Most men stink down here. Well, the ones I’ve been with. So, I don’t really know what I’m doing.”
“Do I stink?” He hoped she wasn’t that sensitive.
She slowly shook her head. “Just a warning, I might stop after a few seconds.”
“That’s fine.” He groaned silently. Blowjobs were something he enjoyed more than almost anything. When done right, he could orgasm quickly. Not many had that talent, though. He let his shaft go in the hope that it would encourage her.
Gingerly, her tongue swiped the tip while her fingers wrapped around his shaft. Not bad. She was a bit relieved. After another taste, she was sure she could handle it. Slowly, she took the head into her mouth. His loud moan almost made her smile. She closed her mouth over it and sucked hard.
“Damn!” Tingles went up his spine. He glanced down and smirked. Her tiny hands made his dick look bigger. “Like I always say, perfect.”
She let out a giggle. Then she closed her eyes and slid her lips down further. His girth filled her mouth, but his length made it easy to swallow it all.
A strangled groan came from above. That told her he was enjoying it. Encouraged, she pressed her lips to the base and fought the gag reflex. He grabbed her shoulders and panted. It was obvious that he wanted control but resisted. She appreciated that. Gradually, she pulled back and took him deep again.
When she choked, he grabbed her head and withdrew from her mouth. “You don’t have to take it all every time. I like when you play with the tip. That tongue is fuckin’ awesome.” He grabbed her hands and pulled her up. “Let’s move on and come back to this later.” He winked.
She fell into his arms with a smile. “By the way, it wasn’t annoying. You were right.”
“Good.” He backed her to the towel rack. “On to… Lesson thr-”
“Are you going to name every lesson?”
He gave her a sly smile. “Yes.”
“Why?”
His face fell. “You don’t like that?”
“Actually, I think it’s cute.” She looked up and met his eyes.
“Good, then be quiet.” He slapped her ass.
She yelped. Then she grabbed a towel. “What’s lesson three?”
“You’ll see in a few minutes.” He wrapped a towel around his waist. “If you’re good.”
Michelle tucked her towel in at her chest and rolled her eyes. “This better be worth it.” She took Ash’s offered hand. They walked into the hallway. She noticed Bryce’s door was closed which meant he was likely in for the night. “Where are we going?”
“You’ll see.” Ash was happy she didn’t balk at leaving their clothes behind.
When they wound up on the patio, Michelle’s anxiety returned. She looked around. High hedges hid any view from the ground, outside of the property. The north and south wings of the house obscured any nearby house’s line of sight.
Bryce’s light was out, and his sliding door closed. That meant no one could see them. They must have designed it so they would have absolute privacy. Her nerves eased some. No one can see us.
“Come on.” Ash had thrown his towel onto a lounger and stood on the pool steps. “The water is beautiful. Join me.” When she hesitated, he shrugged, turned around, and dove into the water.
Her mouth wide open, Michelle stared when his ass surfaced, and he dove down again. She couldn’t get over his gorgeous body. He must work out for hours every day.
Suddenly, he surfaced again. Then he lay face up and floated. Her eyes stayed on his crotch. Although his penis was flaccid, she was sure it wouldn’t stay that way. She imagined him fucking her against the wall again. Her body wanted to join him, but her head told her it was too daring.
“I’m lonely,” he called out.
She knew she was being silly. It wasn’t easy to let go of the way she thought things should be. However, he’d been right every time so far. What’s so bad about letting the fear go? It could be fun!
She cleared her mind of all the annoying good girl excuses. Then she dropped the towel and jumped in. When her head burst from the water, she gave him a shy smile.
He swam over. “Was beginning to think you’d leave me in here all alone.” He took her into his arms and kissed her lips. “Love how your tits float. Tells me they’re real. Not that I didn’t already know.” He winked, then kissed her again. “Everything about you is real. What I’ve always wanted.”
“Wish I knew what I wanted.” She felt bad as soon as the words had left her lips. “I mean-”
He pressed his lips to hers to silence her. Then he pulled back and met her eyes. “It’s OK to say what you feel. I know this is all new for you, and I kinda pulled you into my crazy world.” He paused to find the right words. “But I hope we can find our way together. If I’m not what you want in the end, just let me know. No hard feelings.”
“You make it sound so simple.” She wanted to be as sure as him.
With his lips at her ear, he whispered, “It is. Let yourself go and see where life leads you. Don’t let your mind rule your actions. Let your heart show you the way.”
“Sounds like a song.” She slid her arms around his back. “You have a way with words.”
His cheeks reddened slightly. “I try. Actually, me and Bryce write most of the lyrics for Velocity, so it’s kinda a habit to speak from the heart.” He leaned his head on hers. “I can’t be that free with just anyone, though. You draw it outta me. I wrote you a song, but I’m not ready for you to hear it yet.”
“What’s it called?” She couldn’t help but ask.
He swallowed hard. “Uh… ‘Follow Your Heart.’”
She felt him shiver. Is he nervous about me hearing it? That made her wonder what it was about. The title could be just a tale of what to do in life, like he had just encouraged her to do. She resigned herself to wait until he was ready.
“How about we kill this mushy stuff and get to lesson three?” He pulled her body closer, then lifted her by her ass. “Skinny dipping is more fun connected at the pelvis.”
As she clung to his neck, she felt him adjust her body so his penis laid between her folds. She didn’t understand how they could do anything with him still soft. Doesn’t water cause shrinkage? Maybe that’s only cold water? That, or maybe he has a super penis. She laughed softly at her own thoughts.
“What’s so funny?” He didn’t think he had said anything humorous.
She got herself together quickly. “Just a thought about your penis.”
“My penis?” An eyebrow rose. “You mean my dick?” He smirked. “My dick’s gonna have you screaming my name soon.” He walked back into the wall and moved her over his shaft. “Oh shit. Forgot the damn condom.” He set her down. “Don’t move.”
She watched as he swam to the stairs, took them two at a time, then ran into the house naked. “At least he remembered this time.”
She had called her gynecologist for an emergency appointment, so she would be on birth control soon. They couldn’t take the risk of an accident. Neither of them were in a position for an unexpected pregnancy. She also wasn’t sure if he would accept a child into his life so quickly. It’s best to be prepared.
All the way up to his room, Ash had stroked his cock to get the blood flowing. Thoughts of his naked girlfriend in the pool helped. By the time he pulled a condom out, he was at his full size. “Gotta keep these in multiple rooms now, damn it!”
When Ash came back into view, Michelle licked her lips. His wet, sexy body moved with determination while his erection bounced before him. Damn, I’m lucky.
So as to not waste time, he strode right to her, lifted her up and got back into the same position. “Now, where were we?” He slid her up and impaled her slowly. “Right.” He grunted as he tugged her down. “Here.” He sighed as he brought her up and down again. “Lesson three, fucking in the pool.”
“I thought the lesson was skinny dipping?”
He growled when she tensed within. “OK then… Fuck… Still tight. Lesson four… Fucking me in the pool.”
“Don’t you mean-”
His lips silenced her. “No. I mean you fucking me.” He let her take all of him again and leaned back on the wall. “Up and down, sweetness. Use my body as leverage.” He loosened his grip on her ass.
She had to hold him tighter. Then she realized the water helped her stay balanced in a way. “Just up and down?”
“Unless you feel the need for anything else.” He moaned when she lifted slightly while she pushed on his shoulders. “Yeah, baby.” His eyes closed as she slowly built a rhythm. “Take what you want from me.” He gasped as she sped up.
Somehow, she had let the fear go and allowed instinct guide her. It took a while to get the angle right, so that the head brushed the sensitive bundle of nerves within. However, as soon as she found it, the burst of pleasure forced her body to take over.
With the urge to orgasm, she rode him harder and harder. Each sweep made her body shiver, but it wasn’t enough. She wanted constant stimulation. A tiny shift gave her what she needed.
In shock, Ash held back his orgasm by a thread. Between the look on her face and the sexy sounds she made, he was about to explode. He never expected her to get so into it. Her eyes told him she was completely lost in the feeling. She bounced faster and gripped his shoulders harder. He couldn’t take it much longer, and he knew it.
“Ash… Ash… Oh my God… Ash!” She cried out loudly as her body was wracked with spasms. “Ay!”
With a sigh of relief, he let go as he held her ass down to him. “Michelle… feels so good.”


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

“Try again.” Ash stared under the hood of Michelle’s car as if he knew what he was looking at. The click of the starter was heard but nothing else.
Bryce stepped outside. “It sounds like the battery. I have jumper cables.” He’d had a hard time sleeping since he had found his ex-wife in bed with another man. “I’ll get them out of the trunk.”
“Stay in the car,” Ash warned his girlfriend. Then he moved his car so their batteries were as close as they could get them. He looked toward Bryce. “You know how to do this?”
With a laugh, Bryce nodded. “Learned how to change a tire at 10. You forget how mechanical I can be.”
That made Ash realize why he didn’t know how to do many things his friends could. He’d never had anyone show him. Until he’d had his first job, he didn’t have a car. He’d had to teach himself how to change a tire.
YouTube helped with most other things. Until Bryce walked outside, Ash had planned to search the internet for what the issue could be. He watched as Bryce hooked the cables up.
Bryce waved at Ash. “Start ’er up.” He waited a minute then turned to Michelle. “Try again.” The engine almost turned over. “We’ll give it a bit longer.”
“Awesome.” Ash smiled when her car finally started. Need to replace that hunk of junk. Her birthday was still a few weeks away. He opened the car door. “What now?”
As he removed the cables, Bryce shrugged. “We wait a bit, then she needs to keep the engine running for a while so the battery charges. You should have the battery tested.” He nodded at Ash’s car. “You can turn it off. Maybe move out of her way. I think she said she’s late now.”
After he had gotten his car moved, Ash leaned into her window. “Can we go out tonight?”
“On a weekday?” She couldn’t help but smile at the pout he gave her. “Where?”
He shrugged. “Not sure yet. Just wanna hang out with you.”
“Sure.” She couldn’t resist him, even if she wanted to. “See you later.” She waved then put the car in gear.
Ash watched as Bryce stood next to him. “I think I’m falling in love with her, man.”
“I know.” Bryce winked. It was obvious to him at least. “Did you hear from Ian? He’s not answering his phone.”
“Nope.” Ash had forgotten about Ian. “I been so wrapped up in my girl, I forgot there’s a world outside of us.”
Bryce laughed. “That’s love for ya.” Then he groaned when Michelle’s car stalled as she stepped on the brake to allow the gate to open. He ran to the end of the driveway.
Right behind him, Ash hurried to catch up. “I thought you had it started?” He heard Michelle try to make the engine turn over several times. “Forget it. I’ll take you to work.”
“Let’s get it back on the driveway.” Bryce glanced at Michelle. “Put it in neutral.” He and Ash pushed the car back into place. A few seconds of brainstorming gave him a few possibilities. “Maybe it’s the alternator.”
Michelle hopped out of the car and kicked the door closed angrily. “I just had that replaced.”
“Battery?” Ash hoped that suggestion helped.
“That, too.” She huffed. “My neighbor knows a lot about cars. He’ll fix it.”
“Hell no.” Ash frowned. “I’ll have Andrew come get it and take a look.”
“Who’s that?” She hadn’t heard that name before.
Ash smiled and wrapped an arm around her shoulders. “A friend from high school who owns a garage. He’s reliable.”
Bryce walked toward the house. “Let me know if you need anything else.”
Minutes later, Ash and Michelle were on their way in his car. He knew it was a perfect opportunity to ask her questions that he needed answers to.
“I need to buy a car for a charity event, but I don’t know what’s practical. What kind of car did you want to get… when you can afford it? Pretend you have no limitations.”
She stared at her hands, worried that the repair would be expensive. It wasn’t easy, but she pushed it aside to help him. “I did a lot of research. The MINI Cooper might be a good car to get. Maybe one day I’ll buy one, too.”
The defeat in her voice broke his heart. It wasn’t the time to tell her that he wanted to buy her a new car. “What color? I like red, but it’s kinda flashy.”
“Blue may be better.” She took a deep breath. “Bright colored cars are targets for car thieves.”
He nodded. “Good point.” He reached over and grabbed her hand after they had turned onto US 41. “Everything’s gonna be OK. I won’t let my girl be worried about money.”
She knew he meant well. He obviously had the money to help her, but she was very reluctant to take it. “Maybe they can fix it.”
“Andrew told me he’d have it towed within the hour.” Ash squeezed her fingers. “No arguments about this. OK? You need a working car.”
“I know.”
She wondered if she could afford car payments with most of her bills paid off. Then she remembered her credit rating had plummeted. Should I call my mom to co-sign a loan for me? That meant her parents would have to fly down. She couldn’t ask that of them.
He could see her wheels turning. If only there was a way to ease her mind without flaunting his wealth. He couldn’t see one. Maybe I should ask her to move in with me. Then she could use this car to go to work.
His eyes opened wide. You pussy-whipped, lovesick mother fucker! Pull your balls outta your ass. Give her a car and keep your bachelorhood. He shook his head to chase away the Leo-like commentary in his head.
Neither of them spoke until the car pulled into Safe Haven’s parking lot. Ash stepped out of the car just as Michelle did the same. He walked around the car and pulled her into his arms. “When I pick you up, I’ll have an update on your car.”
She clung to him and forced the tears back. “Thanks.” She wanted to trust him to take care of it. However, after all she had been through, it was hard to let go of control.
The last time she had, her life had been turned upside down and inside out. That was not something she wanted again. She trusted Ash to a point, but that didn’t spill over into basic needs like a home and vehicle.
“Can I bring you lunch?” He tilted her chin up. “We kinda forgot about it.”
With a half-smile, she nodded. “Guess we were preoccupied.” Her cheeks reddened.
Bryce had knocked on Ash’s door to offer breakfast. When he hadn’t gotten a response, he had walked in and caught them going at it. She had yelped when she realized they had an audience. Ash had made sure Bryce didn’t get an eyeful, but she couldn’t look Bryce in the eye after that.
“I swear he didn’t see anything but my white ass.” Ash leaned down and brushed his lips over hers. “Not sure why he watched my ass pumping away, though.” Then he laughed. “Fucker must be jealous he ain’t getting any. It’s his choice.”
She pulled back. “Thanks. I gotta go.” She slung her purse over her shoulder and stepped away from him.
“Michelle?” He froze when she turned back to him. The words left him. I can’t say that. “I’ll miss you.”
Her frown became a smile. “I’ll miss you, too.”
As soon as she had disappeared inside, he climbed back into the car. His phone flashed in the center console. Just as he swiped the screen, Ian’s call ended. Worried, Ash called him back. “Hey, man. Everything OK?”
“Can you pick the kids up after school?” Ian stood outside on Sherry’s patio.
Ash knew his friend wasn’t telling him something. “Sure, why? What’s going on?”
“We need to talk about treatment.” Ian groaned. He hadn’t meant to reveal that.
That made Ash’s heart pound. “Treatment for what? You sick? Is Sherry OK? What the hell’s going on?”
Ian paced. “Dude, I can’t do this now. I’m sorry. She doesn’t want me to tell anyone yet. It may be a while before she’s ready.”
“Is this why you left practice yesterday?” Ash heard the pain in Ian’s sigh. “I’m here for you. Whatever you need.”
Ian took a few deep breaths. His emotions were erratic. “Thanks, really. I hate to ask, but I might need you to take the kids for a few weeks. They don’t need to be in the middle of this.”
“Just say the word and I’m there.” Ash wanted answers, but he could hear that Ian couldn’t give them. “When you’re ready, I’m here to listen.”
As he struggled to hone in tears, Ian nodded. “Thanks. I’ll let you know later if the boys should come home tonight or what.”
“OK. Don’t worry. I got this.” Ash wanted to alleviate the stress Ian was obviously under. “You take care, man. Call any time.” His next call was to Bryce. He relayed all he knew. Then he headed to Andrew’s shop.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Michelle walked into The Center with a forced smile. She knew she had to leave her fear and worry behind. The kids needed her whole. The first thing she did was go into the gym to see how many children had already arrived.
Finding Nemo was playing on the screen that hung from the ceiling. The early birds usually were rewarded with a kid friendly movie. She knew that movie had about 30 minutes left, so she took a seat and waited.
“What’s wrong?” Beth sat next to Michelle and bumped her shoulder.
After a long exhale, Michelle replied, “My car died… again.”
“You need to get rid of that death trap anyway.” Beth shook her head. “It’s old and dangerous.”
Michelle sighed in frustration. “I can’t afford to.”
“Ask your rock star boyfriend.” Beth giggled. “If I was dating that stud, I’d get me some bling and whatever else he wanted to buy me.”
“I’m not asking him for a car.” Michelle knew Beth was quite different from her, but a car was expensive, even for her. “Things have just begun. We’ve been dating for three weeks. Why would I ask for something like that?”
Beth glared at her friend. “You’re crazy about him, and he’s crazy about you. I bet you’re practically shacking up already. You know that boy’s been interested in you for quite a while. Maybe you’ve been a couple for three weeks, but you’ve been friends for years.”
“That’s not the same thing.” Michelle knew they were closer than she thought they could be so soon. However, she couldn’t help how she felt. It was almost like being with your best friend. They meshed so easily. “I need to do this on my own.”
With a soft chuckle, Beth leaned her head on Michelle’s shoulder. “He’s never gonna let you struggle. Let him take care of you.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“I didn’t think it would be.” Ash shook his head at the Ford.
Andrew shrugged. “It’s a money pit. I wouldn’t fix it. I can find you something else.”
“What I need is a blue MINI Cooper.” A smile formed on Ash’s face. “Technically, I need two, or she’ll smack me.”
He couldn’t use the ruse of a charity event and then not buy a car for someone in need. The next day he had four interviews with families who needed a home. Maybe one of them needs a car. He didn’t spend money like some rock stars did. Only Leo wasted money on unnecessary things.
“I know someone at a MINI dealer.” Andrew led the way out of the Florida sun. “They have a few models. You have something specific in mind?”
Ash grinned. “She’d love a convertible. Oh, and the other one needs to be a 4-door if they have those.”
“They do.” Andrew laughed. “What would you do without me?”
With a huge smile, Ash knew he relied on Andrew quite often. “I’d be in an ugly car broken down on I-75.” He stepped inside and sighed at the air-conditioning. “Get the top of the line everything, unless you feel it’s not a good idea.”
“I’ll have at least one of them for you by three.”


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

“Uh… Uncle Ash?” Billy peered into the black Escalade. “Where’s Dad?” Their car had been taken away for a week because they had broken curfew, so Ian had driven them to school.
Ash put on his game face. “He had something to do, so he asked me to help out today. I kinda need you guys to help me with something, too.”
“I love this car.” Pete hopped into the backseat. “Anything you need, Uncle Ash.”
Just before Ash headed to the school, he had stopped at Ian’s to get the kids’ clothes. Ian gave him a note with the boys’ normal schedule, what they allowed and did not, and any allergies.
It was in Sherry’s handwriting, so Ash knew it had been her idea to send the boys off. That meant that she felt the need to protect her sons from something serious. That scared Ash to his core.
Billy glanced toward their school. He knew something was amiss, but he let it go. “Where we off to?”
“Vanessa’s place first.” Ash waited until both boys had their seat belts on. Then he pulled out of the line in front of Brandon High School. “Need to pick up Nicky and Angie.”
He had persuaded Vanessa to have the kids spend a few nights at the beach house, even though it was a Wednesday. Ian had called again and asked Ash to take the kids for a few days at least. Ash heard Sherry crying in the background, so in a way, he understood.
He didn’t agree that the kids should be in the dark, though. Since Ash didn’t have two extra bedrooms, he felt the beach house was the best solution. Besides, Bryce was all moved in.
“Slumber party!” Nicky shouted when Ash opened the back door in Vanessa’s driveway. “Hey, guys. Sorry, but my sister’s coming, too.” He looked up to Pete and Billy.
Angie rolled her eyes as she climbed into the third row. “Mom said to be nice.”
“Relax.” Ash shut the door and turned to Vanessa. “Thanks. I got no idea what’s going on, but it’s not good.” He sighed. “I’ll let you know when I have a clue.”
Vanessa put her hands on her hips. “They better not miss school.”
“They won’t. I got this.” Ash folded his arms over his chest. “The boys need me, and I’m not gonna let them down. We’ll get them all to school.” He was worried a bit, since the older boys’ school was almost 20 miles away from the beach house and school started at 7:30 am. “Ian’s not sure how long they’ll be with us. If it’s gonna be a while, can they come back for another week?”
She didn’t want to make things worse for anyone involved. “Sure. Warn me before you bring them back. OK?”
“Guess you’re bringing your boyfriend by.” He knew she was free to date, but he hated that his friend was so hurt by it.
With a frown, she replied, “Yes. We’re divorced. I have no obligation to him anymore.”
“I know.” Ash missed being friends with her. “Do you mind if my girlfriend comes by?”
That made her face light up. “You’re dating again? Good for you!” She hugged him briefly. “Is it the cute thing you brought to Nicky’s party?”
“Yeah.” He grinned widely. “Her name’s Michelle. I’m kinda crazy about her. She can help me with breakfast and dinner. You know I’m not much of a cook.”
She glared at him. “You did buy real food, right? Not just frozen pizza and fruit roll ups?”
“We’ll order pizza tonight, and I’ll have Michelle go food shopping with me.” Ash knew he wasn’t much good at a grocery store. “Ya know Bryce won’t let them eat junk food all week.”
Immediately, memories flooded Vanessa’s mind. She tried to let go of the images of Bryce dead after his overdose. Overzealous fans had snapped pictures before he had been revived. That couldn’t be avoided backstage. It was all subject to be recorded.
That was how she had found out about most of Bryce’s indiscretions. Groupies had posted videos of him cheating on her all over the internet. Some had sent them to her directly. She didn’t understand why they wanted to advertise his infidelity.
“I promise, they’ll be fine.” Ash saw the fear in her eyes. “He really is clean. He barely even drinks. Please trust him.”
She finally nodded and honed in her emotions. “Bring them back Sunday night.”
“OK.” Ash left her and got back in the car. “A’right, troops. We’re off to the beach house.”
Pete’s eyebrows scrunched up. “Why not your house?”
“I don’t have enough room for all of you.” Ash sighed. “There’s bags in the back for you and Billy. Dad asked if you could stay with me for a few days. We’ll talk about that later.”
When they had parked in Apollo Beach, Pete and Billy helped the younger children out. Then they took all four bags and the two guitar cases from the rear compartment. The mood was mixed, since the younger children had no clue why they were there. The older ones knew something was up but kept quiet.
“Wow!” Bryce opened his arms to his children who had found him in the kitchen. “To what do I owe this honor?”
Ash walked into the room. “I’ll explain later.”
“Hey, guys.” Bryce nodded at Ian’s youngest boys. “You better go choose your rooms. No one stays in Leo’s room. Got it?”
Billy scowled. “No way. That guy is crazy. Never know what you’ll find in there. Dibs on Dad’s room.” He ran down the hallway to his father’s room.
Ash couldn’t help but laugh. “Glad he said it. I didn’t even think of that.”
They all knew that Leo brought women there. Most likely the room was filled with sex toys, boxes of condoms and possibly even drug paraphernalia. Leo didn’t flaunt it, but the rest of them knew he didn’t leave his drug use behind like the others had. There had never been a reason to worry, since Leo was a social user.
After all the kids had disappeared, Ash leaned against the center island. “Vanessa said we can have the kids until Sunday night. We gotta figure out how to get them all fed, dressed and ready in time to head to school in the morning.”
“I get that, but why’re my kids here?” Bryce was slightly confused.
Ash took a deep breath and tried to quell the worry about Sherry. “I thought they would help Pete and Billy forget what’s going on at their place. Maybe if they need to help out, they won’t ask questions. Ian’s not ready to talk about it. It seems Sherry… I think she’s upset about whatever is wrong with her. They don’t want the kids to be in the middle of it.”
“I can understand that.” Bryce groaned. “I wish my kids didn’t know what I did. It was all over television, so there was no avoiding it. At least they weren’t there.”
With a bright smile, Ash replied, “Your kids love you no matter what. You need to let that shit go and move on.” He wished he could get through to his best friend. “Just enjoy this time with your kids and help me distract the boys.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Michelle walked outside The Center with Beth on her tail. She searched the parking lot, but didn’t see any of Ash’s cars. “Guess he’s running late.”
“I can take you home if you need me to.” Beth’s eyes scanned the area as well. “There he is.” She pointed to a blue MINI Cooper. “New car?”
With a shrug, Michelle replied, “Looks like it.” She sighed. Of course he would buy my dream car for a charity auction. He did ask my opinion, so it’s my own fault. “I’ll see you tomorrow.” She walked right to him. “Hey, nice car. Going for a test drive?”
“Something like that.” Ash stepped out and planted a soft kiss on her lips. “Wanna drive?”
She shook her head. “Not a good idea, since you drive better.”
“I’ve never been in a car while you drove.” He cocked an eyebrow. “Should I be worried?” Her expression was priceless. “I’m kidding. I followed you before. I think you’re a good driver.” He waved the keys in front of her face. “Just to the beach house?” He swallowed hard when he realized he hadn’t told her he had moved in there for a while.
Her entire body tensed. “Something’s wrong.”
“I’m fine,” he assured her.
She took his wrist in her hand and felt his pulse rise even more. “What happened after you left me? Is my car OK?”
“Not really.” He leaned on the car and exhaled loudly. “It’s not worth fixing. We’ll figure something out.” His eyes drifted down. “And... I think Sherry’s sick. Ian’s boys and Bryce’s kids are at the beach house. I’m staying there to take care of them for a few days... maybe more.”
Instantly, she threw her arms around him. “I’m here for you.”
He clung to her as he shook. The emotion of the day had finally caught up to him. It wasn’t easy, but he held back the tears that threatened to fall. He was as close to Sherry as he was to Vanessa. They were all like one big family. He couldn’t imagine another hit to their circle.
“I can stay in Apollo with you.” She knew he needed her.
“Thanks.” He took in a shaky breath. “What would I do without you?” It was hard to believe that they were so close after only a few weeks. “Can you drive?”
She smoothed down his hair. “Of course.” Gently, she kissed his jaw. “She’ll be OK. You just have to believe that.”
He nodded when she let him go. Then he put the keys in her hand. “I’m sorry I freaked out.”
“Stop.” She palmed his cheek. “You’re obviously all close. I get it. If I knew her, I’d be upset, too. Her boys must be scared.”
Ash’s eyes opened wide. “They don’t know... I think. Ian said he wasn’t sure what to tell them yet. Something about waiting until they know the treatment first.”
“That makes sense.” She had no idea what was wrong, but most serious illnesses had many paths that could be taken. When he walked around the car, she settled behind the wheel. Her smile was involuntary. “Wow. This is awesome!” She adjusted the seat so she could reach the pedals and then the mirrors. “Seat belt.”
Without a word, he buckled up. Eyes closed, he felt the car go into gear. When she hit the brake hard, his hand flew out and his eyes snapped open. “I did that, too. Brakes are tight. You’ll get used to it.”
“Huh?”
“Never mind.” He didn’t want to tell her it was hers yet. “We can put the top down.”
She squealed. “Really?” She hadn’t looked the car over closely enough to notice the roof. “Which button?” Carefully, she glanced down as she waited to merge onto US 301. When the top recoiled, she squealed again. “I always wanted to drive a convertible.”
That made Ash smile. He leaned back and watched her excited face as she drove north toward Big Bend Road. Her glee was worth 1000 cars. She smiled all the way to the house. When she pulled into the driveway, he sensed her tense.
“Um... You bought two cars?” Michelle stared at the other blue MINI Cooper in front of them.
He smiled and waited for her to turn his way. “This one’s yours. I can’t return it, so no complaints.”
She slapped his arm. “I don’t complain.”
“Well, I mean like when you say I shouldn’t have.” He snatched her hand and kissed her palm. “You deserve this.”
Tears pooled in her eyes. “I don’t know what to say... other than thank you.”
She had thought she would be angry if he bought her something that expensive. The fact that he had gotten exactly what she had described pulled on her heartstrings. Before that, she cared for him. However, she felt… Is it love? Could he be in love with me? No way. It’s too fast. She didn’t know how to describe it.
“I’m glad you like it.” He climbed over the center console and kissed her lips. “Don’t say anything. Show me. We can work on lesson number… uh…”
“Five.” She laughed. “What will that one be?”
He hummed. “Not sure yet, but it will involve my dick and one of your orifices.”
“Oh, no.” Her face fell and her mood darkened.
His attention went to her face. “What? What’s wrong?”
“I—I started my period today.” She whispered it as if someone else could hear them.
He shrugged. “I can work around that, shower sex or towels.”
“Ew! No!” She cringed. “No way.”
His groan was louder than he expected. “Damn, a week without sex?” He collected himself quickly. “Sorry. I went longer after our first date.”
“I’ll take care of you.” She knew he would go a bit batty without her body at his disposal. “We should go inside.”
Bryce looked up when he heard the front door open. “Pizza’s here already. Come and get it.”
Ash tugged Michelle to the large table in the kitchen. “I’m starving.”
Michelle waved at the kids shyly. They had met at Nicky’s party. She took the pizza slice offered and sat down. As she ate, she watched Bryce with his children. He was attentive, loving and authoritative.
She didn’t understand why Vanessa limited their time together. It was obvious to her that Bryce loved them and would stay clean for them.
Pete lifted a bottle of Sprite. “Miss Michelle, would you like some?”
She almost laughed. “Thank you, yes.” Their respectfulness was impressive.
“Uncle Ash.” Billy had his mouth full. “Did Dad say if we can have the car back yet?”
Michelle giggled. Guess not all of them are trained yet.
“I’ll call him.” Ash sat next to Michelle and grabbed two slices. “Do you guys have everything you need?”
Pete nodded. “Yes, Uncle Ash. Thanks.” He was afraid to ask what was going on at home.
“Daddy, can we go in the pool?” Angie asked with pleading eyes.
Bryce glanced at the clock. “Not tonight. It’s getting late. Tomorrow after homework is done. Promise, pumpkin.” He tussled her hair. Then a thought occurred to him. He didn’t know how to fix her long hair. His hair had always been somewhat short.
“Angie,” Ash tapped the table. “Make sure you wake me up so I can braid your hair.”
That made Bryce sigh with relief. “Uncle Ash to the rescue.” He had forgotten that Ash usually braided her hair when he was around.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“We’ll be back in an hour, at the most.” Ash kissed Michelle’s cheek as she laid in his bed. He and Bryce were going to get the Tate boys’ car. With a smirk, he lifted the sheet and eyed her Minions nightgown. “Cute.” He wouldn’t dare get himself riled up. She couldn’t handle it.
She reached out and rubbed the bare skin that peeked out of his shorts. “I’ll be here.” She looked up at him. “You were amazing with the kids tonight. They listen to you, which means you show them authority. They also love you as much as you love them.” She paused. “You’d make a great dad, no matter what you think. I saw it tonight.”
“Really?” How he was with the kids was natural to him.
With a soft smile, she nodded. “Really. You’re wonderful with them. Just like you are at The Center. Children love you.”
He chuckled. “I guess.” His cheeks reddened a bit. “Maybe I can have kids one day then.”
A knock on the open door made them both turn. Bryce walked in slowly. “You guys decent?”
“Yeah.” Ash rolled his eyes. “Come in.”
Bryce smiled at the couple. “I checked on all of them. Out like lights. Perfect time to go.”
“See you in a few.” Ash lightly smacked Michelle’s ass.
She watched them leave, then turned off the lamp on her side of the bed. The house was quiet, much quieter than she was used to. Ash’s place was quiet as well, but being in his arms lulled her to sleep easily.
Curled up in a semi-fetal position, she tried to clear her head, but it wasn’t easy. The day had been quite unusual. Her mind still reeled. The mystery about Ian and his wife bothered her the most. Ash was even more worried. She hoped it wasn’t something awful. Maybe it’s a false alarm. She really hoped so.
In the hope it would help, she turned over and grabbed Ash’s top pillow. It smelled faintly of him. She scooted to the middle and hugged his pillow tightly. Her mind focused on him.
His sweet nature was what had attracted her to him after she’d gotten past his amazing looks. That was evident even more when he dealt with all the kids. She closed her eyes again and imagined them with their own children.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Ash waited until his eyes adjusted to the darkness of the bedroom. What he found when he reached the bed made him smile. Michelle held one of his pillows against her chest with her face buried in the end. His heart swelled.
Maybe I do love her. He had talked to Bryce about love. From Bryce’s description, it felt like love to him. How is it possible to fall for someone in three weeks?
As he thought back, he realized it had been happening for far longer. He thought about her when he wasn’t at The Center, but he was afraid to approach her. Her wholesome vibe made him worry he would corrupt her. I think I did, but she likes it.
After a trip to the bathroom, he stripped down to his boxer briefs and climbed into bed on her side. Carefully, he slid an arm under her neck, then another over her ribs. With a few adjustments, he had snuggled against her body. He groaned when his cock started to swell against her ass.
“Wait, don’t,” she muttered.
He cradled her in his arms. “I have underwear on. I’ll make my dick behave tonight. Promise.”
“OK.”
When she had relaxed, he sighed. The fear that he had impregnated her had finally faded when she told him that her cycle had started. He had almost forgotten about it until they had started to talk about children. A long exhale escaped his lips. He wasn’t ready for a child yet, but he finally felt that he could be a good father when the time came.
“Uncle Ash?”
He turned at the tiny voice. “What’s wrong, Angie?”
“I had a nightmare. Can I sleep with you?” She trembled from head to toe.
Ash nervously turned over while he kept his lower half covered. “I don’t wanna wake up Miss Michelle. Where’s your dad?”
“His door is locked.”
Ash’s face screwed up. “It is?” That made no sense. “Turn around so I can put pants on. Then we’ll get the door open.”
After he had thrown pajama pants on, he reached into the nightstand and retrieved the key to Bryce’s room. His was the only door with a key. They had changed the doorknob when he had been deep into his addiction, since they’d all feared an overdose. Angie’s hand in his, they went to the other side of the house.
“Wait right here, with your eyes closed.” He didn’t know what he would find on the other side of the door. “I’ll be right back.”
He unlocked the door and peeked in. Bryce was splayed out on the bed, naked. The bathroom light was on, and it partially lit up the room. A soft groan escaped Ash’s lips. Please don’t be dead.
He padded to the bed, terrified. After a few seconds, he could tell Bryce was breathing. Ash checked the area for bottles or other drug paraphernalia. There was none.
“Bryce?” Ash shook him slightly.
“I’m up! I’m up! What’s wrong?” Bryce glanced around the room. Then his eyes landed on Ash. “Uh, hey. What’s up?”
Ash cocked an eyebrow. He pointed to the limp appendage between Bryce’s legs. “First off, your dick’s out. Second, your door was locked. Most important, you have a scared baby girl outside your door who wanted to sleep with me because Daddy’s door was locked.”
“Oh shit!” Bryce grabbed the blanket and covered up. “Did she see me naked?”
With a slight chuckle, Ash shook his head. “I knew better than to let her in here.”
“I needed to relieve the tension.” Bryce made a masturbation motion with his hand. “Guess I crashed before I-” He quickly found the towel he used to clean up the mess and tossed it into the hamper.
“Is Daddy OK?”
Bryce’s heart melted. “I’m fine. Just out of the shower.” He scrambled off the bed and threw on a pair of pajama pants. “You can come in now, sweetie.”
“OK.” Angie walked then ran to her father. “I had a bad dream.”
With a loving smile, Bryce lifted her up and set her on his bed. “It gets lonely in this big bed. Maybe you can keep me company?”
“Yes.” Angie snuggled against her father’s chest. “Just like Miss Michelle is keeping Uncle Ash company.”
Bryce glared at his friend.
Ash put his hands up. “She walked into my room, dude. We were dressed. I swear.”
“Fine. G’night, Ash.”
“Night.”


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

“Headache?” Ash noticed the pain in Michelle’s eyes as soon as she walked in the door Friday. Her slight nod made him frown. “Do you wanna skip the trip to Siesta Key?” She had taken the afternoon off to go with Ash, Bryce and the kids. “Or we can head down tomorrow, if you feel better.”
She fell into his arms. “No. I’ll be OK.” She closed her eyes and breathed in his scent. “Bryce needs help.”
Ash sighed. She was stubborn. However, she was also right. Bryce had planned the weekend with his kids a few months ago. He had even rented what the resort called the ‘beach house’ since it was across the street from the beach. Bryce hadn’t planned to have four children with him. That would be a lot for him to take care of alone.
“We have our own room,” Ash whispered. He glanced around. Bryce had gone to pick up his kids, and Ian’s boys weren’t out of school yet. “Let me help your headache.” He led her to the family room and closed the blinds. “Sit.”
Michelle leaned back on the plush loveseat and closed her eyes. When she heard his footsteps, she tried to relax. The last thing she wanted to do was tell him why she had a headache. Not yet. The cushion beside her dipped, then a cool cloth was over her eyes and forehead.
“Take deep breaths and try to relax your entire body.” He used his most soothing tone. “Visualize that you’re floating. Let the tension go. Clear your mind. Force your facial muscles to loosen.” He watched her entire body go slack. “That’s it, sweetness.” Carefully, he reached over and massaged her temples. “Don’t move. Keep your body relaxed. It’ll help. Trust me.”
Her pain had alleviated some already. Unable to stop it, she wondered if he had headaches, or maybe his mother had. When his fingers moved from her temples, she wanted to reach out to him. Then he shifted her body so he could sit behind her.
“Don’t tense,” he admonished her. “It’ll get worse.”
She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. His hands went to her shoulders and massaged gently. “How do you know what to do?”
“Bryce,” he whispered. “He gets migraines, bad ones. He’s my best friend. I can’t stand to see him in pain. Before he started using oxys, I used to do this for him.”
His mind drifted back to before he had met Bryce. It seemed like a lifetime ago.
“My mom had them, too. She used to cry herself to sleep in pain. One day, I squeezed her neck, and she sighed with relief. After that, I made her let me help her.” He moved his hands to her neck. “This may feel weird at first.” He squeezed the base of her neck and went up with the same pressure.
A soft sigh left Michelle’s lips. Her body tingled with relief. “It’s amazing.”
“Good.” Ash worked the area until her reaction stopped. Then he ran his fingers through her hair and massaged her scalp. “Everything is super sensitive when you have a headache.” Her body suddenly collapsed into his. “You a’right?”
She nodded slowly. “Perfect.” Her entire body felt good. “Much better now.” The front door opened but neither of them moved.
Bryce walked into the family room. “Hey, it’s dark in here.” His voice lowered when he saw the washcloth over Michelle’s face. “Headache, huh?”
“Had one,” she mumbled.
With a grin, Bryce nodded at Ash. “He’s good at easing them. I’ll keep the kids out for a while. Let me know if it gets worse. My doctor gave me something for migraines.” He felt Ash’s glare. “They’re not addictive. Promise. I haven’t tried them yet, though.”
“I’ll be OK. Thanks.” She was glad Ash’s friends had accepted her.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Ash clutched Michelle’s hand tightly as they walked along the water’s edge. He loved the powder-soft sand of Siesta Key’s beach. It rarely heated up to the point of burning, like it did at most beaches.
They had settled into their rooms and immediately headed to the beach. He sensed that she loved it, too. She kicked the water at him as they laughed most of the time.
He was glad she felt better. Since she hadn’t had any other headaches that he knew of, he assumed it wasn’t a common thing. “Bryce said he’s gonna barbecue for dinner. Sound good?”
“Yeah.” She tugged his hand. “You know I’m not picky.”
That was a good thing, since the entire band had adventurous palates. “The kids are here, so he won’t go crazy with the experiments.” Bryce had a habit of using the band as his culinary guinea pigs. “Do you wanna chill in the room before we go meet them at the house?”
“I’m fine now, Ash.” She swung their hands and jumped when the next wave was about to crash at their feet. The tide had come in, so the water went halfway up their calves. “The beach is the most beautiful early in the morning.”
He groaned. “I’m gettin’ up early, huh?”
“Yep, you are.” She moved in front of him and slapped his chest. “Maybe we could try sex on the beach.”
His eyes opened wide. “Not a good idea.”
That was not the answer she expected. “Why?”
“Sand in places you don’t want it to go.” He cringed.
She hadn’t thought of that. “How about on a lounge chair up there?” She pointed away from the water.
“Hmmm… That sounds interesting.” He licked his lips. Then his face fell. “I thought you were squeamish about… sex on your period.”
Her lips curled into a smile. “It’s not bad, so I thought I’d make an exception.”
“Lucky me.” He yanked her against his body. “You’re so in trouble later.”
Just after he had kissed her lips briefly, his eyes landed on Pete and Billy with several young girls. They’d inherited their looks from their parents. Billy had long hair like his father and Pete’s hair was a bit shorter than Ash’s.
Nervously, Ash watched as both boys draped an arm over a girl’s shoulders. He wasn’t sure if Ian would appreciate his sons getting laid while in his care.
“What’s wrong?” Michelle noticed he was distracted.
Ash shrugged. “The boys made some friends.”
“Oh.” Michelle turned toward the group. “Seems they have a fan club already. Do they play guitar, too?”
“Yeah.” Ash wrapped an arm around her shoulders and headed to the boys. “Hey, guys, dinner soon.” A squeal made him regret being nosy. Then two of the girls jumped on him and knocked him down. “Hey! Hey! Hey!” He knew they were underage, so the groping was completely inappropriate.
Michelle’s jaw dropped when one girl moved a hand under Ash’s shorts. “Stop that!” She used her best teacher voice. “You girls behave yourself and hands off my boyfriend!” The melee ended abruptly, and all eyes were on her. “If you wanted an autograph, you should have asked.”
She didn’t understand the fangirl mentality. How can they think that it’s fine to grope someone just because he’s famous? She groaned when she thought about how Beth would react if Leo showed her the least bit of attention.
“Sorry,” came from each girl.
Ash got to his feet and brushed off the sand. Then he shook his head to get it out of his hair.
“Not cool.” He wanted to go off on them, but they were just overzealous kids. “If you want autographs or pictures, I’m game, but leave my balls alone.” He glanced at Michelle. “I’m sorry. This happens from time to time.” He scanned the beach. There weren’t many people around, but they were all headed their way. “This is gonna get crazy again in a minute.”
“Sorry, Uncle Ash.” Billy felt bad since he had bragged he was Ian Tate’s son.
Camera flashes came next. Ash shaded his eyes at first. The hat and sunglasses obviously didn’t hide his appearance enough.
“Pete, stay with Michelle.” He worried she would get pushed out of the way. After countless pictures and a few autographs, Ash put up a hand. “It’s nice to meet you all, but we came here for a family vacation. Can you please respect that?” He was relieved to get several nods. “I’ll be around this weekend. Just please don’t knock me over again.” He waited until the crowd dispersed, then he pulled Michelle into his arms. “You OK?”
“Fine.” She smiled up at him. “The whole world knows you, huh?”
He nodded. “Pretty much. That’s why we don’t go to stores much, not fun.”
“Peter! William!” Bryce didn’t want to use their nicknames just in case. “Dinner!”
Ash looked up. “Time to go.”
He led Michelle to the rear entrance of the small house. The porch was a good place to hang out at night. He worried that word would spread that they were there. Then they wouldn’t be able to venture outside much.
Before they stepped inside, Michelle banged her feet on the welcome mat. Then she put her fingers through Ash’s hair. “You still have sand all over you.”
“I can feel it.” He shed his shirt and laid it over a chair. “Better not.” He had a feeling they were being watched and anything he left behind would disappear. “Be careful who you tell about who you are.” He glared at Ian’s boys. “There are some psychos out there who’ll make your life hell.”
Billy hung his head. “We shoulda known better. Those girls were hot, though.”
“Maybe I should get a security detail down here.” Ash hoped it wasn’t necessary.
Michelle walked into the large living room and smiled. They had not taken a tour of the house before they had put their things in their room. “Wow! How come we all couldn’t stay here?”
“Only two bedrooms.” Ash stepped inside and showed her the expansive dining room and kitchen. “This place is awesome for a couple with two kids. That’s why Bryce has it rented at least two weekends a year.”
Pete grabbed a glass of soda and smiled. “At least we don’t have to share a bed.” He thought Bryce would make them sleep in the master bedroom together, but Bryce and his kids shared it. “Uncle Bryce gets that would be too weird.”
“I’ll go help Bryce.” It took Michelle a few tries to find the front door. When she walked out, she smiled at the scene. Bryce and his children sat around a small table a few feet away. “Need any help?”
Bryce smiled. “Nah, we’re fine.” He heard footsteps and looked toward the seashell driveway. “Uh…” Then a camera flash went off. He stood and blocked the view of his children. “No pictures of my kids.”
“We ran into some fans on the beach too,” Michelle whispered.
Nervous, Bryce waved at the person with the camera. “Please. We’re just having a family dinner. If you want something from me, just ask, but they stay out of this.” He hated that pictures of his children had been posted multiple times on social media.
“An autograph?”
Bryce took a deep breath and gestured for Michelle to stay with the children. “I’ll be back.”
“Is the corn good?” Michelle asked as she half-watched Bryce pose for pictures and sign a few things.
Angie nodded. “Yep, Daddy’s a good cook.”
“What’s-” Ash pursed his lips when Michelle waved furiously at him. Subtly, he looked around. He groaned when he saw the small group with Bryce. “Hope they leave us alone after this.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

When Ash and Michelle left the beach house to go to their room, he knew something was up. “What’s with the look on your face? You in pain?”
“Kinda.” She sat on the couch in the first room of the suite. “My head again.”
His heartbeat sped up. “Another headache?” He tried to quell the panic in his voice, but it wasn’t easy. “I’ll take you to the ER. Headaches can be serious.”
“No, I’m fine.” She sighed. “I know why already.”
He tensed. Either she’s sick like Sherry or she’s pregnant. What the fuck am I gonna do?
“Relax.” She had noticed his panic. “It’s not a bad thing.” Her pause was for a bit of dramatic effect. “I started birth control yesterday. They said the side effects should taper off.”
Ash breathed deeply. He tried not to explode with excitement. It proved impossible. “Holy shit! Seriously? Does this mean… Can I… Please can I… When will it take effect?”
“They said right away.” She winked at him.
He shuddered with the thought. “So I can? Making love’ll ease the headache.” He rushed into the bedroom and yanked the blanket and top sheet down. Then he laid a few towels down. As he undressed, he searched the room for a candle. A flashlight would have to do. He pointed it to the ceiling and flipped the overhead light off. “OK. Ready.”
“How did you-” Michelle walked in with her mouth open. “Eager much?”
With his cock as hard as could be, he held out a hand to her. “Just a bit.” He tugged her shirt off then pushed her shorts down. “Do you have to do something to uh… Like take out a tampon?”
“Damn it.” She turned away from him then closed herself in the bathroom.
Please don’t change your mind. He climbed up on the bed and stared at the bathroom door. When it finally opened, his mouth dropped. “Wow. So beautiful.” She stood in the doorway, completely naked, with droplets of water scattered over her body. “Come up here.” He patted the bed.
Slowly, she did as she was told and sat on one of the towels. “Now what?”
“No lessons tonight.” He smiled and palmed her cheek. “Just us.” His lips pressed to hers gently. “Close your eyes and let me take away the pain.”
After a few more sweet kisses, Ash leaned her back toward the pillows. Unsure exactly what she would be comfortable with, he decided against his usual foreplay moves.
With her on her back, he moved his lips over her neck slowly. Her soft sighs told him she was on her way. He toyed with her earlobes until she squirmed. Then he slid down and let his tongue lead the way to her left breast. He worshiped that nipple with his tongue as he held the other breast in his hand. It filled it and more.
His cock strained to be inside her. He glanced down for a few seconds. She was never ready that quick. He switched sides, and she arched her back. As he sucked harder, she lifted her hips. Damn, she’s ready.
Emotion filled him like never before. His heart pounded and hands shook. He knew his feelings had grown even more. Those words were on the tip of his tongue, but he wouldn’t dare say them. As always, he turned to humor to hide his emotions.
“Ah, natural lube,” he whispered as he penetrated her.
She shoved his shoulder. “Ew, I changed my mind.”
“I’m teasing you. This is part of life. Relax.” His eyes closed as he burrowed deeper. “So we can be spontaneous, like shower sex?”
His crudeness forgotten, she latched onto his arms. “Yes.” It was the right answer, but she had not heard the question.
Her breath quickened. His languid moves had made her forget about the headache that plagued her. He withdrew and thrust in again.
All she felt was the head of his cock as it swept over every sensitive spot within her. His breath in her ear, and the soft moans, were all she could hear. It was as if he were her entire world.
If she could think, she would tell him how amazing he was. No man had given her all she needed in a sexual manner. Good thing he gave her all the rest as well.
“God, I wanna cum so bad,” he mumbled in her ear. “You never felt this good before.” He gasped as his strokes came faster. “I’ll never forget this feeling.”
He struggled to hold back. His body wouldn’t allow it. Her pants told him she was close also. When her nails dug into his skin, it was inevitable. He worked his hips with precision. She tensed slightly a few times.
He held her closer and moved his lips to her ear. As he nibbled her lobe, he pumped harder. Her volume rose as he directed the head of his cock to torture her sweet spot.
“Ash… God, yes!”
A trickle of fluid bathed his balls, and he groaned in pleasure. “Just what I wanted.” He moaned as his balls emptied. “Fuck,” he whispered softly. His body shuddered as he filled her. “Ah, God. I-” He clamped his lips shut and reveled in the pleasure.
When Michelle could see again, she rubbed his arms. “That was amazing.”
“Yeah, it was.” Ash sighed. “Thanks for letting me share that with you.” He closed his eyes and buried his face in her neck. “I don’t wanna pull out. Feels too good.”
She didn’t want to burst his bubble, so she waited until he softened and slipped out of her. “I need the bathroom.”
“OK.” He lifted off her, leaned down, then kissed her lips. “We need to do that again.”
“We will.” She couldn’t help but smile before she headed to the bathroom.


CHAPTER NINETEEN

Michelle opened her eyes to Ash’s hair in her face. He was behind her. However, his limbs were draped over her body, and his head leaned on hers. She had no idea how she’d stayed asleep with him in that position. Movement was impossible. He had trapped her in place.
“Ash… Ash… Get off. I need to pee.”
“Huh?” he mumbled as he held her tighter. “Stay with me.”
She smiled and shook her head. “I’m not leaving, just need the bathroom.”
“Oh, OK.” He rolled off her and glanced at the ceiling. “What time is it?”
When she had gotten to her feet, she picked up her phone. “Seven. I know it’s early.”
“Just a bit.” He groaned as his body became more alert. Since they had to get all the kids up early for school, he was used to waking earlier than usual. By the time she came into the bedroom again, he had given up on sleep. “What do ya wanna do today?”
She smiled at him. “You up for a swim?”
“I guess.” He groaned and stretched. “Bathroom first.”
Minutes later, they walked hand in hand, in bathing suits and flip flops, with two towels over Ash’s shoulder. His sunglasses hid his eyes, but he was very aware of his surroundings because of the incidents from the day before. As they passed the beach house, children’s voices were heard, then deeper male shouts.
“Let’s grab the kids.” Ash knew Pete and Billy needed a break. He walked around to the porch and knocked on the glass.
Nicky jumped when he saw someone at the door. “Dad, Uncle Ash is here. Should I let him in?”
“Yeah,” Bryce called from the bedroom. He was exhausted. The kids had rolled over him and knocked into him most of the night. The king bed wasn’t big enough to avoid flailing limbs. “Then let me go back to sleep.”
Ash stepped inside and heard the exhaustion in Bryce’s voice. “I’m taking them to the beach. Take a nap.”
“Thanks.” Bryce groaned and turned over.
With a grin, Ash addressed both Cooper children. “Get on your suits so Dad can sleep.”
Michelle loved how Ash was so good with the kids. Fatherhood was so natural for him. Although she wasn’t in a rush, she hoped he wanted kids soon. She could see him with their child, having the time of his life. Don’t get ahead of yourself, lady. Neither of you have even said the “L” word.
Cheers filled the room. Ash winced. “Come on, guys. It’s early. Billy and Pete’re gonna come out here with fists flying in a minute.” That worked. Silence. He leaned on a wall as he waited.
“What about breakfast?” Michelle knew that Ash ate sparingly in the morning.
Ash shrugged. “Forgot about that.” He walked to the kitchen and opened the freezer. “Oh, yeah. I love these.” He pulled out a box of Toaster Strudel. “This works.”
“That was fast.” Michelle frowned at the plate Ash carried. “Pastry’s not breakfast.”
He chuckled. “These are. Come on. We’re all on vacation. These’re good, don’t worry.”
“Fine.” She knew Vanessa would balk at it, but he was right. “I won’t tell.”
Ash soon led the kids outside and stopped when the door was closed. “Sit and have one.” He set the plate on the table out there. “Then we’ll head out.”
It didn’t take long for all of them to finish. Hand in hand, Ash and Michelle walked across Beach Street with Angie and Nicky right ahead of them.
After they had laid out the blanket and weighted it, the four of them hit the water. As always, Ash took turns throwing each kid into the waves. He loved to play with them.
Michelle stayed a few feet away, unwilling to be tossed. She laughed when the kids teamed up to get revenge on Ash. It took a lot of bouncing on him and an unusually high wave to knock him down.
She burst out laughing and didn’t stop until he surfaced. He set his sights on her and ran toward her. The water impeded him, but she knew he was faster. She rushed toward the sand.
“Got ya!” Ash lifted her and swung her in the air. “Laughing at these kids wrecking my hair, huh?” He hadn’t done more than run his fingers through it, but he hated to get salt water in it. “You’re going down!” He moved as fast as he could into the waves and threw her into a big one.
She surfaced and scowled at him. “You cheated. I can’t lift you.”
“Too bad.” He laughed. 
Nicky’s terrified voice made them both look his way. “I can’t find Angie!”
Panic filled Ash. He ran as fast as possible to Nicky. “Where was she?”
“Right here.” Nicky shook with fear. “That wave crashed over her head then it pulled her out.”
Terrified, Ash scanned the water. “Angie! Angie!” There was no sign of her. Then he saw a hand several yards out. “Shit.”
He dove into the water and swam hard. By the time he reached her, his heart pounded like crazy.
“I got ya, baby. I got ya.” He cradled her in his arms and patted her back as she coughed up water. “So sorry I moved away from you, sweetie. Hold on to me.” He held her tight as he made his way back to the shore.
“She OK?” Michelle held Nicky around the shoulders.
Ash nodded. “Just a bit shaken up.” He went to set Angie on the sand, but she couldn’t let him go. “I’m right here. It’s OK.” He smoothed her hair down and kissed her temple. “Let’s just relax.” He sat on their blanket and rocked her until she let him go. Her smile made his heart finally slow. “Better?”
“Yeah.” She snuggled into his neck. “I love you, Uncle Ash.”
“Aw, I love you, too.” Ash felt Michelle’s eyes on him. He glanced up and found her with a smile on her face. “Take a picture. It’ll last longer.”
She giggled and grabbed her phone out of her canvas bag. Then she saw his and pulled it out. His camera was so much better. After she took a few photos, she checked them. She swiped the screen one too many times, and her eyes widened.
The photo she had brought up was most definitely of Ash buried in some woman with the end of a condom visible. She flipped to the next one. It was of him entering the woman. Unable to stop herself, she swiped the screen again. That time it was cherry red lips over his shaft.
“What’s wrong?” Ash watched the horror play over her face. “Are you looking through my pictures?” His voice went much higher than he wanted it to. “Shit,” he muttered. “I’ll delete them. I swear. I just used them for-” He pursed his lips for a few seconds. “For you know what. I don’t use them anymore.” He waited for a response of any type, but there was none. “Michelle? Michelle? Are you listening? It was just… Uh, damn it. It meant nothing. Just to use for later. Talk to me.”
Her hand shook as she waved his phone in the air. “Who is she?”
“I dunno.” His eyes drifted to Angie’s hair.
Michelle fought the stupid tears that threatened. She checked the dates. They were all the same, over a year before they went out the first time. She took a few deep breaths. “How could you not know?”
“I don’t take names. Just some chick after a show. I’m sorry.” He felt awful that he had forgotten about those pictures. After a memory search, he was quite sure there were at least 10 pictures of various women in erotic poses and a few videos. “As soon as I can, you can watch me delete them. Or you can do it. Go ahead. It’s fine. Just don’t delete the ones from Disney. I didn’t save those anywhere else yet.”
She shook her head. “I can’t look at them again.”
“Why are the pictures bad?” Angie asked innocently.
Ash groaned. “It’s not Miss Michelle.”
“Did you cheat on her like Daddy did on Mom?” She knew what that meant, but not the enormity of it.
He slowed his breathing and shook his head. “No, sweetie. It was before Miss Michelle was my girlfriend.”
“Good. I don’t want to see Miss Michelle cry. Mommy was so sad.” Angie had been teased at school because of it. She had been angry with her father at first since it hurt her mother. “Do you love her, too?”
That innocent question threw him for a loop. “Uh… I’m not sure.” He kissed her forehead. “Do you mind if me and Miss Michelle talk alone for a bit?”
“It’s OK, Uncle Ash.” Angie smiled when he set her down on the blanket. “I’ll stay right here.”
Nicky sat next to her. “And I’ll watch her.” He had a feeling what Ash had on his phone, but he was afraid to ask.
Ash got to his feet and moved next to Michelle. “I’ll delete them now.” He took his phone and quickly deleted all the pictures. Then he went to the video folder and deleted the dirty ones. “You can check it if you want. I’m so sorry you had to see them.”
“I believe you.” She sniffled. “It was just… a shock… and I never thought I’d see… that.”
He tugged her into his arms and held her head to his shoulder. “I swear I haven’t looked at them once since the night of the fundraiser. Just used fantasies of you.”
“To orgasm?”
His nod was instant. “Yeah. Before that night, I did it a few times. I thought I had no chance with you then.” He sighed. “Are we OK, or are you pissed at me?”
“Not pissed.” She breathed deeply to quell the doubt that lingered. “Will you take more on the road?”
He tensed. “What? You mean of me and other women? Hell no! You think I’m gonna cheat?”
“It might be a long time before we see each other.” She didn’t know how long he could go without sex.
“Do you trust me?” He clung to her. “Do you?”
She nodded and closed her eyes. “I do. Those pictures just made me think things I shouldn’t.”
“I’d like to bring pictures of you with me.” He hoped she let him take them. “We’ll talk about the tour later, when we’re alone.”
Angie’s voice came from close by. “Can we go back in the water?”
“Sure, sweetie.” Ash pulled back and kissed Michelle’s lips. “Do you mind going with her so I can watch for big waves from the beach. I can’t let that happen again.”
Michelle smiled. “Yes.” She reached up and kissed his lips softly. “We’re good. Relax.”
While Ash took up a post with a good view, Michelle took both kids into the water. He had finally calmed. You’re so fucking lucky. Some chicks woulda flipped out on you. He rolled his eyes. Why does my own brain like to fuck with me?
He scanned the Gulf as he shook off the fear of losing her. Truthfully, he knew he was lucky. He had lost a girl or two over more trivial things.
Eventually, Billy and Pete joined them. Pete ran to Michelle and Bryce’s kids in the water. However, Billy stood next to Ash. “Do you know what’s going on with my mom?”
“Wish I did, kid.” Ash’s heart went out to the boys. It had to be awful to be in the dark. “Maybe they just need this time together.”
Billy shrugged. As the older brother, he felt responsible for Pete and wanted to give him answers. Obviously, that wouldn’t happen for a while. “Think they’ll get back together?”
“That’d be nice but don’t count on it.” Ash felt the fear. “I’m sure if it was serious, they’d tell you. Maybe they have choices to make, and they want to know what’s gonna happen before they explain.”
“Sounds like Dad.” Billy waited a few seconds. “Uh… did you see the pics of you and Miss Michelle online?”
Ash’s entire body tensed. “What pictures?” After what Bryce had gone through they were all paranoid about photos online.
“From yesterday.” Billy pulled up Facebook first.
Reluctantly, Ash glanced at the phone. He and Michelle held hands as they walked on the beach. The caption was ‘Is Ash Taylor taken?’ He smiled. “That’s not so bad. Maybe it’ll make the tour easier. Not as many groupies to fight off.”
Billy switched to Twitter. “I didn’t see anything bad, except chicks complaining that you’re off the market.”
“It was bound to get out eventually.” Ash focused his attention on the kids in the Gulf of Mexico again. “I’m sure there were pictures of you posted, too.”
“There were.” Billy nodded at the water. “I’m gonna go play with the kids and try to forget about Mom for a few.”
Ash sighed. “Good idea. We’ll jam later.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Michelle had offered to cook dinner so Bryce and his children could have some time together. They had left minutes earlier. She stared into the refrigerator, unsure of what to make. “Hey, Ash. Do you want anything special for dinner?”
He leaned back on the couch. “Something simple so you can come sit on my lap.”
“If you’re so eager, come help me.” She knew that would make him get up at least.
Ash jumped off the couch and raced to the kitchen. “How about I help you...” He yanked down her shorts. “Mmm… much better.” He quickly opened his pants.
“Not now!” Michelle squirmed away and stood straight. “Billy’s in the bedroom.”
He groaned. “Forgot.” He tucked his cock away. “OK, so let’s get this done so I can ravish you in our room.” He peeked into the refrigerator. “How about taco salad? Bryce makes that sometimes.” He pointed to the ground beef. “Just brown that and uh… I can shred cheddar cheese.” His eyes moved over the vegetables. “I think we have everything.” He set the beef and cheese on the counter. “Uh… I forgot to tell you something.” After he had closed the refrigerator, he looked up at her. “Billy found a picture of us on Facebook, one from the beach.”
“Is it a bad picture or something?” She didn’t understand what the problem was.
Nervous she would be upset, he took a few seconds to think of what to say. “No. The caption asked if I’m taken. We know I am, but the world has no clue.” He paused and watched her reaction. She seemed conflicted. “It’s up to you. Either I ignore it and rumors fly, or I deny it and say she was just a girl I met, or I can tell the truth and we announce we’re a couple. Do your parents know about us?”
She nodded. “They do. Not sure what to do here, though.” It had never mattered before. No one cared who she had dated until him. “If we ignore it, what kind of rumors can come out?” She knew he meant in tabloids or on TV shows like TMZ. Then a thought occurred to her. “Um… Have rumors already started?”
“I dunno.” He hadn’t thought of that.
He pulled his phone out and searched for his name. What he found surprised him. A few of the tabloid sites had the picture and lots of questions. The location the picture was taken at was very specific.
Fans wanted to know who she was. A few sites and pages said he had been seen with the same woman before. One post said they lived in the area and would watch him to find out more. That made him a bit anxious.
He had never officially claimed to be in a relationship with anyone he dated. None had been serious enough. One look at Michelle and he knew a lot had changed for him. He wanted to claim her publicly. Can she handle that?
“It seems the whole world assumes we’re a couple.” He smiled at the picture again. “Can I post something, saying we’re together? So they won’t follow us around to find out?”
Her head snapped around. “What? Follow us around?” She looked out the window for a brief moment. “You mean, like, how they have been taking pictures all around here?”
“Yeah, sometimes people stalk us.” He groaned. “Sucks, but maybe they’ll take a hike if we post some pictures and announce we’re together.”
She sat down because anxiety had started to build. “So it might help or it might not?”
“It can’t make it worse.” He shrugged. “It also might help me on tour. The girls might lay off… if they knew I was taken.”
After a bit of thought and a few deep breaths, she nodded again. “We should do it. Sounds like it may be a smart move. Rumors can twist into something we don’t want them to.”
“OK, so then what pictures should I post?” He flipped through the ones on his phone and stopped at one on the balcony with the sunset behind them. “This is my favorite.” He stood next to the table and set the phone in front of her. “What d’ ya think?”
Her smile was instant. “I like that one, too.”
“OK then, it’s settled.” He clicked the share icon and posted it on Instagram first. Then he read what he had typed. “So ya know, this is my girl, Michelle. The rumors are true. I’m taken and lovin’ it!” He shared that post on a few of his other media accounts.
She couldn’t help but smile at the sweet words. “Cute, hopefully that will get them all off our backs.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

As soon as the dinner dishes were washed, Ash grabbed his acoustic guitar and walked out onto the back porch. The others followed. They rarely left on any trip without guitars.
The younger kids and Michelle watched as the older boys and men set themselves up. To warm up, they played Ozzy’s “Crazy Train.” The four of them quickly got into sync.
Michelle cheered as they segued into “Stairway to Heaven.” Her eyes went to each of them as they played. This time, two of them played together and two echoed the other pair. It was amazing.
She had seen them play together a few times. They never failed to impress her. She was surprised when Bryce started to sing as he played. Then Pete joined him. The harmonization was beautiful.
After a while, she noticed they had a small audience. Her eyes moved to the buildings across the street, to the south of the beach entrance. People watched from balconies. A few couples stopped for a minute or so then continued on.
She hoped none of them were rabid fans. When the song ended, cheers and applause came from all directions.
Ash nodded his head at the crowd. “Thanks.” He tilted his head at Bryce. “How about ‘Sanitarium?’”
“Oh, yeah.” Billy smiled at Ash. “I’ll do Hammett. You be Cliff, and they can do Hetfield.”
Excited, Ash let the song play in his head. It was one of his favorite Metallica tunes. After just a few notes, some who watched cried out in appreciation. They were likely Metallica fans. He smiled as he played.
The troubling events of the last week left him as he got lost in the music. It always helped him to play. He felt a melody forming, but it wasn’t ready to show itself. That meant it would come to him soon.
Michelle was surprised when the next song sounded familiar, but she couldn’t place it. Then Bryce and Billy started the opening riff and she smiled. Pete had played the notes on his guitar that were normally done on a violin.
She stared at the young men with awe, as they played Avenged Sevenfold’s “Afterlife,” as if it was something anyone could do. Ash sang The Rev’s part, Pete did background, while Bryce sang lead. The four of them were so in tune, it was hard to believe. It was obvious the boys had inherited their father’s talent.
“Wish I had my kit,” Pete called out as he heard Rev’s wild beat toward the end. His hands flew in the air as if he had his sticks. It was instinct. “Love this song!”
Right after that, Ash winked at Bryce. He slid his fingers down the frets and began the opening bass notes to “Getting Away with Murder” by Papa Roach. If only I had my bass! This would sound so much better. He still made the best of it.
Even before Ash had paused to let the others come in, she knew what song it was. It was her favorite by that band. She had wondered when they would play a Papa Roach song.
It had shocked her when Bryce started to sing, and he sounded just like Jacoby Shaddix. His vocal range was quite impressive. Billy’s background vocals were just as good. She could see that the brothers would likely start a band one day as well.
As the last note faded, Ash looked to the sky. “Can we take a break? Wanna watch the sunset with Michelle.”
“Go loverboy.” Bryce smiled. “We’ll entertain the troops.”
With a huge grin, Michelle took Ash’s offered hand. “That was amazing! The boys are more talented than I knew.”
“They are.” He kissed her hand and tugged her to the beach. “Not sure if Ian’ll like it. He had dreams of his boys going to college. Jacob already gave up that idea when he had his first kid. You wanna talk about talent? That kid can run circles around his father. Next time he’s in town, I’ll have him play with us.”
She was dumbfounded that she knew the entire lot of them. “I can’t wait.” She squeezed his hand. “You’re pretty incredible yourself. Haven’t heard you play guitar much, except for some lessons. I don’t think I could have the patience you do.”
“I try.” He stopped when he felt they had the best view. Then he wrapped his arms around her from behind and rested his chin on her shoulder. “Sorry we missed this last night.” He quickly pulled his phone out and snapped a selfie of them. “Need some fodder for fantasies in my bunk… starring you.”
The giggle was involuntary. She continued when he snapped a few more pictures. “I’ll let you take more when we get home.”
“Special pictures?” he whispered in her ear. “The ones I need?”
She sighed. “Yes. Without my face, OK?”
“Of course.” He didn’t want anyone to figure out who was in the pictures.
They were silent as the gorgeous sunset began. Many were out on the beach to watch with them. Just as the sun kissed the horizon, Ash turned them and took another picture. He wanted to capture as many moments as he could.
“Tell me about the tour.” She kept her volume low since they weren’t alone.
He sighed. “We leave the day after your birthday.”
“How do you know when it is?” His blush told her all she needed to know. “You found it in my file, huh?”
He leaned his cheek on hers. “Yeah, was gonna buy you a car for your birthday.”
“I don’t need expensive things.” She leaned back on him a bit more. “I’m simple.”
That was something he had learned the hard way. “I’ll think of something interesting for your birthday.”
“Interesting I can handle.” She smiled at the beautiful sky. “How long is the tour?” A few weeks ago, she had seen it on their site, but she had forgotten the dates.
He took a minute to go over it in his head. “We come back in July.”
“Not too bad, three months.” She was glad it wasn’t the rest of the year. “Can I come visit you if I have time?”
His entire face lit up. “I’d love that.”


CHAPTER TWENTY

After the kids had gone to sleep, Ash and Michelle said goodnight to Bryce. Once in their room, Ash smirked. He had come up with a plan for that night, right after sunset. She didn’t name too many hard limits. He was sure that was more due to her not knowing what options she had, than to what she didn’t like.
“OK.” He backed her into the bedroom. “Time for lesson five, toys.”
Her eyebrows went up. “As in, Legos or something?”
“No.” He let out a sinister laugh. “Sex toys.” He brushed his lips over hers. “Do you have a vibrator?”
She blushed profusely. “Do you really want to know?”
“Yes.”
“I do.” Her gaze drifted down. “It’s a small one.”
He lifted her chin. “Smaller than me?”
“Of course it is.” She thought that was a silly question.
His eyes lit up. “That’s interesting indeed.” He lifted her tank top and tossed it aside. “So you’ve played with toys before.”
“Well, one.” She couldn’t stop her face from heating even more. “I only have it for a few months. Beth made me buy it at a sex party.”
“Whoa!” His jaw dropped. “Sex party? As in orgy?”
Her face fell. “Oh my God, no! I mean a toy party, I guess. I don’t know what it’s called.” She covered her face with her hands.
“I get it.” He tugged her hands away. “I have a few things in store for you that I think you haven’t tried.” He winked to let her know it was a joke. “Just relax and let me show you my kinky world.” He shoved her bike shorts down and waited for her to kick them aside. “Are you still bleeding?”
“No.”
That was a surprise to him. “Really?”
“Maybe the hormones changed things some?” She had been told many things might change.
He shrugged. “Maybe.” Slowly, he removed her purple lace underwear set. He loved how she always wore something sexy under even the most conservative outfits; for his eyes only.
Wonder if she always wore sexy shit, or did she start when we got together? He wouldn’t ask that question.
“Close your eyes.” He opened his bag and pulled out a scarf. Then he stepped behind her.
She did as she was told and was surprised when something silky covered her eyes. “You’re not going to tie me up. Are you?”
“Not here.” He ran his hands up her sides. “I’m saving that for home. Need to break in my new restraint set.”
Her heartbeat sped up. “Your what?” She knew what that was but didn’t know he had special equipment to restrain her.
“Easy, sweetness.” He cupped her breasts and gently squeezed. “I just want you to let go of control and just feel. You’ll see. It’s freeing.” He let his hands roam her body until she relaxed again. “Get up on the bed and lay on your back.”
He led her to the edge of the bed and watched as she got in place. It had been set up a few hours before.
“So beautiful.” He spread her legs a bit more. “You’re excited about this. I can see it.”
He crawled between her legs and swiped a finger through the moisture. Then he dragged his tongue up the same path. She shivered. Perfect!
She gripped the pillow behind her head. “What do I do?”
“Nothing.”
He undressed quickly and glanced down at his engorged dick. It would be a while before it got any relief, but he wanted her to experience something new. As quietly as possible, he unpacked the new toys he had brought with him. The bottle of lubricant was set on the bed.
Michelle heard the water turn on in the bathroom. She had no idea why. With her sight taken away, she heard things clearer. What’s he washing? She heard a second package open. When the bed dipped between her legs, she shuddered with anticipation.
She felt his body heat over her as the dips moved up the bed. The tip of his erection brushed her skin several times, which made her body crave it.
“We have a safe word,” Ash whispered close to her ear.
She knew what that was also. “What is it?”
“I can’t tell you, but if you say it, I’ll stop.” He couldn’t stop the smirk, but he was able to hold in the laugh.
That confused the hell out of her. “What?”
“You can’t be trusted with it.” He couldn’t help but joke about it.
She balked at that. “But that’s not how it goes in books.”
“This is real life, baby.” He almost burst out laughing but held it in. When she didn’t protest any further, he decided to continue the ruse. “Stay very still and let me move your body around.”
Unable to speak because of nerves, she simply nodded. His shaft rubbed her folds slightly. Then he pulled away. She had no idea what to expect. He bent her knees and let them fall to the sides.
Her trust in him was great, but that didn’t stop her from shaking. His hands moved up and down her thighs until her body was still again. The bed moved, and she felt him close again.
Something that vibrated touched her right nipple. She squirmed a bit. It felt good. A mouth closed over her other nipple, and her back arched. She moaned when he sucked harder. Please, put your penis in me! It pressed to her thigh, so it wouldn’t take much to enter her.
Her entire body writhed with need by the time he switched sides. The wet nipple was even more sensitive. Vibration against it, coupled with his constant deep suction, sent her into a frenzy.
“Please… I need you. Please?” She had never gotten so crazy, so quickly. Maybe this blindfold is an aphrodisiac.
Her body jerked when a wet finger tickled her anus. That was something new for her. Anal play was never a thought before they met. She took a deep breath to quell the butterflies and sighed when his tongue moved over her nipple slowly.
Then her eyes opened wide when his finger breached her backdoor. She still couldn’t see, but it was a natural reaction. He moved very slowly, obviously to avoid causing her pain.
Ash knew she was nervous. He took his time and worked his index finger in to the first knuckle. She breathed deeply, but didn’t even whimper. It wasn’t easy to keep up the torture of her nipples as well, but he wanted her distracted until he could fit one of the toys inside her.
He latched onto the first nipple again and pressed the thin vibrator against the other wet nipple. She gasped and arched her back again. He used that to his advantage and pushed his finger in fully. Her reaction was half-shock, half-moan.
“You OK?” He worried when she tensed.
She nodded profusely. It didn’t exactly hurt but it felt odd. “Are you done playing?”
“Nope.” He slid down her body and grabbed a second item. With one finger, he rubbed lube on the end. Then he pulled his finger out and pushed the small butt plug in. She accepted it easily. “I’ll start out easy. Promise.”
He squirted lubricant onto the rigid vibrator and carefully thrust it into her pussy. She jerked a bit, but then she settled down. He smirked as he turned the vibration on both toys. Her hips lifted. The angle was perfect. He carefully adjusted the vibrator until he was sure it touched her sweet spot. Then he upped the vibration.
“Oh my fucking God!” Michelle couldn’t help the exclamation.
Ash grinned. Her body writhed all over as he kept up constant pressure. She screamed something incoherent. That told him she was almost where he wanted her. He held onto the vibrator tightly. She tried to push it out, so it wasn’t as easy as before.
Her hands went out as if she tried to grab a hold of something. Her body twisted one way then the other. Seconds later, it finally happened.
“Knew it.” He watched as fluid sprayed onto the towel beneath her. His gaze moved up her body. Tears fell from her eyes. She was overwhelmed. “Gonna let you rest a bit.” He withdrew the vibrator and set it on a towel at the edge of the bed.
While she caught her breath and her body calmed, Ash prepared for the next round. Since he sometimes felt inadequately endowed, he had learned to incorporate toys when he dated someone. Groupies and one night stands didn’t get that treatment, though.
His eyes drifted to Michelle again. Sweat had broken out all over her body. He found it sexy that she had gotten so into it. Things had changed a lot since their first intimate moment.
“Ready for more?” he whispered as he laid next to her.
She gasped a few times. Even though she was still blindfolded, she turned to him. “What more is there?”
“You don’t want my dick?” He feigned sadness. “I thought you like it.”
Her mouth opened then closed a few times. “I—I do. Make love to me.” She smiled at the words.
“All in due time.” He licked her ear. “Turn over.”
She flipped to her belly. “Where should I put my hands?”
“Wherever they feel comfortable.”
As quietly as possible, he lubed up the larger dildo. Not quite accidentally, he compared it to his own erection. His frown faded quickly. The toy was more like Bryce’s size. With one hand, he eased her legs open a bit more. Then he pressed the tip to her entrance. It wasn’t easy to work it into her. She’s always so damned tight.
He took his time and paused when he had it a little more than halfway in. She squirmed but didn’t complain. He quelled the worry that she wanted a bigger dick and slowly thrust it a few times.
She finally relaxed and sighed. He couldn’t help but smile. After a few more strokes, he sensed she was close. He changed the angle slightly and moved faster.
She shouted his name, and his hand froze. “What’s wrong?”
“You said the safe word.” He bit his lip so he didn’t laugh.
Her face screwed up. “What? You made it your name? That makes no sense.”
“I know.” He let out a chuckle. “I’m just fuckin’ with you.”
She growled softly. “You better stop joking and finish what you started.”
“Oh I will, sweetness.” He just hoped she could handle the rest.
Frustrated, she asked, “What’s the real word?”
“Um…” Ash tapped his chin a few times. “How about haunting? Can’t imagine you saying that by accident.”
That sounded like a neutral word. “OK.”
“Changing things again.” He felt left out, but he wanted her to try new things that night.
When he removed the butt plug and penetrated her ass with the toy, she cried out, “Haunting! Too big! Stop! Please!”
He pulled it out quickly and laid it on the towel. “You’re the boss.” He smiled and laid down on top of her. Time for me to get some too. “How about this?” He slowly pushed the head of his cock against her backdoor. “Slow and easy.” He let it penetrate her then pulled back a few times. Then he pushed hard until the head was engulfed and waited. It was as good as their first time together. “You OK?”
“Uh, yeah.” She had always been curious what anal sex was like. “Will it hurt much more than that?”
He leaned down and whispered, “Does it hurt now?”
“Not really.”
“Good. It may hurt until I’m in all the way. Just relax. Makes it easier.”
He settled his forearms around her head. Then he pressed in further. She reached out as she shook slightly. He clasped her hands in his and brought his arms back to the same position.
“That’s my girl.” His hips moved back then forward again. “It’ll feel good if you let it.” She laid her head on a pillow, and he brushed his lips over her cheek. “Feels good to me.”
Scared, but full of trust, Michelle squeezed his hands because it hurt. He knows what he’s doing. She had promised that she would be open to new things. It was mostly because she wanted to.
Her life had been too ordinary before she met Ash. His love for the unusual sparked desire in her, more often than not. He sighed in her ear which made her smile. His pleasure was worth any pain.
“I won’t cum in you,” he whispered as he gave her another slow stroke.
She didn’t understand. “Why?”
“You don’t wanna find out what happens if I do. Trust me.” He had heard some horror stories from his bandmates and didn’t want her to be embarrassed by the aftermath. One more stroke and he was fully seated. “I’m in. How’s it feel?”
“Uh, well, full.” She wasn’t sure how to describe it.
He leaned down and let his lips graze her ear. “Tell me if I hurt you.”
The world still hidden from her, she held his fingers tightly. His languid withdrawal made her eyes flutter with pleasure. Then he pushed back in, and she sighed. It felt better since he had opened her up.
She was more grateful than ever that he wasn’t huge. His groan in her ear as he pulled back again went right through her. His sounds of pleasure always did wild things to her. They sighed together as he buried himself again. She loved how he put her pleasure first. That night had been all about her, and she knew it.
“Sweetness… ah, fuck… so good.” His eyes rolled back as he gave her his entire length yet again. “Michelle… So hard to last with you this tight.”
As she shuddered, she replied, “We… have… all… night.”
“You first.” He settled his body over hers carefully. With his cheek against hers, he whispered, “It’s always you first, Michelle.”
His hips pumped slowly a few times. Then he gradually picked up the pace. Eyes closed, he imagined the inside of her body and directed his strokes to cause the most stimulation. When her body tensed, he knew it wasn’t pain. The hitch in her breath told him he had hit the mark. His own breath became ragged as he drove into her harder.
She pushed her ass against him every time he thrust in. He loved that. The strong urge to spill his seed was difficult to resist. He clutched her hands tightly as he groaned.
Unbelievable waves of ecstasy overtook Michelle’s body. It made no sense, not that she could really think. Her limbs flailed, and her pelvis wriggled. The orgasm was so intense, she lost all sense of time. The only thing she felt was the pleasure.
“Michelle… Michelle… Michelle…” Ash pulled out fast and shifted so he would cum on the towel. He shuddered hard as his own orgasm played out. “Ah, fuck!” He squeezed her hands and buried his face in her neck. I think I love you.


CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

Very early Sunday morning, Ash stirred. He was on his back, and his hair was all over his face. He blew it out of his mouth and glanced down. Through the blonde strands, he found Michelle’s body draped over his. Her head was on his chest, a hand under his shoulder, and one leg between his.
For a long time, he hated to wake up with someone. With her, it felt natural. He craved it. When they went back to Riverview, he wasn’t sure if he could stand to be without her at night.
A glance at the window told him it was still dark out. He let his hand travel down her body. Then he held her to him as he stretched toward his phone. It was just after six. A sly grin formed. After he had kissed the top of her head, he shook her gently.
“Michelle… Sweetness… Wake up. I wanna do something.”
She moaned as her body rubbed against his. “Do what?”
“It’s a surprise.” He set his phone down and lifted her so he could use the bathroom. “Minimal clothing, but we need to have something on.”
She rolled onto her back and waited for her turn in the bathroom. “Can you give me a hint?” Since he didn’t close the door all the way, she heard urine splash into the toilet.
“The beach.” He snickered, sure that hint wouldn’t work.
Her sigh was involuntary. “It’s dark out. Is the beach open?”
“Not really, but no one’ll be out now.” He had been there so many times that he was sure of it. As he stepped back into the bedroom, he nodded at her. “I wanna watch the sunrise. We need a blanket.” He went right to the closet. “This works.” He turned to find the bed empty.
Michelle stepped into the warm spray of the shower and washed just the essentials. A knock made her look up. The door opened slowly. “I’ll just be a minute.”
“OK.” Ash watched her silhouette. The sight made blood rush south. His basketball shorts hid his desire until he was at full mast. Good thing the beach’ll be deserted. He picked up his toothbrush and toothpaste. “I’m just gonna use a little water.”
It didn’t take long for them both to be ready. Silently, they walked around the beach house and toward the beach entrance. The streets and the beach were deserted. No one was on balconies as far as they could see either.
Ash had the blanket over his shoulder and carried a bag with a few essentials in a small duffel bag. He led Michelle toward the large recliners they had spotted on Friday. Before anything else, he partially unfolded the blanket and spread it over the chair.
Next, he scanned the area carefully, paying close attention to the building with the best view of the beach. No voyeurs, good.
“Now, we wait.” He pulled her close and ran his hands over her tank top then her shorts. No underwear, perfect. “How should we pass the time?”
He leaned down and pressed his lips to hers. It had always thrilled him to have sex where he shouldn’t. However, since his band had hit it big, it had to be planned out to assure there were no witnesses. It would be a first to fuck to the sunrise. Technically, they needed to be done before that, so no one discovered them.
Michelle didn’t protest when he urged her onto the lounge chair. She trusted him. His glances around also assured her. Obviously, he didn’t want them to be caught.
As he hovered over her, he undressed her slowly. She ran her hands over his naked back, then down and into his shorts. They came down as she continued down to his legs.
“You know what I want, huh?” He growled near her ear and brushed his lips over her neck. “Legs around me.” When she had complied, he nipped the sensitive skin by her ear. “Let’s see how wet you are.” He dragged his shaft through her folds. “Getting there.”
His hair blocked her view of anything but him. The scattered street lights were the only reason she could see at all.
She moaned as he thrust against her. Meanwhile, his lips moved purposefully over her ear, neck, jaw, lips and then back again. That always worked quickly. Everything he did drove her crazy.
Her body responded to him as her hands explored his body absently. The skin of his chest rubbed her nipples as well. He used most of his arsenal all at once on her. Resistance was futile. Not that she wanted to resist him.
“There we go.” Ash sighed as the head of his cock slipped inside her. “Always amazing with you.” He had to kick off his shorts because they impeded his movement.
With just a few languid strokes, he was in balls deep. Just in case, he checked their surroundings once again. No one. His hands slid under her shoulders and held on while he buried his face in her neck. Her body molded to his so easily.
He breathed in her scent as he withdrew to the tip. Then he grunted when he drove in hard. Her soft moan told him she liked it. He smirked as he pumped his hips, fast and hard.
Michelle was afraid to get too vocal, or she would attract attention. She latched her mouth onto Ash’s neck and shoulder, depending on his position. He played her body the way he did his bass; with precision as always.
His pants were in time to her own. Emotion built as their bodies writhed against each other’s. Her feelings for him grew daily. At that point, she wondered if she was in love.
“Mmm, yeah.” Ash groaned as she tensed within and clung to him. “You know that’s what I want.”
As her body twisted to and fro, his words faded in and out. His lips moved over her face and neck while she slowly came down from her powerful orgasm. By the time it had waned, she felt so loved.
His tender affection was unlike anything she had experienced before. Just as her eyes opened, he fisted her hair and pressed his lips to hers. His quick strokes told her the end was near for him. Usually he made it last as long as possible. She was glad he didn’t, since they could get caught.
“Ah… Michelle…” He groaned as several spurts of semen let go inside her. “Better every time.” Did you just say that bullshit? You’re becoming a sap. Shut up! He sighed and shook it off. “We should get dressed.” He glanced up and knew sunrise was close.
Within a minute, they were dressed and cuddled together. The sun rose slowly behind the buildings to the East. Ash whispered, “Not as good as sunset here.”
“True,” Michelle replied. “But still beautiful. Thanks for sharing it with me.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Ash opened his eyes to incredible pleasure a few hours later. When he could focus, his eyes drifted down. A mess of dark hair moved over his crotch. He couldn’t see her, but he knew it was Michelle between his legs.
Her lips moved down his shaft slowly to the base, and he groaned. A morning blowjob was unusual, but he couldn’t complain. It was amazing. When she sucked hard on the head, he reached down and fisted her hair.
“Damn, Michelle.” He was shocked when she didn’t move from her position. She worked him harder, which made his body shudder. “If you don’t want me to cum, get up here.”
She almost smirked but held it back. He had given her the courage to be herself, and she wanted to thank him. His desperate whimpers told her he was trying to hold back. That was not what she wanted. She cupped his balls and fondled them gently. His hips lifted. As she sucked with all her might, she tugged his sac and grasped tighter. He had a few things that triggered an instant orgasm. She moaned and squeezed at the same time. He rewarded her with a mouthful of semen.
“Shit! Shit!” He pulled her hair slightly as he came. “Best… morning… ever…”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Around noon, all of them went to Sunday brunch. Before they were even seated, Ash’s phone vibrated several times. He glanced at it. Go away, Leo. Ash wasn’t in the mood to talk to him. They hadn’t gotten much sleep, although it was worth it. As he followed the others to their table, he took off his sunglasses. Then his phone went off a few more times.
“What’s Leo’s problem?” Bryce whispered to Ash when they had reached the table.
Ash shrugged. “No idea. He’s blowin’ your phone up, too?”
“Yep.” Bryce checked his phone again. “Reggie, too.”
With a roll of his eyes, Ash replied, “I’ll call them after we eat.”
Michelle glanced around them. Most stared, curiously. She didn’t understand why. It wasn’t the fan gawk. She tried to read the menu, but she felt eyes on her. “People are staring.”
“They are?” Ash scanned the room. It was true. A few even took pictures of the group. “Ignore them. Just nosy. We have this problem a lot.” It had never been quite like that before. Usually after a gig they would get terrified glares, or if there were many young people around, fans would mob them. He knew something odd was going on.
Bryce leaned toward Ash. “I don’t know if this was a good idea. I keep seeing camera flashes.”
Ash became annoyed when someone shook their head at him. He jumped to his feet. “What’s your problem?”
“After what you did on the beach this morning, you should be ashamed to show your face with your family.”
The reply confused Ash even more. His face fell when he realized something happened that he wasn’t aware of. He pulled his phone out. The first thing he did was read all of Leo’s texts. Not good.
One had a picture attachment. His mouth dropped when it loaded. It had been taken on the beach that morning, before the sunrise. They were on the chair, him on top of Michelle. He was obviously naked, and his face was clear. She was blurred, which gave him some relief.
Unable to tell Michelle yet, he rushed outside. Hands on his thighs, he hunched over and heaved. This is not happening. Please tell me this is not happening. He didn’t expect an answer. Who the hell took that picture?
“Is this really you?” Bryce thrust his phone in front of Ash’s face. “Tell me it’s a fake.”
Ash shook his head. “It’s me.”
“Is that Michelle?” Bryce was still in shock.
“Of course it’s her,” Ash growled. “I’m not gonna cheat on her.” He stood up and leaned on a post. “I can’t believe this.”
Bryce gritted his teeth for a few seconds. “How stupid can you be to fuck her in public?” He kept his voice down. “You know how those vultures are.”
“Oh my fucking God!” Ash panicked as he opened a browser on his phone.
Then he Googled his name and a video of him was the topic of many threads. The caption was, “Lucky groupie. Guess he can’t keep it in his pants for long.”
He briefly watched it, and his jaw dropped. It was dark, and the wind muffled the sound. Many of the comments said it was too blurry to be sure who it was. That didn’t stop them from splashing his name all over the place.
“It’s worse.” Ash replayed the video and held it up for Bryce. “I need to find this guy and tell him off.”
Bryce shook his head. “Don’t feed the trolls. You know what that leads to. It always blows over.” He put a hand on Ash’s shoulder. “You need to be the one to tell her.”
“Yeah.” Ash felt defeated.
He couldn’t imagine she could handle her name all over the internet. Then he remembered the caption. He checked a few social media sites. All of them assumed he cheated on her. What’s worse? A sex tape starring you or your boyfriend’s sex tape with someone else? He had no clue.
“I’m gonna get Michelle and the kids so we can go home and talk about this.” Bryce squeezed his friend’s shoulder. “It’ll be OK.” He planned to order food through a delivery service, so they didn’t have to cook.
Michelle knew Bryce was upset when he walked back into the restaurant, but she didn’t ask why. She helped gather the children, and they left. Everyone was silent except the young ones. Ash couldn’t meet her eyes. She forced herself not to imagine why.
Even when they had gotten into the vehicles, no one said a word. Something is very wrong. She took Ash’s hand in hers and clung to it as he drove back to the resort.
While Bryce took all of the kids into the beach house, Ash tugged Michelle to stay outside with him. As soon as they were alone, he grabbed her other hand. “I need to tell you something, and you’re not gonna like it.”
Her heart sped up. The look in his eyes was guilt and possibly regret. Many things came to mind. Please don’t say you cheated. Please. She knew he had opportunities while she was at work. However, she trusted him. His long pause scared her back to the unfaithful thought.
“Someone filmed us,” he whispered.
She met his sad eyes. “Filmed us when?”
“This morning.” He swallowed hard. “On the beach... while I was... fucking you.”
Her face paled. “They saw us?”
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t see anyone.” He watched her try to stop the tears, but she couldn’t. That broke his heart. “It’s my fault. I shoulda known.” His instinct was to hold her, but she was stiff.
Her mind conjured up things her mother would say about it. “But... my parents...” She started to sob, unable to talk any longer.
“No one knows it’s you,” he whispered as he took her into his arms.
Until she had calmed, he stayed silent.
With a kiss on her head, he softly said, “I promise, I’ll never tell anyone who I was with. I don’t want that for you.” He had thought about what to do the entire drive there. “Thing is... They say I cheated on you. I can’t fight that accusation, or they’ll drag you through the mud. No way can I allow that. You mean too much to me. But they’re gonna talk bad about me. Can you handle it?”
The fact that no one knew it was her gave her some relief. However, that meant people would think he was unfaithful to her. Everyone she knew would find out eventually. Celebrity gossip was popular. Her vision of a long, happy relationship with Ash slowly dissolved. “Can’t they just leave us alone?”
Tears fell again in earnest. She knew if he was anyone else, the situation would be very different. It made her doubt her choice in men.
“I dunno why they think this is OK.” Ash held her closer. “I’m sorry.”
She sniffled and lifted her head slightly. “Is our whole life going to be like this?”
“This is nothing compared to what Bryce went through.” He realized after the words had left his mouth that it was a bad way to put it.
Her bottom lip trembled as she imagined them torn apart by the media frenzy. “This can get worse?”
“I’m not a drug addict, and I won’t cheat on you, so we can’t go through that.” He hoped that assured her. As soon as her tears dried up again, he framed her face with his hands and kissed her lips. “We just need to be careful what we do or say for the next few weeks.” Her nod helped him relax a little. He looked up when a van pulled into the driveway. Someone stepped out with two shopping bags.
“Bryce Cooper?” The delivery man was quite sure the man near the right address was not the famous singer. He did look very familiar, though.
Ash waved a hand. “I’ll pay for it.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

As they packed up the vehicles mid-afternoon, Bryce grinned at Ash. “This is why I have a pickup truck.”
“Whatever.” Ash shook his head. He still thought it was weird that so many people owned pickup trucks down there.
Bryce shook the tarp out, then tossed the other end toward Ash. “Make sure you tie it down good.” He glanced at the dark sky. Then he secured his side of the full truck bed.
One glance at Michelle told Ash she was still upset. He couldn’t blame her, but she had been almost silent for the last few hours. It made him wonder what was going on in her head. His biggest fear was that she would leave him.
If that happened, he didn’t know if he could get over it. He would see her at The Center, and it would break his heart. That, he was sure of.
“Ready?” Ash picked up Michelle’s hand, but she pulled away. He sighed and opened the passenger door for her.
The entire 50-mile ride home, Michelle said nothing. Her thoughts were all over the place. She wasn’t sure if she wanted to live her entire life in the media. If she were Ash’s girlfriend, she would be fair game for the wolves out there. Can I survive a scandal like this every few months?
By the time they got back to the house in Apollo Beach, Ash knew it was over between them. He fought strong emotions as he stepped out of his car. Before he had the chance, Michelle grabbed her bag out of the trunk. He stood frozen as she carried it to her car. His chest constricted. How am I gonna get over her?
“Can we go visit my mom?” Pete asked Bryce a few feet away.
Unsure, Bryce turned to Ash. “Uh… Did Ian say if we could visit?”
“Hey, Uncle Ash.” Billy saw the odd expression on Ash’s face. “You OK?”
Ash shook his head. “Uh, yeah. Fine.”
“Can we go see Mom?” Billy knew Ash was upset.
“I’ll call your dad.” Ash rushed to Michelle just before she got into her car. “Don’t leave. Please. We need to talk about this. I’m sorry. I seriously had no idea anyone saw us.”
Her bottom lip trembled. “It’s not just that. I don’t know if I can do this… be a rock star’s girlfriend.” She tried to hold them back, but several tears fell. “I need to think.”
She hated long goodbyes so she hopped into the driver’s seat and took off as soon as possible. It took all her strength not to watch Ash in the rearview mirror. She felt his heartbreak. That was something she couldn’t hold onto. She had to decide on her own if she wanted to be a part of his life. It wouldn’t be an easy choice, since she knew she loved him.
It wasn’t that she thought he had cheated, or that he would. She didn’t think that she could handle the constant accusations in the media anytime it was perceived he had. His fame meant their life would be in the media indefinitely. Ash had known that, and yet he had risked exposure, literally, by making love to her out in the open. She hadn’t known it could get that bad.
Back at the house, Ash still stood in the driveway as he stared at the empty street where his girlfriend had been minutes prior. She really left me. He was in complete shock. His mind reeled. What do I do?
“She’ll be back,” Bryce assured his friend. “This mess probably scared her.”
Ash closed his eyes. “What if she doesn’t? I don’t wanna live without her.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

Monday morning, Michelle walked into Safe Haven with her head down. From what she had seen on the internet, their video had gone viral. She couldn’t face anyone. At least the children won’t know about it. She headed right to her classroom, even as Beth called her name.
The past night alone in her bed had been awful. Nightmares had plagued her. In the morning, she checked her phone. Ash had called several times, and texted even more. She read the first few texts, then she had to stop. It seemed like he desperately wanted to talk to her. There was no way she could reply.
Her decision hadn’t been made yet. Although, she missed him much more than she had expected to. She had reached out for him multiple times during the night.
“Honey.” Beth followed Michelle and closed the door behind them. “I’m sorry things didn’t work out. I didn’t know he was a dick.”
Confused, Michelle turned back to her. “What’re you talking about?”
“You don’t know?” Beth sighed and pulled out her phone. With a somber expression, she started the viral video. “I can’t believe he did that. He was such a nice guy.”
Michelle’s cheeks heated up instantly. “That’s me.”
“OMG! Are you kidding me? He did you on the beach? Were people just watching you?” Beth finally took a breath as she beamed at her friend.
Still embarrassed, Michelle replied, “No. They had to have their camera zoomed or something, maybe from a balcony. No one was out, at all. He wouldn’t do that to me.”
“Damn, he’s hot.” Beth watched the video again. Then she found the pictures she had saved on her phone. “In this one, you can tell it’s him, but none of them show your face clearly, his hair’s in the way. What did he say about it?”
Michelle covered Beth’s phone. “Stop ogling my boyfriend’s ass.” She took a deep breath to quell her anxiety. “He’s pissed as hell.” She double checked that they were alone again. “They didn’t sell it, so it’s not easy to find who took it. His lawyer is working on that. Does everyone really think he cheated on me?”
“Not everyone.” Beth felt guilty. “Guess I didn’t give him the benefit of the doubt. It’s not like he put up a post countering that misinformation.”
“He doesn’t want to tell the world it’s me he’s on top of.” Michelle huffed in frustration. “Either way, it hurts me. I don’t want my parents to know I was filmed having sex with him, though. If he knew who took the video, he’d probably break their jaw.”
Beth growled. “He’s protective, huh?”
“He is.” Michelle smiled as she imagined how fiercely he fought to protect her identity when their publicist wanted him to make a statement. “He’s an awesome guy.”
That made Beth cock an eyebrow. “So then why do you look so confused?”
“Well...” Michelle struggled to find the right words. “Can I be falling for him after only three weeks?”
Beth giggled. “Finally!”
“I’m serious.” Michelle exhaled loudly. “If I love him, I should be able to push this aside and just be with him, right?”
That’s when Beth realized what was wrong. “You want to leave him over this? It’s not his fault.”
“No, it’s not. But it’s likely something else will end up in the media. What if the next thing is worse? His whole life is in the limelight.”
Beth frowned and shook her head. “That’s not true. No one knows he started this place, and no one knows he and the band fund it. I don’t think Bryce’s kids have been in the tabloids much either. The paparazzi can’t find you everywhere.”
She took a breath then continued before she continued. The last thing she wanted was to discourage her friend from forgiving her man.
“You do realize you two were on a public beach, out in the open? I’m sure it was an awesome thrill, but it wasn’t a smart place to fuck.”
She cringed and covered her mouth. Thankfully, there were no children in close proximity.
“That slipped out. Anyway, think about it. You’ve been together for weeks and the only time pictures made it to the media was in Siesta Key. That means most of his life is private. Didn’t you tell me some teenagers went crazy over Ash? Maybe it was them… jealous of you.”
“I didn’t think of that.” Michelle sighed and sat in a chair. “This is not like dating someone normal.”
Excited, Beth jumped. “I know. It’s so awesome. So you forgive him?”
“There’s nothing to forgive.” Michelle pulled out her phone and looked at her background. Ash held his acoustic guitar on the porch in Siesta Key. “The problem is I’m scared I can’t handle being a celebrity’s girlfriend.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

If Ash didn’t have several guitar lessons scheduled that afternoon, he would have stayed home. He couldn’t disappoint the teens who needed the outlet.
After a deep breath, he opened the door to Safe Haven and stepped inside. He immediately felt eyes on him. It was not like the usual amorous stares. He sensed anger and disappointment.
Whispers about him cheating and how hot he was naked were hard to ignore. He had no idea what to say. The last thing he wanted was to embarrass Michelle.
He went straight to the gym where he normally held lessons. It was empty, which gave him some relief. The setup had let him forget his heartache for a bit. When he sat down with his acoustic guitar in his lap, he sighed.
The night before, he hadn’t slept at all. She also hadn’t answered any of his texts. At that moment, he felt stupid for sending them. His heart ruled his mind, so he didn’t think much at all.
He was so upset that he had written another song for her. It was sappy and made him sound like a whiner. He didn’t plan to show it to his band unless he modified it a lot.
Down the hall, Michelle stared at her classroom door. She had seen Ash pass minutes earlier. He didn’t even wave at her. The look on his face was pure defeat. She had no idea that ignoring him would break him.
As soon as she was able, she walked down the hall and peeked into the gym. Four young men and one girl sat in a semi-circle as Ash sat in the middle. He told them something. Then he moved his fingers into place, and they all played together. Since the room was nearly soundproof, not much of the music filtered into the hallway.
She watched him with longing in her heart. Her feelings for him had deepened. After almost 24 hours without him, she had finally come to a decision.
It had taken another talk with Beth, but she couldn’t let what they had fall apart. From the look on his face when he passed her room, she wasn’t sure he would be open to giving her another chance.
Ash glanced up and saw Michelle in the window. He wasn’t ready to face her. Emotion clogged his throat. Why is she making this worse? His eyes drifted back to his guitar. Please leave me alone. I can’t deal with this.
His body language told her he didn’t want to talk to her. Maybe he decided I’m not enough for him, or that my reaction was too extreme. She walked away when tears started to fall.
It was all too much. She couldn’t stand to believe that she had lost him because she pushed him away. However, that was exactly what had happened.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

When Ash’s second guitar group was done, he cleaned up, packed his guitar away and left the gym. His heart pounded when he found Michelle in the hallway. He almost stepped back into the gym, but he changed his mind.
Just ask her if it’s over. Unfortunately, he couldn’t do it. With gritted teeth, he headed her way but avoided eye contact. The others around him stared again. His face heated up with embarrassment. They all think I cheated on her. Fuck!
Michelle was shocked when he passed her without so much as a greeting. Since most of her group was gone, she hurried after him. “Ash, wait!” She couldn’t let things end that way. “Please.” She caught up with him just after he unlocked his car.
“What?” Ash couldn’t turn around.
She grabbed his arm and moved in front of him. When she looked up, his tears melted her heart. “Do you hate me that much?”
“Hate you?” He didn’t understand.
Her own emotions were hard to control. “You ignored me and brushed right by me a minute ago. I’m sorry I couldn’t handle that mess.”
“You shouldn’t have to.” He sniffled and wiped the tears with the back of his hand. “This is all my fault. You deserve so much more than I can offer you. I don’t blame you for blowing me off. I won’t bother you anymore.” He tried to open the car door, but she held onto him. 
“I know the truth, and I don’t care what anyone says.” The damn broke, and tears fell down her cheeks. She looked up at him. “I love you no matter what.” She tensed and swallowed hard.
His jaw dropped. “You love me?” He was sure he had heard wrong.
“I do.” She took in a shaky breath. “You’re everything I ever wanted in a man and more. If you haven’t given up on me, I can handle a few viral videos. I know you’re faithful. Is it too late for us?”
He closed his eyes. “It’s not too late.” He quickly pulled her into his arms. “Why’d you ignore me? I thought you hated me.”
“I needed time to think. I told you that.” She sighed.
“No you didn’t.” He pulled back and looked into her eyes. “You didn’t say anything. You just left.”
She thought back to the day before. “I didn’t? Wait. Yes, I did. You didn’t hear me?”
“No.” He slowed his breathing so he could calm down. Obviously, he had been too hurt to hear it. “I thought it was over.”
The moments before she left the Apollo Beach house flashed in her mind. “I’m so sorry. My mind was so messed up that I didn’t know what I was doing. This has never happened to me before. I feel exposed and violated.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” He palmed her cheek. “You need to talk to me, not deal with this shit alone. How can we be a team without communication?”
The words were on the tip of his tongue, but they terrified him to no end. After a deep breath, he knew he had to say them.
“I love you, Michelle. I was just afraid to tell you.”
She smiled so wide, her cheeks hurt. “We both overreacted. Can we forget the last 24 hours happened? Maybe the last 28?”
“Please?” His lips descended to hers and stayed there for a few seconds. He treasured those seconds. When he pulled back, she smiled at him. “I love you.” It got easier to say each time.
“Come with me.” She grabbed his hand and pulled him back to the building. As soon as they stepped inside, she glared at the women who had gossiped about them. “He didn’t cheat on me. I’m not going to explain, and you’re not going to ask. Things are not always what they seem.” Then she tugged him to her classroom and grabbed her bag. Her assistant looked up. “I need to leave early. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Ash’s mind reeled when they were back at his car again. “Is this real?”
“It is.” Michelle got on her toes and kissed his lips. “I’ll meet you at home.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Ash parked his car in the driveway with a huge grin on his face. He felt stupid that he had doubted her. She loves me. He sighed and leaned back.
Rarely did he allow his emotions to rule his mind. What he should have done was talk to Bryce. Instead, he had hidden in his room and berated himself until he felt even worse for most of the past 24 hours
 Irrational thoughts had clouded his judgment, and his trust in her. He should have known that she just needed some time.
When her car pulled in behind him, he shut off the engine and got out. She smiled as she approached him. Unable to resist, he pulled her close and whispered, “I love you.”
“If you keep saying it, I’m going to cry.” She couldn’t believe that she had been so wrong. “I’m sorry that I didn’t make you understand what I needed.” She hadn’t known how to explain. “Next time, I’ll make sure to let you know why I need to be alone.”
He kissed her forehead and held her head to his shoulder. “I’m like that, too. I holed up in my room from the moment we got home yesterday. I couldn’t even sleep. That could get complicated if we have a fight or something. If both of us have the tendency to hide, then how’re we gonna fix things?” He hadn’t thought of that before that moment.
“We’ll find a way.” She inhaled his sweet cologne. “Maybe we both have to change a bit and learn to communicate better.”
“Yeah.” He pulled her to the house. “First stop is the kitchen. My stomach is pissed at me. I couldn’t eat either.”
She patted his belly. “We’ll get you all fixed up. If Bryce hasn’t started dinner yet, I’ll whip up some alfredo sauce and you can boil the water for the pasta. Do we have chicken?”
“Yeah.” Ash smiled widely as they walked into the house. He loved that she cooked as well as Bryce. So far, their talents complimented each other, since each of them knew how to do things the other did not. “If Bryce used it, I’ll go run to Publix up the road.” He shut the door behind them. Then he heard a car alarm go off. “Damn.”
He let Michelle go and went back outside. His eyes widened when he saw Ian back his black Road King away from his Mustang.
Ian looked like hell. His face was pale, his hair was in a braid, but strands stuck out all over, and his clothes were just thrown together. That was not like him at all.
It was obvious that Ian had not taken care of himself at all over the past few days. Ash ran over to his bandmate and silenced the alarm on his car. He did his best to ignore the dent in his door. Obviously. Ian had hit his car with the Harley.
“How ya doing?” Ash offered a hug when Ian had set the kickstand.
Overwhelmed, Ian fell into his friend’s embrace. He took deep breaths to fight the tears that threatened. The only reason he had said nothing about his personal life, was that his wife had asked him to stay silent about it.
He wanted to respect her wishes, but it became harder each day. His heart begged for his brothers’ comfort and support. He knew his bandmates would be there for him. After he took in a few shaky breaths and swallowed the emotion, he pulled back.
“Sorry, I hit your car. My mind’s a mess.” Ian closed his eyes. “Jacob’s in town. I wanted to let the boys know.”
Ash met Ian’s sad eyes. “Forget it. What’s going on? The boys’re worried. Me and Bryce’re worried. You don’t answer calls or texts. Why’re we all in the dark?”
“I promised her.” Ian knew it was only a matter of time before he broke down. At home, he held back for his wife. “She needs surgery.” That did it. He burst into tears. “I can’t lose her.”
Ash automatically pulled Ian into his arms. “We’re here for you, man.”
He didn’t know what else to say as his friend shook and sobbed. Only Bryce had broken down in front of him before. That was for almost as good of a reason.
Ash just tried to support Ian’s weak body as the man let out emotions he had obvious hid from others. He glanced back to make sure none of the kids watched. Michelle opened the door for a few seconds, but then she closed it again. He appreciated the privacy.
“Sorry… Sorry about that.” Ian stepped back and wiped his face with his arm. “This is just so… so fuckin’ unfair!” When he had gotten himself together, he pulled out a cigarette and lit up. After a deep inhale, he let out a sigh. His eyes closed as his body calmed some.
Soon after, Ash waved smoke away from his face. Unlike his bandmates, he had never smoked. “Thought you quit.”
“I did.” Ian tossed the butt on the floor and stamped it out. “I’ll pick it up. Relax.”
Ash tried to ignore the offensive litter. “How long’s Jacob staying?”
“Indefinitely.” Ian was glad his oldest son had come home. “He wants to help.”
With a nod, Ash said, “He can use my 300 as long as he needs it. You know the alarm code, just take it. This way you don’t have to worry.”
“Thanks.” Ian and his wife had a vehicle, but they didn’t have extras like his friends did. “I wanna see the boys, but she doesn’t want them to know everything.”
Ash frowned. “Dude, that’s not fair to them. They ask me all the time if they can go see her. They’re scared. You need to talk to them about this.”
“But she forbid me to tell them.” Ian’s eyes opened wide. “I swear. She did. She said if I told them, she would call them and tell them it was a lie.” He shook his head. “I hate doing this to them, but I can’t go against her wishes.” He stuffed a hand in his pocket and pulled out a wad of bills. “Here. I know my boys can eat you outta house and home.” He held out the money.
That was not something Ash expected. “Hell no! I ain’t taking your money.” He pushed Ian’s hand away. “They’re my nephews. We’re family.”
A bit relieved, Ian sighed. “We are.”
“Dad?” Billy knew there was a reason that Ash had not come inside yet. “Is Mom with you?”
Ian sighed. “Please don’t tell them.”
“I won’t.” Ash followed Ian toward Billy, then into the house. “Let me tell Michelle we have one more for dinner.”
“No,” Ian insisted. “I need to get back.”
Pete walked into the hallway. “Don’t leave, Dad.”
“I can’t stay. I’m sorry.” Ian didn’t want to hurt his boys. “Jacob’s visiting. He said he’d come by here tomorrow after school.” He had thought about bringing Jacob, but he needed the ride to clear his head.
Billy folded his arms over his chest. “Then why ain’t he here?”
“I rode the bike.” Ian glanced at Ash close by.
Ash put a hand on Ian’s shoulder. “How about we sit in the dining room? So we can have some privacy?”
“I really need to go.” Ian checked his watch. “She needs-” He pursed his lips.
Angry, Billy glared at his father. “Why’re we always in the dark? We’re old enough to handle it!”
Ian stepped back. The fury from his middle child was a shock. “Billy, I’ll tell you everything soon. Mom just wants to… know more before we explain.”
“Is Mom gonna die?” Pete toyed with his bottom lip as tears filled his eyes.
Those words made Ian falter. He didn’t realize his boys were so scared. “Let’s go outside.” He turned to Ash. “I’m sorry. I’ll talk to you when I can.”
Ash watched them go outside. Then he headed to the kitchen. Michelle worked silently. He wrapped his arms around her from behind. “Need help?”
“I’m fine.” She leaned back and smiled. “You did have chicken, so I’m making Chicken Alfredo.” She pulled away from him. “The sauce is going to burn.” With a wooden spoon, she stirred the thick white sauce. “I can’t believe you had everything I needed.”
With a grin, Ash peeked into the wide saucepan. “You’re the one who took me food shopping.”
“True.” She glanced back at him. “Next time we go to Publix, can we get some type of fish?”
Ash licked his lips. “How about crab legs? I love those.”
“Sounds awesome!” She rarely had them because of the cost. “We’ll need a big pot to steam them.”
“I’m sure we have something.” Ash leaned his hip on the counter next to the stove. “You ever watch Deadliest Catch? Every time I do, I crave crab legs.”
Michelle blushed and smiled shyly. “I have. I may have a crush on Josh Harris… and Jacob Anderson.”
“Whoa!” Ash feigned heartache. “I have competition? I don’t know how to handle that.” He chuckled. “Maybe I’ll contact them and see if I can hook you up with them.”
She slapped his arm. “Don’t make fun of me.”
“I’m not.” He watched her season the chicken breasts she had on the grill pan for a few seconds. “I’m serious about contacting them if you want me to. I’m sure I could find a way.”
The front door suddenly slammed, and Ash rushed to the front of the house. Pete flew by him with tears on his cheeks. The young man ran upstairs without a word.
Next, Billy walked inside. Ash noticed the tears on his cheeks as well. He didn’t want to question Billy, though. With only a brief nod, Billy marched upstairs also.
Ash heard soft voices, but no words. He was sure the brothers were together. Whatever bombshell Ian had dropped, it was worse than Ash had expected. He hoped there was a solution to it.
Bryce stepped into the hall. “Was that Ian?”
“Yeah, he’s gone already.” Ash sighed. “I know he’s an emotional wreck and can barely speak, but normally we have each other’s backs. Why’s he hiding what’s going on?”
Unable to meet his friend’s eyes, Bryce stared at the wall. “He’s completely overwhelmed. His mind is a mess. We talked a few times.” He put up a hand. “Don’t get mad. He came to me because I get how he feels about Sherry. I was married. I loved Vanessa.”
That explained a lot. “And I wouldn’t understand that. That’s true, well it was.” Ash smiled as Michelle’s image came to mind. “I’m not in as deep as Ian, though. He needs the emotional support from you. I get it.”
Bryce nodded. “Sherry’s sick.” He checked to make sure that no one could hear them. “The surgery might save her, but they’re not sure yet.”
“Wow.” A wave of fear washed over Ash. What if it was Michelle? He took a deep breath. That meant Ian was going through some seriously heavy shit. No wonder he can’t talk to us. He was sure he could only confide in Bryce about something that huge. “We’ll be there for him, as much as we can.”
“The boys hungry?” Michelle asked when Ash entered the kitchen again.
Ash shook his head. “They’re upset. Ian told them something. I’m not gonna push them right now.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Leo parked his Ferrari near the stand alone jewelry store on State Road 60, Friday afternoon. It had been his plan B. He turned off the engine and stepped out into the bright Florida sunlight. “We shoulda did this at night.”
“I wanted her to be at work.” Ash closed his door. They had already tried the mall across the road and were mobbed by young fans.
The parking lot was not as empty as Ash had expected. I should’ve listened to Bryce. Their vocalist was the smart one. Bryce had suggested he order something online. Ash wanted to see his choice up close and personal. It meant a lot to him.
The last four days had been the best of his life. Michelle had stayed with him at the beach house the entire time. She had helped him keep Ian’s boys busy so they didn’t think too much about their mother.
Ash still hadn’t found out anything new. It was obvious that the boys didn’t know much more than him. He didn’t breathe a word to Reggie or Leo, although he wished he could.
“What’s a promise ring, anyway?” Leo didn’t understand why his bandmates continued to get into relationships. He couldn’t imagine any of them would last.
Ash sighed as they walked to the entrance. “It’s kinda like a promise to get engaged, but I want to give it to her to show her I’ll be faithful on tour.”
“You plan on jackin’ it the whole tour?” Leo laughed as he opened the door. “You’ll never make it. Too much willing pussy available.”
He’s so shallow. Ash shook his head. “I don’t want anyone but her. One day… maybe a long time from now… you’ll get it.”
“Never.” Leo didn’t plan to ever settle down. He liked his sex life just how it was, plentiful.
They found that location had a wider selection than they could have ever dreamed of at a mall store. Ash didn’t know where to start. Unlike his bandmates, he didn’t wear high-end jewelry. He liked silver. His eyes moved over several display cases, completely overwhelmed.
“Can I help you?” The male sales clerk let his eyes roam over the two handsome men. They lingered over Leo a bit longer. He would look good in my bed.
Ash cleared his throat. “Uh… I want to buy a promise ring for my girlfriend.”
The clerk cocked an eyebrow. “Not an engagement ring?”
“Nah, not ready for that, but I want her to know I’ll be faithful on the—uh, the trip we’re going on.” Ash closed his eyes for a few seconds.
Leo chuckled. “Good save, man.”
They looked at many rings, but none appealed to Ash. They weren’t her, mostly too extravagant. He knew she liked simple, but he couldn’t go too simple. Even the diamonds felt wrong.
The man scrutinized Ash and Leo a bit more. They seemed to be normal guys, so he didn’t expect them to spend much. He wanted to ask for the budget for the ring. Then he noticed Leo’s very expensive watch. His eyes landed on Ash’s boots. OK, maybe they’re not poor.
“Nothing gaudy… but not cheap either.” Ash leaned on the counter. “I want her to think of me when she looks at it.”
“I have just the thing.”
Ash stared at the silver open heart ring, with two different stones, with a smile. Then he saw the price tag. “No, that one’s too cheap.”
“Ya know she’d love it.” Leo laughed. “She’d hate something too expensive.”
The clerk quickly explained, “You have the choice of metals. We have 14karat white gold if that’s more your style.”
“Yeah, I like that.” Ash felt even better about the ring. “Why are there two stones?”
“One would be her birthstone, and one would be yours. Then you engrave the names on the sides.”
Ash grinned widely. “Can I put a message inside too?”
“Sure you can. Just make it short so it can be easily read.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Leo shook his head as they stood in Ash’s favorite tattoo shop, Hotbox, which was a few miles east of the mall. He leaned over Jet, the tattoo artist’s shoulder and stared at Ash’s right hand. “Why there?”
“So when I’m jacking off, I’ll see her name.” He admired the script letters of Michelle’s name on the web between his thumb and index finger of his right hand.
With a frown, Leo pointed to Ash’s other hand. “Then why your left hand, too?”
“In case this one,” he pointed his right hand, “gets tired.” He winked. “She can’t come on tour with us.” He winced while the middle of her name was worked on.
Leo couldn’t believe it. “You know that’s permanent, right?”
“I’m sure about this.” Ash couldn’t believe it, but he was ready for more of a commitment. “Just have to hide it from her for a while.” The ring he had purchased wouldn’t be ready for two weeks.
“She’s gonna see it before the ring is ready.”
Ash groaned. “Damn. You’re right.” He glanced at his hands. “Maybe I could tell her I got stitches… Uh… cut myself on…”
“Your dick?” Leo cracked up laughing. “Dude, she’s gonna wanna look at them.”
After a few minutes of thought, Ash suggested, “Rope burns?”
“More of your hand would be injured.” Leo tapped his chin. “Hmmm… We could tell her it was my fault. Sword fight, or maybe your snake bit you, or my dog?”
Ash didn’t know if any of those ideas would fly. “Would I need a bandage that long?”
“What about wrist braces?” Jet added. “You can say you fell and put your hands out to stop your fall.”
That sounded promising. Ash nodded. “Could work.”
Jet wiped Ash’s right hand then pulled back. “OK gimme your other hand.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“What happened?” Michelle stared wide eyed when Ash came home that evening. She gently lifted his right hand, which was encased in a brace almost to mid forearm.
Ash smiled. “I’m OK. I just sprained them.” He waved his left arm in the air. “Just a few weeks.” He had realized too late how dumb it was to get the tattoos almost three weeks before he planned to give her the ring. “It’ll be off before the tour.”
“Good.” She hugged him around the waist. “I can’t wait to hear you play at 98Rockfest.”
He kissed her forehead. “I hope you’ll come out to Orlando, too. Earthday Birthday is just as awesome.”
“I think I can figure something out.” She didn’t want him to leave, but she knew he had to. Music was his career. “As long as I have a good view.”
His lips made their way to hers. “I can arrange that.” It wasn’t easy to hold her with the braces. He debated if he should just admit what he had done. The area was quite sensitive. Good thing Jet thought of putting gauze pads over the tats.
“Why don’t you go check on the kids?” She glanced toward the kitchen. “Bryce is outside cooking steaks.”
Ash cocked an eyebrow. “I thought we were having crab legs for dinner?”
“We are.” She grinned. “And steaks.” She didn’t think it was necessary to mention the rice and vegetable mixture she had in a skillet.
After another kiss to her lips, Ash went in search of the kids. It took a while, but he found them upstairs in the game room. They had multiple consoles and televisions so they could play against each other.
He missed the good old days when there were multi-player games. Things had changed a lot in the past 15 years. He stepped into the room and smiled. All four played a Lego Star Wars game.
He sat in a recliner and watched them for a few minutes. Then his mind wandered. The conversation with Bryce about Sherry came back to him. A few nights ago, he, Leo, and Bryce had spoken to Ian.
Although Ian didn’t like that Bryce had spilled the beans somewhat, he was grateful for his bandmates support. They needed to band together to get through it.
Ash’s eyes moved to the television. The older boys were a bit protective of the younger ones. They didn’t play violent games unless the young ones were not there. Ash was glad Vanessa had finally started to trust Bryce with the kids. He knew it was partly because he was there as well.
“Hey, Uncle Ash,” Pete said when he noticed Ash in the room. “Wanna play?”
Ash shook his head. “Nah, just watching you guys.”
He smiled at how odd the characters looked in Lego form. They fell apart when killed. It was a lot less graphic than the games he normally played with the older boys.
Call of Duty and Assassin’s Creed were the most common. He couldn’t wait for the latest Assassin’s Creed, which would be released in a few weeks. They had a PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on the bus, so he knew he’d get to play it on tour if they ran out of time at home.
His mind drifted back to the boys. Ian had sent him a message about Sherry’s surgery that day, but it was just to let them all know she had made it through. He didn’t think it was life threatening, but he had no details. Ian tried to tell him some things a few times, but couldn’t stop crying.
Ash had told him they didn’t need details unless he wanted to give them. Since he knew Sherry quite well, he knew that she was a very private person when it came to certain things.
“Dinner’s ready!” Bryce bellowed from the foot of the stairs.
Ash got to his feet and waited until the younger ones rushed out of the room. He blocked the door and glanced at Billy. “How’re you doing today?”
Billy shrugged “Kinda confused. Mom’s surgery went good. Dad said we might be able to see her tomorrow. She’s too tired today. He said she’s sleeping.” He paused. “Why doesn’t he want us there? Is it worse than he said?”
“Wish I could tell ya, buddy.” Ash pulled both boys into an embrace. “We’ll get through this as a family.”
Pete looked up at Ash when he let go. “Can we have a party?”
“This is not the time for a party,” Billy growled. “Mom’s sick.”
With a sad expression, Pete explained, “Not something wild. Just a few of our friends, to celebrate my birthday. Isn’t 16 a big deal?”
“I’m so sorry.” Ash smiled wide. “Happy birthday, Pete. With all this shit going on, I forgot.” He hated to lie, but it was for good reason.
Pete shrugged. “It’s OK. Mom didn’t forget. She sent me a text from her phone.” He gave Ash a pleading look. “Please?”
“I need to ask Uncle Bryce, but I can’t see why not.” Ash wanted the boys to live as normally as possible. “You OK with that, Billy?”
Billy sighed. “You’re only 16 once.” His parents had let him throw a huge party for his 16th birthday almost two years ago. He just didn’t want to party with his mother in the hospital. “Can we keep it small, out of respect for Mom?”
“I only want to invite a few people.” Pete just didn’t want his birthday ignored. “Maybe 10?”
Ash smiled. “Sounds like a good number. Let’s go eat before Bryce eats all the crab.”
He led the way downstairs. When he stepped into the kitchen, he breathed in deeply.
“Smells like the beach in here.” Ash snickered and sat next to Michelle. “These things are worth all the work to get inside.” He snagged a nice cluster and snapped off the claw. “Perfect.” He sucked the succulent meat into his mouth. “Next time we’ll get king crab at Sam’s Club.”
“You should try the steak,” Michelle urged him. “Bryce cooked it perfectly.” She winked. “Bloody and tender.”
Bryce laughed. “Glad you’re not like Vanessa. She insists on fully cooked meat. Bloody is good.”
“Maybe we should come here for dinner every night.” Nicky pointed his fork at his father. “She burns everything. I miss your cooking.”
Angie glared at her brother. “I’m telling Mom.”
“Go ahead.” Nicky laughed. “She knows she’s a bad cook. That’s why we eat out so much.”
Bryce almost laughed, but he couldn’t belittle his ex-wife like that. “Don’t insult your mother’s cooking. She just needs a few lessons.”
“Dude, I wouldn’t eat her food,” Ash admitted. “Blackened chicken is not supposed to be black under the skin.”
Unable to hold back, Bryce burst out laughing. Her experiments always went wrong. “Maybe I should hire a cook for her.”
“Please.” Nicky had gone without dinner a few times after he’d tasted something his mother had butchered. He’d then waited for her to be busy and snuck something from the pantry. “Or teach Mom to cook like you.”
Ash shook his head. “Enough about your mother’s cooking.” He pointed a crab leg at Nicky. “Eat.” He cracked that one open and carefully pulled the meat out. “Almost got it all.” It wasn’t easy to slide it all out at once. He reached over and dipped it in Michelle’s butter dish.
“Hey!” She shook a finger at him. “I thought you said you didn’t want butter.”
He winked. “Only yours.” He kissed her lips and whispered, “When these guys are in bed, you’re all mine.”
“What about your wrists?” She didn’t want him to hurt himself.
Ash’s eyes lit up. “Guess you’ll have to help me. My legs work just fine.”
“Sounds like a plan.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

The seven of them gathered in the family room to watch a movie after dinner. Ash had an arm around Michelle’s shoulders, but he couldn’t toy with her hair like usual.
The braces had already become annoying. He held her arm and smiled. With any other woman he had dated, there were no movie nights or dinners with the kids. He didn’t do cuddling or professions of feelings.
Michelle was more than just a lover, more than his girlfriend. He could see their future as a couple. He was able to imagine marrying her one day. They might even have children, when they were ready. It no longer scared him.
“Who’s that?” Michelle asked when the doorbell rang.
Ash shrugged. “No clue.”
“Stay right here and rest.” She worried he was hurt more than he had admitted. After a kiss on his cheek, she stood and walked to the front door. “Wow! Hi! What’re you doing here?”
Leo grinned. “I heard we have a 16-year-old in our family today.” He waved at Victor, who stood next to him. They usually called him Vic. “Thought we’d bring a party over.”
“Hi, Michelle.” Victor was sure Michelle didn’t know exactly who he was. “We brought presents and mudslide mix.”
Michelle laughed. She knew Victor was one of Leo’s friends. “Sounds like fun. Bryce bought a cake, but don’t say anything about it yet. He thinks we all forgot.” An engine sound made her peer past the duo. “Isn’t that Reggie’s truck?”
“Yep.” Leo smirked. “Told him to come party with us.”
Ash was surprised when he heard multiple voices move toward the room. When Leo, Vic, and Reggie appeared behind Michelle, his eyebrows rose. “Hey. Whatcha doin’ here?”
“Bored and wanted to hang out with you losers.” Leo winked at Pete. “What’s on the TV?”
Pete was glad to see the visitors. “Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb.”
Leo sat on the floor. “I love those movies, especially the monkey.” He tugged Vic’s hand. “Come on. Sit.”
Confused, Michelle watched Leo and Vic, sure she had imagined the intimate contact. Instead of asking about it, she went to the kitchen to get more drinks and popcorn. It wasn’t her business what Leo did.
By the time she came back, she had lost her seat to Reggie. When she had set the drinks and popcorn on the table, Ash pulled her onto his lap.
“I like this better,” Ash whispered in her ear. “If something pokes you, just stay quiet.”
She shook her head. “Don’t you dare.”
“Just kidding.” He would never make a move in front of the children. His arms wrapped around her waist. “Relax.”
When the movie ended, Michelle and Bryce jumped up and rushed to the kitchen. They worked together to get the cake ready and the table set up.
“Pete, can you help me?” She giggled softly when he had said he was on his way.
“Whoa!” Pete stepped back when the lights went out in the kitchen, and he saw the lit candles. “You guys didn’t forget?”
Ash slapped him on the back. “Nope.”
“How’d you find a cake like that?” Pete stared at the cake shaped like a corvette, the very car he wished his father would buy him for his birthday. He knew that was a pipe dream, since his father was too practical to give into it. “It’s awesome!”
Bryce grinned. “Had it custom made. Glad you like it.”
“I love it!” Pete pulled out his phone and snapped a picture. “Going on Instagram!”
The candles were blown out, cake cut, and served within minutes. After Pete had opened a gift from everyone, including his parents, the entire group watched another movie. The younger kids crashed halfway through it. Pete and Billy took it upon themselves to bring the children upstairs and head to bed. That left the adults to talk.
“Let’s go outside,” Leo suggested.
Bryce nodded. “Good idea. Just gotta clean up first.”
When the dishes were in the dishwasher, Michelle walked outside and froze. She stared at Leo and Vic. Their lips were locked. She had seen Leo with enough women to know he was attracted to them. That fact made what was before her eyes even more confusing. She quietly went back inside.
“What’s up?” Ash knew something had freaked her out.
She wasn’t sure what to say. “Uh, look outside.” When he came back, she asked, “Is Leo gay?”
Ash sighed. “He’s an equal opportunity kisser.” He chuckled and met her eyes. “It’s really a long story. Not sure he wants me to tell it.”
“OK.” She didn’t want to pry into Leo’s personal life.
Her expression told Ash she felt left out. He leaned down and whispered, “I’ll explain when they leave.”
“Just kind of a shock.”
He pulled her close. “If that’s a shock, you don’t wanna know the kinds of things that go on backstage.”
“Maybe not.” She didn’t want to imagine it. “Have you… been with a man?”
That was not something he ever expected her to ask. “You mean as in fuck one?”
“Um, I guess I mean in any way.”
He swallowed hard. “Would that bother you?”
“I don’t think so.” She knew by his body language that he had done something with a man. “Do you not want to tell me?”
He glanced around. No one was close by. “When I was drunk, a male groupie sucked my dick, and I came.” He took a deep breath. “Because of that, I thought maybe I was bi, so I tried… I tried fooling around when I was sober. I couldn’t do it. He kissed me, and I freaked out. Never tried it again.”
“At least now you know you don’t like it.” She was relieved that he was straight. Since she was so inexperienced, she wasn’t sure how she would handle if he were bisexual. “Is there anything else you haven’t tried that you want to?”
After a bit of thought, he replied, “You’ll think I’m a freak.”
“I won’t.” She moved closer to him and wrapped her arms around his middle. “Just tell me.”
He placed his forearms on her shoulders and leaned down. “Anal play.”
“We did that.” She was still shocked that she had liked it.
His lips brushed her ear slightly. “No, on me. Leo told me a few things, and I’m really curious.”
It took her at least a minute for that to sink in. “You want me to do it or a guy?” She was a bit confused.
“You.” He let out a chuckle. “Unless that’s too weird for you.”
She buried her face in his shoulder. “I can try.”
“That’s all I can ask.”
None of his girlfriends had explored his body fully. He wanted to share that with only Michelle. With a smile, he cradled her head and kissed her forehead.
“Let’s go outside.” Once the others had joined them, they sat at a table together. Ash tapped the table. “Here’s the deal. Pete wants to invite some friends over for a birthday party tomorrow night. I told him I had to talk to Bryce about it, but I think we should all discuss it, since Ian is busy at the hospital.”
Leo raised a finger. “I think it’s a great idea. Sixteen is a big deal. His brother had a huge party, so why shouldn’t he?”
“True.” Bryce leaned back. “It might help the boys let their fear go for a night.”
Michelle quietly cleared her throat. “I know I’m an outsider, but if there’s enough chaperones, it would be a night of good clean fun. They need that with all that’s going on at home.”
“Wait.” Leo resisted the urge to sit up. “You meant a straight edge party? They’re teenagers. Sweet sixteen is when most kids have their first drink or lose their virginity.”
Reggie burst into laughter. “That’s prom, dude.”
“Oh right.” Leo tapped his chin. “Skipped that, too. Not sure what happens at a teenager’s birthday party.”
Bryce rolled his eyes. “You been to a ton of sweet sixteen parties. Mine in particular.”
“Yeah, that’s where I had my first threesome.” Leo winked. “Seventeen-year-old twins, in your bedroom.”
Ash laughed. “In your dreams.” He pointed a thumb at Leo and turned to Michelle. “When he was fifteen, he was a skinny-ass awkward kid. Don’t listen to him.”
“Not anymore.” Leo flexed his biceps. “I work out two hours every day, minimum. Check these babies out, Michelle.” He lifted his shirt to show off his toned abs. “Everything about me is bigger than your boyfriend.”
“Except your height,” Ash replied. “You used to be a cute little thing.”
Leo hoped the conversation didn’t swing the way he was afraid. He smirked to cover his worry. “I still am cute. That’s why the ladies can’t resist me.”
“And the men,” Vic mumbled.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“You up for this?” Ash laid on the king-sized bed, freshly showered and naked.
Michelle pinned up her hair and climbed onto the bed. “I think so.” She was finally completely comfortable in her birthday suit around him. “How do I start?”
“However you want to.” He bent his knees, nervous. “If I ask you to stop…”
She placed a hand on his thigh. “I will.” Her eyes moved to the recently cleaned toys he had set out on a towel. “Which one of those do you want me to try first?”
“Not sure if I can handle any of them.”
His legs shook. Maybe we should forget about this. He watched her examine all the toys. Then his heart beat faster as she crawled toward him.
Her breasts swung freely, and her eyes stayed on his crotch. She looked hungry for him. His eyes followed her until she stopped, hands on either side of his hips. Why’s she just staring at me?
Although she pretended to be calm, inside she was on the verge of an anxiety attack. She wanted the experience to be good for him, the way he had made every new one good for her. Her hip touched his inner thigh, and she felt the tremble.
The roles were reversed in a way. He was the one unsure what things would be like. She closed her eyes and recalled every moment of anal play they had shared. It gave her some confidence.
To make him more comfortable, she dragged her tongue down his shaft and up again. Then she teased the tip and let her tongue run over the rim. He moaned in pleasure.
Since he allowed her full control, her confidence built. There were many parts of his body she had yet to explore. Perfect time to take advantage of him. She almost giggled.
Her tongue ran down his length then moved to his hip. He flinched, and she looked up. “You all right?”
“Uh… what’re you doing?” He wasn’t used to her mouth in unusual places.
She smirked. “Testing a theory.” She had read about super sensitive areas on a man’s body.
“Are you gonna tease me for the next hour?”
Her mind came up with a few more ideas. “Now it's my turn to have free rein over your body. So you’ll just have to wait and see. Should I blindfold you?”
“No.” He closed his eyes. “I’m just not used to being the one waiting, I guess.”
He sucked in a breath through his teeth when she licked his hip again. The urge to force her onto her back was great, but he resisted. Soft kisses over his hip bones made him shiver.
No woman had ever treated him to such torture. Her tongue swept over both sides again before it moved up. He clenched the pillow behind his head in his hands. He didn’t know how else to deal with the extreme pleasure.
It wasn’t the same as sex or oral. It was a different sensation, but felt too good to stop. He craved more, yet he wanted her pussy wrapped around his dick. It confused the hell out of him.
She knew he was going crazy. What she had read was right. Her tongue dipped into his navel for a few seconds, and he squirmed. Slowly, she dragged it up his body. His ribs were even more sensitive.
His gasps made her want to search for all his triggers. When she finally reached his nipples, she paused and looked at the rings. Only a few times had she touched them. She had been afraid she would hurt him. Carefully, she let her tongue move them. He stiffened and whimpered.
“Michelle…” He moaned as she sucked the right ring and his nipple into her mouth. She tugged slightly, and his pelvis lifted. “Fuck me… Please!” he cried out when she switched sides. She toyed with the ring in her mouth, and pleasure shot through his entire body. “Damn!”
Encouraged, she sucked harder. His hips pumped up. She almost forgot her plan and straddled his waist. Then she remembered what he really wanted. She let his nipple go and crawled up his body some more.
His collarbone was her next destination. The tongue lashing got an instant reaction. Then she did the same to his neck. She knew the back was more sensitive, but she had to work with what she could reach.
Ash punched the bed in an effort not to stop her. Between her mouth, and brief swipes of her body over his, he was on the verge of giving up.
Her lips moved up his neck and to his ear. His eyes rolled back as she sucked his lobe into her mouth. She played with his earrings, which made it even worse. Maybe I should get a tongue ring and torture her.
Suddenly, she lifted off him. He kept his eyes closed, since his whole body still twitched. The bed moved a bit and anxiety built. Is she gonna shove something in my ass?
His worry was for nothing. Her lips moved over the head of his dick for a few seconds. He gripped the sheet beneath him. His hips lifted of their own accord.
Obviously, he wanted more. She was willing to give that to him. After a bit more teasing, she slid down and sucked his full length down her throat. He groaned loudly. Then she pulled back and licked her way down. She grasped his shaft and moved her mouth over his sac. His whimper almost made her stop, but she didn’t. 
Eyes still closed, Ash pulled at the sheet, which was difficult with the braces on. Her tongue swiped his balls a few times. Then it dipped beneath them. He shivered. The area was quite sensitive. His entire body tensed when he felt her go lower.
With tentative licks, she explored the area. He tried to let the fear go. It wasn’t easy. Suddenly, his eyes rolled back, and he groaned loudly. What the fuck was that? His back arched as he was consumed with pleasure.
Michelle smiled when he pushed up into her mouth. His reaction was close to hers when he ate her out. She rimmed the puckered skin slowly as she stroked his erection at the same time. With her free hand, she grabbed the bottle of lubricant and then a butt plug. As he had done to her, she coated a finger with lube and slowly pushed it into him.
“Wait!” He panted hard.
She looked up. “Does it hurt?”
“Um, not exactly, but… maybe…” He was afraid it would hurt eventually. “Never mind. Just do it.” He strained not to clench when she let her finger sink in fully. “I’m OK.” The words were more for himself than her. He flinched when she withdrew. “Um… so…” His eyes opened wide when something else slipped inside him. “What is that?”
It shocked her that she was turned on by playing with him in that way. She didn’t respond to him. Instead, she turned on the vibration and straddled his waist. Without another thought, she sank down on his length to the root.
“Fuck!” Ash cried out.
The multiple sensations overwhelmed him. Inside him, the plug stimulated his prostate constantly. Her quick hip movements drove him out of his mind. She continually tensed within on purpose. He let the sheet go and ran his fingers up her thighs. Then he gripped them hard.
“Michelle… Michelle… I can’t hold it back.” He groaned loudly as his balls exploded. Several spurts filled her body, while he writhed beneath her. When it was over, she still bounced on him. “How?” His dick was still hard as a rock.
She didn’t care how. All she cared about was she was able to continue to get hers. Hands braced around his arms, she rocked back and forth until she found the spot she needed to hit. As soon as she found it, she closed her eyes and concentrated. It was the first time she rode him other than in the pool. She didn’t expect to enjoy it that much.
A bit confused, he held her breasts as she rode him hard. His body continually shuddered in pleasure. The butt plug was more amazing than Leo had told him. He had no idea an orgasm could continue long after his ejaculation had ended.
Her constant rhythm made him feel like he could do it again. It made no sense. The random squeezes of his dick made his head go back.
Her body suddenly seized. “Ash!” She ground down and cried out again.
In complete shock, Ash held her hips down and sighed as he came again. “How do you do this to me?” He shuddered. “I love you, Michelle.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

After Ian had picked up his kids mid-morning the next day, Ash and Michelle headed to Publix to shop for the party. The Apollo Beach location was familiar to him, and he was rarely accosted by fans.
Once in the store, he pulled up the shopping list on his phone. He and Michelle had put it together about an hour ago. Bryce added to it some, so they had quite a lot to get.
As Michelle pushed a cart, she followed him. He seemed to know what aisle to go to for everything. “Guess you’ve been here quite a few times.”
“Yep.” He tossed several bags of chips into the cart. “Sometimes I just have them shop for me, and I pick it up. The manager understands that things are complicated for me.”
She nodded as they scanned the soda display. “That’s nice of them.”
As he debated how many bottles they would need, another thought came to mind. “You once mentioned a mentoring program. I think it’s a great idea.” He set two bottles of Mountain Dew into the cart. “We should find out how many would be interested.”
“I could contact East Bay if you’d like.”
That was the local high school. Ash, Bryce, Reggie, and Leo had gone there together. Ash smiled. “Good idea. Can you also find out if they need anything for the music department?”
“Sure.” Michelle smiled at him. He was quite generous. She had no idea just how much he made as a musician, but it seemed to pay very well. “Did you choose a family for your trailer to go to?” She hadn’t been to her place since Monday.
He glanced at her. “Yeah. We moved the trailer to a park on 301, and they moved in yesterday.” He tugged her against him. “How about we move your trailer, too? That place can be a bit creepy… and sometimes a bit sketchy.”
“I can’t afford it, though.” She knew it was an excuse, since he had paid off all of her debt. “Maybe one day I’ll be able to.”
He stole a kiss then stared into her eyes. “I worry about you when you’re home alone. The guys over there aren’t the standup kind. I’m sure a few of them would like to get their hands on you.”
“I avoid most of them.” She did feel a bit nervous when she spoke to any of her neighbors.
They were silent for a while as they walked through the store. It was somewhat crowded with weekend shoppers. The cart was half full by the time they moved on to the produce aisle.
Ash normally stuck to simple fruits and vegetables. Michelle planned to make fruit salad and grill a few vegetables. Ash was smart, he asked Bryce what would work best, since most likely Bryce would man the grill.
“White or yellow corn?” Ash checked the sign. “Twelve might be too many.”
Michelle laughed. “Leo’s coming over. No way will we have leftovers.”
“True.”
She pointed at the right side. “Get the white ones. They’re sweeter.”
“Bryce said not to shuck them.” Ash peeked under the husk on one ear of corn. “I’m guessing that means don’t pull this stuff off.”
“Exactly.” She picked through the pile to get to the untouched ones. “I’ll teach you how to make twice baked potatoes, and maybe homemade fries.”
Ash smiled. “The kids’ll eat anything, so you don’t have to get fancy.”
“I like cooking.” She leaned back on him. “I don’t get to plan parties much.”
After they had gotten everything they needed in that aisle, they headed to the dairy dept. Ash checked his list, then put an arm around Michelle’s shoulders. “That mentoring program… I can get the guys to participate. Maybe we can get a basketball game going if we have enough kids. We can roll it out as soon as the tour is done.”
“Sounds perfect.” His generosity amazed her.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

About an hour before the guests were to arrive, Bryce, Ash, and Michelle worked in the kitchen on three separate projects. The younger kids had helped decorate the house, and the older ones had set up extra chairs outside.
The house looked ready for a party. One thing they hadn’t thought of was if the kids blabbed where they lived. Usually that wasn’t a problem, but if enough showed, it could be.
“Ash, I’m ready to make the potatoes.” Michelle called out.
He rushed back into the kitchen. “Cool.” He watched her dump cooked potatoes chunks into a large bowl. “What do we do first?”
“Use the mixer to mash these.” She had the rest of the potatoes in their skins on a platter.
With a smirk, he slid his arms under hers and grabbed the mixer handle. “Like this?”
“What’re you doing?” She giggled as he bumped her ass with his hips.
He leaned down and dragged his lips over her neck to her ear. “Helping you mix… potatoes.” He pressed his body to hers and licked her earlobe. “The fun way.”
“You two better not get it on in here.” Bryce shook a finger at them. “Seriously. The kids are right outside.”
Ash laughed. “We’ll save the big finale for after the kids all leave.” He let the mixer go and squeezed her breasts. “Appetizer.”
“Do you wanna learn how to do this or not?” She closed her eyes when he squeezed again. “Maybe we should take a break and go upstairs.”
Billy walked into the room and froze. “Whoa! Uncle Ash, we can’t fool around tonight, but you can?”
“Shit,” Ash muttered as he let her go. “I’m just joking with her.” He stepped back and followed Billy to the family room. “We’re serious about the rules tonight. No drugs, no alcohol, no nudity, no sex, no-”
With a roll of his eyes, Billy said, “Yes. We know. I agree with those rules. Pete don’t need to get messed up while Mom is still sick.”
Ash knew both boys had been rattled by their mother’s condition. “Do you wanna talk about that? You can vent to me.”
“Nah.” Billy didn’t like to talk about feelings. “It just sucks. She’s so frail, and she could barely hold my hand. She doesn’t look like my mom.”
“That’s why your dad asked for you guys to stay with me,” Ash explained. “He knew it would be hard on you boys to see her like that. Give her a few weeks. She’ll be back to her old self again.” Please make that be true. “I need to get back to cooking, but if you need me, let me know.”
Billy nodded. “I’m fine, but thanks.” He used the remote to turn on the television.
“I thought I was giving lessons today,” Michelle called out.
Ash smirked. “Coming, sweetness!” He rushed to the kitchen and slipped his arms under hers again. “I’m ready.”
“Are you really going to do it this way?” She glanced down at his hands.
He nipped her neck. “Yep, more fun.”
“We need to mix the potatoes, then add the other ingredients.” She moved the mixer into place again. “Just until there’s no chunks.” She held the bowl while he directed the blades around. “Make sure not to-” She squealed when potato pieces went flying. “Lift the mixer.”
Ash laughed at the mess on her shirt. “Sorry. I can clean that with my tongue.” His braces had potatoes all over them as well.
“Not here.” She pushed him back. “You finish this, and I’ll go change.”
Bryce walked in and growled, “What the hell? I just cleaned up.”
“Sorry.” Ash shrugged. “I didn’t know it would go all over.”
With a loud huff, Bryce waved Ash away. “I’ll do it. You go find bowls to put the chips in.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“Whee!” Angie shouted as she clung to Ash’s neck.
Ash swam as fast as he could with Angie’s weight pulling him. At least the braces didn’t impede him. He passed Michelle and winked. She had been confused when he jumped in the pool with them on. He wanted to take them off but still wanted to keep the healing tattoos a secret.
About 15 of Pete’s friends had shown up. He watched the group from the pool, while Leo and Bryce had posts on the patio. Most of the kids were in the pool with him. The others sat at tables they had set up.
Up until that point, the party had been quite sedate. Music played from the sound system. Chatter and laughter came from all directions. Even the food had gone over well. The kids there were used to who Ash and his bandmates were, so the atmosphere was relaxed. A few were in awe at first, but that didn’t last.
“Time for bed, guys,” Bryce announced at about ten. He waved to his children who were in the pool.
Ash lifted Angie up and set her on the patio next to the pool. “I’ll go swimming with you tomorrow. Promise.”
Once the younger kids were gone. Leo walked around the pool to Ash. “So now we can really party?” He crouched down. “Up the music a bit?”
With a serious expression, Ash replied, “Yes on the music, but we said no alcohol for anyone.”
“Party pooper.” Leo pouted.
Ash growled. “These are impressionable teenagers. We all need to act more adult, to set a good example.” He glanced at the bikini clad young ladies. “And do not hit on the girls, even if they prove they’re over 18. We do not need parents bustin’ down the door.”
That killed Leo’s mood a bit. He had already met someone’s older sister who was 19. “Even the really hot one over there?” He nodded her way.
“Yeah, her, too.” Ash sighed. “You can pick up chicks tomorrow if you want.”
Michelle swam over to them and wrapped her arms around Ash’s neck. “The kids are asking for you guys to play tonight.”
“Ian’s not here.” Leo frowned. “You guys can get all touchy feely, but I can’t hit on a nineteen-year-old?”
Ash laughed. “This is nothing.” He reached back under the water and grabbed her ass. “I’d never let the kids see the things I wanna do to her right now.”
“Did you boys invite more people?” Bryce stood at the rear door to the house. “Billy, the group at the gate say they’re your friends.”
Billy looked up. “No, sir.” He swam to the stairs and hurried to get a towel around his waist. “Should I tell them to leave?”
“No.” Bryce was a bit nervous, since they wanted a small party.
Sometime later, Ash found out that word had spread quickly that there was a party at a rock star’s house. Many of Billy’s high school friends had shown up. Bryce didn’t want to turn them away and then have other issues.
Since they needed more chaperones, Ash called Reggie and Matt. Both came over as soon as possible. The rest of their crew didn’t live in the area.
Around 11:00, Jacob stopped by. He was obviously exhausted. Ash didn’t pry, but he was sure he had spent most of the past few days taking care of his parents. Jacob had decided to take a break and celebrate his brother’s birthday. It was a great excuse.
“How about you play with us, Jacob?” Ash asked as he dried off his body. “Take your mind off things.” He slapped Jacob’s back and tilted his head to show that he knew things were difficult.
Jacob nodded. “I’d love that. It’ll help me chill out.”
“We’ll grab the kids.” Ash waved Bryce over. “Can you help Reggie and Leo get things set up?” When Jacob nodded again and walked away, Ash tugged Bryce toward the screen door. “We’re gonna play a few songs, but I saw some kids go outside.”
Bryce followed Ash outside and frowned when a familiar odor floated his way. “Someone didn’t listen to the rules.”
“I can smell that.” Ash hoped none of their neighbors noticed it. He groaned when he saw the kids with a joint by the rocks.
Sure that a gentle approach was best, Bryce walked up to the pair. “We asked for no drugs or alcohol.”
“Oh shit!” The weed was quickly thrown into the bay. “I’m sorry. We just wanted to relax.”
Bryce let out a long breath. “No more tonight. Promise me you’ll stay away from the hard stuff. I got myself in deep and regret every second of it.”
“We won’t, sir.”
Ash waited for Bryce to walk away with the teens. Then he searched the area for evidence of illegal substances. He didn’t find any. When he was inside the oversized screen enclosure again, he circled the patio to check on all the kids. Thankfully, things seemed fine.
When everything was set up, the crowd turned their chairs to the back of the house where the band stood. The volume on the amps and microphones were at a medium volume. Bryce leaned toward his mic and said, “You asked for it, so you’re getting a private show.”
They started off with “Just Outta Reach.” It had been a number one hit on the rock charts two years ago. Most of the kids knew the song and sang along. Next, they did “Captured My Soul.” It was also popular but more of a love song. Bryce had written it when he and Vanessa were doing well.
Jacob stepped into his father’s shoes easily. The music calmed him and cleared his mind. It was exactly what he needed. His little brothers’ proud smiles made it even better.
“That’s my brother,” Pete bragged to his friends.
Ash struggled to play at his normal level because of the braces. He had practiced a few times with them to make sure he could. It drove him nuts, but it would be worth it. After a fifth song, he waved a hand. “I can’t.”
Bryce nodded. “Looks like our bassist needs to rest his injured wrists.” He set his guitar in a stand. “Maybe we’ll play a few more when he feels better.”
Billy got to his feet. “How about me and my brothers play?” He walked over to the band. “Can we borrow your instruments?”
“Sure.” Bryce smiled at the excited teen.
Leo handed his sticks to Pete. “Careful with my babies.” He had many drum kits, but that one was his favorite.
“Um…” Jacob looked around. “We need a bassist.”
Billy’s friend, Rashad, stood up. “I’ll play!” He shook out his long dreadlocks and stopped in front of Ash. “If you don’t mind me borrowing your bass, Mr. Taylor.”
“Just Ash, man.” Ash laughed. “Show us what you got.” He took a seat next to Michelle and laid a hand over hers. “I hope they’re good.”
She smiled. “You know they are.”
“But I’ve never heard them with Rashad.” Ash relaxed and focused on the young group. “Ian’s boys could really make it one day if they try.”
Michelle turned when the music started. The boys were even better than usual. She had only heard them play acoustic, so the depth of their skill was somewhat muted. Her eyes moved to the young man on the bass. His hair flew around as he slapped the strings and moved all over the place. She didn’t recognize the song, though.
“Is this an original?” she asked Ash quietly.
Ash shrugged. “I don’t think so.” He listened for a few more bars. “It’s Trivium’s ‘Watch the World Burn.’ Guess they’re into harder music than we are.” He was surprised when they segued into “That Day” by Nonpoint. “I’m liking their choices.” Next, was “Unholy Confessions,” an older Avenged Sevenfold song. Obviously, the boys liked metal.
A girl from their high school yelled, “Billy, play ‘Arise the War Cry!’”
Billy smirked. He had a crush on her. That was a song he knew. After he had assessed that everyone else did as well, he began the intro. Jacob joined him immediately. He and his brothers had always been into heavy metal.
Even with their father in almost mainstream rock bands, they had all gravitated to harder music. Any time his older brother had visited, they had played together.
So far, they stuck to the songs they had done before as a group. Rashad had played with them a few times as well.
“Holy shit!” Ash was awed by the group of young men. He cheered with the others who listened. The amazing talent of the four boys couldn’t be denied. “We need to get these guys playing more often.”
He wasn’t sure if Michelle could hear him, but he couldn’t keep silent about it. Of all his bandmates, he had the most versatile taste in music, at least in the rock genre. He had dragged Bryce and Leo to metal shows, which they weren’t fond of.
Not many he knew would delve into that world. He owned every song the makeshift band had played so far. It was obvious to him that he would be the best one to help them take the next step.
When they had switched to “The Negative One” by Slipknot, Bryce made his way over to Ash and sat down as close as possible. “Did you know they were this good?”
Ash shook his head and leaned closer to Bryce. “No clue. We need to mentor them a bit and see if we can get them some gigs.”
“But who knows when Jacob’s going home.” Bryce frowned. “His kids are back in California I think.”
That was an obstacle. Ash tapped his thigh as he thought hard. “What if we give him a reason to move here? Like find a job for him? He needs to support his kids and music won’t do that until they get popular.” He had faith that the Tate boys could go very far in the music world. 

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

When the party had ended and the house was quiet again, Ash, Bryce and Michelle cleaned up outside. Ash was still excited about the boys. “What d’ ya think about having them open for us, maybe at 98Rockfest? They may be young but their future is definitely in music.”
Bryce tied a second garbage bag shut. “Not sure they’re ready for that.”
“They got it together,” Ash insisted. “How about we ask them?”
“Ian might be pissed if we don’t ask him first. Maybe we can get them to play at a club first. Battle of the bands or something. Remember, Billy might be graduating, but Pete still has two more years of high school left.”
Ash didn’t think that would be an issue. “You know Pete has a hard time in school anyway. He could get a GED.”
“If you even mention that to Ian, he’ll flip.” Bryce understood why. “He wants the boys to go to college.”
“Night school.” Ash thought that was obvious. “He doesn’t actually have to quit, just do his school work online.”
Michelle knew Ash meant well. “I’m sorry to butt in, but I can feel this is going to escalate.” She took a deep breath. “I think Ian wants his kids to have all the things he didn’t have as a kid. It couldn’t have been easy growing up on the road.” She didn’t know Ian well, but she had read and heard some about him. “Maybe this is something that should be discussed as a family, the whole family, though, the band, the kids, and Ian’s wife, too.”
“Your woman has a point.” Bryce winked. “She’s a keeper.”
Ash sighed. “That she is.” He decided to bring up something he had avoided for a week. “If Ian isn’t available for the tour, we could have Jacob fill in if worse comes to worst.” He was sure he was not the only one nervous, since Ian had not given them a straight answer about the tour, that started in three weeks.
“I didn’t think of that.” Bryce closed his eyes. “Holy shit! If Ian stays home, that might mess up a few things.”
After a deep breath, Ash replied, “We’ll figure it out.”
When they were done, Michelle and Ash headed upstairs. She smiled as she clutched his hand. Her life had become everything she had hoped for, minus the children. That would come, though. She was sure of it. “I need to go home some day this week to pick up my dress, in case I need to have it cleaned.”
“I don’t know why you won’t let me buy you a new one.” Ash knew the pre-kickoff party in Miami the next weekend would be wild and the women would all have on designer dresses. He didn’t want her to feel inferior.
She shook her head. “I only wore it once to a wedding. It’s red and sexy. I think you’ll love it.”
“Fine.” As soon as they were in the bedroom, he grabbed her other hand. “How about you move in with me? You’re never home anyway.” She hesitated, so he added, “My house goes to waste while I’m gone, and I hate when you’re not around. Please?”
She toyed with her bottom lip. “It’s too soon, and you’re staying at the beach house.”
“When we get back from the tour, I’ll be back home.” He stuck out his bottom lip. “Please?”
Michelle stepped toward him. “Maybe when you come home I’ll be ready.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

After work Thursday, Michelle went home to get her dress. She had also decided she would bring a few more things to the beach house, so she wasn’t limited.
Before she unlocked her door, she heard shouts from the next trailer. It wasn’t something new, but they escalated quickly. She was sure the fight had started long before she’d arrived. As quick as possible, she got inside.
That day, she had been outside, playing with the kids longer than usual. She was exhausted. I’ll lay down for just a minute. She kicked off her shoes and laid on her bed. It was not as comfortable as Ash’s, but she was too tired to care. Eyes closed, she tried to block out the screams that came from next door.
The police had been called on her neighbors more than once. She had never called, since she had always wanted to stay out of it. However, they had gotten quite loud many times. The wife had bruises on her arms and face often, but Michelle was afraid to get involved.
She was sure the abuse went both ways. At least once, she had seen the wife hit the husband with a frying pan. They also drank heavily. From what she knew, they made their own moonshine. Thankfully, she rarely had to interact with them.
A bang made her jump. Damn it! I fell asleep. Her phone went off, which wasn’t able to mask another loud bang. She answered quickly. “Hi, Ash. Sorry. I fell asleep.”
“I was getting worried.” Ash sighed with relief. “Are you coming home soon?” He heard something. “What was that?”
She walked to her closet. “Just the neighbors slamming doors or something. They’re absolutely crazy.”
“Yet another reason you should live with me.” He didn’t care how long they’d been together, he wanted her close all the time. “You could house sit for me.”
The pressure made her more nervous about it. “I just can’t, not yet.”
“So eventually?” He was hopeful.
She let out a laugh. “Yes, eventually.” She grabbed a duffel bag. “I need to get moving. Unless you want me to eat dinner here… alone.”
“Don’t you dare, woman.” He smiled. “I made you some awesome pizza that I put in this box here.”
Another laugh escaped her lips. “You did, huh? Is the kitchen a wreck?”
“Nah, I had Aaron use his kitchen.” He couldn’t help but laugh, too. “I hoped you would call while I was out there, so I could come by and help you.”
She frowned. “Sorry. I know I said I’d call when I got home. The psychos freaked me out a bit.”
“OK, then hurry up, before it gets cold.” He blew her a kiss. “I love you, sweetness.”
That made her smile widely. “I love you too, my bad boy.”
As soon as she had put her phone away, a gunshot was heard from outside. Her eyes opened wide as her mind froze. The second one made her dive for the floor. She rolled into a ball and covered her face.
Her heart pounded in her ears. She couldn’t think at all. Then a bullet came through the wall and into the closet door. She screamed, then crawled under the bed. As she cowered, she wished she had agreed to move in with Ash.
Sirens came next. As she hid, she lost track of time. More shots rang out. She was quite sure another one had hit her trailer. Then glass broke, and the noise outside became louder.
Oh my God! They’re coming in here. She stayed as quiet as she could. The footsteps never came.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Ash nervously checked the kitchen clock again. It had been more than an hour since he’d spoken to Michelle. She hadn’t replied to his texts or answered his calls. It wasn’t easy not to panic. He hadn’t said a word to Bryce, but he wasn’t sure how much longer he could hold it in.
“Did you see this?” Bryce shouted from the family room where he watched a local news channel alone. “Ash! You need to see this!”
Ash walked into the room. He couldn’t hold in his fear. “Michelle’s not home yet. Where the hell is she?”
His eyes drifted to the television. The location looked familiar. He listened as the reporter spoke of a domestic violence situation that had turned into a shootout, then a standoff in a trailer park.
They zoomed in on police with guns drawn outside a trailer. He was sure his eyes were playing tricks on him. No way is that Michelle’s car.
“Where is that?” Ash’s panic rose.
Bryce deadpanned, “In TA.” That was what locals called Tropical Acres, which was the section of Riverview Michelle lived in.
“Oh my fucking God!” Ash rushed to the kitchen and grabbed his keys. His heart pounded in his ears as he ran through the house. Their time together flashed before his eyes. “I can’t lose her.”
When he reached the all-way stop sign, he sucked in a shaky breath. Big Bend Road was blocked off by sheriff’s cars. Deputies directed traffic north, south, and west. He couldn’t see a way to get by them.
He glanced down Balm-Riverview Road. The back entrance was also blocked. He had to get to her and protect her.
Since he hadn’t moved as told, a deputy approached his car. “Sir, you need to move. The road is closed.”
“My girlfriend lives in there.” Ash swallowed at the deputy’s reaction. “She’s not answering her phone. I just need to see she’s OK.”
The deputy looked up at approaching flashing lights. “We can’t let you in until the gunman is caught. We have paramedics standing by.” He waved the ambulance toward the blocked street.
Ash craned his neck and saw a fire truck and a second ambulance in the church parking lot on the corner. That was only a slight relief. He leaned out of the open window. “I’m not leaving. Where can I park my car and wait?”
“Over there.” The deputy pointed toward the church. “I’ll let you past but don’t leave the parking lot. Got it?”
“Yes, sir.”
Minutes later, Ash paced outside his car as he imagined what Michelle was going through. Then the deputy’s words came back to him. Does he know something? Was she shot? He had seen bullet holes in a few trailers on television, but all of them looked alike to him.
Movement caught his eye. Several deputies escorted residents from the area by foot. An evacuation meant things were bad. He watched the people in the hope that one would be Michelle. None of them were. Most of them walked his way. From what he had heard, the church had opened their doors for anyone who needed shelter.
When someone familiar walked by, Ash grabbed his arm. “Did you see my girlfriend?”
“Michelle?”
Ash nodded. “Yes. She’s not answering her phone.”
“I hate to tell you, but her trailer’s in the middle of this. I heard her scream when bullets hit her place. I hope she’s OK.”
More terrified than ever, Ash nodded. “Thanks. I hope so, too.”
“We’ll get to her as soon as we can,” a paramedic assured him.
Ash hadn’t even realized that tears were falling down his cheeks. He was overwhelmed with emotion. If anything happened to her, he wasn’t sure what he would do. She was so deep in his soul that he would never be the same again.
He wiped away the tears and realized he had forgotten the braces. They didn’t matter, though. Especially not if he lost her. He stared at her name on his hands. She’ll never get to see them.
His phone vibrated in his pocket and hope rose. Then he saw it was Bryce. He must be worried. “I don’t know anything yet.”
“Do you want me to ask my dad if he has any connections in the Sheriff’s office?”
Ash shook his head as if Bryce could see him. “Nah, I got the gist from her neighbor.” He walked away from the others and looked to the sky. “Her… Her…” Tears stung his eyes. “Her trailer was hit. They don’t know if she’s OK yet.”
“She is.” Bryce had to stay positive for his best friend. He heard Ash sob. “I’ll be there in a few minutes. Billy and Pete are fine on their own.”
After he had sniffled and wiped his face on his shirt, Ash said, “There’s nothing you can do here.” He glanced around to make sure no one noticed his breakdown. “I’ll let you know if anything happens.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Still under the bed, Michelle cried, terrified. She heard deputies shout to each other. It sounded like they’d prepared for a battle with the gunman. From what she gathered, they surrounded the area, so there were quite a large number out there.
She had yelled for help many times, but no one seemed to hear. Fear had kept her from crawling to her phone. The gunfire was sporadic at that point, but it hadn’t stopped.
Blood dripped from a wound in her arm. Two of the bullets had hit her, but it was too dark to see how bad it was. Her entire body shook. More footsteps outside, as well as the silence, made her wonder if SWAT had finally arrived.
Internally, she begged them to help her, though she was too frightened to make a sound. Sudden shouts made her jump. Then she realized that could be her last day on earth.
She carefully crawled out and tugged her purse back under the bed with her. With the light of her phone, she saw the blood smeared on the floor. Don’t think of it. After she had hit the phone symbol next to Ash’s name, she closed her eyes.
“Sweetness, is it really you?” Ash gritted his teeth when there was no reply. “Michelle… Are you there? Please just say something.”
As quiet as possible, she whispered, “I’m hurt and scared.”
“I’m right here, sweetness. I’m not far away.” He swallowed back the sob that threatened. “As soon as they let me, I’ll come get you. I love you.”
She softly replied, “I love you, too.” She sniffled while tears fell. “If I don’t make it-”
“Don’t say that.” He couldn’t contain his fear any longer. “You’ll be fine.”
A sound outside her window spooked her. “Someone’s outside my window.” She buried the phone in her chest.
The silence terrified Ash. He rushed over to a paramedic. “My girlfriend called me. She’s hurt. You gotta help her.”
“Which trailer is she in?”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“I can walk just fine,” Michelle told the paramedic who had breached her trailer.
The standoff was finally over, and her gun wielding neighbor was in a body bag. His wife had survived, but she was also shot and in critical condition.
They had gotten to Michelle after the other two were taken away. She clung to the young man’s arm because fear still gripped her. When they walked outside, bright lights blinded her, and she stumbled. The paramedic swiftly lifted her into his arms.
Eyes closed, she didn’t see the holes in her trailer or the shambled mess that was left of her neighbor’s home. It was not something she wanted to see anyway. Voices came from everywhere, but she didn’t even peek. When she was set on a stretcher, she chanced a glimpse of her surroundings.
“I think your boyfriend is waiting for you near the church. Do you want to call him?”
She had left her phone under the bed. “I can’t. Ash must be furious that I didn’t call him again.”
“Ma’am, he’s just worried about you.” He was the same paramedic Ash had told about Michelle’s location. He had recognized Ash Taylor but had kept it to himself. “We’ll stop so he can see that you’re all right.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

Ash paced again. Three ambulances had left the area. He hadn’t realized they had that many available in Riverview. It was possible some had come from Brandon, though. Each had been waved down by a kind deputy to see if she was inside. No such luck.
He was going out of his mind with high anxiety. His brain had conjured up horrible images since he hadn’t heard from her again.
A panic attack was eminent if he didn’t calm down some. His heart sped up with each passing moment. If she wasn’t found soon, he would likely go insane.
Finally, the last ambulance made its way toward them. No lights worried him. That usually meant the person inside was deceased. He had noticed the pattern.
It slowed near the church then pulled into the parking lot. Maybe she doesn’t need an ambulance. When it stopped, he couldn’t help but run to it. The back door opened and a familiar face appeared.
“Did you find her?” Ash couldn’t quell the terror in his voice.
The paramedic nodded. “We have her bandaged up. She’s OK, for the most part. She’s been asking for you, though.”
Ash followed and just about cried when he saw that she was indeed alive. He bounded up the step and threw his arms around her. “I love you so much.”
“Ah.” Michelle winced.
He pulled back and stared at her left bicep. “He shot you?” Panic rose once again.
“Flesh wound,” the paramedic assured Ash. “Two bullets grazed her upper arm. She’ll be fine. I promise you. We just need to get her checked out in case we missed something.”
Ash kissed her lips and forehead as he held her face. “Can I go with you?”
“You may want to drive, so you have a way home.”
That made Ash realize he had his Mustang. “Right. I’m just so… I guess overwhelmed right now.” He kissed her lips again. “I’ll meet you there.”
His eyes went to his hands. She obviously hadn’t noticed that his braces were off.
“I need to call Bryce. He’s waiting for an update.” Another kiss then he pulled away. “You are my soul. I’d die without you.” Those were lyrics from his latest ballad to her, but they were never more true than that day. “I promise I’ll be there soon.”
Tears fell down Michelle’s cheeks. “I love you, too.”
As soon as Ash had walked away from the ambulance, he called Bryce. “She’s safe, but on her way to the hospital.” A new hospital had recently opened up near Reggie’s house. He had been told that was where she would be taken. “I hate to ask, but can you bring my wrist braces? I don’t want to ruin the plan I have to show them to her.”
“Sure.” Bryce heard the relief in Ash’s voice. “The boys’ll be fine for an hour or so.”
Ash sighed. “Yeah, I’m gonna get moving.” He ended the call and ran over to the nearest deputy. “Do you know when I can go in to get things from my girlfriend’s place?”
“A few hours, CSI guys need to get in there first.”
“Thanks.”
Still a bit nervous, Ash hurried back to his car and headed to the hospital. When he had parked near the Emergency Room, he checked his phone. There was a text from Reggie and several from Leo.
He replied to them both that Michelle was safe and not hurt badly. Then he got out and walked quickly to the entrance. Just as he opened the door, he heard Bryce’s truck.
“What’d you do, race here?” Ash laughed when Bryce jogged to him as he held his wrist braces.
Bryce sucked in a few breaths. “Kinda. Is she really OK?”
“The paramedic said she was.” Ash fought the tears. He couldn’t believe it was over. “Two bullets grazed her arm. They just wanna check her out here.” He took the braces and put them on. “I’ll say you’re my brother.” Minutes later they were at room 12. With shaky hands, he slid the door open. “Hey, sweetness.” He forced a warm smile. “They put you in a gown?”
Michelle turned to the voice slowly. She was on painkillers. “Uh, yeah. My clothes were bloody.”
He sighed. “I didn’t think of that.”
“I did. There’s a bag in the car, just in case.” Bryce stepped into the room. “Hope it’s OK I’m here.”
Michelle waved at him. “Sure. Come on in.” She sat up and winced when she put pressure on her left arm.
“Let me help you.” Ash supported her as she got comfortable. “Did they do any tests or scans yet?”
She nodded. “A few. No results yet.”
“Do you have pain anywhere else?” Ash casually looked her over for signs of another injury. Her slight head shake assured him. “OK good.” He slowly brushed the hair from her face and kissed her forehead. “How about I get you a drink and some dinner?”
Bryce leaned over the bed and kissed her forehead. “I’ll go. You two need time alone.”
When they were alone, Ash sat on Michelle’s right side and cradled her in his arms as he leaned his head on hers. “We can’t go through that again. Please move in with me. We could make the guest bedroom up for you, so you have your own space if you need it.”
She knew she couldn’t go back to her trailer after that insanity. “OK.”
“Thank God.” He carefully squeezed her. “I can’t lose you.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

About ten that night, Ash had gotten a call that the crime scene, formally known as Michelle’s trailer, had been released. He had wanted to pack her things while she slept, but she had woken up screaming from a nightmare. Bryce and the Tate brothers had already been to her house and back.
“We got everything.” Bryce said as he walked into Ash’s bedroom since the door was open. He found Michelle tucked in and Ash fiddling with the television. “I had the boys help me stack all the boxes in the dining room for now. You can go through it when you feel better.”
Michelle looked up. “Did you empty the refrigerator?” She imagined it held some spoiled food.
“I put the good stuff in our fridge and tossed the rest.” Bryce moved closer to the bed. “We emptied the cabinets too, that’s all in the kitchen. You just let me know if you don’t want something, and we’ll toss it.” He turned to Ash. “You barely ate your dinner, want me to make you something?”
Ash shook his head. “I’m OK. The boys must be exhausted. It’s late.”
“Yeah, they have school tomorrow.” Bryce glanced toward the hallway. “It was their idea to get it all done tonight. They’re much more organized than I expected. Every box is clearly labeled.” He paused for a few seconds, unsure if he should tell her what he had found in the closet. “Um… some of your clothes… Well…”
Michelle could see in Bryce’s eyes that it was bad news. “Just tell me. It can’t get any worse.”
“The ones in the closet… some have bullet holes.” Bryce couldn’t believe his eyes when he had seen it. If Ash had seen how many bullets had hit her trailer, he would have freaked out. She was quite lucky to be alive. “I’m sorry. All those clothes are in a separate box.”
Her eyes moved to Ash who had climbed onto the bed. “Can I see them?”
“You sure about that?” Ash sat next to her and took her hand in his.
“I am.”
Ash kissed the back of her hand and slid off the bed. “I’ll go get it.” He crooked a finger to tell Bryce to follow. Just before they reached the dining room, he stopped and glared at Bryce. “What the fuck’re you not telling me? I can see it in your eyes.”
“You don’t wanna know.” Bryce knew Ash would find out as soon as he saw her car, though. “Um… A lot of bullets hit her trailer… and some hit her car, too. The guy must have had a lot of ammo. I’m guessing he shot at the police.”
Hands shaky, Ash grabbed a chair. “She coulda died.” His body sagged, and he fell into the chair. After a few deep breaths, he stood and rifled through the box labeled ‘closet disaster.’ “Wow. These are a mess. She’s gonna be upset.”
“Just take her shopping.” Bryce thought it was simple.
Ash sighed. “She’s not like Vanessa. She wants to do things on her own. I tried to buy her a dress for next Saturday, and she balked at it.”
“Now she has no choice,” Bryce reminded his friend. “Make her take tomorrow off and you two go shopping.”
With a frown, Ash growled, “After what happened at the mall last week? I’m not subjecting her to that.”
“Not Brandon.” Bryce knew about that fiasco. “Go to Ellington. There’s school tomorrow and during the day it shouldn’t be crowded. Make sure to dress down a bit.” He waved at Ash’s all black outfit that screamed rocker, then to the piercings and sleeves. “You kinda stand out. Anyone who follows us knows we still live in town. How many pictures were posted of us that we didn’t know were taken?”
Ash took a deep breath. His best friend was right. “Too many to count.”
“OK. Then what you do is tone it down until you come home.” Bryce smiled. “I can lend you some clothes, maybe a collared shirt.”
“No way!” Ash wouldn’t go that far. “Maybe a blue long sleeve shirt? Do you have one?”
Bryce thought for a minute. “I think I have a plain red one, and a black and green one.”
“I think I can do red.” Ash looked around at the other boxes. “This is all she had?” He wasn’t too nosy when he was at her place, except for the files he had photographed. “I’ll call Andrew tomorrow and see if he knows someone to fix her car.”
The parent that he was, Bryce asked, “Did she call her mother? This might be spread all over the country by now.”
Ash sighed. “I did, while she was asleep at the hospital. They wanted to fly down here right away. I convinced them to wait a bit. She needs to heal up some first.”
Upstairs, Michelle focused on the television so she could forget reality. Ash had been gone longer than she liked. Her eyes drifted to the doorway then back to the television.
An NCIS marathon was on. She liked crime dramas. What she didn’t think about was the gunfire that sometimes happened in the show.
Ash heard her scream and raced upstairs. He found her huddled under the blanket. “Hey, what happened?”
She peeked out. “Uh… I guess I got scared.”
“It’s OK.” He crawled to her on the bed. “I’m right here.”
He took her into his arms and held her head to his chest. She jumped when another gun went off on television.
“Oh.” He grabbed the remote and changed the channel. “Guess we’ll have to be careful what we watch for a while.” He kissed the top of her head. “You need to stay home tomorrow so you can rest. If you feel up to it, we’ll go shopping to replace some of your clothes.”
Still slightly shaken up, she had forgotten about what Bryce had said about her closet. “My clothes?”
“Yeah,” he murmured into her hair. “And you’re not allowed to complain if I spend a shitload of money on you. I wanna do this. You deserve to be spoiled. I love you, sweetness.” Someone on television slammed a door and she jumped. “OK. No more television tonight.” He shut it off and helped her sit up again. “I’ll get my laptop out and show you those pictures I told you about.”
Michelle leaned her head on Ash’s arm while he showed her his digital photo albums from backstage and some from live shows. She didn’t ask who had taken the pictures, but they were very well done.
He also played some videos for her. From what he said, Matt had taken most of those. The ones of him and Bryce joking around made her laugh. They were quite silly on the road. She knew Ash liked to tease and joke with his bandmates, but they went to extremes sometimes in those videos.
“I know we’re kinda stupid sometimes.” Ash chuckled as he watched him jump on Bryce’s back and force Bryce to carry him around the dressing room from the last tour. “It helps release stress.” He turned to her. “You think I should post one of those?”
She shrugged. “Do you want everyone to see it?”
“There are some exclusive fan groups.” He smiled. “I have a fake account I’ve posted from before.”
Her eyebrows furrowed. “Really? I do too, since I don’t want the kids to know what I post. Some of the teens have a habit of looking us up. There isn’t anything incriminating on my real account.”
“Oooh, I need to see this fake account.” First, he logged into his real account and checked his messages. “Leo tried to get me every way possible tonight. I kinda ignored my phone while that shit went down.”
She watched him and smiled at the pictures he had posted there. Most were professional, a few were of them on stage. She had seen every one on that very same page at one point or another.
“Can I add you?” He waited for her agreement before he did it. “Now you’re part of the exclusive club. If Leo friends you, be aware he posts some weird shit.” He logged into his pseudo account and replied to a few messages. “No one has a clue it’s really me.” He chuckled at a message about how much of a god his real persona was.
Her eyes had drifted to his chest. With his shirt off, she was able to ogle his muscles, ink and piercings. “No one’s figured it out?”
“Not that I know of.” He ran his knuckles down her cheek. “Tell me your other name and I’ll add you.” He typed in the name and added her. When her phone went off, he handed it to her. “You need to accept it.”
After she had accepted on both accounts, she noticed a fan page on the search list he had brought up. “That’s a cool one.”
“One of my favorites, too.”
He clicked on it and was shocked to see her fake profile picture next to others who like the page. Since she said it was good one, he shouldn’t have been surprised. Curious, he flipped through all the other pages he usually checked. She was on all of them. Obviously, she was truly a fan. Then he checked the closed groups he was a member of and found her in most of those as well.
“Are you a stalker?” he asked, half-joking.
She sighed. “No, just had a thing for you. Online I could see into your world a little.”
“You could’ve just asked me.” As soon as the words had left his mouth, he realized what she meant. He had been afraid to ask her personal questions as well. To assure her, he threw his right arm around her shoulders.
Her eyes closed as she buried her face into his chest. “You intimidated me in a way. I never thought you’d be interested in a plain Jane like me. Until that day we talked about Siesta Key, I thought you only tolerated me. You weren’t rude or anything, but not overly friendly like some guys were… namely Leo.”
“He hit on you?” That pissed Ash off.
She shook her head. “Not me, but some of the other girls. He liked the young, pretty ones. I think he still sees himself as a teenager.”
“That’s true.” He sighed. “He lives like there are no consequences in life. Someday that might bite him in the ass.” He paused a few seconds. “Enough talk about him. Back to this. Tell me which pictures you like.”
He posted a few current pictures, and one video that she had chosen, into the exclusive groups. Every few weeks he did that to reward his loyal fans. In those groups, they talked non-stop about the band, and in one, about him almost exclusively.
It was a bit odd to read about fantasies that starred him, but it was also interesting to know what fans really thought of him. He found a few posts about the sex video and most didn’t believe he could cheat on his girlfriend.
“Can I post more pics of us on my actual page?” He waited a full minute for a response as he sorted through his notifications. “Michelle?” He held her head and gently tilted it back. “Oh.” She was obviously asleep. He shifted to lie down a bit and adjusted her to a more comfortable position. “Night.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

Just after Ash had parked the Escalade at the Ellington outlet mall, he turned to Michelle. “You sure you’re up for this?” He worried she needed more time away from other people.
“I’m fine.” She smiled at his concerned expression. “We’re here early enough that there’s not too many shoppers.”
Before the band was popular, and after the money they made was decent, Ash had liked to go shopping. He missed it some. Disguised as suggested by Bryce, he felt he was inconspicuous. Hat, sunglasses, long sleeves, and no piercings hid his normal persona.
Hand in hand, they headed toward the closest group of stores. The outdoor mall was filled with options for them. He dutifully followed her lead, without complaint. Although he wanted to buy her a unique designer dress, he knew that was not her style. He liked how she dressed, so he didn’t even suggest it.
After a few stores, they had several bags but no fancy dress. She had swallowed her pride, since she had seen the bullet ridden clothing from the closet. All of her remotely fancy clothes had been destroyed.
She laughed when Ash pulled her to an athletic shoe store so he could look around. They hadn’t stepped foot in one store without making at least a small purchase. He was much worse than a woman in a mall.
Her mother always went home with a trunkful after every outlet mall trip. She didn’t really like to shop. Most things she ordered online and had them shipped to The Center.
With a new pair of shoes in a bag, Ash took Michelle’s free hand again and pointed her toward Hot Topic. It wasn’t easy to grip her hand well, with only his fingers free. “You mind if I get some t-shirts?”
“We have all day, so let’s go.” She smiled, glad that he was excited. “Maybe I’ll find something I like in there, too.” It wasn’t a store she had been in more than once. She thought their clothes were more goth style, which was how she saw Ash sometimes.
She clung to his hand as they browsed the various racks. Then they went to the back and checked out the wall of band shirts. After a few shirts were chosen, they walked toward the women’s displays. Her eyes moved over a few tank tops and dresses. More than half of them interested her.
“I’d love to see you in this.” He pointed to a skull print dress with a halter style strap. “Very sexy.”
With a smile, she showed him a cartoon character tank she liked. “Only if I can get that, too.”
“Sure, anything you want.” He reached up and found a dress in her size, then the same with the tank. “Can I watch?”
“No.” She glared at him. “We’ll save that fantasy for another day.”
He pouted. “Please?”
“Only if you keep your pants on.”
His lips curled up. “What if I need a new pair of jeans?”
“You’re such a brat.” She rolled her eyes.
He leaned down and whispered in her ear, “That’s one of the reasons you love me.” His tongue flicked her lobe. “Maybe I should show you a few of them today.” He stepped back from her, grabbed a black pair of skinny jeans in his size, and approached the nearest sales clerk. “Hi. Can we try a few things on?”
“Sure… Uh, we?”
His grin was instant. “Yeah.” He held up his hands. “I kinda need my girlfriend’s help.”
The young clerk stared at him for a few seconds. Recognition came to her face. “You’re… Oh shit. You’re—you’re Ash Taylor. Do you know that? Stupid. Of course you know that. Sorry. Oh God. It’s you. Isn’t it?”
He almost panicked. “Ssh. Please.” He pulled her away from the other patrons. “Please don’t tell anyone. What’ll it take? An autograph, a picture, both?”
“Can I have both?” She fought the squeal and jumped instead. “Please?”
“How about we go to the back so no one sees?” He hoped no one else recognized him.
Michelle was a bit surprised when the female employee stepped into the dressing room before them. “Uh… are we trying on clothes?”
“A little distraction first.” Ash nodded at the clerk. “Can you take our picture?”
Still a bit confused, Michelle took the girl’s phone and aimed the camera lens at the two of them. She laughed when Ash made a funny face. From what she had seen, he did that often.
The girl put her fingers through Ash’s beautiful blonde hair, so Michelle had to squash a pang of jealousy. She took a few shots, one of which was serious. Then she shook her head. Ash was an attention whore sometimes.
“You like that?” Ash closed the door when he and his girlfriend were alone. Michelle’s nod assured him. “The pictures and signing the t-shirt were payment for her silence.” He moved toward her. “Thanks for being a good sport. Fans can get a bit overzealous. At least she didn’t grab my dick. A lotta them do. I get groped all over when there’s enough of them.”
She frowned. “Like on the beach?”
“Um, yeah.” He sighed. “I don’t let it get far.”
Her eyes drifted over his face, and his expression surprised her. “You’re hiding something.”
“Well… Not exactly.” He took a deep breath. “Some of those women… I slept with after. Thinking about it makes me feel a bit guilty. If I had known you were into me then-”
“Uh-uh.” She had a finger over his lips. “We started from the night at the Mexican restaurant. Anything before that means nothing to me.” She swallowed hard. It bothered her some but that wasn’t fair to him. “What matters is what we do going forward.”
He took her face in his hands and kissed her lips. “It’s only you. I swear. On the tour, if this happens, it won’t go further. No matter what you see online, it’s probably a lie. All kinds of crap gets posted. Pictures get edited and groupies spread lies. I’ll do my best to give you a head’s up, but if I don’t, please ask me before you assume. I won’t get drunk unless there’re no chicks around. With Bryce clean, there won’t be an abundance of drugs.”
“You’re an addict?” She hadn’t known that.
Ash shook his head. “No, but sometimes I hit a joint or something. Mostly only on tour. I haven’t touched anything since our first date.”
“I trust you,” she whispered.
He pressed his forehead to hers. “Thank you.” After the tender moment had passed, he pulled back and struggled to open his pants with the braces on. Usually he dressed in the bathroom so she didn’t see him without them. “Um… can you help me?”
“Sure.” She hadn’t realized he needed help getting dressed. “Does Bryce usually dress you?” She winked, teasing.
With a laugh, he nodded. “Yeah, he missed his kids.”
Slowly, she unfastened his pants then slid them down his legs. The sexy boxer briefs distracted her enough to make her body respond. She closed her eyes to quell the desire and untied his boots. After he was partially undressed, she removed her clothes, down to her underwear.
With fire in his eyes, Ash pressed Michelle up against the wall. “How about we make that fantasy come true today?”
He leaned down a bit and rubbed his growing shaft into her panties. His lips brushed hers then moved onto her jaw and neck.
“Would you rather…” He spun her around and ground into her ass cheek. “I’ll take you from behind,” he whispered into her ear then sucked on her lobe. Slowly, he tugged her panties down. “Always wanted to do this, too.”
Nervous as hell, she couldn’t move. She bit her lower lip to keep the whimper at bay. His foot urged her legs to part. Then she gasped when he thrust into her slightly. His soft moan in her ear helped her relax some. He held her hips as he withdrew and pushed back in languidly.
She was used to him initiating sex in places she felt were risqué. No voices were heard on the other side of the door, so she tried to calm her nerves.
“So tight, sweetness.” He thrust in as far as he could get and wrapped his arms around her middle. “I love you so much.” He nudged her hair out of the way with his nose. Then he let his lips roam over the exposed skin. “I’m gonna miss you when I’m away. Can you come meet us? Maybe when we’re in New York? I could show you around.”
She nodded, unable to talk. He grunted as he gave her a rough stroke. Then his hands moved to the wall in front of them. His left arm pressed into her wounds. “Ah!”
“Shit, sorry.” He knew what he had done wrong. “I was lost in your… uh, kitty.” He remembered the name they had agreed on. When he tried to gently rub the bandage, she squirmed away. “OK. We’ll finish this later.” He pulled out and tucked his wet, hard cock into his boxer briefs. “Do you need your painkillers?”
After she had pulled up her panties, she sat on the bench and looked up at him. “I’m sorry.”
“Hey, no need to apologize.” He tried to ignore the ache in his groin. “You’ve been through hell this week. I shoulda kept my dick to myself. Just couldn’t resist your sexy-ass body.”
She rolled her eyes. “Some days I think you’re blind.”
“Nah, just crazy in love.” He lifted her face to look into her eyes. “Never thought a woman like you existed.”


CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

“Wow! A limo?” Michelle was amazed by the long black car that sat in the beach house’s driveway. “Are we all traveling together?”
Ash walked with her toward the vehicle. “Yep, me, you, Bryce and Leo. Ian’s afraid to be so far away from Sherry since Jacob’s here with his brothers.”
“Is Leo ready?” Bryce shouted as he walked out the front door.
Michelle peeked into the back of the limo. “He’s right here.” She was surprised to find a woman with him.
She smiled and took Leo’s hand to climb inside. All three men were dressed in tailored black tuxes. Each of them were sexier than hell. She knew the trip would take a few hours. It wouldn’t be easy, not to ogle them all, along the way.
When she had settled in a seat toward the front of the vehicle, she glanced down at herself. The strapless, navy blue cocktail dress hid her flaws and accentuated her assets. That was how Ash described it.
She was glad she didn’t feel fat in it. The wounds on her left arm had healed quite well, also. There were a few scars, but a bit of makeup had made them less visible.
“You look good enough to eat,” Ash said as he sat next to his girlfriend. The high heel sandals were perfect, too.
Bryce climbed in and sighed. “Great. So I’m the fifth wheel tonight.” He glanced at Leo’s date. “Hi, Angel.” The woman was familiar to them all, but he had thought Leo had finally dropped her.
“She’s his fuck buddy,” Ash explained as quietly as possible. “Don’t let her name fool you. She’s a devil.”
Angel frowned. “I heard that.”
“Truth hurts,” Ash retorted. He hated the witch. “Don’t fuck with his head tonight, or you’ll regret it.”
Leo put up a hand. “No fighting tonight.” He was well aware of his bandmates hatred for his playmate. “She needed a place to crash tonight, and I couldn’t leave her at my place alone.”
They had all heard Angel’s sob stories. Ash shook his head. “Yeah, right.” She had the ability to worm her way into many high profile events. He couldn’t stand her. “She’s toxic,” he muttered close to Michelle’s ear. “Even if she insists, I’ve never fucked her. Ew!”
Michelle could see that Bryce wasn’t too fond of Angel, either. Leo seemed into her, to a point. However, he continually shoved her hand from his crotch and scolded her. Michelle wasn’t really sure what to make of the couple. It also confused her even more about Leo. He was quite an enigma.
“Do you want a glass of wine or something?” Ash toyed with the hem of her dress. “You seem so tense.”
She turned and smiled. “Just thinking. All of you have complicated lives, huh?”
“I guess.” Ash looked around. “The music world is filled with people like us. Artists are complex in general. You’ve seen me flip through moods. I can’t control it sometimes. That’s why I disappear and write, to get it out.”
With love in her eyes, she smiled at him. “I get moody, too. You never take it out on me, so it doesn’t bother me.”
“Good. You know, after tonight, they’ll be pictures of us everywhere.”
She nodded. “Good thing you posted those pictures of us last week. Not that people don’t already know about us.” She was surprised how many times she found her picture on the internet. “At least they stopped talking about that video.” She had read somewhere that the video was a fake. That could have been thanks to the band’s PR company.
Bryce moved to the bar and grabbed a bottle of water. He offered it to Michelle. “Want one?” She accepted it, so he took out another.
“Can you get me a drink, too?” Angel whined.
Leo had expected his bandmate’s refusal and made her a drink himself. “Can we at least be civil? This is like a four-hour drive.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

“Don’t stray too far from me. Don’t take drinks from anyone you don’t know, especially Angel.” Ash led Michelle into the lavish house in Miami.
She had her arm hooked in his. “Why?”
“Someone might spike it.” He patted her hand. “These things can get real crazy. Oh, and you’re gonna see drugs, maybe lots of them.” They headed into the formal living room which had a piano, a few couches, and chairs along one wall. “Let’s get a drink. Then we can walk around. Let me know if you get uncomfortable.”
Ash wasn’t surprised when several guests asked him about the braces and if he would be healed in time for the tour. He kept to the story that his wrists were sprained, and that they came off soon. Everyone believed it. That was a relief. He planned to reveal his newest tats on Michelle’s birthday.
With drinks in their hands, Ash took Michelle on a tour of the first floor of the house. He had been there a few times. George Mackey, the record company executive, was known for wild, over the top parties that his CEO would balk at. Obviously, he was not a true stuffed shirt.
Only the trusted few knew George was a kinky gay man, disguised as a suit. If upper management ever got wind of the real him, it would most likely ruin his career. Many times, Ash had told him to start his own label. No one should have to hide who they were.
Michelle was in awe of the fancy and extravagant décor. The person who owned the house most definitely had money to burn. She gawked at the expensive paintings and statues that were displayed just right.
It made her glad that none of the Velocity boys had homes like that. She had not been to Leo’s, but she had at least seen Vanessa, and Sherry and Ian’s from the outside. None were as excessive.
When they stepped onto the patio, her mouth dropped. The extra-large pool only took up part of the expansive property in the rear of the house. There was a stone fence around a section of the land. Her eyes moved up. The view of the Atlantic Ocean made her falter. She grabbed Ash tighter and caught up to him.
“You OK?” He stopped and turned to her.
She stared at the ocean. “Uh, just… This place is huge. How do they afford it?”
“A lotta hard work. I know a few people with houses like this,” Ash admitted. “You may get to see more.” He glanced at the pool and winced. “Uh, maybe we should go inside.”
Confused, she followed his line of sight. All the women in the pool were topless. After another look around, she realized almost everyone was topless. Everywhere her eyes roamed were half naked bodies. Then she gasped when she saw two men having sex. A few loungers over, a heterosexual couple were going at it. To her right were two women making out. How did I miss all this?
“Do we have to have sex out here?” She was so shocked, she felt like she had stepped into another world.
Ash pulled her into his arms. “We don’t have to do anything you don’t want to.” He groaned. “This is why I was hesitant to bring you. I’m sorry. If you wanna leave, I’ll call the driver.”
“No, it’s OK.” She heard a familiar voice and turned to it.
Leo chased after Angel as she stripped her clothing off. “Hey! What the hell’re you doing?” He picked up after her then watched her dive into the pool completely naked. “Fuckin’ bitch!”
“You don’t want her to go swimming?” Michelle didn’t see the problem.
After a soft growl, Leo replied, “She was in the middle of giving me a blowjob when she just ran out. My fuckin’ dick hurts. She’s fuckin’ high already. Why am I so stupid?”
“There’s plenty of available women here,” Ash reminded his bandmate. “Let her go and maybe she’ll find someone else to leech off of.”
Leo glared at Ash. “She’s not a leech, just down on her luck.”
“For all these years?” Ash shook his head. “I don’t know what you see in that bitch.”
Michelle stayed quiet as they argued about the girl. It didn’t end until a sexy blonde in only a thong walked up to Leo and groped his crotch. Michelle’s eyes almost popped out when the girl opened Leo’s pants and revealed the largest penis she had ever seen. Soon, she watched as that long shaft went down her throat.
“How’s that possible?” She couldn’t tear her eyes away from the scene.
Ash chuckled. “No gag reflex.” He smirked when he noticed that his girlfriend was mesmerized. “You like to watch, huh? That’s cool. I do, too.” He moved behind her and wrapped his arms around her ribs, just under her breasts. “I learned how to eat pussy by watching someone else do it.” He sighed as the girl on her knees cupped Leo’s sac. “I wanna sink my dick into you right here.” His lips moved over her ear. “Fuck you hard.”
“I—I…” She wasn’t sure she could handle it.
Leo’s head went back. “Just like that, baby.” He fisted her hair and groaned loudly.
“Do you all wear condoms when a groupie blows you?” She couldn’t believe she had asked, but she had seen the condom put in place.
“Yeah.” Ash smiled when Leo’s knuckles turned white. He had seen that many times. “Never know where a stranger’s mouth has been. Can’t play games.”
Leo cried out, “Fuck!” The backyard erupted into applause while he came, loudly.
“Now it’s a party,” Ash mumbled. “Do you wanna go for a dip in the pool?”
Michelle couldn’t speak as Leo tugged the condom off to show off his still impressive length. “Uh… Uh… Wait, you mean naked?”
“Did you bring your bathing suit?” Ash’s gaze had moved on to the couples fucking on lounge chairs.
She sighed. “No. I don’t want those girls to see me naked. They’re all so pretty.”
That broke Ash from his fantasy of having her on one of the loungers. “Hey!” He spun her to look at him. “You are the most beautiful woman at this party. I don’t care what anyone else does or looks like. If you wanna get naked, my eyes are gonna be on you.” He winked. “And my dick is gonna be in you.”
“Not sure I’m ready to be an exhibitionist.” She was nervous others would make fun of her. It was almost like high school all over again. “Is there somewhere more private?”
With a soft snicker, he whispered, “There is, but don’t tell.”
He pulled her to the right of the pool and down a decorative tiled path, that not many knew about and was never advertised. A stone grotto came into view. The sound of a waterfall was heard. Ash didn’t want to ruin the surprise. He took her around the long way. When the entrance was finally revealed, he smiled at her gasp.
“Wow!” She stared at the large pool of water. Then her eyes moved to the cascading water from above. “This is beautiful.”
Ash walked over to the line of hangers that was not obvious to the naked eye. “We can put our clothes up here.” Next to that was a cabinet of towels. 
“He thought of everything, huh?” She checked to make sure they were alone.
After he had stripped, Ash replied, “He did. You should see his bedroom. It’s way over the top.” He hung his clothes and walked to her. “Are you too nervous?”
“Kinda.” She moved into his embrace. “You sure no one will find us?”
He smiled into her hair. “Only a few know this even exists. If someone shows up, we’ll leave.”
“OK.” She wanted to be more open like him, but it was still easier said than done.
Minutes later, they sat in the hot water. Ash had an arm around Michelle’s back and the other stretched out in the other direction. He didn’t want to get the braces wet, just in case.
When she had relaxed, he turned and palmed her cheek. A few soft kisses caused her body to give into him. He moaned when she reached under the water and stroked his growing shaft. It wasn’t possible to simulate her much with his hands outside of the water, though.
“Get up on me. Please,” he begged. “I don’t know what the hot water will do to my braces.”
She glanced around and found that they were still alone. With a sexy grin, she straddled his lap. His fingers wove into her hair, and his lips trailed over her neck. Automatically, her head went back, and her core ground down against his shaft. His lips moved to her right breast and sucked her nipple in. She moaned and slid her pelvis up.
“Right there.” He had moved his hips slightly. “Love you.” He licked her neck then the pulse spot near her ear. Her reaction was to writhe against him. A groan escaped his lips. “Fuck me… Please.”
He brokenly gasped when she did as he had asked. It was hard not to reach down and grab her ass. Instead, he fisted her hair and tried to help her ride him. She gazed into his eyes as she sank down on him fully. Her hips swiveled, which made him groan. She had much more confidence than she had in the beginning.
“You like that?” she softly asked, as she tightened rhythmically within.
Ash cried out, “Yes!” He struggled to hold back the orgasm she tried to force out of him. “Get yours. Take it from me.”
She understood. Just a small adjustment, then the head of his cock swiped that sensitive bundle of nerves. She shuddered with anticipation. His hips started to move with hers. That intensified it all. She clung to his shoulders while her body bounced quickly.
The urge to reach her peak was great. Suddenly, he pinched her nipples and held on while she continued. He tweaked them both, hard. The pain sent her over the edge. Pleasure took over and dulled her other senses.
While Ash came with her, he lifted her up. “Michelle… So beautiful.”
“Mind if we join you?” The man of the house smirked at the couple in an intimate embrace.
Michelle’s head snapped up. “Uh… I’m naked.”
“Unless you’re hiding a pair of balls under that water, I’m not interested, honey.” George pulled his male companion to the water. “It’s my house anyway. House rules are I can play anywhere I want.”
Ash held Michelle close to his body to hide her breasts. “Hey, Georgie, great party. How you been?”
“Thanks.” George grinned when he was naked. “You know me. Straight by day, gay by night.” He climbed into the water. “Tired of pretending, though.”
With a frown, Ash shook his head. “You shouldn’t have to. Be who you are. Fuck those guys. You should start your own label.”
“I’m not sure.” George encouraged the other man into the water. “I can’t poach bands. That’s not right.”
Ash liked George for more than just his integrity, but that was one of the top reasons. “We’ll sign with you after our contract’s up. I’m sure I could convince a few other bands to swing your way, too.” He winked at the innuendo.
“That’s sweet. We’ll see.” George wasn’t sure if that would work for him. “I’ll let you know if I do.”
Michelle squirmed slightly and whispered, “Did you cum?”
“Hell yes.” He kissed her lips. “Sweetest pussy—I mean kitty in the world.”
She rolled her eyes. “You only want me for my body.” She couldn’t keep a straight face.
Ash nuzzled her neck. “Your body is only the beginning. We should give these two some privacy.”
“Um, but…” She glanced at the other two men. “I’m naked.”
George cleared his throat. “Honey, we’ll look away if it’ll make you feel better.”
“Thank you.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

At just about midnight, most of the partygoers gathered in the back. Michelle wasn’t sure what to expect. Everyone obviously waited for something. She couldn’t imagine what.
Suddenly, she heard a low frequency boom, then something shot into the sky. Of course, it’s fireworks. Then the explosion happened, and she clung to Ash.
Guilt washed over him when she buried her face in his chest. “I didn’t think of that. I’m sorry.”
She covered her ears while flashbacks of fear plagued her. “Make it stop.”
“We’ll go inside.” He lifted her up and carried her into the house. It took a few tries to find a room that wasn’t occupied. Thankfully, the media room was empty. When he had kicked the door closed, there was silence. “Better?”
Michelle nodded slowly. “Yeah, sorry.”
“Will you stop apologizing.” He set her on a couch and sat next to her. “Didn’t that counselor tell you to take it one day at a time?” He had gotten her professional help to get through the aftermath of the shooting.
Her body sagged against him. “I’m tired of it.”
“I can understand that.” He took her hand in his. “At least the 4th of July is a few months away, then you can join us on the tour.” He pulled out his phone and sent Bryce a text with their location. “It’ll take time to get through this.” He hated that he had to leave her in six days. When she stopped shaking, he turned on the huge television mounted on the wall.
Bryce walked into the media room almost an hour later and smiled. Ash and Michelle were cuddled together and watched a movie. He sat down close to Ash. “Hey, the fireworks are over. Do you two want to stay or should I go search for Leo and Angel?”
“Are you bored?” Ash asked quietly.
With a shrug, Bryce replied, “Yeah, but I’ll stick around if you want to.”
“Nah, let’s go.” Ash shook Michelle slightly. “We’re gonna head home.”
The trio walked through the house but found no sign of Leo or Angel. Outside there was no luck either. The crowd had thinned out some, so it shouldn’t have been so difficult. They double backed and checked the outer rooms again. One that had been locked previously had its door open.
Ash peeked inside and winced. “Don’t go in there.”
“Why?” Michelle peered around him and spotted someone with a needle. “Oh, OK.” She didn’t want to witness heavy drug use.
Leo rushed to the group when they entered the formal living room again. “You need to help me. I can’t find her anywhere.”
“Find who?” Ash grabbed Leo’s arm when he passed them.
Frantic, Leo replied, “Angel. She followed this guy to the beach and came back all messed up. Then she disappeared with this guy in a fancy suit. She could barely walk. Who knows what he did to her.”
“Why’s he worried about her?” Ash whispered to Bryce. “This is the best thing that ever happened to him.”
“Please,” Leo pleaded. “I know she’s a pain in the ass, but if something happened to her here, it’d be my fault. You know she can’t say no to anything.”
Ash pouted. “Fine. We didn’t find her down here. Maybe she’s upstairs.” He turned to Michelle. “Do you want to stay down here?”
“No, it’ll be faster if we split up.” She followed the others upstairs.
They went room by room, but to no avail, until they reached the end of the hall. Angel ran out of the very last bedroom, naked, with her purse on her shoulder. “He raped me.”
Leo caught her and held her close. “Who, baby?”
George’s assistant rushed into the hallway in just a pair of boxers. “You crazy woman!” He skidded to a halt when he noticed his audience. “She robbed me. I was getting a condom because she promised me a fuck for the coke I gave her. Then she went through my wallet and took all my cash. Check her purse.”
“Dude, you know her track record.” Ash was sure Angel was lying.
Leo growled, “I don’t care. She’d never say she was raped to get away with it.”
“She’s high as a fucking kite.” Bryce shook his head. “How can you believe a word she says?” He waved a hand at her. “She gets raped and the only thing she grabs is her purse, not her clothes? It’s not a joke to pretend you were raped, Angel! This is fucking asinine.”
After he had calmed down some, George’s assistant said, “Check the surveillance footage. Every room has cameras. That will prove me right.”
“No! No! No!” Angel tried to pull away from Leo. “You believe me. Don’t you? You can’t watch him do it.”
Leo felt the desperation in her voice. It was obvious she was lying. “Get your ass dressed, then we’ll see what was recorded.”
It wasn’t long after that, that all of their suspicions were confirmed. Ash assisted Michelle down the stairs, while Leo practically dragged Angel behind them. By the time they had gotten into the limo, not even Leo could stand to look at Angel.
“If you ever embarrass me like that again…” Leo took a few breaths to quell the urge to smack some sense into her. “I’ll cut you off in every way possible.”


CHAPTER THIRTY

Two days before the tour was to start, Ian still had not made a decision. To encourage him, the band decided to have brunch together. Almost three weeks had passed since Ash and Bryce had discussed asking Jacob to join them on the tour.
Neither of them had approached Ian about the idea of the kids forming a real band together. They felt it was better to wait until things settled at the Tate home.
Just before noon, Ash parked the Mustang and glanced around. The Sun City Denny’s parking lot was quite full for a Wednesday afternoon. They ate there more often than most places but more at night than day. Ash hoped it went well. He planned to ask Ian straight out.
Minutes later, the entire band, along with Reggie and Matt, stood in front of the establishment. They walked in together and waved to the familiar hostess. Multiple employees also greeted them by name. As always, the whole group said hello to some customers they knew. It was a place they all felt comfortable.
An older man noticed the rowdy looking crew. “Oh no. Grab your purse and hide it under the table.”
“They’re nice boys,” his companion told him. “Relax. They come in here all the time.”
Leo groaned. “Next time we come here, maybe we should tone it down.”
“Maybe.” Ash barely noticed their wild hair styles, piercings, tattoos and black attire. Obviously, they struck fear in some when in a group.
With a huge smile, the hostess seated them in their usual booth. Ash felt the stares. Not all of the patrons were regulars. Most of the snowbirds had already gone home, but the town was dominated by 55 and over communities. Reggie’s parents lived about two miles from that very spot.
Ash smiled at a few older couples he had met a few times. Then the elderly woman next to them dropped her napkin. Ash quickly picked it up for her. He had a great respect for the elderly.
“You’re such a nice boy.” She smiled at him and patted his hand. “I have a granddaughter who would be perfect for you.’
Ash chuckled. “Thanks, ma’am, but I have a pretty lady who I’m very faithful to.”
She patted his hand again. “Good boy. Take care of her.”
He sat back with a bit of relief. It was hit or miss with the diners who didn’t know them. No one said anything about the reason for the meeting for a while.
It was obvious Ian was nervous. He continually checked his watch. Ash wanted to help, but still didn’t know what the situation was. To distract himself, he browsed the menu he had mostly memorized. There were many things he had yet to try. He planned to choose one of those.
“Those boys are famous.”
“No way, they’re too nice.”
Ash checked around them and waved back at the feisty elderly women a few booths away. He watched Leo and Bryce do the same. Her expression told him it was worth it. When their waitress came to their table, he saw in her eyes that she had recognized at least one of them. “Hi, beautiful.”
She blushed. “Hi.” Her hand went up in a shy wave. “What can I get you handsome fellows?”
Normally, Ian flirted relentlessly with the waitresses. Ash was disappointed to see that Ian’s mind was elsewhere. What’s going on with Sherry? He wanted to ask, but he wasn’t sure if Ian was ready to talk. After they had all ordered drinks, he reached over and laid a hand on Ian’s arm. Ian nodded then hid his face.
Ash pulled back when he realized Michelle was at work. He unstrapped the wrist braces and pulled them off. “Man, I hate these things.”
“Why don’t you just show her?” Leo didn’t understand why Ash wanted to surprise his girlfriend.
Bryce grabbed Ash’s hand carefully. He examined the tattoo and then noticed the same one on the other hand. “Did you get these before you fell?”
“I didn’t fall,” Ash admitted. “I just didn’t want anyone to slip to Michelle about them. I’ll show her tomorrow at her birthday party.”
The tattoo on Ash’s right hand caught Ian’s eye. “Whoa! You tatted a chick’s name on your hands?” He glanced up at Ash. “Did I miss hell freezing over?”
Leo laughed. “He’s so into Michelle that he won’t go out with me anymore. Pussy whipped for sure.”
“At least it’s done right.” Ian smiled at Ash. “Glad you found love.” His eyes teared up, and he turned away.
Ash waited until Ian had gotten himself together. “The tour starts in two days. We kinda need to know if you’ll be with us.”
Even though Ian knew that was what the meeting was for, he was still a bit shocked. “Um… I don’t think I can.” He hesitated as his emotions overwhelmed him. As soon as he knew he could control them, he looked up. “Sherry’s not healing as fast as they expected. She’s still weak. The doctors say to give it time, but something’s not right. I can’t leave her like this.”
“What the hell, man?” Leo was on the verge of panic. “Why didn’t you tell us this last week? It’s too late to find a replacement.”
Bryce raised a hand. “It’s not.” He waited for everyone’s attention. “Jacob can play. He knows all our songs, and we jammed with him a bunch of times.” He focused on Ian. “Would you mind if we asked him?”
“Go ahead.”
Ian was relieved that they had another option. The only issue was that he didn’t want his sons to see his wife so ill.
“Um… I hate to ask this… If the circumstances were different…” Ian fought tears. “Can you take my other boys with you, too? In case… In case she takes a turn for the worse. We’ve got an appointment the day after 98Rockfest. Hopefully we’ll get good news.”
Ash forced a smile. “Family comes first. We’ll take good care of your boys. I’ll hire a tutor.”
“Thanks.” Ian hid his face as tears streamed down his cheeks.
Reggie was next to Ian. He wrapped an arm around Ian’s shoulders. “She’s gonna be OK. We’re here for you.”
Ash wasn’t sure what to do. He thought back to the day of the standoff. Instantly, the fear and anger came back to him. He knew how Ian felt. “I’ll be right back.”
Just before he reached the hall to the bathrooms, he noticed an older female customer digging in her purse for change to pay for her food. He gently laid a hand on her arm and handed the cashier a $100 bill.
With a smile, Ash told the cashier. “Give her the change.” He was happy to see the gratitude on the older woman’s face. “You have a wonderful day.”
“Now I will. Thank you.”
Bryce looked up when Ash returned. “You OK?” he whispered when Ash had sat down.
“Yeah.” Ash reached out to Ian and patted his arm. “With you at her side, she can get through anything.”
Ian glanced up. He was shocked at the thoughtful words. “Thanks.” A slight smile formed on his face. “Thanks to all of you.” He quickly wiped his eyes and nose with a napkin when their food arrived.
Silence came over the group as they ate. Normally, they had constant conversation at the table. The serious aura forced them all to think. Ash in particular, thought about how difficult it would be on the road without Michelle. He had rarely been in an exclusive relationship at the start of a tour.
The biggest hurdle would be boredom. He usually filled that with sex. It meant he either had to buy a new video game to beat or get a hobby. Then he smiled. The boys would keep him busy. He could teach them a few things about the business.
“I got it.” Ash grabbed their check and headed for the cashier. Someone ahead of him waved him by since they had gotten a phone call. He smiled at the cashier. Then he leaned toward her. “Keep this a secret. Put everyone’s bill on this.” He handed over a black credit card.
Her face screwed up. “Everyone?”
“Yes, everyone who hasn’t paid their bill yet.” Ash hoped no one heard them.
“Are you sure, sir?”
He nodded. “Very. Just want to put a smile on their faces.” He soon met the others outside. “Where’s Jacob now?”
Ian lit a cigarette. “He’s with his mom. We don’t leave her alone.”
“OK, then we’ll go to your place.” Bryce waved Leo and Reggie back to the group. “We need to get Jacob up to speed on the set list. Tour starts in two days.” He looked up when an elderly couple walked out of the restaurant chatting happily.
“Who would pay for our meal?”
Bryce chuckled. “Saint Ash to the rescue again?”
“Don’t know what you’re talking about.” Ash knew his cheeks were red, but he didn’t want to admit what he had done. “Let’s just get to Ian’s. I need to stop at home first, though.” He needed to check on his pets.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

By the time Ash had pulled into Ian’s driveway, Jacob was already outside. It was quickly decided that Ian would stay home and the rest of them would meet at the beach house.
Ash checked his phone. He still had a few hours before Michelle was due home. His plan that night had been a romantic dinner, but that was no longer possible. Maybe Chinese would work tonight instead. He knew she loved sweet and sour chicken.
The six cars traveled down the nearly deserted US 301. It wasn’t quite a race, but Leo and Ash made it seem like one. They goaded the others to keep up with them. Since the main thoroughfare had been widened from one lane to three, they often took advantage.
Luckily, no deputies caught them at the game. Once on Big Bend, it was more complicated since the road was only two lanes, with a school zone almost halfway to US 41.
Tires pealed as Ash and Leo followed Jacob down Surfside Blvd. They weren’t going as fast as some would think. Although the kids were in school, they knew others could be on the streets.
When Ash stepped out of his car, he was still laughing. “We need to do Daytona again.” They had once rented the famous track for a charity race. Many musicians, actors and other famous people took to the track. It was an amazing adrenaline rush.
“Great idea.” Leo hooted. “Just gotta find a good cause.” He had won two out of five races they had done with his tricked out Nissan 240sx.
Ash grinned. He had won the last race that day with his old 2008 Mustang GT that been custom designed to race. It was sold after the race, and the proceeds had been given to the charity. “And I need to get a new car.”
“Get a Skyline.” Leo bounced on the balls of his feet. “That would be awesome.”
Jacob joined them. “Who’s getting a Skyline?”
“No one,” Bryce said as he approached them. “These two are fixin’ to lose their license.”
Ash and Leo cracked up laughing. As soon as he caught his breath, Ash shouted, “Look out. The Floridian accent is back.”
“Shut up!” Bryce shoved Ash lightly. “Or I’ll piss you off so they’ll make fun of your New York drawl.”
“It’s not a drawl!” Ash shot back. “It’s sorta a dialect.”
Bryce chuckled. “It worked. You hear that accent?”
“OK. OK.” Leo waved his hands in the air. “We gotta get Jacob up to speed.”
Ash’s head whipped around. “You know things’re bad when the party boy tells us to chill.”
Reggie shook his head as he passed the group. “Come on. I wanna hang out with my kids before they go to sleep tonight.” He hated to leave his family, but he also loved his job.
The six of them went right to the practice room. Ash glanced at Jacob as he tuned one of his father’s guitars. “Have you decided if you’re bringing your guitars or your dad’s?”
“Most of mine are in Cali.” Jacob frowned. “Maybe I can have them shipped.”
Bryce lifted his favorite guitar. “It’s up to you. You can have them shipped to one of the stops next week. Just let Reggie know. He can coordinate it.”
“Thanks.” Jacob played a few notes then made an adjustment. “Maybe if I use Dad’s the fans will like it more. Mine sound a bit different.”
Leo sat behind his kit. “Dude, you do what feels right for you. Fuck everybody else.”
“I think I’ll use Dad’s for the first two nights and see how I feel.” He smiled. “I did bring my favorite out here, so I’ll bring that one.”
Reggie opened the box of printed set lists and handed one to Jacob. “This is what we have planned. You know these boys. Sometimes they go off the rails.”
“I’ll be ready.” Jacob played a riff he had come up with that week.
“Damn it!” Matt rushed to the soundboard. “You’re just like your father.”
Ash smiled. “Yeah, that was awesome, Jacob.” He moved his fingers over the frets of his bass.
Curious, Jacob moved closer. “Uncle Ash, is that Michelle’s name?” He stared at Ash’s hands. “Whoa! You tatted her name? This is serious.”
“I guess.” Ash blushed, although he tried not to. “It’s a birthday present for her.”
Jacob laughed. “A present for her?”
“It’s hard to explain.” Ash couldn’t meet his eyes. “It’s kinda personal. Maybe you’ll get it tomorrow at the party. If I do it in front of you guys.”
Leo groaned. “Please don’t tell me you’re gonna propose.” He fisted his own hair. “I can’t lose my wing man.”
“You already did,” Bryce reminded Leo. “He’s been head over heels for quite a while.”
Reggie cleared his throat. “We don’t have much time to make sure Jacob’s ready. Can we get started?”
Leo played a fast and short drum roll. “I’m ready.”
“Me too.” Ash flexed his fingers. He didn’t look forward to putting the braces back on when Michelle came home.


CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

Michelle woke up to the smell of bacon the morning of her 30th birthday. She carefully extracted herself from Ash’s arms. The night before, he and the band had continued to practice long after Reggie had gone home.
She was able to watch some, but had found she distracted Ash more than helped. The special dinner was appreciated, even though all of them ate with the couple. She had hoped for time alone with Ash.
They only had about 24 hours before the tour officially started. She planned to travel to Orlando, then Jacksonville with them, but then she would have to head home.
After a trip to the bathroom, she debated if she should get into bed again. She wasn’t tired, though. A glance at the television brought back the memory of what she did most of the evening before. To allow Ash time to work, she lounged on the comfortable couch and watched a Monk marathon.
Her eyes drifted to Ash. He had fallen across the space she had occupied minutes earlier. She worried about his wrists. He had yet to take off the braces, and she didn’t know if the doctor’s appointment he had the day before had gone well. They’d had no time to talk about it yet.
Unwilling to wake him, she wrapped a robe around her body and left the room. Since the house was quiet, she assumed no one else was awake yet. She crept down the hall to the stairs. The smell was stronger, so someone had to be cooking.
“Why’re you up, birthday girl?” Bryce grinned at Michelle as he pulled her in for a hug. “I wanted to surprise you.” He turned to the pans on the stove. “Ash awake yet?”
She hugged him back and stepped away. “He’s sleeping. I just wanted a drink of water.”
“OK, then you go back to bed.” Bryce handed her a glass. “Happy birthday. I have a feeling this one will be unforgettable.”
Her mind started going as she poured herself a drink. “Is this party going to be as epic as Nicky’s?” She knew the party was at the beach house and not at Reggie’s, but the property was still a good size.
“You wanted a waterslide?” Bryce’s eyes widened. “Shit! Didn’t know that.”
She laughed. “I’m kidding. Simple is better.”
“It’s just a pool party,” Bryce assured her. “Close friends. Most of the crew is in town. They need to get the trucks ready. We thought it would be easier to have it here, since we have higher security.”
Unsure how it would all work, she leaned a hip against the center island as Bryce flipped bacon. “Do we take a bus to Orlando or just drive our cars?”
“We’re starting out on the bus.” He was a bit surprised. “You guys didn’t talk about it?”
She sighed. “Every time we started to talk about it, something interrupted us.”
“Reggie booked you a flight from Jacksonville back to Tampa, and a car will be there to take you home. Ash made sure you were all set.”
Upstairs, Ash was not actually asleep. He had been awake for a least an hour, hoping for the opportunity to surprise his girlfriend. Quickly, he tore the braces off and dropped them on the floor. Then he moved the pillows around so he could half sit up.
As soon as he was in position, he stroked his cock a few times. Footsteps beyond the door made him work faster. When she opened the door, he smirked.
“You’re up.” Her eyes moved to his masturbation. Then she noticed something on his hand and moved closer. Her mouth dropped. “Is that my name?”
“Yep, you’ll be helping me beat off every night.” He winked. “Even two handed.” He grabbed his shaft with both hands. Then he moaned as he ran his fists to the tip.
She reached out and touched the healed tattoos. “I can’t believe you did that.” The sacrifice was from the heart, in her eyes.
“I… love you. It was worth the pain.” His head went back, because he hadn’t stopped jacking off. “Hap—py bir—irth—day.”
Fascinated, she watched him please himself a bit longer. It always excited her to see his hands on his cock. Each stroke made her folds swell further. When a bead of pre-cum formed on the tip, she couldn’t just watch. She dropped the robe and climbed onto the bed. 
“How about I help you there?” She straddled his hips and sank down on him. “Better?”
“Yeah.” Ash groaned loudly as she lifted and dropped several times. “My tight little pus—I mean kitty.” He held her face in his hands. “Your name’s gonna be all over tomorrow. I’m not hiding the tats anymore, my Michelle.”
She sank down to the base and twisted her hips. “Is that my present?”
“Nope.” He sighed as she tensed on purpose. “God damn. Is this mine?”
Her lips curled into a sly grin. “This is just a thank you.” She rocked and kissed his lips. “Groupies are going to be jealous.”
“They will.” His hands moved down and cupped her breasts. “I love you, sweetness.” She started to ride him again. “Gonna be hard without you.”
She pressed her lips to his for a few seconds. “Ssh, just enjoy it. We’ll worry about goodbye when the time comes.”
Bryce knocked on Ash’s bedroom door then opened it a bit. “Breakfast’s ready.” He had known Ash was awake since they’d texted back and forth a few times while Michelle had turned away downstairs.
“Fucking!” Ash yelled. “Don’t you dare come in.” He knew Michelle would be embarrassed.
With an eye roll, Bryce replied, “Come on down when you’re ready.” He closed the door and shook his head.
“Where were we?” Ash pumped his hips up. “I think… just… about…” He changed the angle of his hips. “Here.” Her groan made him smile. “Yep, there.”
Caught off guard, she grabbed his shoulders tightly. He worked her sweet spot from below, and she couldn’t move. Her thighs quivered as the head of his erection continually rubbed that tight bundle of nerves.
She panted. The pleasure became greater by the second. His quick strokes stayed on target. Suddenly, he pinched both her nipples, and she cried out his name. Waves of ecstasy consumed her for minutes on end.
“How do you…” Ash forced her hips down as her body sent him over the edge. “Fuck. Feels good.” He groaned as his balls emptied into her. “Michelle…”
It took quite a while for either of them to come back to reality. “I’m hungry,” Michelle muttered against the skin of Ash’s neck. “Shower? Then breakfast?”
“Sounds good.” He ran his hands up her sides. “Want me to do anything special for you in there?”
She carefully climbed off him. “Like what?”
“Maybe a bit of my tongue.” He waggled it at her. “Or my dick… anywhere you want it. Or my hands…”
Her imagination came up with several scenarios. She dismissed each one, since she knew Bryce was waiting for them. “We’ll play around later. The bacon is calling my name.”
After an uneventful shower together, the couple headed downstairs in casual clothes. Ash grinned when he found Bryce staring out the sliding glass doors to the patio. “Thanks for letting us sleep in.” On his way through the kitchen, he swiped a strip of bacon off the platter on the counter. “Did you eat yet?”
“No.” Bryce yawned. He had gotten up early to make sure Ian’s boys had gotten off to school. After breakfast, he planned to go to East Bay to collect their work for the next few weeks on the road. “Do you mind if I sit with you?”
Michelle carried a bowl to the kitchen table. “Of course we don’t, Bryce. Sit. You look exhausted.”
“We can go to the school if you wanna take a nap.” Ash moved everything else to the table, then sat down between Bryce and Michelle.
Bryce checked the time. “Caterers will be here about five, so we have a few hours. You sure you don’t mind errands on your birthday?”
“I don’t.” Michelle filled her plate and poured herself some juice. “Thanks so much for breakfast. It looks so good.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Michelle used her new key to enter Ash’s place through the front door. She quickly disarmed the alarm and locked up behind herself. The day before, they had brought most of her things there.
Ash was at East Bay High School. They needed to feed his pets, and Ash needed to pick up something he had not explained. She wasn’t keen on feeding the snake live animals. However, she was sure she could handle filling the iguana’s food bowl with fruits and vegetables. The fish were quite easy as well.
She dropped her things on a kitchen chair, then headed upstairs to the master bedroom. All her bathing suits were accidentally brought there. She searched for the new set Ash had purchased and put it on the bed.
Then she felt her phone vibrate in her jeans pocket. It was Ash. He was already done, which surprised her. With a smile, she collected all she needed and went back downstairs.
It took about 10 minutes to cut up the iguana’s food. She nibbled on a few slices of banana and stole a few strawberries. Ash fed his pets very well. When she peeked in the tank, she realized the water dish also had to be cleaned and filled.
Carefully, like Ash had taught her, she opened the tank and reached inside. The first time, the lizard had nipped her. By that point, he either ignored her, or rubbed her hand a few times. She swapped out the food dish, then took away the water bowl.
Minutes later, she walked back to the tank and gasped. It was empty. She had mistakenly left the top off. Although she had held the lizard a few times, she wasn’t sure how to pick him up. “Butch?” she called out, in the hope he knew his name. “Butch? Where are you?”
Ash walked into the house from the garage. He found Michelle searching the living room. “Lost something?”
“Uh…” She wasn’t sure how he would react. “Um, well… Butch got out. I left the top off when I cleaned his water bowl.”
That made Ash laugh. “That little bandit.” He climbed on the couch and reached behind it. “Gotcha!” He brought Butch over to her. “He’s terrible at hide and seek. Always picks the same place.”
“How did you…?” Her mouth was agape. She had looked around for at least 15 minutes.
He grinned at her. “I usually find in him in one of three places. Behind the couch is his favorite.” He rubbed the lizard’s head. “You need to learn to hide better.” He put him back in his tank and locked the lid. “Did you feed Killer yet?”
“No!” She cringed at the thought. “You can do it.”
Ash couldn’t help but laugh. “Maybe one day.” Her expression told him it would never happen. A delivery of live food came every week, which he kept in a smaller tank underneath the snake’s home. “Do you wanna watch?”
“I can’t.” Michelle rushed over to the huge fish tank and watched the colorful specimens swim. “This I can handle.” As her attention stayed mostly on the aquatic scene, she opened the fish food can and sprinkled flakes onto the surface of the water. “Come and get it.” She was amazed how most of the fish rushed to the top to get her offering.
With a huge grin, Ash wrapped his arms around her from behind. He loved how fascinated she was by the fish. “If you want to add more, we can talk about which species will work with the group we already have.”
“Maybe when you get back.” She leaned back on him. “How many months is the tour?” She had forgotten that answer on purpose, since she knew she would miss him.
He sighed and nuzzled her neck. “Three months. We plan to fly back any time we have a few days off. Well, at least me and Bryce plan on it. I can’t stay away from you for too long.” At the sound of the doorbell, he glanced up. “I wonder who that could be.” He almost let out an evil laugh but bit it back. “We should go see.”
“Why are you acting weird?” She knew something was up. He was easy to read most of the time.
He shrugged. “Just being me.” He excitedly took her hand in his and led her through the house to the front door.
As he stepped back, she opened the door, then screamed, “Mom! Dad!” She launched herself at them. “I can’t believe you’re here.”
Her father smiled as he held his only child. “We couldn’t miss our baby’s 30th birthday.”
With tears on her cheeks, her mother whispered, “Your sweet boyfriend planned all this as a surprise.”
Michelle’s eyes moved to Ash nearby. “Thank you.”
A grin plastered on his face, Ash watched the tearful reunion. It was worth all the secrecy. He had called her mother a few days after the shooting and had asked for them both to stay at his place with her when she came back from Jacksonville. It worried him that she could be alone and possibly have an anxiety attack over flashbacks.
“I’m so glad to finally meet you.” Ash opened his arms to Vivian, Michelle’s mother. “At least we don’t have to keep it a secret anymore.” He winked.
Vivian hugged him tightly. “No, we don’t.” She then whispered, “Thank you for taking care of my baby.”
“Always,” Ash responded. He let her go when she pulled back. “I had the guest room upstairs prepared for you. The hall bathroom is fully stocked, so I don’t think you need to buy anything. Our housekeeper, Anna, will be by Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. You just let her know if you need anything at all. She has a credit card for household purchases and emergencies.” He turned to his girlfriend. “They’re going to stay for a few weeks.”
“Weeks?” Michelle was shocked by that. “Why?”
Her mother grabbed her free hand. “Because we miss you.” She swallowed the worry. The article she had read online had scared her half to death.
Michelle was giddy as they gave her parents a tour of the house. “I’ll show you my car later.”
Vivian grinned. “If it’s half as cute as the pictures you posted, I’ll fall in love with it.”
Ash led the group back to the kitchen. “We got a pool, too.” He opened the sliding glass door and stepped outside. “Use it any time you like. If you need a map of the area, I can print one out.”
“No need.” Nick, Michelle’s father, liked Ash already. “I know how to use GPS and Google maps. I can find anything.” He laughed. “I was able to get here from the airport.”
That made Michelle realize something. “How did you get here? Cab?”
“No.” Vivian winked at Ash. “Your thoughtful boyfriend rented us a car, too.”
Ash almost fell backward when Michelle jumped on him while she thanked him. “Relax. You’re welcome.” He set her down and nodded to the door. “Just a few more things to show you. This is our mini aquarium.”
“Mini?” Nick’s eyes opened at the huge tank of fresh water fish. “This is beautiful. Puts mine to shame back home.” He smiled fondly as memories came to him. “Michelle always watched our fish swim when she was feeling down or frustrated. Interesting that we have this in common.”
Glad they had some common ground, Ash moved a few feet down. “This is Butch, our iguana. He’s friendly, but let him get used to you.”
Vivian screamed when she noticed the huge snake.
Her husband put an arm around her shoulders. “It’s in a locked tank. It won’t get out.” He stifled a laugh. Then he met Ash’s amused eyes and let out a chuckle. “Obviously, she’s afraid of snakes.”
“Be careful outside then,” Ash warned. “We have racers in the backyard sometimes.”
When he had encouraged Vivian to sit, Nick approached the snake tank. “Can I pet him?”
“Of course.” Ash pulled Michelle close. “I just fed him. Killer’s a pussycat unless he’s real hungry.”
Nick stroked the albino ball python’s skin gently. “Where do you keep the food and when should I feed him?”
Michelle ignored the talk about the pets and wandered over to her mother. “Will you be all right with a snake in the house?”
“I’ll manage.” Vivian took her daughter’s hand in hers. “Ash is wonderful. So glad you met a nice young man like him.” She admired Ash’s good looks and toned body somewhat. “Hard to believe he’s a famous rock star. He seems so… normal.”
With a roll of her eyes, Michelle shook her head. “Mom! What did you expect?”
“I don’t know. Well, he’s got a lot of tattoos and those piercings are a little distracting. The long hair and dark clothing remind me of the seventies a bit. He just looks like any young man at a rock show or something. What instrument does he play?”
“For the band, he plays bass.” Michelle smirked when Ash bent down to show her father the snake’s food tank. “He also plays guitar. He gives lessons at Safe Haven. Maybe he’ll play for you later. His band is very talented.”


CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

“Come on out.” Michelle stepped back to let Leo and Vic walk onto the patio at the Apollo Beach house. She wanted to help in the kitchen, but she didn’t want to get into the caterer’s way. “No Angel today?”
Leo gave her a slight glare. “No. Vic’s not a drama queen.” He took a deep breath. “Sorry. You look hot.” His eyes moved over her sheer black wrap and her one-piece black bathing suit beneath it. “I bet Ash picked that out.”
She blushed. “We got it at Ellington.” She closed the sliding door and followed them. “Have you heard from Ian? He said he might bring Sherry over for a little while.”
“Nope.” Leo pulled out a chair at a shaded table and waited for Michelle to sit. “Calls go to voicemail. Maybe they’re gettin’ busy.”
Ash glanced out the kitchen window and smiled. He had forced Michelle away from the food preparation so she could enjoy her party. Most of his friends were already there. A few of the girls from The Center had shown as well. He made sure the caterer didn’t need anything more from him. Then he headed outside.
“Do you want a drink, sweetness?” Ash laid a hand on Michelle’s shoulder. He had hired a bartender as well.
She turned to look back at him. “Yes. Thanks. A piña colada would be great.”
Her eyes swept the patio. It had been converted into an outdoor festive party room with the pool in the middle. Most of the tables had at least a few people at them.
She had met the band’s crew who had flown in for the tour. Most talked very highly of their bosses. She used to be a bit anxious around strangers, but at each event she and Ash had attended, that had faded away to almost nothing.
“Hey!” Michelle jumped up when Beth and her new boyfriend walked outside. “So glad you could come!”
Beth hugged her friend. “Happy birthday! I can’t believe we’re at a party with Velocity!”
“Tame the fangirl,” Michelle warned. “I guess your crush on Leo is done.”
With a sigh, Beth shrugged. “He’ll never be into me. Anyway, I need a man who likes kids.” She had a five-year-old daughter. “Devon is great with kids.”
Devon came closer and waved to Michelle. “Hi, happy birthday. Thanks for the invite.”
“Here you go.” Ash set Michelle’s drink at her place. “Hey, Beth.” He put a hand out to her. Then he nodded at her companion. “Ash Taylor.”
Nervously, Devon shook Ash’s hand. “I know. So awesome to meet you. Big fan.”
Ash smiled. “Thanks. Hope you’re coming to the show tomorrow.”
“Wouldn’t miss it.” Devon threw an arm over Beth’s shoulders.
Bryce opened the rear door and called out, “Ash, Michelle’s parents are here!”
“Thanks.” Ash waved at Michelle to stay seated and hurried into the house. He reached the front door just as it opened. “Glad you found the place all right.” He held out an arm to welcome them inside. “This is the band’s vacation house, for the most part. Michelle has a key, and you are all welcome to use it anytime you like. Just don’t swim in the bay… sharks. If you want to go to a beach, have Michelle take you to Siesta Key.”
Nick nodded. “Thanks. I must say, I’m very impressed by you. That last jerk she dated-”
“Don’t compare.” Vivian knew her husband had never liked Michelle’s ex-fiancé. “I’m sorry, Ash. Sometimes we’re a bit overprotective. Will your family be here? I’d like to meet them.”
Ash’s face fell. “Uh… I don’t really have family to speak of. My mom died young.”
“I’m so sorry, honey.” Vivian palmed his cheek. “It doesn’t matter. You have us and your bandmates. I hear you are like brothers.”
He nodded. “Yes, ma’am. They’ll all be here tonight. Come to the patio. We have drinks and hors d'oeuvres. Dinner should be set out within an hour.” When they had reached the table Michelle was at, he leaned and whispered, “Everyone promised to behave until your parents leave.”
Over the next few minutes, most of the guests had made their way over to the birthday girl’s table. Ash stood close by and watched her parents interact with some of the couple’s friends.
There was no judgement as he had expected. He was happy to see genuine interest from Nick and Vivian. Most parents with an only child were fiercely protective, to the point of smothering. He could tell that they would have gotten along well with his own mother.
By the time the food was served, the party was in full swing. Almost everyone invited had shown up. The only ones missing were the Tate family. Ash had tried everyone’s phone several times.
He decided that no news was good news. It was possible the five of them had gone out for dinner or were just having some quiet family time. He forced his brain to stop creating other reasons for their absence.
A familiar voice made him turn his head. Jacob walked outside with his younger brothers. As he tried to hide his worry, Ash smiled. “Hey! How’s it going?”
“Got all our bags for tomorrow.” Jacob smiled. “All set to go with you.”
Ash was glad about that. “Your dad isn’t answering his phone. I tried to get you earlier, too. I was getting a bit worried.”
“My phone was on vibrate,” Jacob explained. “Not sure why dad isn’t answering. He does that, though. Mom needs quiet sometimes. Everything was fine when we left. Maybe they’re sleeping.”
That made Ash feel a bit better. “Maybe.”
Billy approached Michelle. “We know this is an adult party, but I wanted to wish you a happy birthday.” He leaned down and kissed her cheek.
She grinned and gave him an awkward hug. “No. Stay, boys. Please?”
“You sure?” Pete didn’t want to intrude. “We can hang out upstairs.”
Michelle rolled her eyes. “I said stay. This is my mom and dad.” After they had greeted each other, she waved toward the food table. “Go fill a plate and dig in, but no alcohol.”
“Yes, ma’am,” Pete replied.
Vivian clutched her daughter’s hand. “You’ll make an amazing mother one day.”
“Thanks, Mom.”
“I think it’s time for presents.” Ash winked at Michelle’s mom and sat in a chair that faced the birthday girl.
Michelle shook her head. “I said I didn’t want presents.”
“Well, this one is special.” Ash pulled the ring box from his pocket. “At least to me, it is.”
Her eyes opened wide. “No. Don’t you dare propose now.” She shook her head, unwilling to agree to marriage right before he left for months.
“Relax.” Ash squeezed her hand. “If I propose, it’ll be much more intimate.”
He felt bad that she didn’t want him to, but the past few weeks had been quite emotional. Slowly, he opened the ring box and showed it to her.
“This is a promise ring. I promise to be faithful to you, no matter what.” He slipped it onto her left ring finger. “And one day soon, I’ll ask you to be my wife… When the time is right.”
Tears filled her eyes. “It’s beautiful. I love it.” She stared at it when her vision cleared. “That’s our birthstones.” Overwhelmed with emotion, she didn’t know what else to say.
“I had it engraved.” He framed her face with his hands. The tattoos of her name outlined her mouth. His lips moved over hers slowly. “It says: Faithful, always.” His voice lowered. “Never worry about my faithfulness. No woman can compare to you.”
“Aw.” Reggie admired the ring. “Our little boy is growing up.”
Leo smiled when he came closer to check out the finished ring. “Looks better than the display one. Hope you appreciate those tats. Takes a lot for a dude to ink his hands.”
“Now it’s your turn, Leo.” Bryce laid a hand on Leo’s shoulder. “I’ll find you a nice girl.”
After a nervous glance at Vic, Leo shook his head. “Ain’t happening.”
“Then maybe we can find Ian a new love interest.” Reggie wanted them all to be happy.
Ash sighed. “It’s gonna take a lot for Ian to get over Sherry. That woman has him wrapped around her finger.”


EPILOGUE

“Wow!” Michelle looked up at the huge bus that was parked in the Gibsonton lot. “This is how we’re getting to Orlando?”
The town west from where she and Ash lived, and north of Apollo Beach, was known for carnival folks. She had seen plenty of carnival rides along Gibsonton drive and the surrounding streets, but she had never noticed that other vehicles were housed in the large lots.
The lot they stood in was one she had passed many times in the past few years. Their buses and trucks were in the very rear, hidden from view of the street.
Ash grinned. “Yep and everywhere else on the tour.” He opened the door and tugged her inside. “We have hotel rooms booked at every stop, unless we need to travel all night.” He waved at the room. “All the comforts of home… miniaturized.” He couldn’t help but laugh.
“Red and black is a nice theme.” She had seen a few crew members in the lot as well, but the band’s bus was empty. “Is your equipment here, too? I mean, in this lot?”
He shook his head. “Nope, Reggie and Dana are driving the trucks over to Reggie’s place. We had a storage room built on the back of his property. Easier to get access to it.” It was a huge project, since it needed to be climate controlled and secure.
“Oh, I thought that was a garage or something.” She had noticed it at Nicky’s party. “It’s huge.”
His snicker was automatic. “Yeah, huge. I know, I’m a child sometimes.”
“I like your silly side.” She walked ahead of him and found a small bathroom and then a closet. She glanced at his bunk nervously. “Have you had many women in your bunk?”
“No, just one. My bunk is like a sanctuary on the road.” He was glad he could be honest. His mind drifted back to the only time a woman was in it. He scowled and rolled his eyes unconsciously.
His facial expression told her he was hiding something about it. Since she knew him so well, she was sure it wasn’t a good experience. “Who?”
“Um...” He swallowed hard, unsure if he should tell her the whole story. One glance at her told him she could handle it. “The ex that I told you about, the crazy one. I told her she couldn’t stay on the bus, but she hid out and surprised me. She pitched a fit when I shoved her off me.” He shook his head. “I don’t wanna think about her. She was fucking crazy, and I was stupid.”
Michelle moved forward and wrapped her arms around him. “You weren’t stupid. You thought she cared about you. I won’t go against your wishes like that.”
“I know.” He held her close. “I have no secrets from you. If you wanna surprise me, go ahead. Unlike some people, I know you won’t drive me up the wall.”
“Only if you want me to.” She boldly cupped his package. “I know how to drive you up the wall and onto the ceiling.”
He growled. “Yes, you do.”
“So then…” She blushed slightly. “I’m allowed in your bunk?”
His eyes filled with mischief. “Oh, hell yeah. You can help me christen the new mattress.” He quickly pressed her to the bathroom door. “How about right now?”
“I’m in!” Leo leaned on the kitchenette counter. “I gotta see why you chose him over me.”
Michelle turned to Leo. “You wish.” They rarely talked, but she liked to remind him that Ash was her stud.
“Maybe I do.” Leo walked toward them and stopped behind Ash. “Just a peek? Or maybe a threesome? I get the backdoor.”
Ash’s eyes opened wide when Leo’s body pressed against him. It was normal for Leo to be himself on their bus, but he was normally sedate in front of Michelle. “Get your dick off my ass.”
“You’re no fun.” Leo stepped back and slapped Ash’s ass cheek. Then he walked into the back lounge.
Michelle giggled. “You should see your face. Does he always act like that in private?”
“Well, yeah.”
She tried to hide her amusement. “I bet he likes to get a rise out of you.”
“You know it!” Leo shouted from the back. “I know you get a rise outta him!”
Ash growled, “Take a walk if you’re just here to get in on our conversation.”
Jacob climbed the steps and glanced around. He had been on Velocity’s bus before. “Uncle Ash, do I just take my dad’s bunk?”
“Damn it,” Ash mumbled. “Wanted to take you in my bunk before we left.”
Michelle got on her toes and whispered into his ear, “How about on the way to the arena?” She knew that would excite him.
“Fuck yeah.” He nuzzled her neck. “I finally corrupted you.” He sucked on her earlobe and muttered, “Leo’s gonna be so jealous.”
Jacob cleared his throat. “Sorry to interrupt, but I need to check on Billy and Pete. They’re outside begging Reggie for a top bunk.” The band’s bus had eight bunks. The top ones belonged to the band members.
Ash chuckled. “That’s not gonna happen. Everyone wants the head room.” He stepped away from his girlfriend. “You can take your dad’s bunk or trade with someone else.” He pulled the curtain back on Ian’s bunk. “How’s Mom doing?”
With a slight smile, Jacob replied, “She’s doing better, real glad to have Dad there.”

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Ash smiled when the bus started to move. The Tate boys were all on the crew’s bus playing video games with a few of the guys. Everyone on their bus was occupied by their phones.
It’s the perfect time. He slipped his hand into Michelle’s and pulled her from the booth they usually ate at. He winked at Reggie and backed down the hallway.
“Where are we going?” Michelle asked quietly.
He stopped at his bunk. “Time to break my mattress in.”
“You sure about this? I thought your bunk was your sanctuary?”
His eyes lit up. “It still is. Need some of my woman to keep me going for the next few weeks. Then later, we can take those pictures you promised.”
She had agreed to a photo shoot of sorts. It made her a bit nervous that he would have dirty pictures of her on his phone, but she knew he wouldn’t share them.
He had promised it would be done in their hotel room in Orlando. That made her more comfortable than his first idea of in his bunk. She knew by his wink that it had been a joke.
“It’s gonna be a bit complicated,” Ash said as he helped her up. “Watch your head.”
Michelle noticed right away that she couldn’t sit up. No wonder they hang out on the couches. She leaned back on her elbows and watched Ash climb in. “I guess it could be worse.” They had already taken their shoes and socks off before they got underway.
“True.” He moved over her and bumped his head slightly. “Our first bus was puny compared to this one. Hauled our stuff in a cargo trailer. All those years of hard work finally paid off.”
She laid down and ran her fingers through his hair to the back. His sigh was expected. “I’d love you even if you were a nobody.” She winked.
“Really?” He leaned on one hand and opened his jean shorts. “So when I’m a washed up has-been, you won’t kick me out?” When she giggled and shook her head, he bit his lip. “That’s good to know.” He peeked down their bodies as she lifted the skirt of her skull print dress. “Is this why you dressed up?” Her blush was adorable. “Easy access, baby.”
His quick removal of her panties in the close quarters baffled her. “Your talents will never cease to amaze me.”
“I got more where that came from.” He carefully settled his hips between her open legs. “Wait ’til you see the fangirls faint for me in the pit.” He bent down and ran his tongue over her ear. “They’re all gonna cry when they see I’m taken on the big screens. Your name on my hands plastered all over the place.” He rubbed his rigid shaft into her moist folds a few times as she whimpered. “Faithful, always… to you.”
She moaned loudly as he put pressure on her clit. “Think they know what we’re doing?”
He smirked and adjusted his arms around her head. “Yep.”
“I know what you’re doing in there,” Leo said at the edge of the curtain. “Can I watch?”
Ash shoved the curtain, in the hope that he’d hit Leo. He only got air. “Fuck off, man!”
“I can see her sexy thighs.” Leo leaned against the far bunk, unable to see a thing. He couldn’t help but torture Ash. “Fuck her harder.”
With a shake of his head, Ash leaned down to Michelle. “Now I know he can’t see anything. He’s being his usual dick self.”
“Can we continue this later?” She didn’t like that anyone could open the curtain. “Maybe when no one’s on the bus?”
Ash sighed. “Yeah, I get it.” He brushed his lips over hers. “I know the perfect time.”
Leo snickered when he saw Ash climb down from his bunk. “Became a minute man, huh?”
“I’m gonna-” Ash quickly swung at Leo.
Michelle grabbed Ash’s arm. “Don’t. He’s just a child who wants attention.” She smirked when Leo’s mouth dropped. “He’s just jealous.”
“Yeah, he is.” Bryce laughed. “Never seen Leo beaten by his wingman.”
Ash joined the laughter. He and Leo had been each other’s wingmen for many years. That part of his life was over. Michelle was definitely enough woman for him.
He pulled her into his arms, leaned down, and pressed his lips to hers for a few seconds. “They’re both jealous as hell. None of them will ever meet a woman as hot as mine.”

###


Thank you for reading Ash and Michelle’s story. If you enjoyed it, please leave a review!


SNEAK PEEKS

SHREDDING DREAMS
Velocity - Book 2

“Dad?” 15-year-old Peter Tate held his phone with a shaky hand that Tuesday afternoon in March. “Dad, something’s wrong with Mom.”
Ian Tate jumped off the couch in the practice room at Velocity’s Apollo Beach, Florida house. “What do you mean something? Is she hurt?” He faintly heard his bandmates voice their concern, but his mind was focused on his family.
“Um…” Peter looked toward his 17-year-old brother William, who held his mother in his arms. She was hysterical, unable to tell them anything. “We’re at the doctor. She won’t tell us what’s wrong. The nurse called because she couldn’t drive herself home.” He swallowed hard. “Dad, is Mom sick?”
It was something he and his wife, Sherry, didn’t want the boys to know. If she was that upset, then the news was bad. They had hoped the biopsy would be negative. He grabbed the keys to his black Charger.
“Pete, we’ll talk about this when you get home. I’ll meet you there.” She had told him the appointment was the next day. Why’d she lie to me? “I gotta go.” It took him seconds to run from the house and get onto his black Harley Road King.
He and Sherry had been separated for two years. It was supposed to be temporary, but she didn’t seem eager to take him back. His mind raced as he rushed to her home in Brandon. It wasn’t far from his place in Riverview, but at that moment, it felt like a million miles. I can’t lose her, too. Please!
He didn’t know what he would do if they said the cancer was inoperable. Although they lived apart, they were still close and were often lovers as well. He didn’t understand why she wouldn’t give him another chance.
His habit of shutting everyone out sometimes upset her. She also didn’t like that he would rather ride his motorcycle to work things out than talk to her. He regretted every damn thing he did to upset her.
“It’s OK, boys,” Ian said when he approached the two cars that had pulled into the family’s driveway. “We’ll explain.” He opened the back and lifted his wife into his arms. “We’ll get through this. I promise you.” After a brief kiss on her forehead, he followed his sons into the house. “Billy, please get your mom a pillow.” He set her on the couch and held her close. “No matter what, I swear I’m here for you.”
She whispered, “I’m sorry I lied to you.” She didn’t want him at the appointment with her because she thought he would get angry at the doctor. He had a hot temper sometimes.
“Ssh.” He kissed her forehead. “It doesn’t matter, baby. I’m here now and I’m not going anywhere.”
As soon as Billy handed him the pillow, Ian carefully put it under her head. Then he took the blanket from Pete and cradled her body. His heart pounded in his ears. She hadn’t told him that their worst fears had come true, but he felt it in his gut.
Tears still fell down Sherry’s cheeks quickly. She couldn’t process the words that she had heard not an hour ago. Her mind spun. She had no idea how they would get through the ordeal.
Lips pressed to her forehead again. Guilt filled her once more. Ian had been there for her in the last few weeks. She had noticed a huge change in him. The man she had married had finally shown himself.
Their separation had obviously devastated him. She didn’t intend it to. What she needed was a break from his brooding. He had a very difficult time dealing with emotions. It drove her crazy. When things got to be too much, he got on his Harley and took off. Sometimes she hated that bike. Years prior, she loved to ride with him. Things had obviously changed.
Her mind drifted from the past to present aimlessly. The emotional overload exhausted her. Her body had weakened with every day she had not gotten checked. She regretted hiding there was a problem. Her body started to give into sleep when she heard soft voices.
Ian smiled at his wife’s finally peaceful face. “One minute,” he whispered to his sons. When her breathing changed, he got to his feet and urged his younger children into the kitchen. “I know as much as you guys. She didn’t tell me anything helpful.” He wasn’t sure what to say to them when he found out the test results.
“Do you know what her appointment was for?” Billy asked as he glanced at his sleeping mother.
Without making eye contact, Ian replied, “I didn’t know she was going. You know we don’t talk like we used to.”
“Everything’ll be OK, Dad.” Pete patted his father’s back. “Maybe she’s just on her period.” His face scrounged up. It was hard to remember his mother was a woman as well.
Ian chuckled at that. “Maybe.” He glanced back at his wife. “Why don’t you guys get to your homework in your rooms so Mom can sleep.”
When alone, he sat in the recliner and tilted his head so he could watch his wife. Their sporadic physical relationship wasn’t enough for him. However, he would rather have something with her than nothing.
The separation wasn’t his idea. It was hers. She had said he couldn’t communicate his feelings, which was true. That had always been the case. She had gotten tired of it. He didn’t know how to change that part of him. At that moment, he would do anything to be what she wanted.

RECKLESS
Triple Threat - Book 1

“Crystal, I got an idea.” My best friend, Chad McLoughlin, picked up my hand. It looked so tiny in his. “You should join Reckless. We need you.”
I laughed, glad he wasn’t thinking about college which loomed over our heads. “Join your band? You’re kidding?” His blue eyes were serious, though.
“I’m not. You’re so much better than Phil, and you know all our songs, too.”
That was true. He and I played them all the time. We also did a lot of Gasoline’s music as well. Gasoline was our favorite band. They came from our southwest New Jersey town, Lindenwold.
With a shrug, I answered, “They’d never let me play.” His bandmates saw me as a groupie most of the time.
“You just have to prove it to them.”
I turned my body on his bed to face him and smiled. His look of desire made me bite my lip. My body reacted to him being so close. It was somewhat frightening. I was deeply attracted to him. Between his long blond, curly hair, strong manly features, well-defined 6’4” body and slight aggressiveness, I found him irresistible.
He was quite opposite of me. I had blue eyes as well, but mine were darker, like some sapphires. His were light, which went well with his very fair skin. My skin had a tiny bit of an olive tone to it, but I still burned after too long in the sun without sunblock. I glanced down at my long dark brown hair that fell over my chest. He loved to run his fingers through it.
My mind drifted to our first kiss. Before I started something I’d later regret, I pushed the thought away. “You really think I can do it?”
His fingers traced my jaw. “Of course I do. You’re beautiful and talented, the perfect combination.” A finger slowly slid down my neck and into my cleavage. “And showing these babies off wouldn’t hurt. When’re you gonna let me-”
I grabbed his hand and placed it on his hip. “I don’t know, Chad. Stop pushing.” The thought of his hands on my body turned me on so much that it felt wrong.
“I’m not pushing, just asking.” He leaned forward and kissed my lips. “You turn me on so much.” He wove his fingers into my hair as he kissed me stronger. “Let me be your first. Please, baby girl. I’ll be as gentle as possible.” He knew I loved it when he called me that.
With shaky hands, I pushed his chest. “I’m scared, and I’m not ready.” I had held off on sexual intercourse because of many reasons. Fear of pain was one of them.
I had also held off on going further with Chad. We often kissed, and sometimes we almost got carried away. More than once, he had asked to fondle me. I always refused, although my body yearned for it. His hormones seemed to rage out of control anytime I was near as well. I just hoped it wasn’t a recipe for disaster. Maybe there was something to what they said about men and women being just friends… It was impossible.
He hugged me tightly. “I’m sorry.”
I felt how hard his cock was against my thigh. My mind reeled with confusion. I wished I were ready to lose my virginity. He would probably be the best lover. He cared so much. He’d make sure I was all right. However, the thought of losing his friendship put the brakes on that idea very quickly.
“Baby.” He ran his fingers through my hair again and brushed his lips over mine. “Are you mad?” Affection was his answer to many problems.
I took a deep breath and put a hand on his waist. “No. Chad, you know I care about you, but… I just can’t lose you.” I was sure if he and I took a chance on a romantic relationship, we could never get back what we had.
“You won’t, I-”
Suddenly, I blurted out, “What about Dana?” It bothered me that he came onto me even when he had a girlfriend. Although I knew he held back with them, it confused me. “Does she mean anything to you?”
“Not as much as you do.” He took my face in his hands. “If you agreed to be with me… I’d never need anyone else.” He brushed his lips over mine yet again.
I closed my eyes, since I understood a little bit. He loved me but was lonely. I guess it was better than never leaving my side. He needed to have a life, too. I was between boyfriends, so I knew the loneliness. The last one had dumped me because I had refused sex.
“Chad! We’re here!”
“Fuck, man!” Chad groaned and reached into his pants. “They’re gonna tease the hell outta me for this.” His aroused state was mostly due to his own mind. Our make out session minutes prior was quite tame compared to some.
I jumped off the bed and turned away from him. “I’m sorry.”
“Hey, it’s not your fault.” He placed his hands on my shoulders. “I gotta learn how to control my dick.”
We quietly walked downstairs and through the house to the garage. I heard Daniel Brandt messing around with his drums. Chad’s mom, Valerie, let them go in through the house when it was cold. Since it was a Sunday in mid-January, it was below freezing outside. She didn’t usually mind the noise from practices. However, she wasn’t thrilled that Chad spent his free time on music instead of his planned major in college, Computer Science. I was sure he could handle both. He was the smartest person I knew.
I sat on a folding chair as Chad pulled his guitar out of its case. Reckless was quite a diverse group, in age and background. That made them unique. Their style was mostly Nu Metal crossed with Metalcore. I usually enjoyed that type of music, but they were definitely missing something.
Chad turned to Andy Peirce, the singer. “I found the perfect rhythm guitarist.” He glanced at me and winked.
I wrung my hands, terrified they wouldn’t accept me. There were all-girl bands in our high school, but that was not the same. If I joined them, it would change things, hopefully for the better.
Eyes closed, I imagined playing for a crowd like Gasoline attracted. Suddenly, Tommy Fischer, their bassist, came into my vision. He played right next to me. Then he leaned forward and kissed me.
“Wait! I play rhythm,” Phil Ferris countered which jolted me out of my fantasy. He was two years behind us in school.
Andy scowled. “Why the fuck d’ ya keep making decisions for all of us?” He was several years older, so he usually balked at anyone else making decisions. It seemed to be a touch of Napoleon complex.
Chad ignored Andy and laughed at Phil. “Sorry man but you suck. We need a roadie anyway.”
“Fuck that, man!” Phil put his guitar on a stand. “You can’t just bring some guy in here after we been working all these months.” He paused a few seconds. “Hey! What d’ you mean I suck?”
Daniel twirled a stick as he sat behind his kit. “Well, you do, dude. None of us wanted to tell you. Guess Chad finally got the balls.”
“If we wanna play gigs, we gotta sound good,” Jay Morris, the bassist, added.
Phil sat down and pouted for a minute then asked, “So, where is he?”
Arms folded over his chest, Andy glared at Chad. “Yeah, where is he? Phil’s replacement could at least be on time.”
Chad grinned. “She’s here.”
“Crystal?” Andy laughed loudly. “You gotta be shitting me!” He was quickly doubled over and couldn’t stop.
Daniel sighed. “We can’t have a girl in the band. No one’d take us seriously.” He tapped a cymbal. “Unless she’s gonna play naked.” His eyebrows rose.
Chad glared at Daniel for a few seconds then turned to me. “Baby.” He handed me his guitar. “Blow them away.”
I smiled widely and got in position to play. I took a deep breath and started Gasoline’s “Devil’s Boy,” assuming the lead role.
When I was done, the garage was completely silent. Everyone stared at me with their mouth open. That included Andy from the floor, where he had fallen. I grinned, more proud of myself than I had ever been.
“How the hell did you do that?” Daniel broke the silence.
Chad beamed. “She’s amazing. Ain’t she?” He kissed my cheek. “See, baby girl. Told ya.” He had never been so excited.
“I know.” I looked up at him as he towered over me. “You taught me well.”
Phil jumped up. “So, what’re you guys waiting for? She kicks ass! Tell her she can play!”

WICKED END
Wicked End - Book 1

“Ugh! You dick!” Mackenzie Winters screamed as she slapped Brett across the face. She wanted to punch him, but she didn’t want him to possibly bring charges against her. “If you ever touch me again, I’ll sue your ass and tell Winston what a slime ball you really are.” She easily took on men twice her size without batting an eye.
Brett froze in the hallway of their Dallas hotel. They were about to leave for home. “How can you refuse me?” He grabbed her left wrist. “No one says no to me.” He yanked her closer.
“Fuck off, you disgusting son of a bitch!” She slugged him in the eye, and he jumped back.
He cried out and held his face in his hands. “You’re so lucky we’re not alone.” He knew there were a few witnesses and that she had only defended herself.
“And you’re lucky I didn’t punch you hard.” She seethed. “Try me, and I’ll break your pretty little nose.” She laughed when he back pedaled and tripped over his luggage. “Keep the fuck away from me.”
She stormed toward the elevator, filled with rage. They had been there to teach a cold calling class.
It was a Thursday afternoon in the middle of August, so she had been there most of the week. Her company had recruited her to be a part-time trainer because she brought in the most new investment clients per week. Glad that’s fucking over!
Her mind drifted back a few days. On the flight there, Brett had noticed her freaking out and held her hand. She had been too terrified to pull it away.
That had given him the opportunity to pull her closer and try to kiss her. The slap to the face had startled him, but he was a persistent bastard. If he weren’t the only full time trainer in the Southeast at her company, she would ask to work with someone else.
When she found herself outside the hotel, she quickly climbed into a taxi. Her company had paid for everything on that trip. Most times she liked the fancy hotel rooms.
However, that trip had been a nightmare. Their boss, Winston, would get an earful when she arrived. Thankfully, she wasn’t headed home to Fort Lauderdale.
Once through airport security, she got a cup of coffee and relaxed in a chair. She hoped the flight was smooth. Planes made her nervous.
Technically, it was the takeoff and landing that frightened her. The shaking urged her imagination to go places it shouldn’t when thousands of feet above ground.
She sighed and pulled out her phone. There was a text from Brandon Knight, lead guitarist of Wicked End. A grin spread across her face. He could light up the darkest day. The only reason she was traveling back to Baltimore instead of Fort Lauderdale was to see him.
It had been months since their last rendezvous because they hadn’t been free at the same time. She wished they still lived in the same city. Things were simpler back then.
When Brandon was available, he gave her relief from all her needs at once. Sex with him satisfied her on a level that no one could come close to. It was as if he soothed her body, heart and soul.
It was quite amazing that 12 years later, they still had the same passion for each other. Even a quick fuck against the wall brought forth emotions in her that no one else created.
She had no idea why or how he did it, but she never wanted to let him go. She took any excuse to spend time with him, even if it was only a few hours. One day, she hoped they could have a week or so to explore what it was that he gave her.
Mackenzie wiped a tear from her eye. Even when he was miles away, Brandon affected her. A brief thought of a terrible day many years ago came to her. The day she knew her father was gone.
If not for Brandon, she had no clue how she would have gotten through that day, never mind her teenage years. She shook off the memory, not wanting to cry alone. Then she glanced down at her phone’s screen.
How was your trip?
She smiled and replied:
It would’ve been better with you instead of Brett.
They made you go with that asshole?
She frowned.
Yes, and he grabbed me again. I should’ve broken his nose.
One of these days, I’m gonna kick his ass.
She regretted the complaint immediately, so she sent back:
Then you’d be in jail on an assault charge.
True. Is your flight on time?
Brandon was supposed to pick her up in Baltimore. She was more excited than ever before. With a smirk, she replied to him, sure he would get a kick out of the response.

*** ♫♪♫♪ ***

Brandon sat on the couch in his living room. He awaited Mackenzie’s reply to his text about her flight. There was a football game on the widescreen television mounted to the opposite wall, but he didn’t even know the score.
The large house was lonely with just him in it. He was glad Mackenzie could share it with him for a few hours.
A guitar on his lap, he played a song he had written for her on his last tour. She had never heard it, and he hoped she never found out it was about her.
He had poured his heart into it on an emotional day, but it told exactly how he felt about her. In his head, he heard Jake singing it, and his eyes closed.
His phone chirped and jolted him back to reality. He took a deep breath and read the message.
Yes. Can’t wait to rip your fucking clothes off.
He laughed. She was always super raunchy and kinky as hell. Imagine if her coworkers knew her like I do?
If she only knew that he wanted more than sex, more than friendship. He wanted her to be his. Since he knew how she felt about dating and love, he was sure it was an impossible dream.
She had gotten so deep inside him that he had trouble breathing without her. He had never expected it to happen, but somehow serious feelings had developed.
He wished he could find a way to show her that dating wasn’t so bad. She didn’t have to end up grieving like her mother did.
The past few months without her had made him see how much he truly cared for her. He looked forward to her calls and texted her about everything.
The guys in his band thought she was his girlfriend anyway, so not much would change for him. He had to ease her fear of heartbreak. If he had a way to make her feel what he did, he would.
Maybe we can spend a few weeks together after the next tour ends? He had noticed that the more time they spent together, the closer they became. Could that be why I miss her so much?
Their last get together was in California. She had come for a long weekend and met him at the recording studio. After four days together, he almost broke down when she left. He had never reacted like that before. What would happen if we spent a week together?

GASOLINE
Gasoline - Book 1

Dominic Spinelli, Gasoline’s lead guitarist, glanced up at their drummer, Jon Harris. They stood in the hallway of the tour bus. “Something’s up with Dean. He’s more antsy than usual.”
“Really?” Jon’s eyes moved to the front of the bus. “Think he’s using?”
Unsure, Dominic shrugged. “I haven’t seen the usual signs, but something’s not right.”
“Maybe he’s bored?” Jon caught a glimpse of Dean staring at the lone female on the bus that night. “Or he’s stressed?”
Dominic hoped that was all it was. “Keep an eye on him. I don’t trust him.”
At the front of the bus, Dean Johnson, Gasoline’s vocalist and rhythm guitarist, leered at the hot young female bassist who was bent over nearby. “Gimme another beer.”
Crystal Atkinson of Triple Treat rolled her eyes. She had grown tired of Dean’s demands minutes into the trip to Michigan. “No.”
“Come on, ba—by.” Dean leaned over the kitchenette table toward her. His deep brown hair fell in front of his eyes. Most women found that sexy. “Unless you plan to give me a blowjob.”
She scowled. “Don’t call me that!”
Unperturbed, he licked his lips as he scanned her young body. With her small frame and large breasts, he couldn’t resist. She, however, turned him down every time. It bothered him.
If they had not been cramped on the crew’s tour bus with an insane amount of people, he would force her to accept his affections.
Crystal shivered. The look in Dean’s dark eyes frightened her more times than not. With a false air of confidence, she shook her head as she handed Dean a sixth brew. “You had enough.” Her eyebrows went up when she saw his black fingernails. That’s new.
As he approached the front, Dominic shook his head. “She’s not your slave, asshole. You’re not 17, you’re 37. Act like it.” He was tired of Dean expecting Crystal to do everything for him. “Giovanni… Jon… Dean’s using Crystal as his gofer again.”
“She won’t let me fuck her,” Dean announced. “The least she could do is show me a little pussy and bring me my drinks. Come sit on my lap and-” A big hand hit him on the back of the head and he choked. “Hey!”
Jon growled at him, “What did I tell you? For the last time, hands off!”
“I didn’t touch her,” Dean protested. His eyes opened wide when the much larger man raised his hand again. He knew Jon had a temper if he was pushed too far.
“Did he?” Jon looked to Crystal, and she shook her head. “Then stop asking her to do shit.” He grabbed a soda and returned to the back where he and a few others were watching a Sylvester Stallone movie.
Dominic laughed. He loved when Dean was put in his place. The fifteen-hour ride was not even half over and Dean had barked orders for half of it. “Just keep drinking.” If he drinks himself into a stupor, at least he’ll shut up.
Crystal sat beside Dominic. She felt achy and tired. The symptoms made her nervous, since she had yet to begin her monthly cycle. Although, it had been a long day and she had stood in boots for most of it. “Do you guys have aspirin or anything?”
“You can’t take that!” Chad McLoughlin shouted as he walked into the main cabin. He was Triple Threat’s lead guitarist. His blue eyes opened wide when he realized everyone had heard him. “I heard it can cause stomach problems.”
He knew there was still the possibility she was carrying his child. That was something they wanted no one else to know.
As she glared up at Chad, Crystal replied, “Then whatever. I need something for my back.”
Dominic noticed the staring contest, but decided he should ask in private what was going on between them. “Giovanni, can you grab my bag back there?”
“Yeah,” Giovanni Saracino, Triple Threat’s drummer and Crystal’s boyfriend, yelled back from the edge of the front room. Soon he came down the hall with the red bag in tow. “What happened?”
Dominic searched through the pockets of his medical bag that he had carried around since he had first become a paramedic many years ago. “Crystal has a backache. Maybe one of the guys’ll let you sleep in a bunk instead.”
Because their second bus had broken down unexpectedly, they had brought sleeping bags and airbeds.
It was close to midnight, so some were half-asleep. Giovanni and Crystal were set to sleep on a small airbed in the back room.
Dominic was almost sure if she did, she would wake up in pain. He pulled out a bottle of acetaminophen. “I think this is all I got. Most of the guys use alcohol. You’re off your meds. Have a beer.”
Chad pursed his lips and kept his eyes on her. He wanted to say something badly, but he didn’t want to reveal their secret. Giovanni would beat him to within an inch of his life if he knew he had fucked her again.
“I don’t like Heineken.” Crystal took the pills and a swig of water. “Thanks.”
Chad sighed with relief. “Why don’t you go lay down? Are any of the bunks free for a few hours?”
Tommy Fischer, Gasoline’s bassist and youngest member, grinned madly while he laid in his bed a few feet away. Sex was why he always chose a top bunk, more head room. He hoped he got some before they arrived in Michigan.
Since Crystal was the only female, she was his only chance. He quickly texted Giovanni:
Mine is.


ABOUT THE AUTHOR



Bella Jeanisse lives for rock music. Addicted to concerts, Avenged Sevenfold, fictional rockers, and blasting music in the car, she can’t get enough. After her father turned her on to Queen, there was no going back. Of course, it didn’t stop there. Playing guitar became a pastime, which didn’t turn into a career… until she started to pen her fantasies and publish them.

Originally from Brooklyn, New York City, she grew up with access to clubs like L’Amour and CBGBs, hung out in Greenwich Village, as well as had plenty of friends in bands. No wonder rockers stayed on her mind. Bringing her ideas to life was a long time coming.

She is now living near Tampa, FL with 3 kids and 2 grandkids, as a single mom. Her family supports her writing even when it seems to take up more time than they feel is necessary. Can’t stop the muse, ya know!

Besides erotic rock star romances, Bella also writes about wild bikers, hot college men and more.


CONNECT WITH ME

Facebook profile: https://www.facebook.com/bella.jeanisse
Facebook author page: https://www.facebook.com/Bella.Jeanisse.Books
Facebook fan group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/866525666714069/
Facebook street team: https://www.facebook.com/groups/339160419575295/
Wattpad: http://www.wattpad.com/user/BellaJeanisse
Twitter: https://twitter.com/BellaJeanisse
Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6449103.Bella_Jeanisse
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/BellaJeanisse
Website: http://bellajeanisse.com/
Newsletter: http://eepurl.com/bZ62XD
Review team: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScUu67nY1ISsqpskJHZGmD8UPzepUPhBrwcUfC5smzG6mKzkw/viewform
