



About the Book

When Rollica Reed is left an orphan at the age of sixteen, a friend of her father's takes her in, much to the dismay of his wife and two older daughters who consider themselves to be the cream of Victorian society. The wife and daughters resent Rollica as an intruder, and try to make her life wretched, humiliating her in front of friends and telling her she is too common to be a lady. The two unmarried daughters are also concerned by Rollica's naturally good looks, and want to cut her off from meeting any of their friends. Rollica soon learns she must not show any sign of weakness if she is to survive. But can she ever forgive?


Rollica Reed
by
Eliza Kerr

White Tree Publishing
Abridged Edition

Original book first published 1890

This abridged edition ©Chris Wright 2018

e-Book ISBN: 978-1-9997899-6-1

Published by
White Tree Publishing
Bristol
UNITED KINGDOM

wtpbristol@gmail.com

Full list of books and updates on
www.whitetreepublishing.com


Rollica Reed is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the copyright owner of this abridged edition.

Table of Contents

Cover

About the Book

Introduction

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21

Chapter 22

Chapter 23

About White Tree Publishing

More Books from White Tree Publishing

Christian non-fiction

Christian Fiction

Younger Readers


Introduction

There were many prolific Christian writers in the last part of the nineteenth century and the early twentieth. The majority of these books were fairly heavy-handed moral tales and warnings to young people, rather than romances. Two writers spring to mind who wrote romantic fiction for adults -- Mrs. O. F. Walton and Margaret S. Haycraft, whose works are still popular today. Our White Tree Publishing editions from these authors have been sensitively abridged and edited to make them much more acceptable to today's general readers, rather than publishing them unedited for students of Victorian prose. The characters and storyline are always left intact.
Eliza Kerr is less well known than Mrs. Walton and Margaret Haycraft, but she wrote similar books, but with perhaps less emphasis on romance, but in a similar style to the books of Walton and Haycraft. We have already welcomed Hazel Haldene and Keena Karmody to our catalogue, and will be publishing more books from Eliza Kerr in 2018. The titles and release dates will be announced on our website.
Victorian and early twentieth century books by Christian and secular writers can be over-sentimental, referring throughout, for example, to a mother as the dear, sweet mother, and a child as the darling little child. In our abridged editions overindulgent descriptions of people have been shortened to make a more robust story, but the characters and storylines are always unchanged.
A problem of Victorian writers is the tendency to insert intrusive comments concerning what is going to happen later in the story. Today we call them spoilers. They are usually along the lines of: "Little did he/she know that...." I have removed these when appropriate.
£6,000 in the late 1800s may not sound much, but in value it is worth about £750,000 pounds today (about US $1,000,000). I mention this in case the sums of money in this book sound insignificant!
Chris Wright
Editor

NOTE
There are 23 chapters in this book. In the second half are advertisements for our other books, so the story may end earlier than expected! The last chapter is marked as such. We aim to make our eBooks free or for a nominal cost, and cannot invest in other forms of advertising. However, word of mouth by satisfied readers will also help get our books more widely known. When the story ends, please take a look at what we publish: Christian non-fiction, Christian fiction, and books for younger readers.

Chapter 1

"I THINK you said she was not a relation, mother," said Adelaide Hamilton languidly, as she sat by the drawing room fire one cold November afternoon. "Why then are we extending our charity to her? If father has so much money that he must spend it on strangers in order to get rid of it, he might increase our dress allowance. I am sure no girls in the neighbourhood have such small allowances to dress on as Kate and I have. Amy Hudson has twice as much, and her father is not so very rich."
"Dr. Hudson has a very good practice," answered Mrs. Hamilton. "But this girl, Rollica Reed, is a relation of your father's on her mother's side, and now that she is left destitute he finds it his duty to take her into his house. Indeed, he told me she was to be treated as a daughter," added the lady wrathfully, and with a scornful toss of her head. "Imagine my receiving an insignificant nobody as a daughter!"
"We cannot imagine it, mother dear," laughed Kate Hamilton, who entered the room at that moment. "All the Darcy pride would be up in arms at the idea. I suppose the insignificant nobody is Rollica Reed?"
"You may laugh, Kate," said Adelaide, an angry colour rising in her cheeks, "but you won't like another girl in the house who will take the money that ought to be ours for dress."
"No, I won't like that, certainly; but if she does get money for dress, I will see that most of it goes into my own pocket."
"I would be glad to know how you are going to manage that," spoke Adelaide, with an incredulous smile.
"I shall manage it. You are too lazy sometimes to look after your own interests, but I am never lazy. Perhaps I have not your repose of manner, or the calm pride of my lady mother, but I am successful enough in society. What do I care for more? I shall persuade, or make, our young relative give me what I want."
"You must be careful what you do," said Mrs. Hamilton quickly and somewhat anxiously. Her younger daughter was occasionally a source of vexation and trouble to her. "Your father will not allow any injustice to his old friend's child, should it come to his ears."
"Oh, I'll be careful enough," returned Kate. "Father won't hear any tales."
"You were not careful about Bathsheba," persisted Mrs. Hamilton almost angrily. "You know how annoyed your father was about that affair. I don't want any unpleasantness just now, for our party must be a success."
"But Bathsheba is different, and perhaps I was rather too outspoken that time. Father is so odd in some things. Fancy having a cousin a charwoman in the very neighbourhood in which we live, and fancy being obliged to employ her in our own house!"
"She is not a cousin," spoke Mrs. Hamilton haughtily. "And many good families have poor relations."
"Well, she said she was my cousin, as impudently as possible that day I met her on the stairs."
"You should have taken no notice of her. People of her class are always very clever with their tongues. They allow themselves a freedom of speech not permissible amongst ladies and gentlemen. She never insults me, or talks impertinently. You deserved what she gave you that day for interfering with her at all."
Kate turned away with an indignant movement. She would have liked to have answered her mother rudely, but she dared not do so. She was not afraid to laugh and talk with absolute freedom, but Mrs. Hamilton did not permit any outward disrespect, though Kate often spoke to her in a manner that she highly disapproved of.
Mr. Hamilton was a wealthy solicitor, living with his wife, his two daughters and his son in the vicinity of Astley, a little town in the south of England. He was a good-natured, upright man in many respects, well thought of by his neighbours, and rather feared by his wife and selfish daughters. His son George was in partnership with him, and was now twenty-five years of age. Adelaide and Kate were respectively two and three years younger.
About three years before the opening of our story, a shabbily dressed woman, past her first youth, appeared in Mr. Hamilton's office and announced to him that she was a cousin of his, that she was poor, and by trade a charwoman, and that she would be glad of his recommendation on her settling in the town and trying to obtain work.
At first he was considerably annoyed, and refused to believe her statements until she proved clearly that she was speaking nothing but the truth. Then he tried to persuade her to settle in some other town, promising that if she would do so, he would give her a sum of money and a letter vouching for her honesty and respectability.
No, she would try and get work in no other town but Astley, for she was alone in the world, and a stranger in England, she said. She grew more determined when she perceived how much Mr. Hamilton's pride was hurt by the relationship. He thought the matter over seriously for a few minutes. If he refused to help her, she would remain in Astley all the same, for she seemed a resolute woman, and would likely tell everyone that he was ashamed to own the relationship; and then people would laugh at him. On the contrary, if he befriended her, she would probably hold her tongue about the relationship, and no harm would be done.
The fact of his having a poor relation was in itself no disgrace, but it would have been better had she taken up her abode in some other town where he was not known. Having made up his mind at last, he said gravely to her, "As you are resolved to remain in Astley, I must help you. I will speak to my wife about you. I believe a woman comes to the house twice a week to help the servants. I will ask Mrs. Hamilton to try you. If she is content with you, that will be introduction enough for you. A woman whom my wife employs will soon have work enough offered to her. If you would keep our relationship as much as possible to yourself, I would be glad, but I place no restriction on you."
She was silent for an instant, then she answered quietly, "Thank you. I believe you are a decent, upright man. I will try to hold my tongue about the relationship, but tongue and temper sometimes get the better of my discretion. I'll please your wife, surely. My mother was a well-known Dublin charwoman for many years. I learned the trade off her."
"I wish you had stayed in Dublin," thought Mr. Hamilton.
"Where do your wife and children live? And where can I get a clean lodging?"
He did not like her question about his wife and children.
"You must remember," he spoke very gravely, "that my wife is a lady, and my daughters have been brought up and educated as ladies. Even if I acknowledge the relationship, they may not care to do so."
"Oh, I want none of their society. I only want to earn my bread honestly."
He then directed her where to go for a temporary lodging, and when she had time she could find a suitable home for herself.
"You will want a little money to pay your way until you have regular work," he said in conclusion, offering her some silver.
"No, thank you, sir, I have what'll keep me until I earn more. I am no beggar."
Then she walked out of the office, a strange-looking figure in her red cloak and close "cottage" bonnet.
Mrs. Hamilton was very angry when her husband told her of his cousin, Bathsheba O'Connor, but she was obliged to do as he wished in the matter, and after a few months she ceased to trouble herself about her new charwoman. Bathsheba, though peculiar, was quiet in her manner, and gave no cause of offence either to Mrs. Hamilton or Adelaide; but Kate and she had had one serious altercation, on which occasion the charwoman had been the victor, being an adept in the art of bitter replies.

On a cold, wet day late in November, Rollica Reed arrived in her new home. Because of some mistake about the trains, no one had gone to the station to meet her, and feeling very lonely and weary she stood in the hall of The Moat, Mr. Hamilton's house, which was about a mile outside the town. The housemaid opened the drawing room door and announced her, while a strange-looking, black-eyed woman helped to carry in her trunks. Mrs. Hamilton rose from her chair with an exclamation, and kissed her coldly.
"We thought you were not coming until the later train," she said in a half-explanatory tone.
Mr. Hamilton entered the room hastily at that moment. "Rollica Reed has come, and no one was at the station to meet her!" he said sternly.
"There was a mistake about the train," replied his wife quickly.
"Oh, you are welcome, my dear," he went on, turning to the stranger, and greeting her much more warmly than Mrs. Hamilton had done. "You must have had a miserable journey. You will be glad of rest, and tea before dinner. These are my daughters Adelaide and Kate; you will be good friends, I am sure. Kate, take Rollica to her room, and see that she has everything she requires."
Then Mr. Hamilton, satisfied that he had done his duty, and shown his wife and daughters how he wished Rollica to be treated, took up a newspaper and waited for dinner.
Meanwhile Kate led Rollica to her room, a small, badly furnished one next to the servants' apartments.
"You are tall for your age," she remarked, while Rollica took off her hat and jacket, and unstrapped one of her trunks.
"I don't suppose I shall grow any more," replied the girl, with an involuntary smile at the patronizing tone; "I am sixteen."
"Oh, I grew after I was sixteen. You are little more than a child. You are not really old enough to dine with us at night, but father will allow you. He is foolish about some things. I see you have not turned your hair up yet. You still wear it down your back in a plait."
"My mother liked it arranged in this fashion," was Rollica's answer, while a shadow fell across her face.
"Oh, indeed? I hear you have just come from France."
"I am only two days in England."
"Can you speak French?"
"Oh yes, I have spoken it all my life," replied Rollica, wondering when Kate would cease questioning her and leave her alone to change her dress.
There was a knock at the bedroom door at that moment. "I have brought Miss Reed some hot water," announced Bathsheba, who had not yet gone to her home.
Rollica took the can of hot water with a bright smile, and a pleasant "Thank you." She was so glad to get the water, and she had not liked to ask for it.
"I need not detain you, Kate. I shall not be long until I am ready for dinner."
"Oh, I must go and dress, of course, but no one expects you to dress. You cannot have many dresses, and you will not be noticed. I wonder what kept that woman so late tonight; I mean the odd creature that brought the water. She is a charwoman who comes in to help our servants. It was most impertinent of her to bring you hot water unbidden. I am sure no one told her to do so."
Rollica coloured hotly. "Then it was very kind of her to think of me," she said warmly. "Is it against the rules of the house to use warm water in the bedrooms in winter?"
"Certainly not; we use it ourselves. But you are different from us, you know. You must not expect to be treated in the same fashion as a daughter of the house."
"Better to show that girl her place at once," she muttered to herself. "Father will give her false ideas of her position here, and I am the only one with sufficient energy to put her down. Adelaide will take very little notice of her; and mother ... well, mother will be herself, no doubt. A daughter of the house indeed! Oh no, my dear, not until we are married. But I am afraid she will be pretty; her hair is nice now."
Rollica felt more forlorn than ever when Kate left the bedroom. It was with trembling hands and a strong inclination to weep that she performed her simple toilette, and prepared to descend to the drawing room. But she determined she would not be so foolish as to allow her feelings to overcome her, and she resolved to make the best of everything. Kate surely did not mean to be unkind; perhaps it was only her manner. Mr. Hamilton had been almost affectionate in his welcome, and Mrs. Hamilton and Adelaide had kissed her. No, she would not be imagining trouble that did not exist.

Chapter 2

WHEN Rollica had been a month in The Moat, she perceived that she was not a welcome addition to the household, and the knowledge naturally caused her to feel unhappy and uncomfortable. Mr. Hamilton was always kind to her, and that strange, black-eyed charwoman was very attentive to her when opportunity occurred for such attention. But Mrs. Hamilton was always cold and polite, and Adelaide and Kate took little notice of her. She had as yet seen scarcely anything of their brother George.
She had no other home to go to, and her father had left her to the care of his friend and kinsman, Mr. Hamilton, so she knew she must try to be happy where she was, and try -- yes, try to win the love of her kinsfolk. In two years' time she hoped to be able to earn her livelihood as a governess, for she would then be eighteen. At present she was too young to offer herself for such a position. She had been very well educated, partly by her father himself, and partly by masters. If only she could retain the knowledge she had gained, she might hope to obtain a good post as governess.
One day, just before Christmas, she told Mrs. Hamilton of her plan, and asked if she might practise regularly on the piano in the morning room, and study for a couple of hours every day. That lady would have refused the request at once, but prudence forbade. If the girl forgot what she had learned, she would be unfit to be a governess, and then she would always be in the house in everyone's way, whereas if she obtained a situation in some respectable family at a distance from Astley it would be a good thing for all parties concerned, and Mr. Hamilton could offer no objection.
"You are right to wish to support yourself," she said, more graciously than usual. "Mr. Hamilton, though wealthy, has enough to do with his money, and you have no real claim on him. Adelaide and Kate are always requiring new dresses, for they go much into society, as you must have seen, and it is only just they should have every advantage their father's wealth can afford them, Yes; you may sing and play every day, but shut the morning room door, and make as little noise as possible. As to studying, you may remain in your own room as long as you like. Only be sure you are punctual in your attendance at meals."
Glad of even that sort of permission to continue her studies, Rollica felt more light-hearted, and she resolved to endure the coldness of those around her as patiently as she could, for it would only be for two years. Ah, but two years would be a long time -- a very long time! To have no one to talk to all that time, to have no one to walk with, sing to, no companionship at all. The prospect was not an enticing one. Her parents had been dead more than a year, but while they lived she was their almost constant companion, and after they left her she had been in a large private school, so the present loneliness was hard to bear.
One dull December day, when the family was assembled at dinner, Mr. Hamilton's attention was attracted by a curiously carved ring with one large diamond in the centre, which Rollica wore. So little had the ladies of the family seen of Rollica since her arrival in the house, that they had not noticed the ring until Mr. Hamilton's exclamation now made them turn their eyes to the girl's hand.
"It is a very quaint-looking article, and very valuable, I should say. May I see it, Rollica?"
She handed it to him with a sad smile. "My father gave it to me before he died," she said softly. "It has been in our family for many generations."
"Her family!" thought Adelaide and Kate. "One would imagine she was somebody, to hear her talk of her family."
Mr. Hamilton examined the ring carefully, and then passed it on to his son George, whose curiosity had been aroused and attention arrested by the girl's words and manner.
"It is a beautiful ring, my dear. You must be careful not to lose it. What are those words carved in the mount around the diamond?"
"That is the motto of our house," Rollica answered. "The word is 'Foursquare.'"
"Foursquare!" echoed Mr. Hamilton. "What does that mean in this case? How can that word be your motto?"
"It was chosen originally from a verse in the book of Revelation in the Bible: 'And he that talked with me had a golden reed to measure the city, and the gates thereof, and the wall thereof. And the city lieth foursquare, and the length is as large as the breadth.' The idea is that the character of every Reed should be foursquare, that is, good all round; that no meanness, or hypocrisy, or wickedness should sully us; that as heaven, our final home, is altogether beautiful, foursquare in fact, so should we aim to be. We must not be content with being partially Christians, we must always try to be Christlike all round."
"What a strange idea!" replied Mr. Hamilton, with an uneasy sort of laugh. "I don't suppose many wearers of your ring have come up to that standard of excellence. Many a good man, and many a good woman, good in a general large sense, I mean, have little faults difficult to overcome, and difficult even to recognise as sins. Some are wanting in the charity described in the Bible, some tell what are called "white lies," some are bad-tempered. Oh, there are many small faults, so many that we scarcely know them as faults in ourselves, though we may recognise them as such in others. No, no, the standard of excellence is too high -- too high. Foursquare! No, no, impossible!"
He seemed to be talking to himself rather than to Rollica in the end, and finally relapsed into an abstracted silence.
Adelaide and Kate stared at their father and at Rollica in amazement, and George returned the ring with a polite "Thank you."
Mrs. Hamilton was longing to see this curious ring more closely, but it was against her principles to take so much notice of Rollica.
When dinner was over, and they were all seated in the drawing room, except Mr. Hamilton, Kate said, with a sneering laugh, to Rollica, "What a sensational tale you told my father at dinner! I really feel a degree of interest in your ring. Will you take it off your finger once more for my special edification?"
Although inwardly resenting Kate's manner, Rollica complied with her request.
"It is a fine article of jewellery, much too fine for you to possess. Don't you want to see it, Adelaide?"
"Oh dear no! I feel no interest in ghost stories or saintly relics. I suppose we shall have Rollica sitting in judgment on us presently, if we are not as puritanical as her ancestors."
But her want of curiosity was only feigned, for she and her mother had both looked at the ring when it was in Kate's hand.
"It is no ghost story," said Rollica hotly. "It is a well-known fact."
"I perceive, my dear young kinswoman, that you don't intend to make your character foursquare, or why this unseemly warmth, this want of meekness? I think a meek spirit is commended in the Bible."
"Yes, a meek spirit is commended, but it is very hard to speak gently when you are so cruel to me, Kate. How have I offended you? I would be glad to do anything to please you. I do want to love you all, but you won't let me be anything but an unwelcome intruder. It is not my fault that I am alone in the world, and that my father left me to Mr. Hamilton's care."
She spoke passionately, while tears filled her eyes, and a red colour rose to her face. At that moment Bathsheba, with a housemaid's cap on her black hair, entered the drawing room almost noiselessly, put coal on the fire, and withdrew in the same slow, quiet manner.
Both Adelaide and Kate exclaimed, as the door closed, but Mrs. Hamilton said calmly, "The housemaid is sick, and Bathsheba is taking her place for a few days."
"Horrid creature!" cried Kate angrily. "She slips about like a cat, and I believe she listens at the doors. That door is not shut now."
"Well, close it, and don't fuss yourself for nothing," remarked Adelaide.
"I am not fussing myself for nothing. She is a most interfering creature. The night Rollica arrived, she brought hot water to her room. Most impertinent of her!"
"I think it was very kind of her," said Rollica quickly.
"Let us have no more of this unbecoming quarrelling," said Mrs. Hamilton. "Rollica, please say no more. You must not answer Kate in such a free fashion. She is much older than you are, and in a different position in life, whatever your rightful station may be. You may feel that you are somebody when you have that ring on your finger, and when you are talking in a superior tone of your ancestors, but such false pride will not help you to be a good and successful governess. I have no objection to your practising what you preached at dinner; I wish to see a meek and quiet spirit in you; but I greatly fear that you are like many preachers of righteousness -- inconsistent. However, you are but an ignorant young girl yet. Let us hear no more on the subject."
Adelaide sat down to the piano and began to sing a new song that had been sent to her that day, and Kate opened a book. George had not taken any part in the previous conversation but had watched Rollica rising indignation and heard Kate's irritating remarks with an amused smile. For the first time it occurred to him that the new inmate of The Moat was a pretty girl, or would be pretty by and by, and that she would be rather in the way of his sisters at future parties and entertainments. But his interest in her was of a very languid nature, all his thoughts being absorbed in the endeavour to find out how to make himself acceptable in the eyes of Amy Hudson, old Dr. Hudson's only child and heiress.
Presently Rollica quietly left the drawing room and retired to her own room, feeling miserable and unhappy. She found a bright little fire burning in her grate, a bunch of Christmas roses on her dressing table, and Bathsheba just drawing down the blinds.
"I brought you those flowers out of my own garden," the woman said quickly, when Rollica uttered an exclamation of pleasure. "I thought you'd be leaving the company soon tonight. It was more uninviting even than usual, so I lit a bit of fire for fear you'd be cold."
"Oh, thank you, Bathsheba!" replied Rollica, her heart already warmed by the unexpected kindness. "I am so glad to have your flowers, they are lovely! But ought you to have made a fire for me? I don't think Mrs. Hamilton would allow me a fire in my bedroom."
"Oh, it's all right for once in a way. I will look after the stranger and the orphan. I am a stranger without friends myself, and I'm an orphan too. Poor little soul, my heart went out to you that first night when I saw you standing so forlorn in the hall. I knew my cousins wouldn't love you."
"Your cousins?" cried Rollica.
"Ay, my cousins; that's what they are, though it's some degrees removed. Hush about it, though. I as good as promised Mr. Hamilton I wouldn't talk of the relationship to anyone. You're different; there's no harm in telling you. Kate hates me; the mistress and Adelaide don't bother me, so we get on well enough."
"How curiously it sounds," said Rollica wonderingly. "That is the reason Kate speaks so sharply of you."
"But she's afraid to speak sharply to my face now, for she got the worst of it last time." And Bathsheba laughed well pleased. "But will you let me be your friend? We are both orphans, and alone. I have a snug little cottage on the road to the town. Will you come and see me sometimes? Just now I'm staying here, but the housemaid will soon be well."
Rollica shrank back involuntarily from the proffered hand. This woman would be no fit friend for her. Her pride forbade her having a friend in such a lowly station.
"I'm not worthy to shake hands with you, I know, Miss Rollica," said Bathsheba humbly, as her hand fell to her side. "I know a lady when I meet one, and you're a real lady. But I thought maybe you'd let the charwoman speak to you sometimes, and do little things for you. It's so lonely having no one to love and no one to serve. Your sweet face'd brighten my poor home like sunshine. I'd never have forgotten the difference between us, I'd never have presumed to think I was your equal. But I dreamed that you would speak to me when you met me here in the house, and that you would come and sit in my poor cottage sometimes and talk to me, and tell me lovely things like you told tonight at dinner; and I'd wait on you, and make you a bit of hot cake that you'd condescend to eat."

Chapter 3

WITH a low "Good-night, Miss Rollica," Bathsheba was leaving the room, when Rollica sprang forward and caught her hand.
"I will come and see you. I will be glad of your friendship, Bathsheba. Forgive my momentary hesitation."
The gratified woman turned and solemnly shook hands with her. "There, Miss Rollica, that's a sign that I'm your humble friend always, pledged to love and help you, if ever it will be in my power to help such as you. It was only as a sort of pledge that I wanted to shake hands just now. I'm sure you think I'm a strange sort of person, and so I am maybe, but for all that I have a heart like anyone else, and I get such a dreary, empty feeling when I remember that I haven't one in all the world to love, not one that cares about me either."
Rollica own eyes grew dim as she listened to the sad words, and saw the change in the harsh, forbidding features of the speaker.
"There, there! I mustn't be a fool, a crying baby. I'm hard enough to bear any ill-usage the world gives me. Goodnight again, Miss Rollica dear. Don't be downhearted. You're young, and good, and pretty. There's fine days in store for you yet."
So saying, she left the room, and Rollica seated herself by her bright little fire, and thought over her strange friend, and her own position in the house.

Christmas passed with the usual festivities. Astley was a bright and cheerful place, and the people living round it gave many parties and many entertainments of various sorts, Mrs. Hamilton not being behind her neighbours. At the large party given on Christmas Eve, Rollica was not present; but as Mr. Hamilton noticed her absence when the evening was half over and expressed displeasure at it to his wife, Mrs. Hamilton was obliged, against her will, to include her in the list of guests to be assembled at the end of January to celebrate the birthday of her daughter Adelaide.
On the morning of the day of the party, Mrs. Hamilton told her daughters that Mr. Hamilton insisted on Rollica being present at every entertainment given in his house.
"Then I suppose she will be in the drawing room tonight," said Adelaide.
"Yes, but as she is so young, and so manifestly a schoolgirl, her presence or absence can make no difference."
"But that is just what she is not," declared Kate hotly. "She has all the assurance of a young lady of twenty, accustomed to good society all her life. She must not be present tonight"
"What is the matter with you, Kate?" asked Adelaide in surprise, and George, who was in the room, looked interested in Kate's answer.
"I don't like the girl. I never have done so since she came to the house; and father has made her an allowance for dress."
"Oh, it is that last that is troubling you," laughed George. "But she must have some money to buy clothes when her own wear out. She cannot go about in rags."
"You are stupid and selfish. All men are!" retorted Kate still more angrily. "Perhaps you would understand me if you had as little pocket money as I have. When I asked father for more, he said I had enough, and that he did not wish to spend too much money just now. And yet he is giving Rollica an allowance! That money is ours. It should be divided between Adelaide and me. What right has a governess to an allowance for dress?"
"She may never be a governess," said George teasingly. "In a year's time she may be so handsome that some rich man, Oscar Douglass for instance, may take a liking to her and marry her."
"There, Adelaide, do you hear him? Perhaps you will rouse yourself now. Oscar Douglass indeed!"
"Why should I trouble myself about Rollica or Oscar Douglass?" replied Adelaide, but the colour rose in her face nevertheless. "You are making a great fuss about nothing, but you generally do that. Rollica is simply a schoolgirl who will one day be a governess. You are making her of consequence by talking so much about her."
"Sensible Adelaide!" spoke George. "There is no use in troubling over what you cannot change. If father chooses to give Rollica money to keep her from going about in rags, he will do so, depend upon it. He is not a man lightly to be moved from his purpose."
"Oh, very well. When Adelaide sees Oscar Douglass admiring Rollica, and becoming influenced by her French trickery and seeming goodness, perhaps she will be sorry she did not listen to me. You know how Oscar admired you, Adelaide, before he went off to attend to his uncle's affairs in South America. He will be back in a month or two, and then we shall see a change in you, my dear."
"Really, Kate, I think you go a little too far in speaking of your father's protégée," said Mrs. Hamilton, looking up from a letter she was writing. "You forget that Oscar Douglass is many years Rollica's senior, and that he has travelled a great deal, and seen many pretty women of all nationalities in his time. Probably he will never bestow the slightest notice on Rollica. You might as well talk of Amy Hudson in that fashion."
"Oh, Amy Hudson and George understand each other, I believe. No fear but George will look after his own interests."
"Mrs. Douglass is coming tonight," went on Mrs. Hamilton. "I told her she might go away early if she liked. The young people would not be offended. She is not very strong, I am afraid, and she is lonely without her son. You girls ought to spend an afternoon with her sometimes."
"It's stupid at The Hall when Oscar is away," replied Kate. "Mrs. Douglass won't entertain when she is alone, and it is really very difficult to talk to her. However, I am willing to sacrifice myself on the altar of sisterly affection and go with Adelaide if she wishes."
"Thanks, my dear Kate, but I don't think I will put your affection to the test just at present."
"I remember, when you first heard that Rollica was coming, you were highly indignant at the idea of her having an allowance for dress which should be ours," spoke Kate, after a short pause.
"Yes, but you took up the subject so energetically, there was no need for me to trouble myself further."
"Have your dresses come home yet, girls?"
"Yes, mother, and they look very well. They are both pale pink, you know, so they suit us. What a pity we are both dark! I should have had fair hair and blue eyes, with a pink and white complexion to correspond."
George laughed. "You are not meek enough for that style of beauty. Red hair would have suited you better."
"Like Amy's, I suppose," she retorted somewhat scornfully.
Both Adelaide and Kate were handsome girls, with very dark hair and dark eyes, and faces without much colour in them. Rollica was a complete contrast to them, with her yellow hair, brown eyes, and fair face in which a bright colour came and went.
Guests filled the spacious drawing rooms of The Moat that night, and happy, smiling girls chatted and laughed, and apparently enjoyed themselves with all the light-hearted cheerfulness of youth. Kate seemed to be everywhere, uttering odd speeches, little absurd jokes, and adding much to the general merriment.
Many eyes looked after her, and many tongues chanted her praises. It was generally admitted that she had perfect manners, and was the pleasantest girl in the room. Even Adelaide exerted herself to be agreeable, and Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton were successful as host and hostess.
Amongst the guests was a lady with grey hair and kind blue eyes, attired in black velvet. She was stately and dignified certainly, but her winning smile and soft, gentle voice belied the apparent proud coldness of her aspect. To this lady Mrs. Hamilton was very attentive, and Mr. Hamilton seemed to find much pleasure in her conversation, for he returned to her side again and again.
"Surely I see a strange face here tonight," she said to her host, when he was standing beside her chair, looking round the room as if in search of someone.
"A strange face?" he repeated. "No, I think you know everyone here tonight. We have not made any fresh acquaintances that I am aware of."
"I may have forgotten, truly my memory does fail me at times, but surely that pretty child with fair hair is a stranger to me. There she is in that corner near the piano, looking as if she would like to speak to me. See, she has a blue velveteen dress on, and her hair is hanging down her back in a plait."
"Oh, that is Rollica. I was just wondering if she were here. Shall I bring her over to you, Mrs. Douglass? I am sure she would be glad to chat to you."
"Stay; tell me who she is."
"She is the child of an old friend of mine. Her father and mother are both dead, and my house is her home now."
"She is an orphan. Oh, poor child, do bring her to me."
Rollica cheerfully quitted her lonely corner, and seated herself beside Mrs. Douglass, whom she had been privately admiring all the evening.
"Mr. Hamilton tells me your name is Rollica. What an unusual, but pretty name. Forgive an old woman's freedom, my dear. I have lived so long amidst familiar faces that I forget I ought to be more ceremonious in addressing strangers."
"It is very kind of you to notice me at all," responded Rollica, with unmistakable gratitude and pleasure in her accents.
Old-fashioned Mrs. Douglass was charmed at once. She so disliked the free-and-easy, flippant manners young girls affected. The deference of this stranger's tone gratified her not a little. It was not an obsequious deference, but the respect a young girl might show to someone much older than herself, and to one who was so evidently a lady in the truest sense of that term.
"My father and mother had me christened Rollica because the eldest daughter of our branch of the Reeds has always been so named. May I tell you how the name came into our family?"
"Yes, do, my dear; I shall be very glad to hear it"
"A great-grandfather of mine was a colonel in the Peninsular War. He fought under Sir Arthur Wellesley at the battle of Roliça in 1808, which was the beginning of the great war that went on for six long years, you remember. The battle itself was not a remarkable one when you think of the great ones that followed it, but it was the first real engagement with the enemy, and Sir Arthur was victorious. It made such an impression on my great-grandfather that he determined his children and grandchildren should always remember it, so he named his eldest daughter Roliça. By degrees the name became altered, and now it is spelled quite differently, and pronounced differently also.
"Thank you; that is very interesting. You relate the incident very clearly."
"I have heard my dear father tell it many times. I must use his words without being conscious of it," she said modestly.
"Has Rollica been giving you the story of her ring?" asked Mr. Hamilton, crossing at that moment from the other side of the room.
"No, she has been satisfying my curiosity as to the origin of her unusual name. Is there another pretty story to tell me?"
Rollica hesitated a moment. Mr. Hamilton had not appeared to care for her explanation of the motto on her ring, and Mrs. Hamilton and the girls were very angry over it. Ought she to repeat it now?
"Mrs. Douglass will like to look at your ring, Rollica, and the legend about 'Foursquare' will please her."
He then went away leaving her alone with Mrs. Douglass again, At that lady's desire, Rollica showed her the ring, and told her the meaning of the word carved round the diamond.
"That is a very beautiful idea; but ah, how difficult to make one's character -- one's life 'Foursquare.' You must entertain Oscar in this manner when he comes home. Your quaint fancies will please him. You must know that I am very fond of my only son, and think very highly of him. I am also very fond of my lovely old home. Will you come and see me some day?"
"I will be very glad to do so," replied Rollica quickly, wondering the while whether Mrs. Hamilton would permit her to go.
"I am afraid you have been sadly wearied, dear Mrs. Douglass," said Mrs. Hamilton just then. "We have so many friends here tonight that I am in danger of neglecting those of whom I think the most, while endeavouring to make all happy."
"I have been excellently entertained," responded Mrs. Douglass, with such sincerity that her hostess's brow darkened ominously as her glance rested for an instant on Rollica. "You must send this dear girl to see me sometimes. I am lonely enough while Oscar is away."
"I am sure you are. We were just saying so this morning, and Adelaide and Kate were arranging to pay you a long visit. You may run away now, Rollica; I have leisure to chat to Mrs. Douglass. I am sure you ought to thank her for listening so indulgently to you. She has been brought up in France, dear Mrs. Douglass, so you must attribute her extravagant manner and excited hands gestures to that. She is, on the whole, a good child, and works industriously at her studies every day."

Chapter 4

THE next morning, while Rollica was singing in the breakfast parlour, Mrs. Hamilton entered the room.
"I thought I desired you to keep the door closed when practising," she said, sternly and coldly. "Are you going to add disobedience to your other faults?"
"I am very sorry," answered Rollica penitently. "I thought I had closed it."
"No doubt your thoughts were so full of last night that you forgot everything else. It is wrong of Mr. Hamilton to insist on your being present on such occasions. The excitement only turns your head, and will render you totally unfit for the position you are to occupy in life. I was very much displeased with your conduct last night. The idea of your sitting for such a length of time beside Mrs. Douglass, wearying her with your senseless chatter and vulgar French manners! I wonder you presumed to speak to such a lady."
"I did not address her of myself. Mr. Hamilton brought me to her side. He said Mrs. Douglass wished to speak to me;" and tears of indignation rushed to Rollica eyes.
"No doubt you were staring at her in your usual bold fashion, and she wanted to know who you were. Mr. Hamilton was wrong to take her words literally, and bring you to her side. I am sure she repented of her politeness when she found she was left with you, and that she could not get rid of you."
"She could have sent me away if I wearied her," declared Rollica hotly.
"According to your ideas of politeness, she might have done so, but not according to our ideas of politeness," replied Mrs. Hamilton in calm disdain. "Mrs. Douglass is noted for her good breeding and elegant manners. The next time you are placed in such a position, recollect that you are only an ignorant girl who perhaps may be so fortunate as to be a governess someday, and do not speak and act as if you were the equal of ladies and gentlemen, and your silly conversation acceptable to everyone."
"I may not be the equal of Mrs. Douglass, who is a lady indeed; but she is the only lady I have met since my arrival in Astley. I am inferior to no one else in mind or manners."
So saying, Rollica dashed out of the room with burning cheeks, and ran up to her own bedroom and locked herself in, leaving Mrs. Hamilton speechless with angry amazement.
"What is the matter, mother?" asked Kate, coming into the breakfast parlour. "I met Rollica rushing upstairs just now. She did look a little fury. Have you been administering a reproof in your measured style?"
"I never heard such insolence in my life!" gasped the lady, when her anger allowed her to speak. "She actually told me I was no lady, or words to that effect."
"Ah, who was right about that young person?" demanded Kate triumphantly. "I read her character the first night I saw her. She was perfectly unembarrassed and unconcerned when she came amongst us, quite as if she was conferring a favour on us by living on our charity. She will tell everyone she is of noble family, she will show her ring, and explain her name, so that we shall become simply the people with whom Miss Reed condescends to dwell."
"You are too absurd, Kate," spoke Mrs. Hamilton slowly, having recovered command of herself. "She is of no importance, if only you will let her alone."
"I did let her alone last night, and the consequence was she monopolized Mrs. Douglass and made a visibly good impression on her."
"That was your father's doing in the first instance. He is so odd in many respects. I would tell him now of that girl's impertinence, but I am afraid he would take her part in some way or other, she is so clever. As to Mrs. Douglass, I blame you and Adelaide very much. You ought to show her some little attention. I promised you would both go and spend an early afternoon with her."
"I am ready to go any time, but Adelaide does not seem to care to pay the visit. I am sure I think Oscar Douglass charming."
"I will have a talk with Adelaide. Leave Oscar out of the question. It is not quite in good taste to speak of him the way you do. I could wish you had more of Adelaide's reticence on such subjects."
Kate made a grimace behind her mother's back when that lady left the room.
"Oh, do you, mother dear?" she thought. "No, thank you. That style does not suit me; and Adelaide is not so indifferent as she appears."

The afternoon of the day was so bright and frosty, that Adelaide consented to walk into the town with Kate to buy some ribbons and laces.
"The walk will brighten us up after last night's dissipation," declared the younger girl, as she set out with her sister. "Mother has told you of the fight she had this morning with Rollica."
"Yes. She seemed very angry about it. I noticed that Rollica was not at lunch."
"I should think she would be afraid to meet mother after she had cooled down a bit; but our lady mother was certainly worsted in the encounter. Imagine! Miss Reed thinks there is no gentlewoman in these parts but Mrs. Douglass. She is not at all upsetting and insolent, is she?"
"It was a very impertinent speech, certainly. I wonder what mother will do about it. She can't well punish a great girl like Rollica."
"Oh, she won't punish her openly, for father would ask unpleasant questions, but no doubt she will make the offender's existence uncomfortable for a while."
"Rollica may apologize."
"My dear Adelaide, of what are you thinking? That superior young person apologize? Not likely."
As they neared the town, a young man, a clerk in their father's office named James Wilde, joined them, walking beside Adelaide. He was no great favourite of Kate's, but Adelaide and he always had plenty to say to each other. In speaking to him now, Adelaide lost her languid manner, and a colour crept into her cheeks.
"That was a most enjoyable party last night, Miss Kate. I was sorry I was obliged to be late and leave early, but business must be attended to."
"Of course, when father and George were at home, it was your place to attend to that extra work that came in," said Kate coldly and haughtily.
He bit his lip angrily at her insolent tone of superiority, but he replied deferentially, "Yes, I am happy to say Mr. Hamilton trusts me entirely. He leaves all the important business in my hands now."
"You mean he does so when he and George are otherwise occupied. Of course that is the use of clerks," and Kate laughed lightly as she spoke, and addressed some trivial remark to her sister.
Mr. James Wilde was not blessed with a very sweet temper, and it was whispered in the town that he sometimes drank more wine than was good for him, and even gambled occasionally. Taking him all in all, he was not a desirable young man. But it was wonderful with what fortitude he bore Miss Kate Hamilton's irritating words and accent today. He talked on most agreeably on many topics, and he was a clever, brilliant talker, until Kate herself was constrained to listen to him and wonder at him. As to Adelaide, she was animated and pleasant, and appeared to Kate to exert herself very unnecessarily to entertain this clerk of their father's, who was not of even a moderately good family.
"You would like the song I told you about, I am sure, Miss Hamilton. I will send it to you, if I may. I believe the accompaniment is somewhat difficult, but that will be no fault in your eyes."
"Oh, I play only indifferently well," answered Adelaide, smiling. "But I will learn the song, and sing it for you with pleasure."
"When may I hope to have the gratification of hearing it?"
"You must give me a week to learn it. After that I hope I won't spoil it."
"You won't spoil it however you sing it," he replied flatteringly. "May I drop in some evening and hear it?"
"We shall be very pleased to see you," she answered.
"Well, now, I call that straining a point to be polite," said Kate, when Mr. Wilde had left them. "I certainly won't be pleased to see him, and mother knows very little of him, except that he is useful enough to sing at her 'Evenings.' But she never asks him to dinner. As to father and George, I don't believe they ever speak to him except about business."
"There is no need to be rude to anyone," replied Adelaide, some resentment in her tone. "You carry your plain speaking too far sometimes. You were very rude just now, and Mr. Wilde behaved in a most gentlemanly manner."
"He could not be rude to a lady."
"He could if he were not a gentleman. You were really insulting to him."
"Dear me, Adelaide, what a fuss about one of father's clerks. One would think you admired him!"
"Don't talk nonsense now, Kate."
"Well, of course it is only nonsense, but we have had enough of the creature. Did mother tell you she promised Mrs. Douglass that we would spend an afternoon at the Hall soon?"
"Yes, but I am not very anxious to go. I believe Mrs. Douglass does not care very much for our society, and I am sure I don't enjoy visiting her."
"Oh, she's an old bother, but her son is everything that is lovely."
"Oscar?" said Adelaide impatiently. "I am tired of hearing about that immaculate young man; I have grown to dislike the sound of his name."
"You amaze me. He isn't a bit immaculate in the sense of being old-womanish. He's an out-and-out man, and a first-rate one. I just wish I had a chance of trying to captivate him."
"As far as I am concerned, you may do what you like. I don't want him to admire me."
"But he did admire you before he went away."
"Well, I give him up to you, then. I certainly don't want him."
"I don't understand you, but I am glad I may try my fascination on him."
As they were leaving the town they met Amy Hudson, old Dr. Hudson's daughter.
"Such good news, girls!" she cried when she saw them. "Mrs. Douglass is going to have a great party in The Hall in a fortnight, although her son won't be at home. She will open her picture gallery and allow her visitors to wander through it. She is having a band from the town to play in the grounds, and we are to skate on the big lake, if only the ice will continue good."
"How splendid!" cried Kate delightedly. "It is really a skating party?"
"Yes, but even if the ice should not bear us, she will entertain us in the house. You know it is a wonderful old house, and the pictures and china are simply exquisite."
"Such a place, too, for congenial companions to wander about in couples in undisturbed comfort," put in Kate slyly.
Amy blushed. "Oh yes, we shall all be able to enjoy ourselves, no doubt"
"I wonder what made her think of it," said Adelaide thoughtfully.
"Oh, who knows?" returned Kate lightly. "It doesn't matter what spirit moved her, so long as she has been moved. Adelaide, we must pay her that visit soon. Have you bought a new dress, Amy?"
"I have just ordered one, although the invitations have not yet gone out. I know I will be invited, and of course you will all receive invitations also."
"It is well to be you, Amy," declared Kate, with a sigh. "You have so much pocket money that when you think you want a new dress you just go and order it, and that is all about it."
"Oh, I have to try and think what will become me most, and what will be the newest style. It is no easy matter to get a new dress."
"That is all pleasant work, but it is not so pleasant when you have to consider whether you can afford a new dress. Now I shall have to consider that question as soon as I go home, and then keep within the limits of my purse."
"Poor Kate!" laughed Miss Hudson. "That was a very pretty dress Miss Reed wore last night. I suppose it was one of her French dresses. It looked like it. She has rather remarkable hair."
"Yes, and she will not allow that fact to escape your notice. She is most forward and self-possessed, as well as conceited."
"Is she? She seemed a very quiet, retiring little body last night. She stayed in one corner a very long time. Of course I had no opportunity of speaking to her. Mrs. Douglass and she had a long chat together."

Chapter 5

LATE on the afternoon of that day, worn out by her own gloomy reflections, and depressed and miserable now that the first warmth of her indignation and resentment had subsided, Rollica rose from her bed, on which she had flung herself after she had left the breakfast parlour in the morning.
She was calmer now, and she began to wish that she had listened to Mrs. Hamilton without making any reply. She was a little ashamed of having uttered such a sharp, rude speech to that lady. But was not the provocation great? Must she always bear in silence with injustice and contempt and selfish unkindness? She had done no wrong on the night of the party. She was not conceited or self-sufficient, no matter what Mrs. Hamilton declared to the contrary.
She had always been allowed to speak as much as she liked when at home with her father and mother, and they had taught her to be polite, and admonished her to consider other people before she thought of her own comfort and pleasure. She had always tried to follow their teaching. She had not been forward and excited in manner, she had not indulged in extravagant gesticulation.
No, Mrs. Hamilton was cruel and unjust. She had committed no crime, and she did well to answer in the manner she had done. She did well to be angry.
Having come to this conclusion, she bathed her face, arranged her hair and, putting on her hat and jacket went out. She walked along the road rapidly, with no definite destination in view. The day was clear and frosty, the sun had not yet set, and his bright rays cheered the girl almost in spite of herself. She met one or two country people whom she knew, and exchanged a pleasant greeting with them.
"What a nice world it would be if only the people in it would be nice!" she thought within herself. "I could like Mrs. Hamilton and her daughters if they would be a little kind to me. I don't want them to love me as if I were one of themselves. If they would give up finding fault with me and sneering at me; if they would allow me to speak without reproof, I think I should be content for the time I must stay in their house.
"How pleasant it was to talk to Mrs. Douglass. She is a stranger to me. I am nothing to her, yet she seemed interested in what I told her about my name and my ring. She spoke so politely, nay, kindly, to me. I don't believe I was troubling her with my chatter. Mrs. Hamilton need not have apologized for me."
She had been walking slowly for the last few minutes, so deep in thought that she started visibly when a voice spoke her name in cheery, hearty accents. "Are you coming to see me, Miss Rollica?"
"Bathsheba!"
"Myself, miss."
"I was taking a short walk. I have had rather a headache, and I thought fresh air might chase it away."
"You do look white, surely. Will you come in and rest a bit in my cottage? Do now, honey. You're not fit to go a step farther this minute."
Certainly Rollica suddenly became aware of a curious giddy sensation and the world around her began to grow indistinct.
"I think I will rest a minute or two." She spoke somewhat faintly. "Is it far away?"
"My cottage, you mean? No; see, there's the gate of the front garden."
Rollica followed Bathsheba into the cottage, and sat down on the nearest chair with a sigh of relief.
"I believe I am hungry," the girl said, with a half smile. "That is why I am so giddy. I had not much dinner last night, and I was too excited this morning to eat my breakfast."
"And you took no lunch today, I'll be bound," cried Bathsheba pityingly. "It's no wonder you're faint. Young growing things must have food. Sit you down near the fire, and let me take off your hat and jacket, and your gloves too. When you go out you won't feel the good of them if you keep them on in this warm place. There now, I'll put the kettle on. It'll boil on that fire in a few minutes. What a mercy I had a good fire!"
"I will be giving you such trouble," murmured Rollica, already finding the warmth and the homely welcome most comforting. "I can easily wait for something to eat until I return to The Moat."
"Oh yes, very likely you can, but it'll be better for you to have a bit now. As to the trouble, bless your sweet face, it's real pleasure you're giving me. If you lived all alone from week's end to week's end, you'd understand what I mean. It's not much I have to offer you; a cup of tea, a new-laid egg, and a bit of home-made bread."
"It will be a delicious meal," declared Rollica sincerely. "But I must not deprive you of your egg. I know eggs are scarce this season of the year."
"You're not depriving me of the egg. Sure, haven't I four lovely ones in the cupboard there? And haven't I the neatest and best-natured fowls in life, that always keep me supplied with eggs?"
"Have you fowls of your own?"
"That I have, and they're great company for me entirely. Once in a way I sell a new-laid egg or two, for I can't eat them all up myself, but I'm not fond of selling the eggs."
While she was talking, she was spreading a white tablecloth, coarse but spotless on the small round wooden table, and setting on it a white china cup and saucer and plate. Then she went into the opposite room, which was her bedroom, and returned with a silver teaspoon.
"There!" she said triumphantly. "There's china and real silver for you, Miss Rollica. I bought that cup and saucer and plate, thinking that maybe you'd come and see me one time; and that real silver spoon I bought in a second-hand shop in the town."
"Oh, Bathsheba, why did you waste your money on me? Any sort of cup and saucer, and any sort of spoon would have been good enough for me."
"It wasn't wasting my money to spend it that way. If you only knew the delight it gave me to buy them things, you wouldn't say anything about wasting money. There, that egg is done now. Why, I forgot to get an eggcup to match -- oh, and I've only a bone egg spoon. Wasn't I stupid to forget the eggcup? Well, you must do with what I have for this once. The next time it'll be all right."
"Now, Bathsheba, please don't buy another eggcup; this one is very nice. It is not dirty or broken. There is nothing wrong with it. The egg is very good, and so are your tea and homemade bread."
Bathsheba sat down with a sigh of satisfaction when she saw that her visitor evidently intended to eat and drink in earnest, and seemed to enjoy what was placed before her.
The cottage was small, a room on each side of the front door, a little room at the back, and a sort of shed for wood and coal being the extent of the accommodation. There was a nice bit of garden, in which grew many old-fashioned flowers. The hens had a comfortable wooden house in the back garden, and an open place wired round in which they disported themselves in the daytime.
The kitchen in which Rollica was sitting had a boarded floor, which was wonderfully white, and round the little table was a neat bit of carpet. The few chairs had wooden seats, but they were so clean and in such good condition that they looked quite pretty. The grate and fender were as shining as black-lead could make them.
"There, Bathsheba, have I not eaten well? I must have been very hungry without knowing it.
"You've done pretty well, miss. You oughtn't to stay so long without food. It's very bad for anyone. Turn round to the fire, now, while I tidy away. It isn't good to walk just after eating."
Rollica smiled as she complied. "I mustn't stay too long," she said.
"I won't keep you too long, and I'll see you home when you do go."
"Oh, I'm quite well now; there is no danger of my growing dizzy."
"You don't know how cheerful and gladsome like it is to have you sitting there," went on the woman, as she tidied up busily. "I'm always lonely, you know, Miss Rollica dear. I'm not a real proper old maid at all. It is strange that a real sociable body like me has to live alone. I might have friends indeed, but I don't care for the sort that would be friendly with me -- busybodies, and dirty creatures they are, always fighting with each other. I'm odd, I don't deny. They say round here that I'm a bit touched in the upper regions!"
Rollica could not help laughing heartily at the woman's comical expression as she spoke.
"They mean to say you are eccentric, Bathsheba. Many rich and learned people are eccentric, you know, so their remarks need not afflict you."
"Oh, the likes of them could not afflict me," replied Bathsheba contemptuously. "But sometimes, when I come home from my day's work and have no one to open the door for me, no one to bid me welcome, I do feel bad somewhere about the heart. There's times, mostly of nights, when I'm downright hungry for someone to love. My stepmother and me, we never agreed. I couldn't take to her drinking ways, so when she died I came over to England, for I had been told that some of my own mother's fine relations lived here. I had no notion of being a burden on anyone, for I was able and willing to work. I'm afraid I worried Mr. Hamilton, poor soul. I don't want to annoy him. It's not altogether his fault that his family's so nasty. I'm bad inside myself, I must be, for I do take a delight in vexing Mrs. Hamilton and her daughters."
"I don't think you are bad inside yourself because you dislike Mrs. Hamilton and her daughters," interrupted Rollica hotly.
Bathsheba looked surprised for a minute, then she shook her head and went on. "The night you arrived, I said to myself, Here's somebody to be friends with, if only she'll let me. Then I asked you that night in your bedroom if you'd let me be your humble friend, and you were willing. I was as proud and pleased as a queen, and I went to the town and bought that cup and saucer and things, so that when you came to see me I'd be able to treat you proper. It was a delight to prepare for a visitor, and such a visitor! But you were a long time in coming, honey."
"I was, and I am sorry for it. Indeed, I have not so much love that I can afford to refuse any. I did not keep away through carelessness or indifference."
"I'm sure of that. Sure, you're too tender-hearted to hurt anyone."
"You mustn't praise me," cried Rollica vehemently. "I'm not good at all. This morning I got into a rage with Mrs. Hamilton, and said such horrible things to her. Let me tell you about it."
She then gave her interested hearer an account of what had passed in the breakfast room that morning, and of her own feelings afterwards when she locked herself into her room.
"I hated Mrs. Hamilton," she said. "I did not care how I spoke to her, or how I wounded her feelings. I thought I did right, but I am not so sure of it now."
"You were greatly tried," Bathsheba replied reflectively. "She said very unjust and cruel things to you. I'm sure Mrs. Douglass was delighted to talk to you. She's a very nice, ladylike lady, and you'd just suit her. I know her a little. She doesn't mix much in Astley society; she likes her own home best. But, indeed, there's few round Astley fit to mix with her. The Hall is a splendid place entirely, and there's the Dower House where she says she'll live when her son marries. It's in the same grounds as The Hall itself. But, Miss Rollica dear...." 
Bathsheba hesitated and glanced doubtfully at her visitor. She wished to speak, and she was half-afraid of giving offence if she did so.
"What is it? Why do you hesitate?"
"You remember about your pretty ring? The owner of it ought to make her life foursquare, ought to be good all round, says you. Oh yes, I heard you telling about it, though you didn't notice. Don't you think it would have been as well to have taken no notice of Mrs. Hamilton's injustice? You see you must be good all round. You are better than most folks, but 'foursquare' means good anyhow you look at a body. It'd be an awfully hard thing to be. I know, I could never be foursquare; but you, my honey, you'll be foursquare, won't you? It's proud of you altogether I'd be then, and it's happy you'd be yourself. I'm a poor ignorant woman, and I know scarce a bit of the Bible at all, at all, but I thought that the finest idea I had ever heard tell on. Will you forgive me, Miss Rollica dear, for presuming to talk to you in such a fashion? Don't imagine I'm daring to find fault with you. You were provoked beyond bearing."
"I was wrong, I am afraid I was wrong," almost wailed Rollica. "I forgot all about Foursquare, I was so angry."
"Small blame to you; but now that you do remember wouldn't it be a good thing to tell Mrs. Hamilton that you spoke in a hurry? There's nothing like example. Be foursquare; that's it. Never mind talking about it."
"You don't understand what you are advising me to do, Bathsheba."
"Don't I? It'll be the hardest thing in the world. I could never do it, but you ... oh, you will be foursquare, I know."
Rollica rose. "It is time to go now," she said, with a weary sigh.
"Wait a bit. I must see you safe home; it's quite dark. They'll have finished dinner at The Moat."
"Oh, it doesn't matter; no one will ask any questions about me."
"Are you offended with me, Miss Rollica?"
"No indeed," she answered heartily. "I have enjoyed my visit very much. I am sorry to leave you."
Bathsheba looked much gratified. "I'm so glad of it, honey. I'm going to buy a Bible, and maybe you'll show me where that nice story is to be found, and where there's other nice stories. I wouldn't be so bad of nights if I had something to read. Oh, I can read; I'm not so out and out ignorant as folks think."

Chapter 6

"IT is well father did not miss Rollica at dinner last night," said Kate to her mother the next morning. "If he had missed her there would have been rows. I wonder where she was. Sulking, I expect."
"I hope she was reflecting on her unladylike, ungrateful conduct," replied Mrs. Hamilton in severe tones. "But she must not absent herself from meals for any reason whatever. I gave her that command before."
"We did not pine for her company last night, did we, Adelaide?"
"I did not notice her absence until dinner was nearly over, and then of course I made no remark," replied Adelaide. "But why must we be always talking of this girl? Are there no more interesting subjects of conversation? For my part, I am tired of the sound of her name."
"Oh yes, there is plenty to talk of now. It is nice of Mrs. Douglass to give a skating party. I wonder what Amy Hudson's dress will be like?"
"It will be blue, no doubt; blues and purples suit her hair and complexion."
"I don't think you will have any skating," remarked Mrs. Hamilton. "We have not had any very severe frosts."
"The skating does not really matter. There are plenty of things to do at The Hall. I mean to make myself most attentive to Mrs. Douglass, I assure you."
An involuntary smile curved Adelaide's lips. "You must be less outspoken then, my dear Kate. Mrs. Douglass is not very partial to the modern young lady. I have heard her say so."
"Oh, I will be as prim as you please, and not say 'awful' once. She was shocked the other night when I said The Hall was an awfully nice place."
"I should think she would indeed be shocked," spoke Mrs. Hamilton. "I don't know why you girls consider it elegant to talk slang, and to use such exaggerated expressions."
"It is so convenient," answered Kate.
"I heard Mrs. Douglass say that an overuse of adjectives and the use of slang in any fashion was bad form."
"Now, Adelaide, why do you want to wet-blanket me so much? One comfort is that Rollica will find no real favour with the old lady, for she uses her hands as she speaks, and goes on most excitedly when she is talking, and hasn't she a hot temper?"
At that moment Rollica entered the room, and went over to the table where Mrs. Hamilton sat as usual writing letters.
"I have come to apologize for the rude speech I made to you yesterday morning," she said quietly, while a bright red colour burned in her cheeks.
Mrs. Hamilton raised her eyes from the letter she was finishing, and spoke coldly. "I am glad you have the grace to apologize. Your behaviour was most unladylike, most unchristianlike. See that it does not happen again, and see that you do not absent yourself from meals again. That will do."
Rollica left the room, the colour in her cheeks brighter than ever. Adelaide looked after her curiously.
"She certainly kept her temper well," she thought. "Mother was not very kind. She might at least have been more polite. What a struggle it must have been to face mother with an apology, especially as the fault of the quarrel was not all on one side. Rollica does not interest me much, but she will certainly be pretty, and she is trying to honour her motto."
Kate laughed when Rollica left the room. "How pretty!" she cried ironically. "Wasn't that young person cross all the time she was speaking? I could see her cheeks growing hotter and hotter. Dear me, she's a little fury."
"She didn't show any temper to mother just now," remarked Adelaide in her usual languid tones. "She spoke quite humbly."
"She was afraid to speak in any other fashion once mother's cold eye was on her. I should not allow her to go to the Hall by way of punishment."
"I cannot punish her after she has apologized. What nonsense you talk, Kate! You have not received the invitations yet. Perhaps Amy Hudson was wrong about the skating party."
"Oh, not she. She always knows everything about everything."
The next morning the invitations did come, and there was one for Miss Reed amongst the number. Mr. Hamilton always gave out the letters at breakfast, and Rollica flushed with pleasure as she received and read her note.
"So Mrs. Douglass has sent you an invitation also," said the master of the house kindly, as he noticed the pleased expression on the girl's face.
"Yes. Was it not good of her to remember me?"
"She is a very kind woman, a perfect lady, and a true friend," was the answer, given with unusual warmth. "If she likes you, Rollica, it will be a fortunate thing for you."
"She might get Rollica a good situation as governess," spoke Kate flippantly.
"I did not mean anything of that sort," replied her father, with a frown. "You speak without much thought, Kate."
Kate was silent. His children never dreamed of arguing with, or opposing him, whatever they might say of him behind his back.

For the next couple of weeks scarcely anything was talked of at The Moat but Mrs. Douglass's skating party. Even Rollica was excited, and much exercised in mind concerning the dress she should wear on the occasion. As it was to be an afternoon affair, nothing too light in texture would suit, so she finally decided on a blue serge trimmed with gold braid. It would look well with her sealskin hat and jacket, she thought.
Adelaide and Kate did not come to a decision as quickly as Rollica did; but at last all preparations were made, and the three girls started for The Hall on the day of the skating party in good spirits, determined to enjoy themselves, each in her own way.
Mrs. Douglass welcomed them cordially in her old-fashioned, stately manner. "I am glad you have come so early," she said graciously. "Do you all skate?"
"Adelaide and I do," answered Kate quickly. "Then the ice is strong enough to bear?"
"Yes, you will have some good skating for an hour or two, I hope. The band is playing near the large lake. We have a covered stand for the players. A bell will ring to announce lunch. I will take you down to the water; you will find some of your friends already there."
Kate walked beside her hostess, and talked incessantly to her, resolved that Rollica should not have an opportunity of approaching her. Adelaide inwardly smiled at her sister's behaviour, while not quite approving of it. A number of the guests came up to greet the newcomers, and soon Adelaide and Kate were skimming over the ice in company with their friends.
Rollica, who by good luck was a practised skater, felt a little forlorn as she skated away by herself, although the pleasure she took in the exercise in a great measure allayed the lonely feeling. Mrs. Douglass stood watching her for a few minutes, then she made a sign to a gentleman who was near her on the ice, and asked him to obtain an introduction to Miss Reed and skate with her, for she was a stranger and knew scarcely any of the company. He very willingly obeyed his hostess, for he had already remarked what an excellent skater "the little friend of the Misses Hamilton" was. After that, Rollica had no lack of partners, much to the amazement of Kate and the good-humoured satisfaction of Amy Hudson.
All the company went to the house for lunch, and afterwards wandered about the grounds or returned to the ice. A few of the more delicate of the party remained indoors, and strolled through the picture gallery, or listened to the music and reading in the music room. Rollica was among these latter, for she had tired herself on the ice.
Mrs. Douglass soon sought her out in the music room, and led her away to show her the family portraits hanging in the gallery. "There is no one now in the gallery, my dear. Will you allow me to point out to you the portraits of some of my ancestors?"
"I will be very glad to see them," answered Rollica joyfully. She had been wondering whether Mrs. Douglass intended to speak to her that day, and she had not liked to go near her, or attract her attention in any way, lest Kate should be annoyed, and make a story about it when they went home.
When they had strolled through half the gallery, Mrs. Douglass explaining the pictures as they went along, they stopped before a full-length portrait of a young man, dark-haired, dark-eyed, with a kindly expression in his eyes which neutralized the effect of a rather stern mouth. "That is my son, Oscar," said Mrs. Douglass, perhaps somewhat proudly. "I think I told you I was very fond of my son. You must not laugh at me, Miss Rollica, for talking about him. I will be very glad when he comes back to me."
"Indeed I couldn't laugh at you," replied Rollica, with a wistful earnestness. "It is a great happiness to have friends to love, and a great happiness to be loved by them in return."
"Ah, poor little one, you have lost both your parents, and you have no other relations. I had almost forgotten that sad fact. You must try to like us. I have no daughter, no one now but my Oscar. So if you will come and see me, and look on me as your true friend, I will be pleased. Do you think you could take an old woman for a friend?"
Rollica bent her head and touched her hostess's hand with her lips, while sudden tears filled her eyes. The recollection of her one other friend darted through her mind. How widely different were the two, and they were both sincere in their offered friendship.
"You do me too much honour," she answered, when she could speak. "I am only an ignorant schoolgirl yet, but I am studying every day to improve myself, and to keep my father's instructions fresh in my memory. I practise my singing and music too, so that I may be fit to be a governess when I am eighteen. Would any lady let me teach her children if I were only seventeen?" she concluded eagerly.
"If you were a steady, quiet girl, no one would think of objecting to your age, especially if you were mistress of the subjects you desired to teach."
"I will try to be steady and quiet," she said hopefully.
"You are steady enough and quiet enough now, dear child. But why are you so anxious to be a governess? Pardon me, but I thought you were Mr. Hamilton's ward, that you had no need to earn a living. That is what Mrs. Hamilton meant me to understand the night I spent at her house?"
"I have no money," replied Rollica sadly. "I would rather be a governess now. It is good to be independent, only I am too young. Mr. Hamilton is most kind to me. He took me when father went to heaven. There, I am telling out my private affairs to a stranger, and Mrs. Hamilton said it was very wrong to do so, and very conceited to imagine that other people took an interest in what concerned me."
"Do you regard me as a stranger now?" said Mrs. Douglass reproachfully.
Rollica smiled lovingly at her. "But I don't want to weary you with my chatter," she answered seriously.
"You do not weary me, now understand that, Rollica. I must call you 'Rollica,' you are such a child to me. You could not weary me, I believe, for you are a well-behaved, good girl. I am not flattering you, for you appear to me to be what I say. So now I hope we understand one another, and I will hear no more about your wearying me."
"What a good opinion Mrs. Douglass and Bathsheba have of me!" thought Rollica almost despairingly. "I shall never be able to make it really true. I am not really good and nice. Oh, I will try to be in reality what they think me! I will remember my motto, 'Foursquare.'"

Chapter 7

"WHERE have you been hiding, Rollica? We have looked everywhere for you," cried Kate with a frown, as she entered the gallery by a side door and caught sight of Rollica.
Then, perceiving Mrs. Douglass, the frown quickly disappeared from her face, and she advanced smilingly to that lady's side. She was not at all pleased at what she saw, and she had not been pleased at the admiration Rollica had excited by her graceful, clever figure skating, but she kept her displeasure in reserve until a more suitable time. She would not shock Mrs. Douglass by any display of anger just now.
"I am sorry you have had trouble looking for me, but I don't think I was hiding anywhere. I was in the music room, and then Mrs. Douglass asked me to come and look at the pictures."
"You must not scold Rollica. She has not been invisible, I assure you. We have been strolling up and down this gallery in the most open manner, and she certainly was not hiding in the music room." There was an amused smile on Mrs. Douglass's lips as she spoke.
"Oh, I have no intention of scolding anyone," laughed Kate; "least of all Rollica. I never do scold and get cross. It is a waste of energy, I think, besides being unladylike. Do I look like a 'scolding body'? How could you give me such a bad character?" she concluded reproachfully.
Rollica could not forbear a quick glance of surprise, but Mrs. Douglass said quietly, "Many people who consider themselves ladies scold when things occur to annoy them. But are you going home, that you have been seeking for Rollica?"
"Yes, it is quite late. The time has passed so quickly, and we have enjoyed ourselves so much."
"If Oscar had been here it would have been better. How he will laugh at me when he hears I have given a skating party in his absence."
"Of course it would have been nice if he had been here, but I don't know that we should have enjoyed ourselves any the more. We must really go now; the evenings are so short still that I am afraid it will be dark before we reach home."
"You are not going alone?"
"Oh no, George is here."
"Well, I must not detain you, for it is not desirable that young girls should walk the roads after dark. You will come and see me soon?"
Although the words conveyed a general invitation, the lady looked at Rollica.
"We shall certainly come soon," replied Kate quickly, seeing with indignation that Rollica was about to answer. "Adelaide and I would have visited you oftener during Mr. Douglass's absence, but home duties and social duties are so pressing sometimes that one cannot fulfil them all properly, or as one could wish."
"You see what it is to be a young lady in society, and much sought after. Take warning, Rollica, and when you are in Miss Kate's position, don't make yourself too agreeable to your friends or you will have no peace."
Kate was slightly bewildered for a moment. Was Mrs. Douglass laughing at her? Nay, it was impossible to believe such a thing; but certainly her words sounded sarcastic, and there was that peculiar smile at the corners of her mouth which was so irritating.
"Oh, Rollica will not have much to do with social duties. There is no need to warn her about being too agreeable, as she will, as a governess, have few to exercise her flattery upon."
It was a rough speech, and when she had uttered it Kate repented; not indeed that she was sorry to have hurt Rollica by it, but for fear of the impression it might produce on Mrs. Douglass.
"No doubt Rollica will make an excellent governess if ever she finds it necessary to work for a living, and I have often heard that pleasant manners are a great assistance in teaching. But I am keeping you. I see you are growing impatient, Miss Kate. I am going to the drawing room with you. I must say goodbye to your sister and brother. I suppose Miss Hudson will be of your party going home?"
"Oh yes, George generally takes care of Amy," answered Kate significantly.
As the Misses Hamilton, their brother, and Miss Hudson started to walk to Astley, a gentleman approached Adelaide.
"My way is yours. May I have the pleasure of making one of your party?"
"Certainly, Mr. Wilde," replied Adelaide graciously. "We have only one gentleman to three ladies; a second protector will be welcome."
"Attractive young ladies ought to be well protected," he answered.
"Odious creature!" muttered Kate angrily. "I wonder how Adelaide can endure his vulgar flattery. Amy," she said in a louder tone, as Miss Hudson turned back a moment, "how did that man get an invitation to The Hall? Does Mrs. Douglass know he is only a clerk in father's office, and that he bears no very good character in the town?"
"He asked me to obtain an invitation for him," responded Amy good-naturedly; "and, as he sings well, and is very willing to make himself agreeable in any way, I thought he would be an assistance where so many young ladies would be gathered together. As to those stories about his betting and drinking, and so on, I don't mind them. You know what a place Astley is for scandal."
"I know he is becoming a regular nuisance," Kate returned wrathfully. "I believe the creature is in love with Adelaide! He is always hovering round her whenever he gets the chance. Just imagine such presumption!"
Amy laughed. "Adelaide can take care of herself and her own dignity," she answered, walking on in front with George Hamilton.
Kate was then obliged to keep beside Adelaide, and endure with what patience she might the conversation between her sister and James Wilde. Once or twice Mr. Wilde addressed her, but she gave him such curt answers that he at length confined his remarks to Adelaide.
Meanwhile Rollica did not know with whom she might walk. Amy and George were so manifestly absorbed in each other that she would not join them. There was no alternative left her but to keep behind the Misses Hamilton and their escort, for Kate would not have allowed her to walk beside her. The road was very dark, and the hedge that ran along it on one side sometimes assumed startling shapes seen under the night sky. There were no other pedestrians apparently but themselves, and unaccustomed to be out alone when daylight was gone Rollica grew a little frightened, and wished she were safe in her own room.
"You liked my songs? I am so glad of that," murmured Mr. Wilde in a low tone, not so low, however, but that Kate could catch every word. "It was most kind of Mrs. Douglass to invite me. I am happy to say that my humble talents are recognised in some of the best houses in the neighbourhood."
Kate was longing to say that he had begged for an invitation from Amy Hudson, and that otherwise he would never have obtained it, but contented herself with remarking, "Miss Hudson kindly got you this invitation. You are not on Mrs. Douglass's visiting list, I believe?"
"Miss Hudson has been my very good friend in this instance," he answered, with unruffled politeness. "But I flatter myself that I so ably assisted Mrs. Douglass to entertain her guests, both on the ice and in the music room, that there will be no need to ask for an invitation the next time. You enjoyed your skating, Miss Adelaide?"
"Yes, very much indeed. I think it is a delightful exercise when one has a good partner. I am not very energetic. Few amusements are worth any exertion, but certainly skating was pleasant today."
"I am thankful now that I learned to skate when in Canada," he returned significantly. "There they do the thing to perfection; here they have only a faint idea of how it ought to be done."
"They have plenty of opportunities for practising in Canada. In England we are not always sure of having a frost hard enough to make the ice safe."
"You are quite right, Miss Adelaide. Notwithstanding the obstacles in the way of ladies in England, some young ladies I know can skate as well as any Canadians. One young lady in particular is perfectly at home on the ice," he added meaningfully. Adelaide blushed under cover of the darkness, while Kate groaned.
"There was another lady whose skating I noticed. She did not do badly at all, and I fancy some other fellows thought the same thing. I mean Miss Reed. Of course I would not compare her performance with yours, but she did very well indeed, and looked neat and graceful."
"Yes, I saw Rollica two or three times passing me at a rapid pace. I lost sight of her altogether after we went to the music room."
"May I hope that you were so agreeably entertained there that you had no leisure to watch the doings of others?"
"I liked the singing," she replied evasively.
He seemed contented with her answer.
"Is Mr. Douglass expected home soon?" he asked somewhat eagerly, after a short pause.
"Yes, I believe he will be back in a month or two, but I really cannot say exactly on what date his mother hopes to see him," Adelaide responded indifferently.
"When he does come back you will get no invitations to The Hall, my clever gentleman," thought Kate, with vindictive satisfaction.
Mr. Wilde glanced furtively at Adelaide, and perceiving that her indifference was not feigned he went on with renewed confidence. "The Hall is a very fine old place, but I sometimes think that one could be happier in a little cottage by the roadside, with loving companions, or companion."
"Such a cottage as Bathsheba our charwoman has -- two rooms and a back yard! I can imagine you standing in the kitchen warbling your love ditties to Bathsheba." Kate laughed loudly as she spoke.
"I did not mean such a very small abode as that," he replied, with apparent good-humoured politeness, but his eyes flashed angrily for a minute. "I meant a snug, two-storied cottage, with a nice garden back and front, and a neat maid in the kitchen to do the work. There would be a drawing room in which I could warble my songs. I consider warble is a very appropriate word to use when the songs are of a homely or ballad nature, notably those that speak of household joys, of home, of the fireside. I thank you for the word, Miss Kate."
They were all nearing the town then. Indeed, they would have been there long ago but for the slow pace at which they proceeded, for The Hall was only two miles from Astley.
"Alas, we shall soon be at the end of our pleasant walk," Mr. Wilde murmured sentimentally, as they came to a very dark spot on the road, a turning which ran across some fields at the foot of a range of low hills. "How pleasant and gratifying a task it is to protect youth and beauty from the dangers of the road!"
"I am afraid there are not many dangers, Mr. Wilde," said Kate mockingly. "You will have no opportunity of exhibiting yourself as a knight-errant."
Scarcely were the words out of her mouth, when a sudden low cry of terror brought all the party to a standstill.
"Now, Mr. Wilde, there is an opportunity for you to help the distressed."
Unheeding Kate's taunting speech, James Wilde stood quietly beside Adelaide.
"What is it?" asked Amy, running back with George. "Who is hurt? Are we all here? No, where is Miss Reed? Why, poor child, what is wrong? Why are you so far back by yourself? A drunken man lying across the road! How is it we never noticed him, and we were first?"
"He staggered out from that dark turning, and caught hold of my jacket, then he fell," explained Rollica in trembling accents, as she clung to Amy.
"Oh, you poor child. It was enough to terrify anyone. There, he is moving as if he would get up again. Let us go on quickly, George. You can send a policeman out from the town to look after him. I thought you were with Kate, Miss Reed. Come on with me. We will soon be in the town now. There, put your hand under my arm, and you will feel more comfortable. I must say it was unkind of Kate to let the poor girl walk behind by herself," she added in a lower tone to George.
"It was not nice of her," he admitted.
"Won't you take care of her after you leave me at home? I would be afraid to walk along the road alone, it is so dark."
"I will look after her for the rest of the way, you may depend on me. You are good-natured, Amy. Rollica Reed is nothing to you!"
"Perhaps not, but she is a young girl, and an orphan. I dislike unkindness and injustice -- I always did."
"All right; she shall receive no unkindness from me.

Chapter 8

"IF you are not more careful, Kate, people will begin to talk of your unkindness to Rollica," said Adelaide the next morning. "If you would take my advice, you would let the girl alone altogether. What difference does she make in the house? Father will give her pocket money if he chooses. You cannot alter that fact by always worrying and tormenting Rollica."
"Are you growing fond of the little dear?" sneered Kate. "I wouldn't be surprised to hear that, for you seem to be undergoing a softening process just now that is wonderful to me."
"No, I am not fond of Rollica," replied Adelaide, with heightened colour, "but I am thankful to say I have some common sense. She would not have done you any harm if you had allowed her to walk with you last night. You were so silly. Amy Hudson remarked it, and spoke to George about it. You bring the girl into notice by your behaviour to her. Very likely Amy will become her friend now, and dislike you."
"I don't care about Amy's likes or dislikes," declared Kate hotly.
"Yes, you do," returned Adelaide calmly. "Amy is a great favourite in the neighbourhood. She is so good-natured and good-tempered, and so rich. If you offend her, she may close many a door against you, and that will afflict you, for you desire to shine in society. George was influenced by her last night. You will see he will no longer sneer at Rollica, or join you in laughing at her."
"Oh, George was always a selfish creature. He always attended to his own interests first."
"I don't blame him for that. We all do so in our different ways."
"Dear me, Adelaide, if you are so fond of Rollica, why didn't you let her walk with you last night?"
"Because you were on one side of me, and Mr. Wilde on the other; and, besides, I really did not know she was walking behind us until that stupid fuss about the drunken man was made."
"You were so interested in father's clerk that I quite believe you were ignorant of what was going on around you. That man is becoming too forward, Adelaide. You lectured me about Rollica, so it is only fair you should listen to me. I believe the creature thinks you enjoy his society. He is growing so self-sufficient, so complacent. Why do you permit him to walk with you? You actually made him welcome last night!"
"I did not lecture you about Rollica; I only gave you some advice, which you may take or leave as you wish. I don't feel the least interest in her personally, but naturally I would rather my sister did not exhibit her bad temper so openly. There are times, my dear sister, when you forget that you are, or ought to be, a lady."
"I'm too much of a lady to associate with a man like James Wilde."
"Kate, I don't associate with Mr. Wilde. Allowing him to see me home, and accepting a song from him cannot hurt me. But what is the matter with him? He is the same as the other young men in Astley, except that he is more polite and agreeable. As to his being poor, there are few rich men here. Oscar Douglass and our own brother are tolerably well off, but they are the exception."
"Oscar Douglass is a very rich man, and a gentleman."
"I have just said so," returned Adelaide calmly.
"You are most provoking, Adelaide. There is no use in talking to you when you have made up your mind to take your own way. You are as quietly selfish as our brother George."
"George and I ought to be obliged to you for your good opinion of us," smiled Adelaide. "Now, Kate, be sensible," she went on in gentler accents. "You are very cross this morning, and I can quite understand your being so, but it was all your own fault. Don't make a martyr of Rollica, and don't bring wrinkles on your forehead by being bad tempered. If it gets about that you victimize Rollica, people will exalt her and abase you. There, let us change the subject. Here comes mother."
Mrs. Hamilton sat down to her desk, while her two daughters occupied themselves, one with a book, a word of which she scarcely read, and the other with some crewelwork. From the breakfast parlour a faint sound of singing issued now and again, which disturbed Kate not a little. It was Rollica's time for practising, so no objection could be offered, but the Misses Hamilton were aggrieved that the necessity existed for permitting such singing in the house.

A few weeks afterwards, the engagement of Amy Hudson to George Hamilton was announced, and an early day fixed for the wedding. Mrs. Hamilton was pleased that her son would have such a wealthy and desirable wife, and the girls liked Amy, and congratulated themselves on the probability of there being another house in Astley where parties and entertainments would be given.
Rollica ought not to have been very interested in George's marriage, for he never took much notice of her, although he had ceased to laugh at her; but she was grateful to Amy for her good-natured attentions, and for her kindly influence over her intended husband. When Mr. Hamilton told her the news at dinner, she immediately resolved to make Amy some little present. All her friends would give her something, so there would be nothing remarkable in the deed.
Accordingly she went to her room, locked her door, and turned out the contents of her trunks and looked over all her treasures to see what she had at her disposal. She had very little money, and what she received from Mr. Hamilton she tried to save, in order not to be utterly penniless when she commenced to earn her own living.
She had a few rings and brooches, and a pearl necklet of unusual beauty which had belonged to her mother. Some old cream-coloured lace attracted her attention at last. It had been given to her mother by a French countess. There were no special memories in connection with it, and it was really very beautiful and very old. There were two deep flounces, and a short straight piece which could be made up as a bodice. Yes, that would be just the present for Amy; it would be fit for a rich girl who would shortly be a bride. How kind she had been that night coming home from The Hall, and how kind and good-natured she always was.
"I will take it to her tomorrow. It will be so nice to give her some pleasure in return for her kindness to a stranger. I do hope she will think the flounces pretty. Mamma used to say they were valuable, and in my opinion old lace is lovely. Will she laugh at me, and refuse my present? Oh, I hope not. I hope she will be pleased, and believe that I am glad to have something pretty to offer with my congratulations."
When Rollica walked through the main street of Astley the following day, her courage almost forsook her. She had never been in Dr. Hudson's house. She had no reason to expect that Amy would welcome a visit from her; she might even deem her impertinent for offering her a wedding present. When she knocked at the hall door, she scarcely heard the knock, so frightened and nervous had she grown. The servant, in answer to her summons, ushered her into the drawing room, and left her sitting there in solitary state for ten minutes, an interval which helped her to collect her thoughts and appear more composed. She was not about to do wrong. Why then need she be so nervous and frightened? Amy Hudson was not a formidable person at all, not in the least like Mrs. Hamilton or Adelaide. She would very likely laugh and talk, and be most agreeable.
Reasoning thus within herself, Rollica was able to return Amy's kindly greeting warmly, and answer her inquiries about the Misses Hamilton.
"You know they will soon be my sisters," she said, with a smile and blush.
"Yes, Mr. Hamilton told me that his son was so fortunate as to obtain your consent to be his wife," Rollica answered, with all her native courtesy and politeness. She was quite her natural self now. "I congratulate you both with all my heart."
"Thank you. I am sure your congratulations are sincere. I am sorry I kept you waiting so long, but dressmakers are very demanding just at present. I was trying on a dress when you came."
"You must be very busy."
"I am not busy now; the dressmaker has gone. Did you bring me any message from the girls?"
"No, I came for myself," replied Rollica, fearing that Amy would think her presumptuous.
"You came to offer your congratulations in person! That was very good of you indeed. I hope you will visit me in my new house. We are to have The Laurels, that large house the other side of the town. I did not like the idea of living in the town itself. There will be a nice tennis court for you and my new sisters, and good-sized grounds to wander through."
"Thank you. I would like to see you in your new house. I brought you a little wedding present. Will you please accept it from me? It is only some old lace. I wish it was a bracelet, or ring, or something better, but perhaps you may be able to trim an evening dress with it." She spoke in all humility, not esteeming her gift much.
Amy took the parcel with a rather astonished, but gratified "Thank you," and a bit of the lace appearing, for it was not very carefully fastened up, she cried, "I do love lace! I really must open this at once, and look at it."
She untied the string, and spread out the flounces. Then she exclaimed, in delight and surprise, "Why, Rollica, this is simply exquisite! It is too valuable a present to give me. It will cover a whole dress, and look lovely. I ought not to deprive you of it. Did you know how valuable it is?"
"Oh yes, but I have another set of my dear mother's own lace. Do accept it from me," Rollica went on pleadingly. "I think you admire it, so do accept it. It would make me so happy to think I had given you something that pleased you."
Amy kissed her affectionately. "Then I will take it, and thank you for it a thousand times. Although I have plenty of money, I could not buy lace like that, for I never saw its equal. Old lace and old things are best. This will be the prettiest present I shall receive. It was kind of you to bestow such a treasure on me."
"I am not kind to you," Rollica answered quickly; "but you have often been kind to me."
"Nay, child, I have no recollection of having shown you any special kindness. You must have a grateful and affectionate disposition."
Rollica shook her head, and changed the subject. Amy told her all about the coming wedding, and reminded her that she was to be one of the guests.
"Your invitation is written long ago. You will receive it properly when the Hamiltons have theirs. I asked Adelaide to tell you of the wedding, so that you might be thinking of your dress. Did she do so?"
"She is always so occupied," replied Rollica evasively. "She knew I would hear it in good time."
"Then she didn't give you my message? That was very thoughtless of her. My sisters-in-law elect are peculiar in some ways. I don't always understand them."
Rollica returned to The Moat much cheered and comforted by her visit to Miss Hudson. It was so pleasant to be able to chat unreservedly. Amy was young, good-natured, and lively, and the lonely girl felt as if she had made another new friend worth the having.
When George Hamilton visited Miss Hudson that evening, she showed him the old lace. "My first wedding present," she explained, with a laugh and a blush. "Is it not beautiful?"
"I know nothing about lace or dresses, dear, but this seems to me to be valuable and pretty. What a quantity there is of it!"
"It is perfectly exquisite; it is fit for a countess, rather than for old Mr. Hudson's daughter. It might be suitable for Mrs. Douglass herself to wear. Guess who gave it to me."
"Mrs. Douglass."
"No indeed. It is early yet to receive presents. Mrs. Douglass's gift has to come."
"I know of no one in or near Astley who would be likely to give you such a present. You will get plenty of silver and china, but old lace.... No, I cannot guess, you must tell me."
"Rollica Reed," answered Amy triumphantly.
"Rollica!" he exclaimed.
"Yes indeed. I hesitated about taking it at first, but she told me she had another set; and, moreover, she looked so disappointed when I objected, that I accepted it in the spirit in which it was offered."
"Good girl she is. She evidently appreciates the future Mrs. George Hamilton. She has made me her friend for life. I have kept my promise to you about her, but I confess my behaviour towards her has been of the negative sort. But now I will try to talk to her, and make her life less dreary. Poor child, her prospects are not very brilliant, I am afraid."
George was indeed much gratified by Rollica's evident regard for Amy, especially as that regard was of a practical nature. On his return home he told his mother and sisters of the wedding present of old lace.
"You know friendship is all very fine, but when it takes the form of valuable gifts, I understand and appreciate it," he said.

Chapter 9

"THE scheming creature!" cried Kate, when she fully comprehended what her brother said about Amy's first wedding present. "Rollica is determined to scrape an acquaintance with the people who are worth knowing, however it is to be managed. She has secured Amy's regard now."
"She has secured mine also," answered George good-humouredly. "Of course such an attention to my future wife calls forth my thanks and gratitude."
"Of course," returned Kate, with a sarcastic smile.
"Come now, you must acknowledge that it was an unselfish act to give away such valuable lace. She had no money to buy anything good enough for Amy, so she gave up her lace. It must have been a sacrifice, for girls are fond of lace, and ribbons, and finery of all sorts."
"I don't agree it was a sacrifice," said Mrs. Hamilton coldly. "As a governess, Rollica could have no use for such lace, so she thought it wiser to buy an influential friend with it. She has plenty of common sense and worldly wisdom."
"I rather admire her the more if she has those qualities," laughed George. "I have no patience with goody, meek and mild fools."
"George is flattered that Rollica considered his intended wife of sufficient importance to be conciliated by such a valuable gift," put in Adelaide slowly.
"You have taken the trouble to be interested in the subject," said Kate in a cross tone.
"Adelaide has spoken very properly," reprimanded Mrs. Hamilton. "I wish you would also learn to make sensible remarks, and not be so very excitable."
"Naturally a man wishes people to deem his wife of importance; it reflects credit on himself. I promised Amy to think well of Rollica, so I must keep my promise. How quarrelsome you are these times, Kate!"
"I am not quarrelsome. The selfishness and indifference of people make me angry."
George shrugged his shoulders and quitted the room. All the talk about Rollica appeared to him to be fuss over nothing. His sisters were jealous of her growing beauty of person, and pretty, half-French manner. Girls were always jealous of one another. Certainly Adelaide did not excite herself about Rollica, but evidently she did not like her anymore than Kate did. He was glad his Amy was good-natured and good-tempered, and of course he was glad she had a nice fortune. All things considered, he was undoubtedly a fortunate man, so he could afford to be kindly disposed towards those who were less happily situated.

The next day Kate went to the breakfast room, or morning room as it was often called, where Rollica was practising with closed door.
"So, my dear, simple-minded young lady, you do know how to cringe and sneak into the favour of those likely to be useful to you. Oh, we have heard all about it!"
"I don't in the least understand you," said Rollica in amazement, the red colour rushing to her face at the sneering tone and words.
"Simple, innocent dears never will understand when they choose to be stupid. Why did you give your precious lace to Amy Hudson? You, a total stranger! We, her intended sisters, will not give her half such a valuable present."
"I gave it to her because I had nothing appropriate for a wedding present, and not enough money of my own to buy her anything pretty."
"Oh, very fine! Why should you give her a present at all? She is nothing to you, and you are nothing to her."
"She has always been kind and pleasant to me. It was only right that I should try and please her," replied Rollica quickly.
"She must have been amazed indeed when you offered her a present; but she is so absurdly good-natured that she would not hurt your feelings by refusing it. She knew very well that you had a reason for giving her your lace. Of course she will feel obliged to ask you to her house now, and she and George will feel bound to show you some attention. Indeed, George said as much. I would never have been so mean as to bribe strangers to take notice of me, and invite me to their house."
"I had no such thought in my head," declared Rollica in hot indignation. "What a strangely suspicious imagination you have! There is no use in denying all you say. You dislike me for some cause quite unknown to me, and everything I say and do is wrong in your eyes."
"Don't attempt to talk cant to me. I can see through all your little French deceptions. Foursquare, indeed! But French people are always double-faced."
"They are not double-faced. Some of the nicest people in the world have been French. Besides, I am not French."
"Don't argue with me, if you please; I am not Adelaide. I have taken the trouble to find out your character. No one gives valuable presents to strangers without motive. I hope Amy may never invite you to her house. I hope your cunning will not prosper. But good-natured people are so easily deceived by a flattering tongue and caressing manners."
"Go away, Kate, if you please. You know you are not telling truth. I won't be angry, no matter how you provoke me. Mrs. Hamilton said I might have this time alone in the breakfast room, and I cannot afford to waste it in idle recrimination."
"Oh, you are a self-righteous young person. I will not be turned out of my own room. Go away yourself, and don't presume to speak so impertinently to the daughter of one to whom you owe everything. If my father hadn't taken pity on you, the workhouse would have been your home."
"You are wicked and horrible!" cried Rollica, jumping up from the piano. "I will tell Mr. Hamilton I cannot longer accept his kindness, his wife and daughters are so cruel to me."
"Speak to father if you dare, you untruthful girl!" said Kate, startled by Rollica's unexpected speech and vehement indignation. "No one here has treated you with unkindness. Your own double-dealing and conceit rouse us into angry contempt sometimes, and no wonder."
But Rollica hastened from the room without uttering another word.
Feeling rather dismayed at the result produced by the recent altercation, Kate went slowly back to the dining room, where she repeated to Adelaide part of what had taken place.
"You have done the deed this time. Won't father be angry when he hears Rollica's story! You know he is already prepossessed in her favour. He will believe her against you, very likely. Mother won't be pleased either. Why can't you keep your dislike within ladylike bounds? No one wants you to love Rollica, but do let her alone. I have often given you this advice, but you are so self-opinionated you won't listen to anyone."
During the last two or three months a certain constraint and ill-feeling had sprung up between the two sisters, due in a great measure to Kate's disturbing the peace of the house by frequent one-sided quarrels with Rollica, and also due to the fact that Kate had spoken so contemptuously of Mr. James Wilde, whose singing and flattery seemed to please Adelaide in a way unaccountable to her sister.
"My dear Adelaide, your lazy selfishness will bring you into trouble some day, or I am very much mistaken."
"I am sorry you think so," was the placid answer. "Because I don't like perpetual quarrelling, and because I do like peace and a tranquil existence, I am lazy and selfish. I have not much doubt that when father hears Rollica's tale today you will wish you were lazy and selfish also. Better for you to turn your thoughts to your bridesmaid's dress, and leave fighting alone."
"There again is a trouble. Rollica will not need any money this quarter. She has that curious cream dress trimmed with old gold lace and braid which she intends wearing, for she is not to be a bridesmaid, you know, and she has made a lovely cream plush cap to match it. I owed nearly half of this quarter to the dressmaker. I want some of her money, but of course she won't lend it to me now we have quarrelled."
"Perhaps if you go to her and speak sweetly and apologetically, she will forgive you, and not tell father. I am sure I wish you would do so. We don't want rows now, when we should all be placid in order to look nice at the wedding."
"Apologize to Rollica? Indeed I won't do any such thing. She is a double-faced, cunning little monkey."
"Very well, then you must do without your money, for I have none to give you, and you will have father's wrath in addition."
Meanwhile Rollica, in no very gentle mood, as usual sought relief from her anger in a quick walk. Before she started, she asked Mrs. Hamilton to excuse her from being present at luncheon that day, to which request the lady gave a preoccupied assent, for her attention was much engaged by household affairs, and by her son's approaching marriage.
It was a bright, clear day when Rollica started on her walk, but presently rain began to fall, and the wind rose so rapidly that she could not keep her umbrella over her head. She did not want to turn back, for to remain for hours alone in her own room presented no attractions to her just then. She recollected that a few minutes' walk would bring her to Bathsheba's cottage, and she resolved she would shelter there if the charwoman should be at home. Accordingly she hurried on, and soon reached the cottage. To her satisfaction, Bathsheba herself opened the door.
"Come in, come in, Miss Rollica honey. It's turned out a bad day entirely."
"May I shelter for a while? Will I be interfering with you in any way?"
"Not a bit of interference," cried the woman cheerfully. "It's right glad I am to see you. What a good thing it was I had no engagement for today! I seldom do have anything for Wednesdays. Oh, but you're wet! There, let me shake your sealskin, and stand your umbrella in the shed. Your dress isn't much wet."
"No, the rain only came on a few minutes ago. I think it will clear up again. Then I may sit with you a while?"
"Sure you're heartily welcome, and if you'll stop and have a bit of my dinner, it'll do you for lunch."
Rollica accepted the invitation with alacrity. Her passionate resentment seemed to be melting away under the kindly, cheering influence of Bathsheba.
"They won't expect me for lunch at The Moat, and it is so nice here with you, Bathsheba."
"Thank you for saying so, Miss Rollica. You bring sunshine with you whenever you come into my kitchen. I was feeling a bit lonely today, and here you are to enliven me."
"I'm afraid I am too cross to enliven anybody," said Rollica, with a half smile. "But you don't look well, Bathsheba."
"It's only a touch of my old complaint."
"I didn't know you had any old complaint; what is it?"
"Don't trouble your dear self about it," answered Bathsheba, with an affectionate glance at the girl's anxious face. "It's a pain that I get sometimes near my heart. The doctor in Dublin gave me a bottle to take when it comes on. It's very seldom I have it. I believe it's indigestion, or some such thing, and of no consequence, except that pain isn't pleasant whatever it comes from. But never mind me, tell me about yourself. Might I make bold to ask what annoyed you?"
"As usual, Kate's sharp tongue has hurt me. She said nasty, ridiculous things about something that didn't concern her in the least. I couldn't listen to her in silence."
"She's a crooked creature indeed," spoke the charwoman in a disgusted tone. "She can't walk straight herself, and she won't let those alone that are trying to do so. However, I oughtn't to speak so. I've been reading the Bible that I bought, and I must confess Jesus Christ would forgive anything, if we only ask Him. Kate would never have upset Him. He'd have pitied the poor creature and forgiven her. I can't do that sort of thing yet, though I'm trying hard to live on the square. But if we are forgiven by Jesus, we must forgive too. That is in the prayer our Lord taught us."
"I mean to tell Mr. Hamilton tonight that I cannot longer endure the cruelty and undeserved unkindness of his family. I am old enough to be pupil teacher in some school, or governess to young children. I would be far happier in such a position than eating the bread of dependence in The Moat."
"If Mr. Hamilton knew of his family's behaviour to you, he'd be fine and angry. They'd all hear something from him, for he's a just and upright man, I believe. He's a bit hard, and doesn't know much about Bible charity. It's very cruel to you, poor dear, but there's your motto to think of. How would your exposing Kate agree with 'Foursquare'? I believe Jesus Christ would forgive always and ever, and so must you. I can't practise what I preach just yet; but you, Miss Rollica dear, you won't give up. You are foursquare now, almost all the way. Don't let the last line fall a bit short of making the square correct."
"Oh dear, my ring is always preventing me from giving expression to my anger in some tangible manner. As a Christian, must I go on bearing with injustice?"
Bathsheba made no answer. She only looked anxiously, appealingly, at her visitor.
"I know it is right. I know strength will be given me to endure, if I ask for it. No, I won't give up. With the help of the Holy Spirit, I will still try to live up to my motto."
"God bless you, honey!" cried the woman in relieved tones. "You have taken a load off me. Sure she's sorely tried, I said to myself, and if she remains firm to Foursquare, then the whole Bible is true, and there is heaven and happiness for me when I die."
Rollica was much moved by her words. "You did not doubt the truth of the Bible?" she said wonderingly.
"I didn't exactly doubt it, but Christ's law is such a hard, unnatural one. Love your enemies, says He. Now it's against nature to love one's enemies, and I never knew of anyone, out of books, that did so, churchgoer or not. Then you're to forgive always. Well, that's against nature too, and I never met a religious person that forgave always. There's a limit to a religious person's forgiveness, and none of them think of making their lives foursquare. But here you are before my eyes, fighting away as if you know our Lord, so I'm bound to believe it's a right and good thing, and can be done. One person trying to practise goodness is better than a whole world preaching it."
"You must not imagine me to be what I am not," spoke Rollica earnestly. "I am not good. I am very impatient and hot-tempered. But I know in my heart that it would be a grand thing to make my life foursquare, so I will fight on, as you say. Your encouragement and advice often keep me from falling by the way. You are a great help to me. Only for you now, I would have spoken to Mr. Hamilton tonight."
"Not you, my jewel. When you had thought it quietly over, your motto would have prevented you from doing wrong. It's just like your sweetness to say I help you."
"Oh, Bathsheba, you will ruin me with flattery," cried Rollica laughingly. "It is well I have the discipline of The Moat to counteract your praise, and prevent me from growing too conceited. Evidently I must cultivate a meek and quiet spirit!"

Chapter 10

WHEN dinner was over that evening, Kate followed Rollica to her room whither she had retired in order to finish some needlework.
"Perhaps I was hasty this morning. Let us forget it, Rollica," was her rather ungracious mode of apologizing for her unkind, unwarranted accusations which had given poor Rollica such pain.
"I am quite willing to forget what you said," was the quick reply. "I am sure you did not really believe me to be so mean and so strange. Have you made all your preparations for the wedding? I have nearly finished mine."
"No, I am still in the hands of the dressmaker. You have not that worry. You can make your own dresses. Dressmakers are so expensive too. They charge almost as much for making the dress as the material and trimming cost."
"You ought to be your own dressmaker, and save your money. I will gladly teach you anything I know, and help you in any way."
"It would be such drudgery, and take up so much time," replied Kate, shrugging her shoulders. "I am too much occupied with society to turn dressmaker. You said you would be willing to help me in any way," she went on, after a pause.
"Yes, I meant it."
"Well, I owe my dressmaker some money. Will you give me enough to satisfy her at present? I know you have not been obliged to buy a new dress for the wedding, and your hat has cost you very little, so you can have no immediate need for this quarter's allowance."
Rollica hesitated for a minute. Kate had often before borrowed money from her, and as yet had never returned any, and she wanted some of this money to buy a little present for Bathsheba. If she gave a large portion of it away, she could not bestow on her friend anything worth her acceptance.
Kate grew impatient at the delay, and said hastily, "I don't ask you to give me this money, for which you can have no use. I only ask a loan of it."
Rollica could scarcely repress a smile as she answered, "You can have half my allowance, with pleasure. I must keep the remaining half for a special purpose."
Kate was disappointed. She wanted more, but she was afraid of expressing her disappointment lest Rollica should be annoyed and refuse to give her any at all.
"Thank you," she said a little coldly. "I must be satisfied with what you can lend me. I require much more, but I must try and manage some other way."

A few weeks later, Oscar Douglass came back to his home after a long absence. His mother rejoiced exceedingly when she had her son once again with her. He had been son and daughter to her always, and returned her love with a fervour not even exceeded by her own. He was a confident, rather handsome young man, and a welcome visitor in the best houses in the neighbourhood.
 On the morning after his return he sat talking with his mother in her favourite morning room, the windows of which opened on to the stretch of smooth green sward in which beds filled with bright-hued, sweet-scented flowers gave token that summer had come at last. "Well, mother, what news have you? Has anything strange or wonderful occurred in my absence?"
"I think I told you everything in my letters. Amy Hudson is married to Mr. Hamilton's son. The wedding was a very pretty affair. I went to the church, but not to the breakfast; the latter would have been too tiring for me."
"I never had any great liking for the Hamilton family. I hope good-natured Miss Hudson will be happy."
"Oh yes, I believe George really does care for her, in spite of her large fortune. She is a pretty, pleasant girl, and seems to be as free and kind-hearted as ever."
"Of course, if George Hamilton really loves her, she will have power over him, and may make a better man of him."
"The Hamilton girls have been here two or three times lately. They are not generally very attentive to me, but they appear to have taken it into their heads that I must be lonely in this great house by myself, and that a few visits from them might be acceptable. Their attention is kindly meant, and Miss Adelaide Hamilton's quiet, indifferent manner is not so objectionable to me as it was. I am afraid I do not like Miss Kate Hamilton. Perhaps I am governed by prejudice. I know I am an old-fashioned old woman who dislikes the fast manners and actions of the young people of the present day."
"Nay, mother, I am sure you are never governed by prejudice," declared Oscar fondly. "You are a lady, that is all. I myself cannot understand why girls cannot be bright and lively and well educated, without being vulgar. It is a sort of free-and-easy manner that has crept into society which is so objectionable. Men as well as women are tainted by it."
"If all young ladies displease me, I am afraid you may by and by find your mother a very tiresome and inconvenient person," smiled Mrs. Douglass.
"You mean if I should ever desire to bring home a daughter to you," he replied, with an answering smile. "That day is far distant, mother dear. Let us not anticipate evil."
"Nay, dear Oscar, your marriage would be no evil."
There was a short silence, then Oscar said, "You told me you had accepted an invitation from Mrs. Hamilton, and that you had been very much interested in a young lady whom Mr. Hamilton had introduced to you. You did not follow up the subject in any subsequent letters. Did you lose your interest in this girl, or did she leave the neighbourhood?"
"Is it possible that I omitted to mention her when I told you of my skating party?" answered his mother, in unusually energetic accents. "No, she has not left the neighbourhood. She is to live in The Moat until she is old enough to be a governess. She is such a pretty, ladylike child, I was quite charmed with her. Her name is peculiar, and she wears a very curious and beautiful ring to which there is attached a story. I told her she must relate both the name and the ring story to you when you returned home. She is young yet, but she will soon be seventeen. She has lived in France, and Mrs. Hamilton condemns the hand gestures and little expressive movements in which she indulges when in earnest conversation, but I must confess they pleased and amused me. She has a pretty, deferential way of listening to those older than herself, which perhaps flattered my vanity."
"Dear me, mother, you seem to have discovered a paragon."
"No, no, she is not perfect, I am sure, but she is a good child, and from what she has told me she is trying to be a true follower of Christ. You must not take a dislike to her because I have praised her so highly. She is neither conceited, nor goody-goody. I don't think she and the Hamiltons agree very well. She is so different in every respect."
"Is she pretty?"
"Oh yes, I think so. Of course she is only young, but if she retains her present agreeable manners she will some day be a charming woman. I must not talk any more of her, or you will grow weary of her before you have seen her."
"I shall not do that," he returned laughingly. "I am very glad you have found some young person whose society can give you pleasure in my absence."
"Now, Oscar, I am not so very exclusive; I do like many young ladies, but I prefer those who are gentle-mannered."
At that moment visitors were announced, to the extreme surprise of Oscar who never knew callers to come before luncheon.
"We must apologize for such an early visit, dear Mrs. Douglass," said Kate Hamilton, with effusion, as she and Adelaide greeted that lady. "It was such a lovely day, Adelaide and I thought we would spend an hour or two of it in your delightful place. Oh, Mr. Douglass! I did not recognise you at first. We did not hear of your return."
"Am I so very changed?" asked the gentleman with a smile, as he shook hands with both young ladies.
"Not really changed, perhaps," replied Kate, with a doubtful glance at him, "but we were not expecting to see you. You will not want us now, Mrs. Douglass. We had better go home and pay you a visit another day at a proper hour."
"You must not hurry away, Miss Kate. We shall have lunch shortly, and if you and your sister will join us, we shall be very pleased. Oscar can stroll with you through the grounds. It is a pity to be in the house on such a day."
"Pray remain, Miss Hamilton. Do not let me frighten you away," added Oscar politely.
The Misses Hamilton removed their hats, and seated themselves willingly in the cool, fragrant room, to await the announcement of lunch.
"Your flowers are lovely now," said Adelaide, as her eyes rested with real pleasure on the smooth green lawn. "We have not so many this year as we ought to have. I sometimes think our gardener deceives us."
"You would find it agreeable employment watching the gardener yourselves," spoke Oscar, seating himself beside Adelaide. "If the man knew you were taking an interest in his work, he would do better, and be afraid to cheat you."
"I think you are right," answered Adelaide thoughtfully. "If you want anything properly done, you must attend to it yourself."
"Do you look after your gardeners, Mr. Douglass?"
"Indeed I do, Miss Kate; and my mother does it in my absence. We have a very conscientious head gardener, I believe; but it is a pleasure to me, and to my mother also to watch the growth of flowers and trees, and to note each new variety, each strange sort of plant."
"Yes, I can well believe it to be a pleasant pastime," responded Kate. "You must take me over your greenhouses after lunch, and give me a lesson in gardening."
"The flowers that grow out of doors are as interesting as those in the houses. I will act as exhibitor with pleasure."
"And as teacher also, I hope."

Chapter 11

When lunch was over, the young ladies, Mrs. Douglass and Oscar sauntered out into the grounds, the ladies protected by large sunshades from the hot sun. At first they all walked together, but presently Kate drew Oscar away to a side bed to admire a beautiful geranium, and Mrs. Douglass and Adelaide continued slowly on towards the hothouses.
"I quite long to hear all about your travels," Kate said, when she had asked question after question about the flower, and at last turned away reluctantly to follow the others. "It must have been delightful wandering through Switzerland and Italy. Just imagine! I have never been out of England, nor indeed been very far from Astley. We were in London of course, and we sometimes go to Brighton or Hastings for the summer, but Adelaide and I want to see France. Mrs. Douglass often talks about the north of France. She seems really to love it"
"Yes, we both like France, Normandy and Brittany especially. Dinan is a charming old-fashioned town with a very pretty river running through it. But I have not travelled much this time. I came home almost directly, scarcely lingering anywhere. I was obliged to be so long absent, that when at length I really started homewards I gladly hurried the journey."
"You were a long time away. We wondered when you would return. You were missed, I can assure you."
"I feel flattered by the attention of the people of Astley," he replied, with grave courtesy that reminded Kate of Mrs. Douglass.
"We had a fine wedding recently. It was indeed a very pretty affair, and Amy looked charming."
"I am sure she did," he responded heartily. "I must do myself the honour of calling on her in her new home. Your brother was fortunate."
"Yes, you may say so. A pretty girl with plenty of money is not to be had every day. I am glad Amy is of a sociable disposition. She can entertain us all famously at The Laurels."
"You are fond of society because you shine in it," he said politely.
"Well, I am fond of society to a certain extent. I can easily imagine circumstances under which I should not care much about it. The admiration of many is not so much valued by me as my friends think. Some people were pitying Amy, and saying that now she was married there was an end of fun for her, that she must settle down into a staid matron. What can a girl want more than someone to love her devotedly, and a comfortable home to live in? I am rather inclined to envy Amy, though my brother is her husband. He is truly fond of her."
"I am certain he is, and I quite agree with you that her position is an enviable one. Indeed, I think they must both be very happy. But she will make the most of her happiness, for she has a cheerful, contented disposition."
"Yes, she has. She is almost too good-natured."
"Can anyone be too good-natured?" he asked, with a smile.
"Oh yes, and when they are so, it is simply weakness."
"You evidently believe in the saying that 'anything carried to excess is error,'" he returned as they reached the door of the nearest hothouse, where Adelaide and Mrs. Douglass were standing.
When the young ladies had admired the plants and flowers in the houses, and had listened with apparent interest to Oscar's explanations of some of the rarer sorts, Adelaide declared they must hasten home.
Kate was in no hurry to take her departure, but she was of course obliged to assent to what her sister said, especially as it was really late in the afternoon, and would be almost five o'clock before they reached The Moat.
"Oscar will escort you home," said Mrs. Douglass. "If Miss Rollica should be in the house, will you introduce him to her? I have been telling him of her, and I know he will be much entertained by her account of rural life in Brittany. She has lived so many years in the north of France that she is familiar with the habits and customs of the people, and she can speak their tongue perfectly."
Adelaide answered coldly and politely: "Rollica is only a girl yet, Mrs. Douglass. Mother does not care for her knowing too many people until she is older, in case her head should be turned by flattery and nonsense. Mr. Douglass is no stranger," she added hastily, seeing an expression of surprised displeasure on Mrs. Douglass's face. "Mother will no doubt consider him a friend of the family, and introduce Rollica, should she be present."
When the Misses Hamilton and their companion arrived at The Moat, Adelaide politely invited Oscar to wait and have tea with them, which was always ready about that hour. To her disappointment, he accepted the invitation with seeming alacrity.
In the drawing room they found Mrs. Hamilton, Amy Hamilton, and Rollica Reed. Kate suppressed an exclamation of anger when she saw Rollica, and kissed her sister-in-law with effusion.
"So you have returned at last, Mr. Douglass," said Mrs. Hamilton, with stately kindness. "I am sure your mother welcomed you with joy."
"She was not sorry to see me," he replied smilingly, as he turned to receive the greeting of the bride, and offer her his congratulations.
Then his eyes fell on Rollica who had retreated a little from Amy's side where she had been standing before the entrance of the Misses Hamilton. Adelaide would have conveniently forgotten Mrs. Douglass's last words, but she did not care to annoy that lady, so she said in a low tone to her mother, "Will you introduce Rollica to Mr. Douglass? His mother especially wishes him to know her."
Mrs. Hamilton stared in surprise at her daughter for a moment, then reluctantly performed the necessary introduction, and immediately afterwards sent Rollica out of the room to look for a book in the bookcase in the dining room.
"You must come and see me," said Amy to Oscar. "The Laurels is my new home. Do you remember the house?"
"Oh yes, quite distinctly. I think you have made a wise choice in selecting it for your home. It is pretty and commodious, and not too far from Astley. I shall certainly do myself the honour of calling on you soon."
"The rooms are a respectable size," spoke Kate, who had been impatiently waiting for an opportunity to join in the conversation. "Mrs. George Hamilton can entertain her friends delightfully."
Amy laughed. "That is what Kate thinks about. If she were choosing a house, she would have large reception rooms, no matter what the rest of the house was like."
"I am not quite so fond of society as you imply," returned Kate sharply. "I should think you are quite as fond of amusement as I am, only you say less about it."
Amy was surprised at Kate's half-angry answer, and wondered for an instant how she had provoked it, but her attention was distracted by the return of Rollica with the book for which she had been searching.
"Thank you, Rollica. Mrs. Hamilton kindly sent for the book for me."
Rollica gave it to Amy with a smile. "I see it is a story about Brittany," she said.
"Yes, George and I are thinking of going to Brittany next spring, and I wanted to know a little of the place. Perhaps it would be wiser to buy a guide, or a 'Tour in Brittany,' or some such descriptive work; but my mind is so frivolous that it can only take in information in narrative form. I have often wished that story writers would make it a point to convey some definite, useful piece of information in every book they write, then people like myself would be educated in spite of themselves."
Oscar joined in Rollica's laugh. "I don't think your wish a bad one," he said; "though I'm afraid, if it were carried out, it might not always work successfully."
"It might make a revolution in the educational world," said Rollica. "I am very fond of stories, but I like books of history and travel and poetry also."
Amy smiled. "Oh, you have been soundly educated,' as the school teachers phrase it. Your attainments are unusual for a young girl. But you have not schools and governesses to thank for that."
Rollica blushed with pleasure at Amy's well-meant words of praise, though she would rather that they had not been uttered so publicly.
"You must not depreciate yourself, Amy." Mrs. Hamilton spoke with cold politeness. "There is no need for you to pay so much attention to mere schoolroom attainments. You are not going to be a teacher. It would be very sad indeed if Rollica were not soundly educated."
"My mother had a skating party in my absence," said Oscar Douglass, changing the conversation quickly, and in a marked manner. "You all gave her the pleasure of your company then. I hope you will do so soon again. She talks of a tennis party in a fortnight, to do honour to the bride." He bowed smilingly to Amy. "The summer is not yet too hot for the exercise."
"No, indeed, it is not too hot in the afternoons," cried Kate. "It would be delightful to play tennis again on your well-kept grass. What do you say, Amy?"
"I say it would be very pleasant indeed, and Mrs. Douglass is most kind to be providing for our amusement so agreeably. But I must start for home or I shall be late for dinner. George would not like to dine alone."
"I will accompany you, Mrs. Hamilton," returned Oscar, rising also. "My way leads me past your door."
"Perhaps you will come in and dine with us? You would be very welcome."
"Thank you, but my mother will be expecting me, and I never care to disappoint her."
"Well, Rollica, are you ready? Don't keep me waiting too long, like a good child."
Rollica glanced hesitatingly towards Mrs. Hamilton.
"I wish you would excuse Rollica," said that lady, some irritation apparent in her tone. "You forget, dear, that I do not approve of young people going into society too soon."
"You don't call dining with me and George 'going into society'? She says she has nothing particular to study this evening, that she works at her books and music in the mornings. George expects that I will bring her back with me. We won't send her home along the lonely country roads tonight. She has promised to stay with us until the morning."
"She should have consulted me before she made any such promise. I suppose she must go with you this time."
Although Oscar's attention seemed to be occupied with Adelaide and Kate, Mrs. Hamilton was not sure that such was really the case, so she gave a reluctant consent to Amy's proposal without making further demur, the while determining within herself that Rollica should not have the chance of accepting many more such invitations.
Rollica was soon ready to join her friend, and accompanied by Oscar Douglass they started for The Laurels.
"Will the walk be too long for Miss Reed?" asked Oscar. "I do not know whether she has yet grown accustomed to our country roads."
"I like a long walk," replied Rollica brightly. She was going to spend a happy evening, and she determined to enjoy herself and leave her troubles behind her in The Moat. "I used to walk a great deal at home in Brittany, and I continued the exercise when I came here."
"My mother told me about your French disposition," he answered smilingly. "She and I have had many a tour together in France and Italy. Do you know Dinan?"
"Indeed, we lived there for a while. I used to go twice a week to St. Malo in the diligence to take Latin lessons from an old master of my father's. In the summer it was nicer to go by boat. Is not the river lovely, with all that tall yellow broom growing on either side of it? About twelve o'clock of a summer's day, the yellow mass of bloom, with the shining river flowing between, was dazzlingly beautiful."
"Wasn't it very hot on the river at that hour?" asked Amy. "I am afraid the heat would take away my pleasure in the view."
"Yes, it was hot," agreed Rollica, "but I never thought about that. Of course we generally wore white dresses and big hats. We used to play tennis in the heat, trusting to our white veils to keep off sunstroke."
"When we are young, life is all enjoyment, regardless of small inconveniences," said Oscar, with a half sigh, as he looked at Rollica's flushed, animated face.
"Do you call yourself old?" questioned Amy in amusement. "You believe you would rather not be on that river in Brittany, lovely as it may be, while the sun was glaring on your head?"
"Life is not all enjoyment while we are young," thought Rollica a little bitterly.

Chapter 12

WHEN the door had closed behind the visitors and Rollica, Kate broke out into vehement denunciations of artful girls, and good nature that was simply weakness.
"Meaning Amy and Rollica?" said Adelaide, with a quiet smile.
"Of course," answered Kate, turning angrily away from her sister. "Oh, our innocent young relative knew well what she was about when she presented that old lace to Amy. What a goose Amy is, to think that it was for love of her that Rollica gave her such a wedding present! Now she will be always inviting our artful young lady to her house, and George will smile his approbation in that silly, lover-like fashion he has recently adopted. It is too provoking!"
"You surely don't wish George to quarrel with his wife? You are talking nonsense, as you so often do, Kate." Mrs. Hamilton spoke angrily, for in truth she was very much disturbed in spirit. "It is Rollica with whom I am annoyed. Amy is a most desirable connection in every respect. Did you spend all the morning in Oscar Douglass's company?"
"Yes, he was with his mother when we got to The Hall," replied Adelaide. "We had a very pleasant time. Mrs. Douglass was most kind and attentive to us."
"I am glad to hear that," responded Mrs. Hamilton in less irritated accents. "Mrs. Douglass and her son are friends worth cultivating, as I have often said to you both. Your father has a great respect for Oscar Douglass. You know he is very particular in his ideas as to what a young man should be. He considers Mrs. Douglass a fitting mother to such a son. I don't say I quite agree with him on the subject. Mrs. Douglass's manner is rather self-righteous, rather censorious, but I have found through life so many people of that description that I have grown accustomed to the species."
"We like the mother and son, but when Rollica is present we cannot get a word with either of them," declared Kate.
Mrs. Hamilton smiled in spite of herself. "I think you manage to absorb more than your share of the conversation everywhere. Now, if Adelaide had made such a complaint, I could better understand it."
"Adelaide always was lazily inclined," laughed Kate. "I was always the energetic member of the family. But really, mother, I wish Rollica could be kept more in the background, or sent off as a governess."
"I will certainly endeavour to make her remain more in the morning room for the future. The time will soon come now when she can earn her own living, and she must work more industriously at her books and music in order to be ready to take a good situation. I shall be thankful when she is safely settled in some respectable place."
"So will I," added Kate, with fervour. "But in the meantime all this gaiety and flattery will unfit her for her future position. Adelaide, I wish you would speak to Amy on this subject. She wouldn't listen to me, I know. Since that walk home from The Hall, she thinks I am prejudiced."
"I will see what I can do," replied Adelaide, with unusual animation. "But if I do this to please you, I shall count on your assistance, should I ever need it for any purpose."
Mrs. Hamilton had left the room, the sisters were now alone together.
"I am always ready to help you," answered Kate, some surprise in her tone, "but you never seem to want help of any sort. You are so indifferent, as a rule, you don't care about people or amusements."
"I may ask your assistance some day," returned Adelaide, a faint colour rising in her face. "Remember, I shall consider you have made me a promise."
"Consider what you wish," replied Kate carelessly. "You know you can count on my good nature where you are concerned. But you make me curious. How could I help you? You have never any trials, any unfulfilled wishes. You seldom grumble as I do. I thought you were annoyed at Rollica's coming here. At first it appeared to vex you, but you have grown indifferent about that too."
"What is the use in troubling oneself to no purpose? You say you get your own way when you have determined on anything; I know I get mine by calmly doing what pleases me, regardless of everyone. No amount of talk or fuss moves me in the least."
"You are selfish, coolly selfish!" cried Kate in a sort of dismayed fashion. "Your words sound badly even in my ears."
"Not at all," returned Adelaide. "You are just as selfish, only you show it in a different way. You seek your own good always, so do I. Where is the real difference between us? Certainly I am more sensible and wise in many respects than you are. I don't tell everyone my inner thoughts and feelings, and I endeavour to remember I am a lady. But here is mother back again. Let us change the conversation. I will keep my promise, and I expect you to do the same."

Rollica passed a very pleasant evening at The Laurels, quite forgetting her old discomfort in the presence of George -- astonishing that gentleman by her vivacity and the variety of her accomplishments. She sang and played after dinner, and joined Amy in a duet, taking the contralto part, for she was afraid to sing much lest her voice should become strained and harsh. She knew that at her age there was great danger of spoiling the vocal organ by overexertion, and she told herself she could not afford to do that. Then George joined in a trio, which was quite a successful performance.
"I didn't know you sang," said Rollica, when the trio was over. "You have such a nice voice. A much better one than Mr. Wilde has, and they say he sings beautifully."
Both her hearers laughed, well pleased.
"Amy has taught me to sing," George declared.
"Now, George, you sang long before we were married, so don't be deceiving Rollica."
"I certainly did not sing often at home."
"No, because your sisters don't like duets or trios, and you don't care to sing alone. You have a good voice. Rollica is right there. But I never heard Mr. Wilde sing. I scarcely know him at all. Is he nice, Rollica?"
"He sings, and he sometimes comes to The Moat. I have never had any conversation with him."
"He is only middling," said George. "He is a clerk in our office, so of course I know a little of him. I should not care for you to ask him here. I wish my mother would not invite him to her 'evenings.' You remember you got him an invitation to The Hall?"
"Yes, I remember that very well, but my acquaintance with him is slight. He appeared a pleasant-mannered, agreeable sort of man."
"So he is, but he would be a better fellow if he drank less wine and gave up betting."
"Oh, if he is that kind of person, we won't ask him to our house, though I would not wish to be ill-natured to anyone. He sent me a handsome copy of Longfellow as a wedding present."
"It was like his audacity to do so, when his acquaintance with us was so slight. He was always a forward fellow."
Rollica felt a little uncomfortable on hearing this. She had not been an intimate friend of Amy's, yet she had given her a wedding present. Was there after all some truth in Mrs. Hamilton's and Kate's unkind remarks about the old lace?
"There was nothing wrong in his sending me a wedding present," laughed Amy. "If that was his only fault, there would be no harm in inviting him to our house."
George smiled. "Well, perhaps there was no harm in his wishing to obtain favour in your eyes."

The next day Rollica returned to The Moat, although Amy tried to make her prolong her visit. The girl knew that Mrs. Hamilton would be displeased if she remained longer; indeed she knew that that lady was angry because she had expressed a wish to accept Mrs. George Hamilton's invitation. She was sorry to leave The Laurels, and she promised to return as soon as she could.
George was so kind and polite in his own house, and he and Amy seemed so happy together, that it was a pleasure to be in their company, Rollica decided, as she slowly wended her way to The Moat under a hot sun. When she reached the house, she found that Mrs. Hamilton and Kate had driven to The Hall to visit Mrs. Douglass, and that Adelaide had gone to spend an hour or two with her sister-in-law. Feeling the usual lonely sensation creeping over her, Rollica carried her books to the morning room and seated herself in the window in the shade of the curtains, determined to work industriously and so forget her loneliness.
Meanwhile Adelaide was enjoying afternoon tea with Amy, and talking with unwonted animation of the visit to The Hall on the previous day, of Kate's love of flowers, and finally of Rollica's fondness of admiration and society. The latter subject she introduced carelessly, during the course of the conversation, laying no stress on it, and mentioning it as a well-known and deplorable fact.
"You are aware," she said, as she sipped her tea in her usual languid fashion, "that Rollica has no means of subsistence. She must be a governess, so it is a great pity that she should be so fond of excitement. As a governess, she will have no flattery, no dinners and evening. In fact, no society in the correct sense of the term. I wonder she does not, for her own sake, refuse all invitations. Her life here will make her future life seem so dreary in contrast."
 "I'm afraid that if I were in her place I would accept every invitation I received, and enjoy myself as much as possible before settling down to work," replied Amy. "It might not be wise to do so, but I would not consider that, I am sure."
"It would be very unwise indeed. I think mother ought, in pity to the girl, to refuse to allow her to accept invitations. I have advised that."
"You have? I didn't believe you so ill natured, Adelaide. How would you like to be treated that way yourself?"
"I am a lady, and don't need to earn a living," returned Adelaide angrily.
"Rollica is a lady by birth, education, and manners, and she must earn a living. Indeed, I never could see any indignity in work. Why should Rollica not be happy and respected as a governess? Many ladies work for a living now-a-days. It is splendid to be able to do so. One never knows what may happen. Banks may fail, business may fail; people are often overtaken by poverty through no fault of their own. What a good thing then to be able to teach, to be able to work in some way for a livelihood."
Adelaide smiled indulgently, but proudly. "That all sounds very well coming from the lips of a rich girl for whom the word poverty never can have a practical meaning, but I confess I would die of shame if I were in Rollica's position. I am glad I have not been educated in the fashion necessary for intending teachers. I have no ambition to work. Few ladies have."
"My dear Adelaide, you live out of the world!" cried Amy in restored good humour. "Rollica was telling us last night of a lady who taught in the school on her own estate, simply from love of doing good, and a desire to show by her example how noble a work teaching is."
"Oh, Rollica would naturally tell such a tale," declared Miss Hamilton scornfully. "But it will be well for the poor child if she can think highly of her work. It will render the task easier," she added in softer accents.
"Rollica may never be obliged to teach. Some rich relation may leave her a lot of money."
"Seriously, Amy, I was going to ask you not to encourage her to come here. You would be showing the child a real kindness if you left her quietly at home, and ceased to tempt her away from her books and music"
"I like her very much, and so does George," announced Amy resolutely. "We cannot deny ourselves the pleasure of her company sometimes, even if it would be for her good. She was ever so charming last night."
"Really, George ought to know better than to believe in her pretty speeches. I don't want to be unkind or cruel, Amy. I would not take the trouble of being so, but Rollica is a very artful girl. She knew when she gave you that old lace for a wedding present that you would very likely invite her to your house in return, and feel it incumbent on you to show her some attention. It was not for love of you that she made you such a present. George knows all this as well as we do. I wonder he did not tell you something of her character."
"What a nasty mean sort of idea!" said Amy impulsively. "If I thought such was her motive, I would never speak to her again."
"That would be going too far, my dear, and making her of too much importance. Speak to her politely, but don't invite her here, and don't be familiar with her. She deserves to be punished for her artfulness."
"I can scarcely believe her to be so deceitful and cunning."
"Ask George if I am not describing her character correctly. I don't feel much interest in the matter. You know I never do trouble myself to speak badly of anyone, but I did think it a pity you should be so deceived by Rollica."
Yes, Amy was perfectly aware that Adelaide Hamilton seldom exerted herself so much as she had done on the present occasion, so she was all the more ready to believe her words. She would not have listened to Kate for an instant, but Adelaide was different in every respect from her sister, and could have no motive in speaking ill of Rollica.
"I must be going home now, Amy. If it troubles you, forget what I have just now told you; it is of no real importance, for the girl will soon be away from Astley."

Chapter 13

ADELAIDE glanced hastily at her watch when she had quitted the grounds of The Laurels, and an anxious expression stole over her face. She hurried along without looking to the right or left, seemingly intent only on reaching home quickly.
"I am half an hour late already," she said within herself, "and he may not be able to wait for me. Father may expect him to return quickly with the papers. Oh dear, why did I remain so long talking about that girl? It was all Kate's fault wanting me to speak to Amy."
Just as she reached the gate of The Moat, she saw Mr. Wilde advancing towards her.
"I am so sorry to have kept you waiting," she cried in eager haste, while a blush rose to her face. "I was most unexpectedly and unavoidably detained."
"Do not speak of it, dear Adelaide. I lingered here just a little while on the chance of seeing you, and as I am rewarded now, I have nothing to complain of. I got the papers for which your father sent me, but as I accomplished my mission quickly I have some minutes to spare. Do you think we might venture to pass those minutes together somewhere inside your gate? It is not pleasant loitering about the public road."
"Oh yes," she replied, leading the way at once to the house. "Mother and Kate are at The Hall. Rollica has returned, but she is probably in her room, so we shall be alone. Come to the morning room, it is always deserted at this hour."
"Perhaps it would be better if we remained outside the window there, away from the servants' eyes of course, so that if Mrs. Hamilton should return unexpectedly I may seem to be leaving The Moat with those papers for which your father sent me."
Up and down before the window of the morning room they walked together for half an hour, conversing earnestly in low tones. Once they paused before the window and spoke so loudly as to attract Rollica's attention. She looked up from her book in surprise, and a slight exclamation escaped her when she saw them, but they were so engrossed with each other that they neither perceived nor heard her.
"Do not keep me waiting much longer, dearest Adelaide," James Wilde was saying in his softest tone. "It is the lady's right to name the day, I know, but it is my right to plead for an early one."
Then they passed on, leaving Rollica so amazed that her book dropped to the floor, and she stared out of the window to make sure that her eyes and ears had not been playing her a trick.
What could be the meaning of the words she had just overheard? Mr. Wilde speaking to Miss Hamilton in terms of affectionate familiarity, and begging her to name the day! Surely Adelaide was concealing her relationship with Mr. Wilde from her family. Certainly Mrs. Hamilton and Kate did not like him, and George had given him rather a bad character on the previous evening. It was very unaccountable altogether, and most extraordinary behaviour on the part of quiet, ladylike Adelaide.
Rollica was perplexed. She had heard words never intended for her ears, but that was not her fault. She had not concealed herself behind the curtain in the morning room with any ulterior motive. Ought she to tell Adelaide what had so strangely come to her knowledge? Or ought she to keep silent, and inform no one of it, even if the silence should be productive of future misery to all concerned?
But had she any right to interfere in other people's affairs? Surely Adelaide was old enough to know best what was right and wrong for her to do, and as she evidently wished to keep this interview a secret, she would not be well pleased to learn that another shared in the secret, and that other the despised Rollica.
No, she would try to forget what she had seen and heard. She would not mix herself up in the affairs of the Misses Hamilton. They would only dislike her the more for doing so, and she did want to live at peace with them until she left The Moat to become a governess.
Having come to this conclusion, she gathered up her books and went to her own room, so that if Adelaide should enter the morning room she might find it vacant.

When George Hamilton was sitting quietly with his wife that evening, Amy repeated to him some of the remarks made by his sister about Rollica.
"If it is a fact that she is going to be a governess, and that visitings and 'evenings at home,' and such mild amusements are bad for her, I suppose I ought to accede to Adelaide's request, and not ask her here," said Amy. "It would be a pity to give her false ideas of what her life will be."
She did not tell her husband anything about the lace. She felt too hurt about that to speak of it even to him, until she had thought it over more seriously. Her self-love had been wounded, and a little natural vanity had been wounded also. She was thoughtless perhaps, and through her very carelessness often unconscious of inflicting pain on others. She had not very exalted ideas of right and wrong, but she was generous and good-natured. From her father's position in Astley, she had never had any lack of friends and admirers, and therefore Rollica's motive for giving of the lace seemed to her mean and despicable. She could not understand Rollica trying to obtain the entrance to any house, and by such a method.
She had taken a liking to Rollica from the first, because her conversation pleased and astonished her, and because she was so different from the other young ladies of her acquaintance. A girl who read her Bible as if she liked to do so, and thought heaven a happy, comfortable home where her father and mother awaited her, was a novelty to Amy. Now and then, when the vicar preached an unusually earnest sermon, the richer portion of his congregation, as a rule, became affected, and determined they would give more money to the poor, spend less on fine dresses, entertainments, and wine, read their Bibles oftener, and be more constant in their attendance on church; while the poorer portion determined to work more industriously and honestly, keep out of the gin palaces, and complain less of their poverty.
To these little religious excitements Amy had been accustomed, and she had many times shared in them; but Rollica never seemed to need to be stirred up. She went on her way quietly and consistently, endeavouring to live up to her motto, Foursquare. At least, such was Amy's conviction, knowing nothing of the fierce struggles Rollica so often had, and how difficult she found it to do right, in spite of her strong Christian faith.
When Adelaide suggested that major flaw in her favourite's character, Amy was therefore very much disappointed and hurt, all the more so because she had had such a high opinion of Rollica. Like many people, she could not easily make allowances for faults in others, notwithstanding that she herself was far from perfect.
"Let poor Rollica enjoy herself while she may," replied George warmly, in answer to his wife. "They can do the 'discipline' business very well at The Moat. Don't you bother your little head by assisting in the process. Looking at her now, with unprejudiced eyes, I am inclined to disagree with your opinion of Rollica Reed. She is pretty and well-educated, and a lady by birth and manners, and she is kind-hearted besides, with plenty of common sense; so I don't see why you should shut your door against her."
"Do you think she has too much common sense? Do you ... do you believe she is cunning, and wise for her own good?"
He laughed amusedly. "Now there is no use in your trying to be ill-natured and spiteful, my dear Amy; it is not natural. You could hardly get your question out. No, I don't believe any such thing. I have not really noticed her much in any way until last night, although she has lived in the same house with me. You were the first to draw my attention seriously to her. She never could get on with the girls or my mother. My father likes her, I know. The fact of Kate's disliking her proves nothing. Young ladies, even the most charming of them, will disagree."
"Men are blind, you know, George, where women are concerned," smiled Amy, more than half inclined to take her husband's view of the subject. "You might not see serious faults where they really existed."
"Well, my dear, I have only followed your lead in this matter, so you ought to feel flattered, instead of finding fault with me," he replied, pretended reproach in his tone. "Shall I agree with Adelaide and Kate, instead of with you?"
"No indeed, your wife must be first!" she cried.
"Well, I should just be kind to Rollica as usual," said George seriously, "and ask her here as usual."
The subject dropped then, but Amy still felt a little sore about the lace. She would be ashamed to mention her doubts to anyone now, but she could not quite prevent a certain coldness from creeping into her manner towards Rollica. She found herself weighing the girl's pleasant, kindly words, and considering if she had any new motive for her little courteous deeds, for her almost affectionate attentions.

Rollica soon discovered this change in Mrs. George Hamilton, and she wondered what she had done to offend her friend, She had been so glad because Amy seemed to like her, so glad of such unhoped-for happiness as the friendship of George Hamilton's wife; but now that short-lived friendship was in danger of dying out. Who had been speaking ill of her? Who had been trying to prejudice Amy against her? Of course it must have been Kate or Adelaide, more likely the former. She had spent such a delightful evening and morning at The Laurels, and then, on her very next visit there, she remarked that subtle, unpleasant change in Amy.
If there had been any reason given for it, any charge brought against her, she could have understood better, and perhaps have been able to defend herself successfully. But no such chance was opened to her. She would be obliged to bear this new trouble in silence, and it was a sore trouble to one so lonely and friendless.
Bathsheba shortly discovered that something more than usual was wrong with her Miss Rollica. She questioned her with affectionate solicitude one morning, when the girl was sitting in the bright little kitchen, eating fruit which had grown in the wonderful back garden. Rollica evaded answering at first, not wishing to afflict Bathsheba who had not been very well.
"There is not much the matter with me," she replied lightly. "I wish you were as healthy as I am. Have you had any more of those fainting fits since I last saw you? Did that medicine do you good?"
"I am so much better," answered the charwoman gratefully. "It is only that the heat is too much for me at times. I'm always livelier in winter than in summer. They say my own mother didn't like much heat either. She had a trifle the matter with her heart, but she went off quiet and easy at the last. When people have anything wrong with the bodily heart, they appear to have long lives always, and peaceful, quick deaths. I wasn't a bit sorry when that doctor told me my heart was the least taste touched. Sure what does a faint or two signify? Lots of folks have rheumatism and asthma, and things that make their bodies downright plagues to them, while I have only a faint or two if I walk in the hot sun, and good health and spirits otherwise."
"But you had severe pain this last time," said Rollica sadly. "You must take care of yourself. I don't want to lose my only friend, even if she is required in heaven."
"Blessings on you, honey, for calling me your friend. Sure it's the very light of my eyes you've been since ever I knew you, and the delight of my lonely life. But, Miss Rollica dear, there's two sorts of heart ailments, the bodily and the spiritual, so to speak. When someone hurts you sore by unkindness or coldness, someone you care for, then a sort of dull pain comes in the heart, a pain hard enough to bear. That, I call the spiritual ailment. Now I may have the bodily ailment, but I'm afraid you've got a ... a ... new spiritual ailment. Will you tell Bathsheba what's hurting you now? You're not offended with my outspoken speech? I'm ignorant and awkward with my words, but I love you, my lamb. So forgive my bluntness, and tell me what's troubling you."

Chapter 14

ROLLICA did not at first answer Bathsheba. When asked such a plain question, she did not know how to put her trouble into words. After all, it was only a change in Amy's manner to her. She had suffered from no tangible unkindness, only she felt that she was no longer a welcome visitor at The Laurels.
"I am a little unhappy," she said, "but I can hardly define what is wrong. Mrs. George Hamilton has been very kind to me since her marriage, even kinder than when she was Miss Hudson. I was at The Laurels some time ago, and she and Mr. Hamilton made me so welcome, and were so pleasant, and I stayed all night. I have quite believed Amy to be my friend, and she asked me to call her Amy, not Mrs. Hamilton. Well, in a day or two afterwards she had changed entirely in her manner to me. She had become cold and stiff, and when I addressed her as Mrs. Hamilton, she did not ask me to say Amy. I have lost my friend, and I don't know what I have said or done to offend her."
"Were the Misses Hamilton with her before you noticed that change in her?" inquired the charwoman, who had listened in sympathetic silence to Rollica's words.
"Adelaide went to see her the day I returned to The Moat after my short visit."
"Then, depend upon it, she told Mrs. George something against you -- some invention, of course, and Mrs. George naturally believed her husband's sister. Oh, I know the ways of those young ladies well! They'd stop at nothing mean or horrid to gain their ends."
"But why should Adelaide trouble herself about me? Indeed, she never does take much notice of me in any way. I have often wished that Kate would follow her example. No, I don't think Adelaide has hurt me."
"Miss Hamilton is not so indifferent about people and things as you imagine her to be. She's a deep one, I can tell you. Remember my words, for some day, not very far off either, she'll astonish you all. Oh, Bathsheba has eyes, and ears too."
Rollica started. Could the charwoman know anything of Adelaide's friendship with Mr. Wilde? What else could she mean by her words?
"There now," cried Bathsheba, with a frown and a sigh, "I am a nice specimen, I am, Miss Rollica. They don't want uncharitable, evil-spoken people like me in the Golden City. A lovely inhabitant I'd make, to be sure! My inside badness would dirty my white robe. Oh, it is hard to be a distant follower of Christ, not to think of being foursquare at all, at all. The truth is, I have disliked the Hamilton ladies so much that it requires an amount of grace to even speak decently of them. Will I always force Christ to be ashamed of me?" she concluded despairingly.
"No indeed, Bathsheba," declared Rollica earnestly. "I think you are fighting a splendid battle. You try to make me recollect my motto. Many a time you have helped me overcome the evil within me."
The woman's eyes filled with tears, and a softened, loving expression came into her face. "My pretty lamb!" she murmured, as she suddenly lifted Rollica's hand to her lips. "All the same, I should remember the command to love my neighbour. 'Charity suffereth long, and is kind.' Mind you, the word long is used instead of months or years. It's a low, mean thing to speak ill behind people's backs, no matter how nasty they are. Say what you have to say to their faces. Even then it's best left unsaid. Least said, soonest mended, you know. Just imagine a lot of sinners sitting in judgment on each other! How the angels must smile at us all. There, I won't speak another word against the Hamiltons. But how can I help you?"
"You can't help me," replied Rollica cheerfully. "Never mind me. I will give up worrying about Mrs. George Hamilton. Things may come right again. Perhaps I will soon be able to be a governess. I am seventeen today, and in about four or five months' time I shall be old enough to have the care of children."
"Is this your birthday? 'Tisn't much of a birthday, I'm afraid. You are wise enough to have the care of children now. Do you know what I should do? Miss Amy Hudson was always a good-hearted, pleasant young lady. Go to her and ask her what is wrong. Depend on it, when clouds come between friends, the best way is to be outspoken, and the clouds will clear away. Don't you be harbouring anything against her, and don't let her be thinking ill of you without trying to explain away what is wrong. Will you take my advice, now? Do, honey. The longer you delay, the harder it'll be to explain, and the harder it'll be to accept the explanation."
"I couldn't do that," answered Rollica. "I'd rather bear my pain in silence."
"And lose a good friend by that silence. It'll be easy enough if you do it soon, before her heart gets all filled up against you, and your heart is so sore that the wound couldn't be reopened."
"I'll think it over," replied Rollica. "You are right, I believe, but it won't be easy to follow your advice. See what a lovely day it is. I must have a long walk now in the sunshine. I will go in to Astley for some skeins of silk for my work."
When she had made her little purchases in the town, and as she was passing down the main street, Rollica met Oscar Douglass.
"Fond of walking in the sunshine as usual, Miss Reed," he said laughingly, when they had greeted each other.
"Yes," she answered, smiling in turn, "but you also seem fond of the sun. You haven't even a big hat or sunshade to protect your head and face."
"I have not walked far. I drove in with my mother, and I am only loitering about here until she has finished her shopping."
"Is Mrs. Douglass here?" asked Rollica, with a pleased expression.
"Yes, and if you will wait a minute or two you will meet her. She does not generally remain long in the shops. Why have you not come to see her? You and she are old friends, I think. Why do you not visit her oftener? Is The Hall too far away for you?"
How could she tell him her real reason for not giving herself the pleasure of such a visit? She could not say that Mrs. Hamilton had almost forbidden her to accept any invitations for the future, almost forbidden her to enter the drawing room of The Moat when visitors were there.
"No, The Hall is not too far away for me," she replied lightly, "but Mrs. Douglass has you now, and my chatter would only weary her."
"Do you say that only so that I may contradict you? I did not think it of you, Miss Reed," he continued, mock reproach in his accents.
"No indeed," she answered earnestly.
"Well, here comes my mother. You must make your peace with her, for she was speaking of you only this morning."
"My dear child, I am so glad to see you!" said Mrs. Douglass in warm, almost affectionate tones. "Will you come back with us and spend the remainder of the day at The Hall? The carriage is here, of course. You will not have the tiring walk."
"Miss Reed loves meandering along roads under a hot sun," announced Oscar gravely.
"We won't let her have the pleasure just now, for I could not walk even if I would. Will you come, dear?
"It would be delightful," responded Rollica, openly showing her joy at the proposal; "but Mrs. Hamilton's permission would be necessary before I could go. She does not care for my visiting much, as I think you know."
"Oh, we will soon manage that," returned Oscar, at whom his mother looked. "You seat yourself in the carriage with mother, and I will go to The Moat and say that my mother wants you to spend the day with her, and only awaits Mrs. Hamilton's permission to drive you to The Hall. I will arrange it all right, and be back here as quickly as possible. You might do a little more shopping, mother, or make a call while you wait for me."
Before Rollica had time to object, Oscar had turned away, and was rapidly disappearing down the main street.
"Oscar must have his way, dear," smiled Mrs. Douglass. "You do not really dislike coming with us?"
"It would be lovely, but what will Mrs. Hamilton say? I am afraid she will be displeased with me."
"Why should she be displeased? We will take care of you, and send you home safely tonight. You must soon come and spend a week with me. That will be better than sending you home at night, even though you will be safely in a covered carriage."
Rollica knew that Mrs. Hamilton would be very much displeased with her, and she knew that Kate would be angry, although she could not understand why; but she determined she would enjoy herself now, and leave tomorrow to take care of itself. This was her birthday, and although no one knew it but Bathsheba, here were unexpected pleasures provided for the day after all. She was going to have a real birthday, with people who liked her and were kind to her; instead of sitting in her own room in The Moat, or wandering in lonely fashion about the grounds. She would have a game of tennis perhaps, and a walk through the shrubberies of The Hall, and a saunter through the sun-lighted fields, and even a picnic by the river. She might speak as she wished, too. She would hear only kind words, and see only kind faces. What a delightful birthday!
Mrs. Douglass watched Rollica's gradually brightening face, and she was pleased at her pleasure, and glad she had met her that day. Oscar returned in a short time, with a message of thanks to Mrs. Douglass, which he delivered faithfully, and an ungracious permission for Rollica to go to The Hall, which he did not deliver faithfully.
But Rollica had made up her mind, as she sometimes could do, to shut out all disagreeable thoughts, so she listened to Mrs. Douglass and Oscar while they talked during the drive back to The Hall, and joined in the conversation also, making remarks about the objects they passed on the road, and, when a question of fruit arose, telling Mrs. Douglass about Bathsheba's back garden which was so astonishingly productive, and about the fruit she had eaten in the charwoman's cottage that morning. She wished to excite Mrs. Douglass's interest in her humble friend, so she described everything graphically, explaining that she and Bathsheba were great friends.
"I know a little of Bathsheba," answered Mrs. Douglass in amused tones. "She is a very peculiar person, as far as I can understand, but an honest, hard-working woman. She occasionally makes strange remarks. I have heard her myself."
"She is very good and very nice," said Rollica enthusiastically. "I have spent many an hour in her kitchen. She certainly does say odd things, but that makes her all the nicer."
What an afternoon that was! The game of tennis was played with much laughing and happy talking, and Oscar rowed Rollica on the lake for an hour in the cool of the evening, and afterwards led her through the shrubberies to show her some unusual white ivy that grew in the shade where never gleam of sunshine penetrated.
There was dinner in the lone, low-ceiled dining room, a cheerful, lazy meal, where form and ceremony were so skilfully interwoven with comfort and brightness that the dinner was the more enjoyable for the observance of them. After that there was more sauntering through the grounds, but close to the open drawing room windows, so that Mrs. Douglass might join in the conversation.
Then, alas, the ideal day came to an end, and Rollica was driven home in a closed carriage, after having spent a most beautiful birthday, as she told herself.

Chapter 15

A FEW days afterwards came invitations to the Misses Hamilton and Miss Reed to a tennis party at The Hall. Kate was especially delighted when she read her little note from Mrs. Douglass, and even quiet Adelaide seemed excited, and more desirous than usual of appearing at her best. The sisters discussed their dresses together on the morning the invitations were received, and Adelaide could not for a long time decide whether she would look best in a white dress or a blue one.
"It must be something light coloured," she said to Kate. "Dark blue won't do."
"A white or grey would be better for tennis," answered Kate. "But why do you trouble yourself so much about its being light? You won't play more than one game, if you play that much. You know you generally wander about the grounds with someone, in preference to running after balls. Now, I like the game for its own sake."
"Yes, but you play it very well. I often miss balls."
"Yes, I do play it well," was the complacent reply. "So would you, Adelaide, if you took the trouble to try."
"I may play today, so I will wear that thin white cloth dress."
"I suppose that odious Rollica will appear in her cream serge. When is she going to be a governess, I wonder? It is high time she was gone from here. Just imagine her spending a whole day at The Hall by herself! It was most aggravating."
"I think I have managed Amy nicely," said Adelaide, with a smile. "Rollica has had no more invitations there. Notice today how cool Amy is to her former dear friend. It is really amusing what a slight hint, a little word can do. There is no such thing as real friendship in the world. Friends would not be separated so easily if there were."
"I am glad you have succeeded so well about that. Amy would never have listened to me. When will you ask some favour of me in return?"
She put the question carelessly, expecting no serious reply, therefore was she all the more amazed to see the red colour dye her sister's face, and to see her turn away in evident confusion.
"Oh, some time I may want your help."
"Why, Adelaide, you look as if you were keeping some secret from me. What is it? I never saw you blush so deeply before. Indeed, I don't think you have blushed more than two or three times in all your life. Do tell me if you have a secret!"
Adelaide raised her eyes, and Kate saw that there were tears in them. "Yes, I am keeping something from you, but you will soon know all about it; and when you do discover it, remember your promise. Don't ask me any more questions now, for I may not tell you yet."
Much amazed and mystified, Kate remained silent for a few minutes, watching her sister furtively, and forgetting all about Rollica in this new interest. Presently Adelaide left the room, and with an impatient movement Kate gathered up her dresses in her arms and went upstairs also.

The day of the tennis party dawned brightly, and before twelve o'clock brilliant sunshine and a faint cool breeze made glad the hearts of Mrs. Douglass's friends. About four o'clock in the afternoon the grounds of The Hall presented an animated and cheerful appearance, as the lady guests flitted about in their variously coloured dresses, and laughter and gaiety seemed to hold undisturbed dominion.
Both Kate and Rollica were in great demand amongst the gentlemen, for both were clever, determined tennis players, and while engaged in the game nothing else could interest them. Today, perhaps, Rollica was the better player, for Kate was just a little absent, much to the disgust of her partner who had made up his mind to beat Rollica and Oscar Douglass who were their opponents.
"There, that was a well earned victory," cried Oscar in triumph. "We may rest on our laurels now, I think, Miss Rollica. This is the eighth game we have won today."
"You would not have won half that number if my partner had been in her usual good form," replied Mr. Cameron, mild reproach in his glance as he looked at Kate.
She laughed. "I am so sorry that I didn't play properly. We certainly do win our share of the games. By and by we will fight them again if they will accept our challenge."
"I don't think I could play again," said Rollica. "I really am tired, I must confess it. It is warm, and I have been exercising myself so thoroughly that I am afraid I could not hit a ball if I tried."
"Wait until our next meeting, Miss Kate. We will give you your revenge then. Cameron, take Miss Hamilton to the house for some tea. I believe it is now laid in the summer parlour. Come, Miss Rollica; you promised to let me administer to your wants."
"Tea will be very refreshing," she answered.
But they did not immediately follow Kate and her partner into the house. Oscar drew Rollica away to a shady spot in the shrubbery, some distance from the tennis courts and the house, and there she found two rustic armchairs and a table. She threw herself into one of the chairs with a sigh of relief.
"I am glad I may rest and cool myself," she said, with a grateful glance at Oscar. "Though I should like a cup of tea, I don't want to walk to the house for it, so lazy am I."
"You shall have the tea," he replied, with a smile, as he also seated himself. "It is pleasant here. Poor mother will find her task none so agreeable in the summer parlour. Fortunately she has many assistants."
"Her son is not of the number."
"Oh yes, I am. I am entertaining one of her guests, and one she delights to honour. So you need not reproach me, Miss Rollica."
He then put a silver whistle to his lips, and a low, clear note echoed through the trees. A servant answered the summons, bringing with him a tray on which a dainty meal was laid. A cloth was spread on the rustic table, and after the servant's departure Oscar Douglass asked Rollica to pour out the tea.
"How nice this is!" she cried, as she complied with his request. "Tea in the open air always tastes better than in the house in summer."
"You would not care to take tea here with frost and snow on the ground?"
"Of course not. What a question! I don't like coldness of any sort, it is depressing."
"If you had no frost and cold, you would have no skating."
But Rollica had suddenly thought of Amy, not of the weather, so she did not directly answer him, as she could not speak to anyone on that subject.
"Now, Miss Rollica, I am lazy and comfortable, and if you will not have any more tea you may as well be lazy and comfortable also. So please do not think of going back to the house yet."
"This is such a lovely home," Rollica said thoughtfully, looking around at the garden.
"You like the idea of a country home?"
"I have never lived long in towns. We were once in Paris for a while. It is certainly the nicest city I have been in, but even of Paris I should tire soon."
"It is to be hoped you will always be able to make your home in a country place."
A shadow crossed her bright face. Where would her future home be? It might be in the heart of some manufacturing town where everything would be smoke-blackened, where no grass would grow, no flowers brighten the gloom, and few trees stand tall under the black sky. She would be obliged to take whatever eligible situation might be offered to her, and be thankful for a chance of earning a livelihood. When in that distant town, how often would she think of this day, spent under a blue sky, with friends who were pleased to have her in their home. Once again it occurred to her that Mrs. Hamilton and Kate might be right; it was not wise to give herself glimpses of a life which she in all probability would never live.
"Rollica, I do believe you look unhappy. Could you tell me what has brought such a cloud to your face, little friend? I don't like to see such a change, especially when we are all having a holiday."
"Oh, it is nothing very important," she replied evasively, while a smile broke up the gravity. 
"But you know friends should tell each other everything; and you and I are friends, are we not?" and he held out his hand to her.
She looked at him for a moment, and then she said gravely, "If you wish it."
"Nay, it is as you wish."
She placed her hand in his. "Very well. I will be glad to have such a friend."
"Then it is a solemn compact," he returned seriously, while he raised her hand to his lips for a moment. "And my mother is your friend also."
"She has been so nice to me from the first moment I saw her," replied Rollica gratefully.
"She told me about your motto. Don't you find it very difficult to make your life foursquare?"
"Yes, oh yes; but it ought to be foursquare. It is not enough to abstain from great crimes. We ought to avoid all uncharitableness, bad temper, and the little badnesses we indulge in without thinking they are badnesses, as Mr. Hamilton once said."
"Your ancestor erected a very high standard of Christian perfection; I wonder if many of his descendants lived up to it."
"One -- a woman -- certainly did. There is a beautiful story of her meekness and charity, and of how sweetly she bore blame and insult most unmerited."
"Ah! Did she triumph over her enemies in the end?"
"Yes, they grew to love her. I often think of her. Why don't we all love one another, Mr. Douglass?"
"What a difficult question. Many trifling things prevent universal loving-kindness. Envy and malice and idle gossip often separate friends and set people fighting. But here comes my mother."
"Where have you been hiding yourselves?" queried Mrs. Douglass smilingly, as she emerged into the  little glade from the shadow of the trees. "You have both been missed."
"We have been here all the while taking our tea, as you have been doing, only in a different fashion," replied Oscar, returning her smile as he rose from his chair and placed her in it. "There, mother mine, rest for a few minutes after your long walk in the heat."
"Are you enjoying yourself, Rollica dear? I wonder no one discovered your tea room."
"I am enjoying myself so much!" answered the girl warmly. "It is so pretty here, and fruit and tea taste so deliciously in the open air."
"That is right. I suppose this spot is too far away from the tennis courts and from the house to tempt people. It is a favourite resort of Oscar's."
"Yes, and scarcely anyone knows of its existence. We don't take visitors so far from the hothouses and the tennis courts."
"You have taken me," said Rollica.
"I have taken you ... yes."
"Well, now, some of our guests have returned for a last game of tennis, and some have gone to the music room to hear music and reading. I want you both to come to the house and recite or sing for me. I think you have been lazy long enough."
Rollica rose at once, and Oscar offered his arm to his mother.
"We were so tired after our energetic tennis that we did want to rest a little. Please forgive our seeming selfishness," spoke Rollica earnestly. "Mr. Douglass ought to have been in the house helping you, instead of entertaining me."
"You were not in the least selfish," declared Mrs. Douglass, stooping to kiss Rollica's serious face. "I did not want either of you until now, so do not think it for a moment. You are my guest also, and if you have been pleasantly occupied, I can desire no more. Do I not hear voices near by? Someone has discovered your glade, Oscar."
The sound as of low talking fell upon their ears, and presently Adelaide Hamilton and Mr. Wilde came out from the thick shrubbery into the sheltered open space. Rollica started violently, and a shadow crossed her face.
"You are taking quite a long walk this warm evening," said Mrs. Douglass, as the newcomers stopped suddenly at sight of her and her companions. "Have you had tea, Miss Hamilton? I don't think I saw you in the tea room."
"Oh yes, thank you," replied Adelaide confusedly.
"We have not been playing tennis much," remarked James Wilde in his suave, insinuating accents, "so a long stroll is agreeable rather than otherwise. I am not a good tennis player. I quite envied your expertness, Mr. Douglass, and as to Miss Reed, her energy is simply wonderful, considering she is a young lady."
Rollica could not make any laughing reply. She felt far too troubled for that.
"We are going to the music room where we hope to have singing and recitations," said Mrs. Douglass as she prepared to move on. "Perhaps you will like to come presently."
"Yes, we will follow you," answered Adelaide, who had recovered her composure to a degree. "I am very fond of singing."
"Will you favour us with a song or two, Mr. Wilde? We always appreciate your singing."
"Thank you, Mrs. Douglass, for thinking so kindly of my poor, insignificant vocal efforts. I will be very happy to do what I can."
Then Mrs. Douglass, Rollica, and Oscar passed on towards the house, leaving the other two to follow when they wished to do so.
Oscar had noted the cloud on Rollica's face, and wondered what had brought it there. All the brightness seemed to have gone from her, and a gravity, a sort of perplexed gravity, had taken its place. What was there discomposing in the appearance of Miss Hamilton and her escort? It was nothing unusual for a young lady at a tennis party to wander about the grounds with some gentleman. No doubt many of the lady guests were doing so now. Rollica herself had done so. Mr. Wilde was a respectable, agreeable sort of person, unexceptional as an escort. What could be the matter, then?
When the music room was reached, Kate Hamilton met them with a reproachful glance and reproachful words.
"I have been deserted," she said plaintively. "I have not seen any of my own friends for a long time past. Mr. Douglass, you promised to recite for me, but I have waited in vain for the fulfilment of that promise."
"I will keep it now," he replied brightly. "I will do my share in contributing to the general amusement. Miss Rollica, you will sing for us, won't you?"
"I sing very little," Rollica answered, still evidently oppressed by some uncomfortable thought; "but I will try to please Mrs. Douglass and you," she concluded simply.
"The conceited little monkey!" thought Kate. "I wonder what has made her so serious. She is generally all smirks and giggles. Please Oscar Douglass? No indeed, if I can prevent such an undesirable event!"
"Will you sing now, Rollica dear?"
"Yes, Mrs. Douglass."
At that moment Amy and her husband joined the little group.
"I am glad you are here, Mrs. Hamilton, for Rollica is going to sing to us. You will, I know, be pleased to hear her."
Amy made some ungracious, almost unintelligible reply, much to her hostess's astonishment, who had heard from Oscar of the young wife's friendship for Rollica. George Hamilton and Oscar Douglass were also astonished, but Kate was inwardly much delighted.
"My wife and I will be charmed to hear Miss Rollica to such advantage as in this fine room," spoke George hastily, wondering what had come over his good-tempered, good-natured Amy.
Rollica had turned away with a distressed blush when she heard Amy's attempted reply. How had she offended her former friend? She must have done something very wrong, or Amy would not have so publicly shown her displeasure.
"Perhaps I had better recite now, Miss Rollica," said Oscar gently. "You will want a few minutes' rest after that long walk."
She thanked him gratefully, for she did want a few minutes to recover from the pain that had just been inflicted on her.
Oscar gave Mrs. Hemans's "Traveller at the Source of the Nile," in accents so musical and clear that all conversation ceased at once, and all turned to listen.
When Oscar had finished the poem, thanks and praises resounded on all sides, and Kate Hamilton, near whom he found himself, said archly, "I hope you don't intend to wander away again in search of happiness."
"I don't think my sole reason for travelling has been to search for happiness," he replied smilingly. "But in all probability I shall remain at home now for a long time to come. It is true sometimes that happiness comes to our very door, and we are blind."
"Have you been so blinded?" Kate asked, somewhat eagerly.
"Nay, that is too serious a question for a tennis party."
"That means that you don't care to answer truly. Well, I ought not to expect an answer to it just yet. You are not long enough at home, perhaps. I am candid and outspoken myself, to a fault, but I must not expect others to be so. To change the subject, I hope Rollica will have the good taste to abstain from singing here. She is ashamed to look Amy Hamilton in the face, I am glad to see. Of course your mother knows nothing of Rollica's real character, or she would not take such notice of her. Did you remark how pained Amy was to be unable to speak kindly and say she would be pleased to hear Rollica sing? Your mother unknowingly put poor Amy in a very uncomfortable position."
"I did remark that Mrs. George Hamilton's usual good-nature and kindness seemed suddenly to have deserted her," he said gravely; "and I could not at all account for it."
"It is easily accounted for," answered Kate quickly. "Rollica has been giving Amy presents, and been flattering her in order to get invitations to her house. Amy has found out her meanness, that is all."
 "I cannot imagine Miss Reed acting in such a manner," said Oscar coldly. "And I ought not to listen to anything that appears derogatory to the character of a guest of my mother's. Allow me to follow your example and change the subject. Ah, Miss Reed will sing."
"You are not offended with me?" asked Kate anxiously. "I only told you the truth about Rollica. It would not do me any service to malign her."
"Of course I am not offended, Miss Kate. I am sure there is some mistake about the matter, which will soon be cleared up."
"Ah, you know nothing about the cleverness of girls brought up in France. They are smooth-tongued and cunning. But hush, there is the piano."
At that moment young Cameron joined Kate, and Oscar moved away.
Rollica sang a little poem which she had once read and copied, and to which she had set a plaintive, simple melody, and a slow accompaniment in the minor key. She had set the music to the words only for her own pleasure. It was not printed, so no one amongst the guests assembled in the room knew anything of the song, the beauty and pathos of which brought tears to the eyes of many of them.

"The sweet sad years; the sun, the rain,
Alas! too quickly did they wane,
For each some boon, some blessing bore;
Of smiles and tears each had its store,
Its chequered lot of bliss and pain.

Although it idle be and vain,
Yet cannot I the wish restrain
That I had held them evermore,
The sweet sad years!

Like echo of an old refrain
That long within the mind has lain,
I keep repeating o'er and o'er,
Nothing can e'er the past restore,
Nothing bring back the years again,
The sweet sad years!"

"Thank you, dear child," murmured Mrs. Douglass affectionately. "Your voice is as sweet as your song. I would like another, but I suppose I must not ask for it just now. When you come to spend a week with me, I shall hope to hear all your favourites."
Kate drew near them. "It is time to go home, Rollica. Amy and George have offered to go with us. Did you see Adelaide? I have scarcely spoken to her all day."
"I saw her before we came in. She was on the other side of the shrubbery. Mr. Wilde was with her. She said she was coming to the house directly, and Mr. Wilde promised to sing for Mrs. Douglass."
"Well, she's not here, and it's time we were off; Amy and George cannot wait long."
"Shall I send someone to look for your sister, since you must go?" asked Mrs. Douglass.
"If you would be so good," replied Kate. "If you could send a couple of servants different ways, it would save time. I will ask Amy to wait half an hour."
Mrs. Douglass did as Kate wished, and then received the farewells of her guests. Rollica was longing to go home by herself. No harm would befall her. It was a bright summer's night, and nothing could startle her on the road as long as she had light to see. How could she walk with Amy and Kate? George might perhaps speak to her, if not too much engrossed with his wife, but Amy and Kate would treat her as if she were a criminal, or she felt that they would do so.
The servants returned after nearly an hour's fruitless search for Miss Hamilton. "We cannot wait any longer," declared Amy. "Very likely Adelaide is sitting calmly at home."
"Very likely she is," said Mrs. Douglass. "There is no need to be uneasy about your sister, Miss Kate. Mr. Wilde was with her when I last saw her, and as long as she has a gentleman with her, she is safe enough."
"A gentleman!" repeated Kate contemptuously when she was outside The Hall. "A nice gentleman James Wilde is!"
"What has poor Mr. Wilde done to offend you?" asked Amy laughingly. "You always abuse him when you have an opportunity of doing so."
"He has done nothing as yet to offend me. He knows better than to bestow any of his objectionable attentions on me."

Chapter 16

WHEN Kate and Rollica arrived at The Moat, the latter was about to go to her own room as usual, when the drawing room door was opened and Mr. Hamilton said in a low, stern voice, "Come here. I have something to say to you both. Is George with you?"
"No, he and Amy left us at the turning of the road."
"Well, I cannot control his actions in any way. He no longer belongs to my household, but I will be obeyed by those living under my roof."
Rollica looked at Mr. Hamilton in amazement at his angry words, scarcely believing that she heard aright, while Kate was too surprised to say a word. Mrs. Hamilton was sitting near a table, her face buried in her hands.
 "Your sister Adelaide has married my clerk, James Wilde. She did not ask my consent to such a marriage, knowing I would not give it, so she went with him to Milwall some days ago, where the ceremony was performed by special licence. It seems that Wilde has friends in Milwall."
Kate uttered a half-suppressed shriek and sank into a chair, but Rollica felt as if she were gradually turning into stone.
"Of course the man will never enter my office again, and I will never hold any conversation whatever with him or his wife. Adelaide is a wicked, undutiful daughter. Weeks ago I heard a faint rumour that coupled her name and my clerk's together, and I warned her to receive no attentions from such a man, a gambler and almost a drunkard. She promised me that she would cease even to speak to him, declaring at the same time that the rumour was false, as rumours usually are. I believed the word of my own child, and gave the matter no more thought. The result is that Adelaide has shown herself to be a liar, and capable of deceiving us all. Now attend to me. I forbid any member of my household, from its mistress down, to hold any communication whatever with Mr. and Mrs. James Wilde. If Adelaide is dying of starvation, you are not to assist her. If she writes to any of you, or tries to beg from you, you are to put her letter unread into the fire, and turn a deaf ear to her words. Do you understand me? No communication whatever, under any circumstances!"
"Yes, father, we do understand you, and there is no fear of our disobeying you," replied Kate in accents almost as stern as his own. "She is a mean, disgraceful girl!" she went on more furiously. "How shall I ever be able to hold up my head again? Mrs. Douglass will never ask us to any more of her 'At homes,' or tennis parties."
Mr. Hamilton left the room before Kate had finished speaking, not noticing that Rollica had kept silence all the while. When the door had closed behind him, Kate turned with angry eagerness to her mother.
"I was afraid to ask father any questions, he looked so awful. Do you know anything more about this horrible thing, mother?"
Mrs. Hamilton raised a white, tear-stained face, and replied with trembling lips, "I know very little more than you have just heard. James Wilde wrote the note to your father. It seems that they left The Hall earlier than the other guests, and went straight to their new home, a little house in Milwall. A boy brought your father the note, which was certainly written with a view to conciliate him, and make him forgive Adelaide for acting contrary to his wishes. Wilde evidently believes that the only objection there can be to him as a son-in-law is his small income. He is of opinion that he is Adelaide's equal in every other respect, and that as your father is a rich man, Adelaide's fortune will overcome that difficulty. He also hints that if his income as a clerk were increased, and hope of a future partnership held out to him, he would prove himself a good and devoted husband, and a credit to the family into which he has entered. He concludes by hoping that your father and I will speedily send them an invitation to come here, and forgive them for being fond of one another. There was a postscript from Adelaide herself, saying that she was very happy now that all concealment was over, and begging us to end her anxious suspense by allowing her and James to come and plead their own cause."
"I never heard of such wicked impudence!" cried Kate, scarcely able to speak coherently in her fury. "I warned Adelaide about that man long ago. He used to be always flattering her and following her about, and she would listen to him with more complaisance than I liked, or could understand; but I never thought for a moment that she seriously dreamed of marrying such a creature."
"Adelaide was always so ladylike and refined," murmured Mrs. Hamilton plaintively. "She never troubled herself about admiration or amusements as you did. She seemed to me to be nearly perfect in manners and face. Not a trace of vulgarity about her. Yet she could stoop to such a low marriage."
"Yes, mother," replied Kate bitterly, "you always did hold her up to me as a pattern to be imitated. You thought her repose of manner so perfect that I would do well to be like her. Which is the true lady now? Which is the good daughter now? Not Adelaide certainly."
Mrs. Hamilton was silent. She was too broken in spirit to reprove Kate for her disrespectful speech, as she would have done at any other time. Indeed, Kate would not have dared to address her mother in such fashion in her calmer moments.
"Oh, why did you ever ask the man to your house, mother? Everyone in the neighbourhood seemed to combine to give them opportunities of meeting each other. Even Mrs. Douglass invited him."
"He sang so well, and had such gentlemanly manners, that he was an acquisition at any 'At home,' or 'evening.' It is not often that a young man takes such trouble to please and assist his hostess as James Wilde did. He never considered his own pleasure or comfort."
"Yet he was considering it all the time. Oh, he was a clever man! But now he has overreached himself. I don't suppose any door in Astley will be open to him after father's decision has become known."
"Why did you not tell me that he was paying such attention to Adelaide? I always had influence over her. She might have listened to me."
"You may well say might," replied Kate sneeringly. "She would not have listened to you or anyone else once she had made up her mind. She really cared for no one but herself, she told me so. Oh dear, Mrs. Douglass will never ask me to The Hall again. I would not wonder if she refused to know us after this."
"Nonsense, child!" returned Mrs. Hamilton sharply. "Adelaide is no longer your sister, no longer my daughter, so there is no disgrace. Tell everyone that when the subject is first mentioned to you, and then let it end. The disgrace will soon die out. Why are you sitting here, Rollica, listening to all this? Since you have heard, let it be a warning to you, and be careful how you disobey and disgrace those placed in authority over you. What is the matter with you? I am sure it is not horror alone that has made your face so white. Have you had anything to do with this dreadful catastrophe?"
But Rollica seemed unable to speak, her lips refused to move at her wish.
Kate turned quickly and looked at her. "I believe she knows all about it," she cried. "Just see her guilty face, mother!"
"Did you help Adelaide to marry this man?" asked Mrs. Hamilton sternly. It was a sort of relief to have someone on whom blame could be cast. "Speak, girl, if your wickedness has not turned you dumb."
"No indeed, I did not help her to marry him," said Rollica at last, with a shudder.
"That is an evasive reply," went on Kate still more excitedly. "Make her speak plainly. I am sure by her guilty look that she knew all about it. Just what I would expect of her. Mother, make her speak."
"Did you know anything of this? No evasions will serve you now. I believe with Kate that you were aware of it long ago."
Again Rollica refused to utter a word. How could she answer? She certainly had overheard Adelaide and Mr. Wilde that day she was in the morning room, but they had had no idea she had been listening to them. How troubled she had been after that, and how undecided as to whether she ought to divulge what had never been intended for her ears. If she had told Adelaide, would the marriage have been prevented? Nay, did not Kate say, and with truth, that Adelaide always accomplished anything she had decided upon.
"Why are you silent, Rollica? You must answer me. I am now certain that you are as bad as Adelaide. Come with me to Mr. Hamilton's study. He will make you speak. Come at once. No, you had better remain here, Kate. Your father may listen to me, but he is in no humour for talking."
Kate reluctantly admitted the truth of this last, while Rollica slowly followed Mrs. Hamilton from the room.
"I have brought you a wicked girl, who has known all about this misery, and no doubt aided and encouraged our wretched daughter."
Mr. Hamilton raised his head quickly from the letter he was writing. "Rollica," he exclaimed in surprise.
"Yes, Rollica. I cannot force her to confess it all, but you will make her speak, and then send her away. We must not have our remaining daughter contaminated."
"How is this, Rollica? Did you know that the unfortunate girl contemplated marrying my disreputable clerk?"
Mr. Hamilton spoke sternly, but Rollica believed that he was a just man, and he had always been kind to her, so she answered him at once, though with a sinking heart. Had she indeed repaid his kindness to her by unkindness, by concealing from him what she knew of this miserable affair?
"One day I was sitting in the morning room by the window  curtain," she said, "when Adelaide and Mr. Wilde came up to the window on the outside. They had been walking up and down, I suppose, for after they moved on again I looked out and saw them."
"Well?" questioned Mr. Hamilton impatiently.
"Mr. Wilde asked Adelaide to name the day," went on the girl tremblingly; "and spoke as if he and Adelaide were fond of each other, and understood each other."
"Why did you not tell this to Mrs. Hamilton or to me?"
"Because I had not heard it properly. They did not know anyone was listening to them. I felt it would be despicable to repeat anything heard in such a fashion; and yet I thought sometimes that I ought to tell Adelaide or you."
"It was not an occasion for such nice feeling. You might have saved us all much misery had you told me."
 "I am very sorry if I was wrong to keep silent. Indeed ... indeed I did not know what to do. I was so troubled about it!" she said earnestly, while tears flowed down her cheeks.
"I believe you, child," he answered in a somewhat kinder tone. "I don't know that I could have stopped it when it had gone on so long, even if I had heard of it sooner. Adelaide would have replied to me dutifully, and she and James Wilde would have been married all the same. She was a quietly self-willed girl, and he a clever, cunning man. There, let the subject drop in the house. Mention it no more before me, and talk as little as you can of it amongst yourselves. I need not tell you to keep silence outside your own home."
He returned to his letter, and Mrs. Hamilton, bitterly disappointed at the result of the interview made a sign to Rollica to follow her from the room. But the girl hesitated a moment, and said timidly, "Are you angry with me, Mr. Hamilton? I am very sorry I acted wrongly. Please forgive me."
"I am not sure that you acted wrongly," he answered gently. "There is nothing to forgive. You have had nothing to do with all this. I could not be angry with your father's daughter."
Then Rollica went up to her own room, a feeling of relief taking the place of that foreboding of coming evil which had overpowered her since her visit to The Laurels. The catastrophe, if Adelaide's marriage might be so named, had been a dreadful one for the family, and she was heartily sorry for Mr. Hamilton, and for Adelaide herself; but no miserable secret weighed down her spirits now, and she hoped with the sanguine temperament of youth that all might yet turn out better than the general gloomy anticipations. That Adelaide's father, mother, and sister would very long retain their angry resentment against their daughter, she could not believe.

Chapter17

MISS HAMILTON'S marriage afforded food for conversation in Astley for a month after it took place, but it was never mentioned in the presence of any member of the family after the first week. When some friends endeavoured to sympathize with Mr. Hamilton, he briefly told them he had no longer a daughter named Adelaide. Mrs. Hamilton and Kate were equally unapproachable when the subject was cautiously introduced.
It was the general opinion that Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton's attitude towards their daughter was what was to be expected, and was not in the least blameworthy. Adelaide was an attractive, well-educated girl, much admired in Astley, and the pride of her mother's heart. She ought to have married a man who was at least respectable, and she ought to have had a proper wedding.
Society was shocked that one of its number should behave so disgracefully, but although the Hamiltons were prominent people in the neighbourhood, the whole affair ceased very soon to be the general topic of conversation, and Kate was able to visit her friends in comfort, without fear that anything that could hurt her pride would be uttered in her hearing.
George Hamilton and his wife were grieved and afflicted, as well as greatly astonished, when Kate told them what Adelaide had done.
"How could he marry a clerk with about seventy pounds a year!" cried Amy in dismay. "His income will scarcely keep her clothed, and then what is there left to buy food, and to pay rent and servants?"
"My dear Amy," answered Kate bitterly, "Mrs. James Wilde won't keep any servants, and it is likely she will not have a new dress during her married life. She had the foresight to take all her dresses with her, and all her jewellery. She sent the boxes away one day when mother and I were out visiting, and thought she was in bed with a headache. Oh, she was a cunning lady! She and her James will live on his songs, no doubt. She was very fond of his singing, you know."
"He will drink and gamble away any jewellery she has," said George contemptuously. "Think of a sister of mine behaving so disreputably!"
"She is no longer a sister of yours," spoke Kate coldly.
"Not now, certainly," replied George decidedly.
"What a mercy it was they didn't settle in Astley," said Amy.
"I don't think Adelaide, bad as she is, would agree to that. She would prefer to keep her poverty a secret. Of course she does not contemplate poverty at present. Her James makes her flattering speeches, and she is happy, But don't let us talk anymore about her; the whole thing makes me mad. I have not spoken of it to anyone but mother and yourselves, and now we will make an end of it for ever. Of course Rollica knew of it all along; she overheard Mr. Wilde lovingly begging Adelaide to name the day."
 "You don't say so seriously?"
"But I do. She confessed it to father. Why are you astonished? She was always cunning and mean."
"Come now, Kate, not quite so fast," said George. "But what a pity she did not tell father then. Perhaps he could have made Adelaide listen to reason."
"Why didn't she speak?" asked Amy, with curiosity.
"Oh, she made the excuse that she had been unintentionally eavesdropping, that they had no idea anyone was listening to them, or they would not have spoken so openly. She thought it would be a disgraceful act, if you please, to repeat a conversation thus heard."
"Just like her," exclaimed Amy. "She was always a conscientious person."
"At the same time, it might have been better for us all if she had repeated that particular conversation," said George, with a kind smile for his wife.
"It might have been better had she done so, but I knew she was not dirty or mean. I knew I could not be so mistaken."
"You are so foolishly good-natured," spoke Kate almost sneeringly. "Rollica is mean. She has been nothing but an annoyance ever since she came to The Moat, and when she could have saved us all from disgrace, she would not."
"You are prejudiced against her," said George calmly. "You always disliked her, so you can be no judge of her character. How does mother bear this blow?"
"Badly. She looks very ill, Adelaide was her favourite child. She was so quiet and ladylike, so dutiful and gentle, so unlike me. Time has shown which is the better daughter."
When Kate went away, Amy turned with a relieved, yet half-ashamed face to her husband.
"I am so glad I can think well of Rollica again. Indeed, I ought never to have believed anything that was told me against her, but I was foolish."
"What was wrong the other day at The Hall?" questioned George, with a half smile. "I wondered why you were so ungracious, and meant to have asked you about it."
"It was Adelaide. She took a great deal of trouble to persuade me that I ought not to invite Rollica here. She said it was bad for her, and besides, she was a cunning young person, and more of that sort of talk. I listened, like a goose, and even believed part of what I heard, and that made me ungracious to the poor girl. Well, I'll reform now."
George laughed. "Be your own kind-hearted self, and judge for yourself always. I am not particularly fond of Rollica Reed, but Kate talks a great deal of nonsense about her."
"You liked her when she was here."
"Oh yes, but I am not enthusiastic by nature."
"I'll ask her here again," declared Mrs. George. "But I will feel awkward about it, after slighting her as I have done recently. I'll just talk to her as usual, and by degrees return to my old manner with her."
"Just so. I should make no fuss over it."

<><><><>

 Bathsheba went about her work silently and gravely in The Moat, but she too shared in the feeling of amazement general just then in and about Astley, though perhaps not in such a great degree. She had seen Miss Hamilton and Mr. Wilde much together, she had heard remarks about the familiarity, and she had drawn her own conclusions but maintained a discreet silence. Now that all tongues were busy with the "Hamilton scandal," she still kept her opinion to herself, being indeed heartily sorry for Mr. Hamilton, for whom she had a thorough respect and liking.
"There, Miss Rollica dear," she said one day, "I've held my tongue for more than a month, but now that you've come to see me I may speak to you about Miss Hamilton's strange marriage. There's no one else I'd say a word to about it, but you're as little of a gossip as I am myself. They do say that all women are gossips. It must have been a man that first made the ignorant remark, for women know their sex a bit better than that. Here's two of us can keep quiet tongues if need be. Forgive me for naming you along with myself."
Rollica laughed, a happy, amused laugh. "I am a woman, and you have paid me a compliment by coupling my name with yours, for certainly you are no mischief-maker or gossip."
Bathsheba shook her head. "You spoil me, my lamb. In your eyes everything I say and do is right, no matter how familiar I seem to be sometimes. But you know I don't mean to be too familiar or to be disrespectful."
"Don't talk so!" cried Rollica.
"Well, I won't. You look better today, brighter and happier somehow. It did me good to hear you laugh so heartily."
"Yes, I think I am a little happier today. When I was in Astley this morning, I met Mrs. George Hamilton, and she nodded and smiled just as she used to do, and quite as if she had forgotten that I had displeased her in some mysterious fashion. I was so glad. I will return that book she lent me. I won't be so afraid to go to The Laurels now, and perhaps she will tell me what I did to offend her."
"I am right glad for your sake that Mrs. George has seen how unjust she has been. I am more convinced than ever that Miss Hamilton -- Mrs. Wilde, I mean -- had something to do with that. But there, poor soul, I needn't speak ill of her. She has cut a rod to beat herself. She'll suffer now for all her coldness and selfishness, or I'm very much mistaken. I'm sorry for Mr. Hamilton, I am so, but Mrs. Hamilton brought up her daughters badly, and she's only reaping what she has sowed. They say she's very poorly looking, and that she suffered more than Miss Kate or Mr. George; but she always spoiled Miss Adelaide, and gave her her own way in everything. I never met a more conceited, coldly selfish lot of young people anywhere than those Hamiltons."
"George is very nice," suggested Rollica, a little timidly. "Poor Adelaide won't be very happy, I'm afraid; and she was not unkind or selfish, only she liked her own way."
Bathsheba stared for an instant, and then she cried impulsively, "Bless your dear heart! You would make excuses for the wickedest sinner that ever breathed. Miss Adelaide wasn't good to you, I know quite well, and yet here you are meekly hinting that she wasn't bad. Oh, my dear, how mean I am beside you. The old Adam gets the better of me when I'm off my guard. Dearie me, it's hard to be always watching to keep down evil-speaking and all uncharitableness. I'm trying to put down drunkenness in this neighbourhood, and I'm succeeding amongst the women certainly; but what's the good of it if I can't be foursquare? Evil speaking won't let me be foursquare. Now then, I'll make another big effort, and see if I don't succeed."

On the evening of that day, Kate received a letter from her sister, a long, pleasant letter, in which she spoke of her great happiness united to James Wilde.
"But, my dear Kate," she wrote, "I cannot be quite happy until we are forgiven by our father and mother. Dear James has obtained a post in a solicitor's office here, but he says the clerks are not congenial companions, and he misses the refined, appreciative society of Astley. Why did not father answer his nice letter? Why don't some of you come to see me? I have been married more than a month now, and none of my relations or former friends have taken any notice of us. Of course I suppose you are all disgusted because I have cheated you out of a wedding breakfast, but when father makes over to me my fortune I will give a fine 'house-warming' in some elegant home near Astley. Tell them this in Astley, it will cheer them.
"I wish father would relent towards us soon, for James has a very small income, and my fortune would make us comfortable. After all, what has our offence been? We married without the consent and knowledge of my family. James is fit to be the husband of any lady. True, he is poor, but that fault can easily be rectified. I want you to explain all this to father, and ask him to write to James and offer him a good clerkship, with prospect of a junior partnership. He is father's son now.
"Remember you promised to do for me whatever I asked in return for my talk with Amy about Rollica. You know how successful I was. Do you be equally successful in the performance of your promise. I cannot live without some more money, so hurry and write me word that you have arranged everything for me, and that we may come home. I cannot wait much longer. If I do not hear soon, I will come home myself and plead our cause."
Kate tore the letter up and burned the bits; then she wrote on a sheet of notepaper, "You and your husband are an impudent, shameless pair! If you come here the servants have orders to turn you out."
This she enclosed in an envelope and posted to Mrs. Wilde, saying within herself, while a triumphant smile curved her lips, "Keep my promise indeed! This will explain the true state of feeling here to my former sister and her low husband."

Chapter 18

THE summer passed away. Months had now elapsed since that memorable tennis party at The Hall, and the smooth courts were strewn with many-tinted leaves, and the brightest of the summer flowers were faded. Here and there in sheltered spots, roses still bloomed in the open air, and the beds were not empty, for the gardener, under the direction of his master or mistress, always managed to have a succession of flowers during ten months of the year. In January and February the beds were empty, but then the hothouses were full.
Kate and Rollica had spent a week with Mrs. Douglass, and although Kate had contrived to monopolize most of Oscar's attention, Rollica had enjoyed her visit and had grown more attached to Mrs. Douglass whose almost constant companion she had been during the seven days. Miss Hamilton had, as usual, objected to Rollica's accepting the invitation, but Mrs. Douglass had herself driven to The Moat and made such a point of it that Mrs. Hamilton did not care to offend so influential a neighbour by a refusal.
No one ever mentioned Mrs. Wilde's name now. The Douglasses had never done so except to each other, hearing that Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton wished their friends to forget that they ever had a daughter named Adelaide.
"I don't know how Mrs. Hamilton can put her child so completely out of her life," said Mrs. Douglass one day to her son. "Adelaide's behaviour was bad, but a mother can forgive anything."
Oscar smiled. "You might forgive," he answered softly; "but Mrs. Hamilton was very proud, and Mrs. Wilde trampled that pride in the dust. Poor Mrs. Hamilton, she has never looked well since that unhappy affair. Kate does not seem to care in the least. She is as cheerful and conversational as ever, and a much more agreeable companion than formerly. She is more gentle than she used to be. Don't you think so, mother?"
"I have not had much opportunity of judging. I saw very little of her when she and Rollica stayed with us. She was your companion."
"Yes, she and I got on very well together. She appears to be fond of flowers, but not of poetry."
"She is not fond of any sort of books," replied Mrs. Douglass decidedly. "I cannot imagine her being such an entertaining companion as Rollica. That child has read everything, it seems to me, and she talks in such an interesting fashion of what she has read. She evidently goes through life with her eyes open. She amuses me with her accounts of the places she has seen and the people she has met, and she always speaks well of everyone."
"Wonderful young lady!" answered Oscar, with a deeper smile. "She is a rarity if she refrains from speaking ill of her neighbour."
"You may laugh at me," said his mother in a slightly offended tone, "but I am not exaggerating in the least."
Oscar laughed softly. "Nay, mother dear, I don't mean to offend you by my smile."
"Of course she has her faults," went on Mrs. Douglass in a mollified tone, "but she is trying to overcome them. She knows she has faults, she knows she is not perfect, so she is sure to overcome her little weaknesses in the end. People so seldom are convinced that they themselves have faults, but discern so plainly the failings of others."
"When are you going to invite Miss Rollica here again?"
"Some day soon. Mrs. Hamilton makes such a difficulty of allowing her to come that I dislike going to The Moat with the invitation, but if I simply write it, it is sure to be declined for her. Your friend Kate might persuade her mother to allow Rollica a little more liberty, but she does not seem to care for Rollica."
"No, I don't think she does care for Miss Rollica," replied Oscar slowly, remembering the day of the tennis party. "I have remarked that young ladies living in the same house often disagree."
"They ought not to do so," returned Mrs. Douglass. "Now that Kate has lost her sister, she ought to be all the more glad of Rollica's presence in the house."

In due time the written invitation from The Hall was sent to Rollica. The girl showed it to Mrs. Hamilton at breakfast, after she had read it herself. That lady put it into her pocket without comment, intending to wait until her husband had left the table before giving a decided refusal.
"May I go today?" asked Rollica, perceiving and understanding Mrs. Hamilton's intention, and naturally desiring to frustrate it.
She did want to spend another week at The Hall, and she had learned at last that when Mr. Hamilton's back was turned a refusal was always sent, but that should he be present when an invitation came for her it was not so easy to refuse. Mrs. Douglass was liked and respected by Mr. Hamilton, and he could not understand why one or both girls should not accept her invitations if she troubled herself to send them.
His wife was aware of this latter, so she always postponed any discussion of the subject until he had gone to his office. Now she frowned at Rollica, and said coldly, "We will speak of this after breakfast."
"Mrs. Douglass writes that the man will call for an answer in an hour's time," persisted Rollica gently.
"You forward creature! Hold your tongue, and don't worry father with your petty affairs," whispered Kate wrathfully, while Mrs. Hamilton made no answer at all.
"What is that about Mrs. Douglass?" asked Mr. Hamilton, raising his head from his newspaper.
"Oh, nothing that would interest you; only a note to Rollica," replied Mrs. Hamilton carelessly.
"Does Mrs. Douglass write you notes?" he inquired in kindly tones, glancing across at Rollica.
Mrs. Hamilton tried to catch the girl's eye, but she avoided looking at that lady, and answered quickly, "She sometimes invites me to spend a week with her. The note this morning is to ask me to go to The Hall today and remain a week. A messenger will call for an answer in an hour."
"Of course you will go. The Hall is a charming place, and Mrs. Douglass and Oscar are worth knowing. You have not so many engagements that you can afford to refuse such an invitation as this."
"I don't want to refuse it," the girl responded, with brightening eyes. "If Mrs. Hamilton has no objection, I would like to go this afternoon."
"Certainly she has no objection. It is time you decided such trivial matters for yourself. You are too old to expect her to watch over you as if you were a child. It is right to ask her if she has any objection, it is only polite."
"But I have an objection sometimes," spoke Mrs. Hamilton a little sharply. "I have something I wish Rollica to do for me."
"My dear, I wish you to please Mrs. Douglass, if at all possible. Let Rollica do what you want done when she returns from The Hall. You can never have anything urgent enough to keep her at home."
When Mr. Hamilton left the breakfast table, Kate's anger burst forth unrestrainedly. "I wish Amy could have been a witness to your cunning manoeuvring this morning," she cried, before her mother could speak. "She would have been more than ever confirmed in her opinion regarding your double-dealing. How foolish of Mrs. Douglass to be taken in by your smooth tongue and sweet ways! You don't deceive Oscar, that is one comfort. No matter how well he behaves to your face, he agrees with me about your character. He thinks you very entertaining and agreeable enough, but he believes you to be a hypocrite. Oh, I wish I could undeceive his mother about you!"
Tears started to Rollica's eyes, and she replied quickly, "Please leave me Mrs. Douglass. I have few friends. Don't take that one from me. You tried to turn Amy against me, and succeeded for a while, but I am thankful to say she likes me again, and has forgotten whatever story you told her."
"I never told Amy any story about you," almost screamed Kate. "You are suspicious and jealous, as well as cunning. You might know she wouldn't listen to anything I would say. She thought I was prejudiced against you. Ah, you are not as clever as you think yourself."
"You are prejudiced against me. I never did you any harm. Can't you let me alone if you won't love me? Where is the harm in my wishing to spend a week at The Hall? It is only natural that I should like a little variety and amusement. I don't neglect any duties when I go there."
"Cease this unseemly wrangling," put in Mrs. Hamilton at last, in a stern tone. "You need not tell us that you like amusement. Your whole aim and object in life seems to be to secure for yourself variety and amusement. Well, when you are a governess you will be obliged to be obedient to your employer, and you will have no variety or amusement. By your disobedience and frivolity now, you are heaping up misery for yourself in the future."
"I shall not be miserable as a governess," answered Rollica, half defiantly. "Teaching is honourable work for ladies, and many resident governesses are happy and respected in public as well as in private. I have met resident governesses at 'evenings,' and at 'At homes,' where they were treated as the other ladies present, and seemed to find life very pleasant."
"I shall not stoop to argue with an ignorant, conceited girl," replied Mrs. Hamilton in cold displeasure. "Happily there can be no objection to your earning your own living when you are eighteen, and as that birthday is not so very far distant now you may soon become 'a happy and respected resident governess.'" With these last words the lady quitted the breakfast room.
"So you are afraid I will tell Mrs. Douglass the truth about you?" said Kate tauntingly. "I will do so if I only get a chance, but when I am at The Hall, Oscar monopolizes me so completely that I haven't half an hour alone with his mother. When he is politely doing his duty as host today, you can remember what his private opinion of you is, and so save yourself the trouble of practising your little French arts upon him."
Kate then followed her mother, casting a backward glance of amused contempt at Rollica.
Left alone, the latter gave way to very bitter reflections. How was it that she had so signally failed in winning the affection of Mrs. Hamilton and her daughters? She had endeavoured to please them, she had herself been quite ready to love them, but they would have none of her love. Was she conceited and cunning and jealous?
Her father had thought her a clever scholar, and was never quite happy when she was out of his sight. The few people she had claimed as friends in those old days had admired her, and regarded her with affection. She had always been allowed to talk as much as she wished before strangers, provided she remembered to be truly polite. Perhaps all this had been injudicious. Perhaps it had not been a wise training for a young penniless girl.
Mrs. Hamilton and her daughters appeared to consider that she ought never to speak when in the society of others, that she ought not to care any longer for amusement, her whole thoughts ought now to be fixed on her studies and on her future position as a governess. They seemed to think that teaching was an occupation belittling to the dignity of any lady, that remunerative employment of any description was beneath the serious consideration of any lady.
But her father had not so thought. He always said that it was a glorious thing for a woman to be able to earn her living as a teacher; that women were, and would be in the future, the best teachers of youth; that they were best fitted, by their natural patience, strong religious instincts, and high moral qualities, to train up good men and women, to inculcate true lessons of morality and unselfishness. Her father was a good and brave gentleman. She, his daughter, could not believe that his ideas were erroneous, that his views on teaching were wrong. No, she was filled with heartfelt thankfulness that he had educated her well enough to become a governess, perhaps one of his ideal governesses whose ministry would make boys and girls better men and women.
She would endeavour to come up to his standard of perfection in that at least, though she did fail often to make her life foursquare. Her reflections were brought to a sudden close by the striking of the clock, and she hastened to her room to write her note to Mrs. Douglass, and prepare for her visit to The Hall. 

Chapter 19

WHEN Rollica arrived at The Hall, she received a hearty welcome from Mrs. Douglass, an especially hearty one, so that her eyes sparkled, and her cheeks, which had been pale enough, glowed with pleasure. The unpleasant, painful scene of the morning almost passed from her mind, and she gave herself up to the enjoyment of the present with a thoroughness peculiar to her.
She felt that when she returned to The Moat Mrs. Hamilton would like her less than ever, and she had no hope of winning Kate's affection, but a few months would end her sojourn in her uncomfortable home. In a few months she would begin to seek for a position as governess, so there was no longer reason for despondency.
 "You have not been looking so strong lately," said Mrs. Douglass gently, as she handed her young guest a cup of tea. "The summer has certainly been a hot one, but you like heat."
Oscar had not joined his mother and Rollica at tea; indeed the girl had not seen him yet.
"I am well, thank you," Rollica answered, with a smile of contentment. "Heat never does disagree with me. We all change in appearance occasionally. I shall soon recover my colour."
Mrs. Douglass looked at her in a dissatisfied way. "We will help you to recover your roses and your cheerfulness, dear child, but you have lost both in a remarkable manner. I wonder where Oscar is. He always comes for a cup of tea. Ah, here he is."
"Welcome, Miss Rollica. I was detained by a man who came to me on business. By the way, mother, he came to me on his own affairs. Why he should visit me, I don't know. I would like to tell you and Rollica all about it, but I suppose I ought not to do so."
Oscar frequently omitted to put any prefix before "Rollica," and she and his mother had become accustomed to the omission.
"I never was a friend of this man's. I scarcely knew him by sight, but he seems to consider that I can and ought to help him out of his difficulties."
"If he is a deserving case, you might assist him," said Mrs. Douglass.
"A deserving case? No, he is not that," laughed Oscar. "I am afraid there are some people in the neighbourhood who would give him a very bad character. He thinks he is a gentleman, but he has not behaved like one recently."
Rollica started, and Adelaide's husband suddenly occurred to her mind. Mrs. Douglass looked curiously at her son. "Was he ever in this house?" she asked.
"He was, many times, as he reminded me. I told him what I thought of a recent act of his, and mentioned that a man ought to be sure of being able to support a wife before marrying one."
"What did he say to that?" queried Rollica.
"Oh, he was not in the least abashed. Evidently his idea is that his wife ought to support him, and leave him free to exercise his musical and other talents."
Mrs. Douglass said, "I am afraid we know of whom you are speaking. How curious his coming to you. Did he seem poor?"
"If I am to believe what he says, he and his wife are very poor. He did not care to face Mr. Hamilton or George, so he thought I might act as mediator, being an influential man in the neighbourhood, as he was kind enough to inform me, and much respected and admired by the Hamilton family. I need hardly say that I declined to act as mediator."
"I should think you did!" cried Rollica indignantly. "How conceited he is, and always was!"
"Yes, and he cannot understand how Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton can remain blind to his perfections, and to the advantages of such a connection in the family. I am afraid he does not always tell the truth. It is more than probable that he is not poor at all."
"Wouldn't it be dreadful if Adelaide had not enough to eat?" said Rollica shuddering, while her cheeks grew white at the idea of such a wretched state of affairs.
"Don't let such a thought enter your head," replied Mrs. Douglass tenderly. "They are married only a few months. He cannot have lost his situation in Milwall, and they cannot be reduced to poverty in that short time."
"And Adelaide took her jewellery, clothes, and her quarter's dress allowance with her," added Rollica in a relieved tone.
"He may have gambled everything away," said Oscar musingly. "I heard that he was fond of cards and wine."
"Now, Oscar, don't try to make Rollica unhappy," reproved his mother.
"I should be very sorry to do anything of the sort," declared the young man warmly and eagerly. "I didn't know that Adelaide Hamilton had been a particular friend of yours," he turned to the girl as he spoke, "or I would not have mentioned before you the interview I have just had."
"She was not a particular friend of mine," admitted Rollica, with a painful blush "I don't think she cared for me, but naturally I would not like to hear she was in poverty. She always had plenty of money and a happy home. She was not at all fitted to endure misery and hunger. Poor Adelaide, how dreadful it would be for her."
"I must confess I think your pity thrown away on her," announced Mrs. Douglass in unusually stern accents. "She was a disobedient, untruthful girl whose wickedness nearly broke her parents' hearts and brought disgrace on a respectable name."
"Why, mother, how severe of you to say that," cried Oscar in amazement, while Rollica listened in dismay.
"Well, perhaps I am rather severe," assented Mrs. Douglass in softer accents, " but I greatly respect and esteem her father, and it hurts me to see how changed he is in these last few months. If Wilde had been an honest, hard-working man, it would not have been so bad, but Mr. Hamilton told Adelaide that the fellow was a gambler, and over-fond of wine. She knew what she was doing when she consented to a secret marriage, and she told lies to her good father. How could such a girl expect a blessing? But there, children, we won't talk of it any more. Take Rollica into the garden, Oscar, until dinnertime."
The young man very willingly obeyed his mother, and he strolled away with Rollica under the brightly tinted trees, and past the tennis courts, carpeted now with red and brown and yellow leaves of many a shade, the original green covering peeping out now and then.
"Do you feel inclined for a game?" he asked, looking a little anxiously at her serious face.
"No, thank you, not today," she answered, a faint smile curving her lips. "Mrs. Douglass says that Mr. and Mrs. George Hamilton are coming to dinner tomorrow. George and I will play you and Amy if the gardener is able to sweep the court."
"So you want to be my opponent?" he said reproachfully. "I did not expect it of you, Rollica."
"We both play better than Amy and George," she replied, still with that faint, unsteady smile. "It would not be fair for us both to be on the same side, for we should beat them always."
"If that is your reason for wishing to become my opponent, I forgive you," he went on laughingly. "But how am I to become your opponent? I shall find myself wanting to give you easy balls, and generally forgetting that I ought to try and beat you. Ah, little friend, I cannot imagine our being opponents, even in a game. Our hostility would be but a half-hearted affair."
His voice was low and loving, and the glance of his eyes was tender, though withal somewhat anxious yet.
She did not answer him. Kate's words about him had recurred to her, and she wondered if they were true -- if he was only speaking so kindly because she was his mother's guest -- if he believed her to be "entertaining and agreeable, but a hypocrite."

The days went by at The Hall all too quickly for Rollica. She took the pleasure of them, and put Kate's unkind insinuations and Adelaide's possible poverty out of her head for the time. She laughed, and sang, and recited poetry, and read aloud to Mrs. Douglass in the mornings when Oscar was busy about the place or writing letters. She helped her hostess with her crewelwork, and drove with her into Astley for wools and for new books.
She and Oscar spent an evening with some distant relations of the Douglasses, Mrs. Douglass not caring to take very long drives, and another evening with Mr. and Mrs. George Hamilton in Astley. She rode round the estate with Oscar, and gave him her advice about the cottages of the labourers with a gentle seriousness that captivated him. She took an interest in all the workmen and in their wives and families, and showed many of the women how to cut out their own and their children's clothes. She begged from Mrs. Douglass a very large piece of flannel, and the women made it up for their husbands under her direction.
"One would think she was seventy, mother, instead of seventeen," said Oscar in an amused tone one day.
"I shall be eighteen directly." She spoke with a dignified air infinitely charming. "Long ago, in Brittany, I used to go with my father and help him to help the poor in our little town and the country round it. The English labourer is different from the French one, but their wants are the same. It is no new work to me; I used to delight in it."
"It seems to me you delight in everything you do," replied Mrs. Douglass affectionately.
"She goes in for variety, but she is successful in all that she undertakes," said Oscar, with an admiring, loving glance. "She has bloomed out like the rose in every respect this last fortnight, and she has displayed unexpected ability and sweetness. And she wanted to go back to The Moat after she had been a week here!"
"You do flatter me disgracefully," cried Rollica. "I don't think I shall have anything more to say to you for the rest of the day."
"Oh, won't you indeed? Do you forget that you promised to show me where I ought to have that new arbour made? Come and do so now."
He caught her hand as she would have escaped from the room, and held her back.
"I must get my hat," she cried, with a vain attempt at dignified displeasure. "If you flatter me any more, I will turn back to the house. So take warning."
"All right. I never do flatter. No, send Parsons for your hat. I won't trust you out of my sight."
"Don't be long away, children. Lunch is to be early today, that you and I, Rollica, may drive to Milwall."
"May I not go too?" asked Oscar.
"You know you must see your agent about those cottages, and you have an engagement in Astley."
"Ah, I had almost forgotten. Well, you'll be back from Milwall as soon as you can?"
"You may be sure of that. It is not a very interesting town. It is larger than Astley, but so dismal and dingy."
After lunch, Mrs. Douglass and Rollica drove to Milwall to buy wool for the former lady's work, and a piece of pretty chintz to make dresses for some poor children to whom Rollica had taken a liking. The shops in Milwall were larger and more numerous, therefore there was a greater variety of materials.
"I remember a shop in a small back street that used to be famous for its calico and dresses," said Mrs. Douglass, as the carriage proceeded slowly through the main street. "Shall we try there first?"
So they turned down a back street, narrow and rather dirty.
"It does not look very inviting, Rollica, but there really was a good shop here."
The girl smiled as she glanced with curiosity from one side to the other. "I think I see the shop you mean," she answered. "Is it not that corner one with a lot of aprons in the window?"
"Ah yes, it is. We will get out here."
A very pretty piece of chintz was purchased, and clasping it triumphantly in her arms Rollica followed Mrs. Douglass to the carriage. When they were once seated, the girl shuddered slightly.
"What a dark, wretched-looking place that would be to live in!" she murmured, glancing with half-averted eyes at a narrow lane that ran out of the street they were in, a dirty, dismal, lane, with high, dingy, tenement houses.
Mrs. Douglass glanced in the direction indicated, and then a tall, graceful figure clad in shabby black came slowly out of the lane and passed up the street.
"It is Adelaide!" exclaimed Rollica in horror-stricken tones. "And she has seen us."
"Poor woman, she does not want us to see her," replied Mrs. Douglass, genuine pity in her low accents. "She has disappeared down another turning. How changed she is! She looked ill and worn. Her husband must have told the truth to Oscar."
"I wish Mr. Hamilton could have seen her," cried Rollica. "She acted wrongly, and she told him lies, but he would forgive her now, for she has been severely punished."
All the way home that black-robed, wretched-faced woman haunted Rollica. She could scarcely believe the evidence of her own eyes, that Adelaide could have so altered for the worse in a few short months. Surely she could have sold her jewellery. Ladies in France who had wanted money for food had sold their rings and bracelets, and lived on the proceeds. Adelaide had plenty of such ornaments; she had been fond of adorning herself with them, perhaps over-fond of doing so.
Could Mr. Wilde have sold them and played cards with the money? Horrible thought! He surely would not have been so cruelly selfish as to starve his wife for the sake of an hour's excitement.
Even at dinner, Adelaide's face would intrude, so that at last when dessert was on the table and the servants had left the room, Oscar said reproachfully, "What have you been doing to Rollica, mother? She went to drive with you in good spirits, and now she is melancholy personified."
"We saw rather a sad sight, and it has shocked and grieved Rollica. Don't think about it, Oscar. Your being miserable won't improve Mrs. Wilde's circumstances."
"Did you see Mrs. Wilde?" asked Oscar quickly.
"Oh, it was such a sad sight!" cried Rollica, sudden tears starting to her eyes. "She was like a poor beggar woman, only more miserable-looking."
Oscar shook his head. "Her husband has spent her money, I expect. It is too soon for the disenchantment to come. I should think Miss Adelaide is sorry she deceived her father for the sake of such a man."
"Rollica will say you are too hard-hearted," spoke Mrs. Douglass, drawing a letter out of her pocket. "I had a letter from my old friend, Lady Hill. She asks me if I know of anyone I could recommend as governess for her grandchildren. It seems their mother is not very strong, so she has requested Lady Hill to try and find some person for her. My old friend is very nice, but I have never cared much for her daughter. I do not know of anyone in Astley who would be suitable. She suggests the daughter of some poor country curate, but our curate is a comparatively rich man."
Rollica was listening eagerly now. Perhaps this was the very opening she was longing for. Why should she not offer her services as governess to Lady Hill's grandchildren? Mrs. Douglass was so kind to her, she would no doubt recommend her to her friend. She did not want to go back to The Moat. She knew she was more unwelcome there than ever.
"Would I be good enough for the post?" she asked timidly. "If the children are not very old, I think I could teach them. It would be so nice to begin my work with a friend of yours."
"You, my dear?" exclaimed Mrs. Douglas in amazement. "I never thought of you. Don't be in a hurry to begin work. Wait until you are eighteen."
"I would like to begin now," she repeated earnestly. "I must begin soon, and I may never have such a good chance again."
"But Lady Hill's daughter is no friend of mine. Her children are sickly and spoiled, and her eldest boy is anything but a nice young fellow. No, dear, the governess for that house should be a strong-willed, middle-aged lady accustomed to teach and accustomed to rule. You would be most unhappy there, and be obliged to give up the attempt in about a fortnight. I am too fond of my dear little friend to send her to such a place."
The bright, eager expression faded from Rollica's face, and she looked saddened.
"I can see you are disappointed," said Mrs. Douglass in kind, sympathetic tones. "But cheer up, dear, if I won't recommend you to go to this place, I will try and find a congenial home for you now I understand that the time has come for your leaving The Moat. Will that promise comfort you?"
"Thank you," replied Rollica gratefully, while a warm flush of pleasure rose to her face. "I am quite comforted."
"You and Oscar might take a short stroll while I have just a little sleep. The drive today rather tired me."
Rollica wrapped herself warmly in a thick white shawl, drawing a corner of it over her head.
"Now I am ready," she said, turning to Oscar.
They sauntered up and down on the grassy terrace before the drawing room windows for a few minutes in silence, then they turned down a quiet path bordered on either side by a yew hedge. For many a long day afterwards Rollica remembered that hedge, so quaintly clipped, the curious and grotesque shapes dimly visible in the fading light.
"My mother is very fond of you, Rollica," Oscar said suddenly.
The girl started, and answered half absently, "Yes, I hope so. I know I am very fond of her."
"You like The Hall?"
"Of course I do! No one could help liking such a lovely place. I have spent many happy hours here."
"We have tried to make you happy whenever you have stayed with us," he replied very earnestly. Then he stretched out his hand and took hers. "Do you think you could be content to remain here, instead of going off to be a governess?"
"Remain here!" she echoed, with a puzzled air. "How could I do that? Mrs. Douglass has no young children for me to teach."
He looked at her gravely. He did not know how to frame his next question so as not to frighten or trouble her. She was very young in many respects.
"I am very fond of you, little friend," he said softly and lovingly. "Will you be my wife? Will you live in The Hall as its mistress?"
She uttered a low cry of astonishment, and a sudden glad light flooded her eyes. Then she drew her hand away. It was only pity that moved him to ask her such a question, pity for her homeless condition, not affection. Kate's words rushed back to her recollection. If he deemed her a hypocrite, if he thought ill of her, how could he ask her to be his wife except in pity for her friendless state, except out of regard for his mother who loved her? That Kate had spoken falsely never entered her head. No, she would not have a husband who married her out of pity. Her husband should love her.
So she put her happiness from her, she shut out the light that would have shone steadfastly and clearly through her life's journey.
"Thank you for the honour you would do me," she replied gently but coldly. "I cannot be your wife. You have been making some mistake. Forget that you have spoken in this way to me."
"I have been making no mistake," he returned eagerly. "I mean what I am saying. Surely you must know that from the first day I saw you I cared for you. Oh, my dearest, what has come between us all in a moment? What have I said to anger you? I am not very smooth-tongued when most moved. Forgive my blunt speech, and say you care for me a little. Say you will be my wife!"
"I could not say so," she answered decidedly, "for it would not be true. I cannot be your wife. Forget what has passed between us now, and let us be friends."
Then she turned from him and fled hastily along the path to the house, the grotesque figures on either side of her seeming to mock at her pain.
The following day she went back to The Moat, unable to endure the mildly reproachful gaze of kind Mrs. Douglass, who perhaps understood her better than she did herself.

Chapter 20

ROLLICA felt very unhappy after she left The Hall, so unhappy that the coldness and sternness of Mrs. Hamilton and Kate, their sharp speeches and sharp taunts, were all unheeded by her. She knew she had put away from her that great earthly blessing, the love of a good man; she knew that she would have been very happy as Oscar's wife; she knew she had hurt Mrs. Douglass, her kindest and dearest friend, by refusing to marry her son. Had she been mad when she rejected him that night in the yew walk?
What spirit of evil had entered into her to force her to speak so coldly -- nay, wickedly? Yes, she did love him. Kate's mocking words sounded once again in her ears; Kate's mocking smile flashed before her eyes, and memory assured her she had acted rightly. But alas, that reflection did not lessen her pain.

One evening, early in December, Kate Hamilton was returning from a shopping expedition in Astley. She was hurrying along the road, for the darkness had already fallen, and even she did not wish to be out alone at that hour. It was with a sigh of actual relief that she overtook Rollica, who was also hastening towards The Moat.
"You are out late," she said, walking beside her. "This road is not so safe as it used to be. I am rather late myself."
"We will soon be at The Moat," replied Rollica indifferently, experiencing no surprise, and showing none, that Kate had joined her of her own free will.
Nothing now that was said or done by the inmates of The Moat seemed to affect her, which palpable fact not a little astonished them and stirred their curiosity. At a turn of the road, where a high wall afforded a sort of shelter, a figure emerged from the denser darkness and confronted them.
"Is that the way you have kept your promise to me, Kate?" The voice was Adelaide's, but oh, how heavy and bitter in tone. The thin, sorrow-lined face, suddenly revealed, made Kate aware that it was indeed Adelaide who stood before them.
"Why have you not sent me money?" continued the voice. "Why have you not made father relent? Why have you not brought mother to see me? I kept my promise to you; why did you not keep your promise to me? I have been starving for weeks now, ay, literally starving, and ashamed to show my face anywhere in the daylight for fear my former acquaintances should recognise me. How can you sleep at night, knowing your sister is starving?"
"It is all your own fault," replied Kate, recovering herself somewhat. "You have disgraced your family for ever by marrying a gambler and a drunkard; and you told father lies about it. Yet you expect us to forgive you!"
"Do you dare to judge me? You, who think nothing of telling lies!" cried Adelaide in sharp, contemptuous accents. "Do you forget the lies you persuaded me to tell Amy for you? James would never have been a gambler or a drunkard if father had received him into his office and acknowledged our marriage. I owe all my present misery to my loving family. It is not fair that I should be starving, and you, the greater sinner of the two, living in comfort and luxury. I demand assistance from you, Kate."
The fierce tone and menacing attitude of her sister frightened Kate. Perhaps James Wilde was in the shadow of that wall, ready to spring out and rob her.
"I have no money with me now," she said, trying to conceal her fear. "I spent it all on wool in Astley."
Adelaide laughed, such a laugh, and both Kate and Rollica shivered when they heard it. "Spent your money on fancy-work, and your only sister starving!"
"You took your jewellery and your last quarter's money with you, besides all your dresses. How can you be starving?"
"Let me tell you, my dear sister. James Wilde stole my rings and bracelets one night when I was in bed, and sold them to get money to play cards with. The next morning he laughed at me when I accused him of the theft. He said what was mine was his. He lost his situation because he went drunk to the office one morning shortly after our marriage. As soon as he felt sure that my family and friends would do nothing for us, he changed entirely, and became quite different to me. I cannot say I feel any affection for him now, Marriage is a deception. Are you satisfied that I am no impostor? That I am starving? I owe it all to my family. James would have been a respectable, good man if father and you had done your duty. Mother was guided by you both, I am sure."
"Why don't you go to father and say all this?"
"Because he ordered me out of his office the day I did humble myself to appeal to him for help. Oh, the cool, insolent stare of his clerks! No, I'll have no more of that. Keep your promise to me, Kate. Give me money, or I'll tell Amy the truth about the lying message you persuaded me to deliver to her. Ay, and I'll tell Mrs. Douglass and Oscar a few truths about their dear Kate. Do you think Oscar would marry you after he knew your character? Help me for your own sake."
"You have sunk too low, no one would believe you!" almost shrieked Kate, her passion getting the better of her fear. "You have disgraced us all. Never dare to speak to me or write to me again. We will not help you. You have made your bed, and you must lie on it!"

Chapter 21

ROLLICA could not sleep that night for thinking of Adelaide. She had read in books of the harshness and cruelty of people to those nearly related to them, but she had not deemed it possible that such hard selfishness existed in real life. That Kate could treat her own sister so cruelly, no matter what her offence, seemed more and more dreadful as her thoughts dwelt with painful intensity on that scene on the dark road. How could members of one family behave so to one another?
Poor Adelaide. How despairing must have been her reflections as she returned to her wretched home! No food, perhaps no bed, and no loving husband to welcome her. She had given up home and friends for that husband, and how had he rewarded that devotion?
The next day not a word passed between Rollica and Kate about Adelaide, but when lunch was over Rollica walked into Astley and took the train for Milwall. When she reached the town, she looked carefully round her. Could she find her way to that dark street where she had bought the chintz?
It was in a lane off that street that Adelaide lived. She was sure she should know the lane. Hurrying on, she succeeded in discovering it, and with rather a timid feeling slowly walked down the narrow place, gazing about her for someone whom she could question. A dirty old woman came out of a dark doorway nearly at the end of the lane. Oh yes, Mrs. Wilde lodged in her house, she said, on the second floor.
Rollica climbed up the broken, rickety stairs, and knocked at the door of a front room which she supposed must be the one indicated by the old woman. Adelaide herself bade her enter. Rollica did so with rather uncertain footstep. Suppose James Wilde should be at home -- and drunk!
"You, Rollica Reed! What brings you here? How did you find out my elegant abode? Oh, I remember, you saw me one day when you were driving with Mrs. Douglass. Well, what do you want now you have come? No, you need not be afraid. He isn't at home at present. He made some money at cards last night, so he is enjoying himself after his manner."
This was not a very encouraging reception certainly, but Adelaide had never cared for her, so there was nothing new in her ungracious words, and James Wilde was out.
"Have you come from my unsisterly sister?" went on Mrs. Wilde, faint hope in her tones. "Not wishing to mix herself up outwardly in my poverty, has she sent you?"
"I have brought you some money," Rollica said slowly, like one repeating a lesson. "It is only a small sum, but I will come again. Don't let it be spent on drink or cards. Take care of it yourself. Don't come near The Moat or Astley. You will only subject yourself to more insults."
"You may be certain James won't get a penny of it," cried Adelaide, clutching eagerly at the piece of gold. "A sovereign! The sight of it does me good. But she might have spared me more. She might have gone without a new dress to help a starving sister. I owe more than six weeks' rent. If I don't give that dirty old woman some of this, we will be turned out of even this hole."
"I will come again," said Rollica quickly. "Pay your rent, or as much of it as you can, and I will return with more money in a couple of days."
"Well, I will. Does Kate intend to help me in earnest? I can't keep on like this, always living on her charity. Does mother know this money has been sent to me?"
"Oh no, we are forbidden to speak of you."
Adelaide groaned, and buried her face in her hands. Then she raised her head and said fiercely, "They must do something for me. I'll take to drink myself to drown my misery. You can tell Kate that. Perhaps it will quicken her sisterly affection." 
Rollica shuddered, and made a movement towards the door.
"Yes, you had better go. James might come back and find you here, and you would not like that, especially if he should happen to have taken too much wine. I wonder why you came. We did not care for you at home. Don't you feel triumphant now you see me so low down? You were always pious, and you can sing, 'Behold how the mighty are fallen!' I don't think that quotation is quite correct; but never mind, what could be expected from a vile sinner who has got her deserts?"
"Oh, don't talk that way!" cried Rollica, while tears started to her eyes. "I am so sorry for you. Indeed I am!"
Adelaide stared at her. "You need not be sorry for me. I never did you any good, but I did harm you."
"What has that to do with it? And you never did me harm," half sobbed Rollica. "I am sorry for you."
"My own sister is not sorry for me," answered Adelaide coldly. "Go, child, before James comes back. Remember, I expect to see you very soon again. I shall not quite starve meanwhile, thanks to this bit of gold."
Rollica went back to Astley feeling more relieved about Adelaide, but still very much puzzled as to what she ought to do next to help her. She had no more money; Kate had borrowed almost all her last dress allowance. She had some jewellery certainly, but she did not like giving any of that. Most of the rings and brooches had been presents to her mother, and were very valuable. Yet, if she did not help Adelaide, she would be starved to death, or worse still, become a drunkard as her husband was.
Could she bring some of the rings to the jeweller's in Astley who lent money on such things, and who returned them to their owners when the money was given back with interest? Then, when she got her next allowance for dress, or when she obtained a post as governess, she could get back her rings. Yes, she would do so. It was a happy thought, and relieved her of her uncertainty.

So much occupied had she been with Mrs. Wilde's affairs that she had for the time forgotten her own private trouble. It all rushed on her with full force when on leaving the jeweller's shop in Astley on her next visit, she perceived Oscar Douglass on the opposite side of the road. She turned into a confectioner's to avoid him, a sudden heavy, dull sensation of pain blanching her cheeks and lips. Would she always feel thus when she met him?
She was young yet; through all the weary years to come, would she be thus miserable, unhappy, and lonely? Why had she refused him so sternly, and without giving any reason for her refusal? Perhaps he did truly love her after all. Perhaps it was not pity that moved him. Kate might not have been speaking the truth when she declared that he thought her, Rollica, a little hypocrite. Her own sister accused her of speaking falsely, and of giving her false messages to deliver, and she did not attempt to deny the charge.
But such reflections only made her unhappy. She left the shop when Oscar had disappeared up the street, and took her way to the station, resolving that she would put him out of her thoughts and do with all her might whatever her hand found to do.

She  went again to Milwall on the train, and was fortunate in finding Adelaide alone this time also. At the unhappy woman's request, she sat down for a few minutes and listened to her complainings and the recital of her woes.
"He did not get a penny of that other money you brought me," she said triumphantly. "I paid some of my rent, and spent the rest of it on food. He never asked me where I got the food, or why the landlady was not turning us out. I remember saying to Amy the last time I visited her that I was glad I could not earn my own living, and that I despised all governesses and all ladies who were obliged to work. What a change a few short months have wrought in my sentiments. What would I not give now if I could earn even a shilling a day. I have sunk too low, as Kate justly says, to do anything but the most menial work, but I don't know how to do that. Aren't you surprised to hear me talk in this fashion, Rollica, humbling myself before you, of all people?"
"I am not so much surprised as sorry that there is reason for you to talk in such fashion. But why would you not tell me your afflictions, and let me help you, if I could do so?"
"Because I am not quite mean-spirited, though I am a pauper. I tried in my indolent, selfish way to do you harm, and I did not like you. No, I would never accept help from you. You evidently believe in returning good for evil, or you would not sit there looking so full of pity. It is strange, very strange to me. I don't understand such a disposition. I am sure you are sorry for me, as you say, and you are glad to have this money to bring me; but if I were in your stead I would act very differently. I would not return good for evil."
"I am not, to my knowledge, returning good for evil," answered Rollica earnestly. "I don't recollect any evil you ever did me."
"I did not always fight you as Kate did, but I once told Amy lies about you, and I often sneered at you. However, I can't say I am very penitent, only I feel curious. Oh, I forgot, I suppose it is your ring, Foursquare, you know."
"As a Christian I do try to remember my motto, but I don't think it made me come to see you," replied Rollica humbly.
So it was Kate who had raised that dark cloud between Amy and herself which had caused her such pain and misery? Ah well, it was dispersed now, but Amy might have trusted her, and not listened to false tales about her. No doubt that which Kate said about Oscar was false also, and she had believed it. What a stupid girl she had been to believe it, considering how kind and affectionate he had always been to her, and what a character for uprightness and honourable behaviour he bore in the neighbourhood.
"You are coming again? This is a lot of money. Still, as I said before, I cannot always live on charity, and James will begin to suspect something soon, and question me about the money. Will you try to persuade Kate to move my mother in my behalf? But I am afraid your interference in my affairs won't benefit me much."
"I will see what can be done," replied Rollica.

Chapter 22

"LET us tell George," said Amy, when she had listened to Rollica's account of her visits to Milwall. "His father did not make him promise to have nothing to do with Adelaide, but he and I were so angry with her, and so ashamed of her, that we voluntarily gave her up. I do believe she has had a dreadful punishment. Young, and of good family, her life is spoiled at the very start."
"But it may not be spoiled," answered Rollica earnestly "I wish I had more money. I have scarcely any until I earn it. You and George must help her. Of course I will tell Mr. Hamilton I have visited Adelaide. I expect he will be very angry with me for disobeying him, though I never promised to obey him. Indeed, I thought he did not really mean all he said. I felt sure that after the first natural anger and grief he and Mrs. Hamilton would forgive Adelaide and do what they could to assist the poor thing."
"As far as we can we will help her, for love of you, my dear. What a sweet little soul you are. Do you know that Adelaide once tried to make unpleasantness for you, and succeeded for a while? I am ashamed to confess it."
"Oh yes, she told me that; but never mind it now. You are fond of me again. I am not a sweet soul, so please don't talk so. It hurts me."
"Well, here comes George."
When Amy told her husband of his sister's condition, and of how Rollica had helped her, even he was touched.
"Poor girl, she is indeed reaping a bitter reward. How could you sell your jewels to help her?" he went on, turning to Rollica. "She never treated you decently."
"You must not let anyone know I did that," said Rollica quickly. "I would not have told it to Amy, but that I wanted her to fully understand how much Adelaide required immediate assistance. Could you not go to Milwall and talk to Mr. Wilde? You might get him a situation in another solicitor's office away from Milwall, and perhaps give them a little money to start them, if he would in return sign the pledge against intoxicating drink and give up playing cards. Wouldn't that be a good plan? There is little use in helping Adelaide as long as he drinks. Then, if he owed his renewed prosperity to Adelaide's friends, he might grow fond of her again, and they would be happy."
"Your plan does sound a good one, if I could bring myself to do what you advise. He is so selfish, and she is so selfish, that I am afraid they will never be really happy together."
"You'll promise to do your best, won't you?" replied Rollica coaxingly. "Amy, make him do it."
Amy laughed. "We will try to please you, dear, though Adelaide richly deserves her punishment."
"Oh, Amy, if we were all punished as we deserve, what an unhappy world it would be!"
When Rollica got as far as Bathsheba's cottage on her way to The Moat, she suddenly recollected that she had not seen her friend for several days. She opened the little gate and walked up the narrow, neatly-kept path to the door. There was no answer to her knock. Another day she would have gone away, sure that the charwoman was out, but today she knocked a second time. She could not tell why she did so, and then lifted the latch.
To her astonishment, the door opened! Could Bathsheba have forgotten to lock up her home before going to her work? Entering the kitchen, she perceived a shawl and bonnet lying on the table. With a sudden frightened feeling she pushed open the door of the bedroom and saw the charwoman stretched on her bed, her eyes shut, and her face as the face of the dead.
"Bathsheba!" she cried in an agony of apprehension.
There was no reply to her appeal. Was Bathsheba dead? Had she died all alone, without a friendly word, a friendly smile to help her?
A movement of the eyelids, a faint sigh, testified that the charwoman was still alive.
Again Rollica called her name, and took her cold hands between her own warm ones and chafed them gently.
"Miss Rollica!" murmured a faint voice, that made the girl's heart leap with gladness. "Is it you, my pretty lamb? Have you come to me at last?"
"Oh, Bathsheba! I thought you were dead," cried Rollica, sinking on her knees beside the bed, and looking with anxious tenderness into the woman's half-closed eyes from which the life-light was slowly but surely fading.
"Not dead yet. I prayed that you might come to me soon. I've been lying here these two or three days, or maybe more, I don't know. I've been in a sort of sleep most of the time."
"Oh, why did I not come sooner!"
"How could you know I wanted you so badly, honey? It was one of them sudden attacks. It took me just inside the kitchen. I was able to crawl on to the bed, and here I've lain ever since."
"My poor Bathsheba. But I must run for a doctor now, and then get you food. You must not die yet."
"Get me a lawyer first, Miss Rollica dear. A man that'll draw up a will regular and proper. I had a letter from Dublin that upset me a bit, and helped me to take bad. I've an uncle there, a solicitor. Well, he's just dead, and I'm the next heir. It seems he left six thousand pounds. He made it in a bad way, I'm afraid, but now it'll be put to good use. Get me a lawyer, for I must make my will smart. After you've done that for me, you may see to a doctor and food."
"Six thousand pounds! You are a rich woman! I'll beat up an egg in a little milk, which you must take, and then I'll get solicitor and doctor both."
"Be quick, then."
Rollica did make haste, and after Bathsheba had swallowed the beaten-up egg she hurried away.
When both the doctor and solicitor had come and gone, and the charwoman was lying in a stupor again, Rollica left a woman by the bedside to watch, and give the reviving medicine in case she should not be back in time. Then she hurried to The Moat to put a few things in a bag and tell Mrs. Hamilton that she was going to the cottage to nurse Bathsheba.
"You cannot return to that charwoman's cottage," declared Mrs. Hamilton sternly. "I have found a situation for you. Mrs. Smith, of Swithscombe, near London, wants a governess. She is already in Milwall, waiting to see you. It is growing late now, but if you take the train from Astley in half an hour's time you will be able to have an interview with her. I will send you in the carriage to catch the train. She wants someone to take to London with her, and there is nothing to hinder your going back with her, if only you have the sense to be polite and deferential."
"I cannot leave Bathsheba alone," answered Rollica firmly. "Thank you for taking so much trouble for me, but I cannot go to see Mrs. Smith at present. As long as Bathsheba wants me, I will be with her. The doctor says she cannot live many hours," concluded Rollica with a sudden burst of grief, as she turned to go up to her own room.
"Stay, Rollica! Do you mean to deliberately disobey me? This charwoman is nothing to you, and I must say I do not admire your choice of a friend. True ladies don't make friends of menials. You cannot lose such a good situation for so trifling a reason. No more of this nonsense. Go at once and prepare for your drive to Astley. The carriage will be round directly."
"I cannot do as you wish," answered Rollica mildly but firmly. "Bathsheba has no one but me, and I will be with her."
So saying, she ran up the stairs, leaving Mrs. Hamilton speechless with indignation. She soon packed her bag and ran down again, sorry that she had lost a moment in the drawing room.
When she reached the cottage she dismissed the woman to the kitchen, telling her to keep up a good fire there and let the doctor in when he came again. Then she closed the door of the little bedroom and sat down beside Bathsheba who seemed peacefully sleeping.
When Rollica stooped over her to see if she really were asleep, she opened her eyes and said in a low, faltering voice, "I thought it could be no other than my dear young lady who shut that door so quietly. How comfortable you have made me. I am quite happy and contented now. I've made my will, and I won't be alone when I am dying. Sure I've been alone all my life, and I expected to die alone at the last, and go out into the darkness, I knew not where."
"You won't die," replied Rollica softly. "Make up your mind to live a little longer. How happy you could be with such a lot of money. Think how much good you might do with it."
"Ah yes, I know that. There's one thing I'd have done if I'd lived." Then she stopped, and her breath came in quick, short gasps, and her eyelids drooped wearily over her dim eyes.
"Don't try to talk," murmured Rollica lovingly; "you only hurt yourself."
"I must say a few words, for my time is short. There, I'm better again. Do you know anything of Mrs. Wilde? I saw her in Astley a while ago, and she was so changed. She looked starved, indeed she did. I'd like to have helped her for Christ's sake. If I had lived, I'd have sent her some of this new money. A little of it. She wouldn't have taken it from me, but you could have managed it some way."
Rollica told her all about Adelaide, and Bathsheba smiled a bright, loving smile.
"I might have been sure my dear lamb would have found out the poor soul and done her good. Well, my mind's easy on that. You'll not rest until she's been helped in a right way, and her feet set in a smoother road. Give her only some of my money, not much of it. It'll all be yours when I'm gone."
"Mine? I don't want it, Bathsheba!" cried Rollica, with sudden energy "I am able to support myself. You must live and use it."
"Sure I've no one in all the world but you," whispered the dying woman. "I was hungering for love when you came to me and made me happy, and took away the black darkness after death by showing me that trusting Jesus is the way to heaven. Won't you have the money from me? I love you, my pretty lamb. You've been the very light of my eyes. You've filled my empty heart to overflowing with gladness. Wasn't it a real delight to buy that cup and saucer and spoon for you, so that when you sat down in my kitchen I'd have something fit to serve your bit of food on. How the whole kitchen grew light when you came. At last I had someone to love, and such a bonnie thing too! And I think you love me a bit. I think how you used to like to sit in that chair by the window and chat to me, and listen to my moanings and complainings."
"You never moaned and complained," answered Rollica tenderly. "I do love you, and it always rested me to come and see you. Only for you, I would have been hopelessly miserable many a time. And you kept reminding me of my ring. You often shamed me into renewed efforts to make my life foursquare. Oh, I will be so lonely without you!"
With a little sob, Rollica bent her face on the woman's hand lying on the coverlet. The other hand was slowly moved forward until it rested on the girl's bowed head.
"Pretty golden hair!" Bathsheba murmured fondly. "You'll be lonely without me, my dear young lady. Hear to that now, I'm a poor, ignorant charwoman, but the little lady loves me, and will be lonely without me. God bless you, honey, and make you a blessing to all around you. But sure He has done that already. And you'll take my money, won't you? And the cup and saucer and spoon, and the other things I bought for your use? It's all written down in the will regular and proper, and signed and all. Won't you have the money and the things, just to please poor Bathsheba, and show you loved her?"
"Yes, I will gladly have the money, for I do love you, and I will prize the other things and keep them always. But you might have left the money to someone more worthy of it"
The woman uttered a low exclamation of wonder. "Someone more worthy? Where could I find anyone more worthy? And don't I love only you? Oh, I'll tell the Master all about it when I see Him in heaven. It was good of Him to send you to me to show me the way. Bless your dear heart, don't be crying for me. Sure I'm glad to go away to heaven. I'm sorry to leave you, there's no denying that; but Mrs. Douglass and her son will be good friends to you, and maybe one day you'll marry Mr. Oscar. And there's Mrs. George Hamilton too. Cheer up, it will all be right. Everything does come right, if only we have patience and faith."
There was silence in the room for a while, and Bathsheba's face grew whiter, if that were possible, and the hand resting in Rollica's grew colder. The girl began to wish the doctor would soon come. He had promised to return about eleven o'clock that night.
When the stillness had lasted about an hour, Bathsheba opened her eyes and said faintly, "I'm going home, Miss Rollica dear. Would you ... would you kiss me once before I go?"
Rollica stooped over the bed and pressed her lips to the dying woman's forehead.
Then a bright smile illumined the white face, a soft sigh escaped the white lips, and Bathsheba was gone.

Chapter 23
(Last Chapter)

GREAT was the amazement in Astley when it became generally known that Bathsheba, the eccentric charwoman, had left six thousand pounds to Rollica Reed. Amy and George Hamilton were very glad to hear the astonishing news, and congratulated Rollica heartily, while Kate made a few characteristically unpleasant remarks.
"Who would have thought the old thing would have so much money to give away! Rollica is a small heiress. Oh, that young person always knew on which side her bread was buttered. There was a reason for her kindness to the charwoman."
Mr. Hamilton advised Rollica to invest the money and use only the interest, which would bring her in a nice little income, and render any teaching for a livelihood unnecessary.
Some weeks after Bathsheba's death, when the winter was far advanced and spring was timidly trying to make its appearance, Rollica went to see Amy and George, to talk over Adelaide's affairs.
"I have looked after her a little," said Amy, "knowing you would rather be left to yourself for a while. No, George has not seen James Wilde, because of that gentleman's absence in London. It seems he returns today. I must say Adelaide is much happier without her husband's presence in their one-roomed abode. To think that proud Adelaide Hamilton had sunk so low! I was very much shocked when I saw her condition."
"If Mr. Wilde is to be home today, I think I will take Mr. Gray, the man who arranged everything about my money, with me to Milwall talk to Mr. and Mrs. Wilde and see what can be done permanently for them."
"Why take Mr. Gray with you?"
"He is a nice, kind sort of man, and things must be legally and properly settled," answered Rollica gravely. 
Amy wondered at her dignified gravity, and saw her depart to carry out her intention with considerable curiosity as to its result.
When Mrs. Wilde's abode was reached, Rollica asked Mr. Gray to remain in the lobby while she spoke to Adelaide and obtained her permission to introduce a stranger to her and Mr. Wilde.
"I hear you are an heiress," was Mr. Wilde's greeting, while Adelaide silently pressed her hand. "Allow me to congratulate you, and welcome you to our humble abode."
Rollica took the chair he handed to her, and said quietly, "I have come to talk seriously with you both, Mr. Wilde. You have made no secret of your poverty, so I suppose you have no objection to my speaking of it. I do not wish to offend either of you, so please forgive me if I unintentionally do so. We propose to settle two thousand pounds upon Adelaide for her sole benefit. Of course she can spend the interest of it as she pleases, but the money is to remain in Mr. Gray's hands, and the interest alone to be drawn by her. Also, we propose to find you, Mr. Wilde, a situation in some solicitor's office in Hartley, if you pledge yourself to give up the use of intoxicating drink and gambling. Should you agree to these terms, and live respectably for a year, an effort will be made to bring about a full reconciliation with Mr. Hamilton and his family."
Quick tears started to Adelaide's eyes, while a burning blush rose to her face. "I am sure it is your own money you are giving us," she said. "My father knows nothing of this. Amy has been here, and told me all about your generosity and unselfishness."
Mr. Wilde turned to his wife. "Has Mrs. George Hamilton been here in my absence? You never told me, my dear. It is not our place to question Miss Reed about this arrangement she proposes to make. I gladly accept your terms, young lady. I am tired of this life. I wish to be once more a gentleman. I said the luck would turn, my dear wife, and you see it has done so. Of course the prospect at present is not a dazzling one, but when your father is reconciled to you, we shall have your fortune, and then all will be well."
Rollica inwardly resolved that she would try to have Adelaide's fortune settled on herself, should it ever come to her. Aloud she said, "May I bring my friend Mr. Gray in? He is waiting outside. He has all the papers ready for your signature, and he can present you, Mr. Wilde, to a solicitor in Hartley who will on his recommendation take you into his office."
"Yes, please invite the gentleman in. It is very good of him to interest himself in my affairs."
So the papers were signed, and the business finally arranged, and Rollica returned to Astley feeling happier than she had done for weeks past. She told Amy and George the result of the visit to Milwall. They were much surprised and touched to learn that Rollica had been carrying out Bathsheba's wishes as well as her own, and they promised that they would go and see Mr. and Mrs. Wilde in their new home, and try to help them to retrieve the position with the family they had lost.

When Kate, a few days afterwards, was commenting to George on Rollica's cleverness and cunning in being so friendly with Bathsheba, he told her what had been done for Adelaide and her husband.
"Rollica has shamed us all by her behaviour," he said warmly. "Amy and I think very highly of her. Indeed, I believe Amy loves her as a sister, so please utter no more such sharp speeches in our presence, for you will only make Amy seriously angry, and do Rollica no harm."
Kate kept the information George gave her concerning her sister to herself, not telling even her mother, who would have been glad enough of any certain news of her elder daughter.
The days had grown much longer now, and Rollica often walked in to Astley to spend an hour with Amy. Rollica's position was not much improved in The Moat. Mrs. Hamilton never made any allusion to her disobedience on the day Bathsheba died, and now that she refused any further dress allowance from Mr. Hamilton, having money enough of her own, Kate's special grievance was removed.
Mother and daughter sincerely wished Rollica would leave The Moat and take lodgings for herself in some distant town, and they regarded with disfavour her friendship with George and his wife, fearing Rollica might rent rooms in Astley.
Rollica felt all this, and more lonely than ever now Bathsheba was gone, she determined, notwithstanding Mr. Hamilton's increased kindness to her, that she would go to London or Paris. She hoped she might find some of her mother's friends in Paris who would help her.
In no very enviable frame of mind, Rollica set out one afternoon for a long walk, intending to take tea with Amy on her way back through Astley. She soon left the town behind her, and found herself on the road to The Hall. Not wishing to meet Mrs. Douglass or her son, she turned down a quiet lane which ran to the right of the main thoroughfare. When she had proceeded some distance she became conscious that it was a very lonely place, and a sudden unaccountable feeling of nervousness overcame her.
There was no sunshine, and the heavy black clouds overhead had not a break in them. Was it going to rain, and she so far from home without an umbrella? She stood still for a moment, almost afraid to retrace her steps along that lonely, dark way. As she hesitated thus, a large black body rushed up against her, almost knocking her down. She uttered a faint, terrified little scream, and staggered to one side.
A man's voice said sternly, "Down, Pluto!" and then the man himself stood close beside her. "Oh Oscar!" she cried, relief and gladness and unmistakable affection in her accents.
"My dearest!" he answered, as his arms closed round her.
After a silence of some minutes, she raised her head and looked at the big dog lying amicably at her feet.
"He did frighten me," she said, with a quivering smile.
"This is a very lonely road. You should not have come here by yourself. You are trembling still. Will you return with me to The Hall and let our mother pet her little daughter once again? She has been longing to see you, and I----" 
"Her daughter? I didn't say...." Then she stopped short, and a lovely, happy blush rose to her white cheeks.
"Then say it now. Say you will be my wife," he said as he stooped and touched her forehead with his lips.
"Yes, I will be you wife," she whispered.
He smiled. "You are mine now, my own for ever. Nothing can part us. Some day you must tell me why you rejected me that night in the yew walk, but I will wait for the explanation till you are my wife."
Rollica felt overwhelmed by his masterful tone and the firm clasp of his arms, but she was so happy, oh, so happy!
"Come, I suppose we must not stand here any longer. The rain will be on us, and I see you are not prepared for it. We will soon be at The Hall."
"I would rather go back to The Moat now," Rollica said, lifting her eyes pleadingly. "Tomorrow I will see Mrs. Douglass."
He returned her glance for an instant, and then he replied, only half satisfied, "Well, you must have your way. I will take you back to The Moat now, and see Mr. Hamilton as I pass through Astley on my return home."
What a walk that was. No rain fell; the clouds parted, and tiny gleams of sunshine illumined the road that had been so dark and dismal. Little smiles came and went round Rollica's mouth, no matter how she endeavoured to restrain them, and the glad blush lingered on her cheek and the glad light in her eyes.
It was a radiant Rollica who walked beside her fiancé, and the man's heart leaped up within him as he noted it, and the joy he felt showed itself plainly in his whole bearing. Rollica had had sorrow and trouble. Existence with the Hamiltons was taking her youth from her, but now she was his own she would bloom out afresh in all her girlish loveliness.
When Rollica entered the breakfast parlour at The Moat to bring a book up to her own room, she found Kate in tears, a pile of bills before her.
"I thought you were out, and that I might stay here in peace," was the ungracious greeting Rollica received.
"I have only just come in, and it is such a lovely day that a walk would do you good."
"Evidently you have found something outside to please you," replied Kate half curiously, as she saw Rollica's happy, rosy face. "We are not all so fortunate as you have been lately. See here, I owe my dressmaker and milliner nearly a hundred pounds. I have never had quite enough money to pay her at anyone time, so the bills have accumulated. I daren't tell father. He was always strict about debts, and there is no use in appealing to mother. I don't know what I am to do."
Rollica listened in silence. Then because of her own overflowing happiness more perhaps than for any other reason, she ran up to her room, brought her chequebook down, and handed Kate a cheque for one hundred pounds.
"There," she said gently; "if you will accept that from me, you will give me much pleasure."
Of course Kate accepted it, and said to herself when she was alone again, "She's not half bad. But why shouldn't I have some of her money as well as Adelaide who doesn't deserve it? And what is this hundred to the two thousand she settled on my beautiful sister?"

When Mr. Hamilton announced to his wife and daughter that Rollica was engaged to be married to Oscar Douglass, there were outward congratulations from his family, but inward mortification and indignation; and when Mrs. Douglass came to see her "dear little daughter," Mrs. Hamilton was barely civil to her.
Oscar had urged an early wedding, and as there was no good reason for refusing the request Rollica consented. Amy declared that the bride-elect must spend most of the intervening time with her, in order to have her dresses properly attended to. So Rollica went on a visit of indefinite length to The Laurels, where Oscar saw her every day, and frequently carried her off with her host and hostess to The Hall.

"I think this is a lovely world," said Rollica one morning to her husband, as they sat together in the window of the summer parlour looking out on the beds brilliant with geraniums and roses, and many other brightly-coloured flowers. "Mr. Hamilton has become reconciled to Adelaide and her husband, and Mrs. Hamilton looks ever so much happier."
"James Wilde has kept his promise. He is steady and respectable now, I hear."
"Oh yes, and Adelaide and I are friends. She never was unkind to me, you know. Indeed I don't remember now that I ever was uncomfortable at The Moat. Very likely I would have had a pleasant enough time there if I had always tried to make my life foursquare."
He smiled lovingly on her. "Perhaps," he said. "What did Mr. Hamilton say to you when he found out that you had disobeyed his orders, and assisted Adelaide?"
"He scolded me a little at first, but I told him that I had never promised to obey him. He gave up scolding me after that, and it all came right."
Oscar laughed in much amusement. "I suppose he discovered that there was no use in arguing with you or scolding you. You would do what you thought right."
"Oh, I am not a determined person at all, I never was," she answered innocently. "Isn't it lovely when everything ends well? I wish Bathsheba could see and hear me now. She said I would be happy after a while."
"She is happy now herself."
"Yes -- oh yes!"

THE END


More Christian books from White Tree Publishing are on the next pages, some of which are available as both eBooks and paperbacks. More Christian books than those shown here are available in non-fiction and fiction, for adults and younger readers. The full list of published and forthcoming books is on our website www.whitetreepublishing.com. Please visit there regularly for updates.

White Tree Publishing publishes mainstream evangelical Christian literature in paperback and eBook formats, for people of all ages. We aim to make our eBooks available free for all eBook devices, but some distributors will only list our books free at their discretion, and may make a small charge for some titles -- but they are still great value!

We rely on our readers to tell their families, friends and churches about our books. Social media is a great way of doing this. Take a look at our range of fiction and non-fiction books and pass the word on. You can even contact your Christian TV or radio station to let them know about these books. Also, please write a positive review if you are able.

Christian non-fiction

Christian Fiction

Younger Readers

Return to Table of Contents





Christian Non-fiction



Four short books of help in the Christian life:

So, What Is a Christian? An introduction to a personal faith. Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9927642-2-7, eBook ISBN: 978-0-9933941-2-6

Starting Out -- help for new Christians of all ages. Paperback ISBN 978-1-4839-622-0-7, eBook ISBN: 978-0-9933941-0-2

Help! -- Explores some problems we can encounter with our faith. Paperback ISBN 978-0-9927642-2-7, eBook ISBN: 978-0-9933941-1-9

Running Through the Bible -- a simple understanding of what's in the Bible -- Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9927642-6-5, eBook ISBN: 978-0-9933941-3-3



Be Still
Bible Words of Peace and Comfort

There may come a time in our lives when we want to concentrate on God's many promises of peace and comfort. The Bible readings in this book are for people who need to know what it means to be held securely in the Lord's loving arms.
Rather than selecting single verses here and there, each reading in this book is a run of several verses. This gives a much better picture of the whole passage in which a favourite verse may be found.
As well as being for personal use, these readings are intended for sharing with anyone in special need, to help them draw comfort from the reading and prayer for that date. Bible reading and prayer are the two most important ways of getting to know and trust Jesus Christ, our Lord and Saviour.
The reference to the verses for the day are given, for you to look up and read in your preferred Bible translation.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9933941-4-0

Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9932760-7-1
116 pages   5x7.8 inches



A Previously Unpublished Book
The Simplicity of the Incarnation
J Stafford Wright
Foreword by J I Packer

"I believe in ... Jesus Christ ... born of the Virgin Mary." A beautiful stained glass image, or a medical reality? This is the choice facing Christians today. Can we truly believe that two thousand years ago a young woman, a virgin named Mary, gave birth to the Son of God? The answer is simple: we can.
The author says, "In these days many Christians want some sensible assurance that their faith makes sense, and in this book I want to show that it does."
In this uplifting book from a previously unpublished and recently discovered manuscript, J Stafford Wright investigates the reality of the incarnation, looks at the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus, and helps the reader understand more of the Trinity and the certainty of eternal life in heaven.
This book was written shortly before the author's death in 1985. The Simplicity of the Incarnation is published for the first time, unedited, from his final draft.

eBook ISBN 13: 978-0-9932760-5-7
Paperback ISBN: 9-780-9525-9563-2
160 pages 5.25 x 8 inches
Available from bookstores and major internet sellers



Bible People Real People
An Unforgettable A-Z of Who is Who in the Bible

In a fascinating look at real people, J Stafford Wright shows his love and scholarly knowledge of the Bible as he brings the characters from its pages to life in a memorable way. 
Read this book through from A to Z, like any other title
Dip in and discover who was who in personal Bible study
Check the names when preparing a talk or sermon
The good, the bad, the beautiful and the ugly – no one is spared. This is a book for everyone who wants to get to grips with the reality that is in the pages of the Bible, the Word of God.
With the names arranged in alphabetical order, the Old and New Testament characters are clearly identified so that the reader is able to explore either the Old or New Testament people on the first reading, and the other Testament on the second.
Those wanting to become more familiar with the Bible will find this is a great introduction to the people inhabiting the best selling book in the world, and those who can quote chapter and verse will find everyone suddenly becomes much more real – because these people are real. This is a book to keep handy and refer to frequently while reading the Bible.
"For students of my generation the name Stafford Wright was associated with the spiritual giants of his generation. Scholarship and integrity were the hallmarks of his biblical teaching. He taught us the faith and inspired our discipleship of Christ. To God be the Glory." The Rt. Rev. James Jones, Bishop of Liverpool
This is a lively, well-informed study of some great Bible characters. Professor Gordon Wenham MA PhD. Tutor in Old Testament at Trinity College Bristol and Emeritus Professor of Old Testament at the University of Gloucestershire.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9932760-7-1
Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-5-6
314 pages 6x9 inches
Note: This book is not available in all eBook formats



Christians and the Supernatural
J Stafford Wright

There is an increasing interest and fascination in the paranormal today. To counteract this, it is important for Christians to have a good understanding of how God sometimes acts in mysterious ways, and be able to recognize how he can use our untapped gifts and abilities in his service. We also need to understand how the enemy can tempt us to misuse these gifts and abilities, just as Jesus was tempted in the wilderness.
In this single volume of his two previously published books on the occult and the supernatural (Understanding the Supernatural and Our Mysterious God) J Stafford Wright examines some of the mysterious events we find in the Bible and in our own lives. Far from dismissing the recorded biblical miracles as folk tales, he is convinced that they happened in the way described, and explains why we can accept them as credible.
The writer says: When God the Holy Spirit dwells within the human spirit, he uses the mental and physical abilities which make up a total human being . . . The whole purpose of this book is to show that the Bible does make sense.
And this warning: The Bible, claiming to speak as the revelation of God, and knowing man's weakness for substitute religious experiences, bans those avenues into the occult that at the very least are blind alleys that obscure the way to God, and at worst are roads to destruction.

eBook ISBN 13: 978-0-9932760-4-0
Paperback ISBN 13: 9-780-9525-9564-9
222 pages 5.25 x 8 inches
Available from bookstores and major internet sellers



Howell Harris
His Own Story
Foreword by J. Stafford Wright

Howell Harris was brought up to regard the Nonconformists as "a perverted and dangerously erroneous set of people." Hardly a promising start for a man who was to play a major role in the Welsh Revival. Yet in these extracts from his writings and diaries we can read the thoughts of Howell Harris before, during and after his own conversion.
We can see God breaking through the barriers separating "church and chapel", and discover Christians of different denominations preparing the country for revival. Wesley, Whitefield, Harris. These great 18th century preachers worked both independently and together to preach the Living Gospel. This book is a vivid first-hand account of the joys, hardships and struggles of one of these men -- Howell Harris (1714-1773).

eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9933941-9-5



From the Streets of London
to the Streets of Gold

The Life Story of
Brother Clifford Edwards
A True Story of Love
by
Brother Clifford Edwards

eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9933941-8-8

A printed copy is available directly from Brother Clifford -- thejesusbus@hotmail.co.uk

This is the personal story of Clifford Edwards, affectionately known as Brother Clifford by his many friends. Going from fame to poverty, he was sleeping on the streets of London with the homeless for twenty years, until Jesus rescued him and gave him an amazing mission in life. Brother Clifford tells his true story here in the third person, giving the glory to Jesus.



Seven Steps to
Walking in Victory

Lin Wills

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9957594-3-5

Also available as a booklet
www.lenandlin.com

How is your Christian life going? Finding it hard and not sure why? Wherever you might be, Seven Steps to Walking in Victory is a very short book to help you see where you are in the Christian life, and help you keep on the right path to the victory that comes through walking closely with Jesus -- to live the Christian life you always wanted to live!



Seven Keys to
Unlock Your Calling

Lin Wills

eBook ISBN: 978-1-9997899-2-3

Also available as a booklet
www.lenandlin.com

God has a special plan for each and every one of us -- that includes YOU! He has given all of us unique gifts. Not sure what that might mean for you? Seven Keys to Unlock Your Calling is a very short book that will help you discover how to explore those gifts and encourage you to go deeper into all that God has for you.



English Hexapla
The Gospel of John
(Paperback only)

Published to coincide with the 400th anniversary of the Authorized King James Version of the Bible, this book contains the full text of Bagster's assembled work for the Gospel of John. On each page in parallel columns are the words of the six most important translations of the New Testament into English, made between 1380 and 1611. Below the English is the original Greek text after Scholz.
To enhance the reading experience, there is an introduction telling how we got our English Bibles, with significant pages from early Bibles shown at the end of the book.
Here is an opportunity to read English that once split the Church by giving ordinary people the power to discover God's word for themselves. Now you can step back in time and discover those words and spellings for yourself, as they first appeared hundreds of years ago.

Wyclif 1380, Tyndale 1534, Cranmer 1539, Geneva 1557,
Douay Rheims 1582, Authorized (KJV) 1611.

English Hexapla -- The Gospel of John
Published by White Tree Publishing
Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-1-8
Size 7.5 x 9.7 inches paperback
Not available as an eBook



Roddy Goes to Church
Church Life and Church People
Derek Osborne

No, not a children's book! An affectionate, optimistic look at church life involving, as it happens, Roddy and his friends who live in a small town. Problems and opportunities related to change and outreach are not, of course, unique to their church!
Maybe you know Miss Prickly-Cat who pointedly sits in the same pew occupied by generations of her forebears, and perhaps know many of the characters in this look at church life today. A wordy Archdeacon comes on the scene, and Roddy is taken aback by the events following his first visit to church. Roddy's best friend Bushy-Beard says wise things, and he hears an enlightened Bishop . . .
Bishop David Pytches writes: A unique spoof on church life. Will you recognise yourself and your church here? ... Derek Osborne's mind here is insightful, his characters graphic and typical and the style acutely comical, but there is a serious message in his madness. Buy this, read it and enjoy!
David Pytches, Chorleywood

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9935005-0-3

Paperback ISBN: 978-09927642-0-3
46 pages 5.5 x 8.5 inches paperback UK £3.95
Available from bookstores and major internet sellers



Heaven Our Home
William Branks
White Tree Publishing Abridged Edition

"I go to prepare a place for you." This well-known promise from Jesus must cause us to think about the reality of heaven. Heaven is to be our home for ever. Where is heaven? What is it like? Will I recognize people there? All who are Christians must surely want to hear about the place where they are to spend eternity. In this abridged edition of William Branks classic work of 1861, we discover what the Bible has to say about heaven. There may be a few surprises, and there are certainly some challenges as we explore a subject on which there seems to be little teaching and awareness today.

eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9933941-8-8



I See Men as Trees, Walking
Roger and Janet Niblett

Roger and Janet Niblett were just an ordinary English couple, but then they met the Lord and their lives were totally transformed. Like the Bethlehem shepherds of old, they had a compulsion to share the same good news that Jesus Christ had come into the world to save sinners. Empowered by the Holy Spirit they proclaimed the gospel in the market place, streets, prisons, hospitals and churches with a vibrancy that only comes from being in direct touch with the Almighty and being readily available to serve Him as a channel of His grace and love. God was with them and blessed their ministry abundantly. Praise God! (Pastor Mervyn Douglas, Clevedon Family Church)

The story of Roger Niblett is an inspiration to all who serve the Lord. He was a prolific street evangelist, whose impact on the gospel scene was a wonder to behold. It was my privilege to witness his conversion, when he went forward to receive Christ at the Elim Church, Keynsham. The preacher was fiery Scottish evangelist Rev'd Alex Tee. It was not long before Roger too caught that same soul winner's fire which propelled him far and wide, winning multitudes for Christ. Together with his wife Janet, they proceeded to "Tell the World of Jesus". (Des Morton, Founder Minister of Keynsham Elim Church)

I know of no couple who have been more committed to sharing their faith from the earliest days of their journey with the Lord Jesus Christ. Along the way, at home and abroad, and with a tender heart for the marginalised, Rog and Jan have introduced multitudes to the Saviour and have inspired successive generations of believers to do the same. It was our joy and privilege to have them as part of the family at Trinity where Janet continues to serve in worship and witness. Loved by young and old alike, they will always have a special place in our hearts. (Andy Paget, Trinity Tabernacle, Bristol. Vice President, International Gospel Outreach)

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9935005-1-0 

Also available as a paperback
(published by Gozo Publishing Bristol)
paperback ISBN: 978-1508674979



Leaves from
My Notebook
New Abridged Edition
William Haslam
(1818-1905)

You may have heard of the clergyman who was converted while preaching his own sermon! Well, this is man -- William Haslam. It happened in Cornwall one Sunday in 1851. He later wrote his autobiography in two books: From Death into Life and Yet not I. Here, in Leaves from my NoteBook, William Haslam writes about events and people not present in his autobiography. They make fascinating and challenging reading as we watch him sharing his faith one to one or in small groups, with dramatic results. Haslam was a man who mixed easily with titled gentry and the poorest of the poor, bringing the message of salvation in a way that people were ready to accept. This book has been lightly edited and abridged to make reading easier today by using modern punctuation and avoiding over-long sentences. William Haslam's amazing message is unchanged.

Original book first published 1889
eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9935005-2-7



Blunt's Scriptural Coincidences
Gospels and Acts
J. J. Blunt
New Edition

This book will confirm (or restore) your faith in the Gospel records. Clearly the Gospels were not invented. There is too much unintentional agreement between them for this to be so. Undesigned coincidences are where writers tell the same account, but from a different viewpoint. Without conspiring together to get their accounts in agreement, they include unexpected (and often unnoticed) details that corroborate their records. Not only are these unexpected coincidences found within the Gospels, but sometimes a historical writer unknowingly and unintentionally confirms the Bible record.
Within these pages you will see just how accurate were the memories of the Gospel writers -- even of the smallest details which on casual reading can seem of little importance, yet clearly point to eyewitness accounts. J.J. Blunt spent many years investigating these coincidences. And here they are, as found in the four Gospels and Acts.

First published in instalments between 1833 and 1847
The edition used here published in 1876

eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9935005-5-8



Fullness of Power
in Christian Life and Service

Home and Group Questions for Today Edition

R. A. Torrey
Questions by Chuck Antone, Jr.

This is a White Tree Publishing Home and Group Questions for Today Edition. At the end of each chapter are questions for use either in your personal study, or for sharing in a church or home group. Why? Because: "From many earnest hearts there is rising a cry for more power: more power in our personal conflict with the world, the flesh, and the devil; more power in our work for others. The Bible makes the way to obtain this longed-for power very plain. There is no presumption in undertaking to tell how to obtain Fullness of Power in Christian life and service; for the Bible itself tells, and the Bible was intended to be understood. R. A. Torrey (1856-1928) was an American evangelist, pastor, educator, and writer whose name is attached to several organisations, and whose work is still well known today.
"The Bible statement of the way is not mystical or mysterious. It is very plain and straightforward. If we will only make personal trial of The Power of the Word of God; The Power of the Blood of Christ; The Power of the Holy Spirit; The Power of Prayer; The Power of a Surrendered Life; we will then know the Fullness of Power in Christian life and service. We will try to make this plain in the following chapters. There are many who do not even know that there is a life of abiding rest, joy, satisfaction, and power; and many others who, while they think there must be something beyond the life they know, are in ignorance as to how to obtain it. This book is also written to help them." (Torrey's Introduction.)

eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9935005-8-9 



Ebenezer and Ninety-Eight Friends
Musings on Life, Scripture
and the Hymns
by
Marty Magee

Samuel, Mephibosheth, and a woman on death row -- people telling of our Savior's love. A chicken, a dinosaur, and a tarantula -- just a few props to show how we can serve God and our neighbors. Peanut butter, pinto beans and grandmother's chow-chow -- merely tools to help share the Bread of Life. These are just a few of the characters in Ebenezer and Ninety-Eight Friends.

It is Marty's desire to bring the hymns out of their sometimes formal, Sunday best stuffy setting and into our Monday through Friday lives. At the same time, she presents a light object lesson and appropriate Scripture passage. This is done with the format of a devotion book, yet it has a light tone and style.  From Ebenezer to Willie, Marty's characters can scarcely be contained within the pages of this whimsical yet insightful volume.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9957594-1-1

Also in paperback
from Rickety Bridge Publishing
ISBN: 978-0-9954549-1-0
Available from bookstores and major internet sellers

ALSO BY MARTY MAGEE



Twenty-five Days Around the Manger
A Light Family Advent Devotional
Marty Magee

Will a purple bedroom help Marty's misgivings about Christmas?
As a kid, Martha Evans didn't like Christmas. Sixty years later, she still gets a little uneasy when this holiday on steroids rolls around. But she knows, when all the tinsel is pulled away, Whose Day it is. Now Marty Magee, she is blessed with five grandchildren who help her not take herself too seriously. 
Do you know the angel named Herald? Will young Marty survive the embarrassment of her Charley Brown Christmas tree? And by the way, where's the line to see Jesus?
Twenty-Five Days Around the Manger goes from Marty's mother as a little girl awaiting her brother's arrival, to O Holy Night when our souls finally were able to feel their full worth. 
This and much more. Join Marty around the manger this Advent season.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-1-0

Also in full colour paperback
from Rickety Bridge Publishing
ISBN: 978-1-4923248-0-5
Available from bookstores and major internet sellers



The Gospels and Acts
In Simple Paraphrase
with Helpful Explanations
together with
Running Through the Bible

Chris Wright

White Tree Publishing presents a paraphrase in today's English of passages from the four Gospels -- Matthew, Mark, Luke and John -- relating Jesus' birth, life, death and resurrection in one continuous narrative with helpful explanations, plus a paraphrase of events from the book of Acts. Also in this book is a brief summary of the Epistles and Revelation. For readers unfamiliar with the New Testament, this book makes a valuable introduction, and it will surely help those familiar with the New Testament to gain some extra knowledge and understanding as they read it. Please note that this is not a translation of the Bible. It is a careful and sensitive paraphrase of parts of the New Testament, and is not intended to be quoted as Scripture. Part 2 is a short introduction to the whole Bible -- Running Through the Bible -- which is available from White Tree Publishing as a separate eBook and paperback.

Translators and others involved in foreign mission work, please note: If you believe that this copyright book, or part of this book, would be useful if translated into another language, please contact White Tree Publishing (wtpbristol@gmail.com). Permission will be free, and assistance in formatting and publishing your new translation as an eBook and/or a paperback may be available, also without charge. 

Superb! I have never read anything like it. It is colloquially worded in a succinct, clear style with a brilliant (and very helpful) running commentary interspersed. I have found it a compelling read -- and indeed spiritually engaging and moving. Canon Derek Osborne, Norfolk, England.

eBook only
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9935005-9-6



Faith that Prevails
The Early Pentecostal Movement
Home and Group Questions for Today Edition

Smith Wigglesworth
Study Questions by Chuck Antone, Jr.

This is a White Tree Publishing Home and Group Questions for Today Edition. At the end of each of the seven chapters are questions by Chuck Antone, Jr. for use either in your personal study, or for sharing in a church or home group. Why? Because Smith Wigglesworth, often referred to as the Apostle of Faith, putting the emphasis on the work of the Holy Spirit, writes, "God is making people hungry and thirsty after His best. And everywhere He is filling the hungry and giving them that which the disciples received at the very beginning. Are you hungry? If you are, God promises that you shall be filled."
Smith Wigglesworth was one of the pioneers of the early Pentecostal revival. Born in 1859 he gave himself to Jesus at the age of eight and immediately led his mother to the Lord. His ministry took him to Europe, the US, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, the Pacific Islands, India and what was then Ceylon. Smith Wigglesworth's faith was unquestioning.
In this book, he says, "There is nothing impossible with God. All the impossibility is with us, when we measure God by the limitations of our unbelief."

eBook only
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-4-1



The Authority and
Interpretation
of the Bible

J Stafford Wright

When we start to think about God, we soon come to a point where we say, "I can discover nothing more about God by myself. I must see whether He has revealed anything about Himself, about His character, and about the way to find Him and to please Him." From the beginning, the Christian church has believed that certain writings were the Word of God in a unique sense. Before the New Testament was compiled, Christians accepted the Old Testament as their sacred Book. Here they were following the example of Christ Himself. During His ministry Jesus Christ made great use of the Old Testament, and after His resurrection He spent some time in teaching His disciples that every section of the Old Testament had teachings in it concerning Himself. Any discussion of the inspiration of the Bible gives place sooner or later to a discussion of its interpretation. To say that the Bible is true, or infallible, is not sufficient: for it is one thing to have an infallible Book, and quite another to use it. J Stafford Wright was a greatly respected evangelical theologian and author, and former Principal of Tyndale Hall Theological College, Bristol.

eBook only
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-9-6



Psalms,
A Guide Psalm By Psalm
J Stafford Wright

The Bible Psalms. Do you see them as a source of comfort? A help in daily living? A challenge? Or perhaps something to study in depth? Psalms, a Guide Psalm by Psalm will meet all these requirements, and more. It is an individual study guide that can be used for daily reading in conjunction with your own Bible. It is also a resource for group study, with brief questions for study and discussion. And it's a Bible commentary, dealing with the text of each Psalm section by section.

eBook only
eBook ISBN 978-0-9957594-2-8



The Christian's Secret
of a Happy Life

Hannah Whitall Smith

White Tree Publishing Edition

Christian and happy? Do these two words fit comfortably together? Is our Christian life a burden or a pleasure? Is our quiet time with the Lord a duty or a delight? The Christian's Secret of a Happy Life was first written by Hannah Whitall Smith as monthly instalments for an American magazine. Hannah was brought up as a Quaker, and became the feisty wife of a preacher. By the time she wrote The Christian's Secret of a Happy Life she had already lost three children. Her life was not easy, with her husband being involved in a sexual scandal and eventually losing his faith. So, Christian and happy? An alternative title for this book could have been The Christian's Secret of a Trusting Life.
How often, Hannah asks, do we bring our burdens to the Lord, as He told us to, only to take them home with us again? There are some wonderful and challenging chapters in this book, which Hannah revised throughout her life, as she came to see that the truth is in the Bible, not in our feelings. Fact, faith and feelings come in that order. As Hannah points out several times, feelings come last. The teaching in this book is firmly Scripture based, as Hannah insists that there is more to the Christian life than simply passing through the gate of salvation. There is a journey ahead for us, where every step we take should be consecrated to bring us closer and closer to God, day by day, and year by year.

eBook only
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9957594-6-6



Every-Day Religion

Hannah Whitall Smith

White Tree Publishing Edition

How are we to live out our Christian lives every day? This book isn't about everyday (ordinary) religion, but about a living faith that changes our lives day by day. Hannah Whitall Smith had to live her life based on her trust in Scripture and the promises of God. In 1875, after the loss of three children, and her husband suffering a mental breakdown after being accused of infidelity, she was able to write The Christian's Secret of a Happy Life, in which she showed that it is possible to find peace with the Lord, no matter what life throws at us, through trusting in His promises.

In 1894, after the death of yet another child, with her three surviving children professing atheism, and her husband losing his faith, Hannah's trust in the Lord Jesus is still so strong that she is able to write in her introduction to her Scripture-based Every-Day Religion, that the purpose of the book is, "To bring out, as far as possible, the common-sense teaching of the Bible in regard to every-day religion. ... How to have inward peace in the midst of outward turmoil."

eBook only
ISBN: 978-1-9997899-0-9



Haslam’s Journey

Chris Wright
White Tree Publishing Edition
Previously published 2005 by Highland Books
 
If you only intend to read just one Christian book, this should be the one! You may have heard of the clergyman who was converted while preaching his own sermon. Well, William Haslam is that man. It happened in Cornwall one Sunday in 1851, and revival immediately broke out. Later, another of William Haslam’s “famous” sermons will cause a mass walkout of assembled clergy in St Paul’s Cathedral! Once he starts to preach the Gospel with zeal, you can rejoice over powerful conversions in nearly every chapter.
Haslam’s Journey consists of selected passages from William Haslam’s two autobiographies: From Death Into Life (published 1880, his Cornish ministry) and Yet Not I (published 1882, set mostly in Bath, Norfolk and London), abridged and lightly modernised. Just under half of the originals is included. With copious notes and appendices by Chris Wright, editor of Haslam’s Leaves also from White Tree Publishing. William Haslam writes with humour and great insight.
William Haslam writes about his early life: “I did not see then, as I have since, that turning over a new leaf to cover the past is not by any means the same thing as turning back the old leaves and getting them washed in the blood of the Lamb. I thought my acceptance with God depended upon my works. This made me very diligent in prayer, fasting and alms deeds. I often sat and dreamed about the works of mercy and devotion I would do.”

eBook only
ISBN: 978-1-9997899-8-5



My Life and Work

Gipsy Smith

White Tree Publishing Edition

Rodney “Gipsy” Smith was born in a gipsy tent in Epping Forest, England. He was the son of gipsies, Cornelius Smith and his wife Mary. Growing up, he had to help support the family by making and selling items like clothes pegs around the area. He only had a few weeks at school one winter, and was unable to read or write. One day his father Cornelius came home to say that he had been converted, and was now a Christian. Cornelius helped bring his son to the Lord, and from that moment, Rodney wanted to share the way of salvation with others.
Now followed a difficult time, because he knew that in order to preach to others, he had to be able to read the Bible, both for himself and aloud to others. He writes, “I began to practise preaching. One Sunday I entered a turnip field and preached most eloquently to the turnips. I had a very large and most attentive congregation. Not one of them made an attempt to move away.” When he started preaching to people, and came across a long word in the Bible he was unable to read, he says he stopped at the long word and spoke on what had gone before, and started reading again at the word after the long one!
Gipsy Smith quickly learnt to read fluently and was soon into fulltime evangelism, where he soon became known as Gipsy Smith, a name he accepted gladly. He joined the Salvation Army for a time, until being told to resign. Instead of this being a setback, he now took up a much wider sphere of work in England, before travelling to America and Australia where he became a much-loved preacher. In spite of meeting two American presidents at the White House, and other important figures in society, Gipsy Smith never forgot his roots. He never pretended to be anything other than a Gipsy boy, and was always pleased to come across other Gipsy families in his travels. Like Billy Bray and others uneducated writers, Gipsy Smith tells the story of his life in a simple and compelling way. This is the account written by a man who gave himself fully to the Lord, and was used to help lead thousands to Jesus Christ as their Saviour.
eBook only
ISBN: 978-1-9997899-4-7



Evangelistic Talks

Gipsy Smith

White Tree Publishing Edition

This book is a selection of 19 talks given by Gipsy Smith which will provide inspirational reading, and also be a source of help for those who speak. There are also 20 “two-minute sermonnettes” as the last chapter! Rodney “Gipsy” Smith was born in a gipsy tent in Epping Forest, England. He was the son of gipsies, Cornelius Smith and his wife Mary. Growing up, he had to help support the family by making and selling items like clothes pegs around the area. He only had a few weeks at school one winter, and was unable to read or write. One day his father Cornelius came home to say that he had been converted, and was now a Christian. Cornelius helped bring his son to the Lord, and from that moment, Rodney wanted to share the way of salvation with others.
He quickly learnt to read fluently and was soon into fulltime evangelism, where he became known as Gipsy Smith, a name he accepted gladly. He preached throughout England, before travelling to America and Australia. Wherever he went he was a much-loved and powerful preacher, bringing thousands to the Lord. 

eBook only
ISBN: 978-1-9997899-7-8



Living in the Sunshine:
The God of All Comfort

Hannah Whitall Smith

White Tree Publishing Edition

Hannah Smith, who suffered so much in her personal life, has an amazing Bible-based grasp of God's love for each of us. She writes in this book: "Why, I ask myself, should the children of God lead such utterly uncomfortable Christian lives when He has led us to believe that His yoke would be easy and His burden light? Why are we tormented with so many spiritual doubts, and such heavy spiritual anxieties? Why do we find it so hard to be sure that God really loves us?
"But here, perhaps, you will meet me with the words, 'Oh, no, I do not blame the Lord, but I am so weak and so foolish, and so ignorant that I am not worthy of His care.' But do you not know that sheep are always weak, and helpless, and silly; and that the very reason they are compelled to have a shepherd to care for them is just because they are so unable to take care of themselves? Their welfare and their safety, therefore, do not in the least depend upon their own strength, nor upon their own wisdom, nor upon anything in themselves, but wholly and entirely upon the care of their shepherd. And if you are a sheep, your welfare also must depend altogether upon your Shepherd, and not at all upon yourself!"

Note: This is Hannah Smith's final book. It was first published as Living in the Sunshine, and later republished as The God of All Comfort, the title of the third chapter. The edition used here is the British edition of Living in the Sunshine, dated 1906.
eBook only
ISBN: 978-1-9997899-3-0

Paperback out now
eBook coming February 26 2018



I Can’t Help Praising the Lord
The Life of Billy Bray

FW Bourne and
Chris Wright

White Tree Publishing Edition

This challenging and often amusing book on the life of Billy Bray (1794-1868) has a very strong message for Christians today. Billy, a Cornish tin miner, believed and accepted the promises in the Bible, and lived a life that was Spirit filled.
FW Bourne, the writer of the original book, The King’s Son, knew Billy Bray as a friend. In it he has used Billy’s own writing, the accounts of others who had met Billy, and his own memories.
Chris Wright has revised and edited FW Bourne’s book to produce this new edition, adding sections directly from Billy Bray’s own Journal, keeping Billy’s rough and ready grammar and wording, which surely helps us picture the man.
eBook
ISBN: 978-1-9997899-4-7

Paperback ISBN: 9785-203447-7-5
5x8 inches 80 pages
Available from major internet stores
Also on sale in Billy Bray’s Chapel
Kerley Downs, Cornwall

Christian Fiction



The Lost Clue
Mrs. O. F. Walton
Abridged Edition
A Romantic Mystery
With modern line drawings

Living the life of a wealthy man, Kenneth Fortescue receives devastating news from his father. But he is only able to learn incomplete facts about his past, because a name has been obliterated from a very important letter. Two women are vying for Kenneth's attention -- Lady Violet, the young daughter of Lady Earlswood, and Marjorie Douglas, the daughter of a widowed parson's wife.



Written in 1905 by the much-loved author Mrs. O. F. Walton, this edition has been lightly abridged and edited to make it easier to read and understand today. This romantic mystery story gives an intriguing glimpse into the class extremes that existed in Edwardian England, with wealthy titled families on one side, and some families living in terrible poverty on the other.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9932760-2-6



Doctor Forester
Mrs. O. F. Walton
Abridged Edition
A Romantic Mystery
with modern line drawings

Doctor Forester, a medical man only twenty-five years old, has come to a lonely part of Wales to escape from an event in his recent past that has caused him much hurt. So he has more on his mind than worrying about strange noises behind his bedroom wall in the old castle where he is staying.
A young woman who shares part of the journey with him is staying in the same village. He is deeply attracted to her, and believes that she is equally attracted to him. But he soon has every reason to think that his old school friend Jack is also courting her.
Written and taking place in the early 1900s, this romantic mystery is a mix of excitement and heartbreak. What is the secret of Hildick Castle? And can Doctor Forester rid himself of the past that now haunts his life?



Mrs. O. F. Walton was a prolific writer in the late 1800s, and this abridged edition captures all of the original writer's insight into what makes a memorable story. With occasional modern line drawings.
* * *
Ghosts of the past kept flitting through his brain. Dark shadows which he tried to chase away seemed to pursue him. Here these ghosts were to be laid; here those shadows were to be dispelled; here that closed chapter was to be buried for ever. So he fought long and hard with the phantoms of the past until the assertive clock near his bedroom door announced that it was two o'clock.
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9932760-0-2



Was I Right?
Mrs. O. F. Walton
Abridged Edition
A Victorian Romance
With modern line drawings

May Lindsay and her young stepsister Maggie are left penniless and homeless when their father the local doctor dies. Maggie can go to live with her three maiden aunts, but May at the age of nineteen is faced with a choice. Should she take the position of companion to a girl she doesn't know, who lives some distance away, or accept a proposal of marriage from the man who has been her friend since they were small children?
May Lindsay makes her decision, but it is not long before she wonders if she has done the right thing. This is a story of life in Victorian England as May, who has led a sheltered life, is pushed out into a much bigger world than she has previously known. She soon encounters titled families, and is taken on a tour of the Holy Land which occupies much of the story.



Two men seem to be a big disappointment to May Lindsay. Will her Christian faith hold strong in these troubles? Was she right in the decision she made before leaving home?

Mrs. O. F. Walton was a prolific writer in the late 1800s, and this abridged edition captures all of the original writer's insight into what makes a memorable story. With occasional modern line drawings.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9932760-1-9



In His Steps
Charles M. Sheldon
Abridged Edition

This new abridged edition of a classic story that has sold over an estimated 30 million copies, contains Charles Sheldon's original writing, with some passages sensitively abridged to allow his powerful story to come through for today's readers. Nothing in the storyline has been changed.
A homeless man staggers into a wealthy church and upsets the congregation. A week later he is dead. This causes the Rev. Henry Maxwell to issue a startling challenge to his congregation and to himself -- whatever you do in life over the next twelve months, ask yourself this question before making any decision: "What would Jesus do?"
The local newspaper editor, a novelist, a wealthy young woman who has inherited a million dollars, her friend who has been offered a professional singing career, the superintendent of the railroad workshops, a leading city merchant and others take up the challenge. But how will it all work out when things don't go as expected?
A bishop gives up his comfortable lifestyle -- and finds his life threatened in the city slums. The story is timeless. A great read, and a challenge to every Christian today.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9927642-9-6
Also available in paperback 254 pages 5.5 x 8.5 inches
Paperback ISBN 13: 978-19350791-8-7



A Previously Unpublished Book
Locked Door Shuttered Windows
A Novel by J Stafford Wright

What is inside the fascinating house with the locked door and the shuttered windows? Satan wants an experiment. God allows it. John is caught up in the plan as Satan's human representative. The experiment? To demonstrate that there can be peace in the world if God allows Satan to run things in his own way. A group of people gather together in an idyllic village run by Satan, with no reference to God, and no belief in him.
J Stafford Wright has written this startling and gripping account of what happens when God stands back and Satan steps forward. All seems to go well for the people who volunteer to take part. And no Christians allowed!
John Longstone lost his faith when teaching at a theological college. Lost it for good -- or so he thinks. And then he meets Kathleen who never had a faith. As the holes start to appear in Satan's scheme for peace, they wonder if they should help or hinder the plans which seem to have so many benefits for humanity.

eBook ISBN 13: 978-0-9932760-3-3
Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9927642-4-1
206 pages 5.25 x 8.0 inches
Available from bookstores and major internet sellers



When it Was Dark
Guy Thorne
Abridged Edition

What would happen to the Christian faith if it could be proved beyond all doubt that Jesus did not rise from the dead? This is the situation when, at the end of the nineteenth century, eminent archaeologists working outside Jerusalem discover a tomb belonging to Joseph of Arimathea, with an inscription claiming that he took the body of Jesus from the first tomb and hid it. And there are even remains of a body. So no resurrection!
As churches quickly empty, some Christians cling to hope, saying that Jesus lives within them, so He must be the Son of God who rose from the dead. Others are relieved that they no longer have to believe and go to church. Society starts to break down.
With the backing of a wealthy industrialist, a young curate puts together a small team to investigate the involvement of a powerful atheist in the discovery. This is an abridged edition of a novel first published in 1903. 
Guy Thorne was the English author of many thrillers in the early twentieth century, and this book was not intended specifically for the Christian market. It contains adult references in places, but no swearing or offensive language. Although it was written from a high church Anglican viewpoint, the author is positive about the various branches of the Christian faith, finding strengths and weaknesses in individual church and chapel members as their beliefs are threatened by the discovery in Jerusalem. White Tree Publishing believes this book will be a great and positive challenge to Christians today as we examine the reality of our faith.

White Tree Publishing Abridged Edition
Published jointly with North View Publishing
eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9954549-0-3



Silverbeach Manor
Margaret S. Haycraft
Abridged edition

Pansy is an orphan who is cared for by her aunt, Temperance Piper, who keeps the village post office and store. One day Pansy meets wealthy Mrs. Adair who offers to take her under her wing and give her a life of wealth in high society that she could never dream of, on condition Pansy never revisits her past life. When they first meet, Mrs. Adair says about Pansy's clothes, "The style is a little out of date, but it is good enough for the country. I should like to see you in a really well-made dress. It would be quite a new sensation for you, if you really belong to these wilds. I have a crimson and gold tea gown that would suit you delightfully, and make you quite a treasure for an artist." This is a story of rags to riches to ... well, to a life where nothing is straightforward. First published in 1891.

White Tree Publishing Abridged Edition
eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9935005-4-1



Gildas Haven
Margaret S. Haycraft
Abridged edition

For several years in the peaceful English village of Meadthorpe, the church and chapel have existed in an uneasy peace while the rector and the chapel minister are distracted by poor health. Now a young curate arrives at St Simeon's, bringing high church ritual and ways of worship. Gildas Haven, the daughter of the chapel minister is furious to discover the curate is enticing her Sunday school children away. The curate insists that his Church ways are right, and Gildas who has only known chapel worship says the opposite.
Battle lines are quickly drawn by leaders and congregations. Mary Haycraft writes with light humour and surprising insight in what could be a controversial story line. With at least one major surprise, the author seems to be digging an impossible hole for herself as the story progresses. The ending of this sensitively told romance is likely to come as a surprise.

White Tree Publishing Abridged Edition
eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9935005-7-2



Amaranth's Garden
Margaret S. Haycraft
Abridged edition

"It seems, Miss, your father drew out that money yesterday, and took it all out in gold. The Rector happened to be in the Bank at the time, but was on his way to town, and could not stop to talk to your father just then, though he wondered to hear him say he had come to draw out everything, as treasurer of the fund." Amaranth Glyn's comfortable life comes to an end when the church funds disappear. Her father, the church treasurer who drew out the money, is also missing, to be followed shortly by her mother. The disgrace this brings on the family means Amaranth's marriage plans are cancelled. Amaranth is a competent artist and moves away with her young brother to try to earn a living. There are rumours that her parents are in France and even in Peru. Caring for her sick brother, Amaranth wants life to be as it was before the financial scandal forced her to leave her family home and the garden she loved.

White Tree Publishing Abridged Edition
eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9935005-6-5



Rose Capel's Sacrifice

Margaret Haycraft

White Tree Publishing Edition

Rose and Maurice Capel find themselves living in poverty through no fault of their own, and their daughter Gwen is dangerously ill and in need of a doctor and medicine, which they cannot possibly afford. There seems to be only one option -- to offer their daughter to Maurice Capel's unmarried sister, Dorothy, living in the beautiful Welsh countryside, and be left with nothing more than memories of Gwen. Dorothy has inherited her father's fortune and cut herself off from the family. Although Gwen would be well cared for, if she got better and Rose and Maurice's finances improved, would they be able to ask for Gwen to be returned? Another story from popular Victorian writer Margaret S. Haycraft.

White Tree Publishing Abridged Edition
eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9954549-3-4



Una's Marriage

Margaret Haycraft

Una Latreille inherits the St Pensart's estate which has been in the family since the Norman Conquest. Unfortunately the estate is now bankrupt, and although still in mourning, Una's only hope of living in the style to which she has been accustomed is to marry a wealthy man, and quickly. Several suitors have disappeared after learning of the debts, and the one man who still expresses any interest in Una is Keith Broughton. Keith started work as a mill hand, and is now the young and wealthy owner of a large woollen mill. But how can she possibly marry so far beneath her class? Reluctantly, Una agrees to marriage on condition that there is no physical contact between them, and certainly no honeymoon! She also insists that she will never, ever suffer the indignity of meeting anyone in his family, or put one foot inside the door of his mill. This book was first published in 1898 by SW Partridge and Co, publishers of both Christian and secular books. Although there is no openly Christian message in this story, unlike the majority of Margaret Haycraft's books, it deals sensitively with the true nature of love -- as well as being an extremely readable story.

White Tree Publishing Edition
eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9957594-5-9



Miss Elizabeth's Niece

Margaret Haycraft

"You have scandalised your name and ours, and the only thing to do is to make the best of it, and teach Maisie at least the first principles of ladylike conduct." Trevor Stratheyre, from a wealthy and aristocratic English family, impulsively marries Maisie, a servant girl he meets while touring the Continent. Maisie's mother had died at an Italian inn, leaving three-year-old Maisie to be brought up by the landlord and his wife. She now helps as a maid at the inn and cares for the animals. Maisie is charming and affectionate, but when Trevor brings her back to Stratheyre in England as his bride, to the large estate he is expecting to inherit, it is clear that Maisie's ways are not those of the upper classes. When she tells titled guests at dinner that she was once herding some cows home and one was struck by lightning, trouble is bound to follow.
White Tree Publishing Edition
eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9957594-7-3




The Clever Miss Jancy

Margaret S. Haycraft

Miss Orabel Jancy is indeed clever, and she knows it. The oldest of widowed Squire Jancy's six children, all living at home, Orabel is the author of several scientific books, and has many letters after her name. To Orabel, education and intellectual pursuits are everything that matter in life. She is secretary of a women's intellectual club that teaches that women are superior to men, and the members have all agreed to remain single because men would hold them back in their academic goals. However, when Orabel was born, a deathbed promise was made with a friend that Orabel and the friend's son, Harold Kingdon, should be given the opportunity to marry. Nobody thinks to mention this to Orabel, and she only learns of the arrangement when she is grown up and Harold Kingdon is already on his way from India -- to propose to her! Even before Harold arrives, Orabel decides she cannot possibly marry a lowly military doctor, when she is so intelligent. As soon as they meet, the feeling of dislike is mutual. But Orabel's younger sister, Annis, who never did well in academic subjects, is also of marriageable age, and would dearly love to settle down with the right man. Their younger brother and small sisters view the developing situation with interest.

The Squire had never found courage to broach the fact of the offer to Orabel, who looks as though her blue eyes would wither the sheet of foreign notepaper in front of her.
"You know, Orabel," puts in Annis, "we did hear something long ago about papa and mamma promising somebody or other out in India should have a chance to court you."
"Oh, do say 'yes,' Orabel," pleads a chorus of little sisters. "It will be so lovely to have a wedding, and Phil can be a page and wear a fancy dress."
"Can he?" growls Philip. "I'd like to catch myself in lace and velvet like those kids at the Hemmings' last week. Orabel, I think you ought to send him your portrait. Let him know, at least, what he's wooing."
With these words Philip beats a prudent retreat, and Orabel gives utterance to such tones that Annis, trembling at her side, is almost in tears.
"Has it come to this," Orabel asks, "that I, the secretary of the Mount Athene Club, should be affronted, insulted by a letter like this? Am I not Orabel Jancy? Am I not the pioneer of a new and emancipating system? And who is this Harold Kingdon that he dares to cross my path with his jests concerning infantile betrothal?"

White Tree Publishing Edition
eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9957594-9-7



A Daughter of the King

Mrs Philip Barnes

There are the usual misunderstandings in the small village of Royden, but one year they combine to cause serious friction. An elderly lady, the embodiment of kindness, is turned out of her favourite pew by the new vicar. Young and old residents start to view each other with suspicion when a banished husband returns, allegedly to harm his wife and children as he did once before. Both Mary Grey and Elsa Knott want to marry young Gordon Pyne, who lives in the White House, but Gordon is suddenly accused of his father's murder. This is a very readable romance from 1909, with many twists and turns. It has been lightly abridged and edited. A story in the style of those by White Tree Publishing's most popular author, Margaret S. Haycraft.

White Tree Publishing Edition
eBook only
ISBN: 978-0-9957594-8-0



Keena Karmody

Eliza Kerr

Keena Karmody finishes school in London and invites her young French teacher, Marie Delorme, to stay with her on her grandfather’s estate at Céim-an-eich in Ireland as her tutor, to complete her education. One day Keena will inherit the large house and the family money. As time goes on, Marie Delorme’s stay becomes permanent as she makes secret plans to take possession of the estate. When Keena’s grandfather dies, Keena finds that he has made a very different will than the one everyone expected, and Marie is now mistress of the house. What is the shameful family secret that no one has ever discussed with Keena? Her only hope of getting her life back together lies in discovering this secret, and the answer could be with her father’s grave in Tuscany. Homeless and penniless Keena Karmody sets out for Italy.
“When she had sought out and found that grave in the distant Tuscan village, and learned the story of her father’s life and death, perhaps then death would come, and she might be laid there at his side in peace, and Marie would dwell in Céim-an-eich.”

White Tree Publishing Edition
eBook only
ISBN: 978-1-9997899-5-4



Hazel Haldene

Eliza Kerr

Two grownup sisters live under their older brother’s thumb. He is obsessed with perfect Christian doctrine and farming, and cannot see why his sisters should want any company but his own. Marie is fond of a local artist, but her brother will not allow such a marriage. Marie’s only hope of freedom is to run away and marry in secret. When she returns to the family home eight years later with a child, surely she will be welcome by a brother who professes religion. This story by Eliza Kerr again takes the theme of rejection, but her stories are all very different as well as involving.

White Tree Publishing Edition
eBook only
ISBN:

eBook coming 12th March 2018



Freda's Folly

Margaret S Haycraft

Freda Beresford is an aspiring young writer whose work is constantly rejected. Her young brother wants to go to university, but money is scarce. One day Freda receives a letter from a distant aunt, congratulating her on getting a story published in a leading literary journal. Enclosed is a large cheque and a promise to help Freda to a literary career. The money would mean that her brother can go to university, and Freda begins to feel famous at last. Unfortunately, Freda did not write the story, but she accepts the cheque and the deception starts. What begins as a light hearted novella, from one of White Tree Publishing's favourite authors of fiction, gets darker as Freda's deception has far reaching consequences. Readers will share Freda's unease as her initial deception leads her deeper and deeper towards the inevitable disgrace.

White Tree Publishing edition
eBook only
eBook ISBN: 978-1-912529-02-5


eBook coming 2nd April 2018



Sybil's Repentance

Margaret S Haycraft

Sybil Agmere, an orphan, is taken in by a loving mother with four children and a strict grandfather. The mother's brother left the family home in disgrace many years before, never to be mentioned again. Sybil calls the mother her aunt, and is concerned when the brother reappears. The grandfather changes the inheritance in his will, but Sybil, at the age of eleven, reasons that if she can destroy the latest will, justice will be done. Her aunt will inherit, and all will be well. As the years go on, as Sybil sits in the family home, she sees that destroying the will is bringing nothing but trouble, yet she cannot admit to what she did. And even if she did admit it, the past could never be changed. After being persuaded into an engagement with a most unsuitable man, Sybil sees any hope of happiness fade away. Surely it is too late to undo the years of injustice and of wrong. There are wrongs no repentance can set right.

White Tree Publishing edition
eBook only
eBook ISBN: 978-1-912529-04-9


eBook coming 14th May 2018



Sister Royal

Margaret S Haycraft

Beryl Rosslyn Aylmer, known from childhood as Bride, is suffering from seizures. Her young brother, Bonny, calls in Dr. Gildredge, but quickly realises he has made a mistake, for he takes an immediate dislike to the man. Dr. Gildredge is determined to become famous throughout Europe, and diagnoses a rare condition in Bride that he will attempt to treat, and write about it in the medical journals -- whether she recovers or not. Dr, Gildredge soon sees that the only way to keep control of Bride's treatment is to persuade her to marry him, and also stop young Bonny from seeing her. As is to be expected, the outcome is far from straightforward. This story by Margaret S Haycraft is a very readable mix of romance and revenge.

White Tree Publishing edition
eBook only
eBook ISBN: 978-1-912529-03-2


Books for Younger Readers
(and older readers too!)



The Merlin Adventure
Chris Wright
The day Daniel Talbot brought home a stuffed duck in a glass case, everyone thought he'd gone out of his mind. Even he had his doubts at times. "Fancy spending your money on that," his mother scolded him. "You needn't think it's coming into this house, because it isn't!"

When Daniel, Emma, Charlie and Julia, the Four Merlins, set out to sail their model paddle steamer on the old canal, strange and dangerous things start to happen. Then Daniel and Julia make a discovery they want to share with the others.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-2-7

Paperback ISBN: 9785-203447-7-5
5x8 inches 182 pages
Available from major internet stores



The Hijack Adventure
Chris Wright

Anna's mother has opened a transport café, but why do the truck drivers avoid stopping there? An accident in the road outside brings Anna a new friend, Matthew. When they get trapped in a broken down truck with Matthew's dog, Chip, their adventure begins.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-6-5

Available now in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5203448-0-5
5x8 inches 140 pages
Available from major internet stores



The Seventeen Steps Adventure
Chris Wright

When Ryan's American cousin, Natalie, comes to stay with him in England, a film from their Gran's old camera holds some surprise photographs, and they discover there's more to photography than taking selfies! But where are the Seventeen Steps, and has a robbery been planned to take place there?

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-7-2

Available now in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5203448-6-7
5x8 inches 132 pages
Available from major internet stores



The Two Jays Adventure
The First Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

James and Jessica, the Two Jays, are on holiday in the West Country in England where they set out to make some exciting discoveries. Have they found the true site of an ancient holy well? Is the water in it dangerous? Why does an angry man with a bicycle tell them to keep away from the deserted stone quarry?

A serious accident on the hillside has unexpected consequences, and an old Latin document may contain a secret that's connected to the two strange stone heads in the village church -- if James and Jessica can solve the puzzle. An adventure awaits! This is the first Two Jays adventure story. You can read them in any order, although each one goes forward slightly in time.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9954549-8-9

Available now in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5203448-8-1
5x8 inches 196 pages
Available from major internet stores



The Dark Tunnel Adventure
The Second Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

James and Jessica, the Two Jays, are on holiday in the Derbyshire Peak District in England, staying near Dakedale Manor, which has been completely destroyed in a fire. Did young Sam Stirling burn his family home down? Miss Parkin, the housekeeper, says he did, and she can prove it. Sam says he didn't, and he can't prove it. But Sam has gone missing. James and Jessica believe the truth lies behind one of the old iron doors inside the disused railway tunnel. This is the second Two Jays adventure story. You can read them in any order, although each one goes forward slightly in time.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9957594-0-4 

Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5206386-3-8
188 pages 5x8 inches
Available from major internet stores
$5.99  £4.95



The Cliff Edge Adventure
The Third Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

James and Jessica's Aunt Judy lives in a lonely guest house perched on top of a crumbling cliff on the west coast of Wales. She is moving out with her dog for her own safety, because she has been warned that the waves from the next big storm could bring down a large part of the cliff -- and her house with it. Cousins James and Jessica, the Two Jays, are helping her sort through her possessions, and they find an old papyrus page they think could be from an ancient copy of one of the Gospels. Two people are extremely interested in having it, but can either of them be trusted? James and Jessica are alone in the house. It's dark, the electricity is off, and the worst storm in living memory is already battering the coast. Is there someone downstairs? This is the third Two Jays adventure story. You can read them in any order, although each one goes forward slightly in time.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9957594-4-2 

Paperback ISBN: 9781-5-211370-3-1
188 pages 5x8 inches
$5.99  £4.95



The Midnight Farm Adventure
The Fourth Two Jays Story
Chris Wright

What is hidden in the old spoil tip by the disused Midnight Mine? Two men have permission to dig there, but they don't want anyone watching -- especially not Jessica and James, the Two Jays. And where is Granfer Joe's old tin box, full of what he called his treasure? The Easter holiday at Midnight Farm in Cornwall isn't as peaceful as James's parents planned. An early morning bike ride nearly ends in disaster, and with the so-called Hound of the Baskerville running loose, things turn out to be decidedly dangerous. This is the fourth Two Jays adventure story. You can read them in any order, although each one goes forward slightly in time.

eBook ISBN: 978-1-9997899-1-6
Also available in paperback
Paperback ISBN: 978-1-5497148-3-2
200 pages 5x8 inches
$5.99  £4.95



Mary Jones and Her Bible
An Adventure Book
Chris Wright
The true story of Mary Jones's and her Bible
with a clear Christian message and optional puzzles
(Some are easy, some tricky, and some amusing)

Mary Jones saved for six years to buy a Bible of her own. In 1800, when she was 15, she thought she had saved enough, so she walked barefoot for 26 miles (more than 40km) over a mountain pass and through deep valleys in Wales to get one. That's when she discovered there were none for sale!
You can travel with Mary Jones today in this book by following clues, or just reading the story. Either way, you will get to Bala where Mary went, and if you're really quick you may be able to discover a Bible just like Mary's in the market!
The true story of Mary Jones has captured the imagination for more than 200 years. For this book, Chris Wright has looked into the old records and discovered even more of the story, which is now in this unforgettable account of Mary Jones and her Bible. Solving puzzles is part of the fun, but the whole story is in here to read and enjoy whether you try the puzzles or not. Just turn the page, and the adventure continues. It's time to get on the trail of Mary Jones!

eBook ISBN: ISBN: 978-0-9933941-5-7

Paperback ISBN 978-0-9525956-2-5
5.5 x 8.5 inches
156 pages of story, photographs, line drawings and puzzles



Pilgrim's Progress
An Adventure Book
Chris Wright

Travel with young Christian as he sets out on a difficult and perilous journey to find the King. Solve the puzzles and riddles along the way, and help Christian reach the Celestial City. Then travel with his friend Christiana. She has four young brothers who can sometimes be a bit of a problem.
Be warned, you will meet giants and lions -- and even dragons! There are people who don't want Christian and Christiana to reach the city of the King and his Son. But not everyone is an enemy. There are plenty of friendly people. It's just a matter of finding them.
Are you prepared to help? Are you sure? The journey can be very dangerous! As with our book Mary Jones and Her Bible, you can enjoy the story even if you don't want to try the puzzles.



 This is a simplified and abridged version of Pilgrim's Progress -- Special Edition, containing illustrations and a mix of puzzles. The suggested reading age is up to perhaps ten. Older readers will find the same story told in much greater detail in Pilgrim's Progress -- Special Edition on the next page.

eBook ISBN 13: 978-0-9933941-6-4

Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-6-3
5.5 x 8.5 inches 174 pages £6.95
Available from major internet stores



Pilgrim's Progress
Special Edition
Chris Wright

This book for all ages is a great choice for young readers, as well as for families, Sunday school teachers, and anyone who wants to read John Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress in a clear form.
All the old favourites are here: Christian, Christiana, the Wicket Gate, Interpreter, Hill Difficulty with the lions, the four sisters at the House Beautiful, Vanity Fair, Giant Despair, Faithful and Talkative -- and, of course, Greatheart. The list is almost endless.
The first part of the story is told by Christian himself, as he leaves the City of Destruction to reach the Celestial City, and becomes trapped in the Slough of Despond near the Wicket Gate. On his journey he will encounter lions, giants, and a creature called the Destroyer.
Christiana follows along later, and tells her own story in the second part. Not only does Christiana have to cope with her four young brothers, she worries about whether her clothes are good enough for meeting the King. Will she find the dangers in Vanity Fair that Christian found? Will she be caught by Giant Despair and imprisoned in Doubting Castle? What about the dragon with seven heads?
It's a dangerous journey, but Christian and Christiana both know that the King's Son is with them, helping them through the most difficult parts until they reach the Land of Beulah, and see the Celestial City on the other side of the Dark River. This is a story you will remember for ever, and it's about a journey you can make for yourself.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9932760-8-8 

Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-7-0
5.5 x 8.5 inches 278 pages
Available from major internet stores



Zephan and the Vision
Chris Wright

An exciting story about the adventures of two angels who seem to know almost nothing -- until they have a vision!
Two ordinary angels are caring for the distant Planet Eltor, and they are about to get a big shock -- they are due to take a trip to Planet Earth! This is Zephan's story of the vision he is given before being allowed to travel with Talora, his companion angel, to help two young people fight against the enemy.
Arriving on Earth, they discover that everyone lives in a small castle. Some castles are strong and built in good positions, while others appear weak and open to attack. But it seems that the best-looking castles are not always the most secure.
Meet Castle Nadia and Castle Max, the two castles that Zephan and Talora have to defend. And meet the nasty creatures who have built shelters for themselves around the back of these castles. And worst of all, meet the shadow angels who live in a cave on Shadow Hill. This is a story about the forces of good and the forces of evil. Who will win the battle for Castle Nadia?
The events in this story are based very loosely on John Bunyan's allegory The Holy War.

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9932760-6-4

Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-9-4
5.5 x 8.5 inches 216 pages
Available from major internet stores



Agathos, The Rocky Island,
And Other Stories
Chris Wright

Once upon a time there were two favourite books for Sunday reading: Parables from Nature and Agathos and The Rocky Island.
These books contained short stories, usually with a hidden meaning. In this illustrated book is a selection of the very best of these stories, carefully retold to preserve the feel of the originals, coupled with ease of reading and understanding for today's readers.
Discover the king who sent his servants to trade in a foreign city. The butterfly who thought her eggs would hatch into baby butterflies, and the two boys who decided to explore the forbidden land beyond the castle boundary. The spider that kept being blown in the wind, the soldier who had to fight a dragon, the four children who had to find their way through a dark and dangerous forest. These are just six of the nine stories in this collection. Oh, and there's also one about a rocky island!
This is a book for a young person to read alone, a family or parent to read aloud, Sunday school teachers to read to the class, and even for grownups who want to dip into the fascinating stories of the past all by themselves. Can you discover the hidden meanings? You don't have to wait until Sunday before starting!

eBook ISBN: 978-0-9927642-7-2

Paperback ISBN: 978-0-9525956-8-7
5.5 x 8.5 inches 148 pages £5.95
Available from major internet stores



Don't forget to check our website www.whitetreepublishing.com  for the latest books, and updates on availability

Return to Table of Contents

