 Rose in the Brier

By Liz Rein

Copyright 2012 Liz Rein

Smashwords Edition



This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Sterling Fairchild return from war wounded and looking for more from life than being the second son of a duke. He finds it in the arms of midwife and healer Cecilia, the disgrace of local society.



To my mother who pushed me to use my love of books and creativity to write my own novel.

I would like to thank Maryanne for editing my books. Spell check can only go so far.

Prologue
 
As the second son or as he is affectionately called by his family and with a slight distain by society, the spare, Sterling had no real purpose in life. His older brother, Marcus, expertly ran the ducal estates and attended parliament and sitting in the House of Lords ever since their father died five years before. Marcus took both responsibilities of his position very seriously and Sterling knew his services were not needed. As his brother expanded the family coffers Sterling felt useless as any spare was. He loved his brother; they had a great relationship and sitting around waiting for something dire to happen so he could move up in the world never sat right with him. After Eton, Cambridge and then sowing his oats for years Sterling began feeling restless. Carousing at all hours of the night no longer satisfied him. Months of searching led him to his answer. Now he knew what he would do; all he needed to do was tell his brother. He knew Marcus would object but feeling useless, doing nothing significant of consequence with his life, especially while there was a war going on did not sit right with him. Becoming a wastrel, drinking and womanizing is no longer as satisfactory when he was youth of one and twenty.
Determined he walked down the hall, his footsteps muffled by the thick carpets as he approached the library door. Sterling was a big man, well over six feet. He came from a long line of tall men starting from the first duke, a warrior in his time. He was a head taller than any other gentlemen of the ton with the exception of his older brother Marcus. Unlike most tall men he also had a large frame with wide shoulders. Boxing, one of Sterling’s favorite activities, made his frame even more immense with a heavily muscled chest and arms that seem to be made for the sport. His size made him second only to Gentleman Jackson himself. In addition to boxing Sterling also practiced fencing, a sport that his father taught both his sons. Sentimentality made him keep up with the discipline. The combination of the two disciplines and years of training made Sterling light on his feet something that was in odds to his height and size.
At the door Sterling paused and took a deep breath before knocking. He did not wait for him to call enter but opened the door. They always had a casual relationship, one almost unheard of in the ton. He knew that whatever Marcus was doing he would not mind the interruption, in fact, he usually welcomed it. He crossed the Ashburn carpets and approached the massive wood desk that had been in the family for generations. Marcus was finishing writing a letter, probably to one of the many estate managers he had on retainer. After sanding the ink, he folded the letter and slid it in to the waiting envelope. Marcus looked up in surprise to see his brother there, he was concentrating so hard on the instructions to the solicitor that he did not hear Sterling enter. He smiled at his brother but did not receive one in return, which gave Marcus his first hint at the gravity of the situation. Sterling had a very serious look on his face as he took a seat on one of the heavy dark wood chairs. Marcus leaned back into his chair, ready for the news. Whatever this is about he had a feeling that he’s not going to like it.
Sterling took another deep calming breath. “I’m leaving. I can’t wait around here any longer. I need to do something, be someone other than the Dukes unfortunate younger brother. I have decided to join the army. I am going to buy a commission.” 
The words came out in a rush, he wanted to get the words out before he lost his nerve. Sometimes his brother still unnerved him, he will always be his big brother. 
Marcus sat there in surprised silence; he leaned back in his chair while he thought. Marcus knew that Sterling was restless but did not know it had come to this. He had been thinking about the situation for some time and he may have finally found a solution. 
Sterling, determined to not be talked out of his decision, quickly jumped out of the chair before Marcus could respond and rushed out of the room saying “This is my decision”. Marcus sat there in silence for a few more minutes, in the morning, when they both had time to sleep on it, he would talk to Sterling and tell him of his plans.
The next morning he was gone.
 
****
 
As a young girl Cecilia did not know that she was a walking scandal. Living in seclusion outside of the local village and the high rank of her father did not subject her family to the whispers that usually follow someone of her affliction. She lived with her mother in Rose Cottage just on the edge of Blackbrier Park, the largest estate in the county, assisting her as a midwife. Her father, the owner of Blackbrier, would come to visit often and those days were bliss. They would explore the woods, picnic and play. Although her father was not there often the time they spent together was always filled with joy. 
It wasn’t until she was older that she realized that her life was not normal and that most fathers lived with their mother all the time. Then as she grew even older she realized what she was. A bastard.
Cecilia was an outsider in the local village. As the only midwife delivering babies throughout the countryside and the low tolerance her father, the Earl, had for disparaging the love of his life and longtime mistress made her mother respected but outside the local social circles. 
Even as an outsider she still wanted to help, to make a difference, just like her mother.  Learning midwifery at her mother’s side she realized she wanted to be a midwife but more. With the encouragement of her father she continued her education beyond childbirth with the local physician who tolerated a female for an apprentice and learning the newest techniques from books, periodicals and writings published. Although her gender made it impossible to become a true physician she wanted to learn as much as she could and she hoped that one day she would become an accepted member of the small physician’s society. 
When Cecilia was eighteen her mother became ill. After months of painfully wasting away, her mother grew impossibly thin and she slipped away in the night. 
Both she and father were grief stricken but life continued on. She filled the hole her mother left as midwife, and she lived like she had for several years. She delivered babies for the village and she took care of simple ailments for those who could not afford to bring in a private physician when the local doctor was already engaged. 
Her father visited her many times and more often that not she spent her time with him at Blackbrier Park. But he had obligations in London attending to the House of Lords and his other duties and properties as an Earl. When he was gone she spent her days alone at Rose Cottage. 
It was not until two years later that her life changed drastically.



Chapter One
 
Sterling was on the peninsula fighting for his life. The battle was long, exhausting and hard but he did not regret his decision to join. After leaving his brother’s home he bought his commission but he only paid for a Lieutenant’s rank even though he could afford more. He did not want to jump to a higher rank just because he could afford to when he knew nothing about fighting or strategy, he was not trained in the art of war. His efforts as it turned out was for naught. His quick thinking, a higher education, reflexes from years of training as a pugilist and surprisingly the nightly chess games he and his brother used to play while they were in the country made him an excellent strategist and formidable soldier. Despite his efforts, he quickly moved up in the ranks, promoted on the battlefield and achieved the title of Captain in record time. 
Six months after arriving on France’s shores he was on the front in a surge against the French army and were finally overtaking the enemy. The men, sensing success, began aggressively engaging the opposing force. Preparing to engage his next opponent when out of the corner of his eye Sterling saw one of his men go down. He knew in an instant although obviously injured, he could be saved. In a quick decision he made a beeline for the downed soldier. Out of shot Sterling tossed aside his rifle and only clutching his cavalry sword he began nimbly picking his way through the battlefield’s carnage stepping over friends and foe alike. He was never one to leave a man behind and unlike other Captains and higher ranking officers who purchased their commissions he did not make unnecessary risks with his men’s lives. Coming up in the ranks with the other soldiers made him connect with every man, knowing that he was once just like them and ill planned attempts to surge forward, risking men’s lives, were not worth any price.
Out of nowhere a crazed French solider jumped into his path wielding a long blade. Screaming in French “Me faut retourner à la pute qui m'a accouchée” he attacked taking an aggressive but uncoordinated swipe. Sterling quickly leaned back from the arching blades but was not quick enough. The blade, slashing down, grazed his brow missing his eye by a hairs-breath and descended on to his cheek slashing the skin deep. Sterling quickly dispatched the Frenchman with a well timed thrust. Shaking off the attack he pressed a hand to his bleeding face, wiping blood that was dripping down into his eyes and continued to the downed man. He reached him and looked into the soldier’s eyes, it was Thomas, an enlisted man he had met briefly before when he joined the regiment. He was in shock and in a tremendous amount of pain but Sterling knew that if he got away from the combat’s fierce and filthy conditions he would have a fighting chance. With the strength of adrenaline Sterling picked him up and hefted him over his shoulder. He dexterously picked his way through the debris and aftermath of war. 
Sterling was just reaching the tree line and safety when he heard a loud musket report then he felt an excruciating pain pierce his thigh. Crying out, he fell to his knees in pain, dropping Thomas in the process. Grunting in pain, he knew he had to get off the battlefield. Pulling himself together he pushed through the agony, he held his breath as he stood. Strength sapped, Sterling limped to Thomas and dragged him the last few paces to the tree line. 
Sterling fell not far from a tree. He pulled himself and Thomas so they were leaning against the tree, out of sight of the fighting. Shrugging out of his red jacket Sterling sets it aside then grabbing the sleeve of his lawn shirt tore it away, then he repeated the move with the other arm. Using one sleeve he quickly wraps his leg, stopping the blood flow then he turned to Thomas to staunch his wounds. Clearing away the debris the wound was jagged but not as dire as it could have been. After pressing the compress into Thomas’ chest there was nothing else to do but wait and pray that a friendly unit finds them soon and takes them to a field surgeon. As that thought passes through his mind he felt a wave of dizziness come over him and passed out from the loss of blood.
When Sterling next woke he was hot, dizzy and it was so stuffy that he could barely breathe. He could hear the sounds of groaning and moans of pain. Opening his eyes he saw that he was in a tent, a surgeon’s tent. He looked around and the soldier Thomas, was laying next to him on a cot. He said something to him but he could not hear him. His vision swimming in and out of focus he saw that a surgeon was standing at the end of his cot. He barely looked at Sterling, uncovering his leg for a few seconds then flipping the sheet back he muttered seemingly to himself. 
“Legs gotta come off.”
Without pause Sterling faintly said, “no”. Then louder “No.” His throat was dry. The doctor ignored him and turned to his assistant and asked for the saw. They were going to cut off his leg. The surgeon walked away to work on another patient while the orderly fetched the tools.
Trapped in a living nightmare Sterling turned his head back to Thomas, who was also awake and through the pain he pleaded ”Do not let him take the leg. Don’t take the leg.” Before passing out again.
Thomas knew that he owed Captain Fairchild his life. His wounds although fairly superficial would have killed him if he was left on the field either by bleeding out or by the scavengers picking over the fallen soldiers. He knew the least he could do was make sure the sawbones did not take his leg, without it being necessary. He knew that field surgeons where notorious for cutting off limbs rather than taking the time to heal the injury.
When the surgeon and the orderly returned and began to layout the tools needed to cut off Captain Fairchild’s leg, Thomas sat up in his cot and addressed to the doctor in his rough cockney accent of the streets of London. 
“He don’t want cha to take the limb.”
The doctor ignored him. He sat up straighter and said louder. 
“He don’t wan ya’ ta’ take the leg!”
The doctor turned to him. And said “I’m the surgeon and if I say the leg must come off, the leg must come off. The man’s care will take too much time. It's better to take it now.”
“No. you no’ take the leg, ill take care o’ him. You jes patch him up and I’s take care o him.”
The doctor in a huff mutters to himself about the stupidity of enlisted men. How they think that wounds will heal by themselves. He doesn’t have time to give the care necessary to save every bullet riddled leg. Then to Thomas he says ‘fine’ and orders his assistant to give Thomas the tools to close the wound.  
It was a grizzly mess. The bullet entered his thigh and hit the bone shattering the bullet into multiple pieces and fracturing the bone. With the help of the orderly he fished out as much of the bullet fragments and dirt particles as he could then sewed up and bound the wound before setting the leg in a brace. Addressing Thomas the orderly said “He must not move this leg. It is fractured, broken. It will take many weeks if not months to heal.”
“Yes, sir” Thomas replied “I’s will take care of the captain n’ make sure he do’ move it.”
Then the orderly moved onto the cut on his face. Before he could set the first stitch from across the room the orderly heard his name called, they needed his assistance with another patient. When he started to explain that he was stitching the Captain’s facial laceration the doctor curtly ordered him to hurry, there was an issue with another patient that could use his services more. Quickly he stitched his cheek explaining that when he had time he would come back and re-stitch it better. Thomas knew from the looks of the other soldiers around him that he probably would not make it back, there were too many men that needed help. 

****

Thomas took care of Sterling as he himself healed. He nursed him through a fever and infection of his leg. The severity made Thomas question his decision to fight for the leg. What was better; a man with no leg or no man at all? It was over two weeks before the wound healed enough for returning to England but it still was red, angry and swollen. Thomas watched it with concern but did not trust the doctor who was so busy sawing away at the wounded to care. As soon as he was able he took Sterling home on the next packet out.
Sterling and Thomas arrived on his brother’s doorstep six weeks after he was wounded and almost two years from the day he left. He knew he looked bad, his leg was bound in a makeshift cast, his face had a huge fresh scar that was so swollen it felt tight on his face, he has not shaved in a long time and all he had on him was the old stained tattered uniform missing the sleeves he was wearing when he was wounded. By the time he and Thomas could be moved from the hospital tent his regiment had moved on taking with them all of his personal belongings including his clothing. 
Sterling exited the hack gingerly climbing down the steps careful not to jar his leg too much. Thomas, who exited first, was waiting with his crutches just in case he needed support. Even weeks after the initial injury his leg was still stiff and sore and unable to put weight on it, more so than a fracture should be. Once on the ground standing on the curb Sterling looked up the stairs. His leg was paining him so much he could barely walk much less stand without support, without the help of Thomas he knew he would have never gotten home. The battlefield created a camaraderie among the enlisted men but their wounds created a bond that could never be broken even with their different backgrounds. In battle you trusted the merits of the man not the balance of his bank account.
Thomas turned  to looked at the house for the first time, his eyes widened. 
“Are you sure this is the place?” he asked.
Thomas did not know much about Captain Fairchild. He knew that the captain was well off but he did not know to what extent. The house was a mansion, the largest house he had ever seen, the largest on the street. It was a monstrosity of cut red stone bricks and tall columns flanking the wide double doors with an extra wide staircase rising from the street to the porch.
Sterling ignored the question. With grim determination Sterling started up the steps with the crutches tucked under his arms. Thomas came up behind him helping him navigate the stairs. Grunting in pain he took one pain filled step at a time, he was determined to make these last few steps home on his own. 
The front door was swagged in black fabric, Sterling looked at it in concern. With a little hesitation he reached up and tapped the knocker. 
A few moments later Gideon, the butler, opened the door. He stood there for a second looking like he was about to say something when he suddenly stopped and just stared at Sterling. 
“Master Sterling? He croaked wonderingly. He backed up in sheer dumbfoundment. 
Sterling chose that moment to enter. Now leaning heavily on Thomas and his crutches he asked Gideon “Is my brother at home?”
Before Gideon could respond Sterling heard footsteps coming down the corridor. It was Marcus, he would have known it was his brother even if he had not shown himself. His tread was a familiar and welcome sound. Marcus glanced up from the London Times to see who was at the door, he was not supposed to be home for anyone right now, and stopped dead in his tracks. 
“Sterling?” he croaked in disbelief. 
Overcome he dropped the newspaper in his hands to the floor, scattering the sheets in all directions and rushed to Sterling, grabbing him in a rib crushing hug. Sterling held back a yelp of pain as he returned the sentiment. But Marcus still felt the tensing, he pulled away to look Sterling in the face and saw the pain. For the first time he really took stock of Sterling and his companion. He noticed the fresh scar on his face half hidden by a scraggly beard and overly long hair as well as the fact that he was several stones lighter than the last time he saw him. Sterling’s face, which was always chiseled, was now bordering on skeletal. After Marcus released him Thomas rushed to catch him before he fell, his crutches no longer supporting him.
“Whoa, Governa. Careful the Capt’n is feel’n poorly.” Thomas said.
Marcus noticed Sterling’s companion for the first time. Thomas, a short thickly built man, spent years working on the docks which made his compact frame bulky. If Sterling’s facial hair looked shaggy then Thomas’ was well past that. His sandy hair covered his rough features, a short stubby nose and wide forehead.
Realizing that Sterling needed assistance together Thomas and Marcus quickly move him upstairs to his old room and sent Gideon for a physician. 
As Marcus and Thomas settle Sterling on the bed he told Marcus what had happened and how Thomas had taken care of Sterling. Impressed and grateful for Thomas’ role in helping his brother in the last few weeks as he recovered and saving his leg Marcus offered Thomas a position in his household. Usually a position in a Duke’s household is coveted by the servant class but Thomas felt differently.
“I would rather stay with the Captain your grace.” he replied. “He saved my life as well.”
Gideon returned to the room to announce that a physician has been sent for and should be arriving forthwith. 
Happy that Sterling had returned home alive if not completely healthy, Marcus surveys the room in appreciation and notices that there is black fabric draped over the mirror above the dresser. Reminded, Marcus turns to Gideon and orders that all the mourning should be removed immediately. 
“Immediately, sir” Gideon replies then executes a quick bow before he gathers the staff to remove the mourning black that they had just put up the week before when they heard of Master Sterling’s death.
A quarter of an hour later Gideon returns with the physician in tow. After a quick introduction the doctor started examining his leg then he pronounced that there was not much he could do at the time. The doctor explained that there was still debris in the wound but he did not want to reopen it. Especially when Sterling was still weak from the original injury and it did not seem to have hit the bone. The best thing to do for his injury was to rest and heal. There was also nothing he could do about the wound on his face. He could not correct the bad stitch job, in time as the scar heals and fades it should not be as noticeable. Marcus thanked the doctor and had Gideon show him out.

****

It was weeks yet before Sterling was strong enough to really stand on his own and during his recuperation Marcus and Sterling spent time renewing their relationship. Two years had past since he had left, since that night in the library.
One observation that Marcus made was that Sterling had changed, for better and for worse. He now had a reserved air about him that he did not use to have. A quiet confidence that says he knows who he is, one acquired from the trials of battle.



Chapter Two
 
Her father was dead. She learned about it from his wife. 
He had gone to London for the Parliament session after visiting her for a fortnight and he had planned to return in less that a month but now he never would.
She rolled up to visit Blackbrier Park in a grand carriage, it gleamed black with gold inlaid accents and the Thornburg crest prominently displayed. One of her father’s longtime loyal servants, John, came as soon as he could to tell her the news but he was too late. His wife stopped at the cottage before going on to the estate and with obvious pleasure told her of his death. 
“Lord Thornburg is dead.”
“ What?” Cecilia asked in confusion. She had just seen her father a few days ago.
“He’s dead. And he left Blackbrier Park to me.”
“Oh?” Cecilia asked questionably. Cecilia was sure that her father  meant to leave the park to her. The property was unentailed.
“Yes, it’s mine and I am selling it.” Lady Octavia said. “And I have set up a new estate manager with directions to have you arrested if you ever come back on the property again.”
According to Lady Octavia, her father did not leave her with anything.  No inheritance, no dowry. Cecilia knew she was lying, knew that her father made provisions for her. He would never have left it to chance, especially with his wife, although she did not know the particulars. Knowing that she could not win against the legal wife and highborn lady Cecilia decided not to challenger her. She would rather let the matter rest than stir up the hornet’s nest that is his wife.
Luckily Rose Cottage was hers; her mother held the deed and she passed it on to her when she died over two years ago. Having the deed made her grateful for the only argument she ever remembered her mother and father having. She could remember her father begging her mother to live with him at Blackbrier Park in every way as his wife but legally. Her mother knew that even with their scandalous relationship living together would be beyond acceptable. Society would accept a Lord with a mistress but not one who lived with him, it was beyond the pall. To protect her he had agreed to purchase Rose Cottage and have the deed in her name making it impossible for anyone to it take away. Thus, insuring that both mother and daughter would always have a home.
After her initial grief over the loss of her father she realized that she should be self-sufficient if she maintained a frugal lifestyle. The income from a midwife with a healthy garden should sustain her.  
Any worries she had about dealing with Lady Octavia in the future were assuaged. Blackbrier Park was put up for sale just days after her father’s death. Cecilia was relieved yet sad that the Blackbrier Park was no longer part of the Thornburg Estates and her father’s family. Once it was purchased it will no longer be her home.



Chapter Three

Sterling was ready to return to the old life he had before the war.  To be the carefree man whose biggest concern was gambling away his quarterly allowance. Although not completely healed he felt that he needed to leave the house, he felt like a caged animal. The scar on his face was still pink and jagged and he limped with pain in his thigh but he was ready to face the masses of the ton. He dressed in a new set of black evening clothes and snowy white caveat tied to perfection by his brother’s valet. Once dressed he slowly descended the stairs where he was met by Gideon who handed him his coat. He pulled on his overcoat while waiting for the carriage to pull out front. He climbed into the carriage and was on his way.
Ever since he had returned from the dead the house had been inundated with invitations for Sterling to attend balls, soirées, picnic lunches and house parties. Sterling decided to accept the invitation from a friend who attended Eton with him, his wife was throwing her annual ball.
They announced his name as he descended into the ballroom. The crowd turned and watched him limp down the steps. He could hear some gasps. He reached the bottom steps and approached a few former friends from his wild days. After a few minutes of talking it became clear to him that they no longer had the same interests. It should have been no surprise to him, before he left for the war the same restlessness had reached him where the daily activities of playing cards at the club and visiting the same old haunts were becoming boring. As he surveyed the room he saw that several of the young ladies were looking at him but when they saw him returning a look they quickly turned around.
It was not until after a fortnight of attending society functions that he became aware that the looks he was getting were more than the shy glances of debutantes but a combination of pity and disgust. The ton was expecting the return of one of their beloved sons whole and hale not the scared, lame man who came back. 
Sterling realized that he no longer belonged with the ton. It was not the looks that he received but the fact that he did not care. While he was gone he had changed, he could care less about the opinions of the beau mode. Now he had his own rules and standards to live by and living at his brother’s house, on his charity and a monthly stipend was not it. He still had not found his own bachelor apartment, he needed to take action. But he nor Marcus was in a hurry to be separated after such a long absence.
Sterling was sitting on the same chair he was in the last time he made a life changing decision and told his brother. This time was different, this time the military was no longer an option. He was conflicted, he had no real purpose, no viable options.  Most men of good families joined the military, which he had already done, or he could become a Vicar, which he could never see himself doing. He was definitely not one to shepherd souls, especially when he was lost himself.
Marcus who sat across him behind the desk watched the subtle emotions of confusion and determination play across Sterling’s face. He knew what Sterling was thinking, he had noticed the change in Sterling. It was time, Marcus cleared his throat. 
“Sterling I have been thinking and I know that you have been restless, wanting some sort of responsibility. So before you left I had been looking for a solution that would make you happy. I was negotiating before you left and I did not want to tell you about it until the details had been finalized. Then you left before I had the chance to tell you, so…”
Marcus pulled some papers out of his desk., it was a bill of sale and a deed. He slid them across the polished wood of the desk. “A property had become available called Blackbrier Park. I purchased it.” 
Sterling was shocked.
Before Sterling could interrupt he continued “Since all our other properties are entailed I was looking for something you could wholly own that has the potential to create a healthy income. This property suddenly came available when the late Earl of Thornburg, died. His widow was selling everything unentailed, before some distant relative of the Earl’s could be found.”
Sterling sat in shocked silence “Marcus I cannot take this it’s too big, it’s an estate!”
“Do not think of it as a gift but an advance in your monthly stipend, starting with the last two years. I know you feel the need to make your way in the world, which I understand. But this property is only a half days ride from the family seat.”
Sterling picked the papers up from the desk, he shuffled them in wonder.
“All the papers are in order and in your name. I have been overseeing the basic maintenance but I thought that you would want to make any changes yourself.” Marcus paused a beat to clear his throat “There are to be no objections to this, it is yours and you deserve it. You are now a man of property.” Marcus sat back in his chair happy for his brother and glad he was able to do something for him especially after he had been through so much.
Sterling sat there stunned, his hands were shaky as he held the papers. Thoughts raced through his mind, he could not wait to see his land. 
“There is no way I can repay you” he reached across the desk and shook his brothers hand then pulled him into a hug. “I shall visit the estate immediately and assess the house and land for any changes that may need  to be made.”
Sterling turned and limped from the room his thoughts whirling. As he climbed the stairs he began to catalog all the things he will need to pack for his trip. When he entered his room Thomas was there putting things away. 
“We are leaving. We are going to my estate” Sterling said proudly. 
Thomas looked at him in surprise. In the weeks that they spent together Captain Fairchild had never mentioned an estate. They began packing while Sterling explained. 
The next morning Sterling and Thomas departed from the house on horseback. Sterling did not want anything delaying him from reaching his new country estate, even a little pain in his leg, Blackbrier Park.



Chapter Four

Exhausted Cecilia walked home. It had been a long night, Mrs. Smithe was in labor for eighteen hours but now they had a brand new baby girl. Cecilia had been concerned with this delivery, Mrs. Smithe was older and her last delivery had some small complications, she wanted to be ready just in case. Thankfully there were no complications with the delivery. She was walking home rather than driving her buggy because when Mrs. Smithe’s oldest son, Joseph, came up to Rose Cottage it was quicker to grab her medicine bag and ride double to their cottage than to take the time to hitch the horse. After a long day and night worrying about his mother Cecilia did not want Joseph to return her home but to sleep. 
Her feet felt weighted down with each step and she had another mile along the country road before the turnoff to Rose Cottage. The lane she was walking down ran adjacent to fields that were part of Blackbrier Park’s many acres. The wheat grass grew tall, past her waist, ready for plowing. Now that summer was ending it was time to start reaping the rewards of a beautiful summer.
Behind her she faintly heard the trot of horse hooves on the compact dirt. Expecting one of the locals she turned to greet them. As they came around the bend she realized it was not a villager but two men and judging on their attire part of the upper ton. She quickly turned around with her head down. It was better for a woman alone to not attract the attention of two strange men. She silently hoped that the men would just bypass her, but it was not to be as they pulled along side her.
“Madam? Can you tell me where Blackbrier Park is located?”
Cecilia whipped around to look and the man who just spoke.  Shocked she asked “Blackbrier Park?” 
No one had lived there since her father’s wife sold it to some London gent. It had sat there unoccupied for almost two and a half years. She had been dreading this ever since the estate went up for sale. 
Her memories of her father were tied to the estate and she knew that new owners meant changes. She looked at the man and his companion closer. The cut and quality of their clothes told Cecilia that they were well to do but not garishly so. Hope bloomed in her chest. Maybe this lord will not completely shred her childhood memories. She cleared her throat and said “Continue down this road and in about two miles there will be a lane leading to the Park’s entrance”
Sterling was surprised at the woman’s dictation. Her simple clothes indicated a simple country lass but her accent was of quality.  She was wearing a plain dark skirt with a crisp white long sleeved shirtwaist, that at some point in the morning were rolled up to her elbows. A smart row of buttons marched up the front of her top but the last few buttons at her throat were undone leaving the barest hint of flesh. 
It was surprising that a lady of quality would be walking down a county lane alone. He felt compelled to offer her a ride but there was no proper way to do so, with a last look and a friendly nod he thanked her and continued down the lane following her directions. 
Cecilia watched the gentlemen continue on trotting down the lane. She released a sigh of relief. She did not want to converse with them more than she had to and she knew by his look that he had wanted to say or do more. Eager to return home she quickened her pace, she wanted to reach home soon. The new owners of the Blackbrier Park weighed heavily on her mind.

****

Cecilia’s home, Rose Cottage, was named for the climbing roses that have enveloped the back of the house and the arbor. The house featured a small entrance and foyer with a sitting room, library and kitchen downstairs and upstairs was two bedrooms in the eaves. The library was long ago converted to an exam room for expectant ladies and anyone else who may need attention. The shelves, full of books, held medical journals and literature about the latest techniques for curing ailments as well as midwifery. Her mother, and now she, felt it was important to keep up on all the latest methods of a physician, the medical community was always discovering new ways to help the sick. Cecilia still remembers her mother giving her some of her favorite volumes and pouring over the text, absorbing all she could about medicine.
The morning after delivering Mrs. Smithe’s baby Cecilia got ready for her day, she slipped on a simple morning gown made of a fine lawn fabric. The dress, like all of her others, was a deep purple trimmed with gray. When her father died she purchased a wardrobe of mourning clothes and once her circumstances changed she could no longer afford new clothes even after she was out of mourning.  
Dressed she decided to make a delicious blackberry tart for the Smithe family. She knew with the new baby she will not have the time to make any special treats for her children. Cecilia loves to bake so this was a perfect opportunity to get her hands in to some dough. Skipping down the stairs Cecilia made her way to the kitchen and picked up the basket sitting by the door. Rufus her dog, who was snoozing next to the unlit wood burning stove jumped to his feet when he saw that she was leaving. With basket in hand and Rufus following wagging his tail she exited the cottage and made her way to a blackberry bush that is at the edge of her property, the very bush that Blackbrier Park was named after. The old but fruitful bush was thick with ripe blackberries ready for the picking.  She waded into the prickly vines and started choosing the choicest berries for her tart.
 
****

Fresh from a deep restful slumber, the best he had in a long time, Sterling woke up with a sense of purpose. He wanted to explore his new home and see his land. Too anxious to wait for the estate manager Sterling had a quick, simple breakfast and called for his horse to be saddled. Thomas stayed behind to arrange both of their things and inspect the house to make a list of necessities. With no real purpose in mind Sterling began riding east.
On his horse, Sterling followed the property line. He looked over the fields and reflected on the reception he received when they arrived at Blackbrier Park. The door had been opened by the estate manager, Mr. Jefferson. It was pure luck that Sterling was even greeted by the estate manager; he had prepared to go to his own home, a small cottage located on the property. It turns out that since the old lord died the servants were pensioned off. With the exception of the new estate manager and one or two local girls that came from the village who cleaned during the day, there was no one at the house. In his eagerness to view his new estate Sterling and Thomas had arrived at Blackbrier Park before Mr. Jefferson received a note from the Duke making him aware of their imminent arrival. Once introduced Jefferson was slightly panicked, he did not have rooms prepared or staff on hand to take care of their needs. After being reassured that they had slept in worse circumstances, they made arrangements for staffing the manor back up the next day, he relaxed.

****

Cecilia was absorbed in her picking, quietly humming to herself as she worked and at first didn’t hear the approaching horse on the other side of the blackberry patch. Reaching for a berry she caught a movement out of the corner of her eye through the thicket. On edge, she stopped humming and listened for the faint sound of hooves on the lush grass. She froze; knowing intrinsically that it is him, not many people roamed the edges of Blackbrier Park. 
Rufus, who was busy sniffing a tree, took notice of his mistress’s stillness, slowly ambles toward Cecilia. He ducked his head to peer through the blackberry brush and saw the movement and without pause he dove into the thicket.

Rufus emerged directly in front of the horse’s snout. The horse, in surprise rose to his hindquarters and began to whinny. Cecilia, knowing that Rufus will continue his aggressive charge in a misguided attempt to protect her dropped her basket filled with blackberries and started running down the path parallel to the brier looking for a clearing so that she may pass through the bush without scratches. She knew that there was a gap about 10 yards down.  Just before she rounded the corner she heard a sharp curse above the horse’s frantic bid to escape then a dull thud of flesh hitting the compact earth. 
Jumping through the hole in the bush she saw the man from yesterday, the new Lord of Blackbrier, on the ground clutching his leg and grimacing in pain. Rufus was standing next to him with his small shoulders back and a proud look on his face now that he has defeated his enemy. She rushed toward both of them in concern. Rufus yipped at Cecilia with a look in his eye that clearly says ‘Look what I did! ‘
Sterling was riding along a path that followed the blackberry bush that created a natural property line for Blackbrier Park and the adjoining property. Enjoying the light morning sun on a warm autumn day he was casually taking in his land as well as the crisp, clean air. His ears perked to a sound emerging from the other side of the bush. When he was even with the sound he recognized as humming, he pulled his horse to a stop and sat enjoying the lyrical sounds. Sterling was preparing to call out a greeting to the songstress when she suddenly stopped. 
Before he knew it a small dog of unknown origins burrowed through the thicket and began to nip at his horses’ forelocks and yipped loudly and repeatedly. His horse startled at the dog’s presence, began to kick at the animal with his forelocks. Sterling’s legs, weak from his thigh wound and the long ride to Blackbrier Park the day before, was unable to retain his seat and he began to slide off the saddle backward, landing on the ground below. The fall made him land on his wounded leg and a jarring pain started radiating up and down his thigh. Grimacing he clutched his thigh while lying prone, hoping to dull the pain. 
From the ground Sterling turned his head and saw the woman from the day before emerging from the blackberry bushes a few yards away. Embarrassed, he thought to himself that he was lying on the ground completely unmanned by a dog that weighs no more than a stone.
Cecilia rushed to his side. Her first instinct was to check him for wounds as he is obliviously in pain. As she reached for his leg that he was clutching she began to babble quickly.
“Oh lord, I am so sorry”
“Are you hurt?”
“Is your leg injured, let me see”
She carefully and expertly handled his thigh inspecting the limb looking for visible injuries. Not seeing anything obvious she begins probing with her fingers. 
Sharp piercing pain stabbed through his thigh at her touch. Sterling ground through his clenched teeth “Stop, I just need a minute. I will be fine.” Although in a tremendous amount of pain Sterling could not ignore the sensation of her fingers brushing up and down his thigh, not an unpleasant feeling.
“No, you are not fine, you are obviously in pain. Relax and let me examine your leg, you may have broken or fractured it.” Cecilia said still looking intently at the leg.
She still had not looked him in the eyes. Through his pain Sterling could not help but feel disappointed that she would not look at him. The day before she had refused to meet him in the eye and today was the same. Pushing that thought aside Sterling said “My leg is not broken. I have an injury from the war and it is acting up” Sterling said, still grimacing.
“Well something is wrong. I can feel hard objects protruding under the skin and I think that is what is causing your pain.”
“It is some of the bullet from when I was shot; do not pay any attention to it. I am fine.” The London doctor said that all the bullet shrapnel did not get taken out and that was what was causing continued pain in his thigh. “My London physician said that he could not take it out without causing a significant amount of more damage so I have to live with the pain.” he also prescribed heavy doses of laudanum for the pain but Sterling did not want to be in a fog all day, he was already fatigued enough as it was. 
Sterling took a deep breath and began to struggle to his feet, gently brushing her aside. Cecilia anticipating his move was prepared to help him gain his feet. Amid grunting from both of them they managed to get Sterling to his feet by rolling him to his knees and using Cecilia as an anchor he pushed his way up on his good leg. A light sheen of sweat appeared on his brow from the exertion and pain. Looking up to his saddle Sterling realized the futility of gaining his seat without thoroughly humiliating himself. Embarrassed he smiled with chagrin at the woman whose name he still did not know.
Cecilia knew that the lord was a tall man, she could tell when they first met the day before but it was not until they were standing next to each other that she realized how large he was. Cecilia was a tall girl, she had always towered over the other village children. Cecilia was so tall she was used to looking the village men in the eye whenever the occasion occurred. But standing next to him she had to look up into his eyes even though he was crouching. She was taken back, a little intimidated but fascinated as well. The sheer size of him momentarily silenced her. 
“I don’t believe that gaining my seat will be possible at this juncture…” Sterling began.
“My cottage is not far, if you are able, we could walk there without too much trouble.” Cecilia interrupted. “I would really like to get a look at that leg. I am one of the local physicians, and I believe that your fall may have loosened the fragments. Also I feel responsible” she continued.
Cecilia felt a little guilty for the white lie. She may not be a physician yet but the other local doctor is out of town and her training and experience as a midwife make her the best option for medial emergencies. The next closest doctor is over an hour ride on a fast horse, not a viable option in emergencies. And she did feel responsible, her dog had caused his horse to suddenly rear. 
Sterling silently gave his acquiescence and began to trudge around the blackberry bush leaning heavily on the woman. Although in pain he could still appreciate the woman’s soft strength. She was curvy in all the right places but with an underlying strength. Sterling enjoyed the sensation of those curves pressing into his body.
It occurred to him that with such intimate touching he should at least know her name. “This may seem a little awkward but I feel that if we are to become more closely acquainted I should at least know your name. I am Sterling Fairchild, former Captain of the British Brigade, and who may you be?” 
She assumed that he already knew who she was, the gossip should have already reached him. Wearily she replied “My name is Cecilia Wright.” 
When he showed no reaction to her name she figured that he must not have heard about her yet. But, she knew, he would in time and would treat her as the other local gentry did, with a cold shoulder. But still she was never one to hold a grudge. Cecilia vowed to help those who needed her, including those who shunned her. Besides maybe he would be the exception rather than the rule.
“Well Miss Cecilia Wright, I am happy to make your acquaintance, even under these unpleasant circumstances.”
Cecilia did not know what to say to that so she remained silent, grabbed his horse’s bridal and pressed on towards her home.



Chapter Five

It took several minutes for the house to come into sight. Walking on narrow paths through fields was much harder when supporting someone else. By that time they were both exhausted, but with a last push they made it to the backdoor which led directly into the kitchen from the garden.
They entered the house through the kitchen, Cecilia thought expediency was better than being proper.  When they came through the door they met Mary as she was mopping while her daughter, Ella, watched. Mary came to live with her a year ago pregnant and in need of a midwife. She was alone, not married and she had spent the last of her savings in the village buying a small lunch. Cecilia had found her standing alone looking desperate with nowhere to go while the locals gave her the cut direct. Knowing that look well Cecilia carefully approached her and introduced herself. She soon learned that Mary was well born and when her parents found out that she was increasing they disowned her, turning her out into the streets with only her savings she had from her monthly allowance. 
From then on Mary lived with her and when she gave birth to her daughter Ella, they stayed. Cecilia was never one to turn someone away and she was grateful for the help, although her house was tidy, cleaning was not on her list of favorite things to do and with so many other tasks that needed to be done, cleaning sometimes fell to the wayside, Mary took up the slack.
Mary seeing that Cecilia was struggling to support a strange man quickly came to their aid. Having injured people at the cottage was not uncommon, although having a well dressed one was. Most people who used Ms. Wright’s services were local villagers, people who could not afford the services of a real physician. From the kitchen they made their way down the hall toward the library, which was the exam room. By the time they got Sterling to the exam table he was white as a sheet with pain. He sat down on the table without being told.
Taking charge of the situation Cecilia spoke. “Mary could you please go to Blackbrier Park and tell Mr. Jefferson that there was an accident and Captain Sterling is here and injured.”

Leaning back on his arms with his leg extended Sterling gritted out ”When you tell the estate manager please also speak to my man Thomas, tell him that my leg is acting up.” 
“He will need a carriage to return to Blackbrier Park.” Cecilia continued. “If it is okay with you, my lord, Mary will return your horse when she gives the message. You will not be riding him horse anytime soon.”
Sterling silently agreed with a nod and Cecilia assisted Sterling so he was lying on his back with his legs stretched out on the table. As soon as Mary left Cecilia began to methodically remove his pants. Having seen her fair share of limbs as a physician and midwife she ignored the fact that she was undressing the most attractive man she had ever met. 
Sterling, in pain, was not as dismissive. His leg was not as attractive as one would want when in the presence of a pretty lady and recent weight loss made him not in top shape.
Solely focused on the leg and the injury and the fragments she detected earlier she did not see his distress as she examined him. “I think that some fragments may have cut loose and are rising to the surface. I would like to make an incision to see if I can remove any of the pieces.” Finally looking into Sterling's eyes she smiled questionably for permission. Reassuringly she continued “I can give you a light sedative for the pain.”
Sterling was hesitant to be sedated but he knew that what she was going to do will be very painful. Intrinsically trusting her he agreed and Cecilia turned away to get the necessary items. She retrieved chloroform to make him sleep and her instruments. Dropping a small amount on to a clean white piece of linen she pressed it to his face instructing him to breathe deeply. As the chloroform took effect she went into the kitchen to heat water to cleanse her tools. Her mother taught her to always clean her hands and equipment. Her experiences taught her that her patients were less likely to have an infection when she washed her hands and supplies before each birth and those lessons were passed to Cecilia to use in her midwifery as well as a physician.
She laid out her tools on the table on top of another piece of clean linen and lovingly caressed them. Whenever she took out her tools she remembered that her father gave them as a present when she started her apprenticeship with the local doctor. He had said that a true physician deserved quality tools and so he had custom tools created with quality materials that fit her hands. Most other instruments were made larger to fit male hands, too big for her. It was the best present she had every received, one that told her that her father truly approved of her decision to become a physician.
After cleansing the tools she returned to the library to see that the chloroform has taken effect, he was in a sound sleep but not too deep to be dangerous.  Alone, she was able to survey Sterling Fairchild without him returning the favor. He was impressive, he was the tallest man she had ever met, his feet and a good part of his calves hung over the table that was specially made for people to lie on. He was also the most handsome man she had ever met. He has dark hair the color of midnight, a deep tan complexion from the powerful rays of the Spanish sun and eyes, when open, that were a deep, clear cerulean blue. Cecilia noted the scar the day before but was too preoccupied with the realization that the new owner of Blackbrier Park had finally arrived to really take notice. When she did get a closer look at the scar it was very harsh and still red. Whoever sewed it up did not do a good job but she imagined that in a war zone superficial wounds such as a cut on his face did not take precedence or gain special attention. She knew that in time the scar would fade away and would soon be unnoticeable. Besides although not attractive in itself it did not take away from his looks, the scar highlighted the rugged masculinity of his face drawing attention to his eyes.
Shaking off her inappropriate thought she concentrated on her job. After tying on her apron she picked up her scalpel and began probing for the loose pieces in his leg. The first cut was always the hardest but once she began she concentrated on removing as much as she could without damaging the leg or muscles extensively. As she thought, the fall loosened some fragments. There was fresh tearing from the sharp edges of the pieces in the thigh muscle, which was no doubt causing a lot of pain. Cecilia decided to take time to remove all of the fragments, even the ones that were not loosened from the fall. It would be better to take the time now and have him heal one more time than have him deal with the pain for the rest of his life.
She was interrupted only once when his servant, Thomas, arrived. After explaining what happened and initial overview of the wound he stayed quiet standing in the corner leaving her to her work. It was slightly unnerving but after years of men doubting her abilities as a physician she had become accustomed to such heavy scrutiny.
After seeing what she was doing and how carefully she was working Thomas was confident in her abilities, staying in the field hospital made him aware of the difference between good, bad and incompetent surgeons.  It was well over and hour before she began to sew up the wound but by the looks of the dish holding the discarded fragments it seems that the damage reopening the wound inflicted, paled in comparison to the benefits of removing the metal pieces.
Finishing up Cecilia exhaled and turned to face Thomas. “It looks like I got all of the fragments in his leg.” Wiping her hands she continued “With any luck he should not have any pain after it heals. He will wake in about an hour. I know you must be eager to return him to Blackbrier Park but I would like him to stay at least a day or two to make sure it doesn't become infected.”
Thomas agreed and began preparing for a short stay. He sent the carriage back with the driver with instructions to bring several changes of clothes for both Sterling and Thomas.



Chapter Six

Sterling woke with a slight stinging in his thigh but not the wrenching pain he had lived with before. Senses stunted from the effects of the chloroform, it took a few minutes for him to take in his surroundings and remember where he was. He was laying on a bed wrapped in a soft, colorful blanket that was worn and faded with age. The room had a low sloped ceiling and one window with the clear morning sunlight shining through. He vaguely remembered sometime the day before Thomas and Miss Wright wrestling him up a flight of stairs and into the bed. 
He felt a small warm weight leaning against the calf of his uninjured leg, looking down he saw a suspicious lump at the end of the bed. It slowly began moving up the bed under the covers and emerged. It was a dog. The dog from yesterday that caused his horse to throw him. Still half under the covers the dog looked at him, it’s sad, brown liquid eyes expressed his sorrow as if to say, I never meant for you to get hurt. Sterling sighed. Rufus, sensing no real anger bound up the bed in an effort to lick his face. Sterling stopped him with an accepting rub between his ears, he never did hold a grudge. 
Abruptly the dog jumped off the bed and jumped against the door, he heard his mistress start to climb up the stairs.  
Sterling saw the door handle slowly turn and pulled himself into a sitting position, preparing for a visitor. The movement caused a shooting pain that called attention to his injured leg and he felt sore from the fall, he definitely had a bruise. 
She came into the room like a breath of fresh air, carrying a tray with the aroma of breakfast. At first Cecilia did not notice that he was awake, she was busy trying to stay quiet, concentrating on not dropping the tray laden with food and getting Rufus to back away from the door as he jumped in excitement. She looked up toward her patient and she saw that not only was he awake, he was also sitting up smiling at her.  Cecilia uttered a small “Oh” when she saw him.
She started to walk towards him and began to reintroduce herself “I am Cecilia…”
“Cecilia Wright” Sterling finished for her.
“Good, you remember what happened yesterday. Sometimes when a patient is injured and I use the chloroform they do not remember anything that happened.”
I don’t think that I could ever forget her Sterling thought to himself. Not one to believe in love at first sight, Sterling was very attracted.
Ignoring his silence she set the tray on a side table, Cecilia continued “I would like to look at your leg to see if it is healing properly.” As she pulled back the blanket that laid over his thigh. “So far you have not contracted a fever and that is a good sign.”
Sterling was oddly very self-conscious, he was laying there dressed in a nightshirt and small clothes, more clothes than he usually wears when he goes to bed, but he felt self-aware as she pulled back the cover to inspect his leg. His trepidation may come from the fact that since his injury he has lost a significant amount of weight, almost three stones. But mostly he knew that he did not want to look like an invalid around her.
After closely examining the stitches in the leg and feeling for heat and swelling  Cecilia said “It looks good. The swelling has gone down. I would like you to stay here one more day before being moved back to Blackbrier Park. I do not want to jostle it too much it might reopen and start bleeding again.”
Cecilia picked up the blanket and recovered the leg and then looked into Sterling’s eyes, their eyes caught and held for a second but felt like a lifetime. Embarrassed she turned to pick up the breakfast tray that she had set down on the side table. Placing the tray on the edge of the bed she continued “I brought you breakfast, you will need to eat for your leg to heal properly.” Sterling frowned slightly “Lately I have not had much of an appetite, but I will give it a go.” Then began to reach for the rasher of bacon, satisfied Cecilia turned to leave him to his breakfast.  
As soon as Cecilia left Sterling put down the bacon strip and set the tray back on the side table, he had no appetite. He pulled the covers aside and gently poked the wound and flexed his leg. Although sore there was not the deep stabbing pain that had been there for the last several months. Hope began to unfurl in his chest. Sterling laid back and slid into an exhausted yet healing slumber with a smile playing across his lips.
Cecilia closed the door behind her, but paused before descending the stairs. She was mortified to be caught looking at him, she knew that she did not have a chance with him, that he would marry a girl with a proper family. He was not interested in some society outsider who moons over him. Cecilia made a vow from now on treat him as any other patient, with a professional detachment.
Later that afternoon Cecilia returned to the room to check her patient. She knocked and after she heard a call to enter she opened the door to find Thomas and Sterling talking. “I’m sorry, I did not mean to interrupt. I can return later….” She began backing out of the room.
“No!” Sterling interrupted quickly “Thomas was just leaving.” Thomas gave Sterling an odd look but left without a word, nodding politely to Cecilia as he exited.
”I want to look at your wound.” Cecilia said     
With a gesture toward his leg indicating acceptance he leaned back on the pillow. “Look at your leisure.” Blushing slightly Cecilia approached the bed wanting to distract herself and determined to maintain her commitment Cecilia asked “Where did you acquire your injury?”
“The war.”
Captain Fairchild’s short answer indicated that the topic was not up for discussion, not in the least offended Cecilia moved on. People, especially men with debilitating handicaps did not like to talk about how they received their wounds. Casually Cecilia asked “Are you enjoying Blackbrier Park?”
Relieved to discuss something not related to his leg he answered “Yes, I did not know what to expect. The estate had set idle for so long I was concerned that it had fallen into disrepair.”
“So you have owned it for a while?” she asked as if she did not know exactly how long ago it had sold.
“Yes and no, I have owned it for two years but I did not know it until about a week ago.” Then he went into detail about his brother purchasing it for him skirting the details about the war. “Luckily the estate manager has kept everything up to par.” He finished.
Captain Fairchild’s story gave Cecilia a sense of relief. She had been disturbed by the thought that the new owner was one of those society gentlemen who let their property fall into disrepair while draining the coffers. The captain’s explanation released a huge weight off her mind.
“It sounds like you brother loves you very much.”
“Yes, he knew I was restless and wanted me to be happy.”
There was a short pregnant pause when Captain Fairchild seemed to stare into space. It was broken as Rufus jumped into Sterling’s lap, impatient after being ignored for so long. Cecilia continued with a lighthearted conversation focusing on Rufus’ misbehavior.



Chapter Seven

Sterling was both glad to return to Blackbrier Park and sad to leave Rose Cottage. He was glad to return because he was ready to delve into his new estate, he wanted to get to know everyone and everything, to take pride in ownership and begin improvement to the property. Yet he was disappointed to leave Cecilia, he could sense a growing connection between them and he did not want to lose it. Sterling did not know where it was going but he knew that it was important to keep her by his side and leaving her home was not an ideal situation. He would have to think of a way to keep her close.
As Sterling lay there thinking Thomas packed their things, although there was not much stuff to pack and they did not stay long Thomas had brought supplies for all contingencies, his training as a solider had taught him to always be prepared. While putting the last of Sterling’s clothes into the satchel they both heard the approach of horses and carriage. Earlier that morning Thomas sent word to have the coach pick them up. Captain Fairchild was in no condition to ride back to Blackbrier.
Sterling was glad that Thomas had ordered the carriage, he could not stand at this point much less ride a horse. He sat up and swung his legs over the side of the bed and prepared for the upcoming ordeal.
The bedroom door opened and Cecilia entered with a newly hired Blackbrier Park footman following close behind. Dressed in the slightly aged black and gold uniform of Blackbrier Park, John, the footmen was over six feet tall, as all footmen are, and looked capable of assisting Sterling down the stairs without causing too much damage. He may vaguely remember going up the stairs but what he doesn’t remember was the jarring pain and awkward efforts of Thomas and Miss Wright.
Cecilia knew that this was going to be difficult; they needed to move him across the room, down the stairs, through the door and into the carriage without causing undue damage to his leg. Over the last two days the wound has been healing and she was afraid that moving him would reopen the cut setting him back in his recovery. 
Both Thomas and John, the footman, assisted Sterling in standing on his good leg. Once up they each took an arm and adjusted their holds so that they were holding each arm across their shoulders and he was suspended a couple of inches off the floor. Luckily the stairs in her home were fairly wide allowing all three men to squeeze down the steps together. Cecilia walked down the steps in front of them prepared to protect the leg from unnecessary disturbances. It was slow going as they took each step one at a time, Cecilia backing out the door and down the stairs with her hands hovering just above the leg, protecting it. As one, John and Thomas moved sideways to clear the front door and then they approached the carriage. 
Quickly Cecilia entered the carriage and prepared to help anyway she could.  After many tries they finally got Sterling in the carriage with a minimal amount of damage. They ended up setting Sterling on the floor of the carriage then Thomas climbed into the carriage and lifted him from under the arms onto the seat while John held his lower extremities. After much maneuvering, Sterling ended up sitting on one of the benches and resting his leg on the other. Cecilia climbed into the carriage and sat across from him as Thomas and John climbed up in to the driver’s seat, then they made their way to Blackbrier Park.
The carriage ride was short but it still brought back memories of her childhood.  As she sat in semi silence she fingered a rough patch of wood that had been chewed on at the edge of the bench seat. Rufus had gotten a hold of the seat’s edge while she was sleeping on the way to a short holiday to the shore with her parents. The memories of a better time brought a sheen of tears to her eyes. Shaking off the sadness she turned to Sterling and smiled.
Sterling, embarrassed by all the fuss, was quiet during ride but he did see the tears in her eyes. He was puzzled but when she noticed him watching her she smiled and he was dazzled.
After a few minutes in the carriage they approached Blackbrier Park’s long country drive. The house, which is set back from the lane by several hundred yards, was a fairly large country manor surrounded by manicured lawns and a garden that included a small maze. In the spring the flowers bloom making it in Cecilia’s estimation the most beautiful place on earth. The house itself was built of brick and slate some of which dated back several centuries. The front courtyard had a round driveway of crushed shells and a fountain in the center so that carriages could pull up to the front door, graced with wide stone steps and giant pillars that welcomed you. After two years of neglect the gardens were slightly overgrown and the driveway could use some weeding. The gardeners were let go along with the rest of the staff when her stepmother sold it. Cecilia was now confident that Captain Fairchild would have the house and the grounds in ship shape before long.
After pulling to a stop in front of the house John and Thomas jumped down from the driver’s seat, opened the door and handed Cecilia down. Sterling with the help of Thomas supporting his leg made his way down to the floor with his feet sticking out of the open carriage door. Then both Thomas and John helped him stand on his good leg. Together they assisted him up the stairs and through the front door into the foyer.
Sterling noticed a significant change to the house as soon as he entered. When he had first arrived the house had been closed and there were not any live-in servants.  There had been white sheets thrown over all of the furniture and a thick coating of dust in all of the rooms. In the last two days the estate manager, Mr. Fairchild, had hired some locals girls to give the whole house a thorough cleaning from top to bottom. All the furniture covers had been removed and even the floors had been polished to a high gleam. Satisfied at the changes Sterling briefly saw, the men continued on up the grand staircase, down the long hall to the master suite. Cecilia, who was following behind quickly rushed to open the heavy double doors for them.
The master suite was a large room with heavy, dark furniture. Navy drapes surrounded large glass windows on two walls making the room, which could be dark and depressing, light and masculine. The room featured a sitting area with doors connecting to another bedroom, presumably the lady of the house’s bedchamber although Cecilia had never seen it used as such.  Doors also led to a modern bathing room and a good sized dressing room. The suite’s focal point was a large four poster bed with navy and chocolate velvet drapes and brocade bedding. 
Thomas and John immediately went to the bed and sat Sterling down.  Cecilia paused at the door for a second as more memories of her childhood washed over her. She could remember as a child lying in bed with her parents watching the dust motes dancing through the morning sunlight. 
Cecilia approached the bed as Sterling settled in a more comfortable position. Motioning to his leg she said “If you do not mind I want to check it one more time before I leave, I want to make sure no damage was done.” She turned so she could look at both Sterling and Thomas and continued “so if you could…” and quickly indicated for Sterling's pants to be removed. Blushing, she quickly left the room with John following her.
A few minutes later Thomas opened the door and Cecilia slipped into the room.  Sterling was lying propped up on the bed with big goose down pillows behind his back his injured leg was already out and ready for inspection with the rest of him covered by the coverlet. After an initial survey Cecilia was relieved to see that the wound had not reopened and that aside from fatigue from the move Sterling was in good condition. “It looks good, I will want to come back to check its progress periodically, especially for the next few days.” Cecilia said “I need you to rest, the best thing for that leg to heal is sleeping and eating.” with a stern visage she continued “I noticed that you did not eat much at my house but I am going to have to insist that you eat a great deal  more.” Experience told Cecilia that nutritious meals helped the healing process.
It occurred to Sterling the best way to get to know her was to keep Cecilia close at hand. Tentatively he suggested “If you are concerned with my eating habits and it is amendable to you, we can schedule the check-ups on my healing in the afternoons and then we could share luncheon.” Seeing no other recourse, although it contradicted the pledge to herself, it would make sure he was following all of her dictates, Cecilia agreed.



Chapter Eight

Cecilia woke the next morning and after her absolutions she continued on with her daily chores. With the help of Mary she watered the garden, gathered the eggs fresh from the chicken coop, and harvested some young vegetables that had just ripened. Then she finished picking the blackberries from the day before and baked the tart she had planned for the Smithes. Noticing the time on the grandfather clock in the foyer she quickly changed into fresh clothing in preparation for her lunch with Captain Fairchild.
At a quarter till noon the old Blackbrier Park carriage with John driving pulled up in front of Rose Cottage. Not waiting for him to come to the front door to retrieve her Cecilia grabbed her black physician’s bag, opened the front door and walked down the steps. John, who was by then half way up the walk stopped, returned to the carriage and opened the door. He took her bag before he handed her up. This was all accomplished in complete silence, and it warmed her heart to get back to an old routine.
Cecilia had known John for a long time; before her father died he had escorted her on all her patient calls. Once her father’s wife had taken over Blackbrier Park and sold it she had let go almost all of the staff, including John. The tall sandy haired young man had returned to the local village and worked with his father. It seems that Mr. Jefferson, the estate manager who was one of the few that retained their position, began rehiring the old servants. Cecilia was glad to see him, she had not said anything to him yesterday but the small smile she gave him conveyed all of her feelings. The one he reciprocated assured her that he felt the same, glad to be back working for Blackbrier Park.
When they arrived, the butler Garvis opened the door. Although she had not seen him the day before she was relieved and happy to see him as well. She had grown up with Garvis acting as a second father to her when her father was not there and she was saddened when he was terminated. Luckily he was able to find employment with a lesser family who wanted the prestige of having a former Earl’s butler as their own. 
Disregarding the rules of polite society and not settling for the warm smile that Garvis bestowed upon her Cecilia embraced him in an enthusiastic hug. This was the first time in almost two years that they had seen each other.
Thomas who was walking down the corridor as the front door opened noted the unusual reception but remain silent and continued on his way.
After their initial greeting Garvis straightened his uniform and returned to his typical manner of servant superiority and escorted her to the lord’s bedchamber. Softly he knocked on the door and after receiving a call to enter he opened the door and announced “Miss Cecilia Wright, My Lord.” Cecilia entered the room with John behind her still carrying her bag.
Sterling was sitting up in the bed wearing a dark blue robe that brought out the color of his eyes. Beside him on a rolling cart was a lunch service in sterling silver. Seeing that they were no longer needed Garvis and John exited the room setting the black physician’s bag on the floor next to the door.
Immediately apprehensive she approached the bed. “Good morning my lord” she greeted him. Sterling put on his most disarming smile; he saw her hesitation as soon as she entered the room. “Not my lord, my brother has that honor, I am simply Sterling Fairchild.”
“Your brother?”
“My brother is Marcus Fairchild, Duke of Penworth.”
“You still are a lord.”
“Only an honorary title, besides one relaxes their noble bloodlines when fighting on the peninsula, I have not used the title in some time.”
“Well then , Good afternoon Mr. Fairchild”
“Good afternoon Miss Wright” he returned.
Switching subjects Cecilia asked “I would like to look at your leg first if it’s all right with you?”
“Better to do it beforehand so we both do not loose our lunches” he laughed self depreciably.
Seeing his attempt at humor for what it was, a deflection for the seriousness of the wound Cecilia decided to play along. “Having seen many sorts of wounds I have a strong constitution.”
Sterling reached over and grabbed the coverlet in his lap and tossed it aside revealing his legs. He wore nightclothes; a pair of loosely fitting stripped cotton pants with one leg cut to reveal the wound. “Special pajamas made for ease of access.” Sterling said.
“How convenient.” replied Cecilia.
Pulling up a chair that had obviously been brought up for lunch she set it close to the bed parallel to his leg. Retrieving her bag from where John had set it on the floor Cecilia removed scissors and a probe. Using the scissors she cut the bandage wrapped around Sterling’s thigh. Gazing around the room she located a wastebasket and disposed of the soiled gauze. Leaning over the leg and using her probe she gently prodded the red stitches checking for any infection or excess swelling. After a few minutes she leaned back and exhaled releasing the air from her lungs that she had unconsciously held. She turned to Captain Fairchild with a smile and said “Everything looks fine, there's not too much swelling.”
Satisfied with his progress she stood and moved the cart next to the bed so that Captain Fairchild would not have to be moved to partake in lunch. She then pulled her chair so that she was on the opposite side facing him for better conversation. 
Sterling did not know what to do with Ms. Wright now that he had her, his plan had not moved beyond seeing her again. Unsure of what to talk about he searched his mind for a topic that was appropriate but not as dull as the usual topics of conversation which was mainly focused on the weather. He decided that discussing the locals and the village was a safe bet, she did live in the area.
“Have you lived in Blackbrier long?” he asked.
“Yes, I was born here.”
“That must mean that you know the locals well then.”
“I am not aquainted with the gentry but I do know the villagers rather well.”
“Perfect, I will be starting some improvements to the estate in the coming months and your knowledge should be invaluable.”
“I am sure that the estate manager, Mr. Jefferson would know them as well I.”
“Yes, but your probably know them better.”
“Perhaps.”
“This morning I met with Jefferson and what little of the property I saw I already have some improvements in mind.”
“Oh?”
“Yes, I noticed that one of the fields needs better drainage and I wanted to look into the new ways for harvesting that I had heard about.” Sterling reached up and rubbed his forehead, one of his headaches was coming on.
Cecilia, a very perceptive person, did not miss the gesture. She also did not miss that he had barely eaten or that he must not have slept very much, he looked fatigued. He needed sleep the most but it seems that he was up early discussing agriculture with Mr. Jefferson.
“My lord?”
“Sterling” he insisted
“Captain Fairchild.” She maintained. “You have a headache, you have not eaten and from the sounds and looks of you, you have not slept. You need to heal, it takes a lot of energy to recover from such a wound, especially after an operation. Discussing the fields is not resting.”
“I am not-not eating to spite you. I have not had a large appetite for some time.” Not wanting her to think that he was ignoring her advice he hastened to explain that since his injury he had not been very hungry, causing him to lose weight. “Yes, I do have a headache, it seems like I have had a headache for one reason or another for months. It has nothing to do with my fall the other day and I am sure that it shall go away soon. Plus I did sleep last night and woke late this morning; I only just spoke to Jefferson.”
Looking at him Cecilia thought that for a man who had slept so much he still looked tired. “I am going to leave and I want you to continue resting. If you cannot sleep just relax, no estate business. I understand that there is an extensive library downstairs.”
“You will be return tomorrow, correct?”
“Yes, I will be here tomorrow to check on your leg.”
“And for lunch.”
“Yes, and for lunch. Good day.” and with that she gathered her bag and departed.
Sterling laid back into the pillows satisfied. He had not made a great showing today but he would see her tomorrow. What little he had seen of her intrigued him and he wanted to see more.

****

Perplexed over Captain Fairchild’s continued lack of appetite, headaches and fatigue that he was experiencing, on the way home after lunch, Cecilia decided to consult her medical texts. She vaguely recalled an article about musket wounds and similar symptoms and she wanted to see if he was suffering from the same condition and if there was a cure. Focused, she exited the carriage without waiting for John to open the door and made a beeline to the library. She absently waved goodbye at John as she entered the house. John, used to her single minded concentration smiled to himself remembering the past when they used to make calls together.
Cecilia quickly removed her bonnet and gloves, placed them on the sideboard in the hallway. Then she walked up to the bookshelves lining the library walls. She pulled down several texts and journals that she thought the article was in. Her arms full, she walked to her favorite chair which was situated in the corner and stacked the books on the floor. She toed off her slippers, curled up in the large, deep, leather wing backed chair and picked up the first book and began reading, quickly skimming the chapter headings in the table of contents.
After several hours pouring over the articles she finally found the article she remembered. Written by a former field doctor, it described the symptoms of soldiers who were shot and the musket balls that had shattered, making it hard to remove all the pieces. The pieces caused what he called lead poisoning. Symptoms included; muscle weakness, lack of appetite, changes in sleeping patterns, headaches and weight loss. Sitting back in the chair Cecilia stared at the volumes lining the walls of the library and began thinking. Sterling said that he had been having headaches and no appetite but she wondered if the dramatic weight loss was also a result of the lead poisoning rather than his previous illness. He had not indicated restless sleeping but he may have attributed that to just being in the war.
Deciding she needed a break while pondering, Cecilia got up and stretched her sore limbs then made her way to the kitchen to make some tea. Mary and Ella were in the kitchen preparing dinner. Mary was putting the finishing touches on a meat pie and Ella was lying on a soft blanket playing in the middle of the room with wooden blocks. Suddenly hungry as well as thirsty, Cecilia offered to help. Together they skinned and boiled some young potatoes from the garden and toasted some slices of bread as the meat pie cooked.
Following dinner Cecilia scrubbed the dishes as Mary put Ella to bed. Finished, she returned to the library to search for something to help with the lead poisoning. She remembered years ago some women used a face power, the Venetian Ceruse, with lead in it to achieve a pale complexion. With constant use those women suffered from what the doctors believed was lead poisoning, showing symptoms of headaches and fatigue. She recalled reading a theory from a physician that women who used the powder and drank orange juice were not as affected by the damage the lead caused. 
She searched the medical journals for the article as Cecilia wondered to herself if the same treatment could help Captain Fairchild. Maybe now that the lead musket ball pieces were out of his leg his symptoms would decrease or even cease to exist. It was a farfetched correlation but anything as benign as orange juice was worth a try, even if it only helped minimally. Finding the article, a quick scan showed that she remembered correctly, although unproven, orange juice may help. Not foreseeing any adverse effects she decided to suggest the treatment to Captain Fairchild. Cecilia knew where she could get the fresh oranges; she just needed Captain Fairchild to request them from the orangery’s owner. 
The next afternoon, after a long night of more research Cecilia felt that she had all her ducks in a row and was prepared to speak with Captain Fairchild about his treatment. She was gathering her journals and notes when she heard the carriage pull up and she was reaching for her frock when John knocked on the door. Mary was the first one to reach it as she was in the salon, closer to the door. Opening the door she invited John in and Cecilia called out “I will be just one moment, John. I am gathering my things.”
A few moments later she walked through the door carrying a satchel with her research as well as her medical bag. John immediately took both articles from her and Cecilia reach for her bonnet, hanging from the hook by the door. Slipping on the bonnet and tying the bow under her chin at a jaunty angle she smiled at John and said “I am ready to go.”
The carriage ride was quick and Cecilia was eager to speak with Captain Fairchild. She felt the excitement that occurs when she knows she can help someone. This time she felt it even more so, deep down she knew that this was more. Not wanting to examine her feelings too closely, she stepped down from the carriage and pulled herself together. 
She did not need to knock on the door, when she reached the top step Garvis was at the door to greet her. “Milady” he greeted
“Garvis” she returned ”I will show myself up to his lordship’s room, no need to escort me.” She then turned to John to collect her bags, John seeing her intent pulled the bags closer to himself and raised an eyebrow as if to say I don’t think so.
Seeing the exchange Garvis smiled to himself and returned to supervising the staff.
Entering the master suite Cecilia motioned John, who had followed her up the stairs, to put her bags down on the floor beside the bed. When he was finished he turned and left closing the door behind him. She approached the bed and asked “How are you this afternoon Captain Sterling?”
“Good, the stitches itch a little bit though.”
“That’s good it means that it is healing, knitting the skin back together.”
Leaning down she unlatched her physician bag and pulled out her tools and supplies, with the same movements as the day before she quickly finished her exam then wrapped the leg in fresh bandages.

Satisfied that the thigh was still healing properly she recovered his leg with the blankets and sat down in the club chair that she had moved closer to the bed the day before. “Before lunch arrives I wanted to discuss with you a thought I had.”
At Captain Fairchild’s nod to go on Cecilia continued “Yesterday you mentioned that you have migraines and you had lost a good two stones since your injury.  I think that the musket bullet pieces that I pulled from your leg have given you a case of lead poisoning. There are other symptoms than weight loss and fatigue including restless sleep and fatigue. Have you experienced any of those symptoms?”
Ms. Wright’s questions gave Sterling pause, he had thought that his restless slumber for some time was an after effect of the war.  He was so used to doing without sleep or sleeping lightly for the last two years that it did not occur to him that his patterns should have changed when he returned to England. And exhaustion was another after effect of war and  not sleeping well.
Happy to confirm her suspicions, but not the result on Captain Fairchild, she pulled out all the research from her satchel that she had collected and began explaining her findings. “I remembered reading an article from a field surgeon about soldiers with weight loss and fatigue. He thought that it was a result of lead poising. Then I read a text on lead poisoning that women contracted in the last century because of the lead in their face paint.” Cecilia pulled both articles from her papers and handed them to Sterling. ”That doctor noted a decrease in effect to women who drank orange juice regularly. I believe, if you drink orange juice you may see a faster improvement on your condition.” After speaking Cecilia sat in expectant silence as she watched Sterling peruse the texts she gave him.
Sterling quickly skimmed through Cecilia’s findings and the laid the papers down on his lap. Turning to Cecilia he said “I trust that you will do what you think is best and I think that your proposal makes perfect sense and orange juice couldn't hurt. So... I guess the next step is to find an orange tree.” 
Cecilia let out the little breath she was holding in and smiled. Sterling for the first time experiencing the full force of that smile, resolved to make that smile appear as often as he could. 
“Squire Helm has an orangery but his wife doesn’t approve of me so I would not be able to get them for you but…” Cecilia trailed
“If I were to personally ask for them they may be more forthwith” Sterling finished for her.
“Yes.” she agreed.
“I‘ll send Thomas around with a note. I shall probably have to dine with them one evening after I have healed. Something I would rather avoid if they are insufferable.”
“They are not insufferable.”
“They must be if they disapprove of you.”
Cecilia was warmed by him sentiment and blushed at the off handed compliment. Both pleased with the outcome they settled into their lunch enjoying the hearty meal and good conversation.
The next morning Sterling fished through the invitations that had been arriving at his door since he took up residence. It took no time at all to find a letter from Squire Helm and his lady wife inviting him to a country dinner at his convenience. He wrote a quick note apologizing that he could not attend anytime in the near future due to an injury but promised to contact them as soon as he was up and about.
Calling John the footman, he had him deliver the note that morning. A few hours later he received a reply from Lady Helms promising to hold a special dinner in his honor as soon as he was healed from his ailment. He wrote back accepting her offer and stating that he should be well enough for polite company in a fortnight or so.

****

Over the fortnight Sterling’s thigh healed fairly quickly under Cecilia’s watchful eye. She checked on him during lunch everyday making sure that he did not put any weight on it and remained in bed. The outside of the wound closed within a few days but Cecilia knew that the healing from the inside would take the most time. Even with his leg healing Sterling still suffered from fatigue and headaches. She hoped that once he starts the orange juice regimen his symptoms will disappear.
Two weeks from the day that Sterling fell from his horse Cecilia gave her approval for Sterling to start moving around with the aid of crutches. She arrived for lunch that day with John the footman in tow carrying a set of wooden crutches. Anticipating moving around more Sterling eagerly prepared to stand up with the crutches under his arms. Cecilia seeing his eagerness cautioned Sterling about overdoing it calling Thomas into the room, Sterling swung his legs over the side of the bed and scooted to the edge. With Cecilia on one side and Thomas on the other, they maneuvered the crutches under his arms and with a count of three stood together. Cecilia was concerned about too much pressure on the leg as well as Sterling’s strength, the operation and the fortnight of bed rest and fatigue he was already suffering from made him weak. Wobbly, standing on his one good leg, Sterling smiled at Cecilia.” It is nice to be standing rather than laying in repose all day. Another few days on my back and I believe that a trip to Bedlam would be in order.” Sterling said looking down at her. “Now that I think of it this is the first time that we have stood eye to eye, so to speak.”
Just then Sterling wavered, his balance tilting him wildly. Thomas caught him, settling Sterling back down on to the bed. “Not for long” he said ruefully.
Cecilia smiled at Sterling without comment and took the crutches. Leaning them up against the wall Cecilia addressed both Sterling and Thomas. “You are only to use the crutches for a few minutes at a time, my lord.” She did not want him using the crutches more than a few hours a day and no more that ten minutes at a time. Sterling agreed to her dictates then said, ”I guess it is time to call upon the Helms.” 



Chapter Nine

Sterling arrived at Squire Helm’s home in the Blackbrier Park carriage, he would have preferred to ride but he was under strict instructions from Cecilia not to strain his leg. He was greeted at the door by the butler who was waiting for him. When he entered the house he struggled to hand his hat and overcoat to a footman waiting, working with his crutches made it difficult. Free of his outer layers he followed the butler into the salon where Squire and Lady Helms waited for him. 
They were not alone, it seems that half the local gentry were waiting for his arrival. When the butler announced him he became the center of attention. Sterling could see that his presence in the neighborhood had kicked up a lot of speculation as he was given close scrutiny from one and all. He watched as their eyes went from his face to his scar to his crutches. From the shock on their faces he guessed that the news of his injury had not spread throughout the countryside as he thought.
He pretended to not notice the attention as his host approached. Sterling’s first impression of the couple was that Squire Helms was the typical country squire with a bulging stomach and ruddy complexion, happy to live his life with the foxes and hounds. The only detraction from his estimation was the firm handshake and intelligence he found when their eyes met. Lady Helms was all that she seemed upon first impression, a local society matron whose position in society was all she lived for, the kind of ladies he had met all over London who lived for gossip.
After a quick introduction Sterling said, “I must excuse myself, I did not mean to schedule our dinner during a supper party. If it is more convenient I can dine with you some other time.” 
Lady Helms tittered then said, “Don’t be silly Captain Fairchild, when you accepted our invitation I let my dearest friends know and they were so excited to meet you that they insisted that they come to dinner as well.”
It looked to Sterling like she spread the news to everyone she had ever met, There was at least forty members of the local society present. 
“I hope you do not mind that our simple dinner had turned into a welcome party.” She continued.
Seeing no other options Sterling gave Lady Helm a smile and said, “Of course not Lady Helms I would love the opportunity to meet all of my new neighbors.”
“Then let me introduce you to the room.” Sterling followed his hosts around the room as he was introduced to everyone in the room. Lady Helms did so with an expression on her face like the cat who got the cream.
As the introductions were finishing the butler opened the salon doors to announce dinner and it could not have come at a better time. Standing on his injured leg was starting to cause Sterling pain and fatigue. Although he was not one to shy away from a little pain Sterling knew he needed to maintain a pleasant attitude for his hosts and the pain was not helping. As he walked to his seat he did so with some difficulty on his crutches.
Sterling was seated, as the guest of honor, next to Squire Helms with his wife directly across from him. A footman was kind enough to take his crutches once he was seated and removed them from the room. 
After the first course of tomato bisque was served, Squire Helms broke the silence and asked Sterling about his military service. “I understand that you fought Napoleon?”
“Yes, sir. I was with the 95th rifles at Waterloo where I was injured.”
“Injured?”
“Yes I was shot in the leg just as the battle was winding down.”
“Well, you seem right as rain now…” the squire said with some embarrassment and continued “Expect for the crutches.”
“Yes, the crutches are a result of a slight accident that aggravated my leg.”
Seeing the conversation as an opening for his sole purpose for coming to the dinner Sterling broached the awkward subject. “Actually, there had been some continuing issues and I am working with a local physician. She had a suggestion that could fix the issue…”
“She?” Lady Helms interrupted rather loudly. Her outburst caught the attention of the whole table. Looking down the table Sterling saw that he had everyone’s attention. He pretended that everyone was not staring at him and continued to only speak to his host and hostess.
“Yes, she. I am working with Ms. Cecilia Wright. Not long after I arrived at Blackbrier I had an accident that aggravated my leg. Luckily Ms. Wright was there and was able to patch me up better than I was before.” 
“I am sure if our good Doctor Grisman,” Lady Helms said pointing towards a man down the table he had met earlier “was there he could have done an excellent job. He attends me whenever I am feeling poorly.”
“I am sure.” Sterling said noncommittally, his brother had some of the best surgeons looking at his leg in London. It was doubtful that a simple country doctor could work the magic on his leg that Ms. Wright did, it took someone special. Before he could continue Lady Helms interrupted again
“Besides I would think that you would want to be looked after by some better than the questionable Ms. Wright.”
Before she could continue Squire Helms interrupted “Lady Helms! Ms. Wright’s circumstances are not up for discussion.” This was the first time that Sterling saw Helms put his foot down with his wife, throughout the evening she had ruled the gathering while her husband patiently stood at her side.
Forging on over Lady Helms’ embarrassment for being put in her place by her husband in front of her friends, Sterling continued from where he was before he was interrupted. Although her comment about Cecilia was filed away to be considered later. “She had a suggestion that could fix issues with continued symptoms from the injury. Her hypothesis was that the wound suffers from lead poisoning, from the musket ball. There are articles in which drinking the juice of oranges may eliminate the problem.” 
Sterling left the unspoken question hanging for the Squire to pick up. Before he could say any more Lady Helms broke in again “We have oranges in our orangery!” Lady Helms did not like to be left out of a conversation and she cannot let her neighbors see her humiliation that her husband caused her.
“Really?” He said knowing full well that they did. “I was going to make a trip to London to procure some.”
“No need! As your neighbor we would be glad to contribute to your experiment” Lady Helms said “And if Ms. Wright’s experiment fails then we will still enjoy the pleasure of your company.”
Lady Helm’s doubt about Ms. Wright’s success was a clear as day. It made Sterling second guess getting the oranges from the Helms. Perhaps he should travel to London for the oranges, that way he would not have to deal with Lady Helms. 
Satisfied, now that he had achieved his goal for the night he knew that the rest of the evening would be spent in eternal torture.



Chapter Ten

As autumn progressed and the leaves turned from green to red and gold Cecilia and Sterling continued to have lunch together daily. Over the last several days in unspoken agreement they dropped the pretense that their lunches were about his leg.  The wound was well past the stage where there was concern for infection. Every day Cecilia thought that this day was the last day that they would lunch together and she would savor the experience but after each meal Sterling would speak as if the next day’s meal was a forgone conclusion. As one of the brightest spots in her day Cecilia never missed an appointment and never mentioned that her visits were not needed anymore. 
Sterling was always diligent about mentioning the next day’s meal because it was the only excuse he could find for Cecilia’s continued presence. He knew that his plan was flawed, that one day he would be completely healed and that even pretenses would not work, but he could not face that eventuality yet.
After one week on the crutches Sterling began to lightly exercise the leg, stretching the muscles and preparing it to accept more of his weight. The orange juice, it turns out, helped tremendously. His appetite returned with a vengeance and Sterling began to rapidly regain weight. Sterling's fatigue also vanished and for the first time in two years he slept deeply through the night.  
Six weeks from their meeting Cecilia arrived at the mansion for their daily lunch. The day before Cecilia had mentioned that when he felt ready Sterling could transition to a cane rather than the crutches he had been using. The exercises had worked and his thigh was much stronger, able to carry his full weight. After so many days of informal visits Cecilia no longer waited for an escort to announce her but rather made her way up the steps after Garvis opened the door. Walking upstairs unescorted Cecilia approached the master bedroom’s double doors. The doors were left open so she could see Sterling standing in the middle of the room consulting some paperwork. In one hand was the papers, in the other he was clutching a new cane. He was leaning into it relieving the weight from his leg. Before she could admonish him for overdoing it on the first day using the cane, something about the cane struck a chord with Cecilia and she stepped forward to get a closer look. Sterling noticed her from the corner of his eye and turned toward her smiling.
Cecilia pointed to the cane and said "I see you've got a cane already."
"Yes" Sterling replied "Thomas dug it up for me." 
Shifting his weight back slightly Sterling maneuvered the cane so he was holding it to reveal the cane's head. The cane was bronze in the shape of a hawks head. The hawk was cawing, beak open and tongue extended. It took just a moment for Cecilia to recognize where she had seen the cane before. It was her father’s cane; she had thought that he had taken it with him the last time he had left the estate. She remembered as a child playing with the figurine. Then as she got older her father revealed the secret of the cane. Had she known it was at Blackbrier Park she would have taken it long ago. Although it did not have any real value it was sentimental to her, reminding her of the time they spent together. She decided to say nothing, maybe she could get it from Sterling in the future.
After lunch Cecilia and Sterling took their customary stroll in the formal gardens behind the manor. They began walking a few weeks before when Sterling become strong enough to support himself for extended periods of time, it was an excellent form of exercise. The garden featured a large maze that if one were not careful could be lost in. It also featured many stone benches for conversing, but also excellent for resting Sterling’s leg. The first time that they had walked the maze Sterling was slightly puzzled at the ease Cecilia was navigating the path without once getting turned around. Not thinking too much of it he brushed it off with the reasoning that she grew up in the area and she had probably been in the maze several times. 
Like many times before after navigating the maze Sterling and Cecilia approached the maze’s secret. Inside that maze was a large Greek arbor with a water feature and small bench. It was a perfect spot for a lovers rendezvous or in their case a resting place for Sterling's leg. Sitting on the bench they often spoke of their favorite books and other such interests. 
Sterling sat with his injured leg stretched before him and the cane casually leaning against the bench seat between them. Navigating the maze for the first time with the crutches, Sterling was slightly tired but he did not let it faze him. Engrossed in their conversation Cecilia began to play with the cane. Laughing with Sterling, as she had not before her father died, she unconsciously picked up the cane resting beside her. Fiddling with the head she pressed the hawk’s tongue, something she used to do when her father was alive.  
Sterling, enjoying the day and Cecilia’s company, heard the faint click as Cecilia released the mechanism that revealed the secret of the cane. Curious he reached for the cane and Cecilia still focused on the story she was telling abruptly stopped as she felt his hands on hers. Electricity went up through her hands and she briefly froze. Then she realized what she had done as he took the cane from her. Sterling felt the same jolt and for a brief moment enjoyed the chemistry that they shared before he took the cane.  Removing the long silver sword from it’s Malacca wood sheath he admired the craftsmanship as the eagle's head now became the hilt on the long thin blade with a sharp rapier point.
“I thought the cane had some excess weight.” Sterling said in wonder as he examined the sword. “Have you seen a cane like this before? Is that how you knew to find the release?”
Truthfully she answered “I was not thinking, I just touched the tongue and the latch released.” Quickly she continued “It’s getting late we should return to the house, I must be getting home.”
Relieved that Sterling accepted what she said; it was time for their walk to end and that she was not questioned further. Cecilia jumped up from the bench and started to make her way out of the maze, leaving Sterling to follow after he returned the sheath to the sword-cane. She did not know why she did not want to tell him that the old Earl was her father, maybe she did not want to break the spell that had enveloped them.

****

It was the next week that Sterling started to really take notice of Cecilia and the relationship that she had with the household staff. He was walking down the main staircase on his way to the library before their daily lunch to finish up some paperwork when he saw Cecilia and the new housekeeper, Mrs. Wilberforce talking. He caught the tail end of the conversation “...I am so happy to be back. You father would be so ashamed to know what happened to you.” 
Cecilia saw Sterling coming and did not respond, she quickly turned and faced Sterling. Mrs. Wilberforce curtsied then excused herself while Cecilia continued to stand there smiling at Sterling. With a slight furrowed brow Sterling asked “Do you know the new housekeeper?”
“She is from the area” Cecilia responded vaguely and before Sterling could ask another question she changed the subject asking “How is your leg this morning?”
Puzzled Sterling decided to let it pass, he would ponder the odd conversation and Cecilia’s response later. “It is good, a little sore from the exercise.” 
“That is good, it means that you are rebuilding muscle and strength. Just be careful to not over do it, you would not want a setback.”
Sterling agreed with an affirmative nod and with a gesture escorted Cecilia to his bedroom for their lunch. Cecilia wondered if it would not be better if they dined in the formal dining room rather than his suite now that he was walking with the use of the cane but thought it better to not ask. Although unorthodox she enjoyed their private meals.

****

A fortnight later it was one of those private meals that resulted in one of Cecilia's most memorable and pleasurable moments of her life. They were sitting across from each other at the makeshift table that Sterling arranged in his suite discussing a novel that they had both read. When in her enthusiastic response to Sterling’s observation she accidentally dropped her fork. When they both bent to retrieve the fallen flatware they collided, bumping noses. Sterling, one never to loose any advantage, quickly took the opportunity that had presented itself and claimed a kiss.
Shocked at the kiss, at first Cecilia did not respond but just sat there frozen as their lips touched. Then she responded by returning with tentative enthusiasm unsure of what to do. Sterling feeling her acceptance of the kiss and her response took over, pulling her towards him. Soon Cecilia sat saddled across his lap as they tasted each other. Sterling slowly worked his tongue past her lips and teeth to deepen the kiss even more. Cecilia was a little shocked but soon began enjoying the sensation of their tongues rubbing together.
Sterling, slid his hands down her back and cupped her backside pulling her flush against him and in response Cecilia ran her hands up his chest to wrap her arms around his neck. 
After several minutes Sterling pulled away to take a few calming breaths. Breathing deeply Sterling looked into Cecilia’s questioning eyes. He knew that if they continued he would not be able to stop, and he desperately wanted to continue. He knew there was chemistry between him and Cecilia but he had no idea that the magnetism that pulled them together was stronger than he had ever felt in his thirty two years. Sterling did not want to take advantage of Cecilia, she was not a widow or soiled dove that he usually spent time with, he promised himself to treat her with all due respect and that did not include seducing her.
When Sterling began to pull away Cecilia leaned back and looked into his eyes questioningly. Her hands slid down his chest to rest on his strong pectorals. She had seen many men in various states of undress but she could not recall a man with such definition, his chest was slabs of muscle and she could tell that a lot of the weight he had regained attributed to this. She wondered why he had stopped, she may have never kissed a man before but she knew she did not want him to stop no matter where it led.
“We must stop.” Sterling said.
“Why?”
“Because it is not proper.”
“Proper?”
“Yes.”
“Is being proper the only reason you are stopping?”
“Yes.”
“Then don’t stop. Being considered proper by polite society was never a possibility or concern for me.”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Because in the heat of attraction you may disregard propriety but later you will regret your decision.”
“I won’t”
“You may.”
Seeing that they were at an impasse and that Sterling was not going to budge Cecilia decided to give in but silently promised herself that next time, and there would be a next time, she would not stop. With no regrets. She slid back off his lap and returned to her seat.
For a moment there was an uncomfortable silence but then before it could become awkward there was a slight cough at the door. 
Garvis was at the door. “I am sorry to interrupt my lord but Mr. Jefferson must speak to you.” 
Knowing that they would be interrupted for only an emergency Sterling quickly excused himself to see what the problem was.



Chapter Eleven

After Sterling left to deal with the estate emergency Cecilia returned home to Rose Cottage. Mary was in the salon with Emma playing with toys. Confused about their encounter and emotionally exhausted she sat down on the settee with a deep sigh and watched Emma play. While watching, Cecilia realized that Mary may have some insight about her situation. Although she had never fully opened up to what happened to her Cecilia knew that they could have a candid conversation, that their friendship was deep enough to keep each others confidences. 
Mary seeing Cecilia’s trepidation rose from the floor where she was playing to sit across from her on the settee.
“What is wrong?” Mary asked.
“Mr. Fairchild and I kissed.”
“You kissed?
“Yes.”
“Did you want to be kissed?”
“Yes.” Cecilia said 
“Then what is wrong?” Cecilia knew that Mary would not judge her.
“He stopped.” She said with some disappointment.
“And you did not want to.” 
“No.”
“Oh.”
“It was the most amazing experience I ever had. It was like he was the center of the earth sucking me in. Then he pulled away.” Cecilia said in confusion. “He said he stopped because it was not proper.”
“Do you think that he was interested in you? Was he enthusiastic?”
“I thought so but then he stopped.”
“Well, maybe he was concerned about your reputation.”
“I told him not to be concerned but then he said that the heat of the passion was clouding my judgment.”
“Was it?”
“I don't think so.”
“When I met Emma’s father I felt a powerful pull toward him and although I knew better I fell under his spell. It was not until later that I found that it was not love but lust. Be careful.” 
Mary’s advice convinced her that she had a lot to think about before deciding anything. But she knew that if things had gone further with Sterling that day she would not have regretted it.
The next morning after sleeping with her thoughts, she decided that she wanted to live her life to the fullest and if she were careful there should be no reason to not enjoy her time with Sterling while it lasts. Besides, her precarious position within society made her unmarriageable by their standards. The stigma of her illegitimacy combined with her lack of dowry kept any eligible men out of reach and she had never met a man she had considered setting her cap for. Sterling was the first man she had ever felt any real attraction to, his presence pulling her in.
Decision made, Cecilia entered her exam room and pulled an old journal that her mother wrote filled with natural remedies and recipes useful to a midwife. There was a mixture that her mother used to use for women with too many children to prevent more pregnancies. Frowned upon by almost everyone her mother did not use it often, only in cases where the women were burdened with too many mouths to feed.
She pulled the book and searched through the pages for the right passage. Using a scrap of paper, the quill and ink on the desk she the jotted down the ingredients and amounts. Reaching for her herb basket she made her way down the hall and out the kitchen door headed to the woods not far from the house. Some of the ingredients grew naturally on the forest floor while others were in her garden.
By the afternoon, just before the carriage came to pick her up, Cecilia returned to the house with all the ingredients and mixed her remedy.  It was ready for use. It took a week of doses for the potion to become effective so Cecilia made enough to last a while and drank the first dose. If something did occur again there was no reason to stop this time.

****

Sterling was in his office leaning back in the chair deep in thought; this was the first chance he had to really reflect on yesterday’s incident with Cecilia. The emergency that had him called away was a new irrigation ditch that he had the tenants digging, which had a few setbacks that required some creative thinking to solve so he spent the rest of the day supervising the repairs. If his leg had not been injured he would have been in the ditch himself digging the trench. Unfortunately he could only watch as the work was done.
Yesterday his carefully constructed campaign for Cecilia came to fruition in a most unexpected way. His goal was not to seduce Cecilia but to romance her through friendship. He was interested in more that a short, hot affair that ends in regret. That is what it could have turned into if he had not stopped them. Now, he was concerned that stopping may have put a damper on the flames, so much so it could have extinguished his plans altogether. Today he would have to be careful to coax them back to life. 

****

For the next week Cecilia and Sterling continued as if the kiss never happened. They both ignored the magnetism that attracted them and became hypersensitive to each other. They ate their lunches discussing all type of topics from books to agriculture to Parliament but avoided anything personal.  
Cecilia appreciated that Sterling seem to be genuinely interested in her opinion. With the exception of her father no man ever took her seriously. The locals respected her as the Earl’s daughter and when they needed her help, but they treated her as any woman of her time -as if she should not be bothered by men's concerns.
Sterling was fascinated by Cecilia. She was smarter than any debutante  he had ever met at any soirée.  She had opinions about more than the newest dress designs and the latest gossip and they talked about more than the weather. He had not realized how much intelligent conversation he was missing from females and now that he had experienced it he could not imagine spending the rest of his life with a woman without it.

****

Cecilia woke from a dream that she vaguely remembered, refreshed and with a premonition that something wonderful was going to happen. In a good mood she dressed and went downstairs to find Mary and Ella getting ready to go out.
“Going to the village?” Cecilia asked.
“Yes, I thought that we would get some food staples and look for some material to make Ella a new pinafore. She has almost outgrown the ones she wears now. We should be back in a few hours.”
 “Good. I’ll help you hitch the horse. I know that we were running low on flour. While you are out I thought that I would pick the last of the blackberries for jarring.” As they walked to the barn where Blossom, the horse, was stabled Cecilia continued “I will probably leave for Blackbrier Park before you return so I will see you later tonight.”
A few minutes later after expertly assisting Mary to attach the buggy to the horse’s halter and then leaving, Cecilia and Rufus were alone. Wandering through the house she grabbed her cloak and picking basket then they walked out the back kitchen door towards the blackberry bushes lining the back of her property. Most of the barriers had been picked on her side of the bush so she decided to move to the other side, on Blackbrier Park’s property. Cecilia figured that the berries would just rot without her picking them so why let them go to waste.
Sterling was returning from inspecting the improvements made to the land at the far end of the estate when he saw Cecilia picking berries. She was a beautiful sight wrapped in her dark purple cloak reaching for a succulent berry just out of her reach. 
“Do you need assistance?” he asked.
Concentrating so hard at reaching for the large ripe berry she did not at first see Sterling’s approach. His question startled her so much that she lost her balance and tumbled into the blackberry bush. Rufus who barely cracked an eye at his approach wandered over to Cecilia to make sure that she was not injured then returned to his spot under the tree in the shade.
Quickly dismounting Sterling grabbed his cane and lurched to her side and started helping her unwrap herself from the grasping thorns. When she was finally free she had light scratches on her hands and face.
“I am sorry I did not mean to startle you.” Sterling apologized. “You are covered in scratches. Let me help you.”
“That’s not necessary. I have some antiseptic at home. It will take care of the scratches.”
“Let me at least give you a ride back to your home.”
“I need to finish picking the berries; they will go to waste if they are not picked soon. My scratches can wait.”
“How about I help pick the berries then give you a ride back to your house.” Sterling compromised. “As I recall the walk is quite a distance, especially carrying a full basket.” 
Sterling paid no attention to the fact that the berries were on his property. Without waiting for her agreement he continued. “How about I get the high ones and you get the low. Any that are deep within the bush let me get them. I cannot cause myself much more damage as I have a plenty of scars on my hands and face.” Fighting in a war quickly turned a man from smooth and privileged to a hardened soldier covered in nicks, scratches and scars from small wounds and flying shrapnel. Sterling's hands and face were covered in the small reminders of the war. 
Cecilia, from all their conversations, knew how much he did not like to talk about the war, said nothing and began picking berries on the bottom of the bush. Taking her silence as agreement, Sterling began plucking the berries from over her head starting with the one she was reaching for when she fell. With Sterling’s help they quickly filled the basket taking the last of the season’s berries.
Gathering the basket before Cecilia could, Sterling walked to his horse and waited for Cecilia to approach. When she came close he indicated that he would boost her up onto the horse. Seeing his intent Cecilia said, “I am not riding the horse, you are.”
“As a gentleman I cannot ride while you walk.”
“Well you cannot walk while you leg is still healing.”
“It seems to me that we are at an impasse. I cannot ride while you walk and you will not let me walk.” After a pause he continued “The only solution would be that we ride together.”
Slightly shocked at the suggestion she remained silent for a moment then making a quick decision she said “Fine, I will hold the basket.” and moved to mount the horse. 
Surprised at her agreement Sterling was quick to assist her on to the horse. He set the basket and his cane on the ground and created a cradle in his hands. Cecilia looking hesitant at his assistance, was about to object to him helping her mount when she decided not to, she did not want to hurt his pride. When she set her foot into the cradle he boosted her into the saddle with ease. Sterling felt a jolt of pain in his leg but a little pain would not dissuade him from being a gentleman. He then handed her the basket and his cane, with his foot in the stirrup, he swung up behind her. Sterling wrapped his arms around Cecilia’s waist and held her flush against him, he used the excuse of reaching for the reins to pull her close. He discreetly inhaled the fresh scent of her hair, a unique mixture of vanilla, blackberries and her. 
Cecilia felt the warm strength of Sterling arms wrapped around her. Boldly she leaned back into his embrace and savored the experience. She tightly clutched the wicker basket handle and fought the urge to run her hands down his strong thighs as they pressed against her hips.
With a click of his tongue they made their way back to the cottage with Rufus following. The ride back to her home was short and not just because they were on horseback. Once they arrived Sterling dismounted then reached up to help Cecilia slide to the ground. Half way down she stopped with Sterling pinning her between his body and the horse. For a brief moment their eyes met and held. Cecilia, seeing the heat in his gaze, melted, basket forgotten in her hands. When the horse behind her shifted his stance they broke out of their trance and Sterling let her feet touch the ground. Still close together Sterling ran his thumb across a light scratch on her forehead and said “Let’s go inside and take care of these scratches.”   
With a slight nod Cecilia made her way inside and Sterling followed as soon as he took care of his horse. Once inside Cecilia set the basket on the table in the kitchen and hung her cloak on a hook by the door. She was, for the first time, really looking at the scratches on her arm when Sterling let himself in. “The scratches are not bad, I don’t think that I even need an antiseptic.”
Taking her hands into his he looked at the fading marks on her arms and said. “I’d rather be safe than sorry.”
Noticing that the house was silent Sterling asked “Where is Mary and Ella?” He had gotten used to the busy sounds of mother and child while he stayed at the house, the absence was noticeable.
“They went to the village this morning, they should be back in a few hours.”
They were alone. It was an unspoken thought that passed through both their minds. Unable to resist temptation any longer Sterling slid his hands up her arms, pulled her close and kissed her. The sparks that had been flickering between them all morning turned in to a strong current shocking them both with searing passion. His hands slid down her back and gently cupped her bottom pulling her close. Cecilia in turn wrapped her arms around his neck for support.
Slowly walking forward, Sterling stopped when Cecilia’s backside was resting against the kitchen table, lifting her slightly, he sat her on the table. His hands slid forward resting on her thighs.
Pulling away Sterling looked into Cecilia’s passion clouded eyes “Cecilia I do not want you to regret this.”
“I won’t.”
“There are consequences...”
“We already discussed this.”
“There are other consequences.” They both understood what he was talking about. What they were about to do could result in a child. Cecilia had already anticipated this and took precautions although to her a child would never be seen as a consequence.
“No regrets. No consequences.” she assured him.  With that she leaned in and as soon as their lips touched Sterling took over. Picking her up, he carried her down the hall and up the stairs to her bedroom. For the first time he paid no attention to the pain in his leg.



Chapter Twelve

Since their relationship had become more intimate Sterling and Cecilia spent as much time together as possible. Mary at her cottage and the servants at Blackbrier Park made discretion nearly impossible but Sterling was very careful to not tarnish her reputation. They continued their daily lunches and they met during the day whenever they had time.
They frequently met at the blackberry bush that divided their property and where they had first truly met. They would sit under a tree wrapped in a heavy blanket sharing their warmth surrounded by the crisp air of the approaching winter. They talked about a variety of topics or nothing at all.
Cecilia soaked up every experience they had together. She knew that it was only a matter of time before their relationship ended; she was not even sure how to define their relationship. Not a wife, not a mistress, she was his lover without the love, at least on his part. She could feel herself falling in love with him but she was not naive. He had not made any promises nor declared his feelings. She knew it would not last but she hoped that when it did end, it ended well.
Three months after arriving at Blackbrier Park, Sterling decided that it was time to organize his office. Currently the office still held the personal effects of the previous owner. He thought that it would be best if he, with the assistance of a footman, packed up the items and sent them to the old lord’s family. Sterling was sure Marcus had that information. In the meantime he would store the crates until the next time he visited London
Sterling was standing in the middle of the office with his hands resting at his sides examining the shelves that ran the full length of one wall trying to decide where to begin. John, the footman, was bringing in the crates that he had purchased in the village for this very purpose. With no specific plan Sterling began pulling books off the shelves. Examining them he began separating the farming and agricultural books from the other novels and such, into stacks on the desk. 
The books seem to have no organized placement, it was an eclectic mix but one book caught his attention. Sterling pulled a large tome from the shelves titled Treaties of Ancient Medicinal Practices. The book was thick and leather bound with gold inlaid lettering, turning it over Sterling ran his hand over the cover in appreciation.
It occurred to Sterling that the book would be an ideal gift for Cecilia. He knew that if anyone would appreciate an old medical text it would be her. Opening the book he paged through it stopping occasionally to examine the pages. He flipped to the front of the book when he saw an inscription.

To my loving daughter…
‘Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.’
-Aristotle

Know yourself and follow your dream to become a physician
- Your Loving Father

Sterling found the inscription odd. As far as he was aware the old lord did not have any children and no lord would allow their child to become a physician, much less their daughter. In fact the only female physician that he had ever heard of was Cecilia. With that thought Sterling’s mind began churning.
Sterling recalled his errant thoughts a few weeks before about the household’s reaction to Cecilia and how he brushed his observations to the side. Now they were coming back in full force, front and center. It did not take long for him to put two and two together. It seems that Cecilia was the Lord of Blackbrier Park’s daughter.
Closing the book with a snap Sterling looked at John, the footman who had worked for the previous lord, he wondered why no one had mentioned this fact to him. Sliding the book into the keep stack Sterling decided to confront Cecilia with the truth later, now he would bide his time and mull over the options.
 
****

That night Sterling spoke to Thomas about Cecilia. “I think that Cecilia was the old Lord of BlackBrier Park’s daughter.”
Hearing this Thomas stopped in his task. As Captain Fairchild’s employee he took care of some of the day to day tasks such as correspondences and executing the improvements that the Captain wanted made on the estate, the tasks that did not fall under the purview of the Estate Manager. Now that Captain Fairchild was healing and feeling better he was starting to take over some of the tasks but Thomas was not concerned, he knew he was secure in his position, whatever that may be.
Handing Thomas the book he found earlier Sterling explained his suspicions. Looking at the inscription Thomas recalled the encounter he saw between the butler and Ms. Wright. “I believe that you may be correct m’lord. Some weeks ago I saw Ms. Wright and the butler hugg’n as if they knew each oth’r for many years. It seemed odd but I didn’t give it much thought at the time.” Thomas said handing the book back to Sterling.
“On Mrs. Wilberforce’s first day here I noticed a connection between them but when I asked her about it she had brushed my question aside.” Wonderingly Sterling said, “Why would an acknowledged daughter of a wealthy lord live alone in a cottage with limited funds?” 
Knowing that Captain Fairchild asked a rhetorical question and was not expecting a real answer Thomas went back to the correspondence he was writing to an architect about modernizing the manor.
Sterling decided to confront Cecilia the next day at lunch. He did not want this between them no matter if it was the truth, or if it was just his imagination running amok.

****

Sterling and Cecilia were in his room sitting by the large windows that over looked the maze. Two club chairs and a table laden with lunch was between them. They had dined together in his room from the beginning and although it was not proper they ignored the rules and spent time there alone in privacy.
Unsure how to broach the subject, Sterling cleared his throat with uncertainty. Cecilia noticed his hesitation and asked “Is there something wrong?”
With a quick decision Sterling reached to the floor and grabbed a wrapped package he had put there that morning. “I found this and thought of you.” Handing it to her he watched her remove the paper looking for any kind of reaction.
Delighted at the gift she unwrapped it, it was a book. She ran her fingers over the gold lettering and read the title. “Treaties of Ancient Medicinal Practices, I do not have this book. Thank you very much, you should not have purchased it for me, it is too much.”
“I did not purchase it, I found it in the library. I was going to inscribe a message but it already had one.” Holding his breath he waited until she flipped to the front pages and found the inscription.
With a small frown between her brows Cecilia quickly recognized the handwriting and read the note. Tears were brimming in her eyes and when she looked up to Sterling a tear ran down her cheek. Running her hands over the cover she set the book on the table. Wiping the tear away she said, “He never gave me this one, he died right before my birthday.”
“Your father.” It was not a question. Her reaction to the book removed any doubt that he had about the Lord of Blackbrier being her father.
With out any prompting Cecilia confessed all.  She told Sterling about growing up in Rose Cottage, visiting her father at the estate, her mother’s death, and finally her father’s death. “I thought that Blackbrier Park was part of my dowry but then his wife told me of his will, I guess he did not make provisions.”
Sterling thought that was odd. A man, who spent so much time with his daughter, knew his daughter so well as to give her a gift that truly accepted her for who she was and what she wanted to become, would not neglect her future. With the quick sale and the good price his brother paid it sounded fishy to him. He was curious. 
Lost in thought it took a moment for him to realize what she was saying. “Now that you know the truth I understand that you cannot see me anymore. Truly your leg is healed so there is no reason for me to come to our lunches. I should have stopped long before.”
“Stop? I do not want to stop. If fact, I want to see more of you.” 
“That is very kind of you to say but we should not be seen together. This should not have started in the first place, but I could not resist. Our association will tarnish your reputation with the local gentry.”
“Reputation?” he asked insidiously. “I do not care for my reputation. Your reputation would be more damaged than mine.”
“I am not concerned with mine.“ Self depreciably she continued, “You must have a good reputation to tarnish first.”
Seeing that they would not come to an agreement, Sterling pushed to his feet and reached into his pant pocket. With a quick breath he pulled out a box from his pocket and went down on a bended knee. “I have a way to protect both our reputations. Miss Cecilia Wright, would you do the honor of becoming my wife?”
Cecilia was speechless. She never expected this but she knew what she had to do. “No.”
Out of all the responses that Sterling had anticipated that was not one of them. 
Seeing the question in his eyes Cecilia quick explained. “I am honored that you asked but I cannot accept. A lord cannot marry a bastard. The brother of a duke and a land owner cannot marry someone socially unacceptable. You can find someone acceptable to marry, someone to bring something to the marriage, someone with a dowry.” Anticipating an objection she rushed on “Besides I never planned to marry. I always wanted to become a physician and being a wife, anyone's wife, will not allow for that.” Quickly Cecilia gathered her things and rushed out of the room, food uneaten, not waiting for Sterling’s acceptance.
Sterling watched her hasty exit. He was not going to accept her rejection. He had been thinking about proposing marriage since before he found out about her parentage. All of her objections were inconsequential. He did notice that she did not say that she did not love him and that is the only objection he would accept.
Meanwhile he decided to check into the ownership of Blackbrier Park.

****

Sterling searched the estate from top to bottom and came up empty-handed for any paperwork alluding to the Earl’s will or any arrangements he had made for Cecilia. He thought that there may have been something there because when the estate sold, from what he could tell, nothing was removed. Sterling was frustrated but he came to the conclusion that any evidence to be found would be in London, at his main residence, with the Earl’s business papers. 
He wanted to take Cecilia with him to London. Sterling knew that having her present would not help getting the answers he was looking for, men did not do business with women, but he wanted her there anyway. He could imagine the fun they would have exploring London together especially since she had never been, he wanted to see the city he grew up in from her eyes. 
The only problem was figuring out how to get Cecilia there. Since proposing Cecilia had been avoiding him at every turn. Every time he paid a call on Rose Cottage, Mary said that she was not home. They both recognized it as the lie for what it was. Every time she closed the door on his face her eyes apologized. He was fairly certain that Mary knew what was going on between them.
It seemed to Sterling that the only way to see Cecilia was to catch her as she was out and about. With determination he began scouring all of her favorite places, under the tree by the blackberry bushes, at the river where she fished and the local lending library.  He finally found her at the library. 
He knew she could not brush him off in public but he also did not want to reveal their relationship to one of the biggest gossips in the village, Mrs. Rook the librarian’s wife. As he approached her she gave him a look that clearly said to not approach her and as he got closer she quickly shook her head. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Mrs. Rook watching them. “Miss Wright, it’s a pleasure to meet you here.” Sterling said in his most respectful manner.
“Lord Fairchild.” 
“Do you enjoy reading?”
“Yes, my lord.” She answered shortly.
“I, as well. I am currently reading Great Expectations by Dickens. Have you read that?”
“No, my lord.”
Seeing that he was not going to get anywhere while being watched Sterling executed a short bow and said “I must be going. Good day Ms. Wright.”
“Good day, my lord.” She replied relieved.
Once Sterling exited the shop Mrs. Rook scurried around the counter and approached Cecilia. “Have you met Lord Fairchild before?”
“Yes, he had injured his leg and needed assistance.”
“Really?” Mrs. Rook had always disapproved of her occupation. “You better be careful, a lord can take advantage of a lone young lady such as yourself.”
“Everything was aboveboard. He behaved properly and Mary was there for assistance.” Stopping her before she could continue with her dire predictions of a woman alone Cecilia continued, “I must be off Mrs. Rook, I shall see you later.”
“Yes, yes, I will see you later.” She replied, her mind was already spinning on who she would tell about Miss Wright and the new lord of Blackbrier Park.
Sterling waited for Cecilia on the road to her cottage, the same road where they first met. He knew that she would have to come that way to return home. She appeared, walking towards him around the bend in the road. He waited there on his horse for her to come to him. When she came within a few yards he dismounted.
“Cecilia.” Sterling said by way of greeting.
“My Lord.” she replied.
“Sterling.” he insisted.
She relented “Sterling.”
“I went to the cottage several times this week but you were not home.”
“You must have just missed me.” She said evasively.
“Apparently so.
They just stood there staring at each other for several moments until Sterling’s horse broke the spell with a whinny. “Shall I walk you home?” 
Without waiting for a reply he turned his horse and began walking down the lane. He had slowly weaned himself off using the cane heavily and now he did not need it but he still carried it with him. Cecilia’s help had changed his future from a lame, damaged man, a shell of who he used to be to the man he was now. They walked together for a quarter mile before Sterling spoke again. “So you do not want to get married.”
“No.”
“I don’t want to marry anyone else.”
“Maybe not today but someday a proper lady will come along that will have a dowry, who is socially acceptable and then you will regret marrying me. I could never live with the resentment.”
“I could never resent you.”
“You don’t know that.”
“Someday is not today.”
“No, it’s not.”
Sterling whipped around to face her “So…”
“So, do not bring up marriage again.”
Silence reigned again for the rest of the distance to Rose Cottage.
Cecilia never expected Sterling to propose and when he did panic overwhelmed her. She was in love with him and she feared that if he asked again she would not be able to say no.  For the last week as Cecilia avoided Sterling a cold, dull ache formed in her chest and when she saw him the familiar warmth bloomed again. The last week taught her that she wanted their relationship, whatever it was, to last as long as possible.
At the gate leading to Rose Cottage Cecilia turned to Sterling and said “I will see you at lunch.”
Surprised, Sterling agreed. He was excited at the chance to renew his suit and lunch was one step closer to getting Cecilia to agree to become his wife.

****

After lunch they lay together on Sterling’s bed content and relaxed. Cecilia was resting her head on his shoulder and Sterling was lazily drawing circles with his finger on her arm.
Sterling decided that it was time to broach the subject of going to London. “This last week I have looking into you father’s will. I cannot believe your father would not leave you without any type of inheritance.”
“I would not think so as well but his wife made it very clear that he left me nothing.”  
“I want to go to London and look into this further.”
“You do not have to do that.”
“I want to. And I want you to come with me.”
“To London?”
“Yes. I thought that we could talk to the solicitor in charge of your father’s will and then we could see the sights of London.”
“You should not put too much effort into this. I have my mother’s house and I live comfortably. That is much better than most illegitimate children.”
“I want to. I want to find the truth.”
After much thought Cecilia agreed “I always wanted to see London.”
Smiling at her acceptance Sterling said “Let’s depart the day after tomorrow.” 



Chapter Thirteen

The carriage ride to London was an intimate and leisurely ride that took two days. Mary and Ella agreed to take care of Rufus for her while she was gone and Thomas stayed at Blackbrier Park continuing the renovations. Alone they spent the days in each others arms snuggled together talking and laughing, enjoying each others company. The only thing they did not discuss was what they would find once they arrived in London.
The carriage was unmarked and they checked into an inn half way to their destination. The proprietor, a chubby man with a full beard, met them at the door. “M’lord, me laidy, welcome to the Fat Duck Inn. If you would like, I can take your coats and ye can relax in the private parlor while me misses prepares ye a room.” 
Cecilia was surprised when the proprietor mistook their relationship and even more so when Sterling did not correct him. Unsure she said nothing until they were alone in the parlor. 
“My Lord and Lady?
“Would you rather not share my bed? Would you rather sleep alone? Would you rather have people wondering why you are traveling without a chaperone?”
“No.”
“Then My Lady are you hungry?” he asked wily.
“Famished.” She replied with a mischievous smile.
“Then let’s dine before going to our room.”
The next morning they departed the inn as the sun rose so they arrived in London by early evening. Cecilia, not used to the busy hustle and bustle of the city, stared at the passing buildings and people. Once they entered the city and the congestion of many people it took well over an hour to reach the Duke’s London residence. Sterling planned to stay at his brother’s home while visiting. 
When they pulled in front of the house Cecilia was shocked. Turning to Sterling she said “I thought we were staying at a hotel.”
 “No. We will be staying at my brother’s home.”
 “Your Brother’s? The Duke?”
 “Yes, the Duke.”
 “I can’t stay here.”
 “Yes, you can.”
 “I can’t. You stay with your brother and I will check into a hotel.”
 “No. Besides I want you to meet my brother. He will like you trust me. No judgments.” Seeing the look in her eyes he said “I promise, if you feel uncomfortable in any way we will leave.”
“Promise?”
“Promise.”
Sterling exited the carriage and then handed her down. Together they walked up the steps. Their ascension reminded him of the last time he returned to this home after a long absence. This time was vastly different. This time he was hale and hardy with the love of his life on his arm.
When Marcus heard the door knocker he left the library where he was reading correspondence. He knew that Sterling arrived; it was the only person who would visit so late. He had just received his letter indicating that he was coming to London. He also knew that he was bringing his physician, who was oddly a woman. From his letters Marcus knew that whoever this woman was she had worked a miracle.  Not only did she heal Sterling’s body but his soul as well. And for that he would accept her no matter what their relationship and welcome her into his home. 
Meeting Sterling’s brother was not as painful or embarrassing as it could have been. He met them at the front door and after a quick hug and inspection he nodded to himself as if he approved of the changes in Sterling, then turned to Cecilia for an introduction. He was polite and respectful with no indication of disapproval. With relief Cecilia smiled at the duke.
That night Cecilia, Sterling and Marcus had dinner in-family. They sat together at one end of the of the long dining room table talking of things of no consequence. Cecilia could see that Sterling and Marcus had a great relationship. She had heard that some brothers did not share relationships as closely as theirs, that the titles tore families apart, where one son inherited everything and the other received nothing. She could see that Sterling never held the Dukedom against Marcus and that Marcus never lorded it over Sterling’s head. She should have known that when Sterling told her that Marcus had given him Blackbrier Park.
The conversation eventually turned to more serious topics like to the change of ownership of Blackbrier Park. Sterling was the first one to broach the subject. “The reason we came to London was because of Blackbrier Park.” 
Sterling went on to explain about Cecilia being the Lord Thornburg’s daughter and her belief that the estate was left to her. “I was hoping that you could give me as much information as you have and then we plan to visit the solicitor who handled the lord’s will and the sale of Blackbrier Park.”
Thoughtfully Marcus replied, “My man of business thoroughly looked into the estate but if you think that something is off, by all means…” he trailed then continued “I’ll have him pull the documentation he still has in the morning, I trust you brought the deed and bill of sale?”
“Yes, I did. I also brought some of the old lord’s papers to compare his signature.”
Their ugly estate business handled for the day they moved on in the conversation talking about the sights that Sterling wanted Cecilia to see and do. 
Cecilia wondered what Marcus thought about her illegitimacy and her claim to Blackbrier Park. She had watched him carefully as he listened to Sterling explain why they were here and his expression did not change except to furrow in thought.
After dinner Cecilia retired early, the journey was exhausting and she wanted to rest. She borrowed a book from the Duke’s library and left Sterling with Marcus to reminisce as they drank brandy in the office. An hour later, still immersed in her book under the thick covers of the Duke’s guestroom, Cecilia heard sounds coming form the room next to hers. She had thought that the room was empty. She was proved how wrong she was when a door opened and Sterling stood at the threshold. 
She quickly sat up and grabbed her robe. In a low voice she asked, “Sterling what are you doing here?”
“I wanted to make sure you are settling in comfortably.”
“How did you get in here, you need to go back to you room. What if someone saw you?”
“Our rooms are connected, no one will see.”
“What do you mean our rooms are connected? We can’t be in connecting rooms. What will your brother think?” panicked she continued, “What must he think of me? First I come to London with you unescorted and now we are sharing rooms.”
“Relax, Marcus is the one who arranged the rooms.”
Not listening to him she said, “And the staff! Word will spread that an unmarried woman is staying at your brother’s house practically sharing a room with you.”
Taking her in his arms Sterling shushed her and said, “The staff is nothing but discreet, no one will know if you do not want them to.” Stroking her hair he said, “My brother knows that I care for you and he arranged it so that we may be together without an audience.”
“How does he know?” 
“I have been writing about you since we first met.”
Pulling away from embrace she questioned, “You told him about our relationship?”
“No but he must have read between the lines and figured that I care for you.” Pulling her back against him he said, “Don’t worry about Marcus. He likes you for no other reason that you have made me happier in the last few months that I have been in the last several years. He will not judge you.”
“Really?”
“Yes, now let’s take advantage of the shared room.” And with that he brought her face up to his and kissed her.

****

The next morning Sterling met with Marcus’ man of business, Mr. Dudly, and gathered all the paperwork from the estate’s purchase. Everything looked like it was on the up and up so he sent a note round to the solicitor’s office asking for a meeting. The reply came quickly, as any response to a Duke would, and they had an appointment at three o’clock that same afternoon.
In the carriage on the way to his office Cecilia sat in strained silence. Correctly interpreting her silence as nervousness Sterling took her hand and said, “Everything will be all right, we will get to the bottom of this.”
Cecilia gave his a wobbly smile and said, “I know we will but what if I am right, what if Blackbrier Park does belong to me? Blackbrier belongs to you too.”
“I’ll think about that once we find out the truth.”
The carriage slowed to a stop in front of the building housing the solicitor’s office. Once they exited the carriage Cecilia looked up at the building. It was a three story gray stone building dull with soot. One thing that Cecilia noticed when she entered the city was the thick smog that blanketed the sky. In the country you can see the heavens full of stars but here nary a single light penetrated the heavy haze.
Taking a deep breath she and Sterling entered the building and started up the stairs, the office was on the second floor. The outer office was dark, law books lined shelves and a small window let in little light. Sterling approached the clerk working at the desk. ”Lord Sterling Fairchild and Miss Cecilia Wright to see Mr. Squibley.” Sterling said handing him his card.
Quickly standing the clerk executed a short bow and turned to knock on the door behind him. He entered the room and closed the door behind him. A minute later he returned and said, “Mr. Squibley will be with you in a moment, my lord.”
Nodding Sterling looked to Cecilia hoping to calm her anxiety. Suddenly the door open and Mr. Squibley appeared. Mr. Squibley was a short, slight man with a balding plate. He slicked the few hairs that he had left down before approaching Sterling. “My lord, it is good to meet you. When I received your note I must say I was flattered. Are you looking for new representation?”
“I was hoping that we could discuss this in private.”
Flustered Mr. Squibley said, “Of course, of course.” and invited them into his office. He blushed slightly at forgetting common courtesy with his excitement at the prospective of a new client.
Taking a seat behind his desk he started eagerly, “How may I help you my lord? Do you need any legal work? Papers to file?”
Not liking his overeager if somewhat slimy demeanor Sterling was short with him. “No. we are actually here about a current client that you serve.”
Confused he asked, “A client?”
“Yes, Lord Thornburg.”
Instantly nervous, Squibley visibly swallowed. “Lord Thornburg?” he hesitated then rushed on, “I am sorry my lord but I cannot discuss my other clients. Privacy is paramount, you understand.”
 “Yes I do. But Miss Wright is Lord Thornburg’s daughter. Since he is deceased and they were immediately related I believe that privacy can be waived.”
“His daughter? I did not think that he had any ligit….” he squeaked for the first time looking at Cecilia. Recognition dawned in his eyes and he immediately looked down to hide his reaction. Although he had not dealt with the Blackbrier estate in over two years he recognized the name. “I did not think that he had any children.”
“Yes, questions have arisen about the Earl’s will and proper ownership of BlackBrier Park. We would like to look at the original will.”
Flustered Squibley sputtered, “My...my lord, I assure you that the Earl’s will was completely proper and handled with the utmost care.”
“Never the less we want to look at those documents.”
Nervously he twitched then said, “The papers are not here but filed away. It shall take a few days to retrieve them.”
“That is fine we shall be in London for the next week. Monday next should be enough time to collect them.” With that Sterling stood and offered Cecilia his hand assisting her out of her chair.
In the carriage on the way back to the Duke’s home Sterling ran the interview over in his head. He suspected that the solicitor was hiding something, he had made a little slip about Thornburg having daughters, it could have been a coincidence but he did not think so. He was too nervous as soon as he mentioned the Earl’s name and seemed startled at the mention of Cecilia as if he knew about her. His behavior was guilt ridden. Maybe he changed the will, sold the property and pocketed the money. He wanted to get to the bottom of this matter but he needed evidence. 

****

“My lady, there is a gentleman to see you.” the butler’s tone suggested that he was anything but a gentleman. He handed her a slightly wrinkled card on a silver tray as she sat in her morning room stitching a sampler. Glancing at the card without touching it she said, “Show him in.” If the butler was surprised at her acceptance he did not show it.
The nervous man was shown into the room and with a gesture from the lady the butler closed the door. Clutching his top hat in his hands he cleared his throat. ”My lady a gentleman came to my office today to inquire about the Earl’s will.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
“Tell me.”
Mr. Squibley told the lady everything about the meeting from Cecilia’s presence to Lord Sterling, the brother of a Duke, accompanying her. After relating his story she quickly dismissed him and then sat in silence pondering the new situation.
Coming to a decision she moved to the library and wrote a note to a man she knew with a reputation that suggested he could handle, or knew someone who could handle such a situation.



Chapter Fourteen

The day after meeting with the Solicitor in charge of Cecilia's father’s will they decided to see the sights of London together and to stop at a well known Apothecary. Cecilia wanted to see what advances in medicine London had made over the last few years. She had hoped that such a large city had progressed in healing techniques. The last time she had new research was before her father died two years before. The journal that Sterling had found although helpful, was a Treaties of Ancient Medicine, it had nothing of new techniques. It was interesting but not as helpful as she would have liked.
They were returning from exploring the Tower of London and the Crown Jewels when the carriage pulled to a stop in front of the Apothecary shop. Sterling handed Cecilia down from the carriage and escorted her to the sidewalk and into the shop. With a nod to the Dukes’ driver he continued on down the street looking for a place to rest the horses while they shopped, then he would meet them later.
The shop’s storefront was lined with windows that displayed drying herbs, medical texts and jars of medications. Over the door was a large wooden sign with the word Apothecary engraved on it as well as a bowl and grinding stone. Sterling opened the door and with a gallant gesture made way for Cecilia to enter. 
Even with the windows the shop was dark. The combination of dark woods and hanging herbs made the shop seem smaller than it was. Looking around one would not know that this shop was one of the most progressive in all of Great Brittain. Cecilia inhaled the familiar aroma of barks and herbs that invaded her senses. No matter the shop every apothecary had the same scent of herbs that made a distinct smell.
They walked the parameter of the shop examining the shelves as the only clerk on duty wrapped his customer’s order. Once the transaction was done he approached them and with a polite smile inquired “Sir, Madam, how may I help you?”
Sterling, not knowing what Cecilia was looking for, let her speak to the clerk while he perused the shelves. There were many glass jars filled with unknown mixtures that were only identified by Latin names that he could not decipher even with his schooling, although he recognized some. After a few minutes he returned to Cecilia and the clerk finding them at the register with a stack of books and several jars. Cecilia was reaching for her reticule when Sterling stopped her.
 “What is the total for the purchases?” Sterling asked.
The clerk answered with a minor sum and Sterling pulled out the appropriate amount of pounds. Sterling could see that Cecilia wanted to protest but he stopped her with a look. If not for her doctoring he would still be in constant pain and a few pounds to replenish her supplies was the least he could do.
Although Cecilia was hesitant to let Sterling pay for her purchases and essentially give her a gift she was excited about her finds. She was able to get two new journals of medicine from progressive doctors that she recognized. Plus some new ones that she had heard about but were not available in the country. The herbs were new to her and came from the Far East, and she was excited to explore the possibilities. Both the texts and herbs will help her practice.
They exited the shop, the overhead bell tinkling with a thank you for coming. Once they were outside they looked for the carriage to pick them up. With his extra height Sterling was able to see the carriage several blocks down the road as it slowly made its way toward them. With a quick decision Sterling took their wrapped packages from the clerk who had followed them out the door and began walking down the street. He would rather walk the few blocks than wait for the carriage to slowly make its way a few blocks in the crowded streets.
They walked in a companionable silence nodding to the other pedestrians and looking into the shop windows as they passed. About half way to their goal, crossing between the side streets, they heard a sound of distress coming from the alley. They both turned toward the sound. Cecilia stepped into the alley to investigate, she always helped those in need so she did not think before entering the alley.
Sterling, used to London's unsavory underbelly quickly went to retrieve her but hampered by the packages and holding his cane he was not able to stop her in time. A few feet into the dark alley footpads jumped out from behind piles of trash and boxes. They were walking menacingly toward them when Sterling saw a flash of a blade and quickly dropped the packages. As he rushed forward he released the latch on his cane and withdrew the long blade prepared for the mêlée.
When Cecilia saw the men and the blade she quickly started backing away. Behind her Sterling surged forward and engaged the men. The first man with the blade was dispatched quickly, he obviously did not know how to handle the blade beyond slashing at his target. 
The second man, seeing the expertise that Sterling used with the sword cane turned and ran in a cowardly fashion leaving the third man. Cecilia could not see them fully in the dark but after a few minutes of some feet scuffling and grunting Sterling was able to subdue the man. He had the man pinned against the damp brick wall of the building with his elbow pressed against his throat and his sword pressed against his chest to discourage any movement.
“Three footpads seem a little excessive to rob someone of their purse.” Sterling said. Cecilia silently agreed. “Perhaps your intent was for more?” 
“Do you know the consequences of killing a lord?” he asked.
The footpad began to panic, struggling against Sterling, cutting his shirt in the process. “The laidy said she was some hussy, not a lady!”
“Who?”
“A laidy, I dina know who she was.” Gesturing to the fallen man he continues, “Jack said that a laidy was payin’ a hundred quid to kill her.”
“Jack was gonna do it, I never kilt anyone.”
It was clear that they were not going to get any more information from either man. At that moment the carriage came abreast to the alley opening, Sterling had the driver call for a runner. He had an idea who the ‘laidy’ was and if his hunch was right they may need a runner again.

****

Sterling went alone to the solicitor’s office on Monday; he did not want to put Cecilia in danger again. Cecilia was understandably frustrated at being left behind. All her life she was free to move about without fear of her safety. These footpads were dangerous and she understood that, but it did not make her any less restless.
Sterling arrived at the office early, he did not want to take the chance of another attack and if Squibley was the culprit he did not want to serve himself up at the appointed time. For the same reason he let himself into the office without knocking. The clerk from the previous visit was not at his desk and Squibley visibly jumped at his arrival.
A sweat broke out on his brow. Squibley had hoped that the lord would not return, that the lady would take care of the matter. He was worried, if anyone found out about what they did he knew that he would hold the blame, nobility often circumvents the law and cit’s are the ones who must bear the brunt of punishment. While he would languish in some frigate on the water of the Thames, she would bask in the warmth of the Italian sun on the continent.
“My lord.” he said bowing.
“Squibley, I trust you have the paperwork.”
“Yes, my lord. Here they are.” He pulled the paperwork off a pile on his desk and opened the folder. He waved the deed in front of Sterling’s face hoping that like most nobility he would not know the intricacies of the law and would only give the papers a cursory glance. He was in no such luck.
 “Thank you, I will look these over and return them in all due time.”
“You are going to take them with you?”
“Yes, is there a problem?” Sterling said with his most arrogant look.
Seeing no reason Squibley gave in and visibly shrunk. “No, My lord.”
Tucking the papers back into the folder Sterling exited the office without a backward glance. Something was definitely up with Squibley and he was hoping that these documents will reveal all.
Sitting at Marcus’ desk Sterling pulled out the documents. He first took a few minutes to read over the will for any obvious transgressions. It looked like a standard will leaving all monies and unentailed properties including Blackbrier Park to the Earl’s wife. The rest of the properties were left to his heir, a Mr. Michael Wentworth. Seeing nothing unusual, Sterling pulled some personal papers left at Blackbrier Park by Cecilia’s father. Taking a close look at the signatures authenticating the will and the signatures on some contracts, Sterling knew that the paperwork didn’t match.
Sterling sat back into the chair and contemplated the significance of the mismatched signatures. Now he knew that Squibley was involved, that he had participated in the deception that took away Cecilia’s dowry. He was the weak point, with some pressure he knew that Squibley would crack revealing the depth of deception, confirming the identity of the ‘laidy’. 
The next afternoon, accompanied by a Runner, Mr. Macintyre, Sterling paid the solicitor a visit. A meeting that morning with Macintyre and the Magistrate agreed that the mismatched signatures were suspect but not enough evidence, now they needed the solicitor to confess and name his conspirators.  
Before entering the building Sterling and the Macintyre devised a plan. They decided to bluff, to say that the footpad had confessed all including Squibley’s part in the forged will. They hoped that he would fall for the ruse and tell them who the ‘laidy’ was.
Walking up the staircase to the offices’ reception room they opened the door leading into Squibley’s office without waiting for themselves to be announced. The clerk who was at his desk today was protesting weakly, intimidated at the sight of a lord and a runner. Squibley jumped at the intrusion and when he saw who was at the door became even terrified. 
“Lord Fairchild?” he squeaked. Squibley was surprised to see Lord Fairchild. He had thought that what ever she had planned would have come into effect and they would not be back. For the first time he noticed his companion, the red jacket marked him as a runner. His fear increased exponentially, this was not good.
Trying to cover his emotion he cleared his throat and said, “My Lord, I trust you found all the documents are in order.”
“I did not.”
“No?”
Changing the subject matter Sterling continued, “Funny thing happened the day after our first meeting. Ms. Wright and I were attacked by a pair of footpads. Obviously they were unsuccessful at killing us. After some prodding they told the magistrate some interesting things.”
“Oh?” Squibley began to panic. 
“Yes, and looking at these documents I am partial to believing them. “
“The documents?”
“Yes, the documents. They seem to have been forged.”
“Forged?”
“Yes, and after being attacked I am inclined to believe the footpads when they say they were hired to cover up the forgery.” Continuing on he said, “Forging documents of a Lord and hiring thugs to kill another lord is a serious crime, I believe a hanging offense. Isn’t that right, Macintyre?” Sterling asked.
“Yes, my lord.” Macintyre replied.
“The Runner here is to take you to Newgate.” Sterling told Squibley.
“Newgate! I did not hire them, she did!”
“She?”
“Yes, Lady Octavia.”
“Ah yes, Lord Thornburg’s widow.”
“Yes!” Squibley practically squealed. Seeing a lifeline he confessed, “She is the one who hired them. I did not know anything about it. All I did was re-write the will leaving all of his unentailed property to her.”
“And Ms. Wright?”
“In the original will Lord Thornburg left her Blackbrier Park and a sizeable income.” 
Squibley confessed all, his part in everything for the forgery and the payoff. He no longer had the original will but in his written confession taken down at Bow Street, he outlined Cecilia’s rightful inheritance. In exchange for his confession Squibley avoided the hangman’s noose, but not Newgate .



Chapter Fourteen

After getting Squibley’s confession and confirmation that it was Cecilia’s father’s widow who paid him to alter the will it was time to confront her. Unlike when he visited the solicitor Cecilia insisted in accompanying them to Lady Octavia’s. She wanted to stand up to the woman who tried to take so much from her. She was determined to show her that she could not take advantage of people no matter her reasons, which she could not fathom. Her father had left her a huge monthly stipend as well as several properties. There was no reason to take her inheritance as well.
They called on Lady Octavia at two o'clock. The runner was to meet them in front of Lord Thornburg’s London house. Lady Octavia had yet to move out of the house even after the new lord Thornburg was found and came to London to claim the title. It seems that she was in no hurry to move on to the dower estate in the country or any of the other estates she inherited upon her husbands’s death.
Sterling handed down Cecilia from the Duke’s carriage. Sterling thought it best to pull out all the stops when dealing with Lady Octavia so they used the Duke’s carriage with the family crest prominently displayed on the door. 
Mr. Macintyre, the Runner, met them at the walk before the house. Dressed in his bright red suit that the Runners were famous for he nodded to Sterling and bowed to Cecilia. Cecilia had met him the day before when Sterling told her of Squibley’s confession and Lady Octavia’s involvement.
During the meeting they discussed the consequences that Lady Octavia faced for the fraud and the attempted murder. Cecilia knew that nobility are not often punished for their crimes so she was not expecting much and the Runner confirmed her suspicion. Because the footpad who attacked them was dead and the other did not know who hired them they could not prove her guilt beyond a shadow of a doubt. And because she was a lady of nobility punishing her for the fraud will take time. Nobility was not eager to convict one of their own, especially for taking the funds her husband left his bastard. Cecilia’s goal this day was not to see her pay for her crimes but to get her to confess and tell her why. Blackbrier Park was insignificant compared to all of the other Thornburg estates 
The door was opened by a very severe looking butler. With as much haughtiness as he could muster Sterling handed him one of his gold inlaid cards and said “Lord Sterling to see Lady Octavia.”
Glancing at the card then looking at Sterling, Cecilia and Macintyre he said, “One moment” then disappeared down the hall.
They were left waiting in the foyer for several minutes. Although proper etiquette was for them to be shown into the salon immediately this was not the case. Cecilia took the time to examine the house, this was the first time she has seen the house much less been inside it. She had always been curious of where her father lived when he was away to London on business. The house was just as she imagined it, formal with dark woods polished to a high shine. 
Cecilia looked to Mr. Macintyre, he seemed relaxed, waiting for nobility must be an everyday occurrence for the runner.  Sterling was shifting his weight off his bad leg and leaning into his cane, although healed it was not as strong as it once was.
Lost in thought, it was a moment before Cecilia noticed the butler was returning. “If you would follow me.” he said and escorted them to a salon at the back of the house. At the door he announced their presence to the lady in the room, “Lord Sterling Fairchild and associates.”
Lady Octavia looked up from the sampler that she was stitching then stood shaking out her skirts. With eyes only for Sterling she walked forward with her hand extended. “My Lord Fairchild, it is nice to make your acquaintance. I do not believe we have met, however I am sure we run in the same circles. How may I help you?” She had pointedly ignored both Cecilia and Macintyre.
Kissing the back of her hand he bowed and introduced them. “Lady Octavia, I believe you know Ms. Cecilia Wright.”
“Unfortunately.” she replied flatly.
Ignoring the comment Sterling continued, “… and Mr. Macintyre from Bow Street.”
She did not even acknowledge him just squinted in distain.
“My lady, you may not be aware but two years ago my brother purchased Blackbrier Park from you.”
“Oh? I do not pay attention to such trifles, my late husband’s solicitor took care of such business.”
“Yes, well...the Duke gave the estate to me and recently there have been questions of ownership as well as validity of the late Earl’s will.”
Cecilia could not take it any longer. She wanted answers, she wanted to know why. Why would she change the will, why would she have them attacked. It was only money and the original will left her plenty. Why go to such lengths for such a paltry sum in relationship to the vast sum she originally received? “Why did you change the will? Why take Blackbrier Park, my home?” In frustration she simply asked, “Why?”
Lady Octavia pulled back and with an ugly look on her face she said, “How dare you?” How dare some little bastard borne of some base born tramp come into my home and accuse me of any wrong doing. Who do you think you are speaking to? I am the Countess of Thornburg. You should not even speak to me, I am so above you.”
As she began speaking Lady Octavia started to lose control. Her rage was so great that she was shaking with it. “Don’t you think that I didn’t know what he was doing there, setting up a little family, treating you as if you belong. You belong nowhere, to no one. I am his wife. Me. You are nothing. Nothing but a bastard.” She raged, “Everything should have been left to me. I’m his countess not your mother and certainly not you. Me. I don’t care what those papers said, everything belonged to me.” She spat as she continued her tirade “I am not going to let some bastard take what rightly belongs to me. Even if you have to die for me to get it.”  She ended the last statement at a near shout, echoing throughout the room.
After that wild rant she suddenly turned away from them and calmed. Brushing her hair back into some resemblance of order she faced them, her face set in stone.
Coldly she said, “You cannot prove anything. No one of consequence would take the word of some based borne cit over that of a lady. Even if you could, nothing will come of it. Now leave before I have you thrown out.”
Cecilia, Sterling and even Macintyre were so shocked at the amount of vengeance that spewed from her that they were silent.
“I think not.”
The statement came from behind them. Surprised they all whipped around to face the new Earl of Thornburg. 
The Michael Wentworth, the new Earl of Thornburg and distant relation to the old, had just returned from a business meeting and when he walked in the front door he heard the commotion in the salon, curious he went to investigate. What he saw was Lady Octavia, a lady who was normally so coldly proper, in the midst of an apoplectic fit of great proportions. 
She seemed to have lost all control. He heard her confession to acts that he would have otherwise not believed her capable.  She believed that there would be no consequences. He could not let her get away with it. “I cannot allow you to continue with this atrocity.”
 “You don’t control me.” Lady Octavia said.
“No? I don’t believe that you want to test me.” he said with steely reserve. “I have been all over the city collecting your vouchers; you seem to have racked up a lot of debt in the last two years.”
Shocked Lady Octavia drew up to her full height. “How dare you intrude on my business!”

“Your business had collectors knocking on my door.” Coldly he continued “This is the last straw. Not only did you go through the money the Earl left you but Ms. Wright’s, as well.”
With that he turned to Cecilia and Sterling and said, “Hello, I do not believe that we have met. Let me introduce myself, I am Michael Wentworth, the new Earl of Thornburg.” Apologetically he continued, “I’ll make sure that everything is as it should be. I’ll have the funds that are properly yours as soon as I am able and I am sure that we can work out something about Blackbrier Park. I am dreadfully sorry for this occurrence.”
Apologizing to that bastard was the last straw for Lady Octavia. With a scream of rage she took up the snipping shears on the side table and charged Cecilia. Pure unadulterated rage was in her eyes. 
Seeing Lady Octavia go for the long pointy instruments, Sterling stepped in front of Cecilia protecting her. Grabbing Lady Octavia’s wrist he wrestled the sharp shears from her grasp. The Wentworth jumped into action as well, wrapping his arms around her waist and pulling her away.
Once subdued and locked in her room with a burly footman watching her they all gathered in Lord Thornburg’s study to discuss the details of Lady Octavia’s offenses. With such a visceral reaction and violent tendencies Sterling, Macintyre, the Runner and the Wentworth agreed that drastic actions were in order. The Earl, taking responsibility, called for a physician. 
The physician, after a quick examination and consulting the Earl determined that Lady had a psychotic break. Her continued state of agitation was not good for her health. His recommendation was a stay in a special facility for overwrought females. The Earl, knowing the reputation of such places decided to place her in a private facility for treatment and observation.

****

Sterling and Cecilia returned to the Duke’s home in emotional exhaustion. They sat in a comfortable silence together both lost in thought. This afternoon they had been through a lot together. Lady Octavia admitted her part in the deception and tried to kill Cecilia once again. 
With the truth revealed Cecilia did not know where that left them. One thing she did know was that when Sterling protected her from Lady Octavia’s rage she had never loved him more. It amazed her that a man would go to such lengths for her, first helping her find the truth then saving her not once but twice. She knew that changes were coming but she hoped whatever they were they remained friends.
Sterling knew that after today’s revelations it was time, time to convince Cecilia to marry him. Her objections to their marriage were no longer a consideration. As an heiress she could no longer say that she was not good enough. He just hoped that she did not think that he was proposing again just for that reason.
That night Sterling entered Cecilia’s room through the connecting door without knocking. She looked up from the book she was reading and after seeing him she laid the book on the bed. She could see whatever Sterling had to say it was serious; he had a look of utter concentration. Without waiting for permission he sat on the bed at her hip. 
Never one for romantic gestures Sterling just rushed into this proposal. From his pocket he pulled a box, a jewelry box. “This ring belonged to my mother and if you would do the honor of becoming my wife, I would like you to wear it.”
“Oh, Sterling.” Cecilia breathed.
 “I know you said no last time but I would like you to listen to me before giving your answer.” Taking the ring from the box, Sterling set the box aside and holding the ring continued, “This last week has shown me that we are friends as well as lovers and when we were attacked it cemented the realization that I love you, I can’t imagine living without you.” 
“Miss Cecilia Wright, will you marry me?” he asked again.
Cecilia who was staring at the ring while Sterling was talking looked into his eyes. She loved him so much. Today she realized that love knows no bounds and that their love should not be bound by society’s rules and as long as Sterling’s family approved of their relationship she was willing to risk her heart. She had tears in her eyes, tears of joy. “Oh Sterling, I love you too. Yes, I will marry you.”



Epilogue

They were married two weeks later in the Blackbrier Village. It was an intimate ceremony in the small chapel with local friends in attendance. The room was filled with flowers and the morning sun streamed through the large glass window. Sterling’s brother stood with him and Mary was her attendant. Wentworth, the new Earl of Thornburg, walked her down the aisle. 
Over the two weeks Cecilia and Sterling came to know the new Earl well. They had become good friends and Cecilia was happy to have a relation, as distant as he was. The Earl did what he promised and returned the inheritance that her father left her and he also gave her the purchase price of Blackbrier Park which she in turn gave to the Duke. 
Sterling and Cecilia decided to live at Blackbrier Park, the question of who owned the estate was never raised.



Coming Soon By Liz Rein

Steele Her Heart: Project Steele #1
In 1958 Dr. Jack E. Steele, a medical doctor and retired US Airforce Colonel, coined the term bionics. Bionics originating from bion meaning unit of life and ic meaning like. Bionic: like a unit of life.
This new science focused on giving superhuman powers with the use of electromechanical implants. DARPA, The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency is responsible for developing this technology under the classified program called Project STEELE. 
Betrayed by a mole in the Black Ops Captain Grayson Foster’s team was severely injured. Now with the help of the Defense Advance Research Projects Agency and experimental high tech bio-mechanical and DNA manipulation research they are healed with new enhancements. Now on the hunt for the mole Grayson rescues Sara, a photojournalist, who can identify the culprit. 
Can they put aside their attraction while they search for the traitor?

