Rosalie Thorne :A Dangerous Obsession
Nicole Arias
Copyright 2013 Nicole Arias
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
Prologue
I added the last period to my essay at noon. In just one hour, I was supposed to turn it in. Applying to be a professor shouldn't be this stressful. And I still had to pass my exam before I was guaranteed a spot. My mother said if I really had a passion for it, writing essays and studying for tests shouldn't be that bad. But it was. I don't understand; learning about animals and medicine had always been so fun for me in the past, especially the combination of both. So why was it so difficult to focus lately?
Three hours later, I was sitting in class with my best friend Penelope. We had taken a final, one-week course on jellyfish (I know, random) in order to spend one last class together after graduating. Almost everyone else had gone home after the ceremony the week before, but Cornell still had its door open for the two of us, along with three other guys who didn't seem to have a life and stared at us in a creepy manner.
"We really shouldn't have taken this class," she told me, looking back at me from her seat in the next row, one seat to the right. "I don't like classes in the evening! We should be partying or sleeping..."
I smiled and asked, "Penelope, why are we not sitting next to each other if there's practically nobody else in here?"
"You ask this on the last day?" she asked with a soft chuckle.
"I don't know about me," I told her. "But I doubt you're isolating yourself for the idea of not being distracted."
"Is the teacher even going to show up today?" she asked. "I have one other class I'm going to go to, not that I went at all during the year, and now that I'm a graduate I can't possibly be late. It's literature!"
I smiled again. We were science girls, after all. I said, "Is your headache gone, Pen?"
"No," she said. "But I think I'll have to deal with it. I'm going to go and sit in so that the professor has a nice impression of me at least on the last day."
"I'll go with you," I told her as we stood up. "The TA for that class is really cute."
"Yup," she said. I smirked and we headed over to the class. I didn't think there would be a problem with me sitting in since the year was technically over and attending now was completely optional. To my surprise, the lecture hall was pretty full. I noticed Penelope looking sick and weak after about ten minutes into the lesson, so I got the TA to help me take her out.
"You're going to be fine?" he asked her.
"Yeah," she nodded, looking really fragile and sick.
"Okay," said the TA. What was his name again? Wilfred? I'd chatted with him once or twice while waiting for Penelope to speak with her professor or pick up assignments. He added, "Give me a call if you need anything, alright?" He wrote his number on a little slip of paper and handed it to her. Then he smirked and headed back inside the building.
As soon as he did, Penelope brightened and flashed me a smile. "That's how you get a cute guy's number," she said, flipping the paper in my face.
I rolled my eyes, "You have a boyfriend."
She frowned for a moment but then instantly became happy again. "But you don't," she said, putting the paper in my hand and tightening my fingers on it. "Give him a call later. For now, we need to get out of here. I'm actually a tiny bit dizzy so we should go eat or something."
***
"I can't believe for the first time in my life I had difficulty writing an essay," I told Penelope.
"You're just panicking because it's your first real job," said Penelope when we went for lunch later that evening. I flipped through the menus that the girl with the piercings had just given us indifferently. We were sitting in Aunt Carrie's, a seafood restaurant in the heart of Point Judith. This was my favorite place in town. I hate seafood with a passion, but I just felt at home inside- except for the fact that one waitress always gave me nasty looks. Penelope and I came at least once a week, if not more. And we always sat in the same spot, by a large, green plant which was always positioned right behind me.
"What are you going to get?" she asked me, watching me flip through the menu.
I raised an eyebrow at her, peering over the top of my menu. Then, sighing, I put it down and said, "Okay, I get it. There's no point in me even looking through it anymore." I pushed it to the side and she smiled.
"Calm down!" she giggled. "It's the same fight every time we come. But seriously. Why would you even peek a glance at the thing if-"
"-if we've been coming here for the past ten years and you have a photographic memory anyway," I finished for her.
"Well, you do!" she exclaimed, laughing. "Look, Rose, no offense, but you're a genius."
"Gee, I didn't realize you were saying the 'g' word to offend me," I said.
"Point is," she continued, "that some of us aren't that lucky. Take that man for example." She nodded over to a man sitting with six other people. They looked like they were having a hard time reading the menus- really not that convoluted- and I laughed at the sight of them.
"You're right," I said. "He's going to hate menus after all those people he's waiting on finally finish deciding."
"But not us," said Penelope. "You've got your whole smart thing going on and have been able to tell me word for word what it says for the past three years, while I grew up here and have come weekly for the past sixteen years."
I nodded as the waitress stopped by us again and asked what drinks we wanted. "Sprite," I said.
"Diet Dr. Pepper," Penelope told her. She wrote it down and walked away without another word. Just a few minutes later, she was back with our drinks and holding out her pen and pad.
"Thank you," Penelope and I both said as we traded the drinks, which she had placed incorrectly.
"And are you two ready to order your meals?" she asked us, not noticing or not caring.
"Yes," I said. "I'll take the double cheeseburger and my friend here will have the lobster salad."
"That a girl," said Penelope with a smile. The waitress walked away again, uninterested in anyone she walked by, and I just rolled my eyes.
"Still not warming up to dear Suzanne, huh?" Penelope questioned me.
"She's just so..." I said. I turned back to Suzanne, watching her for a moment and then turning back to Penelope. "Wait, did you just use her name?" I asked.
"Uh, yeah?" she said. "She has it on her nametag, you know?"
"I know that," I replied. "It's just we always call her something else. Anything but her name..." I thought about it for a second, looking at Penelope. "Oh my gosh! You're friends with her!"
"Didn't I tell you?" she asked, taking a sip from her soda. "She's dating Simon now."
My jaw dropped. "You didn't tell me!"
"I didn't?" she asked, obviously knowing she hadn't. "Are you sure?"
I pointed at my head. "Eidetic memory, remember?"
"Ah, right," she responded, pushing her cup aside. "Rosie, I'm sorry. It's just... I didn't want you worked up about who my brother dates now. Narragansett is way too big a town for you to be obsessing over an idiot like my brother."
"Penelope!" I exclaimed. "You should've told me! I think it's important enough! Besides, I'm so not obsessed with him! There are roughly 15,868 people in town and on my obsession list he's probably around 15,000th."
She gave me a look. "It's okay if you're not over him. But don't spend your time thinking about what he's up to know. He was too dumb for you, anyway."
"Penelope!" I exclaimed again. Right then, Suzanne appeared with our orders. I barely picked at my food. While Penelope went on and on about her grant to study marine biology in the Caribbean while enjoying a cruise, I just nodded away. It was the beginning of summer vacation and I had one month until the final decision about working at the vet school at Cornell was decided. Meanwhile, it seemed everyone else was rapidly moving to adulthood. Even stupid Simon had a new girlfriend. He'd gone from one of the most brilliant minds in the country to one of the dullest. Ugh!
"Rosie?" Penelope was saying. "Rose!"
"Hm?" I responded.
"Did you hear what I said?" she asked. "Rose, I'm asking you to come with me! I was planning on taking Tommy, but he's really not as fun as you!"
"Go with you on your cruise?" I repeated. "You want me to be your plus one?"
She laughed. "Where did you daze off to?" she asked. "It's so unlike you to not pay attention! Yes, Rose, I think it'd be sweet if you came along. It's just nine nights and you'll be back in plenty of time to get word from Cornell. So you can relax a little! Honey, it's only been a week since we officially graduated from Cornell- you on your eighth year and me on my fourth- and you're already worrying about going back in like more than two months! You need to go out and live this summer. Have an adventure! Baby girl, what you need is a cruise!"
I smiled, "Let's do it."
PART ONE- ROSALIE THORNE
Chapter 1: Relaxing
Three days after she proposed it, Penelope and I were boarding a cruise ship in New Jersey. It had been an impulsive decision to go. I always planned everything way ahead, needing to be in control of any situation I was faced in. But Penelope was right; I needed an adventure this summer. And I intended to get it on the Explorer of the Ocean.
The night after we had eaten at Aunt Carrie's and she invited me, I talked to my mother at home. She told me she wasn't too sure it was a great idea.
"Mom, I know what you're saying is somewhat true," I said to her. "But honestly, after skipping fifth grade and middle school just to end up going to college twice... I'm a little exhausted. School has never been hard for me, Mom, and while it's super important I'm not too sure I want to be always worrying about it, either. I need to unwind."
"You'll be one of the youngest professors," she said proudly. "Heck, you'll be teaching kids your age or older than you even."
"Yeah, Mom," I smiled. "So before I do all of that, I need to just relax." She ended up agreeing that this was a good idea after all. I didn't actually need her permission or anything; I just liked having her approval before making big decisions.
I managed to get some extra money from my parents before I really set out on my adventure. I didn't actually plan on using it, but I figured it may as well be there just in case. I figured wrong. Since the cruise was completely being paid for, Penelope brought no extra cash, so I ended up using up most of mine on just getting us on an airplane so we could go to New Jersey.
Before that, though, after purchasing the flight tickets, I went and made a bold move. I was so tired of always being considered the girl who 'looks like Penelope, just not as pretty' so I did something to make us look different. No longer would I have that brown hair of mine, so close to the dark brown hair that she possessed. No, I went ahead and dyed it- I couldn't do much about our similar eye colors or facial structures. I went with blonde.
When I met her at the airport, all Penelope said was, "Damn! You look hot Rosie!"
"It's the expensive stuff, too," I said. "It'll last me a while. Just have to retouch the roots." I smiled, put on some shades, and led us to the line where we'd have our baggage checked and all that. We spent the plane ride bashing on other people back home who had thought they were doing the coolest thing this summer but obviously didn't have it as sweet as we did! We didn't even notice that we had some celebrities from one of those MTV shows on the same section as us- the lady next to us said it when we were getting off at New Jersey- because we were so excited!
We kind of rushed to the get on the ship when we were near the deporting area because we made it a little late. We ran over there- luggage rolling loudly behind us- and made it just in time for them to let us know we were not late at all.
After an interesting conga line leading us to our rooms, Penelope and I were already exhausted and ready to flop onto our beds in our junior suite. It was absolutely beautiful. We happened to have our own beds, our own television, a mini-fridge, and even a grand piano! Maybe I should have become a marine biologist instead of a veterinarian... We decided to just hang out in our rooms for the rest of the day and officially start our adventures the next day.
"What do you want to do first?" Penelope asked me the next morning. She was lying on her bed, her head propped over her hands in the most relaxing way possible.
"Chill..." I said. Then I sat up and said, "Or..."
"Or...?" she repeated, sitting up, as well.
"In the day that it'll take before we're in the Bermuda..." I started. "Why not go crazy with all the magnificent features this ship has to offer? After all, it's all being paid for by someone else."
She smiled and said, "Spa!"
We put on our bikinis- our bathrobes over them, of course- and headed out of the room. While Penelope had let her dark, wavy hair down, my hair was in a side ponytail. I had even put a little yellow flower behind my ear to give the impression that I belonged in the tropics, even if I didn't. We were just outside the spa, when Penelope looked down over the railing to another one of the ship's renowned activity centers, the fitness center. Oh no, not the fitness nut again.
"No..." I mumbled as I pulled her over. "It's relaxing time!"
"Yeah," she said, "but think of all the pounds we're going to gain after the spa when we go to the café!"
"You'll burn it off at the club!" I exclaimed. "Let's go relax!"
"No," she said, crossing her arms defiantly.
"Pen!" I exclaimed. "Fine! Then go get me at the pool deck when you're done."
"Pool deck?" she asked as I started walking in the opposite direction. "What are you going to do there?"
"Get in the pool maybe?" I said when I turned back to look at her.
"You can't swim, genius," she said.
"Okay, ignoring the 'genius' remark because I am actually a genius," I said. "I'm going to hang out and meet a cute guy, okay?"
"Fine," she responded. "I just hope his abs are as sweet as the ones on the guys who are in the gym."
"Fine," I responded. I stomped away, angry, and did my best to make it to the pool deck. I had to ask a few people along the way, but finally I arrived. It was packed. There were children running around, teens crowding the whirlpool, and adults all around the edges, their foreheads creased with worry as they watched their children splash each other.
I managed to avoid being pushed into the pool and decided to just sunbathe. When I finally found an empty lounge chair, I put my bag- the one Penelope had brought but I took from her on our way to the spa- next to it, took off the bathrobe, and lied down. I was sharing the round table- those with the umbrellas in the middle- with someone else, though I couldn't tell what he looked like because he had a magazine over his face. Was he sleeping? I ignored the fact that I wasn't alone and, taking out a magazine of my own, I lounged on the chair like any other girl would have. I wondered if he was alone, but didn't bother much about it after a couple seconds.
"No sunscreen?" asked a warm voice. I looked up to find the man watching me. He was alone, it appeared, his one bag next to a single pair of shoes. He looked young, probably in his early twenties, and very handsome, indeed. He had auburn hair- long for a guy, unless you're from California or a Jonas Brother- and beautiful blue eyes. His eyebrows, a little thicker than the normal, were raised at me, expecting an answer.
"I, uh..." I started. Oh, right, the sunscreen!
"Forgot?" he asked.
"Yeah," I said, nodding and reaching into the bag. Please tell me there's sunscreen in there. Finally, I pulled one out. Thank goodness Penelope had packed it in there. I didn't really forget it- my memory makes it impossible to forget any detail, no matter how small- but I didn't find a need for it. I wasn't pale or anything, but my skin just didn't tan or burn. I remained a nice, toned color forever without having to worry. Penelope, on the other hand, constantly required tanning, so it was no surprise that it were here.
"You planning on getting that?" he asked me. I stopped applying sunscreen pointlessly for a second and looked over at him in surprise. He was pointing at my cell phone, which was vibrating and flashing Penelope's name.
"Sorry," I told him before whipping my hands on the bathrobe, which was lying on the ground, and then picking up the phone.
"Hello?" she said.
"Yes?" I said.
"Are you... because I don't... and it's starting to freak me... I don't know what... help me..." I couldn't understand most of that because of the muffling.
"Pen, the reception is really bad," I said, practically shouting into my phone. "We're out at sea, remember?"
"Curse you... a cheap phone... and now I need...because... lost..." I managed to understand.
"You want to use my phone?" asked the handsome guy next to me.
"Who... that... just talked?" I heard from Penelope.
"I don't know..." I said. "I think I'll just go find her."
"Oh, she's on the ship?" he asked.
"Yeah," I said, getting up and putting my things into Penelope's bag.
"Is she okay?" he asked. "I'm sorry for intruding, but I'm just worried."
"Worried?" I asked as I put the bag over my shoulder. "You don't know who she is."
"I guess I'm just like that," he said. "It's the way I was... raised..." Okay? He was still cute, but really odd.
"Well, two people are better for finding a girl lost in a very large ship," I agreed. He nodded and I took the lead as we walked in the direction of the spa.
"So do you have any idea where she's at?" he asked as we passed through the pool deck and headed towards the elevators I'd taken to get up here.
"She was at the gym," I said. "My guess is we'll probably find her somewhere in between.
"What does she look like?" he asked.
"People say like me," I said. "The only difference now is she's got black hair, beautiful green eyes-"
"Like yours?" he interjected. He had noticed my eyes?
I blushed. "No," I told him as we waited for the elevator. "Hers are more of a blurry green, mixed with brown sort of. She's 5'7, so only about one inch shorter than me. She was wearing a blue, polka-dot bikini. Hm... What else? She has tan skin, a little darker than mine... Kind of looks like Megan Fox, I think, just more beautiful... Hm..." I hoped it didn't sound like I was in love with her.
"Do you always analyze people that much?" he asked me as we waited for the people in the elevator to leave and went inside. We were the only ones.
"No," I lied. "It's just she's been my best friend for a couple of years now."
"Still," he said. "I've got a couple ship... sorry, friends, and I don't know any of them that well. Even those who I've known for probably twenty years now." The elevator doors closed and it started going down. Why did it feel like it was so slow?
"Wow," I said. "I don't think I've known anyone who's not family for that long. Where are you from?"
"Oh," he said. "You know... Everywhere..."
"Right," I said with a smile. "Technically, we all have descendants from many parts of the world."
He gave me a look that told me that's not what he meant but the elevator suddenly stopped and I didn't have time to question him. I almost lost my footing for a second but he grabbed a hold of my arm and kept me up.
"You okay?" he asked.
"Yeah," I said, blowing away the strand of hair that had flipped over to my face in the stumble.
"I wonder why this stopped," he said, examining the buttons.
I looked around. "I guess we just have to wait," I said. "Maybe it's a power outage?" Not very likely.
"Maybe," he said, turning away from the buttons. He took a seat on the floor. Then he asked, "So where are you from?"
"Rhode Island," I said, taking a seat next to him. "But I like the way you put it better. I'm from everywhere."
He laughed. "Why do you like it so much?" he asked.
"I don't know," I said, shrugging. "I guess it just has more excitement to it. It's exotic... I came here looking for adventure..."
"Weird," he said. "I came here to get away from it."
Chapter 2: Stranger Danger
"Why would you want to get away from adventure?" I asked the stranger I know found myself stuck in an elevator with. "Wouldn't life be boring without it?"
"From time to time, I guess," he said. "But think about it. Life without adventure is boring because you get the same routine every day, right?"
"Yes," I nodded.
"Well, isn't it the same with life with constant adventure?" he asked. "Think about it; if you have something happening to you every day, wouldn't you want to have some time to just kick back and do nothing?"
"That makes sense," I said. "So what's your daily adventure?"
He opened his mouth but then the lights came back on and the elevator started going down again. We stared at the doors until the elevator stopped and they opened again. There was a small crowd near the doors, staring at us.
"There she is!" said a familiar voice. It was Penelope, pushing through the crowd and holding out her phone. She tucked it back in between her breasts where she always kept it- obvious now since she was running around in a bikini- and the lovely stranger helped me up. We got out of the elevator, Penelope hugged me, and the manager apologized. The crowd all went their separate ways, some nervously taking the elevator and others walking away.
"It's fine," the guy I had been in the elevator with told the manager. "It wasn't that bad of a minute in there anyway." He smiled at me and I blushed. The manager was going to say something else but a man speaking Russian started complaining about some vents being broken or something like that. I wasn't very fluent in Russian.
"Thanks for everything," I told the guy. "This is my friend so..."
"Penelope," he nodded at her.
"He was just helping me look for you," I told her, ignoring the look she was giving me.
"Well, I was worried about you!" she exclaimed. "You went to the pool, you can't swim..." Then, glancing at the guy, she added, "Though it looks like you were in great company."
"Penelope, this is..." I started. I turned to him and said, "Actually, I don't think I got your name."
"Sorry," he said. "It's Trey. Trey Remington."
"I'm Rosalie," I told him. "Everyone calls me Rosie or even Rose but... It doesn't matter what you choose. Or, I guess, it doesn't matter at all since I probably won't be seeing you for much longer."
"Why?" he and Penelope asked at the same time.
"Time to go, Pen," I told her, grabbing her arm and yanking her away.
"Nice to meet you Rosie!" he called out to me.
"You, too!" I shouted back as Penelope and I walked on. "Thanks for everything!"
"Okay," Penelope said when we rounded to another hallway. "What gives? He was totally cute and totally into you."
"Pen," I said, "I'm not looking for a nine day romance. Or any romance at that."
"But isn't that what you came for?" she asked me, stopping me. "Adventure?"
"He came here to get away from it," I told her.
"He told you that?" she asked me, giving me a look.
"We were stuck in an elevator," I told her. "Yes, people talk about those types of things to strangers." I started walking again and she was one step behind. Finally, walking by my side, she let it go.
"Fine," she said. "But later, when you're sulking around about how you can't get him out of your head, I'm going to say, 'I told you so'. And you can't get mad."
"I'm already mad at you!" I exclaimed. We were walking through another empty hallway and I realized I had no idea where I was going.
"Why?" she asked.
"For making me worry about you!" I exclaimed.
"I was lost!" she cried. "I figured since you have the whole photographic memory thing, you'd know how to find your way around the ship."
"About that," I said.
"You didn't take a look at the map!" she exclaimed. "Rosie, I thought I told you that as soon as we got in!"
"I forgot!" I exclaimed.
"Rose, you never forget," she reminded me. "You know, photographic memory?"
"Right," I said. "God, I wish forgetting was possible for me... Then I'd have a credible excuse."
"But you don't," said Penelope. "What do you plan on doing now?" she asked.
"Well, these hallways are endless," I said. "We have to find our way out because this is definitely not where our suite is. So let's go outside." I pointed to the end of the hallway where there was a glass door and I could see the outer railings. We walked over and went outside.
"Okay," she said. "What now?"
"We try to find our way to the main deck," I said. "If we can get back to where the elevator was, while I'm still paying attention to where I'm going, I'm sure I can get us back."
"So get Trey out of your head," she said. She waited a few seconds and then said, "Now!"
She laughed so I gave her a small push and said, "Oh shut up!"
"You like him," she teased in a sing-song voice. I shook my head and started walking to the right. I had to rely on my gut for once.
"Ugh, I can't focus right!" I exclaimed after a few minutes of walking and abruptly coming to a stop. "I can't remember which way we walked through not too long ago."
"Man, your memory really is bad around that guy," she said.
"Why do you assume it's him?" I asked.
"Because he's right over there," she said, pointing to Trey, who was standing about seven meters away. He was looking out to the sea, and then down at something below.
"What's he doing?" I whispered.
"I don't know," Penelope whispered back. "Let's find out." She started creeping towards him, signaling me to be quiet with a finger to her lips. She got closer and closer to him. When she was right behind him, she yelled, "WHATCHA DOING?"
I think even I jumped back. Trey yelled and then shocked to see us there, stepped away a little. "Um," he said as Penelope laughed, "What are you two doing here?"
"We're lost," Penelope smiled. "Rosie here is proven to be a genius; she reads like 15,000 words per minute and has a photographic memory- who knows what her IQ is. But she didn't think to even glance at the ship's map."
He looked at me, surprised, and asked, "You're really a genius? You don't look like it."
"I don't look smart?" I replied.
"No, no," he tried to fix it.
"He means you look too pretty to be a nerd," Penelope said for him. He nodded with a smile, so I blushed and smiled back.
Penelope gave me one of her looks then looked out to the water. She gasped and then pointed to something. I looked over and saw that it was a shark. Trey gasped, too, frantically looking around for something else.
"Don't tell me you're scared of sharks?" asked Penelope, looking away.
"Oh, no," said Trey. "I was just looking for... Nothing..." I peeked over at the water but didn't see anything suspicious, so I decided to let it go. I turned to Trey, noticing the fact that he was only about two inches taller than me, and then looked at Penelope. She waved her hands at us, signaling me to make a move.
"So..." I said. "You have any plans for tonight?"
"Actually, I do," he said, to my dismay. "I'm leaving the ship."
"You are?" I asked. "But we won't be docking anywhere until tomorrow that we hit Bermuda in the morning."
He flashed me a perfectly white smile and said, "I'll find a way."
"Why are you leaving so soon?" Penelope asked him.
"I have to go deal with some things nearby," he said. He peered back to the water and then said, "Although it looks like I might just be staying until the morning after all."
"Great!" Penelope beamed. "Then you can come with us to the club tonight!"
"Um," I said.
"Sure," he said with a smile. "Now, if you tell me where your suites are, I'm sure I can help you find your way."
We told him what section we were in and after what felt like five hours of walking with Penelope talking, we reached the suites. I had already remembered how to get there after going through the main deck, but I let him keep leading anyway. I kind of felt safe with him around.
"Thanks so much," I told Trey as Penelope swiped our card and went inside.
"Don't mention it," he said. "So I'll see you tonight?"
"You will," I said with a smile. I watched him walk away before finally going inside the suite.
"Oh my gosh!" shrieked Penelope as she literally hopped around the room. "We have to go to the boutique and find you a sexy dress for tonight! You're going to look so hot on your date!"
"It's not a date," I said. "And you know I didn't bring enough money for that."
"Then you'll borrow something of mine," she responded. "And it is so a date, Rosie! Did you see the way he looked at you? Ah, how romantic!" She fell back on her bed dramatically and then shot back up to drag me towards her clothes. After a while, I finally decided on a black dress. It went to about four inches down my thighs- not too short, not too long- and had thin straps. I showered and blow dried my hair, and then realized I hadn't eaten anything. Penelope asked for room service so we ate some yummy fruit salads followed with stakes and deserts. Then I curled my hair while Penelope showered. She straightened her hair, we did our makeup, and suddenly it was time to go clubbing.
"You look great," she told me as I stood by the doorway of the balcony. I smiled and looked back at her, blowing her a kiss.
"You, too," I said as we started heading out. Apparently, I looked so great she had to tell me again.
"You look hot!" Penelope exclaimed as we walked in the direction of the club. "He's going to love you!" I had looked at the map, memorized it, and knew exactly where we were headed now. The nightclub was almost directly above our suite, so it wasn't too far a walk. I wore short heels, keeping in mind that Trey wasn't that much taller than me. Penelope looked great, too. Her dark green dress really looked great on her and unlike me, she was free to wear whatever size heel she wanted.
"Girls," Trey said when he saw us by the club entrance.
"Hey, why aren't you inside?" I asked.
He looked at the entrance, a bouncer standing with a rope by the side, and said, "I actually was thinking we might want to do something else tonight."
"Is the bouncer not letting you in or something?" I asked with a laugh.
"They let anyone 18 and older in," said Penelope. "How old are you?"
"24," he told her. "But that's not it. I'm just not really in the party mood."
"Then you two hang out," Penelope said, "and I'll go dance my ass off with some cute strangers." She smiled at me, winked, and then headed over to the club. I watched her show the bouncer her ID and then strut inside.
"So what do you want to do?" I asked him.
"Uh, how about the Solarium?" he suggested. "It's not a long walk from here. Or we could try that Italian restaurant on the other side of the ship. I got it; the golf court. It's a long walk from here since it's on the furthest side of the ship, but I'm sure we'll be fine. We can sneak in and it'll be worth it since I hear it looks beautiful when it's night time."
"Sneaking into a golf course," I said. "Sounds like the adventure I was looking for. Let's do it."
We walked for a while. He complimented my dress and I complimented his nice, white shirt and tie. It looked great on him. We walked, talking about pretty much nothing specifically, until finally we reached the course. There were no guards or anything around. The action was going on next door, where the skating rink was located.
"It's kind of cold," he said when we were walking through the course. I had taken off my pathetic heels and was carrying them, feeling the cold, fake grass on my feet. "You want my jacket?" he asked.
"I'm fine," I said, but he was already taking it off and putting it around me.
"You're really sweet," I told him. "You just met me this morning and look how nice you're being."
He smiled and didn't say anything for a couple of seconds. Then he said, "I'm glad someone sees me as something positive."
"What do you mean?" I asked, stopping. He turned to me and looked me in the eye.
"I don't think if you really knew my background you'd think so highly of me," he said.
"What do you do?" I asked him. Jokingly, I said, "You're not a murderer are you?" He didn't answer so I said, "Oh my god."
"No, no," he said. "I'm not some serial killer who randomly booked a cruise to kill you or something."
I sighed with relief and then said, "Then?"
"I didn't even book this cruise," he said. "I'm a stowaway."
"You are?" I asked. "Well... I mean... That's not that bad..."
"Yeah, it's not," he agreed. "But there are other things."
"Like?" I asked.
"Let's just enjoy the rest of the night," he said. I was going to protest but decided I'd better not push him on the subject any further. He'd be gone by the time I woke up tomorrow so why even try. We walked around a bit, laughing and just talking about nothing. At some point, I let go of his jacket and set it down. I put my hair in a bun and started walking around as we talked.
Later, we lied ourselves down behind one of the puts- a giant windmill- and looked up at the stars. He started pointing them out when we had nothing to talk about.
"And that one right there," he was saying. "That's the best star of them all."
"Why?" I asked.
"Because," he said, "it's the one that shines the brightest. Well, third brightest."
"Which ones are in first and second place?" I asked him.
"Your eyes shine so bright, they tied each other for first," he said. I looked at him and blushed. He laughed, "That was cheesy, wasn't it?"
"Yes," I said. "It was."
"Well, I guess then-" he started.
"Trey!" a man's voice hissed. "Trey!" Trey shot up and then stood up, hiding behind the windmill and peeking around it.
"Someone's calling you," I whispered. "Why? You're a stowaway."
"I know," he said. He urged me to hide under the windmill and signaled me to not say a word. He crept around the windmill and took a couple of steps.
"It's me," said the other voice. "Why are you being so sneaky?"
I heard a sigh. Then Trey said, "Darren, you scared me."
"Sorry, Trey," said the other guy, Darren. "But we really have to go."
"I know," Trey responded. "I was going to leave but then some girls showed up and then next thing I know you guys were gone." Did he forget I was just there?
"There were sharks!" Darren exclaimed. "We weren't about to get noticed by fighting them off."
"There was one, Darren," said Trey. "Either way, we better get going before Alexander the Great chews our asses out."
"You better not let him hear you call him that," said Darren. "You know he only likes to be called Captain."
"Oh, I know," said Trey. "And it's been annoying me since he got the title."
"Since we voted him the title," Darren said.
"Whatever," said Trey. "Let's head out." I heard the footsteps and when I finally got the nerve to get out from under the windmill they were nowhere to be found. I ran out of there fast and rushed all the way to the club. Panting, I showed the bouncer my ID and went inside to look for Penelope. She was sweating, probably from all the dancing, and drinking from a glass with an umbrella, while some guy flirted with her. I went over to her and pulled her aside as she set her drink down.
"What is it?" she asked, her speech slurred.
"Oh, no, please don't be drunk," I said.
"What?" she responded in such a way that only a drunk girl would.
"Come with me," I pulled her out of there as best as I could and tried hard to get her all the way to where we had spotted Trey looking out to the water earlier. My memory seemed to have kicked in because I remembered the spot exactly. Unfortunately, he wasn't there.
"Let's get back to the party," begged Penelope. "Pleeeeeaaase."
"No," I said. "Pen, Trey left with a guy and I want to know where he's going. Adventure time, okay?"
"No, I don't want to!" she whined. I slapped my forehead as she started dancing around in circles. While I thought of something to do, I lost track of her for just a second. In that second, she managed to make the most life changing move of them all. She fell overboard.
Chapter 3: Ship to Ship
I heard her shriek and panic immediately ran through me. I turned just in time to see her feet go over the railing. How did she manage that? I ran over to her and when I heard the splash, I freaked out. Then there was thunder and I figured the situation couldn't be worse. I hate the fact that when it's going to rain at night you can't tell because the sky doesn't get obviously grey. I hate it.
"I'm coming for you!" I yelled. Then to anyone who was near, I yelled, "Help!" I looked over the railing and saw that she was struggling to keep herself above the surface. I may not be able to swim but she's drunk so I think I could save her better than she could herself. Feeling the first drops of rain on me, I grabbed one of the lifesavers by the edge, jumped over the railing awkwardly, and felt myself start to go down into the freezing water. What do they do again? Right, first you calm down. I did my best to stop kicking and panicking and then did what I saw in movies until I was over the surface, floating thanks to the lifesaver. I saw Penelope's body starting to run out of energy so I doggy paddled over until I could reach her. I grabbed her- she seemed to have gotten out of that drunk stage with the water's impact- and did my best to wake her up.
"So sleepy..." she murmured. I slapped her face softly a few times.
"Pen, stop it!" I cried. "We have to get help. We're going to die if we don't. I need you to be alert."
"Okay," she nodded, drowsily opening her eyes. "What do we do?"
"I don't know," I started crying. "I don't know." I saw the ship start to move further and further away. So I started yelling for help. Penelope started yelling for help, too. The rain was heavy now but I couldn't remember if there was going to be a storm tonight or not. Since I couldn't remember, I assumed there wasn't, but my memory wasn't so crystal clear lately.
Finally, I saw a sign of hope. A small boat- four people in it- appeared at a distance and started making its way toward us. I started yelling to make sure they were really coming toward us and so did Penelope.
"Your hair..." said Penelope randomly when she looked at me.
"Not the time," I told her. She was still tipsy.
"We're coming," a voice yelled back. I knew that voice... When the boat came close enough I realized I knew that face, too. It was Trey!
"It's the hottie," Penelope said with a giggle when she saw him.
"Rose," Trey said when he saw me.
"Oh, no," said one of the other guys. "You're going to get us into some trouble with the captain... But oh well, you guys know the rules. Get them on the boat."
They picked us up and helped us get on the boat. We were wet and shivering, so two of the guys took off their shirts and put them around us. Penelope lied down in whatever room she had and lay her head on my lap. She fell asleep in no time. They paddled away from the ship for a few minutes before I noticed it.
"Wait, why aren't you getting us back on the ship?" I asked.
"We can't go back there," said Trey. "I told you I'm a stowaway. I almost got caught with just trying to get off. I can't risk going back in there."
"But we have to get back in there," I said. I tried to get up.
"Rose," Trey stopped me. "Please just cooperate with us. You can't swim and your friend is in a daze. We're all the help you have."
"Who are you guys?" I asked.
"We're..." started one of the guys that were paddling. "I'm Darren." So that was the guy he had been talking to. He wasn't bad looking. Certainly not as hot as Trey, but he had a few good attributes. He had a strong jaw, a more grown up look, if you will. His black hair was short and fit his long face. He seemed to have brown eyes, though I couldn't really tell in the dark.
"How can you even see where you're going?" I asked him.
"We follow the stars, sweetie," he told me. I looked back at the cruise ship. It was so far by now that there was no chance of me screaming for help and being heard.
"And we kind of have an instinct for navigating the waters by now," said the other guy rowing. He was darker than the others, his chocolate brown skin seeming so different from the rest. His brown, curly hair was long and tied back a bit below his neck. He had a beard, though not very thick, that made him look more sophisticated but not much older that the other guys. "I'm Liam," he said. "That's Cameron."
"This isn't okay," Cameron said. "We shouldn't be taking people, especially women, to our ship guys. It's not going to go over well."
"Alexander's got a big heart," said Liam. "Plus, you know how he feels about women and children. He's a good man; he'll understand."
"He better," said Cameron.
"He will," said Liam. Cameron was also very good-looking. He had fair skin and light brown hair. His eyes were dark and haunting, especially in the chilling night.
"Is there something wrong with me?" Cameron asked me. I froze, not knowing what to say to him.
"She likes to examine people," Trey told him. "I knew this after the first couple of minutes I met her. She's probably done it to all of you already."
"I feel violated," said Liam, jokingly. I smiled and then looked away.
"Sleep," said Trey. "You'll be safe with us."
I tried to do as he said but I couldn't drift into sleep. As much as I tried, I couldn't shake away the thought that I was in the middle of the ocean with four strangers, soaking wet, in the middle of what was possibly a storm.
I'm not sure when exactly I managed to fall asleep but when I woke up the rain was gone and I wasn't on the little boat anymore. I was in a room with wooden walls and a wooden floor. The bed I was in was not at all close to the comfort level of the bed I had on the cruise ship. I looked to my side and saw a man lying on the other bed. His bare chest was bandaged and there was blood visibly seeping through. I panicked, shot up, and started to get off the bed.
"Where are you headed?" a voice asked me. I jumped up, startled, and then turned to look at the man who had spoken to me.
"Where am I?" I asked him. He was a man in his late twenties. He was dressed more like a pirate than a doctor, I noticed, although he was missing the stereotypical hat, the eye patch, the wooden foot and the hook instead of a hand. He was extremely gorgeous- dirty blonde, shaggy hair, blue eyes, strong physique. He stood up and walked over to me.
"How are you feeling?" he asked me, ignoring the question.
"Peachy," I answered. "Now where am I? Where are my clothes? Where's Penelope? Where's Trey? And who are you?" I looked down to see that I was wearing some other random clothes- not the dress I remembered having on last night- and I didn't really want to know who changed me.
"You're on a ship," he said. "Your clothes are being washed. Don't worry; no man saw you nude or anything like that. Penelope and Trey should be in the mess hall right now, having supper. My name's Travis. You missed two meals already, you know. Why don't you come with me and join the others for this last one? You can meet the crew."
"The crew?" I asked. He removed the hook, which I saw was fake, as well as the eye patch and every other part of his pirate outfit. Was there a costume party, or something? He opened the door and I saw that it was dawn. I followed him outside, my eyes adjusting to the light slowly, and then asked, "What kind of ship is this?"
"Why, a pirate ship," he said. "Didn't Trey think to mention where he was taking you? We're pirates. Trey, Darren, Liam, all of us. I'm the doctor. Trey's the navigator. And I'm about to take you to meet the captain."
I looked at him, not knowing what to say, so I just nodded and said, "Okay..."
He smiled kindly and said, "By the way, welcome to the Whydah Gally."
Chapter 4: Alexander the Great
Doctor Travis led me out and to the ship's deck. He opened a door and we walked down into a giant room with bad lighting. The dim lights flickered over mahogany dining tables and pirates stuffing their faces in all parts of the room. I tried counting them; 2... 5... 9... 14... 20... 30... The final count was forty-three but I could be wrong. One of them, I noticed, was Penelope. She was sitting with Trey, a woman with auburn hair and big eyes, and a muscular, tan man who looked like that Twilight werewolf from far away.
I wanted to call out to Penelope or Trey but I felt that it would attract too much attention from people who may or may not be out for blood. They scared me, so I decided to keep my mouth shut but Travis didn't make that very easy for me.
He cleared his throat loudly, which led to everyone's eyes shifting over to us. They all stared at me, and Penelope stood up eagerly and came to stand with me.
"Are you okay?" I whispered to her when she was at my side.
"I'm fine," she said. "My hangover was horrible this morning but the really cute sailors helped me out." She waved at Cameron, who I remembered clearly from the previous night's events, and he smiled at her. He had been so rude to me. Now he's all friendly with Penelope? Of course. She is beautiful after all.
"Pen, they're not sailors," I whispered to her. "They're pi-"
"So you must be the famous Rosalie Thorne," the muscular werewolf man said as he stood up. "Lovely name that is. I can see why Trey wanted to help you so badly; you're very beautiful indeed. But I have to say, we don't really allow people to join us so abruptly. In fact, you can kind of be considered a stowaway." I gave Trey a look. He got me into this mess and I expected him to get me out.
"It wasn't my-" I started.
"So we're going to have to punish you," said the tanned man. "You can choose. Walk the plank or-"
"What?" I gasped. Penelope giggled next to me. Was this really funny to her? Was she high or something? Soon, every pirate in the room was chuckling. The woman next to Trey was the only one not even smiling.
"Come on, Captain," said Trey, laughing. "I think you've frightened her enough."
I sighed with relief. They were just messing with me. I cleared my throat and said, "I'd like to be returned to the cruise ship so I can go back home."
"No," said the captain. "Not on my orders."
"Who are you to say whether I get to stay or not?" I said.
"Captain Alexander Millar, that's who," he responded. The room went silent again.
"Captain, you should make this pathetic woman walk the plank after all," said a blonde man, standing up. He was tall, five eleven or so, and had long, shaggy hair. I think he may have been one of the best looking guys I'd ever seen, actually.
"Matthew, let's not be hasty," said Captain Alexander. "Rosalie- may I call you Rosie? Rosie, I think we can come to better terms with each other. I'd like to welcome you formally to the ship. You will stay on board until a further decision is made. Since there is only one other woman allowed on the ship- our lovely Lea here- and she's already sharing her cabin with your lovely friend, Penelope, you will be asked to please share a cabin with one of the men." Murmurs rose as the men commented on his statement. I didn't know whether it was my place to speak up so I let them all look around in bewilderment and make whispers about me.
"Captain, we can't let a woman share a room with our men," said Matthew. "It's not right."
"It'll have to do for now, Lieutenant," Captain Alexander replied to him. Ah, so he was the Lieutenant... What a jerk! The captain continued, "Rosie, it'll ultimately be up to you who you share a room with." He directed his attention to the other men and said, "Anyone who currently has a free bed in their cabin, please stand." He remained standing. I looked around. Doctor Travis was sitting down. Cameron was sitting down. Even Liam, who had been so nice to me on the little boat, was sitting down. The ones who were standing were Trey, Darren, the captain, the lieutenant, and a dark guy who had a really scary look in his eyes.
"Who's it going to be, Rosie?" asked Lieutenant Matthew with a tone that really frustrated me. He had this certain attitude towards me. Who was it going to be after all?
Chapter 5: Sex Deprived Pirates
"I choose..." I said. I was drawn to him. It wasn't just because of his physical appeal. Something about him just made me feel like I was safe. So I said, "Captain Alexander."
The room filled with whispers and murmurs again.
"What gives?" Penelope asked with a whisper. "I thought you were so into Trey."
"Oh, I am," I whispered to her. Then to everyone else I said, "I just think the best way to get to know this ship's every nook and cranny is from the captain himself." I smiled and so did the captain.
"Very well," he said. "Everyone, you heard the lady's request. Looks like I've finally got me a cabin mate. Lea, make sure her bed is ready for her to move into the room. Everyone else, let's celebrate the addition of two beautiful crewmates!"
They toasted to us and Penelope took it all in like any girl surrounded by men would. I only faked a smile, not really feeling like I'd won very much. This could be my freedom I was watching them drink up. Captain Alexander gave me my own wine to drink- no, it was rum- and I gulped it down without complaining. I hated its taste as it thickened down my throat but there wasn't much I could say about anything they made me do. At least, not until I found out how much longer they would force me to stay on the ship.
Matthew called me over. He stepped away from everyone else and signaled me to follow him. "Yes?" I asked when we stopped at a corner.
"Don't try anything funny, alright," he told me.
"What makes you say that?" I asked him.
"I see the way you look at all of us," he answered. "You hate every single part of this. And I can assure you not all of us are too happy to have you two on our ship."
I turned to Penelope, who was surrounded by a bunch of the men, just loving the attention they were giving her. "Really," I said. "It looks to me like they're thrilled."
"For now, yes," the lieutenant replied. "Why wouldn't they? They don't see women too often, other than Lea, but she's completely off limits to them. So, yes, they like the idea of two new girls on the ship. But you won't be new for too long."
"So you think they're going to use us and then treat us like you?" I asked him disbelievingly.
"Precisely," he said.
"I don't think we're that dumb," I said. "You can hate us all you want but you won't be able to hurt me, you know."
"I know," he said. "That's not my intention."
"Then this talk is done," I said, walking away. He grabbed my arm and pulled me back. His green eyes stared back at me with... anger? Confusion, maybe? It was hard to tell. The grip he held on me tightened and began to hurt.
"We have a problem here?" asked Travis. The doctor stood next to us, an arm on Matthew's shoulder.
Matthew let me go. "No," he told him. Then he shook off Travis's hand and walked off to where Lea and Trey were seated. He started talking to them, but he kept looking back up at me and seething.
"Are you alright?" Travis asked me.
"I'm fine," I told him. "I have to go talk to my friend." I made my way past the couple of pirates that were prancing around and headed towards Penelope. It was hard to get her out of the circle of men surrounding her, but I managed to get her arm and pull her over.
While they were busy celebrating, I stepped aside with her. She really did love egging on the attention of all the men. It was obvious by the look she gave me when I brought her aside.
"What gives?" she said.
"Pen, you need to watch out around those guys," I murmured as loud as I could without being heard by everyone else.
"Why?" she asked. With a smile she said, "They like me." She turned back around and waved at Darren, who sheepishly smiled and waved back. The guys around him whistled and teased, taking back his attention.
"Pen!" I exclaimed.	
"What?" she asked. "He's cute. Isn't he?"
"Yeah, but that's not the point," I said. "You know how often these guys meet other women? Can you imagine when the last time they had sex was?"
"So?" she asked, looking back at the guys and waving again.
"Penelope, they're sex deprived pirates!" I exclaimed. "It can't get any worse than that! I know you're seeking their attention because many of them are smoking hot, but you need to be careful with who you're dealing with."
"Me?" she asked. "Rose, you're rooming with the freaking leader of the bunch. Don't come telling me I'm not being careful. You practically walked on that plank already and all because he's hot."
"What?" I asked. "Pen, you don't honestly think I just chose him because of his looks. He's the captain, Pen. Obviously, he's good looking, but I wouldn't have chosen him if he didn't hold so much power over everyone else."
"So what?" she asked. "You seduce him and then get him to do whatever you say?"
"No, Penelope," I said, pushing back my hair and frustration. "I'm just saying that they can't hurt us if the captain is protecting us."
"Rosie, it'll be fine!" she cried. "You need to stop worrying so much. Weren't you looking for adventure? Look happier; you got it." She walked away from me and left me standing there.
Chapter 6: Cabin Mates
"You're the shy one, aren't you?" Captain Alexander asked. We were in his cabin and it was getting pretty dark outside. He had personally led me there after the small celebration in the dining hall and now I had just walked around a bit, observing his room. Currently, I was holding a decoration- a small porcelain figure of a child sitting on a stack of red, blue, and green books- as I turned around to find him sitting on his bed, looking at me. He was so, so, so sexy. Seriously, I would have gone to watch the Twilight movies if he had been them.
"Excuse me?" I said, realizing I hadn't really paid attention to what he had asked.
"I mean," he started, "your friend is prancing around the ship right now getting to know just about every member of our crew, yet you'd rather come here and be isolated from all of them. I just assumed you're the shy one."
"You could say that," I said. I put down the decoration and leaned back on a wooden chest that was right next to the shelf where I had gotten the figure from.
"I have to say, there's something about you that-" he was interrupted by a knock on the door.
"Come in," he called out. The door opened and Lea came in.
"Captain, I came over to make sure she had a usable bed to sleep in," she said.
"Fantastic," Alexander told her.
"Also, Mattie, er, I mean, Lieutenant Matthew," she started, "would like to see you out on the main deck. He says it's urgent."
"Okay," Alexander said. He stood up and Lea moved over from her spot at the door.
"And one last thing," she said before he headed out.
"Yes?" he asked as he stood at the doorway propping the door open with his foot.
"Theo seems to be having trouble controlling the men in a certain section," she told him.
"Which one?" he asked her.
"Mine," she said. "You know; the one the new girl is currently at."
"Right," he said with a smirk. He headed out, letting the door swing shut in the process.
"Is Penelope okay?" I asked her as she started clearing the second bed that I hadn't noticed was there until now.
"Oh, yeah," she told me. "Theo is our quartermaster, and also the third mate after Mattie and Darren. He's responsible for ensuring that everyone is doing what they're supposed to be, and currently, they're all crowding my room instead. I swear, the last time they looked like that was when my body started developing and they started seeing me as an actual woman instead of a little girl."
"You've been here since you were little?" I asked her, watching her transform the dusty old bed into something a person could actually sleep on.
"Oh, yeah," she told me. "Trust me, they seem like rough idiots at first but they're not that bad once you get the hang of it."
"Is there a way out of here?" I asked, not meaning to say it out loud. She turned to look at me. I hadn't noticed, but she was actually extremely beautiful. She had a heart shaped face and big brown eyes. Her auburn hair went well with her fair complexion.
"No," she said. "Don't even try it. I made that mistake."
"Wait, you tried to escape before?" I asked in somewhat of a whisper.
"Yes," she confessed. Then she turned back to transforming the bed and added, "Though I'd really prefer not to talk about it ever again."
"Sorry, I-" I started.
"Don't mention it," she told me. Then her tone changed and she said, "You really ought to go out there and meet yourself more people. I think it'd be useful for you to know a few names out there, as well as who does what on the ship."
"I'm not really the go-out-and-mingle type," I told her. "You mind giving me a head start?"
"Sure!" she exclaimed as she finished up the bed. "You've already met Alex; he's the captain, of course. Matthew, whom I have the tendency of calling Mattie, is the lieutenant, or first mate. The second mate is Darren, like I told you before, and he's also the shipwright. That means he's in charge of all the building and repairing of this glorious home of ours."
"Like a carpenter," I said.
Sure, like a carpenter," she agreed, taking a seat on my new bed. "The third mate I already told you is the quartermaster, Theo. He's not hard to miss; he has a big, red fro and a buck tooth that sticks out like a zit. The fourth mate is Travis and I believe the two of you have met. He's the doctor in the ship. We also have Trey as our musician and Cameron as our spy. Jason is the gunner, Liam is the cook, hmm, who else... I'm Lea, the cabin girl, as you can see. Brodie is the barber, Kendrick was the chronicler until he died a couple months ago. Malcolm is the tailor and-"
"Someone died and you just say it like it's nothing?" I asked.
"Well, I know it sounds bad," she started, "but life goes on. He was a loved member of the crew and not easily forgotten but we just tossed his remains into the Pacific- which is where we were at the time- and moved on. Life here can be exciting, Rosalie, but it's not all partying and celebrating, you know. One minute you're having a cup of rum with Captain Alexander and the next you have a sword slashing through your chest by a foe who feels no remorse or mercy. That's the way of life at sea. It's dangerous."
"Then what's keeping you here?"I asked.
"The man I love," she said softly. There was a knock on the door and almost instantly the door open.
"Matt, don't be so hasty," said Captain Alexander with a soft chuckle. He and the lieutenant were stepping inside, laughing, and interrupting our conversation.
"It's your room, Alex," exclaimed Matthew. Then he saw Lea and me sitting there so he stopped walking as the door shut right behind him. Alexander proceeded to sit down on his bed.
"It seems like we've interrupted their conversation, Lieutenant," the captain said.
"I was just heading out," said Lea as she stood up and made her way towards the door. "See you later, Mattie, er, Lieutenant," she said to Matthew with a smile.
He smirked at her and said, "I'm right behind you." She blushed and went outside, letting the door close softly behind her.
"Matthew, don't be rude," Captain Alexander said to the lieutenant with a laugh. It seemed like those two were having fun picking at each other's manners- which they obviously didn't have- and positions by the way they said captain and lieutenant.
"Miss Rosalie," said Matthew, holding back laughter. "Have a good day." He turned around, unable to hold his chuckling, and exited the room. Captain Alexander shook his head in disbelief, got up to turn the lights off, and then lied back on his bed. I got up from the chest I had taken a seat on and headed over to my bed. I took off my shoes and set them down beside me before lying down.
"I have a question," I said as I put my arms under my head. "How old are you?"
He laughed and said, "I thought you might ask. Penelope did. She said I looked too young to be a captain. I'm actually 24. Matthew is 22 so you could say we're all pretty young for men with such high ranking positions."
"Got it," I said. "I'd actually like to know one more thing. How did I get into these clothes and whose are they?"
"They belong to Lea," he told me. "She and Penelope got you into them while you were asleep. There's no need to worry about being disrespected by any members of this ship; it's against our morals and, ultimately, our rules."
"Why?" I asked him. I turned and found him lying on his side, staring at me.
"Well, because it's just the way things have always been," he said. "Since before I was even a newbie in charge of sweeping the main deck, it's been against the rules to be rude against women or children."
"Oh," was all I could say. I turned on my back and stared up at the ceiling.
"On a different note," he said. "Trey says you're a genius?"
"Oh, right," I told him. "I guess so." I heard some movement and turned to see that he was taking off his shirt. Sweet Jesus, that was quite the body! A six pack? My god, his body was better than I had imagined.
"Smart and beautiful," he said as he finished taking off his shirt. "And on top of that you're modest? Who are you, Rosalie Thorne?" He flashed me a smile and I blushed, hoping he couldn't see the color change in my cheeks in this dim lighting. I just kept staring at his abs, unable to say anything.
"I, uh," I tried.
He looked down at his bare stomach and said, "Sorry, I forgot I'm not alone anymore. Does it bother you?" I shook my head slowly like an idiot; of course it didn't bother me. Flashing me an adorable smirk, he said, "Good. I hope your genius will be willing to collaborate with us, Rose."
I felt myself blush again and said, "I don't see how it would be very useful to you but..."
"Oh sure it will," he said. "As a matter of fact, we're currently in need of a chronicler and scholar, two positions which I'm sure you'd fit perfectly."
"Oh, right," I said without thinking. "The position of the dead guy..."
"Word travels fast," he said, sitting up. "Rosalie, you have no need to worry about your safety here."
"I don't?" I asked sarcastically. "Because last time I checked I was on a random ship with a bunch of criminals who not only steal, but I'm sure kill. I don't want to be the next person to end up with a sword slashed through my chest."
"I'll admit, you probably would have had a similar fate if you weren't a woman," he said guiltily. "But you are. And now you're here as a welcomed member of our crew."
I was angry now. "I don't want to be a member!" I exclaimed. "It sickens me to think that my sex saved me from who knows what kind of cruel death."
"Well, you didn't necessarily have to be killed," he told me. "Some people who sneak on board to steal from us or to spy on us end up enslaved instead of dead."
"You enslave people?" I asked. He nodded so I asked, "Are there any members of your crew right now who were enslaved?"
"Two," he said.
"Who?" I asked him.
"Lea and Trey." I didn't know what to respond to that. The fact that I had spoken to two people who I thought would keep me safe here and they turned out to be slaves of this man made me feel sick. I felt a lump in my throat indicating that what I'd been trying not to do all day was going to happen soon. I couldn't stop the waterworks from pouring out of my eyes.
Chapter 7: Insecure
Tears suddenly rushing down my face, I turned away from my stunned host and hid them away. I didn't like to be seen crying- it showed weakness. Everyone already thought of me as some useless woman. I buried my face in my hands and, sitting up, made sure he couldn't see me. Before I knew it, two arms were holding me and rubbing my arms soothingly. I tried, through my sobbing, to tell him to not worry about me, but I couldn't seem to get myself to speak.
"There, there," he was saying. "I understand this is tough on you."
"I just don't want to be here anymore," I sobbed. "I want to go home and see my mom and my dad and my dog and... and..."
"I know, I know," he said, still holding me there on my bed. Finally, I moved away from him and he softly released me, but he didn't leave my side. I just sat there, staring at the wall as I wiped my face. The brown, wooden walls were so incredibly depressing at the moment. I missed my room's flowery wallpaper- which a week ago I had been complaining about because it was too cheery and optimistic.
"You keep saying I'll be safe here but the longer I spend on this ship the more I feel like I'm in grave danger," I said, sniffing.
He nodded and said, "I thought you would." Then he scooted closer to me and held my hand, adding, "But I want you to really get it through your head that as long as I'm alive, I won't let you get hurt, okay?"
I nodded, dumbfounded by his stare, and then said in a mere whisper, "Thank you." I reached forward with my arms extended and hugged him. He held me there, my head resting on his shoulder, until I calmed down enough that I thought I might be able to sleep. When I pulled away and moved to lie down on my bed, he got up and moved towards his.
I closed my eyes and heard him say in a soft murmur, "Try to get some sleep, alright Rose?" I didn't respond. Instead, I did my best to pretend that I was on my own bed back home, sleeping with Rodeo- my pinscher- at my feet.
***
When I opened my eyes, I found that I was alone in the room. Captain Alexander was gone, giving me a panicky feeling. I had to find him or Lea or Penelope before I threw up from the uncertainty that being alone or, worse, with the others gave me.
I got up and slipped into the shoes they had given me the previous day. I walked towards the door, ready to run around the place in search of the people I found my comfort in. Right as I was reaching for the door knob, it turned, startling me and causing me to walk backwards until I stumbled with Alexander's bed. I flopped down to it right as the door pushed open and found the captain himself staring at me.
"Rosie," he said. I got up quickly and moved aside.
"You scared me so I fell on the bed," I tried explaining.
He looked puzzled for a moment until he said, "I was just coming to check on you. I'm glad you're finally awake. Breakfast is being served for most of the crew right now. Feel free to join them."
"Will you be there?" I asked him impulsively.
"No," he said, shaking his head softly. "I have the second breakfast."
"Second breakfast?" I asked.
"Yeah," he said. "Every time there's a meal a few of us stay back and man the ship while the others eat. We wouldn't want to leave her unattended so not everyone eats at the same time."
"Oh," I said. "Wait, did you say her?"
He smirked. "She's a girl, of course. Lea said she would drop by after breakfast to leave you a few more changes of clothes. See you later, Rosie."
"Wait!" I said, making him stop. "Why aren't we dressed like pirates?"
"What do you mean?" he asked me.
"I've seen the Johnny Depp movies," I told him, feeling extremely dumb for a genius. "They wear all the-"
"Oh, right!" he said with a chuckle. "That's movies, Rose. Plus, those take place in a different time period. We're a little more modern than that. Only Travis tends to dress up like a pirate. He finds it amusing every now and then. The rest of us really only wear things like pirate hats every once in a while for the fun of it."
I smiled and said, "Good to know." He smiled before holding the door open for me and I walked out, feeling him one step behind me. He led me out to the main deck, where a lot of pirates were moving things around.
"I have a feeling you've just missed first breakfast," he told me.
"That's fine," I said. "So if you don't dress like pirates, what exactly makes you pirates?" He walked towards the dining hall door- I followed him, of course- that was located on the other end of where we stood, so we had to avoid a lot of pirates at work as we walked.
"We use cool swords sometimes," he said. "We travel mostly on sea. We steal from other ships and from different ports. And we like to drink rum."
I laughed at the last part. "I kind of hate rum so that should be a nice experience for me." He opened the door to the dining hall and stopped at the top of the stairs that led down to it. There were nets with starfish and other random sea-like objects on it hanging down on the railing, a detail I had missed the first time I'd gone down the steps.
"I have to go find Matthew," he said. "Don't feel strange about going down there. Just talk to Liam and he'll give you some food." Before I could protest he turned and was out on the main deck, leaving me there alone. The lighting was absolutely horrible in there so I hit my hand with the items on the net about three times before getting down to the dining hall. Liam was pretty much alone, save for some pirates finishing up their last pieces. He looked up from the kitchen, which was clearly visible at the back, and waved at me with a spatula in hand. I waved back and took a seat. Where was Penelope at?
"Would you like breakfast, sweetheart?" Liam asked me. I smiled and nodded. He turned to a counter which had three plates set on it and then walked over to me with one of them. I thanked him softly and stared at the plate as he walked away. Fish.
"Lovely," I said, pushing away the plate of the food I hated the most in the world. I picked at the side food- bread and rice- and tried to swallow that alone, but the fact that it was served with rum made it nearly impossible. Noticing my struggle with the drink, Liam came over with a glass of what looked to be water and traded it with a sweet smile. I gave him a thankful look and proceeded to have my breakfast.
I heard a couple voices and steps coming down the stairs, but didn't bother to look up. I was so hungry that the only thing I could do at the moment was eat the bread and the perfectly cooked rice.
I heard murmuring and chuckling and looked up to find Alexander and Matthew taking a seat in front of me. Liam set two plates in front of them but I didn't see them eat anything. I ignored the fact that they were making me feel uncomfortable by watching me as I ate and focused on my food. I was pretty much done with the bread and moving on to finishing the rice when they burst out in laughter.
"What?" I said, looking up at them. Their faces suddenly got serious, probably because I looked scary serious, and they looked at each other and laughed again.
Matthew stared at me with a cocky smirk and Alexander finally said, "It's nothing. We just heard you didn't like seafood. And now we see that it's true."
"So what?" I asked but I already knew what.
"So we feel even worse about you being stuck at sea," said Alexander. I looked down at my food, feeling like I was going to puke. No way would I ever eat that fish. It stared at me and I just didn't feel comfortable eating things that could watch me as I put them in my mouth. It was too disgusting of a taste, as well.
Alexander and Matthew carried on a conversation of their own so I stood up with my plate and took it over to Liam. I noticed there was nobody else left in the dining hall and Liam was looking at a huge pile of dirty plates, so I picked one up and started washing.
"That's my job, honey bear," he said with a smile.
"Call me a compulsive organizer," I told him. "I need to go find my friend but not before I see that this place is cleaned up. It looks like this will go much faster if you have an extra pair of hands."
He smiled and wiggled his index finger at me. "I like you," he said. He grabbed his own plate and started washing. We washed in silence and then he started humming something. I felt relaxed there with him, so I didn't notice the fact that I was in a pirate ship cleaning after them.
I heard Alexander tell Matthew something about going onto Dominican land to get the cargo from somewhere. I couldn't really hear over the clatter of the plates and the noise coming from the faucet. All I heard was something about needing barb wire.
Liam closed the faucet and said, "Drying time." I could hear better once the water stopped running and we started wiping the plates dry.
"I really think we should turn around and head east towards Benin," Matthew was saying.
"Wouldn't it be risky to be spotted near African waters?" Alexander asked.
Matthew shook his head, taking a bite out of his bread. "They're all worried about Somalia on the other side of the continent. They're distracted. Plus, most of the world thinks the Whydah Gally sunk down in 1717. They won't have a clue as to what our intentions are. Hell, we could get away with taking from all of Europe if we play our cards right. Think about it Alex; Europe is concerned with Somalia's complete domination of the Mediterranean Sea that they won't notice a ship like ours sneaking up from Africa. That and it's far more rewarding than Santo Domingo."
"I have a proposition," said Alexander. "How about showing our faces in Athens?"
"Athens?" asked Matthew. "Isn't that more dangerous?"
"Greece is completely broke right now," said Alex. "We go take some here and there from England and France. And then we head on over to the Hellenistic land."
"So you plan to steal from the rich Europeans and give to the poor?" asked Matthew.
"Don't we always give up the treasure to the less fortunate?" asked Alexander. Matthew nodded and I stared disbelievingly. Were they really so generous with the poor? I thought about the way Alexander had comforted me last night and started settling into the idea that I may be staring at a Robin Hood. I looked back at the plates and I think Liam noticed my sudden discomfort.
"So can I give the order and start discussing our tactics?" asked Matthew.
"I think first we need a tactician," said Alexander. "I already have someone in mind," said Alexander.
"You can't be serious," Matthew said. I looked up and saw that they were staring at me.
Chapter 8: New Tactics
I quickly looked back down at the plates, pretending that I hadn't heard anything so that they wouldn't stop talking.
"Matt, you heard what Trey said yesterday," said Alexander. "The girl is a genius. She may be just what we need to finally strike on cities like Plymouth."
"We're very capable of doing it ourselves without the help of that woman," argued Matthew. "Do you really trust her?"
"I think if she gets a chance to step off the ship, she'll cooperate," responded Alexander. I sneaked a glance and they were still looking. I looked back down at the plates.
"It's really up to you," replied Matthew in an overwhelmed tone. "You know I'm against you even letting them tag along but if you're going to include them in our mission, I'll support your decision."
"So what do you suggest we do then?" Alexander asked. "About the women, that is."
"Since this one's living with you she shouldn't be a problem," said Matthew in a low voice. "But I'm worried about the other one and Lea being together so much. We wouldn't want them to repeat what Lea tried last time, especially if we're going to be in Plymouth or Athens."
"I think you and I both know Lea won't be trying anything new," murmured Alexander so soft that I could barely hear it. "She cares far too much about..."
I looked up to see Matthew nodding. They said a couple more things that I couldn't hear and just as I was finishing up with the dishes, Matthew and Alexander stood up.
I put down the rags I was holding and started heading towards the stairs once the two of them were gone. Liam stopped me and said, "If you're going to try to escape like they think, I'd think twice about it."
I looked back at him and then said, "I'm not scared of them." I kept walking towards the stairs.
"Well, you should be," he said. I stopped walking but didn't turn that time. Instead I continued and headed up to the main deck. I soon spotted Matthew talking to Trey and the helmsman- a man with black hair who was steering the ship. I directed my attention toward Alexander who I spotted on the left side of the ship, talking to some man with a map and pointing at things I was too far to see.
"Rosie," said Trey, making me jump. "I've been looking for you all morning." He was at my side now and Matthew had left the helmsman to change the direction of the boat abruptly. The motion made the ship move way too much for comfort, so I almost fell. Trey held onto my arms, just like he had when the elevator stopped working, and kept me on my feet.
"So this is where you got your balance from," I said.
"Huh?" he said.
"Never mind," I told him. "What did you want me for?" He indicated for me to follow him towards the quarterdeck which was by far the quietest part of the deck. We stopped by the railings and stared out onto the water for a few seconds.
"Rose, I'm really sorry," he finally said. When I didn't answer he said, "I know, I know. You must be pissed. One minute we're by a pool, then we're on a date, and then I disappear and next we're here. I could tell by your expression that you're not too happy to be stuck here."
"My life is ruined, you know," I said. "I had so much more going for me than living with you lowlife thieves and-"
"Whoa, whoa," he stopped me. "Low lives? We saved you from drowning in the middle of a storm, Rose!"
"So what, I'm supposed to be thankful now?" I responded. "Trey, you know how many people finish college by the age of 18? How about grad school by 21? I'm only 21, Trey. Penelope thinks this is all fun and games right now because she's surrounded by a bunch of guys who are more than willing to entertain her. But she'll get sick of it too. And when that happens-"
"You don't know that it will," he said.
"It will," I assured him. "She's not going to fall in love and want to settle down on this ship. And when it does happen she's going to expect me to get us out of here. And I will."
"You don't want to try to escape, Rose," he said.
"Like Lea didn't want to?" I asked him. I had tried putting together what I knew about that. Lea had tried to escape but failed. Lea and Trey had both been enslaved. Trey had told me back in the cruise that he knew these people for about 20 years. He had also said he was 24 so that means he was enslaved at age four. If I remembered correctly- which I always do- Alexander said she cares too much about someone to try escaping. Lea had also told me she was only here because of the man she loved.
"You know about Lea?" he asked. The way he said it made me think... Was Trey the man Lea loved? Matthew had told me Lea was off limits to the other pirates...
"I know enough," I said, suddenly angry and turning to storm off. He grabbed my arm and gently pulled me back.
"Why are you angry at me now?" he asked.
"You led me on back at the cruise," I told him.
"That's because I was attracted to you," he said. "I am attracted to you."
Ignoring the blush on my cheeks, I said, "How can you say that when you have Lea sticking through this whole torture of a ship just because she's in love with you?"
He made a face and said, "Please don't say that. It's just gross."
"That's so messed up!" I exclaimed.
"No, you've totally misconstrued the situation," he said with a chuckle. "Lea's my sister, Rose."
I felt sick. Was I really that dumb? I was really losing it. I finally recovered from the sudden realization and said, "But she said..."
"She was probably talking about Matthew," Trey told me, putting his hands on the railing and looking out to the sea.
"They're in love?" I asked.
"She's in love," he corrected me. "He's never been able to love her back."
"He told me she was off limits to the other guys," I told him.
"That's because she's my sister," I said. "And I'd kill them if they laid a hand on her."
"I see..." I said. He grabbed my hand and pulled me to him. I couldn't help but stare into those charming, blue eyes.
"I like that you went through that whole mess in your head, though," he said. "And that you were unbelievably jealous."
I blushed as he held me close to him. "Oh, no. You're not going to turn this into one of those things you can hold against me and tease me with."
"Oh, I'm not?" he asked, playfully moving me forward and then back to him. He fell silent and stared at me. As he leaned close I wondered if he was really going to kiss me. I mean, he had been staring at my lips but this hardly seems like the right moment to do so. Our lips were only milimeters apart when a voice made us jump away from each other.
"Trey," said Matthew. Crap.
Trey cleared his throat and said, "Uh, yes, Lieutenant?"
"You're the navigator," said Matthew. He looked at me for a second and then asked, "Shouldn't you be navigating right now?"
"I'm right on it," Trey told him, brushing his hair back and looking back at me sheepishly.
I blushed and looked down, fiddling with my fingers. Matthew said to me, "Captain wants to see you in his cabin immediately." He indicated for me to follow him.
"I'll be right there," I said, trying to hold back a smile. I started walking after him when Trey stopped me.
"Hey, Rose!" he called out. Both Matthew and I turned around. When he had my attention, Trey shouted, "We'll pick back up where we left off later!" I blushed, smiled at him, and turned around. Matthew gave me a look before shaking his head and walking towards the captain's cabin.
When we finally reached the door Matthew stopped and said, "If I were you, I'd just take advantage of the opportunity and follow orders." He then opened the door and let me go inside first. Alexander was sitting on his bed and Penelope was flopped on mine.
"Hi, Rose," said Alexander with a smile. "We were looking for you a few minutes ago. Where were you?"
Matthew gave me an accusing look that made me blush as I took a seat next to Penelope. When I didn't answer, Alexander looked at Matthew and asked, "Matt?"
"She was playing Titanic with Trey," Matthew said.
Penelope gasped and exclaimed, "No way! Get it girl!"
I laughed but neither of the guys did. They both gave me a certain look that made me feel like I was a horrible person, penitent for almost kissing a guy.
"Anyhow," said Alexander, "now that you're here... I have a proposition to offer the two of you. It has come to my attention that you've both had some time in school studying interesting things."
"Since when is veterinary medicine interesting to a pirate?" I snorted.
"We happen to have two pets on board, Rose," said Alexander.
"Really?" I asked. "What do you have?"
"There's Lea's cat, Sparrow," said Penelope.
"And I have a dog named Parrot," said Matthew. I gave him a look so he added, "Real parrots are hard to train..."
"I'd like for you to be a veterinarian on the ship," said Alexander. "But most importantly, I want you to be our scholar and tactician."
"Tactician?" asked Penelope. "Big role for a newbie... What about me?"
"Examiner," he said. "You wanted to be a marine biologist, didn't you?"
"Yeah," said Penelope. "Sweet!"
"What exactly am I strategizing for?" I asked.
"Don't sound so excited," Penelope told me with a smile. She gave me a soft push and said, "We're pirates, Rosie!"
"Hooray..." I murmured. Penelope rolled her eyes and I asked, "What's the mission I'm supposed to be planning out?"
"We don't know yet," Alexander said. "But we do know we're going to Great Britain."
"Sweet," said Penelope. "Can we go to the beaches and stuff?"
"No," said Matthew. "Under no condition will the two of you be leaving the ship." Penelope pouted, crossing her arms, and I just nodded like I was willing to agree. They wanted me to plan their crimes... Well, I had plans of my own.
Chapter 9: Friends Close, Enemies Closer
When we were out of the room and hanging out on the main deck, I pulled Penelope aside. It was risky to let her in on my plans, but I don't think I could leave without her and have a clear conscience.
"I can't believe you and Trey are hooking up now," she said. "I mean, I could've believed it two days ago, sure. But now that you're all 'I hate this ship' I didn't think you'd still go for the booty."
I laughed at the booty part. "Nice pun," I told her. "But no, I don't think I'll be hooking up with him. He just almost kissed me; that's all. Besides, that's not what I wanted to talk to you about."
"What is it then?" she asked, obviously curious.
"Well, we haven't really talked about what's going on," I told her. I looked around at all the working pirates- cleaning, carrying tools, sword fighting each other- and added, "Privately."
"Oh," she said, looking around, too. "Got it... Let's go somewhere private then. I'd take you to my room but I don't fully trust my roommate. And her cat is kind of annoying."
"I think I know where we can find someone who'll let us talk without intruding," I told her. "Come on." I grabbed her hand and led her over to the dining hall door. I opened it and stepped into the staircase, carefully making sure I didn't prick myself with dry starfish this time. We walked down the stairs and found that it was nearly empty, other than Liam who was sitting on one of the counters at the kitchen end and reading a book. He looked up when I cleared my throat and walked over.
"You ladies back for some chocolate?" he asked with a smile.
I laughed and Penelope looked really freaked out. I told her, "I don't think you've really met Liam before."
"Liam," she said slowly, reaching out to shake his hand.
"Never seen a black man before?" he asked with a teasing smile.
"Of course I have," she told him. "Just not when that reeked so much of... of... fish..." She pinched her nose and waved her right hand in front, as if fanning out the smell. I didn't smell anything that bad and I hated fish, so I wondered if she was hallucinating or something.
He smelled himself by lifting up his apron and said, "Do I smell that bad?"
She nodded, still wrinkling her nose, and said, "You need to shower pronto."
He looked at me and said, "Think you can watch the area for me while I go take care of that?"
"Uh, yeah, sure," I told him. He smiled and quickly made his way out. When he was gone, Penelope quit the dramatic antics and took a seat on the table.
"People eat there," I told her.
"Trust me, there's been worse things on here than my butt," she said. "Anyway, I got rid of him so let's talk."
"That's why you told him he smelled?" I asked. She nodded and I had to laugh. She was so cunning sometimes that it scared me.
"Shoot," she told me.
"We have to get out of here," I told her flat out.
"What?" she asked. "Why?"
"Why?" I repeated incredulously. "Penelope, are you crazy? We can't be here much longer. It's exciting, I get it. But you know they die here, too, right? It's not some fairytale; it's dangerous!"
"But Rosie," she said, "I don't want to go back. Tommy broke up with me, Rose."
"He did?" I asked. So that's why she had asked me to join her on the cruise instead of him...
"Yes..." she said softly. She looked really upset. She rolled her eyes, more at herself than me, and said, "The attention I'm getting from people like Darren and Cameron... I like it, okay? It makes me feel good about being here. And they're really cute, and cool, and they have really amazing stories."
"I don't think it's a good idea to follow through with this," I told her honestly.
"I know you don't..." she responded. "But do you ever think that maybe you need to stop being so... so controlling?"
"Controlling?" I asked. "Where does that come from?"
"The whole control freak thing with you," she said. "It's not good in situations like this. As much as you want out, they're not going to let you escape. Instead of negotiating with them or defying their orders, you should just try to be happy here and cooperate, Rosie."
"No," I said. "No way. I'm getting out of here. I have a plan and it's your choice whether you want to help me or not."
"See, there you go again," she said. "Being controlling." She rolled her eyes and then said, "But fine. We'll get out of here."
I smiled and said, "Yes!"
"But!" she said sharply. "You have to promise me to have fun while we're stuck here. I'll do whatever you say if you loosen up a little. Flirt with the sexy pirates. Some of them may be brutes but you like Trey and he likes you, too. He seems decent. What's better than pirate sex?"
I felt myself redden and giggled. "Pen, you're seriously demented..." The door upstairs opened and there were many voices in the distance seemingly getting closer. I got up and she got off the table. Liam came down, followed by most of the crew- there were about 40 men in total, I believe.
"Thanks for watching the place," Liam told me with a smile as he came closer. "I just wish I didn't have 47 mouths to feed now.
"We'll help," I offered, pulling Penelope back just as she started walking towards Darren.
She gave me a look but turned to Liam and said, "Yeah, absolutely."
"Great!" he exclaimed. "Thanks ladies!"
"No problem," I said as we followed him into the kitchen area. "So what's the specialty for lunch today?"
"Fish," he told me with a smile.
I forced one back and said, "Fabulous."
Penelope patted my back and whispered, "It's temporary." We spent the next couple of minutes cooking up the fish. When I opened the cooler, I was shocked to find way too many stacks of fish for comfort. I didn't hate shrimp too much, which was being served with lunch, so I guess that's what I'd be eating.
I thought that until later when I finally sat down with Penelope and Liam to have our lunch. Everyone else had eaten, other than the captain and lieutenant, so we took a break and started eating. I had taken the liberty of only filling my plate with shrimp now and while Penelope had a blast drinking nothing but rum, I knew I needed my water.
"You know you're going to gain weight if you don't start drinking some of this instead, right?" I asked her, holding out the glass of water I had.
Before she could response, a hand on my shoulder startled me. I looked up to find Matthew holding out a plate for me. "We brought you this," he told me, setting this in front of me and taking a seat next to me. Alexander sat in front of him, next to Penelope. Liam got up immediately to get them their plates.
I looked down at the plate. Figs, strawberries, apple slices. "Where'd you get this from?" I asked. "We're nowhere near land."
"Darren and Cameron raided the buffet at the cruise before leaving," Alexander told me. "We always have other random food in case fishing isn't going too well. We figured you may as well have it, since you don't eat fish."
"I can't accept it," I said. "What if-"
"It's going to go bad soon anyway," Matthew interrupted me. "Go ahead. Take it." I smiled in gratitude and slid my shrimp plate to the middle of where we were so that they could all take from it. It was so amazing to finally have some actual food in me. It wasn't much- at least not to fill me up for the lack of nutrients in the past couple of days- but it was enough to keep me from eating the fish in a desperate attempt to have food inside me.
"So we were just talking," started Alexander between bites, "and we're thinking of letting you get off the ship after all."
I opened my mouth to gasp and cheer but Matthew interrupted with, "Temporarily! As part of the mission."
"I'll take it," I said with a smile. "So what do we need to do?"
They glanced at each other with unsure faces until finally Matthew said, "We're getting you back on that cruise. But we're not sending you there alone; we don't trust you enough."
I frowned but still, it was satisfying enough. With what I had planned, they'd wish they had never trusted me to begin with.
Chapter 10: Returning Safely
The next three days were spent planning our way back into the cruise ship. After those boring days, on the fourth, it was time to get back into action. It definitely had to be done at night to avoid being spotted. Darren, Trey, and Cameron were the ones who'd be getting on with us. The only difference was how it'd be done.
We weren't too far from the current destination of the ship. According to the original cruise itinerary, the ship would be docked in North Shore Village, Bermuda, which it took us the exact four days to arrive to. On that night, we'd get on.
The fourth night came too soon. Although I was eager to put the plan- and my own plan- in motion, I was anxious about getting caught. I could potentially screw us all over if I didn't play my cards right. Now as I stood out on the main deck, a nervous bead of sweat started on my forehead.
I looked out onto the horizon. Darren had announced we were close, yet I didn't see any sign of the cruise ship, or land for that matter. I guess it was too dark. I tried to picture the scenario. While the cruise ship was docked at the Bermuda port, Penelope and I would throw ourselves into the water- extremely close to the shore to avoid my drowning- in bikinis and act as if we were simply taking a swim. Meanwhile, Darren, Trey, and Cameron, would be getting onto the ship through the back. We'd settle into the ship- and hide them in our suite- until the morning when we'd be docking out again and headed back to New Jersey- it would take one day approximately.
Everything went according to plan. When we saw land, Penelope and I were already in our bathing suits. We hugged Lea goodbye- she was extremely worried about everyone- and I also gave Liam a hug. I tried to hug Alexander but he just held back and said, "We'll see each other at Plymouth so why bother with goodbyes?" I nodded and walked away, wondering if he'd just know Penelope and I had other plans. Would he know? Would my face give it away?
No, there's no way he'd be able to know what I was planning. I'd gone along with everything they'd said, so it would be fine. We were barely able to see land when they put the boats down and we were off the ship. If you ever saw something like it, you'd think we were crazy. And we were.
I wasn't too sure whether we'd even make it onto the cruise without the guys being seen but somehow they managed. It was dark and while the other people were either having fun on the ship or returning from a day of being out at the Bermuda Islands for the last few hours they could, I wasn't in the party mood. I ordered a bunch of room service food to ensure the staff that on our final two nights we'd be eating a lot. We'd been gone for so long, I couldn't believe that in 36 hours we'd be docked in New Jersey and headed to Rhode Island.
Except, the pirates had other plans. They wanted us to just get off with them in New Jersey and onto that plane, but we were supposed to go to the United Kingdom with them. Their plan was ridiculous. They had fake passports and illegal documents.
Nevertheless, I'd helped them come up with the plan, so for now we'd just have to act like we'd be in on the action, too. Penelope begged me not to just stay back and eat but I reminded her that I'd practically starved myself the past week so she let me eat first. When the staff with the food treys came in, I was so delighted I gave both of the guys a kiss on the cheek before they left, dumbfounded.
"A little too much?" asked Trey as he descended from his hiding spot in the bathroom. Darren came out from the balcony and Cameron from under the bed. That's what they did anytime there was a knock on the door- housekeeping, the manager making sure we were alive, room service- and I thought it was pretty funny.
"Sorry," I told Trey. "I'm just so glad to have food other than seafood."
After all of us pigging out, Penelope insisted that we go to 'a club or something' but I still didn't want to. I had just taken a long, nice shower and just wanted to relax!
"I'll go," Darren told Penelope. She beamed but still wanted me to go.
"Take Trey or Cameron!" exclaimed Penelope after changing into a dress and getting Darren into some clothes they'd taken from who-knows-where.
"Not me," said Cameron, lying back on one of the beds and grabbing the remote. "It's been ages since I've watched football."
"Then go to the sports club!" insisted Penelope. "Just don't waste away this precious free time doing worthless things."
We all look around at each other and, surprisingly, it was Cameron who caved in. He had a thing for Penelope- I'd noticed that since I saw him be cold or indifferent to everyone else but her- but so did Darren, so the latter ended up staying back. Penelope had insisted that we all go, but in the end only Cameron went with her.
"I'm bored," said Darren, lying on his back on one of the beds and tossing a squishy ball up in the air above him.
"Me too," I said, sighing from the other bed. Trey had just left. He said we were out of ice, and while I didn't think it was smart for him to go out there alone, he still went back for it. I just didn't want them to be seen.
"Cameron's already out there," said Darren now. I was still worried, and I think he could tell. He sat up.
I sat up, too, and said, "I know. But just because he's out risking things doesn't mean Trey's safe to go out there, too."
"Will you just relax?" asked Darren. He sighed, came over to sit next to me, and added, "Rosalie, you-"
"Please, call me Rose," I interrupted.
"Rose," he started again. "Stop worrying so much about what's going to happen. You don't have to be concerned for us. If any of us get caught, we'll just kill everyone and escape."
"That doesn't make me feel any better," I told him. I laughed as I said, "Actually, I think you've made things worse."
He laughed too and said, "Yeah, giving those comforting speeches was never really my thing."
"Then what is your thing?" I asked him with a smile. "What does the mysterious Darren have to offer the world?"
"Well," he said matter-of-factly. "I make a mean taco." I laughed as he went through his list. "I also have plenty of great stories and battle scars to prove it- don't let anyone tell you they're from Sparrow scratching me." I laughed even more.
"Not what I meant," I said, grinning.
"Oh, what then?" he asked, still with that certain tone I can't quite put my finger on. "Were you looking for a cheesy answer?" I smiled and nodded, so he said, "Alright. Well, I've got a great sense of humor. Through all this chaos, I've managed to be the person to have you giggling like a little girl." I blushed. "Also, I'm a great listener. So feel free to talk to me at any time, Rose." He said the last part with a more serious expression, the type that makes you want to believe someone even when you don't have any clue who they are.
"Oh," was all I could say. He just stared back at me.
"Sorry I took so long I-" Trey was standing at the door with a bag of ice, staring at us. I instinctively moved away from Darren. I got up and walked over to take the ice from Trey and put it in the mini-fridge.
"I, uh," I started.
"Did I...?" Trey said at the same time.
"No," I said while Darren said, "Not at all."
"Good," said Trey with a nod. He eyed Darren suspiciously, while Darren and I sheepishly looked away from each other. We weren't doing anything like that. Had we been about to... No, I'm imagining things now. It just looked bad because of how close we were but Darren's into Penelope. Nothing like that was going to happen.
I shook those thoughts away by going into the bathroom and attempting to close the door. It stayed slightly ajar but I frankly didn't care. I leaned into the sink counter and watched my reflection. Suddenly I felt queasy. Why was I so dizzy? I tried to stand up straight but when I did there was a sudden whirlpool in my stomach. I felt the chicken- among other things- that I'd eaten earlier coming back up, so I moved over to face the toilet. Just as I had felt it would, my food came back up and splashed down the toilet.
"Rose?" Trey called out. "You okay in there?"
"Yeah!" I called back out weakly. But it wasn't enough. He and Darren were standing at the door now and I was hurling into the toilet once more. God, throwing up stunk. Literally. I hated the smell. That's why I tried to shoo them away, but they didn't seem to care. Darren held my hair back as Trey exited. I heard him rummaging through things but I was too dizzy and sick to ask him what was going on.
"Was it the food?" asked Darren softly. Wow, he seemed genuinely concerned for my health.
I was going to say something- to nod, at least- but my body thrust forward at the toilet and I was gagging and spilling into it. It was really disgusting. Throw up; not my thing.
"Uh, yeah, she's vomiting in the bathroom right now," I heard Trey's voice. Who was he talking to? I didn't hear a voice respond. Instead, Trey said, "Thank you, thank you. We'll stay with her for now."
"Who'd you call?" Darren asked as Trey went back into the room. I turned to the sink and rinsed my mouth as best as I could before gagging again and returning to the toilet.
"Room service," he answered. "They're bringing in a little tea."
"They can't see you," I told him weakly. "It's just my stomach reacting to me eating; I'll be fine."
"No, we can't have you be sick," he told me. "You should enjoy your last day tomorrow."
I was going to argue more but I ended up continuing to throw up until my stomach felt empty. I didn't want to eat anything but between Trey and Darren I couldn't find a way out. I felt sick, still, and dizzy, a slight headache pounding on my right temple. My vision was blurry, something I often experienced after throwing up, so I asked if I could lie down after being forced to drink the tea and eat some insipid rice. It was disgusting and I just wanted to sleep, so Trey helped me into more comfortable clothes- doing his best not to see more than he had to, of course- and I was finally able to close my eyes. We were going to be crossing the Bermuda Triangle that night, so I knew I'd experience a rocky night. Just my luck.
Chapter 11: The Last Day
I don't know why I half expected to wake up with Trey next to me on the bed. Instead, it was Penelope. She was sleeping soundly, probably soon to wake up to a massive hangover from her excessive partying the previous night, so I did my best to not stir her as I got up. I felt dizzy for a moment, stumbling over air, so I took a moment to recollect myself and make it over to the bathroom. Before I reached the door, I noticed Cameron wasn't there. Neither was Trey. Only Darren was there, lying on Penelope's bed.
I reached for the bathroom door but his voice stopped me, making me jump back.
"How are you feeling?" he asked me. I looked over to him, startled, and found that he was in the same position I'd just seen him in, only now his eyes were open.
"I'm better," I said, confused at the way he looked at me. It was as if we were somewhere else, just the two of us, and it was weird. "I, uh," I started. "I have to... pee..." I went into the bathroom, settling for that answer, and made sure the door closed behind me. Thankfully, the bathroom didn't smell like puke.
I went about doing my business in there, taking extra time on brushing my teeth, and finally went out feeling much fresher. My hair was in a messy bun ponytail thing- I don't even know what to call it- but I didn't really care. When I went out, I found that Penelope was sitting up, still under the covers, with Darren sitting at the edge of her bed. They were whispering something I couldn't understand, but Penelope, upon seeing me standing there, hit Darren's arm and indicated for him to shut up.
"Am I..." I started. "Am I missing something?" My voice sounded weak, though I'd meant to sound bold.
"No," Penelope said, pretending to be confused by my question. Her answer gave her away. I knew her too well. They were hiding something from me.
I decided not to push the subject any further until I had Penelope alone, so I simply nodded and went over to the mini-fridge. I pulled out a protein shake and started drinking from it. They just watched me silently, as if they both had something they wanted to say but didn't want to because I was there. I had to use every inch of will-power in me not to snap at them and insist they tell me what they were keeping from me.
"Breakfast anyone?" asked Trey as he and Cameron walked in. I saw he had his own key of the room now, which he set down on one of the end tables by the door. He realized he'd come in at an awkward moment when he saw the look on our faces.
"Let's go," said Penelope. "It's free, after all." She got up and grabbed some clothes before heading past me and into the bathroom. When she had closed the door behind her, I leaned back on the door frame and sighed heavily. Trey walked over to me and spread his arm behind me, leaning it against the door frame, too.
"You doing okay?" he asked me softly.
"Yeah," I lied. "Where were you earlier?"
"Cameron had to do some things Alexander had..." he trailed off, not feeling the need to explain further. "I was helping him with it."
"Right," I said, as if that vague answer would suffice. I pushed off from the wall with my left foot and walked over to my suitcase. Pulling out some shorts and a tank top- thank god I'd remembered to shave when we got back on the cruise- as Penelope came out of the bathroom, I went in there and quickly changed. After, I put down my hair, messed with it a little, and hoped it didn't look too bad from the back. I went out, got my sunglasses which placed on my head would distract from my hair, and we headed out to the breakfast bar.
"My, my, my," said a familiar voice from behind me when we were sitting at a table in the restaurant we had chosen. We had walked over across the ship, to the rear end, just to eat there. Now we were finished and just sitting there.
I turned around and found myself looking at Lisa Stevens, a woman I'd met during my sophomore year at college. She was a sophomore, too, though four years my senior, and most importantly, a distant friend of my mother's.
"Lisa!" I exclaimed, getting up from my chair and giving her a cold hug. I say cold because it was just that, the opposite of warm. Lisa was snobby, condescending, and completely oblivious to the fact that I wanted nothing from her. Penelope knew this, too. In fact, she disliked Lisa even more than I did.
I looked over to Penelope, who was taking off her hangover shades and looking at our unexpected visit. "Penelope Callahan, is that you?"
Penelope faked a smile and said, "Lisa, it's ever so pleasant to see you. What brings you on this cruise? Did that boyfriend of yours dump you?" She asked the last part with insincere concern.
I half-expected Lisa to come up with a witty remark as she often did, but she only smiled and held out her hand. In jazz hand style, she showed off a shiny engagement ring. "He proposed," she beamed. Ouch, Penelope.
Penelope's expression hardened but she still said, "Congratulations. I hope he's not hooking up with one of the cocktail waitresses right now."
Lisa's smile turned upside down and she said, "Honey, he's no Tommy." He had cheated? "Mark is a true gentleman. There he comes now." She turned to a man who approached her- a mildly attractive man in his late twenties, possibly early thirties- who gave her a kiss on the cheek. If he had been ugly, Penelope would have laughed and considered herself the winner of this encounter. Granted he was pretty good-looking, Penelope eyed me and then held her head high.
"What's going on?" Trey muttered through his teeth.
"How rude of me!" exclaimed Lisa. She turned Mark to us and said, "Honey, this is Rosalie Thorne, the girl genius from the university I mentioned the other day. That's her friend Penelope Callahan. She's not so much a genius but isn't she quite the beauty?" Lisa was a woman from the Hamptons. She was rich, spoiled, and when she spoke it sounded like she had been practicing speaking in a lower voice all her life.
"How sweet of you!" exclaimed Penelope. "Nice to meet you, Mark."
"Penelope, uh, recently went through a bad breakup," said Lisa to Mark, as if she really cared about Penelope's emotional state. Penelope's face hardened again and she looked at Darren nervously. Darren raised his eyebrows, more at himself than anything, so I guess he was processing things. Hopefully, he wouldn't think of himself as some sort of rebound.
"Oh, really, that's a shame," said Mark, genuinely.
"It's fine," said Penelope. "It was actually a mutual decision and, uh, it was a long time ago. I'm past that. In fact..." Her expression suddenly softened and she smiled before saying, "I'm pretty serious with someone myself."
"Really?" asked Lisa, curious as to whether she was being honest or lying for her ego. "I assume he's here then?"
I thought about interfering to stop the lies that were forming but Cameron beat me to the punch. "It's me," he told Lisa. "Cameron McCormick. I'm Penelope's fiancé." Penelope smiled triumphantly and Darren just pursed his lips. Ouch.
"Oh, that's fabulous news!" exclaimed Lisa, still not very sincerely. Cameron was way better looking, not to mention younger than Mark. She was obviously jealous.
"Yes, I actually proposed while on the cruise," said Cameron as he looked at Penelope lovingly, even reaching for her hand and giving it a squeeze.
"That's nice," said Mark.
"I don't see a ring," said Lisa, finally finding herself through the war. "Spent all the money on the cruise?"
"Lisa..." muttered Mark unbelievingly. Get used to it, Mark.
"Actually, no," I said. "I insisted that Penelope leave the room back in her suite because we were headed to the pool after breakfast settled down. We actually love that pool so we should be headed out there now."
Penelope smiled at me and said, "Exactly." The three guys stood up, pushing aside their plates and standing up. Trey called over the waitress and asked for a check.
"Your mother didn't tell me you'd be on here," said Lisa when I thought I'd be walking away.
"You've spoken to her?" I asked her. Mark walked away to take a seat at their table.
"Of course," she responded. "She's planning my wedding; didn't she tell you?"
"Right, right," I said. No, she hadn't told me.
"How strange, I haven't seen you at all this whole week," she said. "And I've seen just about everyone. Except the five of you..."
"We've been around," said Penelope, putting her hand on my shoulder and squeezing support into it. She grabbed my arm and walked away with me, leaving Lisa standing there with the last words still in her mouth.
"Does anyone mind explaining what that was back there?" asked Darren when we reached our suite. Since we weren't actually intending to head to the pool, we just went back there and rested a bit.
"Yeah," said Trey. "Since when did you two get engaged?"
"Are the two of you seriously this clueless?" asked Penelope, flopping herself on her bed and burying her face in the pillow. "She was rubbing her successful love life in my face. Cameron was just helping me out."
"That's what that was?" asked Trey, settling into one of the chairs. I sat next to Penelope and ran my fingers through her hair, something I always did when she was stressed or distressed.
After a few seconds, she rolled over and onto her back and said, "Can we just forget that just happened and enjoy the last day on the cruise? By this time tomorrow, we'll be off the stupid ship anyway and getting on that plane to England." No, Penelope, that's where you're wrong. You and I won't be getting on that plane.
That was my plan. We just wouldn't make it onto that plane. It'll be tough for the guys to check out of the cruise without being discovered as stowaways. While they attempt to make it off unnoticed, Penelope and I will get off and escape to a motel. From there, I'll figure out how we'll get home. All I know is they wouldn't be taking us on that plane with them.
Chapter 12: The Getaway
We didn't end up doing much after all. We just remained in our suite until the morning when we got back to New Jersey, in fear that we'd run into Lisa or Mark and/or the guys would be seen. So we spent one boring day in the suite, waiting impatiently for the hours to pass.
Once it was time for us to leave, the guys decided we should split up. Among all the chaos- people were checking out, hauling luggage off the ship, trying to get off- Trey suggested that they get off while we checked out, giving them the proper distraction to get off unnoticed. I didn't agree with him because I needed us to be the first ones off, long gone by the time they were able to make their escape. The guys didn't think my idea of us going first made sense- even Penelope who I had told the plan to in the morning was having a hard time backing me up- so I was running out of ideas.
It wasn't until the point when I was almost next in line for check out that I was the most thankful to see Lisa on the cruise. She walked into the lobby followed by her husband-to-be and a bellhop- both carrying loads of luggage which I assumed were hers. She was still in a bathing suit, as if she needed to come off the ship showing that she'd been having a sun-filled, lovely time by the pool. I rolled my eyes as she took of her dark sunglasses- Gucci?- and walked over to the concierge wearing her huge straw hat. The concierge directed her to the manager, who was at the main desk checking people out. Lisa stood in a long line behind us and I decided that was the best bet.
"Wait until Lisa is checking out," I whispered to Trey.
"Why?" he asked. "I can just wait until I see you're in line and-"
"We'll just wait for you down there," I said. "If you want a real distraction, just wait until it's Lisa's turn. Trust me; she's high maintenance." I walked forward to the main desk and started taking care of the quick check out as Penelope impatiently waited by my side and the guys stepped away to avoid suspicion or questions.
"I don't think letting the two of you get too far ahead is a great idea," he admitted to me after I had checked out. So he still didn't trust me. Smart guy.
At that point, I had to draw out the Penelope in me and do something completely unacceptable at any other moment. I leaned into Trey and gave him a kiss- not just a simple kiss, but a long tender one. Penelope's eyes narrowed down on me. Cameron made a yuck face, while Darren just pursed his lips indicating that the moment was incredibly awkward.
"I'll be fine," I told him, acting as if I thought he was worried about my safety and not my chance of escaping. "I'll be waiting for you." I smiled, biting my lip for a moment, and then grabbed Penelope's arm. Grabbing our suitcases' handles, we made our way out and the stream of sunlight was never so warm on my face.
"Don't you think that was out of line?" Penelope asked as we walked quickly ahead, avoiding many people who seemed to be walking slower than a snail down the way.
"No time to discuss my morality," I told her. "Or lack thereof. We have to get out of here."
"You said Super 8, right?" asked Penelope, looking around nervously.
"Yeah, we just need to get a cab," I said. "Let's go." The crowd had cleared and I looked back to make sure there was nobody watching us suspiciously. I caught a glimpse of brown hair in the distance and knew immediately whose it was. A slight delay would've been highly appreciated, Lisa, I thought to myself.
He waved his hand in the air, as if to let me know he was on his way over to me. A slight pang of guilt came through me as I called a taxi to stop, but it wasn't enough for me to give up on my plans. They had taken me against my own will. Unlike Penelope, I wasn't just going to forgive and forget so easily. They weren't going to own me the way they owned Lea.
The taxi came to a stop in front of us and Penelope quickly made her way in, urging me to get in, too. I threw my suitcase in and looked back one last time. Trey, Darren, and Cameron were rushing to us, but there were too many people in the way. There was no way they'd catch up to us now, and the look on Trey's face told me he knew that. I got into the backseat with Penelope and urged the driver to just go.
"Where to?" he asked.
"Nearest hotel," said Penelope.
"No, the Super 8," I said. "I already had the room reserved."
"I cancelled it," she told me, looking back at the crowd. The guys weren't in view.
"Why?" I asked her.
"The guys would find us there," she said.
"How would they know where to look?" I asked. I thought back to the previous morning. Penelope and Darren had been so secretive.
"I was scared of you not being able to do it!" she exclaimed.
I knelt down, leaning on my knees in frustration. "Penelope..."
"Rose, I'm so sorry!" she cried. "I told them where you were headed. They said I needed to stop you from even trying so I agreed to not letting you go. It wasn't until you told me that-"
"Holiday Inn," I told the driver. He nodded and switched lanes to make a right turn.
"What are you planning on doing?" Penelope asked.
"I'll tell you if you're actually going to do as I say this time," I told her with a tone that obviously made her feel bad and somewhat scared of my new boldness.
"Ye-yes," she stammered.
"I have something to show you," I declared. I pulled up my suitcase and opened one of the pockets. Behind a couple bras and underwear I had hidden something, something I'd never even possessed before that morning.
She gasped as I held open the pocket just enough for her to see it. In that pocket lay a fully loaded G-18 handgun. I'd gone to the shooting range on the cruise in the middle of the night, despite Cameron's 'suggestion' that we don't try anything or leave the room. I was careful to not be seen as I crossed over to the rear end of the ship and broke into the shooting range. It was completely locked down but not very secured, so I easily went in, took the first gun I found, and made off with it hidden under my blouse.
I was scared to touch it. I figured if it was in the shooting range it was safe for use indoors, but it could've been left out there by mistake. It didn't look like the type of gun a range would have, yet I took it without hesitation, the adrenaline of my crime taking over me and clouding my judgment.
"Where'd you get that?" asked Penelope as she reached for it. I zipped up the pocket and she backed away from it.
"Don't worry about that," I said. "I hope it doesn't come to me having to use it."
Penelope shook her head, that initial fear for our lives that I had been waiting on finally showing on her face. Her eyes were teary so I pulled her into a hug. The man behind the wheel watched us through the rearview mirror, but I gave him a look and he focused back on the road.
"We'll be okay," said Penelope as she got it together and looked up at me. I wiped the tears that had fallen on her face away and nodded.
"We will," I said, attempting to convince the two of us. We pulled into the hotel and I gave the cab driver the money I owed him. He eyed us suspiciously before driving away and we rushed inside. Penelope took care of checking in while I watched the luggage. I didn't need anyone finding out what I was hiding inside.
Chapter 13: Roses Are Red, So Are Her Hands
"The little girl was finally found this morning at seven," the reporter on the television was saying. "We have been informed that she was with her father the whole time and a simple miscommunication betwe-"
The television suddenly turned off. We were in our hotel suite, waiting for some time to pass. I had just gotten out of the shower and was listening to the news Penelope was watching as I changed into my sleeping clothes and started drying my hair. Meanwhile, my mind was thinking up of a plan for how we were going to make it home. We didn't have enough money to simply drive there, whether by bus, cab, or whatever. We only had the nonrefundable plane tickets we had already preordered. I don't know what I was thinking, ordering the tickets. Even if we did manage to escape without the guys following us, they'd most likely be waiting for us at the airport. Going there wouldn't be an option anymore.
It was the sudden ending of the television noise that interrupted my thinking. I looked over to the door, surprised that there was no noise. Calm down, I told myself. Who would be talking out there anyway? I shook away the panic that had unjustifiably swept through me and made a note to not make a noise as I opened the bathroom door. We had been stuck in the suite all day, expecting to have Cameron, Trey, Darren, or any of the others come in and take us.
I turned the knob slowly and did the same when pulling the door open. I didn't open it too much before noticing that it was completely empty and motionless in the room, causing me to stop and hold my breath for a moment. Where was Penelope? I had a direct view of the bed, where she had been lying all day, and she certainly wasn't on there. I opened the door just an inch more and finally spotted her. She stood by the window, her arms in front of her, pointing the gun towards the other side of the door. Crap! They'd found us. She gave me a look when she saw me there that told me not to step any further.
Finally I heard a voice. "I'm not here to punish you in any way for disobeying," said the voice. It wasn't Trey, Darren, or Cameron... But I knew the voice.
"Don't come any closer or I'll shoot," said Penelope, her voice as shaky as her arms. "What are you doing here? How did you find us?"
"I flew in from England to New Jersey," said the man's voice. "And I didn't necessarily know where to look but my first try was here and I got lucky." Travis!
"There's no way you guys made it to England so fast," Penelope pointed out.
"I flew into Europe from Guatemala," he said. "We were told to wait for you in Plymouth, but then Cameron called this morning and told us what had happened. We flew in as soon as we could."
"There's no way you made it so fast," Penelope repeated, more to herself than to him.
"It's over," Travis told her. "You can choose to come with us and still have a chance to live or we can take you by force and-" BAM! Penelope actually pulled the trigger. I heard Travis cry out in pain and shot out of the restroom in shock. But when I looked, Penelope had fallen to her knees and was shaking with the gun on the floor and Travis stood staring at me with his eyes wide-open. He wasn't wounded. She hadn't shot him. Then who cried?
I looked down at Travis' feet and saw him. Trey! I ran over to him and knelt down, examining his wound. Travis shook away the shock and knelt down too. Yes, he's a doctor, he can help. The bullet had hit his arm, barely touching it, but still wounding it. I felt my eyes sting with so many emotions.
"Fix him!" I yelled at Travis.
"I need materials!" he shouted back. I heard Penelope, whimpering across the room, so I got up and went to her.
I lifted her up from the ground and said, "Someone must have heard the gunshot. We have to get out of here."
"Oh, no you don't," said Travis.
"Let them," said Trey weakly. I walked back to him as Penelope put things into the suitcases, moving around like a zombie, completely traumatized.
"No," I said. "'We' means all four of us. We have a plane to catch in two hours and you won't be getting that arm fixed here."
Trey didn't smile or frown or anything. He just looked back at me. I felt that guilt coming back as I held his arm. I ripped a part of his blue, checkered shirt and gave it to Travis.
"What?" he asked, taking the cloth without knowing what to do.
"You're the doctor!" I yelled. "Wrap it around him or something!"
"We need to get the bullet out of there," he told me, his eyes shining back at me. "It didn't go to deep. Just give me thirty minutes and some tweezers and I'll have him well enough to not get it infected on our way to Plymouth."
I got up and ran over to the bathroom. Sure enough, Penelope had a pair of tweezers there in her makeup bag. I pulled them out, taking the bag with me and tossing it into Penelope's open valise. I tossed the tweezers to Travis and turned over to Penelope. She was frantically putting clothes away until she was done and didn't seem to know what to do with herself.
I grabbed her arms with both hands and held her tightly in place. "Pen!" I cried. "We're going to be fine." Trey let out a cry as Travis got to work. Penelope cringed, so I shook her a bit and added, "It's not your fault. Look at me! It's not your fault..."
She looked around me to Trey, who was visibly in pain as Travis removed the bullet from his flesh. When Travis was finished, about twenty minutes after he'd first started to carefully do the proper procedure, he said, "Rose, now you can wrap the cloth around him."
"Me?" I asked. Trey looked a mess. His face was all sweaty and his arm full of blood. I sighed and grabbed the piece of shirt I'd ripped and started tying it around him. Travis guided me through it- why couldn't he do it?- and I felt my hands burn at the contact with his blood. It felt so unnatural.
"Thank you," he said when I finished. I nodded, not knowing if I'd be able to say something, and quickly rushed over to the bathroom sink, where Travis was also cleaning his hands. We rushed out of the hotel room with me briefly checking out and tossing the key at the guy in the front desk. Before he could say anything we ran out of there. Penelope started calling for a cab while I stared at Trey.
"I'm sorry," I whispered. He didn't answer. A cab pulled up at the curb and we quickly got in. Trey decided he'd go in the front, ignoring the concerned questions the driver asked at the sight of his blood-stained shirt. I sat in the middle of Penelope and Travis, trying not to think of what horrible thing I'd just led us to.
Chapter 14: Forgive and Forget
"You think they'll let us board the plane?" I asked Darren as we ran with him and Cameron to make it to the line.
"There's no way the hotel has had time to inform anyone about the blood and the gunshot," he told me. We got in line to be checked under the metal detector and I thanked God that Travis had thought to get rid of the gun by tossing it into the ocean on our drive over.
"I doubt they've even realized where the gunshot came from," added Cameron. He had his arm around Penelope and was rubbing her side comfortingly.
"We're ruined," said Penelope as we started going through the detector one by one.
"No, you're not," said Darren once he- the last one- was through. We didn't have much with us so it was a pretty quick process.
"They have our information," said Penelope. "We can't show our faces anywhere anymore."
"They have my information," I told her. "The only one that can't go back to normality is me."
"I'm sorry," Penelope said softly after a moment's hesitation. I nodded and tried to smile, to let her know that I wasn't angry at what she'd done. Honestly, had it been me in that situation, I'd probably done the same.
"You two need to stop worrying," said Cameron as we rushed to board the plane. We should be departing in no time.
"Yeah," agreed Darren. "There's nothing that can prove that there wasn't some sort of accident. You won't be branded as criminals just for a little blood stain. Maybe you'll get a bill or two sent to your house for the damage left but that's it."
I looked at him unsure but trusted that he was right. It was best that way anyway. We had a very awkward silence among us as we boarded the plane and took our seats. I was surprised that Cameron and Penelope had sat together. I was hoping for a seat with Darren but he sat with Trey before I could say anything so I was left to sit with Travis.
We were there in silence until the plane was in the air and I was scared to death. Travis had the window seat, so he was able to look away without having to make any sort of contact with anyone. Some of us weren't so lucky.
"I'm sorry you were put in danger back there," I finally decided to say. Not the best way to start a conversation, I know, but it was the best I could do.
He took a moment before finally turning to me. "Rose, I'm not mad, okay?"
"You're not?" I asked. "You looked pretty upset back at the air-"
"The truth is," he said, "I'm kind of worried about you and Penelope."
"Worried?" I asked. "About us? You do realize we almost killed one of you."
"We never actually thought it'd go that far but it's nothing compared to the danger of being in one of our missions," he said gently.
"What do you mean?" I asked. "Alex, er, uh, Alexander said that we weren't going to be involved in it. They said we'd just stay in the ship."
"So Trey hasn't told you, has he?" he replied.
"Told me what?" I asked. I tried to sneak a glance at Trey but he was too far up ahead for me to get a clear view of him. We were almost in the very back.
He sighed, as if realizing he didn't have a choice but to tell me what the matter was, and finally said, "You are the mission."
"What?" I asked. "I'm the one that's going in to..." I thought about the plan I had come up with for them. There was a rich man in Plymouth, Kendall Jackson, who was supposed to be having some huge dinner with Captain Alexander invited. He was well respected because of his kind attitude- unless there were actually some sneaky deeds committed that I wasn't told about- so he would be one of the guests there. While the party was going on, the other pirates would be sneaking into his second building- the man's estate is composed of three main buildings- without being seen by all the security. This man, Kendall Jackson, was supposed to have some huge vault with lots of money that he himself had bilked people out of. He was involved in some shady, shady things, from what Matthew had told me. It only made me question what type of person Alexander was to know him. Then again, Alexander hadn't been the captain for that long.
"Captain Alexander thinks Penelope would be the perfect distraction," Travis started explaining. "You're supposed to join him on the dinner. You and Penelope both will be going, along with Lieutenant Matthew. Penelope will catch his attention. And you don't know this man. He's a perverted man and will definitely be seduced enough by Penelope to be distracted. So he'll be taking his guest's date and be distracted somewhere and-"
"Wait, that's the actual plan?" I asked him. "Does Alexander realize how dangerous and crazy that is?"
"Yeah, well he knows that-" started Travis.
Another thought crossed my mind. "Wait, why does she have to be the one to seduce him?"
He raised an eyebrow. "Do you really want to do that?"
"Well, no, but..." I started. "It just doesn't seem fair to automatically assume she's the most capable of doing it. And whose date am I supposed to be?"
"You'll be escorted by the captain," he told me, a hint of bitterness in his voice. "Sorry, I just... I don't think it's such a great idea to put you in such danger either. It doesn't seem fair that they've never allowed Lea into a situation like that, after so many years, but one week and you two are being sent out on the biggest raid we've had in a while."
"I guess the captain and I are going to be having a talk when we get back on the ship," I said, crossing my arms defiantly. He had mentioned no part of that at all before, not even a little warning. Why hadn't he told me?
"I wouldn't test my luck so much, Rose," Travis told me candidly. "Honestly, I don't agree with many of the decisions they've made when it comes to you two. But he's the captain, after all, and it's best to keep him on your good side."
"What else did you not agree with?" I asked. Had there been that much pertaining to us to agree with?
He looked a bit doubtful. I see like the others he didn't really trust me at this point. However, he sighed again and said, "I didn't think it was fair for them to bring you on that ship against your will. I'm glad your life was saved and everything, but it wasn't going to keep you healthier to have you on the ship. In fact, it can be not only dangerous, but also health hazardous. I should know; I studied medicine and health at Clemson University. Not as big a deal as going to an Ivy League, but I did learn a lot."
"Pre-Med?" I asked. He was too young and too known on the ship to have passed through grad school already. Unless, of course, he was a genius like me.
"Yes," he said. "I never had a chance for graduate school. But I would've gotten it, had I not come on the ship. I may not be a genius but I did pretty well back then." He gave me a nudge when he said the last part, so I blushed.
"How did you get on the ship?" I asked, looking down and attempting to create a distraction from my evidently flushed face.
I felt him smile and shift. "It's a really long story"
I looked out the window. Nothing but ocean at this point. "Looks like we've got time," I said.
He let out a rapid laugh and then said, "It was when I was 21, like you are now. That's six years ago. So you can do the math and know I'm 27. Anyway, I was back home in South Carolina, living only a couple miles away from my alma mater, when my father suddenly announced he and my mom were getting a divorce. Now, this is really big news for us Emersons. My family had always been big on image- my sister became a lawyer, my brother was working her way up to governor- so it was supposed to be a secret that they weren't even together anymore. So what my parents decided would be best to promote this family image at the time was to take a trip to Hawaii. Oddly enough, that's where the pirates were near at the time."
"So you boarded in order to escape?" I assumed.
The airplane stewardess came along now with a cart and offered us peanuts. "No thanks," Travis and I said in unison.
"Pretty much," he said slowly after she was gone. "But I didn't necessarily jump in there secretly. Actually, I contacted the old captain, Sergio Castillo, and offered my doctoring services. It worked. He wasn't too bad a guy, just like Alexander. I guess the crew has always been great at picking their leaders."
"So you just left and never saw your family again?" I asked. I couldn't imagine doing that. Not ever.
"I was just so fed up," he rationalized. "I was in much more danger with that dysfunctional family than I am now with my new family. Plus, I'm still saving lives, like I'd planned. Even if it's not the most perfect lives, I'd still be saving someone."
"That's amazing of you," I said without thinking. After that he was just smiling at me. We just stared at each other for a moment until finally I decided that was really weird. There was a moment of awkward silence after I cleared my throat and looked away. Finally, he cleared his, too, and spoke up.
"In the end, though, I'm kind of glad that..." he stopped himself and shook his head, pinching his eyebrows together.
"You're kind of glad that what?" I asked him. I don't know why, but my heart was beating at an unbelievable rate by that point. What was happening to me? I had never been too big on relationships or flirting or anything. My biggest fling was with Penelope's brother. But now... I couldn't make sense of what was going through me! I thought I liked Trey, but I was so attracted to Alexander- and not just in the physical way. I have to admit, Darren had kind of made me feel all mushy inside when he was incredibly sweet. And now, there I was on a plane with Travis, wondering if he had some sorts of feelings for me. Maybe I was just being vain.
"Nothing," he said looking away. Then he looked back and said, "Well, I'm glad for a lot. I'm glad you stayed along for this ride with us for so long. I know a lot about you already and now that I've shared so much with you, I can't help but feel that..."
Oh my gosh. I was right! I was... No, this is so confusing! I wanted to get up from there and walk over to Penelope- to pull her up and have her talk me through this whole messed up love web that possibly didn't exist nowhere else other than my head. But how could I ever expect to be my own person from Penelope if I kept depending on her to give her opinion and reason through with me for every little solution to every little problem I had.
Instead of going over to Penelope, which wasn't the simplest thing on a plane anyway, I got up without saying anything and went down to the bathroom, almost immediately behind our seats. As I did, I felt myself nervously stumble, even struggle to get the door open. Why were my hands shaking so much?
I got frustrated because I couldn't open the door and ended up attracting the attention of a few people, one of them being Travis. He smiled, got up, and went over to the bathroom door. With one swift motion, he moved the little lever and pushed it open, snickering as he held it there for me to go in.
Before rolling my eyes and insisting that he give me my privacy, I turned around and stared at him for a few seconds. He had such beautiful eyes and sexy, dirty blonde hair... It was almost brown. I don't know if I can really say that because-
He pushed me softly into the bathroom, to my surprise, interrupting my thoughts. After looking back to see if anyone was watching, he squeezed into the tiny restroom and shut the door.
"What are you doing?" I asked him, shocked at what he had just done. He just shook his head, grabbed my face in his hands, and brought me up to kiss him. Just like that. And I kissed him back because I'd wanted to do so for a while since we'd started talking. Actually, I'd been super attracted to him since the moment I first opened my eyes on the ship and tried to get out, startled by his voice when he stopped me from running around recklessly.
As he lifted me up on the tiny sink and I wrapped my legs around him, I realized just how crazy this whole situation was. Just a second ago, I had seriously doubted whether he had a thing for me or not and whether the feeling in me was mutual. And now we were making out in a tiny bathroom with hardly any room for breathing.
I don't know how long we were in there. I do know it was long enough for me to have my hands up his shirt and his arms tightly wrapped around me. He was kissing my neck when there was a gentle knock on the door. Travis and I both stopped, startled, and looked over to the door.
"Rose, are you in there?" I heard a voice ask. Crap.
Chapter 15: Give It Up
"Rose, are you in there?" he asked again. What the hell was he doing at the door? Travis was opening his mouth but I put a finger over his lips and widened my eyes so that he'd know not to speak.
"Yeah," I said, closing my eyes and making a face. I was so screwed.
"You okay?" Darren asked. "Where's Travis?"
"He's not in his seat?" I asked, trying to sound as convincing as possible.
"Uh, no, he's not," he said. "Rose, is something wrong?"
"Why?" I asked.
"I don't know," he replied. "It's just that something seems kind of, I don't know, off, I guess."
"It's just I get kind of sick when I fly," I lied. "And the way my stomach's been acting up lately."
"Right, right," he said. I could pretty much imagine his face at the time. His lips pressed together, trying to figure out whether or not to believe a word I said.
"I'll be back in a second," I called back out. "I'll be fine, though."
"Okay," he gave in. "I guess I'll go look for Travis on the other side. We'd all fallen asleep so maybe we missed him completely."
"Sure," I said. "See you in a bit." I waited and didn't really here a response. After a couple of seconds, I finally decided the coast was clear and opened the door.
"You go first," Travis told me. "I'll stay here for a bit." I nodded and started heading out. Before I did, though, he pulled me back and gave me one last kiss. He smiled at me and caressed my face before letting me go. I was so confused by the time I got back to our seats. When I sat down, Penelope turned back and shot me a look. Did she know?
I waited for a couple minutes and even went so far as eating some of those peanuts before Travis finally came back. When he sat down, I did my best to sell the whole I-don't-know-where-he's-at thing.
"Hey!" I exclaimed as I leaned back so he could pass over to his seat. "Where have you been?"
"Oh, I went up to the main isle and then to the bathroom right now," he said, not too loud but loud enough so that one of them would surely have heard.
"Oh, I didn't see you," I told him. "I was just over there a second ago. Darren was looking for you."
"I'm sure he trusts I'll be fine," Travis said, this time in a more hushed voice. I smiled at him before settling into his arm for a nap. I needed to catch some sleep, so why not use his nice arm as a pillow? It happens in the movies; you know, when the girl falls asleep and she lands on the guy who she doesn't realize she loves but he's known he's felt that way about her all along. That's just one of those moments, except in real life people just assume it was on accident.
When I woke up, we were already about to land in Plymouth. I hadn't even felt that I'd been sleeping for so long, but I guess I really was that tired. I waited silently from then until the time we landed because Travis was just looking out the window, not looking at me at all. I guess it was time to act like it never happened.
We were walking out to find a taxi- Darren carried my suitcase and Cameron carried Penelope's- when Trey suddenly stopped. We had all been telling him to take it easy on his arm, but this wasn't about that.
"What are we going to do while we wait on the ship to arrive at the port?" he asked Travis.
"Since the captain's friend is going to give us a warm welcome," started Travis, "we're just going to head over to a hotel near the port. It's really close to the port and the ship isn't that big so it won't attract any more attention than the next one."
Penelope raised her eyebrow and Darren told her, "We don't wave around a pirate flag or any flag for that matter. It looks fairly normal."
"Exactly," said Travis as he started asking for the attention of a taxi. As it came to a stop in front of us, he said, "It should be an easy process. Meanwhile, we need Rose and Penelope to go shopping for the best gowns they can find. Don't worry; I brought money with me."
As we were getting in the taxi- Trey went in the front again and I felt awkward, squeezing into the back with them all- Penelope asked, "Why do we need dresses? Not that I wouldn't appreciate some shopping."
"I'll tell you later," I told her. She gave me a confused look but nodded. I guess since she screwed us over she had finally decided to listen to me.
"So we'll check in," said Travis as Trey started giving the British man orders, "and then one or two of us will head out to a mall with the girls."
"Sounds about right to me," said Cameron from the window on the left. On his right was Penelope, and then there was Darren, and then me, and finally Travis. Can you imagine how weird that was for the three in the middle? Penelope, Darren, and I all sitting between two potential love interests?
I wanted to go to sleep on the long ride there- it seemed amazingly long to me- but it was just too tightly packed, not to mention awkward, to do so. When we finally reached the little motel we were going to stay in until the ship arrived, I just wanted to go into my room and flop on the bed. But of course, I didn't get my way.
"The dinner is tomorrow night," Travis insisted when I told him I really didn't want to go at the moment. "I'm staying here to finish taking care of Trey's arm, but you and Penelope can go with Darren and Cameron. They said they'd be glad to take you two." We were standing at the doorway of my room. The others were down in the first floor having some sort of tiny snack before we could go out for a real dinner after we shopped and Travis was there trying to convince me to join them.
"But why do we have to do it at this moment?" I asked. I felt myself becoming whinier and whinier by the minute. "I'm tired..."
"Because," started Travis, as if he had already gone through that a thousand times, "they get here tomorrow in the morning and as soon as you guys get ready you'll be off to the dinner. There's really no other time but right now."
"Fine," I sighed, crossing my arms. He ran his index and middle fingers through my hair, putting a loose strand behind my ear. And then leaned in to kiss me. I closed my eyes, enjoying the moment, until a gasp broke me out of it.
Quickly, Travis and I jumped away from each other and found Penelope out in the hallway staring at us. Her hand was clasped to her mouth, her eyes wide-open, and her expression this oh-my-god-I-caught-you type.
I tried to think of something but she had seen too much for me to lie my way out. Instead, I told Travis I'd be right down and watched as he headed away, sheepishly looking at Penelope before rounding the corner. As far as Penelope, I just pulled her to me, held her hands and said, "Please don't say anything."
"Oh my god, Rose!" exclaimed Penelope, laughing. "You little skank!" She smiled as she said this and I didn't take it to heart. In fact, I would've probably told myself the same thing.
"Keep it a secret until I figure it out myself, please?" I responded.
"You're making a mess," was all she said. She started walking away but then turned and said, "You should talk to Trey. About the kiss you gave him. I wouldn't toy with their emotions that way."
"Like you're doing with Cameron and Darren?" I asked without thinking.
She turned around and said, "You need to stay out of that."
"Then you'll stay out of my business?" I asked, making sure to keep my expression as dead serious as possible.
She didn't nod or say yes or anything, but from the look on her face, it seemed like we understood each other. Even though I really needed her to figure out what I wanted for me, I'd have to do it on my own. That meant no more Travis, no more Trey, and no more Darren until I figure out what's going on with me. Now that I'm going on a date with Alexander, things will just get brighter and brighter...
Chapter 16: The Perfect Dress
Shopping for our gowns may have been the third most awkward experience of my life. The first most awkward moment was when I was in my second year of grad school and I walked in on Professor McMillan kissing Yessenia Campbell, one of my older classmates, and they made me promise not to tell a soul. The second was that moment in the taxi.
Instead of a mall, we went to a small boutique- I didn't bother reading the name- full of beautiful gowns. Immediately, Penelope rushed into the deep end and began searching for her perfect gown. I didn't really believe her theory, but she had always told me that the best things are at the back. Why would a store be filled with the most appealing items at the back where nobody passing by can see? It just didn't make much sense to me. If I had a store, I'd put my best things at the window so that customers would want to come in and check it out.
"Welcome to Adrianne's Glamour," said a woman with a thick British accent. "May I help you?"
"No, no," said Penelope with a huge smile from the back. "We've got it." She turned to me then so I simply shook my head, tried to smile, and then looked away.
While Penelope thrived in the glory of the multiple gowns she claimed were 'made' for her, I stood at the entrance, looking around from there. Cameron had followed Penelope as soon as she dashed away, so I stood there with Darren awkwardly.
"Aren't you going to, uh...?" started Darren.
"Umm, yeah," I replied. "I guess I kind of have to." I started moving forward to the closest racks and to my surprise he was still walking behind me.
"You'll probably find the best ones by the walls," he told me as I flipped through the carefully covered, exorbitantly priced gowns on the rack I was standing in front of. I looked up at him, wavering whether to listen to his advice, follow my first-rack instinct, or do what Penelope was doing. I looked to the walls and found that, even from a distance, those dresses did look pretty nice. I nodded at Darren and allowed him to lead the way to the gowns.
"So how fancy are we going here?" I asked Darren as we started browsing the dresses that were on the wall.
"I'm thinking with one of the richest men in the country," started Darren, a semi-satirical tone present, "we'll need you to make quite the impression. By my calculations, your dress would have to be extremely awesome... So pretty fancy." He smiled, knowing he didn't really help much, but I had to smile back. So the guy could be funny.
"I'm sure you aren't implying it takes an awesome dress to make me look good," I said, turning away from him. 
 
"Oh, not at all," he said with that same satire in his voice. I smiled and just then he added, in a more serious tone, "I'm sure you'll look beautiful in anything you put on." 
 
At that point I was incredibly thankful that I hadn't been facing him because the blush that spread across my cheeks was uncontrollable. I kept walking further down the path and found that Penelope was watching us. I also found that she was also right; the best dresses were in the back. I guess my instinct and common sense weren't as great as I thought they were. 
 
"So what color are you thinking here?" Cameron was asking Penelope. 
 
"I look really good in blue or green," Penelope smiled, her flirty voice definitely on. I swear, sometimes I just didn't understand how she could be such a slut... Yeah, I said it! And I won't take it back because even though she's my best friend, we both know it's true. 
 
"There's a blue dress right behind you," Cameron told her, a sarcastically astonished tone surprising me. He didn't seem like the flirty type. Then again, Penelope had brought out flirtation in the most incredibly shy, rude, annoying, nerdy, etc. guys. She had that power. The dress he had pointed out was one of great taste, too. It was a royal blue, deep v-neck, floor puffed, nylon dress with diamonds studding the faux belt that would surely emphasize her breasts and make her jump with joy at the thought of a man seeing her in it and wanting to seduce her. Of course, that was the plan, so I couldn't really do anything about it. 
 
"I want to try it on!" Penelope beamed at him. He took it down for her and she led him to the changing rooms, which were on the other side of the door. Seeing them headed that way, the lady at the front grabbed a set of keys and walked over to unlock a room for her. 
 
"Come out and show me when you've tried it on," Cameron told her.
"Just come in with me," she responded flirtatiously. "I'll need someone to help me slip in and out of it." I felt Darren stiffen besides me. The nerve of this woman!
Cameron smiled and followed her into the dressing room. Completely gross! I didn't want to assume that they were doing anything besides getting Penelope into that dress, but it was hard not to. I didn't hear much giggling or anything like that so I told myself it was completely normal and continued to search for a dress.
"How about red?" Darren asked me after overcoming that incredibly weird moment. "Red is a sexy color, isn't it? With that blonde hair and some red lipstick-"
I smiled and said, "I'm not the one that needs to be looking sexy, remember?"
"Right, right," he said, thinking about it and seeming to be really concentrated on it. "You wouldn't want to outshine your bestie, now would you?"
"Outshine?" I repeated with a laugh. "There's no way I'd ever be able to outshine her." 
 
"What do you mean, Rose?" he asked. I thought he must not be serious but from the look on his face and the tone in his voice, I guess he was. 
 
"Well," I started, not really knowing how to explain it. "She's just, you know... better." That's the best word I could come up with. I know just about every word in the dictionary, from nincompoop to tatterdemalion, but I could only thing of one word to describe Penelope in comparison to me; better._ 
 
"That's not true," said Darren, shaking his head and rubbing his forehead as if trying to make sense of what I was saying.
"Of course it is," I said. "Everyone thinks so." 
 
"The captain and the lieutenant don't," he said, more sure than ever. "Trey certainly doesn't. Cameron might, but I sure don't agree." 
 
"You don't agree?" I asked him, bewildered. "But you were all... gaga about her when you first met us." 
 
"At first, yeah," he said. "But then she started getting all flirty with Cameron, and back-and-forth girls are such a turn-off to me. So now I know that you really are better." 
 
"See that?" I pointed out, shaking my head with a cold laugh. "That's what I'm talking about. I'm second choice to her, just like always." 
 
"You're not second choice," he said. 
 
"Then why did you think she was better at first?" I asked. 
 
"Because I couldn't even look at you very much," he said. "Let alone talk to you."
"And why was that?" I asked, perplexed by his rationalizing. He had plenty of chances to look at me. 
 
"Well, because..." he started. "Everyone kind of knew Trey liked you from the moment you stepped on the ship. And I knew from even before that." I waited, not knowing whether to find his reasoning credible or not. That's when he added, "He's my best friend. Why would I even dare to look at you the way I do now?" 
 
The last part caught me off guard. The way he does now? So I was right? He did have a thing for me? I looked right at him, not knowing what to do next and hoping for some sort of lifeline. Thankfully, Penelope came out with Cameron just in time, her gown hanging over her medial epicondyle, often referred to as the 'elbow pit'.
"I'm taking this one!" Penelope announced cheerfully to everyone and no one before walking over to the register. Cameron pulled out some stacks of money that I'd never noticed any of them carrying- I tend to notice things like that- and walked right behind her.
"How about this one?" Darren said from behind me. I turned my attention back to him, still feeling the tenseness of our little 'talk'. He was holding up a beautiful white gown with silver, glittery straps. The bottom layer seemed to be a pure white, nylon material but the part that caught my eye was the top, organza layer. It was beautiful.
"I'll try it on," I smiled at him. He smiled back so I quickly headed over to the dressing room Penelope had been using and put the dress down. I was amazed at the size of the dressing room. It was almost as big as the hotel room we had stayed at. Still looking around, with my back faced to the door, I took off my black jacket and began to pull off my shirt. My bra was feeling a bit tight- I couldn't remember the last time I'd switched out; three days, maybe- so I took that off, too. Besides, I probably wouldn't wear one with the dress- the back was exposed- so I should try it on the way it'd look on the day of the dinner.
I was just starting to reach for the dress when I realized I hadn't bothered to even close the door. I heard the door start creaking from behind so I turned around to find it closing behind me. It startled me, making me wonder who had just been behind me and whether or not they had seen me or not. Of course they had seen me, but had they seen me seen me? I slowly slipped onto the dress and peered over to the outside. Darren was standing right by the door.
Confused, I asked, "Did anyone come in here just now?"
He opened his mouth but then looked at me and froze. I was extremely flattered by his stammering, too. "I, uh, it was just open, and I, then you, your back, so then I closed... Wow, you look; you look absolutely incredible in that."
I smiled and said, "Thanks, Darren. Was that, uh, was that you that closed the door just now?"
He responded, "Yeah, you, uh, left it open slightly, so I came to close it. Don't worry, I didn't see... Well, I saw your bare back but that was it."
I nodded and asked, "So this one, then?"
He nodded and said, "Uh, yeah, yeah, it's... It's perfect. That's definitely the one."
I glanced over at Penelope, waiting across the room with her gown ready to go. She was giving me the look I'd seen her give girls who she was threatened by too many times to not recognize it. Was she really threatened by me? I smiled at her, which she only frowned at, then headed back in to change out of it. 
 
When I came back out, I walked right up to the cashier and said I'd be taking it. Noticing the box of shoes Cameron was holding, I went over to pick out some silver strapped heels. Perfect! Cameron handed Darren the money and the latter paid for everything. Satisfied, I walked out with the rest of them trailing behind me. I hadn't noticed how long it'd taken us to look around. Instead of heading over to a fancy dinner, we ended up going straight to the motel. Apparently, the ship had arrived at the designated port. I anxiously packed my things before heading downstairs while the guys checked out. I didn't really want to look Travis, Trey, or Darren in the eye. It was too awkward and confusing for me. I just ended up focusing on other things on the way to the port- like the fact that I wouldn't really need to borrow Lea's clothes anymore.
I was fine until we had to get back on a taxi. This time, Cameron sat up front in the taxi and the rest of us rode in the back. I was right in between Travis and Trey- crazy, huh? Sleepily, I sighed as the taxi started heading towards the port. I ended up finally drifting into sleep. Glad I wasn't a sleep-talker, I settled into unconsciousness. Unfortunately, I tend to move a lot in my sleep. When we arrived at the port, a slow tap on my arm woke me up. It was Darren's hand. I smiled at him, but when he didn't smile back, I realized why. I had laid my head on Trey's shoulder and everyone had noticed it. Talk about horrible luck.
As soon as we were off the taxi, I noticed the ship. It did stand out. I didn't like the idea of us spending the night in that thing but after everything that had happened, I felt compelled to follow orders. After Cameron paid the taxi, we all walked together- Darren carried my luggage, Cameron carried Penelope's- and made our way over to the ship. I guess it didn't look like a pirate ship... But it did grab the attention of anyone around!
"I just remembered something," I said, making everyone stop right before we were on the main deck.
"Yeah?" asked Cameron, seeming annoyed.
"Travis," I said, startling him before he looked up at me. "You said you had come here with someone else. Who?"
"Oh, it was just some other crewmate," he said. "They came back on the ship just a few minutes ago. We needed someone watching our backs. Don't worry about it. Let's just get on already." I looked at Darren, who simply shrugged and signaled me to follow them. I didn't know whether to believe Travis. He didn't seem to be very confident in his answer. I did, though, realize that it might just be me he's not too comfortable around anymore. Good. Whatever brief fling we'd had on the plane would end that much faster now.
Chapter 17: Whydah Hell Is This Happening
Almost immediately after getting on the ship and having our luggage taken to our cabins, I was already being put to work. Not with strategizing, though. No, Penelope and I were told to go help in the kitchen! Apparently, there was an incident in which Liam had his arm lacerated by some crew member so Lea was making dinner instead.
Before I went to the kitchen, I made my way over to the infirmary. I don't know what they referred to it as, just that I'd find Travis there. When I walked in, I walked over to the spot where he was sowing Liam's skin back together. Trey was lying down on one of the beds, awake but looking exhausted, and waiting for his turn. I tried not to disturb Travis, but it really was important to me that we talked. How was he feeling about us? Did he really mean the whole thing to be serious or was it just what I was hoping for, a fling?
"Travis," I finally got myself to call out from behind them.
They all looked up. Liam half-smiled when he saw me but Travis just stared back and then turned to putting his arm into better shape. Trey didn't even bother to look at me. He just kept staring at the ceiling.
"I know you're busy," I said, as firmly as I could, "but we really need to talk."
"Fine," he said without looking back. "But I have to finish up here first... You should be helping the other women with preparing dinner." I scowled at him. Just because I'm a woman doesn't mean... Oh wait; that was what Alexander had told us to do. I still didn't like the way he'd said it but nevertheless I headed over to the dining hall.
"There she is!" exclaimed Penelope from the kitchen. She looked a mess and so did Lea. They had flour on their faces and food on their clothes. Already?
I went over to them and the hungry men watched me speed past them. "What are you doing?" I asked them.
"Making cupcakes..." murmured Lea in apparent frustration. "To celebrate the safe return of our crew... How the hell do you make cupcakes?"
"Not like this," I said looking around. "But I..." I heard the voice of the man I'd been trying to avoid since we'd gotten back on the ship. I turned to see Darren, followed by Cameron, taking a seat at their usual spot. Penelope immediately put everything down and went over to hug him. My blood boiled.
"So does she like Cameron or Darren?" Lea said from behind me. I turned to look at her.
"I don't know..." I mumbled. "But I guess right now she's extremely glad to see Darren has made it from his cabin to the dining hall."
"Well, I can tell you one thing," Lea started. "If I were Cameron, I wouldn't like the way she has her arms around Darren right now. And Darren is too smitten at the moment to realize that she's playing them both." She shook her head in disapproval and I just felt stupid for believing Darren. Of course he still preferred Penelope. Speak of the devil, my loving friend let go of her prey in time to finally come and help out. As she passed me to go back to the counter she had been standing in front of, she gave me a cocky, triumphant smile. I scowled and, well, that's it.
I didn't say anything else, instead turning to the food and starting the stove. "You should start heating up the meat. It's not going to last forever. Let me worry about the cupcakes."
I made amazing cupcakes. I have to say, I'm not much of a cook but I sure can bake. After dessert had been served and we had joined everyone in eating, I had almost forgotten about the whole love triangle thing. Love triangles suck.
"How was it?" asked Alexander as he and Matthew took their seats on at each of my sides. Lea was sitting in front of me, while Penelope sat at a different table with Cameron and Darren. Everyone else had gone back to their jobs and it was just us now, finishing our food.
"It was fine," I said, "except for the incident with the gun. By the way, I'm extremely sorry that we tried that. I don't know why we just freaked out a lot and then my mind couldn't think of anything else. But I can assure you that-"
"It's fine, Rose," said Matthew with a laugh. "Alex and, I mean, the captain and I discussed it already so we know we believe you deserve a second chance. Right, Lea?"
Lea gave me a look and I tried not to look at her. I had almost forgotten that she had tried to escape before, too. She nodded at Matthew, smiled, and then got up. Matthew was going to say something but Alexander signaled him to let her be. As she walked out of the dining hall, Matthew ran his hands through his gorgeous blonde hair and sighed.
"So did you find the perfect dress for our date?" Alexander asked me, making me blush.
"I did," I told him. "Darren said, um, it might just be too much? Well, he didn't say that but from what he did say I'm thinking it may be too much."
"You couldn't have bought anything that was too much,Rosalie," said Matthew.
"Well, not in general," I said, trying to find words for what I was attempting to tell them. "But Penelope's supposed to do the seducing and-"
They both smiled and had epiphany looks. "So you think you'll look too sexy!" exclaimed Alexander. Cameron, Penelope, and Darren all looked over and I blushed.
"No, no, no," I said quickly. "It's just that... Well, the thing is..." The others had gone back to their conversation so I began to feel a little more at ease but not enough.
"It's fine," said Alexander with a laugh. "Don't get so worked up. Look, Rose, we all know you're a beautiful, young woman. And we know you'd be perfect for seducing this jerk we're going to see tomorrow. But we thought based on personalities, Penelope would be more willing."
I made a face and said, "You can bet on that..." The door above opened and Travis, Trey, and Liam descended down the stairs. Fabulous... They were completely fixed as far as I could tell but they all looked really tired. I automatically stood up to get them some food but Alexander grabbed my arm gently and stopped me, pulling me back down on my chair.
"As captain," he said, "I haven't really been on kitchen duty in a while. You enjoy your resting time and I'll serve them." Travis and Liam sat somewhat near us, but Trey joined the others. Travis gave me an intense look, and then nodded so I nodded in return.
When Alexander took his seat next to us, distributing the plates on his way, he and Matthew just stared at me. "Is there something wrong?" I asked them.
"You look... different," Matthew told me. Alexander nodded in agreement.
"Different how?" I asked.
"Different... Just different," said Matthew. Alexander nodded again and then all of a sudden he got up and left. I was confused by his random change of mood, so I got up and followed him up the stairs, not caring that we had attracted everyone else's attention. When we were out on the main deck, I called out his name and got him to turn around and stop.
"What's going on?" I asked him when he stopped.
"What do you mean?" he asked me.
"Alexander, you're suddenly all serious," I said. "What do you mean 'what do I mean'?"
He half-smiled and said, "You're really confusing, you know?"
"I'm confusing?" I asked.
"You are," he said, turning and then walking across the main deck. I followed him, ignoring the stares that the other pirates were giving us. It was weird for us to be out on the deck because we were still docked at the port and there were so many people out there that could see what we're up to. I wondered if they could see right through our whole pretending-to-be-some-sort-of-huge-yacht thing. Luckily, it was pretty dark outside so everything was calming down.
"Alex, I'm talking to you!" I called out after him. He didn't turn around and eventually we were in his cabin again.
After I stormed in, he closed the door and sat on his bed. "You ready for tomorrow's party?" he asked nonchalantly.
"Yes," I said. "Why shouldn't I be?"
"I don't know," he said. "You didn't seem to be too happy that I'm dragging you into this mission." 
"It's just you had so many opportunities to let me know about it," I explained to him, taking a seat next to him. "Why didn't you tell me before that I would have to go with you?" 
"I didn't really plan on taking you along before," he said genuinely. 
"Then what changed?" I asked. 
"I wanted to take you," he said. He shook his head in frustration and said, "Rose, I know it's stupid and everything, but I just have this feeling in me that if it's just Penelope, it won't go as planned. I feel like we need the two of you to be there, even if you aren't actually doing anything but being introduced as my date." 
I blushed, looking away to hide it. "I understand," I said. 
"Besides," he started, a much more lighthearted tone this time. "What kind of captain would I be if I showed up to a feast without a pretty lady by my side?" 
I smiled and said, "Not a very tough one, I'm guessing." 
"Thanks for doing this, Rose," he said. "It means a lot." 
"Just make sure she stays safe," I told him. "Penelope may hate me at the moment for everything I've done but... Make sure she's not in any real danger." 
"She won't be," he assured me. I nodded and walked over to my bed, exhausted and ready to go to sleep. After taking off his shirt, putting on different shorts, and turning around to let me change into my sweats and spaghetti-strapped top, the two of us finally settled in for a good night's sleep. 
***  
The day of the party was absolutely hectic. I didn't wake up too early, so they let me sleep in until way past noon. At around 2 pm, Lea busted through my door with a lot of hair products and what looked to be makeup. Did she borrow that from Penelope? 
"Penelope says she'll go second," Lea told me, closing the door behind her. "Have you eaten?" she asked.  
"No," I shook my head. "I literally just woke up." 
"You'll just have to skip lunch and wait until you're at the party to eat," she said, signaling me to sit in the chair in front of a mirror I hardly ever saw Alexander use.
I took a seat and she immediately started working on my hair. "Why are you in such a hurry?" I asked her. "You look stressed out."
"I am," she confessed. "I have to make sure you and Penelope look flawless. It'll take me an hour and a half to do both of your hair and makeup, and that hardly will give you girls anytime to relax before going to the party." I stayed silent as she started on my hair. Stressed out Lea was not someone I wanted to cross paths with. She made my hair curly and added a lot of hairspray. The curls flowed down and looked seductive, especially after she had me apply red lipstick on, which Darren was absolutely right about. The too-long-to-be-called-bangs of my hair flowed upwards in 80s/90s fashion and it looked too amazing to be really me. After adding some pink blush, eyeliner, and silver eye shadow, I was ready to go. Almost an hour had passed.
"I have to go to Penelope now!" Lea exclaimed, starting to pick things up. I normally would've helped her out to speed up the process, but I couldn't stop staring at my reflection.
"Tell her I said she'll look beautiful tonight," I told Lea.
"Yeah, yeah," said Lea, getting the final things she'd brought and heading to the door. "Rosalie, make sure you get into your dress as soon as you can. The party is an hour away and starts at six. We need you ready as soon as I'm done with Penelope." I nodded and she rushed out of there. I walked over to the bag at the corner of the room where my dress was hanging above the shoes I'd bought. Carefully not to knock anything down from the cluttered shelves around, I brought the bag down and walked over to the bed. Sitting down, I began to pull out the dress. I just couldn't get over how beautiful it was.
I looked up at the door and then back down at the dress. I guess now would be the time to get into it. I took off the tank top I was wearing and the bra I had put on before sleeping- I didn't think it'd be appropriate to sleep braless while Alexander and I were sleeping in the same room. Careful not to mess up my hair, I carefully slipped into the dress and walked over to the mirror. It fit me perfectly.
I attempted to tie the back- it had two straps that tied behind the back, just above my exposed back- but I couldn't do it right. I struggled for a few seconds before the door opened and in came Alexander. I didn't bother turning since I could see him through the mirror reflection. He was already dressed in a tuxedo; the bow tie was hanging around his neck in need of tying.
"Hey," he said, taking a few steps closer to me. "Are you ready?"
"Yeah," I said softly. He kept staring at me, which I found extremely nerve-wracking for whatever reason, so I said, "If I could ever get this thing tied..."
"Here," he said, coming closer to me. "Let me help you with that."
"Thanks," I said as he stood behind me and took the straps from me. Slowly, he tied the straps together with a gentle motion. I didn't look at him through the mirror this time. Instead, I looked back and what I could see of his hands, touching my back as they made the loop. His touch gave my whole body goose bumps. I looked back up to the mirror and saw him looking at me, his index finger still on my back.
"Um, uh..." he said suddenly. "Uh, can you help me out now?" He pointed at his bow tie so I tried to smile but couldn't even smile a little bit as I reached forward and started tying from what I remembered.
"I used to help my dad do this all the time," I told him as I did. "I'm kind of an expert."
He laughed and said, "You can pretty much do anything, huh?"
"Not swim..." I muttered to myself. I turned back to the mirror and reapplied the lipstick just to have something to distract myself. Alexander looked absolutely perfect.
He chuckled and said, "Well, lucky for you us guys don't care about that type of thing."
I nodded as I looked at myself, just primping so I didn't have to look at him. He didn't seem to understand that at that moment I didn't really want to talk to him. He was too distracting and I actually felt like maybe there was something in me for him. And I didn't even think much of Travis since we'd gotten back. I didn't even really think much about Darren. But I still couldn't stop thinking about Trey. And now the captain stood there, ready to escort me to some party, and I felt like crap.
"You sure make one beautiful date," he said, standing right behind me. He was so close I could feel his breath on my ear. And he was just so, so, so incredibly sexy.
I looked up at him. "Thanks," I told him before walking away from him. Even if he didn't want me that way, I wanted him. And I couldn't go there. I just couldn't.
I kept my distance from him for the rest of the time in which we were waiting. It was hard because he didn't leave the room the whole time, but I distracted myself with putting on earrings, shoes, a necklace, and other pretty things Lea had left. Time passed slowly but it passed. When it was time to head out, I didn't feel comfortable in my own skin. Everyone stared at us when we walked past them. We had just gotten off the ship when a voice above us stopped us before we got in the limousine that had been sent for us.
"Captain, wait up!" he shouted. It was Trey. Trey... I was so glad to see him after all I'd put him through. Even if he hated me, hearing his voice, being in his presence... It was good enough for me.
"Trey, what is it?" the captain responded, a bit worried. Alexander, Matthew, Penelope, Theo, Darren, Cameron, and I were all standing there, waiting. Theo, Darren, and Cameron were going on the mission, following us in a cab, getting off nearby, and then sneaking into the property. They were thinking of sending more people, but with Theo distracting the security and using his hidden hacking skills, they wouldn't need more than just Cameron and Darren. I didn't think it was a good idea. There was enough tension between those two because of Penelope. We didn't need them screwing things up just like we had to be careful of screwing it up.
"I need to talk to you," he told him.
"Trey, if it's about what we discussed earlier, I already told you that-" Alexander stopped himself. Then he nodded and pulled Matthew aside. Matthew looked damn fine. His blonde hair wasn't combed back like I'd imagined for some reason. It was left down and incredibly adorable, as always. Matthew nodded as Alex talked to him, using his hands a lot.
"Rose," Trey said, startling me. I hadn't realized he had been looking at me. He signaled me to step aside with him, so I did, noticing Darren's eyes were on us.
"Yes?" I said when we were separated from everyone.
"I'm sorry," he said.
"No, Trey, I'm the one that-" I started.
"I'm sorry that I've been such a jerk since we got back," he interrupted me. "I'm sorry that I've been avoiding you and ignoring you and not even wanting to look at you."
"Trey, you don't-" I started again.
"I really do like you," he said. "A lot. And when you kissed me, no matter what your intentions were, I knew you felt something for me, too."
"Trey..." I murmured. I felt my eyes sting. I did feel something for him, but I'd been such a jerk and he'd forgiven me for using him and his emotions the way I had just to get away.
"You look beautiful," he whispered. "I want to be able to protect you since I got you into this whole mess. No matter what happens tonight, I want you to know that-"
"What's happening?" I interrupted him.
"Alright," Alexander was saying from behind me. "Trey's going, too."
Trey looked up at them and nodded but I didn't bother turning. Instead, I grabbed his face in both hands and pulled him down to kiss him. And nobody behind us said anything because there was nothing they'd be able to do about how I felt about Trey.
"We need to go now Jack and Rose," said Matthew. He didn't sound like he was joking, though, even though he made the Titanic reference again. I looked at Trey for a second and he smiled, so I smiled back and then went over to the others. Alexander helped me into the limo and I kept looking out the tinted windows, watching Trey grow smaller and smaller. He'd be right behind us.
Chapter 18: A Rose For A Rose
Walking off the limo was extremely weird. I had spent my whole time thinking about Trey, how this time when we kissed I actually paid attention to what it felt like. It felt like I was floating away. And when we finally got to the party, I didn't even realize it had been that long. Alexander had to call out my name several times and it wasn't until Penelope snapped her fingers in my face that I really realized he had been talking to me. 
"Oh, I'm sorry," I said, blinking as they all stared at me. A man was opening the door for us and we were right at the door. 
Alexander smiled at me and said, "It's okay." He grabbed my hand and helped me out of the limo. It was so weird to be in heels after so long, but I managed to hide my discomfort. 
"No, it's not," said Matthew. "We need to be focused; not daydreaming about how wonderful it is to pretend you're flying." Okay, his Titanic references were really pissing me off now. So Trey and I had something special. Big deal! 
"You better get it together," Penelope whispered to me as the limo behind us drove off. "I'm putting myself in great danger for us... Don't be the reason this ship sinks." I didn't say anything to her. While Matthew's Titanic reference was meant to be annoying- I think- Penelope's was just... I don't know. It didn't make me be mad or annoyed. It made me want to yell at her and then cry. It's hard to explain. 
"You ready?" asked Alexander as we stood at the door and the butler inside opened it. 
"No," I shook my head. 
"Well, isn't that lovely," he said, taking a deep breath and holding out his arm. I wrapped mine around his and sighed heavily, too, as the butler greeted us inside. 
To say the house was beautiful would be an understatement. Just calling it a house is an understatement. The place is more like a mansion, or even better a palace. Everything was crystal clean, from the marble floors to the glass end tables. I could literally see my reflection on the floors, surfaces, and even the walls. They were made of glass. 
"Luxurious, much?" I whispered to Alexander. 
He pressed his lips together, not looking over to me, and said, "You haven't even seen anything yet."  
We followed the butler into the dining hall and I noticed we were not alone. Although nobody was seated, there were plenty of us around. I cannot express how amazingly the room was set up. Chandelier. Do I even have to say anything else? The dining table was covered by a beautiful, beige table cloth. It was amazingly decorated with nothing but vases of flowers. Roses. 
Next, I took my time to look at the people, especially the women. In order to assure myself that Penelope would be the one chosen for seduction, I examined the room for any women more beautiful than her. As I expected, none of them were more beautiful. The thing with this Kendall guy is he likes to feel like the most powerful man not only through money and the material luxuries he purchases, but also through the women he seduces. According to Alexander, he always chooses women who are already taken. He likes the powerful feeling of being preferred over someone else. Well, today that would be his hubris. That thing he does- lusting over women who are already with someone else who is also powerful- will be the reason he loses all his precious stolen money. 
It wasn't planned that way, actually. Not back then, at least. Alexander always had in mind to take from Kendall, but he promised me he didn't plan on putting Penelope in danger to do so. It was when he sent his RSVP for the dinner that he thought of it. The thing is, Kendall pretty much asked him to bring Lea, who he had met once when the girl was only nineteen. So now, the pervert had planned to use this opportunity to take the captain's protected girl. That's when Alexander and Matthew had the idea. 
I know it's probably not the most clear explanation to what we were about to do, but that doesn't even matter anymore. I was standing in a room, looking around at snotty-looking, pinkie-lifting, karat-wearing, high-class socialites. And it was time for Penelope to do as she agreed to do. 
In the midst of my admiration of the people, I didn't even notice a man come up to us. He was definitely Kendall. He wore a white suit, for one, with a simple black bowtie. His hair was pulled back, black and slick. It wasn't his appearance that led me to conclude it was him, though. It was his mannerisms. He walked towards us like he owned the place, so he probably did. His smirk as he held out his arm to Alexander but looked at me was egotistical and acquisitive. He frightened me. 
"Alexander," he said incredulously as they shook hands. I made a point to not look at him in the eye, while Penelope stood next to Matthew and smiled. 
"Kendall!" exclaimed Alexander as he smiled widely, the way you would when you had just been offered a promotion and you were thanking your boss for it. "It's been so long!" 
"Yes, it has," said Kendall with a sigh, as if reminiscing on the 'moments' that I'm almost sure never happened. Then suddenly, his attention turned to the rest of us. 
"Always a pleasure, Kendall," said Matthew, extending an arm out. "This is my... date... Penelope Callahan." Penelope smiled and held out her arm after Kendall had shaken Matthew's. He certainly did express interest from the way he looked at her. 
"It's such a delight to finally meet the renowned business tycoon," said Penelope with admiration as he shook her hand. I couldn't tell if it was real or not when she added, "I'm simply fascinated by the many things I've heard about you." 
"Well I'd be glad to discuss my business with you at any moment," he responded smoothly with a smile. "That among other things..." 
Penelope gave her infamous flirtatious smile, tossed her hair back, and said, "I'm looking forward to it." 
After smiling wider, Kendall turned his attention to me and as he squinted his eyes he said, "I'm so sorry; I don't think I've had the pleasure." 
"Sorry," said Alexander. "This is Rosalie Thorne. She's with me." The look Alexander gave him as he said the last part was firm. It said 'she's off limits' which I'm not sure was the right move at that point. The guy liked a challenge, right? I guess at that point I felt like Bella when Edward was trying to keep James away from her. Okay, fine... I did read the Twilight books! But I seriously didn't watch the movies. 
"Rosalie Thorne..." said Kendall slowly, as in taking my name in by repeating it. "Lovely name, that is. If you couldn't tell from the white roses on the table, those are my favorite flowers. White roses... I like the... purity... of them." 
Alexander was on his guard now. He knew he had made a mistake by acting so defensive over me, so he said, "Kendall, would you mind if we went ahead and took a seat now. It was a long drive over and we're pretty much starving." 
"Of course, of course," said Kendall, hopefully giving up on me as his prey. "Please, everyone," he said loudly, "take your seats now and let the dinner begin." I followed Alexander to an empty chair as far away as possible from Kendall. Sadly, far away wasn't far enough. He was sitting at the very end, just where a king would sit in his palace. I wasn't sitting next to him, Penelope was. Matthew was next to her and then me, followed by Alexander. I would've liked to have sat on the other side of Alex but I guess between them was just safer. 
In no time, dinner was served. It looked amazing but at the same time disgusting. Tell me why the meat has to be shaped like weird faces? It grossed me out so much to have food looking at me and this literally did. It took me a couple of seconds to realize whose face I was looking at. The meat was shaped like this guy's face... Unbelievable. He held a dinner party to honor himself? I tried to ignore the meat and not upchuck by concentrating on the lettuce and tomatoes surrounding the face. Sadly, I hate tomatoes. 
"Aren't you going to touch your food?" Matthew asked me. Penelope was immersed in a conversation with Kendall, just as planned and it really looked like they were hitting it off. 
"Um, tomatoes aren't really my thing," I said. "Neither are things that look at me." 
Catching Kendall looking at me, I turned to Alexander, who simply put his arm around me and pulled me towards him affectionately. "You're so incredibly picky!" Alexander exclaimed in a 'you're so cute!' tone. 
"Umm..." I said, feeling like I might just throw up. Curse my weak stomach! "I think I have to go to the bathroom," I said weakly. I excused myself and got up. Kendall immediately called over one of the caterers or maids or whatever she was and told her to attend me. 
"This way," said the lady. She led me outside of the dining hall and down to the next corridor. There were big white doors and that's where I found myself walking into a restroom. I closed the door softly afraid I'd break something, and walked into the HUGE bathroom. It was bigger than my room back home. Actually, I think it was bigger than my house. There was this huge mirror and so many cabinets. Also, a second door led into the actual little room with the toilet and shower in it. There was also a Jacuzzi, which looked incredibly inviting at the moment. 
Since I didn't actually have to use the restroom, I just took the moment to contemplate on what I should do when I went back out there. I just knew this guy was interested in me. Not that I was more appealing than Penelope. Of course I wasn't, it's just... The hungry look in his eyes when Alexander expressed his dominance over me... It said it all. He wanted to beat Alexander out on this. And Matthew showing no affection or protection of Penelope didn't help either. 
 
A knock on the door disrupted my thinking. "Rosalie, is that you in there?" It was Kendall! Crap, how long had I been in the bathroom. 
 
"Yeah," I called out. "Just doing some touching up." I messed with my face, afraid he'd see through my lies, and lifted up the skirt of my dress. I was extremely thankful for the length of my dress. I was able to hide a pocket knife, which I'd strapped on using an iPod strap I used for running, and nobody had noticed. I made sure it was safely there and opened the door. 
"Hello," Kendall said with an amused tone. I was most definitely his new game. I could tell so fast, my heart was beating at an inhuman pace! 
"Hi," I said softly. "Did I take too long, or...?" 
"No, no," he said, reaching behind me to close the door. "I just was passing by and wondered if you were still in there." 
"Oh," I said. Passing by? 
"Actually, I was just headed out to the gazebo in the back," he said. "It's right out this door. Why don't you join me?" 
"Alexander's probably wondering where I'm at," I responded, apologetic. It was his trap. 
"Oh, he'll be fine for just a few more minutes," he said. "Come on out and check it out. The gazebo's pretty new. It's breathtakingly beautiful. Lights and everything." I looked unsurely at the end of the hall, wondering if anyone would walk by and rescue me from this stranger. But I knew I'd ruin this if I didn't just let him be distracted by me. Going out to the gazebo would be the best way for him to be distracted, away from everyone else and completely out of sight from the other buildings. Unfortunately, this also meant I'd be out of sight with him. 
I thought about what Penelope had said. I couldn't let this ship sink because I was afraid. If Penelope was courageous enough to go through with this plan, I could finish it for her. I finally nodded and followed him down the hall and out the back door. He was right. There was a path out in the back patio that led straight to the gazebo. The path was lit up with tiny, fluorescent lights, and the white gazebo, decorated with red roses, had little decorative lights hanging around it, as well. It was beautiful. 
When we reached the gazebo, he stood with his arms on the railing and I stayed behind him. "It's amazing, isn't it?" he asked. 
"Yes," I said after hesitating and causing him to turn around. "It really is beautiful." 
"I had it built because of my love for roses," he said, staring right at me. Then he turned to the roses and plucked one off the gazebo. He walked right up to me and offered it up. 
"I, uh..." I started. 
"A rose for a rose," he said with a smile.
Chapter 19: Defenseless
I forced a smile and took the rose. For everyone's sake I had to play along. I had to stall him for as long as I could. "So what exactly do you do?" I asked him. "Penelope seems to have done her homework on you, but I honestly have no idea what you do or who you are really." Of course I knew who he was. It was my job on the ship to know everything about him. 
He smiled acceptingly and nodded. "Where can I start from..." he said. "I'm from Austin, Texas. I moved to Amsterdam when I was nineteen and started a bar from scratch. Made millions of bucks out of it, along with some stock on British companies. After a small investment on what seemed to be a tiny construction workshop, I ended up with the rights to Callico Co. here in Plymouth, so I moved over here a few months after my 23rd and built my estate in the heart of the city. This mansion is my absolute pride and joy." 
"Wow," I said with a nod. "A tycoon, for sure. So you did all of this in the matter of just a few years?" 
"From rags to riches," he nodded proudly. "You see, intelligence is key. I didn't go to college. I just have the tactical skill it took to build a business. A sports bar in Amsterdam was brilliant."
"You are a brilliant man," I murmured. I was going to add something else, a question to keep the conversation going, when I spotted a figure in the distance. Trying not to attract attention in that direction, I made sure Kendall kept his eyes on me by putting on my best mysterious, indifferent face. He seemed to be into that since he chose me over Penelope. 
"Why, thank you," he said in an extremely cocky manner. "You know something Rosalie Thorne... I have a deep attraction to every rose in the world." I had a feeling that he wasn't talking about just flowers. I nodded and smiled a bit. Then I focused my attention on the figures I had seen in the distance. They were running now, three of them from what I could tell. After my eyesight focused, I realized it was Cameron, Trey, and Darren. They were carrying bags so I assumed they had already managed to take the money. Man, they were quick! Must have a lot of experience...
I was going to make up an excuse for why we should head back now, when I noticed the guys weren't running alone. They were being followed. They hadn't been spotted just yet, but they were still sneaking around and men talking into cell phones and/or walkie-talkies were searching around. Their only chance of escaping would be to head in through our direction. That meant there was no way they'd make it out without me finding a way to get Kendall inside.
"It's getting pretty cold out here," I lied. It was actually pretty hot. 
"Oh yeah?" he responded. 
"Yes," I said softly and slowly. "I'd like to go some place quiet and... warm... and safe..." Warm and safe? Would that even work? What did that even mean? 
Despite my insecurities over my answer, he smiled and said, "I know just the place." I smiled back and followed him back down the path, not saying a word until we were inside and walking up the stairs. 
When we were near the top of the really long stairs, I looked back and saw Penelope walking by with one of the maids, her eyes wide as she watched me walking behind Kendall. I gave her a helpless look and she quickly rushed back to the dining room. 
"I'm really tired..." I murmured as we reached the top of the stairs. "Is there somewhere I could lie down?" I felt filthy just talking like that. It wasn't me and it never would be. But if the guys would have any chance of making it alive- if Trey was going to get out of this property safely- I would have to keep up the seduction. I hadn't ever imagined that I'd actually be taking over Penelope's role. It wasn't me at all... 
He didn't talk anymore, instead he just walked up to a door at the end of the hall and opened the door. I walked in and he followed, closing it. 
Taking no time to think about it or start it off slowly, he went right at me and tried to make a move. Not just a move, he tried to go for the move. I moved back but I just ended up falling on the bed. There, he was able to grab me and force himself on me.
I tried to break free but his grasp on me was way too strong. I couldn't wiggle myself away, so I had no choice but to pray to God that he somehow realized the big mistake he was committing and would let me go. But he didn't. He was kissing me on my neck and then as I kicked and squirmed he started forcing my clothes open. He managed to rip off the single strap and I prayed he wouldn't get far enough that he'd find my knife.
I tried to scream but I didn't think anyone would hear. Still I shouted for help and when I did he only became angrier and rougher on me. Just as I was losing hope in being saved-
"You bastard!" I heard a voice shout from the door. "Let her go!" Matthew? I turned around. Alex and Matt were running toward us, with Cameron, Trey and Darren behind them. In just seconds, Cameron and Darren had taken him off of me. I hadn't realized I'd been sobbing until then, when Trey punched Kendall in the face and then turned to face me. He, Alex, and Matt crowded me as I snapped out of the initial shock of almost being raped.
"Are you okay?" Alex asked, leaning down to me and helping cover me back up where Kendall had ripped the dress. I looked up to him, still being held back by Darren and Cameron. Penelope quickly rushed in.
"Security is all over the place out back," she said. "We've got to get out of here."
"Thanks," said Alex.
"Did he...?" Trey started, looking over my body as if somehow he'd be able to tell whether that creep managed to get far enough or not.
"Son of a-" Matt suddenly exclaimed, practically jumping on Kendall before being held back by Alexander. Trey took Alex's spot next to me.
"He didn't happen to...?" started Trey again. "We didn't get here too late, did we?"
"No," I finally said. "He didn't... How did you guys find me?" I looked over to the other men- Matt and Alex were discussing something to the side with the guys and then they nodded and took Kendall, who was ranting nonsense out.
"I was just running down the hall when I bumped into Penelope and she said you were in trouble," said Trey. "Cameron and Darren were searching for the captain upstairs, who we found down the hall right before we heard you scream."
I looked over to Alex and Matt. "And the lieutenant?" I asked him.
Trey looked back at the two men still talking, looking over at me after every other word. Then he looked back at me and said, "I actually don't know what he was doing here. He was already running up here by the time we-"
"What's going to happen to Kendall?" I asked, my voice shaking.
Matt and Alex turned to us now. The latter said, "He's being locked in a closet as we speak. By the time his men find him, it'll be too late. They're going to take that knife we found on your leg and..."
I got up in panic, shocked by the fact that they'd taken my knife from me without me noticing. "What?" I exclaimed. "You can't do that to him!"
"Rose, that no good piece of trash tried to-" started Matt.
"I know what he tried to do," I told him. "I know it very well... I just don't think it's ever fair to kill someone." Matthew scowled so I looked pleadingly to Alexander but he only winced and then looked away.
"I'm sorry you feel that way," he said to me. Turning back he added, "We have principles... He went against our most important one and he must be punished."
"Which rule did he break?" Trey asked him, now standing at my side. "Hurting a woman or trying to take the one the captain-"
"Trey!" yelled Alexander. I hardly heard him raise his voice so it was shocking to me. Trey shook his head and walked out of the room. Alexander and I had never... I mean, yeah, we had a couple of moments where we'd show a bit of affection- platonic, of course- but I'd never thought about he and me... No, never... Just a bit of physical attraction and...
"Captain, should I...?" asked Matthew.
"Check on Kendall," said Alex. "Make sure Cameron's not being too cruel and Darren's not being too soft."
I winced at the thought of what they were doing to the man. I get that he'd tried to hurt me and I didn't want him to be unpunished but... Killed?
Matthew nodded and headed towards the door. Before opening the door, he turned to me and gave me a forced smile. He was trying to make me feel better, so I at least smiled back before he turned back and left.
"What happens now?" I asked Alexander.
"We have to get out of here and-" he started.
"We've got to stop them first," I interrupted. I ran out of there and found the guys in a closet outside the room at the end of the hall. Cameron was beating the crap out of Kendall, which surprised me. Cameron was avenging me?
"Stop, stop, stop!" Matthew yelled. He pulled Cameron away and said, "Finish him off."
I shook my head and ran to stand in front of Kendall, who was tied up on a chair with some rags in his mouth. "I'm going to be fine guys. A couple bruises on my arms maybe, but nothing major. Now don't make a mistake by leaving him worse off. Let's get out of here."
Alexander stood at the door. He looked unsure but after letting out a huge sigh, he finally nodded and signaled us to get out of there. We saw almost nobody downstairs, except for the help who all looked at us suspiciously and alarmed. I just ran as best as I could without my dress falling off and kept going until we reached the cabs that were waiting outside. There were two of them. Darren, Cameron, and Penelope mistakenly all got into the same cab.
I got in with the other three. Alexander sat in the front and the remainder of us sat in the back. Urging the cab to drive away, Trey grabbed my hand and gave it a squeeze.
"I'm so sorry all of this just happened," he whispered to my ear. I felt incredibly uncomfortable with Matthew at my other side and felt Alexander watching through the rearview mirror.
"It's okay," I said weakly. I put my head on his shoulder and repeated that to myself. It's okay, it's okay, it's okay. The only problem was that it wasn't okay.
I didn't say a word until we were back on the ship. Even then, I had to be spoken to in order to respond.
"Rose, we're here," Trey said softly, easing me out of the sleep I'd fallen into. I heard one of the doors open and slam. Opening my eyes slowly, I watched as the others all ran to the ship. I guess it was time to head out and runaway now.
"I'm tired..." I mumbled, meaning it now more than ever. He nodded as I closed my eyes back up and I felt myself being lifted up. I wish I had had more energy at the moment so I could take in the romance but I was completely drained. When I finally was woken it was due to a knock. I opened my eyes and found myself still in Trey's arms, facing the door to the captain's cabin.
"Captain, I've got her here," Trey called out loudly, yet softly.
The door opened and I saw Alexander's face. He was standing in his tux, still, looking as tired as ever. Trey walked right past him, putting me on my bed and taking the liberty to look through my clothes for my sleeping garments. He found them almost immediately and almost started taking my clothes off me. Before doing so, though, he turned to Alexander and cleared his throat.
"You can't change her," Alexander said, standing by the door, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed adamantly.
"I can do it," I said softly. "Go to bed." Trey nodded before leaning in to kiss my forehead and walking towards the door. Before walking out, he gave Alexander this certain look. It was stern with a hint of resentment and anger. But he just walked out without saying a word and Alexander closed the door behind him.
"He's not happy," Alexander said.
"Why would he be?" I said.
"I know, I know," he said. "Things didn't go the way we'd planned."
"Really?" I said sarcastically. Instantly I regretted my sarcastic remarks. It wasn't his fault, after all. I made some moves without telling anyone and it was a mistake to do so.
"Let's go to bed now," he told me as I pulled my hair behind me and grabbed the clothes.
"Is Penelope okay?" I asked him, settling myself into bed. I sat down at the edge briefly and hung my feet down, feeling the cold floor on my toes.
"You're still not talking?" he asked. "Why?"
"She's still mad at me," I told him, looking down at my feet.
"What was so bad that she still hasn't talked to you?" he asked.
I felt my knees go weak. I cleared the lump that had formed in my throat and said, "Umm, well, it's really..."
"I'm sorry if it makes you uncomfortable," he said. "You don't have to tell me." I didn't say anything. Telling him about that brief moment with Darren would only hurt me more. I couldn't get myself to say it out loud, especially not to him. After all, I think he expected more from me than anyone else on the ship.
He looked like he was hesitating to say something. I waited until he finally said, "You know there's a petty rumor going around with the men."
"About?" I asked. I took of my shoes and walked over to my drawer. I held the end of the ripped strap and gave him a look, his cue to turn around. When he was looking away, I started to change.
"Assumptions on what you and I do in here..." he said, sounding ashamed for once.
"Really..." I murmured as I put on a bra and then a shirt. I made a lot of noise to let him know I was done and he turned just as I was walking over to take off my makeup. We were quiet until I was done and flopped down on my bed.
"Are you sure you're going to be okay?" he asked. "I can't help but feel like I've let you down... I promised you you'd never get hurt and now..."
"I'm fine," I told him again. "Physically, I'll be okay."
"And emotionally?" he asked as he took off his shirt like he did every night.
"I'm scared..." I murmured. I cleared my throat and said, "I'm scared that when I close my eyes and then open them back up he'll be back for me." I guess my voice was really shaky because after turning the light off, Alex walked over to my bed. He sat down at the edge of where I was.
"I don't like you feeling that way," he said. He creased his eyebrow and rubbed that part in the middle.
"Can you stay with me?" I asked without thinking.
"You mean on your bed?" he asked, sounding surprised. I guess I'd caught him off guard.
"Yeah," I said. "I think I'll be able to sleep better if I can feel you by me for the night."
He thought about it for a second and looked over to the door. Sighing, he lied down next to me as I did my best to scoot over. I knew he didn't want anyone to walk in and think something was going on that wasn't. I didn't want that either. But I honestly didn't think I'd be able to sleep without knowing he was right there next to me and if anyone tried to harm me he'd for sure wake up and save me again. 
I drifted into sleep and felt myself waking up way too often. The first time I was crushed against the wall, Alexander's weight pushing me over. The second time I was under him, his arm hugging my stomach and his hand flat on my back. The third time I woke up, he wasn't even there. I thought I'd heard someone knock and felt him get up and now he wasn't there... The fourth time I woke up I wasn't in the cabin. I wasn't in the ship at all.
PART TWO- THE OTHERS
Chapter 20: Matthew Harrison
"Where the hell is she?" I heard Trey ask Alex across the room. It was the afternoon after the big dinner. We were already way out into the sea and it was time for supper. I assumed he was talking about Rose. That's all he ever seemed to worry about these days. Actually, most of the crew was either talking about Rosalie or Penelope. Being the lieutenant, I had to listen to most of it and was responsible for getting the crew to shut up about them and get back to work. With Trey, though, it was simply awkward to pull him away from her. Talk about a cock-block.
I watched from the other side of the room as Alex stood up, the whole room silent. "What are you talking about Trey?" asked Alex, confused.
"Damn it, Alex!" shouted Trey. He was in his face, yelling, "I went to wake her up and she wasn't in her room. Where the hell is she?"
I walked over to them, grabbing Trey's arm and pulling him away from Alexander. When I let him go I said to everyone, "Get back to what you were doing, there's nothing to watch here."
I pulled them both aside and just as I did, Travis joined us. He said, "She's nowhere to be found. Nobody has seen her all day."
Trey cursed and turned, running his hands through his hair, frustrated. Then he said, "How could she have gotten out of sight like that?"
"What's going on?" I asked.
"We can't find Rose," said Trey, turning to look at me as Travis walked over to some of the guys who were eating, asking for her. "She's not in her room, she's not out in any of the other quarters and apparently nobody has seen her all day."
"She wasn't there when I went back to the cabin this afternoon so I figured she had gotten out of bed when I was out," said Alex.
"What time was that?" I asked.
"I'm not sure," he said, rubbing his forehead. "Let's see... I, uh... The last time I saw her was when you woke me up because of the problem with the sharks in the morning."
"That was at seven," I told him.
"It was around eleven when I finally headed back to check on her after breakfast," Alex pointed out. "She wasn't there anymore. But all her clothes are there and nothing else seemed out of place."
"We have to find her, Captain," said Trey, his voice showing a bit more anguish than anger now.
"Alright," said Alex, nodding with some empathy. To the rest of the room, he announced, "Okay everyone, listen up. We've got a missing crew member. Rosalie Thorne is missing and I want every single person who is not manning the ship to forget whatever their plans were and search everywhere for her. We're looking for any clue as to where she is. Get on it immediately." As soon as he stopped speaking, everyone stared in silence and some shock. A missing person was never a problem. The only times someone disappeared was because we wanted them to. But now it was different, especially with it being the woman.
"You heard the captain," I had to shout afterwards. "Now!" At that, everyone got up and started exiting the dining hall. Only Trey, Alex, Penelope, Lea, Travis, Liam, and I remained. Lea and Liam cleaned up the mess that was left behind while the others came to us.
"Where is she?" asked Penelope frantically. "What happened?"
"We don't know," Alex said softly.
Penelope turned to him and rushed up to him. She started hitting his chest, her arms in fists and yelling, "How could you let her out of your sight? You know she can't swim! What if she fell overboard? What if someone took her and threw her off the ship? What if she was kidnapped?"
Travis pulled her away and said, "Penelope, I think you should stay here with Liam and Lea while we have our search going on."
"No, I have to find her!" She had that same desperation in her voice that Trey had also expressed.
Speaking of Trey, the poor man was walking away now, looking more depressed than I'd seen him since Lea had escaped without a warning. I remember that day so perfectly. It wasn't that long ago, only about five years. Travis had recently joined us and Alex had just become the new captain after the death of Captain Sergio Castillo- a bad case of small pox had taken out a few of our oldest crew members, including our captain and lieutenant. Alexander and I had been voted by our crew to be the next in command of the Whydah Gally. A couple of months later, Lea was gone. She didn't even leave a note or anything to explain her disappearance. Trey was just the way he was right now, running around frantically and yelling at everyone to look for her.
I kind of felt bad for the guy. Since before I even knew what pirates were, he and his sister had been forced to be on the ship. And it wasn't even like he knew it was coming. He was only four years old and had been taken from his home. His parents, he claims, were researchers from Atlanta who were working on the coast of Puerto Rico. He and Lea lived there while they worked. That is, until a few of our members mistakenly took some barrels in which he and three year old Lea had been hiding. I remember perfectly what Captain Sergio always said. His men opened the barrels, thinking it was full of coins, and instead found a blue-eyed boy staring back at them, his little sister cowering behind him.
Now, I could clearly see the little siblings as Lea followed after Trey, asking if he was okay. He shook her away and hurried up the steps, leaving Lea to walk back into the kitchen and be given pity looks by Liam. I watched as she looked up and met my eyes before heading over to me. "What's going on?" she asked me. Liam had proceeded to comfort Penelope, who was on the verge of tears. Alexander and Travis were discussing a few things, both obviously confused, before coming to some sort of agreement and heading up to the main deck.
"What's going on, Mattie?" Lea asked me again, this time louder.
"She's gone," I told her, not turning to look at her. I was trying to make sense of everything in my head. Where could she have gone? Was she alone? Why did she leave and how?
"I knew that much..." Lea said. "But how? How did she manage to get off?"
"I don't know..." I murmured. "I guess everyone was all focused on what happened yesterday that-"
"What did happen?" she asked.
"Lea..." I started.
"Please," she begged. "Mattie, don't shut me out of all this pirate stuff the way everyone else does. Look, I know not everyone trusts me around here, but you've never shut me out. Please... This is about the girl my brother loves." I winced when I heard that last part. He didn't love her, did he? I know he liked her, but he couldn't love her. If he did, this would be really rough.
"Fine..." I sighed, turning to look at her. "The guy wasn't really interested in Penelope. He went after Rosalie instead and when he managed to get her alone..."
She gasped, covering her mouth with her right hand. "He didn't...?"
"No, no, no," I said, shaking those thoughts away. "We got there just in time, but he managed to pretty much traumatize the girl. You had to have seen her, Lea... She was shaking and crying. And the crazy thing is, we were ready to execute him but she stopped us. She said not even he deserved that. We left the poor bastard alive because of her. It was completely incredible..."
"Do you..." she started. "Mattie, do you have feelings for her?"
"What?" I asked, surprised. "No, why would you ask?"
"Well, it's just..." she said, a frown on her face. "The way you said that she... It seemed like you thought she was incredible."
"I hate the woman's guts," I assured her. "Your brother's definitely safe from me in that department."
"Oh..." she nodded. She didn't actually seem to believe me. I wasn't lying, though. Rosalie was beautiful but her crude attitude and disregard for Alexander and my authority... It pissed me off too much.
Lea walked away without another word, so I headed out of the dining hall. With most of the crew in the other quarters searching for Rosalie, the main deck seemed oddly empty. I spotted the lookout, a Spaniard named Nico, standing at the edge of the ship and looking out into the distance with a crappy pair of binoculars.
I took a spot next to him and he turned briefly, greeting me. "Hey, Lieutenant. Things sure are crazy around here these days."
"Hey," I responded. "You see anything?"
"Not yet," he said. "But I have this gut feeling, you know... Like we're close to something. I just don't know what that something is. If only I knew what to... Um... Lieutenant... You may want to take a look at this."
"What is it?" I asked. He handed me his binoculars and pointed out to somewhere in the southeast direction. I looked through the binoculars and at first I didn't see anything. I was ready to put them down and asked what he was talking about when finally, I saw it. There was a black spot out into the horizon that I couldn't make out.
"Do you see it?" he asked.
"I think..." I said. "Is that some sort of island?"
"I would presume so, yes," said Nico. "It's not anywhere on the map, though."
"We need to redirect then," I said, putting down the binoculars and handing them to him. "You know that gut feeling you were talking about it? Mine is telling me we need to go over there."
He nodded and ran over to Trey, who had just taken over navigation. I didn't think it was too great of an idea but I guess he had insisted for his job or something. I made my way to the captain's quarters, feeling the redirection sway that we often experienced. With Trey behind the wheel, it was rough enough that I actually stumbled. I guess he felt that gut feeling, too. 
When I finally reached Alexander's room, I almost forgot to knock before stepping inside. After reminding myself like I often had to do that he was the captain now and I owed him some more respect, I knocked. It was weird, asking him if I could go inside. We had been best friends since we'd met on the ship, so many years back, and it was weird for me to refer to him as my captain. 
"Go ahead," he called out. I opened the door and found that he wasn't alone. Darren and Cameron were there, looking around.  
"There's no sign of her having a plan to leave," said Cameron, looking through her things. 
"Of course there isn't," Darren told him. "She wouldn't leave. Not without Penelope. Not without saying goodbye." 
"It wouldn't be the first time she tried," Cameron mumbled. 
Darren grabbed him by the collar and angrily said, "Shut up, Cameron! You know she wasn't planning it this time and she could really be in danger right now!" 
"How can you even be sure of that?"Cameron asked with spite. "She can't be trusted, man! She used Trey's feelings to get away and she used you and Travis and the captain. There's plenty of evidence to show that the whole time she was waiting on this moment to get away." Darren tightened his grip on him so Alexander and I stepped in, pulling them away from each other. 
"Whoa, whoa, whoa," said Alexander as he let go of Darren. "What are you talking about? Tell us everything you know." I let go of Cameron and we sat down, Cameron and I on Rosalie's bed and the other two on Alexander's. 
Cameron sighed and said, "She's been using all of you. Gaining your trust, getting you all to fall for her simultaneously and then finally betraying you guys by leaving." 
"What's your proof?" asked Darren, highly upset.
"I'm a spy," Cameron said bluntly. "Alright, I see things I'm not supposed to and I've kept my eye out for her. I didn't trust her..." 
"What did you see?" I asked.  
"Okay, I overheard a conversation between Liam and Rose," said Cameron. "That's why I had my suspicions. Liam was telling her she shouldn't try to escape but she said she wasn't scared of us. And then later, I heard her and Penelope talking about how they were going to get away, which is why I went with Penelope to some club while we were on the cruise. I knew after a couple of drinks, she'd tell me what they had planned. And it worked. She told us Rose was going to make a break for it after we left the cruise ship. But then she said she'd convince her not to. I didn't buy into it, but after one kiss Trey practically let her go."
"We all know that," Darren said. "That doesn't prove that she's a bad person. She just wanted out the way Lea did."
"Yeah, well do you all know about her make out session with Travis?" Cameron asked. They all stared silently in disbelief. I couldn't even believe it.
"Cameron, are you sure-" I started.
"I saw Rose and Travis going into the airplane restroom together," he said. "So I asked Darren to go check on her, saying she'd been in there for a long time and he was worried she had gotten sick again or something. Sure enough, that caused Rose to come out. I watched until just a few minutes later and Travis came out of there, too."
"That can't be true..." murmured Alexander. "Rose wouldn't..."
"She did," said Cameron. "And it didn't stop there. Why do you think she and Penelope were fighting?"
"Cameron, this stops now," said Darren.
"You say he's your best friend," Cameron told him. "So why were you trying to steal her?" He got up and I stared at Darren in disbelief.
"You, too?" I asked him. He hung his head in shame.
"I don't think we should be wasting so much energy on her," said Cameron, heading to the door.
I took a breath and Alexander said, "If it were Penelope, you'd want us to find her."
"Penelope wasn't the one that-" started Cameron.
"We see things, too," Alexander told him. "You think she wasn't as affectionate with you as she was with Darren?"
Cameron turned to him and gave him a spiteful look before heading out. I turned to Darren as we all headed out and said, "Hey, man, don't listen to Cameron, he's just-"
"I kind of believe him," said Darren. Then through his nervous stammering, he said, "Uh, not that she did all of that to get off the ship, but that she did it. You weren't there to see how she and Travis were acting. And he was right about me, too." He walked through the open door and headed out.
"So where do you fit into all of this?" I asked Alexander when he and I started heading out in the opposite direction. This is why I didn't think women belonged on the ship.
"What do you mean?" he asked.
"What did Cameron catch you in?" I asked.
"Nothing," he said. "I honestly don't know why he included me in there. I know there are plenty of rumors going around but I never did anything like that with Rose."
"Okay," I said, deciding to leave it alone. "We're headed a different way now."
"I know," he said. "I felt the messy redirection. What's with that?"
"We saw this chunk of land in the distance," I explained before rounding the corner to the main deck. "It looks like an uncharted island."
"You think she's somehow made her way there or something?" he asked. Before I could answer him, there was a loud cannon sound and a thud shortly after it. We ran to the main deck, where the sound seemed to be coming from, and when we reached it we saw a crowd around the middle.
"What is it?" I heard someone say.
"Looks like a... treasure chest?" someone answered him.
"What's going on here?" asked Alexander loudly. Everyone turned around and made room for us to walk through to the middle.
Immediately, we saw what they were all looking at. There was some sort of chest in the middle. The blacksmith, Clinton, came forward with a hammer and handed it to Alexander. I watched as Alex knelt down and smashed the lock open. It wasn't tough at all; it took him only three hits to get it to open up.
"How'd it get here?" I asked the men as Alexander opened it and started looking through its contents.
"It was gunned over here from the island," Nico said. "I saw it through the scope. I can see so much more with it, Lieutenant. That's definitely an island but it's not deserted. Looks like there's a whole crew there and they're operating against us now. They have fancy ships and big equipment set up on their shore. I can see they've got more numbers than us from all the way over here." I looked out into the horizon. I couldn't even see the island, let alone the people on it. 
"Should we gun them back?" asked Jason, the gunner. 
"Um, wait just a second before you start bringing out the cannons," said Alexander. "Matt, come check this out." I knelt down next to him and saw what he was referring to. There was a picture of Rosalie, which was definitely taken during Kendall Jackson's dinner party. She was standing in the hallway, right outside the bathroom. There were more of them, too. Some of them were of her talking to Kendall outside in a gazebo, some were of her shaking hands with Kendall. There were even pictures of Darren and Trey filling their sacks with Kendall's stacks of money. And some of Cameron assassinating his security. We were being watched the whole time?
The pictures that Alexander held in his hands were the ones that stood out to me. I took the pictures from him as he put the others back in the box and stood up. I stood up, too, and Alex ordered one of the guys to go put the box somewhere safe. Alexander called out for Travis, who said he'd be right over. Then I followed him over to the wheel and we pulled Trey aside. He told one of the other guys to take over for him and then stepped aside with us.
"What is it?" he asked.
"What's in the box?" Travis asked.
"Pictures from the party," I told him. "Of Rosalie, of me, of Alex, of Penelope... Even some of you, Darren, and Cameron... And some other pictures..."
"So it was that bastard who took her?" Trey asked, infuriated. "His men took her from the ship and now they're on that fucking island?"
"It looks like it," said Alexander. "But that box wasn't just to warn us. It was to threaten us..."
"What do you mean?" he asked. Alexander turned to me, so I handed him the pictures I'd kept. The first one was one of Rose sitting between Alex and me at the dinner table. Her face was circled; mine and Alex's were crossed out. The next picture was one of Trey with his arm around Rose's waist, leading her out of the mansion. Again, her face was circled and his was crossed out. The final pictures were the most alarming. There were a few shots of her on our ship; walking with Penelope, looking over at the horizon, talking to a crew members. There were shots of her on the cruise ship; sitting down next to the pool, talking on the phone with Trey standing next to her, on a golf course all alone. And finally, a few of her walking into a hotel room, and boarding a plane with the guys, and with Travis in a hallway of what seemed to be a hotel, too.
"The whole dinner was a set up," said Alexander.
"What the hell..." murmured Travis. He took the picture in which his face was crossed out and then looked up at Trey, who was incredibly confused. It was a picture of him kissing her by a doorway.
"You son of a-" Trey started, thrusting Travis to the ground with anger.
"Trey!" shouted Alexander, pulling him off as best as he could. I helped him.
"Stop!" I yelled at Trey. When we managed to have him off Trey, I said, "Damn it, Trey, get your head thinking straight already! Don't you see that doesn't matter right now? We have to find out how we're going to get her back to us safely!"
Trey gave Travis a threatening look but bit his tongue and said, "I know... We need to get ready to kill those bastards."
"No," said Alexander. "We're not doing things recklessly... We have to..."
"What?" asked Trey, bitterness in his voice. "You have a better plan than to just go for it? May I remind you without Rose here we have no tactics to plan out?"
"Trey!" I shouted, giving him a look to remind him who he was speaking to.
"Incoming attack!" Nico yelled from across the deck. "Everybody out of the way!" The men who had been scattered on the deck all moved over to the sides as something hurled down to where the chest had landed. Those people had great aim.
It was another box, I could see from where I was. The four of us ran over to it and Alex smashed it open again. He looked up at us, perplexed, and then pulled out note and a case with a disc in it. "Do we have something to play this in?" he asked.
"There's the DVD player Penelope had for her trip," said Travis. "She used it practically the whole time in the airplane."
"How would you know what was happening in the airplane?" I asked him, forgetting that Trey didn't know about that. Travis widened his eyes briefly and then he recollected himself. He turned to Alexander, who said to go get it quickly.
Travis nodded and was back in no time. Alexander ordered to change directions, away from the island, to Trey's dismay. When Travis appeared with the DVD portable player, Alex told Travis, Trey and I that we needed to watch it privately. We went to down to the dining hall, where Lea, Liam, and Penelope put a halt to their conversation.
"Did you get that from my room?" Penelope asked us.
"No time to explain," Alexander told her. He held up the note and said, "We need you to watch this, too. And according to this, Cameron and Darren should be here, too."
"Should we leave?" asked Liam. Lea stood up and looked at us for an answer.
"Please," said Alexander. "And get Cameron and Darren to come down here soon." They nodded and headed out as Penelope set it up and placed the unlabeled disc inside.
"How'd this get here?" she asked.
"We think Kendall Jackson sent it through a cannon a few minutes ago," said Alexander. She looked at him apprehensively so he added, "We also think he's the one that took Rose." He passed her the pictures and her eyes filled with tears as she looked through them.
Cameron and Darren finally came down, obviously still upset with each other, so Alexander passed them the pictures and told them to watch with us. Penelope pressed play and we all crowded around the small screen to watch.
The screen was black at first, but then it turned to a dark room. It was grey and nearly empty, except for a high, barred window on one of the walls, a bit of light coming through. The camera turned and next appeared what made us all either gasp or curse. Rose was strapped to a chair in the middle of the room, a piece of tape covering her mouth. Her hair was drooped over her face, she was full of sweat, and her eyes were puffy and red.
Before any of us could say or do anything, a face appeared in front of the camera, making Penelope and Darren, who were closest to the screen, jump back. The face backed away a bit, inching closer to Rose, who was too tired to even squirm at this point. It was Kendall, a black eye, a bruised cheekbone, and a busted lip exposed to us. Way to go, Cameron...
"Hi," said Kendall, chipper as ever. "Welcome to the little video I've put together of your precious gem. I can't tell you how glad I am she was at my dinner last night. It was simply amazing having her there. Such a great girl!" He walked over to her, making her look up at him weakly, and then stood behind her with his arms on her shoulders. She was breathing feebly as she looked back down to her legs, away from the camera.
"There's just so much to say, I don't even know where to start," Kendall continued. "Why don't we start with you, Captain? I take it if you know how to read you're there watching now." I turned to look at Alex and saw him wince. "You've seen the pictures by now, right? I hope you've realized what's happening by now but just in case you haven't, allow me to explain. I took her from you." He started laughing softly, as if it was really all that funny and Alexander looked down. "Yup, took her right from your own room. You were too busy looking at the sharks we threw by your ship to even notice someone was sneaking in and snatching her away right as you left. And from what I heard, you promised you'd protect her! You told her you'd keep her safe as you held her in your arms and let her cry there..." He laughed again and Alex looked up startled. "That's right; your whole ship's been wired. We know everything. Always have! We were completely ready for your impending robbery. And that's what makes this all the more enjoyable, Captain. You completely put her in danger and she's no longer safe, is she? It's just too bad..."
"Go tell someone that they need to check for cameras, microphones, and anything else," I whispered to Cameron. He nodded and then silently made his way out.
"That's not the best part, though," Kendall said. "I can assume by now you know that the invitation had nothing to do with you or your ship. I have no interest with you or your crew and I'm glad I left it so long ago. From what I've seen, things haven't really changed... I was just telling Rose here about how I used to be fourth mate of the ship before leaving to Plymouth. And she said that you, Alex, you failed to mention that small detail to her. How could you just send her into a mission without letting her know who she was dealing with? Bad, bad captain... It must really suck to be in your position right now. You must feel ashamed. And Trey, Trey Remington... I still remember the day you were introduced to us. I was only fourteen and new, fresh from Texas. And I had to take care of you and little Lea. You remember? I wouldn't judge you if you didn't... It was a long time ago. Is Lea there? Tell her hi for me, won't you? I hope she knows she's lucky that Alexander fell into the trap. I asked for him to bring Lea along, but knowing him, he wouldn't, so he brought Rose instead. It was absolutely perfect."
"He was a part of the ship...?" asked Penelope softly. The rest of us nodded as she slumped down in her seat. Cameron came back in and joined us again.
"So you're probably wondering how I knew about Rose and why I have pictures of her from before you even met her..." Kendall was saying. "I can already picture Matthew's clenched fists and Alexander's ashamed look... Trey's probably cursing me under his breath. Darren is confused and Cameron's focused like always... And you're all probably thinking I am a complete creep, stalking her all this time... But it wasn't like that! It was simply my way of... admiring her... from afar." Rose was looking up at him at this point, resentment evident in her eyes. She looked at the camera for just a second and then back down.
"Asshole..." Trey murmured under his breath. I looked down at my hands and saw that I was indeed clenching my fists. Everything he'd said was right.
"I was disappointed when my spies told me you all planned to send Penelope to me," Kendall continued. "Don't get me wrong, Penelope, you're as beautiful as they come. It's just... While I was boarding my cruise, I saw a girl who... Well, let's just say blondes catch my eye. So I had my most trusted man follow her around and find out more about her. I needed a wife and she looked perfect. And then I found out about her achievements so far and... It was fascinating! A merit scholar, said to be among the top ten most brilliant minds in the Western Hemisphere... She was absolutely fit for a life with me, who as you all may remember was a young genius, as well. But when I first spotted her she wasn't alone. Young Trey beat me to the punch! It was as the kids say, a cock block? No, no, no, I couldn't have that. You all know by now when I want a woman I get her."
"Bastard," Trey said. "How did I not see him there, in the same damn place?"
Kendall looked down at Rose and said, "I couldn't believe my luck, though. Trey made it so much easier for me to get my hands on her. I had one of my guys buy Penelope as many drinks as it took to get her drunk; it wasn't much. And then I went out to find her. But Trey was already out on a date... That's why when Penelope managed to knock herself off the ship, I didn't have my men save them. I let Trey get to them first and put my whole plan into motion. Alexander, you absolutely took the bait with the invitation!" He was beaming with the joy of having outsmarted Alexander. "Did you really think I wanted to catch up with you, Alex? Did you really think after everything that happened I wanted to see you? Of course not! And you know, I wouldn't have been so rough on poor, beautiful Rose if you hadn't been so possessive of her when you introduced her. I asked Rose already but she wouldn't talk so I'll ask you. Are you in love with her?" He laughed and said. "Oh, little Rose turned out to be less innocent than I first gave her credit for. Trey, Travis, and apparently the captain, too! From the way Matthew rushed in to save her, I'd jump to the conclusion he fell in love with her, too, but I don't want to be too presumptuous. Mattie, Mattie, Mattie. I think right now would be the moment to let Trey know what you and his sister were doing the night you and I got in that fight. Tell him, why don't you? Tell him why Captain Sergio had me suspended. Tell him what you said!" I felt myself get super angry but everyone's eyes were on me. I didn't meet any of them, instead turning to the screen.
"I don't want to dwell on the past anymore," Kendall said, pulling himself together. "I just wanted to let you know, that if my money isn't returned, this precious young girl will end up dead. And if you're wondering whether I'm still planning on making her my wife... I have no use for her anymore. Looked down at her head and... She's not a natural blonde. So unless you all pay the money back, and then some, she's going to be meeting an extremely early death." Kendall took the tape off her mouth with one harsh moment, causing her to scream out in pain, and put her head down. "You see those brown roots? Doesn't it feel like we've all been fooled by her? She's not at all who we each thought she was, is she?"
"You're insane," Rose finally said. She turned to the camera and said, "Trey, I'm so sorry... I..."
"That's enough of that," Kendall told her. "Don't apologize. Be angry! Yell at Alexander for not keeping you safe. Yell at Trey for getting you into this mess. Yell at Penelope for keeping Darren away from you by threatening to tell Trey all about the two of you."
"What?" Rose asked weakly. To the camera, she said, "You'd do that?"
"Oh my god..." murmured Penelope.
"Trey, man, I'm really-" started Darren.
"Best friends, huh..." said Trey, looking from Darren to Penelope. "The two of you are..." He didn't finish because Kendall continued talking.
"Enough of you, Rose," said Kendall. "Enough of all of this... I'll end this by recalling a saying we used to have. Remember? Communes Hostes Gentium?" The screen went black just after he said that. Penelope shut it off and pushed it aside.
"Communes hostes gentium..." Trey repeated as he moved away from us all.
"What does that mean?" asked Penelope, turning around.
"Enemies of all mankind," I told her. Trey nodded before turning and heading towards the stairs.
Chapter 21: Cameron McCormick
"Trey, hold up!" Darren called after him. The rest of us just watched silently. We all knew better than to get involved in this. I still couldn't believe Penelope would try to intervene by making Darren stay away from Rose. I thought she liked me. So why did she care so much about whether Darren had feelings for her or not? I really hope it was some competitive girl thing and not jealousy because she had actual feelings for him.
"What?" Trey asked, turning around in anger. "You want me to be happy that the one time I find a girl that I truly like all the guys who are like brothers to me try to take her away? You want me to overlook that?"
"I didn't try to take her away," Darren insisted. "I told her she was an amazing girl and that if it weren't for you-"
"That's not any better, Darren!" exclaimed Trey.
"Trey, let's just focus on-" started Alexander.
"Don't bullshit me!" Trey yelled at him. "Don't dare tell me we need to stay focused when you let yourself be distracted by some damn sharks and now she's gone. It's your fault! I told you not to make her do this! I told you not to."
"Trey, I..." said the captain. But he stopped himself. There would be no winning this argument.
"I don't know about you guys but I'm not sitting on my ass any longer while that bastard does who knows what to her," said Trey. "We don't need a plan here. We just need to go in there and attack and get her. We have guns, we have cannons, we have swords. We just need to go in there and return her to safety."
"You mean let her go home?" Penelope spoke up. I grabbed her hand and tried to pull her back as she stood up, but she shook me away. As she walked closer to Trey, she told him, "It wasn't Alexander who did this to her. She would've never gotten involved if you, knowing who you were and how dangerous it was to be around you, hadn't brought her here. You should've never even talked to her. The only place she's ever going to feel safe if anything is her house. With her family, who must be worried sick by now."
"I'm getting her back," said Trey softly, struck by her bluntness. "Whether you're all with me or not." He walked off and disappeared up.
"Captain?" Matthew said as he turned to Alexander.
"We have no choice..." Alexander murmured. "We have to turn back yet again and go for it."
"Everyone?" I asked. I knew I'd have to get involved but I just didn't think it'd ever come to a moment when the whole crew was going out to fight.
"Yes," said Alexander. "Matt, go give the orders. Cameron, get the best guys ready to go out first. As soon as we get close to the shore, we're all jumping off and going to fight. I don't care who we have to kill, we're getting Rose back to Trey."
"And then back to her family?" asked Penelope, a hand on her hip. She was mad now. I knew it would come to this, deep down. No woman in her right mind would ever want to stay on a ship longer than they had. It was only a matter of time before Penelope wanted out.
"If it's what Rose wants when she's back here," said Alexander with a sigh. "Then yes."
"What should I do?" asked Darren.
"Uh..."Alexander contemplated for a second. "Prepare yourself for the worst?"
Darren pursed his lips and said, "You know what, yeah... Why don't I just go and make sure everything's right at lookout. I mea, Nico could really use the help. Not that hes not capable of doing it on his own... It's just there's a lot going on and it's a huge responsibility for just one person. If he missed something with that telescope of his and we all, you know, fell into a huge trap, this would really suck. Not saying that we're going to be trapped or anything, it's just that-"
"Darren, please stop." We all turned to the stairs and found Trey standing there.
"Trey, I-" Darren started.
"You were doing that thing," said Trey, moving his hand to make a talking beak. "You know, where you talk a lot because you're nervous. Just stop and come help me."
"Help you with...?" Darren replied. "Wait, so you're not mad anymore?"
"Oh I'm still mad," Trey assured him. "I am beyond pissed. But right now, what matters is that we get Rose back to her family... So come on." Trey turned and was making his way back up the stairs before anyone could say anything.
"It won't be too long before we make it to that island," Alexander told Darren. "Go. Do whatever he says. He may be reckless right now but I think we've got to trust his instinct."
Darren nodded and headed up the stairs, as did the rest of us shortly after. I didn't know who I was going to single out as the fighters, so I practically called everyone out except for Penelope, Lea, Liam, and six other guys. Everyone else was going to be jumping off that ship as soon as the water got shallow enough.
After making the choices and ensuring that everyone was ready for our arrival- which was soon approaching- I knew there was something else I had to do. I made my way to Lea's room, hoping she was somewhere else- chasing after Matthew or nagging at Trey, I didn't really care. When I finally got there, I hesitated before finally knocking on the door.
"Cameron..." murmured Penelope when she answered it. She looked confused, but she luckily still stepped aside and let me go in.
"I'm sorry to bother you right now..." I started. Her eyes were red from the crying she'd obviously been doing and I felt like garbage just by seeing her.
"No, it's fine," she said. "I kind of really wanted to see you." She looked at me for a moment and then finally came to me and gave me a huge hug. I held her to me for a second, taking the time to appreciate what may be our last moment together, when she pulled away and looked me in the eye, very serious-like.
"What is it?" I asked. I was going to go with What's wrong but that would've felt like a dumb question with an obvious answer.
"I just..." she said, her eyes getting dangerously close to pouring out. "I really like you." She smiled a very forced smile before sitting down on the bed and continuing, "And I know the thing with threatening Darren looked really bad but... I don't have feelings for him. I mean, yeah, at first I thought he was really sweet and all but then I met you shortly after and... When we were in that dressing room, and he was out there with Rose, I guess I felt like he had no problem switching me for her. And it shouldn't have bothered me but it..."
"But why?" I asked her, pushing back the hair that was on her face. I was standing in front of her on one of the beds.
"You don't know what it's been like, being friends with her," she told me, shaking her head and grabbing both of my hands in hers. "She's absolutely perfect, you know... Super smart and mature and kind and respectful. I mean, I can't tell you how much I wished I'd been like her when we were kids. She... She had enough self-value to stay away from all the partying and the drinking and the sex, but I didn't... And I envy her for that."
"So her getting the guy was just..." I started.
"Yeah," she said, rolling her eyes at herself and wiping them. "I was jealous of her triumph in love, not the fact that it was Darren."
"But she wasn't even victorious in that, Penelope," I told her. "She's been running around with all the guys and-"
"She's still as innocent to me," she said, her eyes shining as she stared back at me. "She may have made a few mistakes with Travis and Darren, but she's just as innocent."
"You're just as amazing, though," I told her, my hand caressing the side of her face instinctively. "No, you're more than amazing. You're perfect, Penelope. You have nothing to envy."
Let's press pause here. Okay, so everyone who knows me would hear that this happened and immediately question the credibility of my story. And that's the thing. Before meeting Penelope, I wouldn't even believe me. I'm no virgin or anything; I've had my share of girls in the past. But she's just so bold and beautiful. And I never pictured myself as the sappy, cheesy, romantic comedy hero type.
I don't think I need to press play again. Anyone who watches those sappy movies can pretty much guess what that led to. Some kissing, some touching, some stuff here and there. In order to skip the awkward details that will make some people barf, I think it'd be better for me to say that it did happen. Yes, we had sex right there and then. Hey, I know it may not seem like the best choice at the moment, but we didn't know what would happen next. We could never see each other again, so we may as well leave a way of remembering...
"That was..." said Penelope after what may have been the best moment of my life.
"Yeah..." I sighed.
"You better get back to your-" she started. She was interrupted by the doorknob moving and a knock on the door. Though we had made sure it was locked, it startled us, remembering there were other people in the world.
"Penelope, are you in there?" Lea's voice came from outside.
"Shit..." Penelope muttered. Then she called out, "Yeah, changing!" She pulled out some clothes and put it on as I redressed myself, too. She urged me to hide behind one of the beds so I did and she went to open the door.
"Hey, um..." said Lea after Penelope opened the door. "I was wondering if you had seen Cameron. We're getting dangerously close to the island and everyone's out there ready to jump. Some guys said they saw him coming this way...?"
"Umm..." I heard Penelope reply. "No, I don't... Oh... He was... He did stop by... A little while ago... But then I think he said he was going to the dining hall... Or something..."
"Oh," Lea answered. "That's strange; I just came from there... I must've missed him... Thanks, Penelope." I waited a couple seconds for a response but there was none so I got out and found Penelope staring right at me, her eyes wide.
"That was so close..." she whispered.
"I know," I responded.
"Are you ready?" she asked.
"Yes," I said. "I'm ready."
Chapter 22: Darren Wilson
"This isn't some trick to get revenge on me, is it?" I asked Trey. We were out on the main deck, getting some guns in our pockets and pulling some ropes in.
"Darren, for the five hundredth time I don't care about that right now," he responded, annoyed.
"Actually, I believe it's the seventh time," I said, matter-of-factly. "And I'm just trying to make sure you're not going to kill me the second I grab onto the rope."
"Darren, you won't be in any more danger than I will," he said, loading his gun and putting it into his little pocket thing. "Look, all I'm asking for is that you pull on that rope just as I jump onto that one. I'll dive into the water and swim my way to shore. You can either stay behind with the others, waiting until the ship is closer to shore, or you can join me and not waste any more time."
"I don't think it's such a great idea to go now," I said, shaking my head. "I mean, not that you won't make it, but it's just risky to go over alone. You saw through the scope yourself, there's a lot of them."
"Darren, we're so close they probably already saw us and are just waiting for us patiently," he said.
"If you think they're waiting, then why rush in?" I asked. "Aren't you walking right into their trap?"
"Yup," he said, tossing me the rope that was already hanging up. "You said this thing will definitely work as the pulley right?"
"Yes, but-" I started.
"Then nothing," he stopped me. "This is it. If you care about Rose, you'll want to go right into this thing and save her. Who knows where they have her, Darren. And while the others are busy playing swords with the brutes, we'll be searching for her everywhere else."
"I guess when you put it that way..." I responded. "Yeah, sure, let's do it." 
"Let's do what?" asked Cameron, appearing behind me.
"Um, we're just going to go on ahead," I told him, turning to him briefly. "Where have you been man?" Trey wasn't even listening. He was deeply concentrated on making sure everything was ready for his- our- big dive.
"Uh, you know," said Cameron with a nervous laughter. "Just making sure everything is fine. What's Trey up to?" I squinted at him. He was acting really suspicious. I couldn't tell what it was at first. Not until I spotted the barely-starting-to-form hickey on his neck.
I nodded at him and stopped squinting. "Oh, I set up this pulley thing so we can just-"
"Lieutenant, we're in trouble!" Nico shouted from a couple yards away. I watched as Matthew walked over to him, perplexed by the sudden urgency in Nico's voice.
"What is it?" Matthew asked as he reached him. Nico was still looking through his telescope.
"They've seen us coming and they're aiming their cannons at us," said Nico frantically. "Lieutenant, this doesn't look good! We need everyone off the ship... Now!"
"What?" asked Matthew. "Are you sure?"
"Lieutenant, we need to get off before we get sunk down along with the ship!" yelled Nico. Everyone heard this and the deck was silent.
"Everybody jump!" yelled one of the dumbest crew members. Great, panic is just what we needed. The ones cowardly enough to start plunging into the waters did. Trey signaled me to pull the ropes and I did, but I didn't join him after he dived down. Instead, I stayed back and helped Matthew get everyone who was in doors to calmly abandon ship. The captain looked confused but he also stayed back in the danger of being sunk down to ensure that everyone had jumped. Matthew, Cameron, and I helped out with those who were injured and with Penelope and Lea, who were simply freaked out. And then, well, we took those jumps.
I felt myself submerge down into the cold and seconds after I was swimming away, I felt the massive force of water driving behind me. I turned back and saw that their aim was indeed perfect enough to get our ship. They only got one side of it, but it was enough to have the rest of it sinking in just seconds after. There goes the legendary Whydah Gally...
I focused back on the mission at hand, saving Rose and staying alive, so I started swimming up to the surface so I could breathe. When I did, I saw that everyone was way ahead of me, especially Trey who I could see was already reaching the shore. Even though most of our guys were smart enough to have swum to the side of the island that wasn't directly where the bad guys were at, I had a feeling they weren't going to luck out of losing some of their buddies.
"Darren!" I heard a voice call out. I turned to find Trey, who had just reached the shore and was standing at the sand, waving me over. I swam as fast as I could and joined him. While the guys were all rounding the shore and going in the direction of the enemy, Trey and I went through to the jungle, where not as many people were headed. Actually, nobody else headed that way except for Matthew, who was with Liam, Lea, and Penelope.
They came to us and crept behind, wondering what we were up to. Everyone was too scared to talk, though. Everyone except for the captain, who joined us pretty soon. "Where are you all going?" he said in a voice just above a whisper. "It's going to be getting pretty dark and you'll be screwed if you stay in the jungle."
"We need to get the girls to safety," said Liam. "Now, you all know I don't mind fighting, but I tend to be more of a lover. And these girls definitely are not fighters, either."
"If it means finding Rose, then-" started Penelope.
"No, he's right," said Matthew. "We need to make sure you aren't in any danger. The ship is gone and..."
"Wait, what about the money?" asked Lea. "Isn't this all because of the stupid money? It's underwater now!"
"Not exactly," said Travis, appearing from nowhere. He was caring all the bags of money, right on cue. Trey tensed up as soon as he saw him.
"Where have you been man?" asked Alexander.
"I left the ship..." he said. "I took the money out of there, afraid something like this would happen... Everyone was looking for Rose so nobody noticed when Jamal, Brodie, Clinton and I took one of the boats and paddled away. We weren't seen or anything, but Jamal had to steer away someone who almost caught us and we haven't seen him since. Looks like they've only made themselves at home on that one side of the island. Other than that, they're just as clueless as us."
"That should help," said Alexander with a nod. "Did you, uh, happen to find out anything about Rose?"
"I, uh, I did..." he responded, looking down. "We, uh, we actually found her."
"Oh my gosh," said Penelope.
"Where is she?" asked Trey.
"Is she... okay?" I said.
Travis didn't answer for a second, unable to tell us a thing. Then he sighed and said, "Not really."
"What is it?" asked Trey. "Take us to her."
"I will," said Travis. "Luckily, they left her on the side of the island that they didn't want anything to do with. I have a feeling that's a bad thing but-"
"Just take me there," said Trey desperately.
"I will man," he said. "And look, Trey, I'm really sorry about-"
"Don't say another word," said Trey, shaking his head. Travis nodded, tossed me two of the money bags, and started leading the way.
"I'm going to go find Kendall," said Alexander, pulling out his gun. "I think it's time I end his madness once and for all."
"You need backup?" asked Matthew.
"No," said Alexander. "You go help with Rose." He walked off in the opposite direction in which Travis was leading us.
"So what is it?" asked Penelope as we walked through quickly.
"What do you mean?" asked Travis.
"You said she wasn't okay," Penelope responded.
"Oh, right, sorry," said Travis. "My mind's not right. I think when you see you'll know what I mean."
"She's alive right...?" asked Lea.
He hesitated for a moment. "Yes..." Travis responded. What was with his attitude? Why did it have to be so difficult for him to just say what was going on?
He led us through many, many trees. There were so many, palms mainly, that I wondered how he remembered the way so perfectly. I mean, I know he had a pretty high intelligence but he can't possibly have the eidetic memory required to memorize the path from just going once. Then again it seemed like there were only two real directions to go in that island, and we were pretty much walking straight.
I cluttered my mind with thoughts that confused even me before we finally made it to the other, emptier side of the island. When we did, I immediately saw why Travis was so hesitant in letting us know what was happening to Rose. It was hard to explain it.
We all rushed over to her. She was inside of a glass box, which was quickly filling up with water, pumping through from a boiler-resembling tank. At first, I didn't even recognize Rose. 
She didn't look so great. She actually looked extremely exhausted, which made me wonder what she'd been put through. She wasn't frantically trying to escape but it's not like she had that much room to move anyway. I guess I just didn't expect Kendall to be so angry that he'd steal her away and put her on an island. I also didn't expect him to dump her on the deserted side of the island in a casket where she was meant to drown.  
Beside her, Clinton was kneeling down and attempting to get the box opened. She looked weary; it worried me. If she gave in any time soon, the water wouldn't even have to fill. She'd drown just by putting her head down to rest. 
"Rose!" Trey yelled as he pushed Clinton away and desperately attempted to break the lock with the sick excuse for a crowbar that Clinton had been using. 
"That's a stick..." Matthew pointed out. We were all huddled around the box. 
"It's all we could find," Clinton said. 
"I'm going to get you out of here," Trey told her, ignoring what the rest of us had to say. "Don't you worry. Just hang in there." 
She opened her mouth but pulled back and said nothing else. She was too tired to even nod at him. "Rosie," said Penelope, kneeling down next to her. "I'm so sorry, Rosie. If I would've just listened to a word you were saying, we wouldn't be in this mess. You'd be already happily strutting in your room about your job acceptance letter and..." 
"It's okay," Rose said extremely weakly. She was wearing a grey blouse with some green-looking shorts; I'm guessing the clothes she had slept in the previous night. I looked out to the sky and realized that it was getting dark and we had no idea what was going on on the other side of the island.
Chapter 23: Lea Remington
"How are we getting her out of this thing?" I asked. 
"I don't know yet..." Trey murmured. "How did that bastard even get the idea to do all of this crap?"
"Movie..." Rose murmured. 
"What?" Travis asked her. She was panting, struggling to even talk so much. It broke my heart to see someone like that. It broke my heart even more to see my brother trying to be strong when he was clearly dying inside with every second that she was. 
"Movie..." she repeated. 
"Oh my gosh!" exclaimed Penelope, rising to her feet. "How did I not realize it before? Rose, you're a genius! Well, duh, but... You know what I mean!" 
"Um, you mind letting the rest of us know what that means?" asked Matthew.
"He got his stupid ideas from movies," said Penelope. "I mean, he's really a psycho already. This just adds icing to the cake." 
"What do you mean from movies?" Darren asked. "The guy's an actual genius just like Rose. He doesn't need movies..." 
"But he does," said Penelope. "And it fits perfectly. Have any of you seen the Scream movies? A serial killer mimics the murders of a movie serial killer because he's a maniac who can't think of his own original ways. It's pretty tacky, when you think of it... It's just like that! This Kendall person has been doing stuff like that because he's psycho and he's tacky! The box thing? Pirates of the Caribbean! It makes sense that he'd choose that movie considering how obsessed he still is with your crew."
Rose nodded at that part. "How did they get the person out in the movie?" asked Travis. 
"Wait, none of you have ever seen those movies?" asked Penelope with a disbelieving, teasing smile. "They're great. When we get out of this mess, you all seriously need to come by my place and watch them because you'll be blown away by how great-" 
"Penelope!" we all shouted. 
"Sorry, sorry," she said. "Um, I'm not the one with the perfect memory here but uh... What did they do...? Oh, right! It's quite simple! They get her out with... uh... A crowbar... I think? Or maybe they didn't even get her out..."
"A crowbar?" asked Matthew. "Where the hell are we supposed to get a crowbar?" 
"Um..." she said. "I think that's how it went... I mean there wasn't really this whole tank thing... And the girl was a mermaid... Wait, am I even thinking of the right movie? I feel like I've got it completely twisted..." 
I sighed. "That's just great," I said. "If only Rose was the one out here, at least we'd be able to get help from the smart one..." I immediately covered my own mouth, shocked by the fact that I'd said that out loud. 
Penelope got up, hurt by my words, and walked away, rushing back into the jungle. "Penelope, wait!" Darren called after her. He got up, too, going to her like a little puppy dog. 
"I didn't mean that..." I murmured when I got the accusing looks from the others. 
"Never mind that," said Trey. "You and I are going to have a lot to talk about, Lea. Especially about what Kendall was saying in that video about you and Matthew." 
I shot Matthew a look, not knowing what that was about. So Kendall had decided to rat us out? How could Mattie not tell me this in advance? 
"I don't know what you're talking about," I told him, looking away to the water, "but I think right now we have bigger fish to fry." 
"Agreed," said Travis. He looked over to the tank that was putting the water into the box and said, "Hey, why don't we destroy this instead?" 
"That's brilliant!" I exclaimed, clapping my hands excitedly. 
"With what?" asked Trey bitterly. "We don't have any tools out here." He was just angry that he hadn't thought up the way to save her first. 
"Well, it's better than standing here arguing while Rose is suffering in there," Travis. 
"Rose!" Matthew suddenly shouted. He knelt down next to her and watched frantically as she started to give in, her poor head slowly falling down to the water. The other guys who had been searching for some sort of sharp shell by the shore came over quickly and we all knelt down, startled. 
"No, no, no," Trey was saying. "Don't give up now. Please don't do this." His eyes were getting watery. Travis looked confused, as if he didn't actually believe it was Rose in there, letting the water cover her more and more every second. More surprisingly, Matthew's eyes seemed to be getting watery. I wasn't surprised by the tears that formed in my eyes and started rolling slowly down my face, but Matthew never cried. Never. And now here he was, his head slightly turned way to hide the fact that he wasn't strong enough to watch Rose die.
Chapter 24: Penelope Callahan
​"Penelope, listen to me!" Darren exclaimed from behind me. I pushed away yet another branch to walk through, letting it slam on his face like I had done four times already.
​ Finally, I turned around and said, "What do you want? Are you going to say Lea wasn't right? Are you going to tell me that it wouldn't have been easier if it were me in that box and Rose was out here coming up with the ideas?"
​"Penelope..." he said. But there was no continuation of whatever sentence he was ready to preach out.
​ "That's what I thought," I said. I turned and started to walk but I stopped, startled. Below me was a disgusting snake, its green, scaly skin making its way toward me.
​"Look, I don't think she was right at all," Darren was blabbering. "I think you're a great girl, Penelope. You're beautiful and despite what they think I know you're pretty smart yourself. I mean, they never made it to college. Other than Travis, I know you're smarter than all of them. I really think you should be there for Rose now. By now the water's probably getting pretty high and-"
​ "Darren..." I murmured. "There's a poisonous snake inching toward me and I'm really freaked out right now. I'm going to count to three and we're going do dash away because at this point it's about to reach me and I'm scared. One..."
​"What?" Darren responded, not making any noise that indicated he was moving.
​"Two..." I continued.
​"Penelope, we can't just-" he was going on.
​ "Three!" I exclaimed. When I turned and saw that he wasn't moving, I grabbed his arm and pulled him away, running as fast as I could through the many trees. Unfortunately, getting away from the stupid snake drove us right onto a couple of goons who I'm pretty sure were not at all pirates. There were three of them and two of us.
"Holy crap," murmured Darren.
"Shh," I hissed, indicating for him to step back slowly. We managed to take cover behind a couple of plants just as one of them was turning around.
"What are we-" he started. I punched his arm and he opened his mouth but held in whatever noise was about to come out. I put my index finger over my lips and nodded over to the brutes, indicating for him to listen.
"-such idiots!" one of them was saying. The other two laughed. He continued, "You'd think they would've thought to look underneath! I don't know why Boss even left the key there for them."
"Maybe he really was in love with the chick," said a second one. I looked at Darren, my eyes wide.
"She was definitely hot," said the first guy.
The third one finally spoke up, "No matter what he's thinking of actually doing with her once they leave her for dead, she was always just his bait. He's after Alexander, who's walking right into his trap."
"Idiots," said the first guy. I tapped Darren's arm and indicated for him to stand up so we could get moving. We both got on our feet and turned silently... Right into two more guys.
"Hi," I whispered to the one guy. "I don't suppose you could let us go without telling anyone."
"Hey, guys," he called out, ignoring me. "Look what we've got here." I turned slightly and found the other three already coming toward us.
"Oh crap..." muttered Darren.
"What do we do?" asked the first guy.
"Kill them," ordered the third guy. The fourth and fifth guys grabbed us as the second one held out a gun in front of us.
He pointed it at me first, then said, "I think it'd be nice to have him watch you die."
"I'd put that down if I were you," called out a voice from my right. I turned to find Cameron there, his own gun in hand, dropping the body of a man he'd apparently been dragging along with him. My hero! Darren looked just as happy to see him there, too, despite everything that had happened.
"Or else what?" said the first guy as he and the third turned to Cameron.
"Or else I'll have to kill you," he said. The goons charged towards him in a way that made me shriek but Cameron dodged them with incredible ability. His dexterity was evident as he swung around them and made two of them crash into each other. The other went towards him but Cameron hit him in the forehead with his gun. The guy that had been pointing the gun at us was so wonder struck that he turned to Cameron in alert, his hands slightly shaking as he pointed the gun at him now. Cameron kicked it out of his hands and then shot him, making me jump back a little. The guys that had been holding us let us go to attack him but they weren't as agile as my Cameron. He beat them to the punch- literally- and knocked them down. To make sure there'd be no surprise recovery, Cameron took a shot at each of them. Just as he was going to shoot the fifth one, the man tried to get up. Cameron stood above him and kept him down with his foot.
"You see that girl right there?" he asked him, pointing at me. "The one you were holding just now? I love her. You just bought your ticket to hell." Bam. Shot him just like that.
We stood there in silence for a moment as Cameron searched each of them for guns, only finding himself with two. As he stood back down from the last body he searched, Darren stepped forward.
"Dude, you're a murderer," he said. "It's cool and it's scary."
"I think it was hot," I said with a smile as I went over to him and hugged him.
He pressed me onto him and then let me go, saying, "Come one, let's get out of here before more of them show up."
"We have to go to Rose!" I exclaimed. "We finally know how to save her!" Cameron nodded.
"I need to find Alexander," he said. He handed Darren one of the guns and said, "We know Penelope can't shoot from when she got Trey in the arm. Protect her if it's the last thing you do." Darren nodded and I reached to Cameron for one last hug. I felt a slight kiss on the forehead right before he let me go and headed off in the opposite direction.
"Let's try to find our way back," said Darren. "And fast."
Chapter 25: Alexander Millar
It was with careful precision and sleuth that I was able to reach his lair without being noticed. Whether by luck or miraculously, I happened to walk directly to the campground they had set out, and I knew Kendall had to be hiding out in the biggest, most ostentatious tent of them all. It looked like a tarp you'd use for a wedding of some sort. Without letting anyone walking around in surveillance see me, I made it inside.
It wasn't as fancy as I'd imagined. He had a bed and a couple of lights and a table full of food, but that was about it. When I walked in, he was facing away from me, looking up at something on the wall.
"What did you do to Rose?" I finally asked. He didn't even budge at the sound of my voice. Repeated the question more assertively and this time he turned and I saw his face was worse than it had looked before.
"I'm sure your friends have found her by now," he said. "Whether alive or not, I don't know." He smiled and the anger inside me caused me to recklessly lunge towards him and tackle him down. He rolled with force and made me be the one pinned down, taking a punch at me. He reached for my gun and tossed it far where I couldn't even try to reach for it.
"Bastard!" I yelled as I allowed my face to sting. "You just couldn't handle the fact that you got the boot and I was made captain." I pushed him off me and pinned him down, taking a punch on his gut.
He let out a grunt and said, "You're never going to understand, are you? I was falsely accused of something!" I punched him once again.
"And what was that, huh?" I asked him.
"Raping Lea," he said, pushing me off. He got up and I did too, charging him onto the table,
"You were never able to own up to the fact that you took advantage of her," I said, smashing his head down on a glass plate that was there.
"Because I didn't," he said. "All I did was catch her with someone else and I was accused of something that belittled me completely." I smashed his head down again. After a couple of seconds, he recovered and came back with as much force as ever, launching both of us onto the floor.
"Who?" I asked him as he got up and kicked me. I grunted loudly just as two gunshots were fired outside.
"Matthew," he said. Just then, I heard another gun be fired and before I knew it, there was blood spilling from Kendall's chest. His shocked face watched me as he fell to the ground. I looked back to find Cameron standing there behind me, a gun in hand. He tossed it to the ground and ran over to me.
"Let's get out of here, Alex," he said."I just eliminated half of their crew so lets not let the others find us." I nodded, still wondering whether or not his words were true. Attempting to shake those thoughts away, I followed Cameron out and focused on getting Rose back home safe and sound.
Chapter 26: Travis Emerson
It was dark and almost impossible for us to see anything past the first set of trees. Penelope and Darren had been off who knows where for about half an hour and we had heard nothing from other crew members. Most importantly, Rose was taking her last breaths.
Trey had been trying to break the water pumper for the longest time and nothing. Rose was really fighting for her life, but sooner or later the box was going to fill and it was already covering her ears.
"Trey," Rose called out for the first time in about ten minutes. He rushed to her side and Matthew took over in trying to smash the pumper with a shell.
"Yeah?" he said, leaning against the glass. He had tried to carefully break the glass, even, but it proved to be too touch unless we wanted to smash Rose with it, too. Getting her out was proving to be nearly impossible.
"Go help them..." Rose murmured. "Please... Leave me..."
Trey's eyes were red as he shook his head. "No way am I leaving you here," he told her. "I need you to stop talking and start getting ready to hold your breath for a really long time. At least until the water pumping breaks the glass and you can be free..."
I gulped and walked over to them. "Her lungs will give out with the pressure of the water," I told him, my voice cracking a bit as I said the words out loud. He turned to me and I thought he might get up and punch me, but we hard a thunder and water started puring down on us just as Rose started coughing. The water was going into her mouth and she was trying to stick her face closer to the glass but it was already too late.
"Rosie, please don't!" I cried out. Matthew and the others immediately ran over. Rose was choking on the water and Matthew started beating the crap out of the glass. Suddenly, Penelope and Darren came running out, ignoring the quickly growing rain, and yelling for us to do something. When they were close enough, I could finally understand them.
"Lift it up!" Penelope yelled while Darren was saying, "The key's underneath her!" Immediately, Trey, Matthew, and I begin lifting the casket. Lea quickly reached underneath and pulled out the key.
"Here," she said, giving it to Matthew as soon as they out the box back down. Trey gave her a look as Matthew took it and quickly unlocked it. We lifted the glass and the water poured out.
Matthew lifted Rose out of the casket and set her down on the sand, away from the water which seemed useless since it was pouring down on us. She wasn't moving so Matthew pushed me towards her and said, "Do that CPR stuff!" With only a quick glance to Trey, I compressed her chest a couple of times, pinched her nose, and lifted up her chin. Then I did my best to put some air into her mouth, repeating this about five times with no response. I checked for a pulse or heartbeat but found nothing. With tears in my eyes, I looked up to find everyone else was the same. I shook my head and expected Trey to go crazy, but it was Matthew who had the freak out. Trey knelt down next to her and squeezed her hand as did Penelope, but Matthew starting kicking the casket and the tank and the sand, until finally he stopped and put a hand over his face. I could tell he was crying and he wasn't going to be strong enough to hide it. Just then, two blurry figures ran out of the trees toward us and we all stood up- with the exception of Trey and Penelope- on guard. After a couple of seconds, we saw it was Cameron, Alexander, and three other guys coming a little further behind.
"What happened?" Alexander asked when he spotted Rose on the ground. He quickly went to her and knelt down, Penelope moving over to give him room. Trey let go of her hand but Alexander immediately took it. He looked up at me and I shook my hand. The solemn look on his face was almost as heartbreaking as seeing the girl I'd been dreaming about lying dead on the ground. He looked back at her just as the rain started settling down. I looked back at the others- Lea comforting Trey, Cameron comforting Penelope, Liam consoling himself and Matthew doing the same.
"Alex..." I heard the softest voice say. We all looked back shocked as Rose slowly opened her eyes. She coughed out water a little and then half-smiled at Alex, who carefully lifted her up and held her in his arms. After a moment's hesitation, Rose out her arms around him, too, and squeezed him tightly. Matthew was staring in disbelief as Alex and Liam helped her up. She turned to Penelope, who rushed towards her and held her in a tight hug.
"I thought you were gone!" Penelope cried.
"So did I..." Rose murmured. She turned to Trey, whose eyes were still red, and walked slowly to hug him. She let go pretty quickly, to my surprise, then was hugged by Lea and Darren at the same time. She turned to me and hugged me, so I tried my bet to give her warmth as the soft rain sprinkled on us. I let her go and she half-smiled at me. Then, she and Matthew walked slowly towards each other and just stood there staring.
"You were dead," he told her slowly. His eyes were no longer wet with tears but you could still see a slight trace of despair in them.
"I'm sorry..." she murmured.
"Either Travis is a really bad doctor," he said, a serious expression on his face, "or you're really just that much of a pain in the ass." He finally smiled, making her smile, too, and took her in his arms, squeezing her tightly. The look in Lea and Trey's eyes was almost identical as they watched the embrace. Alexander cleared his throat and two seconds later they let go of each other.
"What happened to Kendall?" asked Rose as she walked back to the rest of us. Penelope put one arm around her.
"He's dead," said Alexander.
"You killed him?" asked Lea, shocked.
"I did," said Cameron. "There was no way that bastard was going to get away with what he did to Rose. And what he did to the rest of us..."
"Oh thank God he's dead," murmured Lea. "Now we can rest without being tormented by him."
"You know what the last thing he said was?" the captain asked her. She shook her head so he said, "He told me about the night he was kicked out of the ship." He looked at her, then at Matthew, and finally at Rose, before stepping aside with Cameron and telling him something. Lea didn't say a word, nor did Matthew, so all I wondered was what all of that was about. And how the hell did Alex plan for us to recover from losing our ship?
PART THREE- ROSE
Chapter 27: Stranded
"Rosie!" I heard a voice calling out. I slowly opened my eyes to find Penelope approaching me with a coconut in her hand, Darren struggling behind her with so much more in his arms.  
"Thanks for the help, Pen," he told her lightheartedly. I smiled as I began to sit up.  
"How was the nap?" Penelope asked, ignoring Darren's remark.  
"Tiring," I said, yawning loudly.  
"If you wanted to sleep," said a voice from behind me, "you could've gone to the hut." I turned to face Matthew, who was busy taking the wood that Darren had brought for him, and making something with some leaves.  
"It's fine," I told him. "I sleep there practically every night really so one little nap on the sand won't kill me."   
"It would kill me..." murmured Penelope, taking a hand to her belly and rubbing it. Darren half-smiled at her comment then looked at me.  
"You sure you're not the one that's pregnant?" he asked me. "For the past couple of weeks all you ever do is sleep."  
"I'm a virgin," I told him, raising my eyebrows. "Besides, you can't deny a four month belly like Penelope's."  
"What?" asked Darren, looking at Penelope. "I thought you were just a few weeks in. Wow, you really can't tell the difference." Penelope slapped his arm and then rolled her eyes while Matthew and I just laughed. 
"He bullying you?" asked Cameron as he and Alexander joined us under the leaf shade that had been constructed two months earlier.  
"He's calling me fat," Penelope told him.   
"Just Darren being Darren," Cameron replied, leaning down to kiss her lightly on the lips.
"Darren doesn't lie," Darren pointed out.  
"I'm pregnant!" exclaimed Penelope with a laugh.  
"Alex!" I heard Lea cry from a distance. "Food's ready!" She and one of Kendall's men, who had joined us after pretty much everyone else was dead, came rushing through. His name was Wade and he was actually very attractive. He was of Korean descendant but he talked like an American yet he had lived in England. It was simply odd. Even odder was how much time Lea seemed to spend with him since we were first forced to start accommodating ourselves to the island. Penelope told me they were definitely hooking up. She also said she didn't blame her for being attracted to the first different guy she'd met in years.
It had been four months since we'd been stuck here, with no ships, or usable boats. Who knows what Kendall's men had done with whatever modes of transportation they'd used to get on the island but everything was completely gone. Alexander thought it possible that they'd destroyed everything in advance to make it impossible for us to escape, whether they were defeated or not. Even then, he still went as far as to cremate all the bodies and hold a silent memorial for every single lost soul. I thought it the most amazing thing.  
I watched as Liam came over with a giant plate of fried fish, which I hated hating. It was all we had on the island other than fruits and even I was getting tired of coconuts and bananas. The guys occasionally went on a boar hunt but there was little luck in the meat department. With any luck it wouldn't be long before the new ship they'd been working on for months was finished to the point where we could get off the island. The only problem was getting the materials we needed because so far only one half of the ship was complete and we didn't want to end up cutting down all the trees.   
I started humming and watched as everyone dug into the food. Disgusted by the smell, which had been too familiar for the last couple of months, I looked away.  
"You have to puke?" asked Matthew.  
I shook my head. "Not this time," I told him.  
"You really are getting all of Penelope's symptoms," he told me, shaking his head.  
"Lucky me," said Penelope with a smile.  
"Where's Trey?" asked Lea.   
"He was out there looking for some meat Rose could eat," Darren said. "He said he wouldn't go far. Don't worry."   
"You have to eat something," Alex told me, passing me a piece of fish on a leaf. I stared at it and pushed it away gently, afraid I'd make him drop it.   
"No thanks," I told him. I stood up, feeling the little food I'd eaten come back up. I ran to the shore- far away from the others that they hopefully couldn't hear me but could see me- and puked out what was there. When I turned, they were all watching me with worry, Darren standing right behind me.  
I jumped back startled so he said, "Sorry."  
"It's okay," I told him, putting my hand to my chest.  
He stayed silent for a moment so I gave him an expectant look and he finally said, "Are you sure you never had sex with Trey, or um, Travis, maybe?"  
I was getting pretty irritated. "I'm sure," I told him, annoyed. "Believe me, I'm not pregnant. I've never..."
"Got it," he said, nodding. "Sorry I insist... It's just that the others think so and well, you keep throwing everything up and you're always tired and sometimes even moody and um..."  
"I know..." I said. "But maybe it's just my reaction to the new living conditions I'm in, you know. Whatever it is, I can assure you that I'm not expecting a child anytime soon." I gave him a light pat on the arm and then walked away, making my way down the shore by myself. I looked back and saw him start to walk back to the others. I kept walking and didn't stop until they were out of sight. Then, I sat down and let the water soak my feet. I sighed, closing my eyes and lying back on the warm sand. A shadow appeared over me as something blocked the sun. I opened my eyes to find Alexander there, staring at me with his eyebrows raised.  
"What?" I asked.  
He took a seat next to me and sighed, putting his knees as close to his chest as he could.    "Are you going to keep pretending that you haven't been doing horrible since the drowning incident?" he asked.  
"It's not that," I told him, shaking my head. "We're in a deserted island and it's the fall. The cold weather isn't exactly welcoming to me so my immune system has been failing me."  
"Penelope's halfway through a pregnancy and not much has happened to her," he said. 
"Everyone keeps comparing us," I told him, "but nobody understands that her body is much stronger than mine. I've known her for years and she only gets sick once a year while I get sick every other month."  
"But why are you getting sick every single day, Rose?" he asked, sounding genuinely worried.  
"You're all exaggerating," I insisted. "I haven't been that sick."  
"Really?" he asked. "Because I'm pretty sure for the past week you've been throwing up every morning and sleeping too much in the afternoons, and wondering around sleeplessly at night."  
"You keep tabs on me now?" I asked, looking to the horizon. 
"It's my job," he said. "You're a crew member and I have to make sure you're safe and healthy, especially because I didn't do too great of a job in the past."  
"It's okay," I told him like I had so many times before. He saved me after all so the fact that he hadn't kept me safe didn't matter to me. It did, however, matter to Trey. He had been caring for me so much since we'd been stuck here, but not directly. He'd do things such as build things for my comfort and look for food that I can actually eat without throwing up, but he'd always send someone else to ask for things or offer them to me. For whatever reason, he'd hardly spoken to me. I looked back to find Trey walking out of the trees, carrying a little, dead pig. He made eye contact with me and I half-smiled. He returned it and then walked over to the fire, giving the meat to Liam.  
"These health issues wouldn't have anything to do with your emotional issues, would they?" Alexander asked me after following my gaze.  
I turned my attention to him and asked, "What do you mean? I don't have emotional issues."  
"We've all noticed the distance between you and Trey and Travis," he said.  
"Travis?" I asked.  
"Yeah," he told me. "When Trey found out about you and him, Travis felt really bad so now he-"  
"Whoa, whoa," I said. "He what? Trey knows?"  
"Yeah," he said again. "Didn't you know he knew?"  
"No," I said slowly. "Well, that does explain a lot..."  
"So you really haven't talked to either of them at all then?" Alex asked.
"Nope," I said, picking up a handful of sand then letting it slip through my fingers. "At least Darren still talks to me. And even Cameron keeps me company now and then."   
"There's always the girls and Liam," Alexander added. "Everyone here loves and cares about you." 
I looked back at them again, Penelope and Liam laughing while Cameron lifted his arms up as if to say he's innocent. Matthew, who was sharpening a piece of wood, was smiling. He looked over in my direction for a second and then did a double take. When he found me looking at him, he smiled. I smiled back and nodded at him. When he looked away so did I and Alexander gave me a look.  
"What?" I asked him, feeling my face get red.  
"Matthew has warmed up to you, too," he said, looking away and toward the sea.  
"So what?" I asked.  
"So just a couple months ago," started Alexander, "he claimed he hated your guts. And now I always catch him stealing glances at you and asking my permission to do things that would better accommodate you here."  
"Is that weird?" I asked. "You said everyone was worried about me and cared for me. Why not Matthew, too?"  
"He's different than the others, Rose," he told me, shaking his head. "I would know. He doesn't express his emotions openly, nor is he sensitive to how other people are feeling. Yet, when they thought you were dead-"  
"Yeah, Penelope told me," I said. "He was all choked up."   
"Not just choked up, Rose," he told me. "When I got here, he was arguably in a worse state than Penelope. Kicking things out of anger and even crying, unable to hide his anguish. For a guy like Matthew, that's big, Rose."  
I thought about it for a second and said, "So what? What are you trying to tell me?"  
"I don't want you to think I'm being the bad guy here, pushing you away from people," he started, "but I honestly don't think it's such a great idea for you to get too close to Matt."  
"Why?" I asked, turning to look at him.  
"It's not the same as getting close to Trey or Travis or Darren," he told me. "Matt's got a much more different character, the kind that could lead to heartbreak."  
"I'm not having a romance with Matthew," I said, forcefully laughing a little. "Nor am I looking for one." 
"Neither was Lea," he told me.  
"But Lea's was a one-sided infatuation," I pointed out. "Trey told me so."  
"Yeah, well, Trey doesn't know Matt had sex with her," he said, getting up and wiping the sand off before walking off.
Chapter 28: Discomfort
At first, I didn't really believe him, but then it started making sense. After all, didn't Kendall claim the reason behind his getting kicked off the ship was something Matthew and Lea did?
I got up and absentmindedly walked in no specific direction. I passed them just as Alex was joining them, making it into the jungle before I even knew it. I don't know if it was confusion or anger or sadness, but I didn't want to stop rushing through the trees. I kept walking and looking down at my feet until I bumped into another body.
"Hey!" Travis said, a bunch of herbs in his arms.
"Travis, hi," I said, still feeling a bit distracted.
"Is everything okay?" he asked, immediately sensing my discomfort.
"Yeah," I told him, suddenly feeling my eyes sting a bit. 
"You look really mad," he said, taking a step back. "Like you might just hit me..."
I smiled a little and told him, "I wouldn't do that. After all, you're not the one I'm mad at." 
"So you are mad?" he asked. "You want to vent about it? I've got time." I looked into his beautiful, blue eyes and remembered our make out in the plane, quickly trying to shake that away. The only problem was that as soon as I did, the memory was replaced with images of Lea and Matthew, images that I was completely disgusted by and wanted gone.
"No," I said, shaking my head. "I don't want to bother you with stupid problems."
"It's no bother," he insisted. "You listened to me on the plane, remember?"
"Oh, I remember," I told him, the memory returning. "We ended up making out so-" 
"-so only good things can come out of our heart-to-hearts!" he finished for me. 
I laughed and said, "I'm flattered but this isn't even my business bothering me. I don't think I have the right to give up the information I just found out." 
"If that's the case then I understand," Travis said. "But come on, I've got something for you." He signaled me to follow him so I did as he led us back out to the beach. I followed him over to the biggest hut, the one Penelope, Lea, and I usually slept in. I could feel everyone's eyes on us as we entered. I bet it looked pretty suspicious with everyone being perfectly aware of our fling a couple months ago. 
“So what is it?” I asked him once inside.
“Have a seat,” he instructed me. “I have something that may cure your sickness.” 
“Oh no…” I said with a smile. 
He looked me in the eye and said, “Now relax, I’m a doctor.”
I laughed and let him mix some herbs he had gathered together. I watched as he mushed them into a weird ball and handed it to me. “What do I do with it?” I asked. 
“Eat it,” he shrugged. 
“You have no idea what you’re doing, do you?” I asked. 
“Don’t you, Miss Genius?” he asked, nodding at the ball so that I’d eat it.
“I don’t recognize them as anything poisonous,” I told him. I decided I would trust him on this and put the plants in my mouth. There was an immediate flavor released, a very sweet one, followed by spiciness. Too much, too much. I indicated that it was hot, so I ran out of the hut with him running behind me and went to where the others were eating. They watched me as I took Darren’s cup of water and poured it into my mouth. Not finding this to be enough for my tongue to breathe, I took Matthew’s, too.
“What’s the matter?” Matthew asked with a bit of a laugh.
“I gave her a remedy,” Travis said. “Forgot to warn about the spice.”
“What?” I asked him. “You knew?”
“Yeah,” he said. “Sorry, I didn’t know you’d be so sensitive to spicy things.”
“She can’t eat jalapeños,” Penelope said.
That received a collective, “What?”
I rolled my eyes as the flaming flavor in my tongue disappeared. Travis grabbed Matthew’s plate of fish from him. “What is this?” asked Matthew. “Take Matt’s things day? Just because there’s no plank doesn’t mean I can’t punish you for disrespecting the authority of a lieutenant.”
Ignoring him, Travis put the plate to my face. “It should be immediate change,” he told me. “Now get a good whiff of that roasted, delicious thing.” 
“Thanks,” said Liam with a smile. 
 “It’s still disgusting,” I told him, looking up at him.
“It doesn’t make you like it,” he told me. “It just boosts your tolerance for it. So unless you’re Penelope, there should be no throwing up anymore.”
“That’s great!” Lea exclaimed, smiling at me. I tried to smile back but I couldn’t. The thought was in my head. Once you know something, you can’t just un-know it. At least not with my perfect memory which makes it hard for anything to escape my mind.
Chapter 29: Confrontation
You'd think I'd be tired after everything I'd been through. But the truth was, the only thing that tired me was the sun. When each day ended, I felt full of energy, unable to drift into sleep. And this night was no exception.
After biding everyone goodnight and joining Lea and Penelope in the hut, I found myself unable to even keep my eyes closed. I kept looking at the other girls. Penelope lied on my left side, in deep sleep, untroubled. She lied on her left side and I could see that her right hand was placed over her womb. She loved that child so much already, more than she'd ever loved anything else. In my tossing and turning, I hoped I didn't disturb her too much.
Lea was a much different sleeper than Penelope was. She slept on her stomach, for one thing, but it wasn't just that. Penelope always had this smile on her face, but when Lea didn't have her mouth open, she frowned. Sometimes, she herself tossed and turned. Was she also troubled by something? Guilt, maybe, over her disgusting indiscretions?
I rose from the sheets- a bunch of palm leaves and a few sheets found in Kendall's things- and left the hut, angry at myself for resenting Lea so much. I told myself that I was only angry that Trey was in the dark with the whole situation though he trusted them both, along with Alex and maybe even me still. I tried to believe that it was all of us I was mad at for not telling him the truth. But there was something else, something I wasn't willing to think about any further, in fear of what it might be.
I thought more about my insomnia instead. Maybe it was time I told someone the truth: I couldn't sleep because when I closed my eyes long enough, I thought about everything I'd been through and felt horrified. I'd never had nightmares when I was younger but now I had them frequently. Could I possibly be any more pathetic?
I was pacing down the sand when I heard a noise from the jungle. I knew that it was a stupid move to go into the darkness but soon I heard voices and curiosity incited me to follow them. When I got closer, I identified the speakers as Alexander and Matthew. I heard their approach and in a panic, hid behind a tree. I was sure they couldn't see me and there wasn't enough moonlight for me to cast a shadow, so I tried my best to control my breathing and avoid being discovered. Then I listened.
"If we start tomorrow," Matthew was saying, "I'm sure that we will have three-fourths of the island completely surveyed."
"We haven't explored the back side of the island yet," said Alexander. "The whole time we've been here, we've only bothered to stay here and in the east and west sides."
"Which is foolish if you ask me," Matthew responded. "It could be much more vast than we originally calculated it to be. Travis thinks there could be a whole other section past what we imagined to be the southern edge. There could be so much awaiting, like new resources and better conditions for building."
"What if there is?" Alex questioned him. "Won't do us any good to settle in there or here anymore than we already have. It's not fair to everyone else to tie them down here more and more with every new accommodation we build. They want to go home."
"Home?" Matthew asked. "Alex, they don't have homes. Only home they knew was bombed down, remember? None of them have anywhere else they could be, reason they joined us in the first place." There was a long pause, followed by a sigh. I was sure it was Alexander, as I had heard it plenty of times before it.
I was thinking there would be no more when Matthew suddenly spoke again. "Oh," he began. "I get it. This is about her."
"Don't you feel at all guilty about it?" Alexander asked.
"Not again..." Matthew murmured. "I get it, Alex. She has a home. So what? You really think she wants to go back that badly? She's fine. She'll suck it up. Who cares?"
"I care!" Alex exclaimed angrily. "Matt, listen to yourself! Do you really not care about her at all?" There was no answer, making it feel like my heart had sunk down to the bottom of my stomach. Then Alex continued, "You know what? It's probably better that way." I heard a couple more steps.
"What's that supposed to mean?" asked Matt. I heard a few more steps and when I peeked over I saw that they were getting closer to the beach.
"Just that you're no good for her," said Alex. "She's better off without you caring about her."
"And what, you're great for her?" asked Matt, now shouting. "Trey brought her to us, Travis confused her and made her life more difficult, and you almost had her killed!" I heard a loud thump and looked over. Alexander had thrown himself onto Matthew and they were now fighting on the ground. I got up and ran over but they were too busy fighting to notice. They were calling each other names and when I reached them and tried to make them stop they didn't even seem to hear. Luckily, Cameron, and Travis all ran over- Penelope just stood outside the hut- and the guys separated the two.
As Travis held back Matthew, the latter said, "You know it, and I know it, and everyone knows it, Alex. We're just some Robin Hood wannabe pirates who do nothing but screw up other people's lives. Well look at us now? We've got nothing. And you know we can't get out of here. So how about you stop lying and giving everyone false hope? We're all damn screwed." Matthew loosened Travis' grip on him and walked past all of us to the shore. He threw a rock into the water angrily and then took a seat on the sand.
"Come on, babe," Cameron told Penelope. "Go to bed, okay?" Penelope watched me with worried eyes but nodded to Cameron and headed inside the hut. Cameron took his position on the sand, too, and closed his eyes. Travis nodded at Alex and me and then headed back to his own hut. I gave Alex a glance and he looked sad as he met my gaze, but didn't say a word before heading into his hut.
When did everything become so messed up? I looked over at Matt and decided it was time to talk to him myself. I walked over to the shore and took a seat next to him, though the cold, damp sand sent chills through my entire body.
"How much did you hear?" he asked without looking at me.
"Enough," I said. Then I quickly added, "I didn't mean to. I just... I just did."
"Well what are you thinking?" he asked.
"Me?" I responded. "You're the one that just got in a fist fight with your best friend. I should be the one asking you."
"Rose..." he sighed. "I didn't mean those things I said, those about you at least. I know everyone here cares about you and will do anything to protect you. And that includes me."
"Really."
"Yes," he said. "I know it sounded like I was serious with Alex over there but I just needed to tell him what he's been wanting to hear since we've been here."
"Since we've been here?" I asked.
"Yeah," said Matthew. "We've been through that conversation plenty of times before and it's always the same questions: what are my intentions with you, am I just toying around with you, blah, blah, blah. I finally gave him an answer by not answering and I think that's what he needed to hear to put his state of mind at rest. I don't toy around with women, despite what he chooses to believe."
I laughed. "What about Lea?"
"There's nothing between Lea and me," he said. "She just had a crush on me, that's all."
"Matt, you slept with her," I said, angry that he would lie. "How is that nothing?"
I must have caught him off guard because he said, "Rosalie, that's... I never... Why would..." The usually quick-thinking Matthew was having a hard timing coming up with something to say.
"I guess this proves it right," I said, shaking my head. "I should've known better than to think for just a second that it was all made up."
"How did you-" he started. "Better yet, why do you care? It doesn't matter."
"Really?" I asked, mad. "It's not just something that I can push aside, Matt. Every time I look at either of you, all I can see is that."
"You're not..." he started. "Are you jealous, Rose?"
I could see a hint of a smile forming in the corner of his mouth and punched his arm. I stood up and so did he. "You are unbelievable!" I responded in what was probably too loud a voice.
"You are jealous!" he replied. "You like me! Even just a little! Admit it. You can't get me out of your head, can you?"
"You know what?" I said. "I could never have any romantic or even remotely positive feelings towards you. You are a narcissistic, egotistic, sadistic-"
"Sadistic?"
"-pig with no consideration for anyone but yourself," I finished.
"Calm down," he urged me, looking around. Then he whispered, "What happened with Lea was one mistake. Meaningless sex that doesn't-"
"Meaningless?" I asked. "How about we ask Lea if she agrees? Or how about Trey? You think to him it won't mean anything?"
"You can't tell him," he said, his expression serious for once.
"Watch me," I said, walking towards the huts. He grabbed my arm and pulled me back to him.
"You wouldn't," he said. "You shouldn't."
"Why not?" I asked him. "I'm sick and tired of him being left in the dark. He deserves some honesty for once." He let me go and I walked away from him, but not towards Trey. Instead, I went back to my hut and tried to go to sleep. Surprisingly, for the first time, I was able to get right to sleep.
Chapter 30: Memory
The next ffew days were awkward. Everyone had heard the confrontation between Alexander and Matthew, which only added to the tension that the Trey-Rose-Travis love triangle had already built up. After about a week, when nothing had eased down, so I tried to keep to myself, away from all of the silence in my own quietness.
"You okay?" Penelope asked, approaching me as I strolled down the shore.
"Fine," I said. "Why?"
"You've just been so..." she started. "Isolated."
"I'm fine," I repeated.
"Okay," she said. After a moment of silence she said, "So I've been thinking a lot about baby names and I think I've narrowed it down to the best choices. And yes, I did take Cameron's opinions into consideration."
"Let's hear them," I said with a smile on my face.
"If we have a boy," she began, "we want to name him Ethan Alexandher. That's Alexand-her. To separate him from the dear captain." She giggled and my smile spread. "And if we have a girl, Carmen Rosalea. That's Rosalie and Lea." My eyes stung a bit and I felt I might cry. "And we each wanted our closest friends to be the godparents so..." She carefully got on her knees, struggling to maintain balance, took my hand, and said, "Will you be my baby's godmother?"
I laughed and exclaimed, "Why of course I will!" I helped her up and asked, "Who are you asking to be the godfather?"
"Darren," she said. I nodded. "Unless..."
"What?"
"Would you mind if it were Trey instead?" she asked me.
"Pen..." I murmured. "I... Of course I wouldn't mind."
"How are things between you two?" she asked me.
"Practically non-existent," I told her.
"Well, look at the bright side," she noted. "You have two sexy guys who are head over heels for you you. And I'm pretty sure there's a third one who has already fallen in love."
"Who, Darren?" I asked, confused.
"No, hon," she said. "That ship has sailed. He's moved on... I meant... Matthew."
I said nothing for a few seconds. "I..."
"Oh my..." Penelope said. "Are you in love with him?"
"No, it's not that," I said. "It's just... I found out from Alex that Matthew and Lea... Had coitus."
Penelope snorted, trying hard not to laugh. "Coitus? Did you really just say that?"
"Copulated," I said instead. "I, um, I don't know what to... They had sex, ok? That's the point. And Trey has no clue. I confronted Matt about it but... He just thinks Alex is trying to make trouble between us so it's no use talking to either of them and why are you smiling at me like that?"
"You think Alex is in love with you, too?" she asked. "I mean, it would make sense. How romantic would that be? Four guys, all to-die-for, all in love with you?"
I sighed. "All I know is life would've been so much easier if I were a lesbian," I said. She laughed.
"You know," she replied, "it's actually been quite some time since we were last able to talk like this.
"It's been around forty-seven days," I informed her.
"You and your memory!" she exclaimed.
We laughed, and once it died out, I asked, "You think we're going to be fine here, Penelope?"
"Yeah," she responded immediately, reaching for my hand. "We're going to be just fine."
Chapter 31: Division
We didn't stay on the beach for too long. We were in the hottest time of the year, at the hottest part of the world. It was too hot to stay out of the shade for too long.
As we walked back to our small community, we heard the distant sound of an argument, which seemed all too familiar. We walked in on yet another captain-lieutenant fight.
"You can't do this," Alexander was saying, looking as though he was struggling to establish his authority to a defiant Matthew.
"Can't you see?" he asked him in response. "It's the only way we can be at peace while on the island. The ship will take a few more months to complete to the point where it's safe. We will contribute what we can, but we won't take orders from you."
"What's going on?" I spoke up. Everyone turned to Penelope and me and finally noticed that we were there.
"He wants to take the others to the unexplored part of the island to make their own-" Alexander began.
"You can't!" I shrieked, my voice cracking awkwardly. I meant to sound strong but instead I sounded like a bird who was strangled in the middle of its song.
"I've already made my choice, Rose," Matthew told me. "I'm going. And anyone who wants to go is free to join me."
"You can't take anyone," declared Alexander. "If you have a death wish, then so be it, but I will not allow you to drag my crew down with you."
"We can defend ourselves," said Matthew, walking across to the trees and turning back to face us. He looked around as he asked, "Who's with me?" At first, nobody moved and nobody spoke. Alexander's eyes were on Matthew, no emotion clear on his expression. Matthew tried to hide his disappointment. He looked back at me, surprising me, and then looked down at his feet when I didn't budge. Just when he looked ready to walk away on his own, Darren took a step forward and joined him.
"Darren..." murmured Penelope. I glanced at her disappointed face and pitied her for a moment. I knew Darren leaving us would make her actually consider going, as well, and of course that was tough. After Darren, a few more followed. Gunther. Hal. Ignacio. Paul. Dixon. Barney. Westley. Lockwood. Carlos. Alhmad. Nicko. We were down to almost half of the group on our side. And finally, the sting to my heart. Trey.
"Brother, you can't!" cried out Lea. He looked at her apologetically as he joined the rogues. Then he met my gaze and for once he actually kept eye contact. He didn't look away or look down or whatever. He just stared me down with his beautiful blue eyes until Lea and Wade moved over to their side. We were down to just Alexander, Cameron, Travis, Liam, Walter, Edward, Oliver, Penelope, and me. Sixteen for them, nine for us. Shit.
"If there's no one else joining us," Matthew said, "we'll just be leaving now." We watched in silence as they all disappeared, walking solemnly into the jungle.
"At least they didn't take all our things," said Travis.
"That's not good," said Alexander. "They're just going to struggle."
"Are we going to struggle more?" Penelope asked.
"We'll be alright," he told her. "Just a lot more lonely." We all sat down on the sand, nobody making eye contact as we waited for someone to come back. Anyone. But no one ever did. And after a few hours of waiting, we figured nobody ever would.
"Enough waiting around," I said, finally getting off the ground.
"Rose-" Travis started.
"Save it," I stopped him. "We can't just sit here and expect them to come back. We have to keep going. They want to settle down. We want to leave. So if we want to get anything done, we have to dedicate all our efforts into finishing that ship."
"She's right," Alexander agreed. "We owe it to each other to get the hell out."
I put my hand out and said, "To getting the hell off this island."
Slowly, everyone piled their hands over mine. "To getting the hell off this island!" they all yelled. We split up and everyone got to work. Travis stayed behind, however, and asked me to step aside with him.
"I was kind of surprised you didn't leave, too," he told me.
"Why?" I asked.
"I don't know," he explained. "I guess I expected you to chase after Trey, or Darren, or Matthew, or... Someone. I didn't expect you to be here instead. But I'm glad you are."
"You know what I haven't been able to figure out?" I told him.
"Something the genius can't decipher?" he mused. "I'm intrigued already. Let's hear it."
I smiled, blushing. "I haven't been able to explain to myself," I started, "why you continue to be so kind to me despite everything that has happened. The back and forth with you and Trey. All the rumors about Darren and Alex and even Matthew now... Yet, unlike all of them, you never snapped at me. You never ignored me. You never left me stranded. Why?"
"That's because," he answered, taking both of my hands in his, "I think you're a beautiful, intelligent woman who is hard to come by. And no matter what happens, being mad is not worth the risk of letting you get away. Maybe now that the others are gone...?" I blushed. Through my peripheral vision I spotted Alex walking by and instantly pulled my hands back.
"That's really sweet, Travis," I said. "But please understand that I am really in no position to accept you in that way. Or anyone, for that matter. My focus is on getting off this island and only that. I don't give up on my goals. Ever."
"Don't you remember how similar we are, Rose?" he asked. "I never give up either." He winked and smirked, walking away in such a sexy matter that I was reminded of our rendezvous on the plane. I blushed and repeated his words inside my head. Then I hoped that the next few months would go by fast so that I wouldn't have to endure the torture of being in love with multiple guys.
###
You have reached the end of the novel. To contact the author, try any of the following:
Twitter.com/NickiArias
Wattpad.com/user/arias3
Thank you!
