Ruthless

By
Tory Richards

Smashwords Edition

Copyright © 2018 Tory Richards
All Rights Reserved.
Published by Tory Richards

Tory Richards: http://www.toryrichards.com
Email: toryrichards60@gmail.com


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.


All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.


Editor: Alisha Corsi
Cover Artist: Madelene Martin


‘Author’s note: All characters depicted in this work of fiction are 18 years of age or older.’




Chapter 1

Rebel


Past  

"Prove your fuckin' loyalty to me. Fuck her."
I'd known it was coming. I'd heard about the sick and twisted initiation ritual that Wildman required in order to get into his MC. But did the girl have to be so fucking young? He pushed her into the room, where she stumbled to a halt next to the bed. My eyes took her in, beginning with her long, ratty hair, which was hanging down into her face. She was a tiny thing--well, short anyway--but the shape of her was all woman, at least what I could see outlined by her dirty clothes. They were a little baggie, as if they weren't hers. With her head bent, it was hard to see her face and eyes.
I knew he wouldn't care, but I said it anyway. "I don't do minors." 
I glared up at Wildman where he stood sneering in the doorway, schooling my expression not to reveal the revulsion that was swimming around like acid in my gut. He was a sick fuck. I'd known what I was getting into when I'd taken the undercover assignment for my MC, Dark Menace, but that didn't mean that I had to like it. If I wanted in all the way, I'd have to do what Wildman demanded.
"She's legal," he snapped back.
My gaze snapped to the girl. I was certain that she had to be underage, she didn't look sixteen. "Are you?" I demanded gruffly, causing her to jump. The slightest nod of her head was my answer. Christ, I didn't want to do this. "It might take me a little while to get it up again." I gave him a smirk, pulling back the covers to show him the club whore sleeping beneath the sheet next to me. In truth, she hadn't done much to stimulate my libido. I’d let her blow me, and then had promptly fallen asleep. But for appearance’s sake, I had to play the game. 
Wildman's eyes narrowed on the naked woman in my bed. "I don't give a fuck how long it takes, just as long as you know what you have to do. This bitch comes out of this room a virgin and you're both dead, and don't think we're not gonna check. That means there better be some fucking blood on your sheets when it's over. There better be blood and jizz on her thighs, and blood on your dick. If I'm not satisfied with the results, I’ll let my men pull a train on her before we kill you both."
Jesus, the man was a sadistic freak, and so were the men who followed him. All of the things that I'd heard about him were true, and I was stuck here at his mercy. The girl hadn't moved or shown any reaction to Wildman's words, but I was sure that she had to be terrified. Still, I had a job to do, and part of it was to be just as dirty and malicious as he was.
"I didn't sign up for this shit," I began, indifferent to the pissed-off look that was spreading across Wildman's face. "You think I fucking care if your men pull a train on her?" I snarled. The girl's head moved, and I knew that she was looking at me through the curtain of her hair. "You bring a dirty little bitch in here and expect me to fuck her? I have standards." I knew that I was pushing him, but a man like Wildman would expect some push back. I'd learned early on that he liked putting his brothers in their place; he liked the power it gave him. I'd tested him more than once, still trying to figure out how far I could go before it was too far.
With him you never knew. He was unpredictable, and he never reacted to the same type of situation in the same way. That's what made him dangerous.
Just as I’d expected, Wildman threw back his head and roared with the mad kind of laughter one might hear in an asylum, but there was little humor in his eyes when he put them back on me. I felt the woman next to me stir, but I ignored her, knowing that only a fool would take their eyes off Wildman. I'd seen him attack a man when he'd least expected it.
"So give her a shower before you fuck her, I don't give a shit. But until you bloody that little virgin pussy, your place in the Red Devils stays on the table." He pulled the door shut on his way out.
Sick fuck. I couldn't wait for my club to end him. If Stone didn't do it, I would, and with fucking pleasure. 
"Baby?" 
I felt a hand moving under the sheet, and the next thing I knew, the club whore that had been sleeping in the bed was groping my dick and balls. She was apparently oblivious to what had just occurred, still hung over. I could smell the stench of her sour breath. I pulled the covers back, took her hand, and threw it back at her, then left the bed. "Get the fuck out."
The girl that Wildman had brought in hadn't moved from her spot. I went to her and pushed back the curtain of flaxen hair that covered her face. She kept her eyes lowered as I took in her delicate features, noting the bruises, and the blood at the corner of her lip. Even through the abuse I could see how stunningly beautiful she was, all over, but it was her full, Angelina Jolie lips that caused my dick to take notice.
"Look at me," I demanded softly, keeping my hands on either side of her face where I held her hair. When she ignored me, I gave her a little shake. Finally, she raised her gaze to mine, and a pair of the brightest, bluest eyes I'd ever seen looked into mine. "How old are you?" There was no way that she was legal.
She swallowed before answering, "Twenty-one." Her voice was so small that I had a hard time hearing her.
There was no fucking way! I narrowed my eyes, searching for the truth. "And you're still a virgin?" I had a hard time believing that a woman who looked like her hadn't been touched. She nodded, and I gave her a little shake. "I want the words when I ask you a question."
"Y-yes!" she responded, her bottom lip trembling.
"Who the hell are you?" I scowled. 
She wet her lips before replying softly, "Ginger Pruitt."
I snorted. I could care less about last names. "How did you come to be here?" I didn’t know what the fuck I was doing when I should have just fucked her and got on with the program. My job had been to infiltrate the Red Devils, which I'd done. Now I had to go through Wildman's sick demands to stay in the club, or weeks of shit-work would all be for nothing. Stone would not be happy if I screwed this up now. Hell, more than just Dark Menace wanted the Red Devils gone.
"Answer me!" I knew that I shouldn't care, but my gut told me that she wasn't a hang around or any other kind of MC groupie looking to take a walk on the wild side. The fact that she'd been abused led me to believe that she'd been taken against her will.
"I was walking home from work when two men in a van forced me to get inside. I-I fought them." My lips quirked at that, and then she surprised me by adding with sudden grit, "I'm going to fight you, too." 
I laughed gruffly and turned toward the bed, only to see that the whore had fallen back to sleep. I stared down at her for a minute, taking in her snarly blonde hair and black roots, and the smear of makeup surrounding her eyes and lips. She wasn't as attractive this morning as she'd been the night before, after I'd downed a bottle of whiskey. In fact, she was drooling. Her ass was nicer than her tits--I never had liked the things women did to them when they added too much of that silicone shit.
I reached for my jeans and gave the snoring woman a hard slap on the ass. She jumped awake, bitching and scowling, her hand flying back to the abused area. "Get out!"
"What the fuck!" She left the bed mumbling. "You said you were going to do me this morning."
I snorted, slipping into my pants. Do her nasty snatch? I'd seen her fucking several brothers before she’d come with me to my room. I’d gotten what I'd wanted. "Why would I do you when I can have this fresh little virgin?" I zipped up my pants, but left the snap undone.
The whore, who'd been in the process of searching for the only piece of clothing she'd been wearing the night before--a thong--stopped to look up. Her gaze ran over Ginger with disdain. She half laughed, half snorted. "I was her once. Wildman's initiation, right?" She giggled like a mad woman, finally locating her thong. "He makes all his men do it." She walked around the bed and stopped in front of Ginger. "A word of advice, honey: when it's over, you'll be given a choice--become a club whore, or go home." She snorted before continuing. "It’s a stupid choice. They want you to say that you want to go home so they have a reason to pull a train on you and then kill you."
They could do that anyway, I thought.
She left my room stark naked. Ginger's gaze came back to me, and I could see the horror in her eyes. I had no doubt that what the whore had said was true. 
"What is a train?"
Her innocence was starting to piss me off. She shouldn't be there. She shouldn't have put herself in a situation where she could be snatched up off the street. Christ, she wasn't a kid. She should have been protecting herself better. As far as I was concerned, it was her fault that she was in this mess. "A train is where all the men in the club line up and take turns fucking you." With each word, her eyes grew bigger.
"All of them?" 
I could see her mind working as if she was trying to figure out how many men that might be. She wouldn't survive it. There were too many of them, and they were ruthless, cruel bastards. She'd be ripped apart and would probably die on the table. Jesus, this whole fucking mess was starting to get to me. I was in a one percent MC, and we did shit for the club in order to survive and to take care of our families. We didn't involve innocents or civilians just for the thrill of it. This whole club, and everyone in it, needed to die.
When I saw tears fill her blue eyes, I lost patience. "For fuck’s sake, don't start crying! It won't solve anything." I knew I was being insensitive, but if she was going to survive this she needed to suck it up, and I didn't know how she was going to do that if I coddled her. It was a fact that anger had a way of turning weakness into strength, frustration into determination, and fear into perseverance.
I knew what I had to do, and by the time I was done with little miss innocent Ginger she was going to hate me enough to survive. 





Chapter 2

Ginger


Present 

God, I was tired. Five straight days of working a double shift were taking a toll on my sleep deprived brain, and my body was holding up little better than that. I should have remembered what Bike Week had been like last year and moved on before this one. But the tips were more than worth it in the end. I was finally able to get ahead on the bills and actually squirrel away some decent money. I thought about the coffee can in my cupboard and the roll of bills that was hidden beneath the grains of coffee. 
The truth was that I was tired of moving on. I liked the area, I liked being near the beach, and for the first time in years I felt that I may have finally found a place that I could put down roots. After three years of being on what I considered to be the run, looking behind my back, always afraid that one of Wildman's Devils would catch up to me, nothing had happened. But I was still afraid that the moment I let my guard down would be the moment that danger would strike.
"Just two more hours," Della said in an exhausted voice, all but collapsing onto the bar. She'd been working right alongside me all week. One of the first people I'd met when arriving in Daytona Beach, we'd become fast and best friends. We lived in the same shitty apartment complex. She put a hand at the small of her back and arched with a loud groan. "I'm getting too old for this," she joked.
I laughed, because we were only twenty-four, but I could sympathize with her. At the moment I felt twice that. "I suggest that once this week is over we treat ourselves to a spa day."
"I like your way of thinking," she groaned.
I frowned, giving her a curious look. Her color seemed a little off, and I'd noticed that as the evening had gone on her usual pep had waned. "Are you feeling okay, honey? You look a little pale."
She shrugged, brushing it off. "Probably just overtired."
That was probably true.
"Smiles, girls!" We both rolled our eyes and pasted on our fake smiles for Vinny, the owner of Pirate's Cove. Thank God he wasn't out front very often and stayed in his back office. He insisted that we keep smiles on our faces for the customers. As if they cared if we were smiling or not. All they wanted was fast service and the chance to cop a feel without getting shot down. 
"I can't stand that jerk," Della snarled in a low tone. "’Smiles, girls,’" she mimicked.
I knew that she didn't mean it. Vinny was a decent boss, it's just that we were so tired and cranky with the grueling schedule we kept, and he seemed blissfully oblivious, which came off as being insensitive. More than once I'd wished that we could slap a pair of stilettos on his oversized, caveman-like feet and make him work an eight-hour shift in them.
I immediately looked around to make sure that Della hadn't been heard, though. The only eavesdropper that we really had to worry about was Vinny's girlfriend, Stevie, who also happened to be one of the bartenders that were working that night. But a quick glance revealed that she was busy at the furthest end of the bar filling drink orders. The place was packed, as usual, and it didn't show any signs of emptying out as it grew closer to quitting time. It was a bad sign when Vinny showed up out front before closing and he saw how full the bar was. He was money-hungry, and we were waiting for the day when he insisted that we stay open until the last customer left.
"Damn." I saw a hand go up at one of my fuller tables where a biker club from Georgia, and their women, were seated.  Thank God they were staying at the hotel across the street and wouldn’t be driving after they left. They were drunk and rowdy and had kept me hopping. 
"Want me to help you, honey?" Della asked with a genuine smile.
I shook my head. "No, you need a break too, enjoy it." I made my way to their table in a kind of dance-like series of moves between tables, chairs, and dancers. I was laughing at myself by the time I reached them. "What can I get ya'll?" I prepared myself for the rapid-fire orders that I knew from experience were coming. But to my surprise, it suddenly got quiet.
"Nothing, sweetheart," one of the men said with a grin, catching me by surprise. "We've kept you dancing all night and you done good. You deserve this."
I looked down at the bills that he was holding out, certain that sheer exhaustion was causing me to see triple. I blinked and refocused my eyes on his hand. Nope. Still there. Three one hundred dollar bills. My gaze flew up to his, and then gradually moved around the table, taking in all the smiles. I felt the burn of tears in my eyes and clenched my teeth to hold them back. 
One of the women that were closest to me grabbed the money out of his hand and then turned to me. "Take it. I do what you do back home, so we know how hard you work, especially during events."
I took the money from her slowly. "I . . . I . . . thank you so much!" I'd never gotten a tip so big, and was suddenly feeling overwhelmed. It had to be because I was so freaking tired. I took a deep breath, and quickly wiped at the tear threatening to spill. 
"We'll be leaving now. Maybe we'll see you next year when we return." As their president, according to the patch on his cut, scooted back his chair, the others followed.
"You just might," I responded, stepping back with a smile. "I hope ya'll have a safe trip home."
My good wishes were met with murmurs and nods, and I watched them leave. Once we’d exchanged the last wave as they plowed through the door to the outside, I swung around to go back to the bar. I tucked the money into my pocket.
"Baby, you g-get that kind of mon-money from m-me, you better get d-down on your kne-knees."
Talk about a glass of cold water in the face!
I was halted by the feel of a hand curling around my arm. Gasping at his crudeness, I glanced down into the man's face. His red, droopy eyes revealed that he was beyond drunk. His friends were all laughing at his comment, but I didn't find a thing funny about it. I'd had enough of sloppy drunks that week, and I was at the end of my tolerance. "Why, did you drop it on the floor?" I glanced down as if that were a possibility.
He threw his head back and snorted, along with his inebriated friends. They were part of the usual weekend crowd who frequented the bar so I'd seen them around before. "No, it's in-in my pants!" He leaned back in his chair and thrust his hips up suggestively.
I glanced at the bar, watching Della shake her head and roll her eyes at me. She realized that I was about to let him have it and was reminding me in her way not to get myself into trouble. I reined in the urge to pick up the guy's half-empty beer and dump it over his head. I looked at his crotch, then back up to his cloudy eyes. "It can't be in your pants," I smiled, pulling my arm away. "The bulge is too tiny."
His face instantly turned red, scrunching up with anger as a chorus of laughter and gaffs erupted around us. His friends weren't the only ones who'd overheard our conversation. I swung back toward Della, shooting her a wink.
I began weaving my way back to the bar when another patron at one of my tables stopped me. "Could we get another pitcher of beer, doll?" It was a table of four bikers, their cuts turned inside out to hide their club patches. I'd noticed that a few clubs were doing that this year, as many establishments had banned the wearing of colors in order to avoid confrontations between battling clubs. 
I smiled down into his friendly brown eyes and full-bearded face. "Sure, be right back." I felt the eyes of all four bikers on me as I walked away. 
"Guess you put that jerk in his place," Della chuckled when I reached her at the bar. "Good girl!" She picked up the circular tray of drinks that Stevie had just set down and rushed off. 
"Pitcher of beer, Stevie!" I called after her.
Lola, one of the younger waitresses we worked with, took Della's place at the bar. "I swear if that prick pinches my ass one more time, I'm gonna snatch off his rug and throw it across the room!" She was royally pissed. "My boyfriend's getting tired of me coming home with bruises."
Boyfriend? That was news to me. She wasn't shy about flirting with some of the guys, and even disappearing with them on occasion. I guess she only had a boyfriend when it came in handy. I couldn't blame her for being pissed, though. We'd all had to put up with the occasional slap on the ass and a grope here and there, but it made for good tips. Unfortunately, some customers got overzealous when they'd had too much to drink, or used that as an excuse for their bad behavior. When we complained to Vinny about them he just brushed it off and said that it was par for the course, and to think about the tips that we got as a result. 
So why work in a job where daily abuse was 'par for the course'? We all had our own reasons. I was running, and picking up waitressing jobs was the best, and sometimes only, option when you hopped from town to town. Getting an education in order to do something better wouldn't have been worth it for me, because I didn't have time to spend searching for jobs and doing interviews. When I hit a new location I usually needed a job immediately. Sure, I had a little money saved up, but I pretended that it didn't exist so that I wouldn't rely on it. Besides, it belonged to someone else.
Why was I running? I was running from the Red Devils motorcycle club and their sadistic president, Wildman. They'd held me captive for a while after kidnapping me right off the street. Then I'd been forced to participate in a sick, twisted initiation ritual with one of their new members.
Rebel. 
I tried not to think about him, but from the second he'd forced me to peer into his eyes I'd felt trapped, mesmerized by a ruthless outlaw who was too sexy for words. He'd been forced to take my virginity, and then had done all that he could to get me out of there. 
I wondered where he was today, if he was even still alive. Much later I'd heard rumors that the Red Devils had been killed off, but I'd been too frightened to believe it. So I now lived my life always looking over my shoulder and waiting for the day that one of them showed up to take me back to them. I shuddered.
"You okay, honey?" Lola asked, seeing my shiver.
I forced a smile and nodded. "Want me to take your pincher?" I asked just as Stevie came over and dropped off the pitcher of beer I'd ordered.
Lola smiled tiredly and I knew what her answer was going to be before she said it. None of us liked giving up a table, because you never knew what kind of tip you'd get. 
"No, thanks. We'll be closing soon."
I picked up the pitcher and headed back to the biker's table, the ever-present smile pasted onto my face. "Here ya go." I set the pitcher down in the center of the table. "We'll be closing soon."
"Yeah, this is our last pitcher, doll. We'll be out of your hair in a minute," said the man who seemed to be the spokesman for the table.
I had no doubts. I'd never seen a pitcher of beer disappear as fast as they did at their table. They'd had several of our large pitchers, the evidence of which was still on the table. They hadn't wanted me to remove the pitchers when they were empty, I supposed because they were keeping track. I thought to myself that their legs must be hollow, because none of them seemed overly drunk. 
As it grew closer to two o'clock, the place began to clear out. Thank, God! I was surprised to see Stevie begin turning off the neon signs in the windows, an obvious deterrent to keep people from coming in for that last drink. Most locals knew that when the lights were out, the place was closing up or was already closed. Stevie must be feeling the week's punishing schedule, too, I thought.  I'd noticed that she'd slipped off her usual stilettos and was wearing a pair of flats. I        wished that we were allowed that small concession.
Most of the tables in my section were empty, so I began wiping them down and flipping the chairs on top so that the floor would be easier to sweep. I happened to glance up toward Della's area to see that she was just as busy as I, as were Lola and Carrie. We were all so exhausted, although you never would have known it from the speed and enthusiasm we were exerting as we cleaned our sections. The clock was winding down, and the thought of kicking off our ridiculous heels and putting up our aching feet was a strong incentive to get done fast. 
I made my way toward Della. At some point we all began working together, crossing over into each other’s zones in order to get done as quickly as possible. Eventually the remaining customers got the hint, paid up their tabs, and left. 
"God, I think you're right, I might be getting sick. I suddenly feel awful."
I looked up from the table that I was cleaning, frowning. Della did look awful. There wasn't an ounce of color in her face now. "I knew it!" I said with concern. "You look pale."
She flopped down into a chair. "I feel nauseous." There was surprise in her tone. Her arm came up and she placed a hand over her tummy. "It just suddenly came on."
God, she was beginning to look green, as if she might throw up. "You better go home while you can still drive," I said. "Before you get worse."
She tried to smile. "Thanks." Then she groaned. "Whatever it is, it's hitting me fast." 
"Go!" I encouraged with concern. "I can finish up your section. No problem."
She shook her head. "I'm not going to leave you stranded, I can hold out another half hour." I hadn't forgotten that she was the one with the car.
"I'm sure that I can bum a ride from one of the others," I insisted. "Now please go home! I'll check in on you when I get there."
She glanced up at me with sweat beading on her brow. "Honey‒"
"Go!" I insisted, pulling her to her feet. "Don't worry about me. Get home and into bed." I walked her to the back door and outside to where her car was parked. "Besides," I smiled down at her pale face, "I like you owing me."
She made a pitiful attempt to laugh, but then gagged and slapped her hand across her mouth. Before we even reached her car she had to stop and retch. I jumped back as far as I could without letting go of her. I loved Della, she was my soul sister, but if I got vomit anywhere on me I would be joining her. While I supported her through the episode, I prayed that whatever she had wasn't contagious.
When she was able to walk again we made it the rest of the way to her car and I opened the door. "Do you have any tissue or anything in there?" I asked, settling her behind the wheel.
She reached for something, a bottle of water, and took a swig. I knew what she was going to do without her saying a word, because I would have done the same thing. Once again, I stepped back so that she could spit the water onto the ground. She moaned weakly.
"Oh, God…"
"Will you make it home?" I thanked God that we only lived ten minutes from the bar. She nodded without looking at me. "Good. Call me when you get there so I'll know that you made it okay. Drive careful and I'll see you in a little bit." I closed her door and waited until she had pulled out of the lot and onto the main road.  
I spun around to go back inside and then came to a dead stop, my heart in my throat when I sensed that someone was there. It was dark back behind the bar, and the dumpster made it smelly. The few parking spots were reserved for the employees, but once in a while a customer would make his way to the back of the building, usually for a drug deal or to have sex with a hooker that he'd picked up. 
A shadow gradually detached itself from the back corner of the building, tall and broad and frightening, because he was moving in my direction. I was too scared to say anything, frozen into place and holding my breath, my eyes glued to the shape of the man as he eventually stepped into the dim, yellow lighting provided by the bar. As his appearance became clearer, I took in the biker attire, the clunky boots, his cut. The top half of his face was still shadowed, keeping me from seeing his eyes, but I could make out that he had rugged features and long hair. I was struck with stark terror as his face slowly came into view.
I opened my mouth to scream, but all that came out was a pitiful, choked sound of desperation.
My past had finally caught up to me.
Rebel had found me. 





Chapter 3

Rebel

Past 

I grabbed Ginger by the hand and pulled her out of the room, down the hall and to the bathroom. Her resistance was futile, her fear unimportant. I knew what I had to do, and if she were smart she'd realize it, too. If she wanted to live. I opened the bathroom door and yanked her inside, thanking fuck that I found it empty. It was filthy, but better than nothing, and it had a shower that everyone used when they felt the need to be clean, which wasn't often. 
Ginger spun around when I shut the door, the look of a trapped animal in her pretty blues. I ignored her growing terror, steeling myself for what I had to do. Even behind closed doors I had to make it real, I had to be convincing that I was an unfeeling bastard. I saw her swallow, could see her tits rising and falling rapidly as the unknown overwhelmed her. She was expecting the worst, preparing herself to do whatever she had to do to survive.
"Take off your clothes." I kept my tone harsh, indifferent to her growing panic.
She shook her head vigorously and stepped back, slamming hard against the cracked, porcelain sink. A nervous cry escaped her, and her eyes were wild as she took in her surroundings and realized that there was no escape. Her gaze touched on the door behind me before meeting my eyes.
"Please‒"
"Take off your fucking clothes," I said in an uncaring, demanding tone. "You're filthy, and not in a way that gets my dick hard. Now undress." I removed my cut and the t-shirt beneath it. "In fact, I think I'll join you." Her eyes nearly popped out of her head at that. "If you're not undressed by the time I'm out of my clothes you won't like the consequences." I kicked off my boots as my hands went to the front of my pants. 
As I’d expected she would, Ginger's small hands began to unbutton her blouse. Slowly she began to expose enticing, creamy skin to my wandering eyes. I undid my pants. She lowered her gaze to the floor and turned around before reluctantly removing the garment. I let her have her moment of modesty before looking into the mirror in front of her. Fuck. My dick took notice of her perfect tits and rosy nipples. Hard nipples. Surprising.
I lowered my zipper, the sound of it overloud in the tiny room. I could tell that she knew what I was doing by the stiffening of her backside, but she didn't let it stop her from removing her jeans. As I kicked mine away, hers hit the floor. I hissed, taking in the mouth-watering curves of her shapely ass, an ass that I wanted to dig my fingers into while I was grinding my dick into her cunt. Fucking hell, I hadn't expected the surge of lust that suddenly heated my blood at an alarming rate.
I heard the sound of harsh breathing in the room, and it took a moment before I realized that it was mine. "Turn around," I demanded sharply.
I kept the smile to myself when I watched her bring her long hair forward, knowing that she was trying to use it to shield as much of her nudity from me as she could. She'd all but succeeded. When she turned her tits were hidden behind the thick layers of her hair, and her hands were shielding her pussy from me.
"Come here, Ginger."
She padded toward me slowly. I was glad that she was acting sensibly. It would make my job a helluva lot easier, and besides, I didn't want to hurt her. She halted within inches from me, her gaze still lowered to the floor. "Look at me." I moved her hair back behind her shoulders, exposing those luscious tits to my curious eyes. Christ, they were full and rounded, more than a handful, and her rosy little nipples made me salivate and my dick harden.
Her worried, frightened eyes locked onto mine, and I steeled myself from softening toward her. "This is going to happen, Ginger. You and I both know that Wildman will kill us both if it doesn't, and that's after every one of his brothers fucks you raw." I hesitated, giving her time to digest that information. "You want that to happen?" She shook her head, a lone tear making its way down her cheek. I wiped it away with my thumb. "No more resistance from you, and I'll make it as easy on you as I can."
Hell, I could have kicked myself for going there. I shouldn't have been worried about making anything easy for her, but I couldn't get over the fact that she was innocent, and that I was going to be her first. I'd never fucked a virgin, I'd always stayed away from them as if they had the plague. Virgins were complicated and time-consuming. I wanted a woman I could fuck, and fuck hard. Someone who could take the roughness and give it back.
She didn't pull away when I took her by the hand and pulled her into the shower with me. It was as if she'd suddenly placed her safety and well-being into my hands, counting on the hope that I would protect her. Shit, protect her from everyone but me. I was hard as a rock by the time I closed the frosted glass door and turned on the water.
Once the water was adjusted I pulled her under the spray, soaking her hair before handing her the shampoo that was in the shower. As she slowly lathered up I let my eyes drift with lazy appreciation down the womanly curves that I'd soon be claiming--her magnificent tits, the hourglass shape of her waist and the flare of her hips, her perfect thighs. Not too skinny, not too thick. She was healthy and damned enticing. She may have been tiny compared to me, but she looked like she could take a good fucking.
She rinsed her hair free of the shampoo, leaving behind silky strands of yellow gold. I was fucking mesmerized as she washed the filth from her body, revealing how creamy and flawless she was. My dick throbbed wildly, and I knew that I had to get a grip before I seduced what I was supposed to just take. When she reached for her pussy I took the rag from her.
She stiffened, gasped, but there was nothing she could do to keep me from washing her. I ran the soapy cloth between her thighs, rubbing over and over her little fur-lined bush. I made sure to part her pussy lips and run the cloth against her labia and clit. She caught her breath when I did that and closed her eyes. Fuck, was this turning her on? I dropped the cloth and started to use my bare hand.
Jesus-fucking-Christ, there was an inferno between her thighs, so hot that it almost singed my hand. I watched her expression as I gently ran a finger over her slit before separating the plump mounds and exploring inside. A wild tremor shook her and her head fell back, mouth parted with her shallow breaths. I zeroed in on her clit, which had tightened up into a hard, little ball. Fuck, I hadn't expected her to be so responsive. When I let my finger slip inside of her, she moaned and began to move her hips, and before long I was finger-fucking her toward an orgasm.
I wanted to watch her explode around me. I added another finger, going deep, thrusting in and out, in and out, and raking over her clit with my thumb at the same time. She reached out blindly, grasping my bicep as if she needed help to remain on her feet. Her luscious body was vibrating, her breathing was harsh and rapid like mine, and I knew that she was about to come. When it happened she lost complete control, crying out loudly, convulsing wildly against my hand.
Fucking hell. I wanted to turn her around, push her up against the tile, and fuck her from behind. It's what I would have done with anyone else. And then I thought, why the fuck not? There was nothing to say that I couldn't get my rocks off, too. My dick was so hard it felt like it was going to explode, my balls were full and ready to release. Why torture myself? With a growl of rough need I found myself doing what I wanted. I spun Ginger around and pushed her up against the tile wall. She cried out, turning her head sideways. I stepped forward, taking my dick into my hands and sliding it between the crack of her ass.
She stiffened and sucked in her breath. I leaned forward and put my mouth against her ear. "Don't worry, I'm not going to fuck you just yet. But I need to come before I lose control." I didn't add, before I lose control and bury my dick so far inside of you that it would be impossible to know where you end and I begin.
My dick was curved upward, making it easy to fuck between her fleshy cheeks. I glanced downward, watching the head peek out from between the crack as I thrust up and down. Jesus, it felt good! She had a nice round ass, her cheeks were squeezing my dick tightly, milking me to heaven. I was thrusting without mercy, fast and with one purpose in mind. I hadn't meant for this to happen, but I wasn't sorry that it was. As I felt my orgasm approaching, I reached around Ginger and took both tits into my hands, squeezing them and pinching her nipples until cum was flying out of my dick and covering her lower back.
I grunted out my release, not letting up my frenzy until she'd milked me dry and the aftershocks had set in. I was content to let them claim me, content to let my dick soften against her ass. I pulled my hands from her tits and turned her around, my eyes blazing down into hers. The innocence was still there, maybe even a little bit of fear, but there was something else, too. Was it acceptance that she couldn't stop what was happening, or was it that she wanted this?
"Finish up," I snapped gruffly, because I didn’t want her to think that I wasn't the bastard that I was supposed to be. I stepped back under the water and quickly washed. Coming all over her pretty backside had released some of the fucking turmoil that had been twisting my gut, but it wasn't enough to get rid of all of it. Now that I'd had a taste, I wanted all of her. I wanted to own her fucking innocence. 
I guess it was good that that was my next course of action.
I turned off the shower and opened the door, her hand in mine. My gaze shot around the room, looking for a towel, finding a dirty one hanging on the rod next to the sink. The only other articles in the room were our clothes, and I couldn't see her putting those filthy things back on. I made a decision, snatching up mine and pulling her from the room. Fast, no nonsense strides took us back to my room, where I slammed and locked the door behind us.
Ginger immediately went to the bed and pulled up the sheet over her. My lips quirked. "I've already seen it all, angel." I snatched the sheet out of her hands. She gasped and backed against the wall as I advanced on her. I crowded her in with my body, trapping her within my arms, staring down at those full fucking lips, and then I claimed them, slapping my mouth over hers and taking them roughly. Whether she opened her mouth to cry out in pleasure or to plead for me to stop, I didn’t care. I took advantage and slipped my tongue inside her sweet mouth.
She was sweet, too sweet for the likes of me. She tasted of coffee and cinnamon, which surprised me in light of her dirty state when Wildman had brought her to me. They must have fed her before that, and now I was reaping the benefits because the taste of her only added to her innocent appeal. I fucked her mouth with my tongue until hers began to battle back with arousing aggression. I groaned deeply, crushing her body with mine and taking note of where our naked parts lined up. Fucking perfect.
I thrust my hard dick into her lower belly, bringing a hand around to touch her tit. The instant I squeezed and caressed it Ginger began to struggle. My gut told me that she was making a last ditch attempt to keep her innocence, but she had to know that she couldn't win against me. As her nails bit into me, ripping my flesh, I grabbed both of her hands and brought them over her head against the wall.
"I like rough sex, little girl," I grated down into her flushed face. "I told you if you didn't give me any more trouble I'd be easy on you, but what you're doing now tells me that you might like it a little rough, too."
She stopped struggling, her expression one of shock and disbelief. "No!" she cried out. 
"Did you like the orgasm I gave you in the shower?" She clamped her mouth shut and looked away from me. I gave her a little shake to get her attention back. "Did you?" I snarled.
She pinned her eyes on mine, but still refused to answer. I could see the stubbornness in her tight jaw, and I knew that her tears were brought on by recognition of something that she didn't want to admit to herself. Her response in the shower had been real and pure, and she knew there was no denying it.
"I can make you feel that good again, and I will. You'll feel pain when I fuck you the first time, but the pleasure I give you will far outweigh it." 
"I hate you!" she whispered sharply. 
I felt her knee rise and knew what she was about to do. I slapped my palm down on her thigh and dug my fingers into it to keep her from reaching my balls. "Oh, no you don't!" Ignoring her whimper, I moved in closer, snarling down into her face. "I need those for what I'm going to do to you!" I was suddenly pissed, furious that she wasn't going to let me do the right thing by cooperating with me.
"Pig!" she all but spat in my face, her eyes flashing blue fire at me.
"You weren't calling me a pig when I had my fingers buried inside you," I hissed, taking her by the hand and pulling her away from the wall. I tossed her toward the bed, where she fell upon it. She huffed, and quickly scurried up to the headboard.
I didn't take the time to think about what I was doing. I reacted, grabbing her by the ankles and dragging her down to the foot of the bed. Before she could recover I spread her legs and moved between them, yanking her hips closer so that my face was within inches of her cunt. My gaze shot up to her frightened eyes, and I knew that I'd have to ignore a lot of things in order to do what we both knew I had to do.
"No!" she whispered pleadingly, and I wondered if she even knew what she was saying no to.
I took a deep breath, filling my lungs with her musky arousal, because whether Ginger knew it or not, she wanted this. The signs didn't lie. Her nipples were rock hard, she was flushed with heat, and I would have bet my life that her pussy was wet. I dove in, burying my face against her plump snatch and driving my tongue as deep as it could go. I heard her wail-type moan above me and glanced up to see that she'd tossed her head back against the bed, eyes shut and mouth open. 
I’d been right. She was soaked with slick wetness, and I wanted it all. I could get drunk on the taste of her. Her sweetness covered my tongue as I tried to consume her. I was ruthless, deciding it was the only way. Ginger may have been innocent, but her body knew what it wanted, and it wasn't a gentle, time-consuming seduction. She was a firecracker of need, and I was the match. After thrusting my tongue inside of her for a few minutes I drew out to focus on her clit. I released her thighs--I didn't need to hold them apart any longer--and slipped two fingers inside her.
"Oh!" she emitted with surprise, arching upward. 
That allowed me the chance to curve into her G-spot. I attacked the spongy bundle of nerves the same way I attacked her clit, driving her mad with pleasure. And then she was quivering, moaning, and gasping her way through another orgasm. I let her cream coat my fingers for a while before replacing them with my tongue. Deciding not to give her time to come down, I moved up her body, lined up my dick, and powered through her innocence with one, deep plunge.
Her body bowed up violently beneath me and she cried out in pain. Then I was the one grunting in pain when she locked her teeth into my shoulder. Holy hell, that hurt, but I owed her that. I gave her body time to adjust to the invasion of my dick, feeling how fucking tight she was, and knowing, too, that I had an above-average-sized dick. When I felt that enough time had passed, I pulled back and then thrust forward again. This time Ginger just tensed, and then seemed to relax when the initial pain of my entry didn't come again.
She sighed with obvious relief. My dick was buried deep and was pulsing with the need to come. I pulled back again before returning to the hot, wet cavern of her body. "You're fucking tight," I growled into her ear, flexing my ass as I tried to dig even deeper. She gasped and did something that I wasn't expecting. She opened wider and positioned her hips upward, which let me bottom out inside of her. I groaned, closing my eyes for a second. It felt that good.
Nothing had ever felt as good.
I set a slow and steady pace, leaning the top half of my body off Ginger so that I could watch her. Her eyes were closed, and her expression was flushed with color, nostrils flared and lips parted. Little puffs of air escaped through them, gradually increasing in depth and speed. Her tongue came out to wet her dry lips, and then she tugged her bottom lip into her mouth, moaning. Her hips were moving with mine. I wanted to flip her over and fuck her hard from behind, but I resisted the urge, reminding myself that this was her first time.
I picked up speed. Watching her tits bounce with every punch of my body against hers. I curled my hands around them and squeezed, raking my thumbs over her extended nipples. Her eyes flew open, she was panting heavily. I covered a tit with my mouth and rolled her nipple between my teeth, listening to the hitch in her breath. The sweet sound repeated when I did the same thing to her other tit, massaging the one that I'd abandoned with my hand.
Her body clenched around me, drawing a long groan from me. My hips were moving with the speed of a jackhammer, pounding into Ginger's tight pussy. And she was tight, so tight that it felt like I was slipping my dick into a protective sheath made just for me. My balls pulled up tightly against my body, my dick swelled even more, and I knew that I'd passed the point of no return. As I suckled Ginger's swollen tits, I reached down and found her throbbing little clit. She whimpered and moaned, arching beneath me and twisting her hands into the sheets.
I took a nipple between my teeth. I pinched her clit, setting her off like Fourth of July fireworks. She came, the feel of her insides clenching around my dick enough to make me come. With a growl I slammed myself inside of her one last time and held tight, flooding her with my seed. I could barely breathe. The blood was pounding hotly in my ears, my heart keeping score of every jerk of my dick. I'd never come so hard, or so long, and that's when it hit me that I'd forgotten the fucking condom. 
Shit! 
That was a first for me. I always suited up.
I couldn't deny how fucking good it had felt to fuck her bare.
I was going to do it again. 





Chapter 4

Ginger

Present 

My gaze darted to the back door of the bar. Could I make it? The urge to flee was surging through my body, but I was still frozen in place. So many thoughts flashed through my mind as I tried to come up with a rational excuse for why Rebel was there, leaving me with a sick feeling in my belly. I couldn't fight him and win, I knew I couldn't, yet when he finally took that last step into the light and I saw the gleam in his eyes, I knew that I would have to try. I wouldn't go back. He'd have to kill me first.
Our eyes locked. I couldn't read anything from his expression. As hopelessness overwhelmed me I made a mad dash for the door. He caught me, as I’d known he would. I was able to let out a scream before he slapped a hand over my mouth, and then he was dragging me back into the shadows with him. I struggled against him with the fear of an animal that was trapped with nowhere to go.
"Ssshhh!" he shushed me in my ear, the powerful arms surrounding me like an inescapable vice. "I'm not going to hurt you, angel." 
"I'm not going back with you!" I hated the fear in my voice, I hated giving him that. With his powerful arms locked around me he easily kept me subdued.
He grunted when one of my elbows jabbed him in the ribs. "I've been looking for you for four years." 
Oh, God! I closed my eyes, trembling at the soft words he'd uttered into my ear, the warmth and solidness of his hard body seeping into me. Infuriatingly, I was reminded of the way he'd made me feel all those years ago, and how quickly he'd turned an innocent girl into a wild and wanton whore. He'd had that powerful effect on me. No other man ever had. I'd been helpless against his experience, and he'd known exactly how to play my body.
"I mean it, Rebel." I’d never thought that I would see him again, and his name sounded strange on my lips. "You'll have to kill me before I let you drag me back to the Red Devils!" I dug my nails into his arms, hoping that he would release me, but all he did was grunt and tighten his arms around me until I could barely breathe. When I threw my head back he snarled, spun me around, and grabbed me by the hair, walking me backwards to the side of the building, where he crushed me with his much larger body.
"Did you forget that I was the one who got you out of there? I didn't come here to take you back," he rasped, pinning me easily. "Now stop!"
I remembered that, but why was he here then? His sudden appearance rendered me unable to think clearly. "I don't believe you!" I whispered, my panic growing as everything I'd been forced to go through at the Red Devils’ clubhouse came back to me full force. "You're one of them!" 
"I was never one of them," he said roughly. "Why do you think I helped you escape?"
He had helped me escape. He'd snuck me out of the Red Devils' clubhouse and taken me to his place, telling me to wait for his return. I would have followed his instructions if some of the Red Devils hadn't shown up. I'd been forced to sneak out of a back window and run. I'd gone straight to the bus station.
But that was then, and this was now, and I was convinced that he was here to take me back. "Then why have you come for me if not to bring me back to Wildman?" 
"There is no more Wildman, or the Red Devils," he gritted out, trapping my legs between his when I made an attempt to raise my knee. "Wildman's dead, and so is his club."
Dead?  I slowly ceased my struggles as I took that in. Was this a trick, or had the rumors that I'd heard actually been true? Had I been running from them all this time for nothing? I wanted to believe Rebel, I wanted to believe that I didn't need to look over my shoulder anymore, that I didn't need to keep running. "How . . . why . . . " I couldn't seem to form a coherent sentence. 
He laughed at my expense, but I was more concerned about why he was there. Suddenly it occurred to me that he was probably looking for the money I'd stolen. I'd found it as I’d snooped around his apartment, and had left it alone at first, until the Red Devils had shown up. Then I'd needed it to get away. "You're here for the money I borrowed." I let myself relax against him. It couldn't be for anything else.
He snorted. "Yeah, borrowed." There was a slight pause before he murmured, "Among other things."
 I wondered what those “other things” could be before I shifted my thoughts back to the money that I owed Rebel. The money that I'd been squirreling away since I’d made my escape was only about half of the four thousand that I'd taken. 
After a few minutes of silence I began to notice things about him that seemed way too intimate in the moment--the feel of his warm, whiskey-scented breath against my face; the scent of leather and smoke that clung to his large and threatening body, mixed with something else, something that was all Rebel, his personal essence and my personal drug.
Four years hadn't done anything to diminish his appeal to me.
I closed my eyes, thankful that he couldn't see me clearly. I had to get a grip and ignore how easily he had made me want him again. All those years ago, when he'd been forced to take my virginity, it had been too easy for Rebel. I'd barely put up a resistance when he'd seduced me with his experience and the unspoken promise that he wouldn't hurt me. I'd lost myself to him the instant that he'd put his rough hands on me.
"I don't have all of your money," I finally said, deciding to be honest with him. 
"We can talk about that later. Is this where you work?"
"Yes."
"What time do you get off?"
"As soon as I'm done cleaning up."
"Do you have a way home?" 
I shook my head. "No."
"Good. I'll wait for you here and take you home." He released a tired breath. "I need a place to crash and get some sleep."
I stiffened, realizing that he intended to go home with me. "What about my boyfriend?" I didn't have a boyfriend, but I didn't want Rebel to think that he could just come into my life and take over. I wasn't ready to trust him. 
"You don't have a boyfriend," he said, surprising me. "If you did he'd be here to pick you up." I could detect the mild amusement in his tone. "Now go inside and finish up so we can get the hell out of here."
I resisted his attempt to pull me away from the wall, tugging back. "You can't just show up after four years and start ordering me around. We're nothing to each other." I may have been a frightened virgin when we’d met, but the last few years had taught me how to stand up and fight for myself. "I'm not afraid of you, Rebel."
His gruff laugh sent chills down my spine. "I can see that."
"And I don't want anything to do with you." That was a lie, but a necessary one. How many times had I found myself yearning to see him? To be with him again? 
"Are you forgetting about the money you took?"
God, I had! "I only have half right now." I'd always known that there was a possibility that he would come after me for the money, but as more time had gone by, I'd convinced myself that he was either dead or he just didn't care. I was relieved that he was still alive, but it meant that he was going to take every penny that I'd managed to put away for an emergency. 
"That's too bad, I want it all."
"You'll have to give me time‒"
"So you can run away again? I don't think so. I think I'm going to stay right here, with you, until you pay me back."
I held my breath, afraid that he was serious. Running away from him hadn't even entered my mind, it wasn’t why I'd run the first time. If what Rebel had said was true about Wildman, than I could finally put down roots and have a halfway normal life. 
Maybe I could go back to school…
"Look--" He pulled me away from the wall and led me to the back door. "It's too late to get into everything right now, and I'm too fucking tired. You look like you're about to drop. So go do what you need to do so we can get the hell out of here." 
The light was better at the back door, allowing me the opportunity to see how exhausted Rebel appeared. It matched the weariness in his voice. He looked as if he'd been on the road for a while, his clothes showed signs of road sludge and other unidentifiable stains, and he looked haggard. Yet none of it took away from his rugged handsomeness, the square cut of his strong jaw and the sensual softness of his lips that had captivated me from the beginning. He exuded outlaw danger, and instilled fear in me because I knew what he was capable of.
 His hair was longer than I’d remembered, brushing against his shoulders, and there was a scar across his cheek that he hadn't had before, but it was the vivid blue of his eyes that had haunted me over the years. Right now they were focused on me in a hard, unyielding stare of determination. Without another word, he opened the door and ushered me inside.
I paused just inside the doorway and took a deep breath. Rebel was right. I was ready to drop and I was too tired to try and figure anything out. 
"Is Della okay?" Lola asked, meeting my gaze as I walked further into the bar. 
"Poor thing was retching before we got to her car," I said, picking up the rag that I'd been using to wipe down tables. "Whatever she has came on fast."
"Some illnesses are like that," she said as if she were an expert. "I'm done and heading out.” She came to a jerking halt and gave me a thoughtful look. "Do you have a ride home?"
I thought about Rebel and nodded. "Yeah, I'm good. See you tomorrow."
She rolled her eyes. "Thank God Bike Week is almost over! My feet are numb!"
I could relate. Tomorrow was the last day. Vinny would close the bar on Monday so we could recoup from the killer week. After that, we'd all be back on our regular shifts and days off. Thank God! I returned to the table Della and I had been in the process of cleaning when she’d gotten sick and went back to wiping it down. I hoped that she’d made it home okay. 
"Where'd Della go?" Vinny hollered across the room, stepping back out from his office.
"She got sick." I began lifting the chairs and turning them over on top of the table.
"Sick?" he scoffed. "She’d better feel better by two o'clock tomorrow and have her ass here." I rolled my eyes and decided that it would take too much effort to respond to his insensitive remark. It wasn't like him. The long hours were obviously getting to him, too. "What time did she leave? I need to mark it down, because I'm not paying her for the whole hour."
I slammed the last chair down and glared at him. He was behind the bar with Stevie, pulling the money out of the register.
I couldn't help it, I lost my temper. "Are you kidding me? We've been working our asses off all week with no time off and barely a break, and you're going to dock her for half an hour?" I looked at Stevie. "Is he for real?" 
She shook her head. "Sad but true." She didn't agree with his comment either, that was clear from the twist of her lips. 
Vinny finally glanced up from the register, taking in our disgusted expressions. "What?"
I rolled my eyes, fighting the urge to throw a chair at him.
"You're an ass," Stevie said, taking the words right out of my mouth. She could get away with it because they were dating. 
"I'm tired," he said in his own defense.
Weren't we all?
I decided not to waste my breath and continued cleaning my tables and stacking chairs. The murmur of their voices suggested that they were still discussing it, and I had to wonder how much pull Stevie had over Vinny. When the bar was open they kept a strict working relationship between them, but this was after hours and their interaction with each other was very different. It was kind of fun to watch. Stevie wasn't afraid to put Vinny in his place. 
The entrance door opened and two men ambled inside. Realizing that someone had forgotten to lock the door after the last customer, I exchanged a look with Stevie. She and Vinny had stopped arguing and had glanced up.
"We're closed," Vinny said, drawing their attention. I rolled my eyes. Would it have killed him to say, "sorry" first? "Ginger was just about to lock the door."
That was my cue to head toward the two men and hopefully usher them out the door and lock it behind them. They halted as I approached, crooked smiles and bloodshot eyes roaming over me and giving me a chill. They were bikers, or dressed as, one short with an obvious beer gut, while the other was tall and lanky. I tried to keep the smile on my face as I waited for them to turn around and leave. 
"We just want one drink," the short man belched. How did someone talk and burp at the same time?
"Too bad, we're closed. Come back tomorrow."
The taller man made a point of looking around the bar. The other waitresses had already left, it was just Stevie, Vinny, and me. I began to get a bad feeling when the two strangers exchanged meaningful looks, then released a breath of relief when the short one shrugged and then they both turned around. "Okay."
Well, that had been easy. Except that nothing was ever that easy. When they reached the door the shorter man reached up and turned the lock before both of them spun back around to face us. They wore matching smirks. "Guess since you don't want to serve us a drink we'll just take your money." He pinned his eyes on me. "And maybe your women."
I froze inside when I realized that we were being robbed. His second threat didn't worry me as much, I assumed that it had been said as a way to stress how serious the situation was to Vinny. Vinny's expression revealed his anger and disbelief, and I prayed that he showed some smarts. Stevie, her face turning pale, stepped slightly behind him, and I immediately felt a rush of sympathy for her. I knew what she was thinking. She'd shared with me that, years before, she had been beaten and raped during a robbery.
It was hard to determine which man was in charge, but when they both pulled out guns it no longer mattered. I didn't move, hoping not to bring attention to myself once the robbers were focused on Vinny, waiting to see what he was going to do. Vinny hit the register, the money drawer shot open, and he stepped back and raised his hands.
"Take it and leave." He knew about Stevie's past, he knew her fears and what she must have been thinking. I gave him credit for being sensitive to that by acting sensibly. 
"Wow, Chuck," the short one laughed, heading behind the bar, "I wonder if he'll be that agreeable when it comes to the women." He shot his partner a sneer just as he was about to reach inside the register drawer for the money. 
The taller man remained by me, his gun trained towards the bar. "I know which one I want." I saw his head turn my way out of the corner of my eye and refused to acknowledge it. "She's got nice, big tits."
I kept my gaze on Stevie, seeing the panic in her eyes. She looked as if she was about to be sick. I couldn't blame her. I was afraid for both of us. When the heavy-set robber looked her way with a cocky smirk on his whiskered face, she broke. She screamed and brought a bottle down over his head, shattering it and coating him with liquor and glass. At the same time Vinny slammed the money drawer closed on the man’s hand, while grabbing for the weapon that he had in the other hand. Stevie grabbed the bat that she kept behind the bar for this very reason and began pummeling down on the man's head without mercy while Vinny aimed the gun at the second robber.
My gaze swung to the other man, who'd yet to show any reaction to what was going down. Everything had happened so fast. I realized my precarious position and instantly turned to flee, but I didn't get far. A long arm wrapped around my waist and I was hauled up against the robber's body as he swung back around toward the bar, using me as a shield. I was thankful that no one fired their weapons.
"You're coming with me, bitch!" he snarled into my ear, lifting my feet off the ground as he began to walk backwards to the door.
"Let her go!" Vinny shouted, taking aim.
"She's my ticket out of here."
Vinny surprised everyone by firing his gun toward the floor. "You hear that?" he snarled. "The cops will be here within minutes! Now let her go!" 
The man who was squeezing me to the front of him released a snort. "No fucking way! She comes with me." His friend, who was lying on the floor, let out a loud moan. Stevie glanced down and hit him again with her bat.
 "Where I come from, it's an eye for an eye," the man who was holding me grumbled. "You got one of mine, I take one of yours. She's prettier than Hank." My eyes grew round when he nuzzled his scratchy jaw against the side of my neck, his nose inhaling deeply. "Sure smells better. Bet she tastes good, too." The entire time he was speaking he was dragging me backwards.
I began to claw at his arms, realizing that there wasn't much Stevie and Vinny could do to keep him from taking me. It was obvious that Vinny wasn't going to shoot at the man, he was probably afraid that he'd shoot me by mistake, and I could only guess at why the robber, Chuck, wasn't using his gun to escape. But just as that thought went through my head he fired, but it was a wild shot because he was still pulling me with him.
I glanced at the bar with fear, just in time to see Stevie and Vinny drop down behind it. The fact that police sirens could be heard in the distance revealed that they were on their way. That urged the man to pick up his speed. He shot another round toward the bar just as we neared the door. I decided then that I wasn't going to go willingly and kicked back at him, digging my nails into him once again. He tightened his arm with a snarl.
"Fuck!" he huffed, giving me a squeeze. "I'm going to enjoy taming you, bitch!" He reached behind us and turned the lock on the door.
I began to struggle against him wildly, realizing that once he got me outside that anything could happen. I leaned down and bit the hell out of him. "Let. Me. Go." I hissed, fear surging through me. He nudged the door open and continued to pull me with him. We didn't make it outside.
"Let. Her. Go." The sound of a gun being cocked seemed overloud in the room. Chuck froze, and I turned my head enough to see that there was the barrel of a gun against his temple. From there I noticed the tanned hand, the tattoos across the top of each finger that spelled the word “kill.” My gaze traveled up a muscular arm, over a shoulder, and up to the face and eyes of the man standing behind us. 
I caught my breath at the ruthless expression on Rebel's chiseled features, the hardness that had turned his eyes into a rigid, ice blue that could stab right through an opponent. He met my gaze and gave me a wink. His close proximity forced Chuck to take a step forward so that Rebel could enter the bar. I felt the arm around my body slacken and I eagerly stepped away. 
"Take his gun, sweetheart." I snatched the weapon out of Chuck's hand and moved far enough away so that he couldn't reach me. "You alone here?" 
"No." 
Hearing us, Vinny and Stevie slowly rose to their feet.
The sirens drew closer. 
"Fuck, man, am I glad to see you," Vinny said in a familiar tone that revealed that he knew Rebel. "You have a way of showing up when I need you the most." He turned toward Stevie. Her color had returned, but she still held a tight grip on the slightly bloody bat in her hands. Vinny pulled her to him and kissed her forehead. "Go wait for me back in my office, babe. Relax and catch your breath." She gave him a smile of gratitude and disappeared.
"You're going to have to start paying me for my services," Rebel joked with a grin, forcing Chuck face first against the wall. "Put your hands on the wall above your head, asshole." Chuck complied. "Move and it will be your last," Rebel threatened. He looked back at Vinny. 
"Robbery?" Vinny nodded, reaching down for the man at his feet. "Yeah, bastards thought it was going to be easy." He dragged him around the bar and dumped him onto the floor. Stevie had done a number on him, I was proud of her. That reminded me that she was alone in Vinny's office. 
"I should go to Stevie."
"You're coming with me." Rebel took me by the hand, took the gun out of my other hand, and walked me over to Vinny, handing him the weapon. "The cops will be here any second, and I'd rather not hang around to answer any questions."
Vinny's brows furrowed as his gaze shot back and forth between me and Rebel. "You two know each other?"
"Yeah." Rebel didn't elaborate. "I'll see that Ginger gets home, that's where I'll be staying. We'll talk tomorrow." 
I could see that Vinny had questions, but there was no time. The screech of tires outside the bar revealed that the cops had arrived, just as we were stepping out the back door into the darkness.





Chapter 5

Rebel

Past 

Holy fucking hell, I couldn't get enough of the hot little virgin beneath me. If I hadn't plowed through the proof and seen the blood on my dick I would have sworn that she was a pro. She was a natural in bed, intuitively skilled in the ways of giving and demanding pleasure at the end of my dick. Her resistance was still there, even a little fight, but those emotions only aided in making the whole fucking thing feel out of this world. The more I tasted her and fucked her, the more I craved her, and it became clear that I was growing addicted to her.
That had been after only one damned night. What would a lifetime with her be like? Hell, I wouldn't be able to survive. I wanted to fucking consume her, claim her, own her. I felt possessive as hell over her, and was already thinking of a way to get her away from there to some place safe. I didn't fucking trust Wildman, or any of his fuckers, from going after her once he was satisfied that I was loyal and as sick as he was.
The door was suddenly kicked in and, speaking of the fucking devil, Wildman stood in the threshold with an evil grin across his face. His eyes were bloodshot, as usual, from a combination of booze and drugs. His loud entrance had startled Ginger awake, and she crowded next to me for protection when she looked up to see him leering at her. I resisted the urge to wrap my arm around her in comfort. I didn't want to give Wildman a reason to snatch her away before I was ready to let her go.
Not that I'd be ready any time soon. 
He stepped next to the bed and ripped the covers back. I knew what he was looking for, the fucker. There was no denying the dried blood that was on the sheets, but he wasn't satisfied by just seeing that. He walked around the bed closer to Ginger. I felt her trembling and trying to reach for the sheet again, but I slapped her hand to still her nervous fingers. Wildman laughed, grabbed her by the knees, and spread her thighs apart, staring down at her pussy.
I clenched my teeth so hard I was surprised that my jaw didn't snap. I knew what he was seeing against her smooth thighs--a mixture of dried blood and cum. He sniffed loudly, the sick bastard, and then laughed. "You raped her good," he murmured to himself. 
"Isn't that what I was ordered to do?" I growled with underlining hate in my voice. It hadn't been rape, though. I'd seduced her. I'd made sure that Ginger had wanted it as much as I had.
"Pretty snatch," he said, before releasing her thighs. He grabbed his crotch. "I'll be sampling that soon." 
Over my fucking dead body, I thought. If it was the last thing I did, I was going to kill him. I knew Stone wanted me there because he wanted to annihilate the Red Devils. Wild Marauders and Phantom Riders wanted them gone, too. All I had to do was play along, feign loyalty, and get information to my prez so that they could take action at the appropriate time. Some of the shit that I'd been forced to watch and participate in had gone against my principles, like having to hurt women, and Wildman took it to a malicious and devastating level. He controlled his brother's fuck ups by taking their punishment out on their old ladies.
The fucker got off on hurting women.
One of the first horrors I'd witnessed in the Red Devils' clubhouse was the train his club had pulled on one of the old ladies, right before they put a bullet in her head, all while her old man watched on helplessly before he was killed. I had almost left right then and there, but I was loyal to my own club, and I knew my brothers were counting on me. Six months in this hell hole, and I'd seen and participated in enough horrors to last me a fucking lifetime. It was far worse than any war or missions I'd been assigned when I'd been a Navy SEAL.
"Enjoy her another day, brother, and then she's mine." He laughed as if this had amused him. "She'll never be the same once I get my dick inside her." 
I'd heard about how he liked to leave his women torn and bleeding. He stopped at the doorway and looked back at me, a smirk on his face that made me want to beat it off. I felt Ginger shaking next to me, her face turned against my side. I couldn't soothe her fears, not with Wildman's watchful eyes on us. Not that I would have anyway. I couldn't afford to give myself away. For all I knew she was a plant placed specifically to spy on me, and this was just an act to get me to drop my guard. I'd learned early on that Wildman was paranoid and didn't trust anyone. As far as I could tell, his crew was loyal to him out of fear and not out of the respect required to be a successful president.
His fucking days were numbered. 
He left. I felt Ginger stir, and I glanced down to see her looking up at me with unshed tears in her expressive eyes. I steeled myself against them, letting my gaze sweep down to her full, luscious tits, which were more than a handful. Her sweet nipples were flattened against large brown areolas, and that just wouldn't do. I leaned in and took the tip of one into my mouth, sucking and nibbling on the nipple until it beaded into a tight kernel I could pinch gently between my teeth. Once I was satisfied, I repeated the action on her other tit, tugging on it until she was whimpering.
The bastard in me grinned around her plump flesh. Fuck, it turned me on when she responded, because it seemed so authentic and natural, and revealed that she was enjoying what I was doing to her body. As I continued to lavish her tits with my mouth, I let my hand trail down to her pussy. I had barely brushed against her clit when she bowed sharply and moaned. I played with it for a minute before it dawned on me that she might be a little sore.
"Come on," I said, rolling away from her and getting to my feet. "I think a shower is in order."
She was slower getting to her feet, and I watched as she brought the sheet up to wrap around her body. She glanced down at the bed briefly, taking in the spots of blood, before meeting my eyes. "I guess I'm a whore now."
I smirked at her assessment. "A whore gives it up for free. You didn't exactly have a choice." I couldn't keep my gaze from roaming over her hot curves, ending at the juncture of her shapely thighs where her tight little cunt was. My dick was stiff as a board, and I palmed it, giving it a few tugs. 
"You took the only thing I had of value."
My gaze shot up to hers, reminded once again how innocent she was. "Don't underestimate your worth, angel. You'll always have your pussy to get you anything you want." I knew it was a shit thing to say, but I had to keep up the pretense of behaving in the way that would be expected of one of Wildman's brothers. I could see that my comment had angered her, but I didn't give her time to react to it. "Let's go."
I turned, opened the door, and waited for her to precede me. I was fucking glad that the bathroom was located in a short hallway and away from the main room of the club. I could hear the commotion out in the bar, and I hurried Ginger along with a bump of my body, locking us in once the bathroom door was closed. 
Once I had the water adjusted, I turned back to her. "Lose the sheet, baby."
I watched her slowly expose her luscious body, and then pushed her into the shower. I'd meant it to be quick, but the instant Ginger raised her hands to lather her long hair my gaze dropped to her quivering tits, and I knew I'd never make it. While she shampooed her hair I washed, never taking my eyes off of her, growing hornier by the minute. My dick ached to be inside her tight cunt, and the second she'd rinsed her hair clear of shampoo I pushed her up against the tile wall and slammed my mouth down on hers.
My hands moved over her, cupping her heavy tits and pinching her nipples. I thrust my dick between her legs, letting it ride back and forth over her slick slit. She opened her mouth beneath mine and our tongues meshed almost violently, thrusting out of control as our mouths ground against each other’s. I groaned, she moaned, and when her hips began to move in sync with my thrusts, I brought my hand down to her sweet, little pussy.
My finger slipped over the top of her clit, finding it plump with blood and hot as a furnace. Slickness coated my dick, and when I slipped a finger inside her I found that she was fucking soaked. Christ, I had to get inside her. I wanted all that cream surrounding my dick. Growling, I flipped her around. "Do exactly as I say," I growled again, taking her hands and bringing them above her head. "Don't move them." I said against her ear, arranging her palms flat against the tile.
I stepped back so that I had a better view of her body. As my gaze raked along her graceful back to where it tapered down to twin mounds of quivering flesh, possessiveness slammed through me and I knew that I wanted her for myself. I clenched my teeth with the need to bite into those enticing globes, using my hands to claim her instead. Her barely audible sigh was my reward when I squeezed and parted her cheeks, my eyes narrowing on the little star nestled between the crack.
Fucking hell! I put a hand on my dick and gave it a hard squeeze and a couple of good rubs to ease the pain that it was in. All it did was take me closer to release. I leaned against Ginger, kissing the side of her neck and running my mouth along the curve of her shoulder. "I need to fuck you, angel. I can't wait." That was the only warning I gave her before I gripped her hips and pulled the bottom half of her body away from the wall.
The arch of her perfect ass invited me to lose control. I moved the head of my dick back and forth in her slit against her labia, lining it up to the fucking gates of heaven. One plunge and I was buried balls deep. Her soft cry drowned out my hiss. Once I began to move, my hands glided up her torso to cup and squeeze her tits.
I closed my eyes, nearly overwhelmed by the sensation. In all of my years of fucking, I couldn't remember having ever felt the sweet intensity that I did every time I sank inside Ginger's pliant body. She was so responsive. The sound of her soft moans and the thrust of her body meeting mine revealed her pleasure. I glanced down and watched my dick disappear into her wet pussy, watched the erotic bounce of her ass when I slammed into her. I picked up speed, groaning loudly when the fullness in my balls began to ache.
Ginger's breathing came faster, indicating that her level of arousal was rising. I reached for her clit and flicked it, wanting her to come with me. Before long we were racing for the finish line. I was the one with experience and I played her body against her, knowing what it would take to get her off. I manipulated her clit and kept pounding into her, hard and fast. 
"Put some cum on my dick, angel," I rasped into her ear before giving it a nip. She quivered, releasing a whimper. I ran my tongue up the side of her neck, and then turned her face toward me so I could take her lips. The tingle in my spine told me that I was about to shoot my load. I pinched Ginger's little clit, sending her over the edge at the same time that the first squirt of my seed released. "Fuucck!" I snarled, losing control. "Milk my dick, baby!"
"Oh! Oh!" Ginger cried out, convulsing around my dick. 
I held her tightly against me, letting her tightness milk every last drop of cum from me. Her little shudders kept us both on the edge of pleasure until we gradually succumbed to the orgasmic, blissful satisfaction that usually came afterwards. It occurred to me that I was crushing Ginger against the wall, and I stepped back reluctantly. My dick slipped from her body to hang limp and dripping between my thighs.
I turned toward the water and quickly cleaned off. "You have a couple of minutes to wash," I said with my hand on the shower door. "I'm going to get some clean towels and some clothes for you."
"You're leaving me?" she asked, and there was no hiding the fear in her tone.
I glanced back to see the panic in her widened eyes. "I'll be right back." 
"But‒"
"Relax." I understood what her fears were. Hell, they were the same fears that I had. Neither of us wanted Wildman or his brothers to get their hands on her. They'd ruin her, maybe even kill her. The thought made me sick. I had to get her out of there before it was too late. "I'll lock the door behind me."
I shut the door before she could say anything else. 





Chapter 6

Ginger

Present 

With my arms wrapped tightly around Rebel I could feel that he was still as hard and muscular as he'd been four years before. I’d never thought I would see him again, I’d never thought that I'd find myself on the back of his bike, yet there I was, using his huge body as a shield against the wind as he took me home. Who was I trying to fool? I liked the feel of him, I always had, and I closed my eyes and let myself remember. That turned out to be a mistake. All it did was start a pleasant tingle in my nether regions when I recalled how hot the sex had been between us.
That had been then, and this was now. He wasn't here for sex. He'd hunted me down for the money that I'd stolen from him. I was glad in a way, because now I knew that Wildman and the Red Devils were no more. I wondered if I'd go to hell for being glad. They'd been evil men. It hadn't taken me long to determine that Rebel had been a different caliber of man once he'd helped me get away, and I would have waited for him, as he'd instructed, if things had been different.
Within ten minutes we were pulling into the parking lot of my apartment complex and coming to a stop in front of my building. Rebel helped me dismount, and I removed the helmet he'd insisted I wear as he got off his huge, powerful Harley. In spite of the poor lighting I could see that he was taking in his surroundings. I wasn't going to apologize for the shabby look of the place, it was what it was. The place was old, everything was painted beige, and the parking lot hadn't been paved in years. It was filled with potholes, and faded, the yellow lines marking the parking spots all but gone. 
I bit my lip to keep from telling him that the inside looked better. Della and I had furnished our apartments with thrift store and yard sale items, but we'd been discerning. It was amazing what people got rid of when they were tired of it. Thinking of Della, I wondered how she was feeling. She hadn't called as I'd asked her to.
"This area doesn't look very safe."
His comment pissed me off immediately and I swung back to him. "Look, I've been on the run since I left your apartment, and I do the best that I can. I choose to live here in order to save back the money I owe you. I knew if you were alive that you'd probably come looking for me one day. If you're worried about your precious bike, bring it inside. I live on the ground floor."
"Even safer," he scoffed sarcastically. "And watch your attitude, woman. I was simply stating the fucking obvious."
Watch my attitude? After the night I'd just been through? I was exhausted, numb, totally freaked by his presence there, and I was still coming down from the frightening experience of the attempted robbery. I had a right to have an attitude when, on top of everything else, he was criticizing where I lived. I took a deep breath to rein in my emotions and turned to walk away, reminding myself that I didn't really know Rebel. 
I knew that he was behind me. I could hear the clomping of his heavy boots. When we reached my door I unlocked it and turned to him, noticing the satchel in his hand. "I'll be right back. I need to check on my friend." I'd forgotten how tall Rebel was. He was so close that I had to crook my neck to meet his eyes. I tried not to notice the intoxicating scent of his manly smell.
He raised a brow, hesitating from going inside my apartment. "A man?"
"That's none of your business." It would have been much easier to just tell him the truth, but his arrogance irked me.
"I'll go with you," he smirked.
"It's right there," I said, pointing at the door directly across from mine. "I won't be long." I took a step toward the other door when he grasped my arm and then I was pulled backwards against his hard form. I gasped, feeling his mouth against my ear.
"Has there been anyone else since me?"
Oh, God, a sudden inferno erupted inside me. I shivered at his nearness. No, there hadn't. "It's been four years, Rebel." Let him think what he wanted, I didn't owe him anything.
"That's not an answer," he said, his hand tightening on my arm. "Yes or no."
I swallowed, unable to lie to him. "I don't know why it matters, but no, you're the only man I've ever been with." I had to get away from him before I made a fool of myself.
I could sense his relief. His hand uncurled, and I was free. I used my key and let myself into Della's apartment. Like mine, it was barely bigger than an efficiency. Della and I had the same taste in décor, we both liked color and miss-matched items that somehow came together. While she'd focused on bright yellows and greens, I'd gone with greens and lavender. 
It didn't surprise me to find her apartment dark and quiet. I made my way to her tiny bedroom, turning on the hall light so I could see. I found Della's form in the middle of her bed, buried beneath a stack of blankets. "Della? Honey?" Low moans were my response. "How are you feeling?" I sat down on the edge of her bed.
She moaned again, but didn't move. "I hurt all over. And I've been throwing up."
"Oh, God. It sounds like the flu." I glanced around, not seeing any water or medication on the nightstand. "You need to drink lots of water." I got up and went to the kitchen. Flipping on the light switch, I removed a glass from the cupboard and filled it with the filtered water she kept in the fridge. 
On the way back to the bedroom I stopped at the bathroom and dug through the medicine cabinet, but there was absolutely nothing in there for the flu. I did grab the aspirin to help with her aches and pains, and I snatched up the trashcan before returning to the bedroom. I sat back on the bed and put my hand on Della's forehead, not surprised to find that it was hot. "Here, honey, take these for your fever and aches." I shook out two pills.
She moaned in protest. "Please don't make me move."
I grinned. "You'll be glad that you did after these kick in. Now come on, suck it up."
She grumbled with irritation but gradually moved into a position where she could half sit up. "You're a cruel woman," she said, opening her mouth.
I slipped the aspirin inside and then held the glass of water against her lips. "Drink as much as you can. You're burning up." When she was done I set the glass aside and began pulling at the mound of blankets on top of her. "We need to remove a few of these, honey. At least until your temp drops, okay?"
There wasn't much she could do to stop me. By the time I was done I'd pulled off four blankets, leaving her with the sheet and light bedspread. I sighed, realizing that she was already halfway back to sleep. "I'll be back in a few hours to check on you, okay?" The smallest movement of her head indicated that she'd heard me. "The trashcan is also by your bed in case you need to throw up again and can't make it to the bathroom." 
"Mmm."
I flipped off the hallway light, but decided to leave the one on in the kitchen, then made my way back to my own apartment. Rebel had left the door unlocked, but I locked it behind me. He was nowhere in sight, so I figured that he was in the bathroom. As I headed toward my bedroom I had to pass the bathroom and I could hear the shower running. He seemed to have made himself right at home. I was going to grab a quick shower when he was done, so I went to my bedroom for my pjs. 
Inside I paused, looking down at the bed, shifting my thoughts to my small couch. He'd have to make it work, because there was no way he was sleeping in the same bed with me. It had been four years since I’d seen him last, and now he was a stranger to me. A lot could happen to someone in that much time, and there was a haunted look in Rebel's dark eyes that unnerved me. To make sure that there was no question about where he was sleeping I grabbed one of my pillows and the folded quilt at the foot of my bed and brought it out to the sofa. 
The bathroom door opened and Rebel entered the room. I sucked in my breath, my gaze falling to his magnificent bare chest. I couldn't pull my eyes from the mouth-watering definition of his pecs and washboard abs. The muscles in his biceps flexed as he ran a towel over his head, but it was the thick muscle that created the deep 'V' down to his groin that held my interest. His jeans, which were molded to his thick, powerful thighs, were open, revealing a tuft of dark hair.
Holy hell, the man was tanned and ripped, even more than he'd been all those years ago, and that was saying a lot. His six-pack had turned into an eight-pack. Heat filled my cheeks, because my body was responding in a very wet-between-the-thighs, nipple-hardening-way. I realized that I was holding my breath and staring, but I couldn't look away. The man was beautiful, and I had no doubt that he had women falling all over themselves for a piece of him. 
He cleared his throat and my gaze lifted to the knowing smirk on his mouth before meeting his eyes. He'd stopped rubbing his hair dry, and the look of hunger in his eyes sobered me up quick. 
"Keep looking me over like that and I'll do something about it."
I swallowed, knowing what that something was. And he was so good at it. Unexpected fear rushed through me. I couldn't afford to get involved with Rebel, because I knew in the end that he would hurt me. I couldn't blame him for what had occurred between us in Wildman's clubhouse because he'd saved us both from death, me from much worse, but I had control over my life now.
I decided to ignore his comment, pointing down to the blanket and pillow. "This is where you sleep tonight."  I grabbed my pjs, which were lying on top of the blanket, and headed his way. "There are leftovers in the fridge if you're hungry, maybe a beer or two. I'm getting a shower and going to bed."
"You're not going to eat?" he asked when I reached him.
I shook my head. "I'm too tired." It was the truth. I'd eat something when I woke up, hopefully a solid eight hours later. And then I reminded myself that I'd need to set my alarm to check on Della. 
"We need to talk."
"If it's about your money I told you that I have half of it." I pivoted to go to the kitchen where I had it stashed. Once there, I opened the pantry cupboard and reached for the coffee can, and immediately sensed movement next to me. A glance out of the corner of my eye showed that Rebel had moved into the kitchen with me. He'd draped the towel around his neck, the loose ends hanging down over his pecs. I ignored his snort when I removed the lid and began to dig around in the grounds. "Here." I handed him the plastic baggie that contained the money.
He opened it up and removed the cash, counting it quickly. The eyes he turned on me were of stunned disbelief. "You're kidding me, right?" I didn't like the hard grit in his tone.
My gaze shot down to the money in his palm before darting back up to his. "There's almost two thousand dollars there," I said. Hadn't he heard me tell him that I'd only had about half?
His half-chuckle, half-snort sent warning signals through me. "What about the other thirty grand?"
My jaw dropped. "Thirty grand! I don't know what you're talking about!" I felt my heart slam in my chest, my eyes growing large. "I only took four thousand dollars!" Was this a joke? Rebel crossed his massive arms over his equally massive chest and glared at me skeptically. I could see that it was definitely not a joke. "Rebel, I swear, I only took four thousand." What could I do to convince him? He looked like he was ready to explode. No wonder he'd hunted me down.
"When I finally made it to my apartment that day I found you gone, and the money along with you." I shook my head with confusion as he spoke. "Kind of hard to believe you, angel."
"I-I didn't take it!" I insisted, hoping to wipe the intense look off his face, because it scared the hell out of me. And then I remembered why I'd run in the first place. "Wait--the Red Devils were there."
His brows shot up incredulously. "Convenient, wouldn’t you say?"
"It's the truth, Rebel. That's why I ran away. When they showed up at your apartment I snuck out a back window and went straight to the bus station. Look, I admitted to the four thousand. Don't you think if I'd taken more I would have told you? I've got no reason to lie. And I pay my debts, that's why I was saving up." I was getting angry, having to defend myself when I knew that I was telling him the truth. 
"You've had four years to think up a good story."
I took a step closer in frustration, determined to make him see the truth. "I'm telling you the truth," I said between my teeth. "There was only four thousand," I stressed, hoping that it would make a difference.
His eyes remained hard and unsympathetic. "So you want me to believe that you left the other thirty, and that the Red Devils took it?" he snorted. "Why should I believe you?" 
"Because I . . . I," Why indeed? I was nobody to Rebel, and thirty thousand dollars was a lot of money. God, what was I going to do? He’d told me that the Red Devils were gone, but them taking it was the only thing that made any sense. They'd been there that day. Tears began to cloud my vision when I realized that there was nothing that I could say to answer his question. If the situation had been reversed, I probably would have come to the same conclusion as he had.
My shoulders slumped as I realized the futility of the situation. "It might as well be thirty million," I mumbled to myself. I'd never be able to pay Rebel back that kind of money. I raised my gaze to his. "Are you going to turn me in?"
"So you admit that you took it?"
"No! I'm not admitting to something that I didn't do, but I have no proof. I need to know-- are you going to turn me in?"
"Turn you in to whom?" he grunted.
"The police," I replied, thinking about all the horrors I'd heard told about what they did to a person in prison.
Rebel laughed, though there was little humor in it. "Why would I turn you in to the police? I'll never get my money back that way."
"What are you going to do then? It will take me forever to pay you back that kind of money."
He just stood there, staring at me. His expression gave nothing away, but I knew that he was thinking it over. I began to get nervous beneath his quiet stare, and I didn't like the way that his gaze dropped lazily down my body. He may as well have run a match down my body, because I was suddenly on fire, recalling how good his hands and mouth had felt on me. But if he thought I was going to pay him back with my body, he was going to be disappointed.
I wasn't a whore.
By the time his eyes met mine I was glaring at him.
His sexy lips quirked. "I'll think about how you can pay me back while you're showering."
For a minute it felt as if we were squaring off, and neither one of us would back down. With a huff, I finally walked past him to the bathroom, making sure to lock the door. It wasn't lost on me that the lock was faulty and that all he had to do was twist the knob all the way to get inside. I knew, because I'd accidentally locked myself out one day, and it had been that simple to get in.
Well, I couldn't worry about everything. 
Tomorrow was another day. 





Chapter 7

Rebel

Past 

When I left the bathroom to get towels and clean clothes for Ginger, I lucked out. One of the club whores was walking by, and a big smile spread across her face when she saw me. Her eager eyes ran down the length of my naked torso, taking in my opened jeans. I could see from her expression that she thought it was an open invitation for her to put her hands on me. She wasted no time in plastering herself against me. 
Fuck. I didn't need or want this shit right now.
"Hi, baby." She slipped her hand into my pants and took hold of my flaccid dick. "I've been looking for you." 
I had to play along. "Yeah?" I thrust my hips, she squeezed my dick. "I've been busy." I'd fucked her a few times before. Hell, I'd fucked all of Wildman's whores at least once. Free pussy was always a fucking perk, whatever MC I happened to be involved in, but I would have had to be either stoned or drunk to enjoy the Devils' whores. They may have once been real beauties, but most of them were worn and thin and looked well-used.
"You don't look busy now," she purred, cupping my balls. 
I saw an opportunity and took advantage of her eagerness to please. "Baby--" I couldn't recall her name, "I need a favor."
"And what do I get in return?" She ran her tongue over her bright red lips.
I grinned, hoping that she didn't notice that my dick wasn't the least bit enthused by her administrations. "How about you come to my room later and I surprise you?" I squeezed her tit, which was almost naked in the bikini top she had on. Her eyes grew big. "I need some clothes." I gave her a lusty onceover. "About your size, jeans and a tee will do."
"For a woman?" Her brows drew together in a suspicious frown.
I could tell by the change in her tone that she didn't like the thought of that. I reached up and ran the back of my hand against her cheek. "Yeah. Someone I'm trying to get rid of."
Her eyes lit up at that. "I'll be right back."
I turned to re-enter the bathroom when Rocky, Wildman's Sgt. at Arms, stopped me.
"Hey, brother, you done with that little virgin cutie we brought in for you?" I stiffened, seeing the lust in his drug hazed eyes. He leaned in as if he were going to tell me a secret. "I want to get my hands on her pussy before prez does. Know what I mean?" he grinned. 
Yeah, I knew exactly what he meant, and I wasn’t going to let that happen. I was going to have to sneak Ginger out of there later that night, because my gut was telling me that the men were growing impatient to try out new pussy.
Wildman could take her anytime he wanted.
"Yeah, brother, I know what you mean. Girl's got a sweet little snatch."
"You're one lucky fucker," Rocky went on to say. "The bitch I got stuck with was a fragile, ugly little virgin. Couldn't take it rough. Fuck," he began to laugh. "Wildman almost cut off my dick when it came time to give her up and she was fucking dead." He laughed some more, and I clenched my hands at my side so that he couldn't see my reaction to his confession. 
"What the fuck did you do to her?" I'm sure he thought that my sneer was a grin.
He snorted, a stupid look on his face. "Fuck, it wasn't me. Little bitch locked herself in the bathroom and cut her wrist." He leaned in again. "At least I popped her cherry before she did it. Fucked her in the ass, too." 
Jesus, I didn't want to imagine what the woman had experienced under his hands before she had taken her own life. Rocky was a sick, twisted fucker, and I’d seen him with some of the club whores. He'd taken a page right out of Wildman's book. He was more than just rough with them, he liked to leave a permanent mark on them.
"At least she went to her maker knowing how good my dick felt inside her." 
It was all I could do not to slam my fist into his smug face. Men who preyed on the weak and bragged about it were on the top of my list of people who needed to meet their maker. He probably believed the shit he was spewing, too. I didn't say anything to him, afraid that I'd give my revulsion away. 
"So, where's your little virgin?"
I released a deep breath. "Showering."
"Oh, I gotta see that!" Rocky said with enthusiasm. He reached for the doorknob, but I stopped him by covering it with my hand.
 I knew he was an officer, that he could pull his SGT. at Arms card and force me to step back. But I also knew that Wildman had set the rules of this little game, and I doubted that Rocky would take a chance and piss off his president. Wildman was a wild card. You never knew where you stood with him. He could be your best friend one minute and your worst enemy the next. I'd seen it happen, and my gut told me that the man was psycho. That was why I needed to get Ginger out of there as soon as possible.
I kept my eyes narrowed on Rocky, realizing that I had to give him something or the situation could turn to shit. I grinned in the face of his growing anger. "Why don't you come back tonight and we'll double team her?" I'd seen him in a threesome before and I knew he liked that shit. It wasn't lost on me that I'd also invited the whore to come back to my room later. They were both in for a disappointment. "I'll even let you pick which hole to plug."
He seemed to consider it for a minute, and then his face broke into a leering grin. "I like that fucking idea, brother." He gave my shoulder a friendly pat. "I'll be back later." He walked away whistling.
I knocked on the bathroom door. "Open up, angel." I was surprised when Ginger opened the door almost immediately. She was hiding behind it, wrapped up tight in the sheet, and I took in the wet betrayal in her pretty blues. Fuck, she'd obviously overheard me talking to Rocky. As I stepped closer she flattened herself against the wall.
"I thought you were different," she started, huge, round tears finally spilling from her eyes. "But I heard you tell him that you would share me with him tonight." She bit down on her quivering bottom lip. "I'll kill myself before I let another man touch me."
Her passionate declaration scared the shit out of me, because I sensed that she meant what she said. She would try. I wanted to tell her that I was going to help her escape, but I couldn't jeopardize my position, so I let anger rule my response. "You think I'm going to be able to keep Wildman and his men from taking you?" I snapped, baring my teeth. I didn't want her to think that I was a good man, because I wasn't. I closed the distance between us, slamming my hands against the wall on either side of her head. "I'm one of his men, baby. I took your virginity. I'm no different from the rest of them." I slammed my mouth down on hers, taking her innocence all over again. 
She fought me like a wildcat, yanking my hair in an attempt to pull me off of her. She shouldn’t have bit down on my lip, because the pain only turned me on. My dick stretched and hardened between us, and before long I was grinding it into her struggling body. Her whimpers echoed around us, sounding weak and pitiful against my groans. I caught both of her wrists and slammed her hands on the wall above her head. She bit my tongue, and I jerked back with a grunt.
"Don't make me hurt you," I snarled in a hard voice. I secured both wrists in one hand and reached for her sheet with the other. With one, violent tug she was naked. I had acted impulsively, I didn’t have a plan, but I was so fucking hard, and her fighting only increased my arousal. My blood was on fire for her, and I wanted to fucking own her. 
I lowered my head and nipped, licked, and sucked at her swollen tits, stimulating her nipples into sweet, edible berries that tempted me to put my mouth on them. To savor them. As her body arched with eagerness, it was then that I realized that Ginger was no longer fighting me. I followed the enticing curves of her body down to her pussy and was just about to sink my fingers inside her wet heat when there was a knock at the door.
Fuck! I tensed and met the blue fire of arousal in Ginger's eyes. We were both breathing heavily, and I imagined that the stamp of hunger on her face was a reflection of what she was seeing on mine. 
"Please don't share me," she pleaded.
"You in there, baby?"
Holding Ginger against the wall, I reached over and opened the door. The club whore came in, her gaze scanning the room until they stopped where Ginger and I were standing behind the door. Her expression turned bitchy. 
"I thought you wanted to get rid of her," she sneered. She let her gaze drop to the outline of my hard dick. "Doesn't look that way to me."
I shrugged, giving her a grin. "What can I say, baby, I like pussy, and she's available. Doesn't mean I don't want yours later." That put the smile back on her face. She held out the clothes that were in her hands. 
"I don't know why you want her to get dressed," the whore began, giving Ginger an unfriendly look. "I heard talk in the bar. The men are getting restless. Though I don't see why, she ain't nothing special."
"Thanks. I'll make it up to you."
She pressed her lips together and gave me an air kiss before she began to back out. "Oh, before I forget, Wildman's called church. He wants all his men present." She pulled the door closed behind her.
Fuck, this would be the first time I'd be attending one of his meetings. I'd spent six months picking up drunken comments and eavesdropping where I could. What amazed me was how much the whores knew, although anything serious seemed to be locked down tight. This could finally be my chance to give Stone something decent to work with. 
I handed Ginger the clothes, a feeling of urgency coming over me. I needed to get out there fast. "Get dressed." 
"Please don't let those other men touch me."
She was trembling badly, but in spite of that she managed to slip the tee over her head and pull on the jeans. I clenched my teeth, hating the frightened, vulnerable look in her pleading eyes. I wanted to alleviate her fears, fuck, I did, but there was a lot more at stake than her. I owed my loyalty to my club.
I ignored her comment, reached for her hand, and dragged her back to my room. Pausing by the door, I waited until she turned back to me. "Lock the door behind me and do not leave this room, you understand?"
She nodded, liquid glistening in her eyes. Fuck. Against my better judgment, I went to her. "I can't say any more right now, but I'm getting you out of here tonight." I regretted telling her the moment the words were out of my mouth, I should never have given her that much information, but I couldn't take it back now. I curled my hand around the back of her neck and pulled her in for a kiss. "Okay?"
"Thank you." Her bottom lip quivered.
It took real effort for me to pull away from her. Christ. She was a complication that I didn't need. 





Chapter 8

Ginger

Present 

God, was that the smell of bacon? I turned over onto my back and took a deep breath, filling my lungs with the delicious aroma. It was bacon! When was the last time that I’d smelled bacon in my apartment? I jumped from my bed and rushed out to the kitchen, stopping abruptly when my blurry gaze landed on Rebel, who was standing at the stove. He turned my way, giving me a sexy grin that went straight to my core. 
"You didn't have anything edible for breakfast, so I went out and bought a few things." His gaze dropped down my body, reminding me that I was wearing little. I liked to sleep in boy shorts and crop tops. Rebel was only wearing jeans.
"There's yogurt in the fridge." I rubbed the sleepiness from my eyes. 
He snorted. "Is that how you keep those smoking hot curves?"
I slowly lowered my hands from my face to meet his eyes. I'd always been sensitive about my weight, knowing that my short stature didn't allow for any extra pounds. I had them, however. "Is that your way of saying I'm fat?" God, I hated that word.
His brows shot up over his startled eyes. "Hell, no, angel. I like the curves you have. Nice, suckable tits, a round ass I can sink my hands into, hips I can hold on to when I'm pounding into you." With each syllable he uttered my eyes grew wide, and I ran out of breath, my jaw dropping with disbelief. He winked at me with amusement. "I especially like your mouth, baby."
I snapped my jaw closed, wishing that I could think of a response that would put Rebel in his place, or at least knock him down a notch, because I sensed that he knew exactly what he was doing to me. Heat infused me from the inside out, caused by the intimacy of his explicit words. A pleasant tingle in my pussy revealed that my body wasn't immune to his filthy talk. I was frozen in place, staring at the godly stud that was casually flipping bacon over. Even my stomach was on board, because damn, we hadn't had bacon in a long time.
My belly growled, which caused Rebel to laugh. I was on the verge of going in for the bacon when my eyes caught the clock on the wall above the sink, and I stopped. "Shit! I forgot to check on Della!" I had forgotten to set my alarm the night before, and it was now eleven o'clock in the morning. Without another word I bolted for the door, and then remembered that I needed my keys. When I swung back around to retrieve them, Rebel was standing there, a cocky grin on his sexy mouth, and my keys dangling from his fingers.
"I had to borrow them when I left for the store," he grinned.
This meant that he'd gone through my purse. I'd bitch at him for that later, but right now I had to take care of Della. I snatched the keys from his hand and ran. 
Her apartment was just as quiet as it had been the night before and the kitchen light was still on, telling me that she probably hadn't left her bed. I went directly to her bedroom, hearing the faint sound of voices as I approached, and once inside I found that the TV was on. Della was still in bed, and sometime after I'd left her she’d pulled the folded blankets back over her. Shaking my head, I went to her and put my hand on her forehead. She was still warm, but not feverish.
I looked down at the trash can that I'd left her and tried not to gag, taking it to the bathroom and flushing the contents down the toilet. Then I put the can into the tub and filled it with water, adding some cleaner to it before returning to the bedroom for her glass. I refilled it, got a couple more aspirin, and headed back to Della. I sat down on the edge of the bed.
"Honey?" I pulled the covers off her head.
"I'm here," she said. "What time is it?"
"Eleven. Do you feel any better?"
She opened her eyes. "A little. I think I know where I got it from."
"Here, take these," I smiled.
She scooted up into a sitting position. "A couple of days ago I waited on a table where one of the customers complained of being under the weather." She took the pills and water, handing me back the glass. "Later another customer complained that someone had been sick in the men's room and left a mess."
"I remember that." I got up and arranged the pillows behind her back. "Which means that I'll probably get hit with this later." I could only hope that the vitamin C that I took regularly would help fight it off.
Della chuckled low. "Don't worry, I'll take care of you."
"You better," I joked, sitting back down on the bed. "Do you think you can eat something?"
She made a face. "No way. I don't even want coffee."
"Well, you're not going to work today." I decided not to say anything about the trouble that had happened the night before after she’d left. "Vinny will just have to understand."
"I need the money‒"
I gave her a stern look. "You're not going in," I said firmly. "And you can't tell me that with all of the hours we've put in this week that you haven't made a killing in tips." 
"Yes, but you don't have the huge dental debt that I have, and I wanted to pay it off."
"Honey, you can't go in today. You're too weak, and probably still contagious. Just stay home today."
"But with Bike Week over I'm already off tomorrow and the next two days," she whined. 
I laughed. "Even better, three days to recoup."
"You're just mean."
"And you love me." I stood up. "Can I get you anything before I leave?"
She shook her head. 
"Are you still throwing up?"
"No, thank God."
I laughed at that. "Okay then, I'll be back before I go in to work."
My stomach growled again as I neared my apartment and the smell of bacon filtered through the door. I opened the door to see that Rebel was just walking to my small table with two plates in his hands. My gaze met his before going back to the plates, which were piled with bacon, scrambled eggs, and toast. Ohmygod! I'd never had a man cook for me before, and there was something so hot and sexy about a man like Rebel standing with his jeans undone, dish towel draped over his wide shoulders, and a plate of steaming food in his hands.
"Hungry?"
Was that a trick question? I pulled my gaze away from his abs, trying to feign nonchalance, but the knowing gleam in his all-seeing eyes revealed that I'd been caught ogling his fine body. "Starved!" I admitted, walking toward him. "I never have bacon." 
"Why not?" We both sat down on my mismatched chairs, the mismatching of my plates bringing it all together. I picked up the cup of coffee that Rebel had placed in front of my plate. "It's expensive." I picked up a piece and took a bite, closing my eyes and moaning low. "So good. Why did you decide to fix breakfast?"
Rebel shrugged, digging into his eggs. "I was hungry for some home cooked food. I’ve been on the road a while."
"Hunting me down?"
There was a brief pause in which he glanced up at me from his plate, his gaze reflective. "Among other things.” He paused a beat, leaning in for emphasis. “Don't get used to the cooking, angel. You're the one who owes me."
Inside I cringed. He’d just had to ruin the peace that had settled between us by bringing up the money. "You don't have to remind me," I was quick to respond. "And I always planned on paying you back. Why do you think I stored away the money I gave you?"
"So you expected to see me again?" He shoveled a mouthful of eggs into his mouth.
I shrugged. "I wasn't sure of anything. The way things ended…" I thought back to that steamy last kiss he'd given me, how it had been filled with passion and desperation. He'd helped me escape Wildman's clubhouse, putting himself in danger. I knew that if any of the Red Devils had found out what he'd done, they wouldn't have hesitated to kill him. The fact that they had shown up at his apartment just two days after I'd gotten there had given me reason to suspect that Rebel may have tipped them off to my whereabouts in order to avoid being killed by them.
Now, staring into the quiet eyes that were watching me carefully, I knew that Rebel wouldn't have turned me in. There was something about him separate from his outlaw persona, that told me he that wasn't anything like the Red Devils that I'd known briefly. 
Rebel had stopped chewing and was looking at me expectantly, and I realized that he was waiting for me to continue. I grew warm beneath his gaze, remembering how easily he'd mastered my body with his hands and mouth, and lowered my eyes to my plate. 
"I wasn't sure if you were still alive."
"And there was always the possibility that I wouldn't find you."
I reluctantly raised my gaze to his. "I didn't run away because I wanted to," I reminded him. "And I didn't know how to get a message to you. The men who showed up at your place broke the door in as I was going out the back window."
"How did you know they were Red Devils?" He picked up his coffee cup.
"I saw them through the peep hole. How did they know I was there?"
He shrugged, setting his cup down after taking a sip. "Not sure they were there for you. They ransacked the place."
I gave him a meaningful glare. "Like they were looking for money?"
He grinned, the sexy smirk looking too damned good on his rugged face. He'd showered the night before, but he hadn't shaved. I liked the scruffy look on his strong jaw. The minutes ticked by as I waited for him to respond. With a sigh of resignation, I went back to eating. The man was infuriating!
We finished our breakfast in silence, and when I was done I got up to take my plate to the sink. I washed it off and put it in the drain rack before reaching for the dirty pan on the stove. All the while, I could not stop thinking about the sum of money that Rebel said I owed him, and wondering how exactly I was going to pay it back. It would take me years. Fuck, it had taken me years just to save up what I had. I thought that maybe I should take Della up on the suggestion she’d had that we rent an apartment together. I could save more money each month that way. 
"What are you thinking?"
I started when Rebel came up behind me, turning slightly to see that he was too close. Instant heat surged through my body, the hair at the back of my neck rising from the heat of his breath. I took the plate that he was holding out to me and started to wash it.
"I’m wondering how I'm going to pay you back." I tried to calm my racing heart by breathing in slowly and ignoring the man behind me. That turned out to be impossible, because every time he exhaled it sent a shiver down my body.
"I'm sure I can think of a way." 
Was his nose in my hair? I held my breath, swallowing hard. The warmth of his body created an inferno inside me. I didn't want to remember the way he’d been able to make me feel things deep inside with just a touch, but it was difficult not to. It had been so long since I'd given in to my sexual urges. There'd been plenty of men who'd tried to get me there, but none of them had been him. 
I rinsed his plate and set it in the drainer. I knew that he was still there, and yet I turned around anyway. Suddenly his arms were on either side of me, fencing me in against the sink. I caught my breath and raised my gaze to his, seeing the smoldering flame in his eyes. The stamp of raw desire on his face caught me unaware. Just a moment ago we'd been conversing like two normal people.
Like friends, almost.
"I'm not going to use my body to pay you back," I said weakly. I wasn't a whore. 
He laughed softly. "Baby, your cunt would have to be gold to be worth that kind of money."
The prick! I reached up to slap him, but he was ready for me, catching my wrist in mid air. The next thing I knew he'd pinned both of my arms behind my back and we were flush. I gasped, feeling his enormous erection against my lower belly, remembering just how satisfying his long, thick cock had felt inside of me. My pussy clenched with need. No! I refused to give in to my baser needs before I was ready. Four years ago I hadn't had a say, but I did now, and I wasn't about to let myself be used.
"Let me‒"
My words were cut off by the hard, firm pressure of Rebel's lips. His kiss claimed my mouth with ease and expertise, and I hated him for it. I hated him because my will, already weakened, to give in to him was close behind. I struggled against his brutally hard body, closing my mind to all of the pleasures I knew he could give. Struggling against him was my undoing, because the only thing my brain registered was the hard cock that was digging into me. Liquid heat pooled between my legs, dragging a moan from me.
My lips parted beneath his, allowing his tongue entry into my mouth. Our tongues embarked on a battle of give and take, tasting, exploring, and claiming one another. His groan vibrated against me. I knew that I was in trouble when he began to grind his hard-on against me, and the hands that were holding my wrists imprisoned at the small of my back tightened. He transferred both wrists into one of his large hands and clamped the other one at my waist. I was weak with arousal by the time his hand glided up beneath my crop top to cup my breast.
I pressed my flesh out instinctively, trembling wildly when he plucked and tweaked my nipple. Suddenly I was thrust back to four years earlier, when nothing had mattered except for the mind-numbing pleasure that had coursed through my body, allowing me to forget, if just for a moment, the impossible situation that I'd been thrown into. I'd willingly offered my body to Rebel back then, as I was doing now.
I was so weak!
I vaguely heard a phone ring, my whimpers all but drowning out the sound. Rebel groaned, pulling away. I was certain that my expression mirrored the raw lust that I saw on his face, with burning eyes and flaring nostrils. We were both out of breath. But by the time Rebel answered his phone, one would never have guessed that we'd been in the middle of consuming each other with a kiss. He sounded in control.
"Yeah?" he growled, pulling away from me.
I relaxed against the sink, gulping in deep breaths, my heart all but pounding out of my chest. How could I have let him get to me so fast? I watched, because I was too weak to move, as Rebel walked away from me. He was totally engrossed in his conversation, while I was left breathless and trembling with arousal. How could he turn it off so quickly?
When he turned back toward me I could see that he was still sporting a strong erection. Our gazes met, and my clit throbbed.
I had to get out of there!
I ran to my bedroom and locked myself in to get dressed for work. 





Chapter 9

Rebel

Past 

"Everyone shut the fuck up!" Wildman shouted from his place at the head of the table. One of the club whores was sitting on his lap, naked and obviously high.
It didn't take long for everyone to quiet down and focus their attention on the bastard that was enveloped in a thick cloud of cigar smoke. The table was too small for all of us to sit at, so the men who hadn’t been able to get a seat found a place to lean against. It was obvious that the room had once been used as some kind of break room, the table not much more than an oblong, cafeteria-style table that you would see in a school. There was an old fridge against the wall, next to a small sink and a cupboard area. One large window, the kind that didn't open up, gave off the only light and a view of an overgrown field beyond. The whole fucking clubhouse was a joke, just like Wildman.
No serious MC that I knew of would hold church in a room that was so easily assessable. Hell, the one at Dark Menace was sound proof, windowless, and under tight security. Women weren't allowed in. Personal files of all the members and clients were kept there, along with information on pending jobs and shit that involved other clubs. It was also where we kept the safes. 
It was the first time that I'd been in this room. Glancing around, I didn't see anything that would be useful to my club, so I hoped the information that Wildman was about to divulge would make up for that. My president, Stone, and Lynch, the president of Wild Marauders, was getting impatient, especially after a move on Lynch's woman, Kat, had been made. I hadn't liked it, but I'd been involved in that mess. Thank fuck I'd managed to get a message to Stone about Kat’s whereabouts in time for her to be rescued before too much damage had been done. Fuck, she'd done her own damage by taking out Killer, the president of the club, who Wildman had wanted to patch over.
Kat had done Wild Marauders, Dark Menace, and Phantom Riders a solid by taking him out.
"Fucking Dark Menace has something that belongs to me," Wildman grunted out, while playing with the whore's tits. She seemed oblivious to what he was doing. "And we're going to get her back."
Fuck, who was “she?” 
"Who?" Rocky asked, sucking on a joint.
"My step-daughter." Shocked murmurs traveled around the room at his comment."Been looking for her and her fucking mother for years since they ran out on me. The bitch is dead, but I just found out Rachel is being held with Stone as collateral until a debt is paid by her brother-in-law."
"How'd you find that out?" Bud, his road captain, snarled.
The grin that came over Wildman's craggy face was anything but humorous. "Her brother-in-law is Ronald Manson. The stupid fuck shared some information with one of our boys when he stopped in at Ronald's shop to get a tattoo. He was whining Dark Menace tacked on a large chunk of interest on some money he owed them," he snorted. "Fuckers cut off his fucking fingers."
"How the hell he still doing tats?"
"Cut them off his right hand, Ronald's a lefty."
"Convenient," someone murmured in a cynical tone.
Wildman nodded, his tongue coming out to play with the piercing in his lip. "Yeah, I thought it could be a fucking set-up too. That's why I sent a few of our brothers over to pick up Ronald and his bitch wife. She's Rachel's half-sister. I figured we'd use her to get to Rachel." 
"Never knew you had a wife and step-daughter, brother. You don't exactly come across as a family man." My comment drew chuckles from the men, including Wildman.
"That shit happened a long time ago. Kept the mother around because the girl was fucking hot. Got hotter as she got older. The mother watched over her like a fucking hawk, so I knew I'd have to bide my time until the girl was old enough to fuck." I laughed along with him to show him that I was on board. I thought about Ginger and what I'd had to do to her to keep her alive. I wasn't any better than this sick fuck, and it left a bitter taste in my mouth. "Then one day they just up and fucking disappeared."
"I’m surprised you didn't just kill the mother and fucking take the girl," someone said, which was exactly what I'd been thinking.
"What, you think I'm an animal?" Wildman laughed at his own joke. "I ain't always been a sick fuck." More laughter rippled throughout the room. I could believe that, and I wondered what had happened in his life to turn him into the monster that he was now. If I’d had to guess I would have said that it had a lot to do with all of the booze and drugs he consumed, but he didn't seem in any hurry to share it with us. 
I remained quiet after that, deciding to gather as much information about Wildman's plans as I could. I'd need to get a message to Stone about what was going on. I'd gotten wind that he had a woman, my gut telling me that it was the same one that Wildman wanted to get his hands on. His step-daughter? I could see it in his crazed eyes, he didn't want a familial relationship with her. He was going to use her and defile her as he'd done to countless other innocent girls.
"By the time church is over Dark Menace will have received a loud and clear message that I'm not fucking around." He laughed gruffly. "And my step-daughter will know that I'm determined to get her back. She'll come to me willingly if she wants to see her sister alive again."
Fuck. That was plain enough, but I was more concerned with the delivery of his message than the words themselves. It sounded as if I wouldn't have time to tip Stone off that something was about to happen. Wildman didn't do shit the way that other club presidents did. His holding church was more him telling his brothers what he'd already done than it was about bringing shit to the table for a vote. He was a fucking dictator, and his little army of soldiers was too stupid to know that this wasn't how you ran a MC. 
"As soon as Ronald delivers my message to Stone I expect to hear from the bastard." Wildman’s laugh was pure evil. "Stone, that is, not Ronald--he won't be able to talk. I wish I could be there when Rachel sees what we’re going to do to her brother-in-law. That will be enough to convince her she'd better do as I say if she doesn't want her sister to end up the same way."
I could only imagine what Wildman had in store for Ronald. I had just reached the conclusion that Wildman’s version of church was a fucking waste of time when things suddenly got interesting.
"Now let’s get to the real business,” Wildman said seriously. “We're here to discuss ending the three MCs that tried to end us at the Predator's clubhouse. I want those fuckers underground."
"Gonna be hard to do, considering they practically wiped out the Predators and half of our brothers," a man who had managed to get a seat at the table spoke up. Wildman glared at him, and the man shrugged. "It's the truth, Prez. And Lynch's bitch killed their president," he reminded him.
I hid my smile. The Predators hadn't been a threat to us. They'd been a newer club that had been looking to ramp up their reputation by affiliating themselves with the Red Devils. That had backfired on them when Wildman, seeing the opportunity to bring his numbers up, had coerced Killer into patching over his entire club by threatening harm to their women and families.
All that had gone to shit when Lynch and Stone had gone to the Predators' clubhouse in Coös County to rescue Kat. They'd done some serious damage by the time it was over. 
"We gonna go after them at the same time?" a brother leaning against the fridge asked.
Snorting loudly, Wildman snapped, "No dumb ass." He took a deep puff of his cigar, releasing a thick plume of blue smoke right into the face of the chick that was half-sleeping on his lap. "We'll start with Dark Menace, since we'll be dealing with them soon. We'll draw them away from their clubhouse and when they're too far away to do anything about it we'll go in, shoot anything that moves, and burn them down." 
Several grunts and murmurs went around the room, followed by head nods that indicated that the group was on board with Wildman's plan. 
"We should take their bitches, though," a brother by the name of Horace said. "We can always use new pussy 'round here."
"So how we gonna draw them away from their clubhouse?" Rocky asked, his eyes glued to the tits on display.
Wildman rubbed the lower half of his face before tugging thoughtfully on his beard. "I’m thinking that when I get my hands on my step-daughter, Stone will want her back. We'll have control, and the say on where the rendezvous will take place."
"Thought you wanted the bitch for yourself." I decided that it was time to add to the conversation. "So you're just gonna use her to get to Stone?"
"Fuck, no!" Wildman snarled, drawing a cry from the girl on his lap when he squeezed her tit too hard. "That girl is fucking mine, but if he's claimed her he'll do everything within his power to get her back. That means the fucker will make mistakes. He won't be thinking clearly when he's got pussy on his mind."
If he thought that Stone was that weak then he was a fucking fool. 
"All we can do now is wait, but I want all you brothers ready. Fuck all the pussy you want, but watch the drugs and booze for the next few days. If we go to war I don't want a bunch of fucked-up pussies behind me. Once we take out Dark Menace, we'll go after Wild Marauders."
Wildman was delusional, proof that the drugs and the alcohol had done some damage to his brain after years of overuse. There was no way Red Devils was savvy enough to destroy my club, but that didn't mean that they weren't dangerous. And Wildman was a lucky bastard. He always managed to get away when shit went south. I'd have to keep my ears and eyes open to make sure that I didn't miss any vital information that I could pass on. That would mean I would have to spend more time in the bar with one of the whores on my lap.
The sound of Wildman’s cell phone vibrating in his back pocket alerted us that he was receiving a phone call. He dumped the girl off his lap and reached for the phone, and a big sneer spread across his face when he looked down and saw who the call was from. 
He looked up at all of us without answering it. "It's done!" he said with vehemence. "I don't think I'll wait for Stone to get in touch with me." He scrolled through his contact list, hit a number, and it was answered on the other end almost instantly. “You get my fucking message?” 
He didn’t speak as Stone answered him.
Wildman's laugh was grating and humorless. “I want my girl back.” There was a short pause. “You know who the fuck I’m talking about,” he said with force. “That cute little piece you’re holding as collateral.”
His expression revealed that he didn't like the response that he got from Stone.
“I want my fuckin’ property back!” Wildman snarled like a rabid animal, all but foaming at the mouth.  “Been looking for that bitch and her mother for years. I—”
He stopped as Stone cut him off.
Wildman growled, “Yeah, we got her fuckin’ skinny-ass sister." That was news to me. Where were they keeping her? "Gotta tell ya, chick doesn’t have the stamina to survive my bunch. They’ll tear her to pieces when I give her up." He paused for a moment to let his words sank in.  "Here’s how shit’s gonna go,” he began, sounding over-confident. “You give me back my girl, her sister gets to live. You don’t give her back to me, and her sister joins her man in hell. Then I come after your club and take back what’s mine anyway. Your choice.”
He'd made a big mistake threatening Stone. I could just imagine the seething anger that was running through my president in response to Wildman's confident smugness. 
Wildman reached down to the girl who was now on the floor and twisted her nipple until she screamed. “You hear that? And that was just a nipple twist.” He laughed cruelly. The prick was passing off the whore as Rachel's sister. A second later he dropped his phone down on the table, taking a deep breath of satisfaction.
 Fucker.
All of a sudden the door opened and a prospect stepped into the room. A scream could be heard from the room beyond. My gut told me that it was Rachel's sister. 
"We got her, Prez!"
"Good. Lock the bitch up until we need her." He reached down for the dazed girl at his feet and hauled her up onto his lap again, sitting her spread eagle over him. "Now you fuckers get out! My dick needs draining!" He began to nuzzle her tits roughly.
As soon as church was over I returned to my room, determined to get Ginger out of here. 





Chapter 10

Ginger

Present 

I was behind the bar helping Stevie out, so freaking thankful that it was the last day of Bike Week. Even though it would take a few days before the visiting bikers were all gone from town, the rush, hassle, and constant running would slow down considerably once the festivities were over. On a normal day we were busy, but it was nothing like the intensity and the crazy atmosphere that we had survived in the last five days. Della had remained home, as ordered. Vinny hadn't liked it, but he'd just have to get over it. Sometimes the man could be so insensitive!
I was wiping down the bar while Stevie was preparing an order for me, trying, but failing, to ignore Rebel where he sat in the corner. The man was too sexy for his own good, and I'd watched him shoot down several attempts from women who'd offered to keep him company. He was in a dark corner booth, almost invisible in the shadows, nursing a glass of whiskey in his strong, capable hands. I knew that he was watching me. I could feel his burning stare follow me wherever I went, and it was unnerving. I knew why he was hanging around--he was worried about his money, but we needed to have a talk to figure out some kind of payment plan. Surely he knew that it was going to take me some time to come up with the full amount.
I couldn’t help but feel that there was more to Rebel’s sudden reappearance in my life than he was letting on, but I pushed aside the suspicious thought that this went deeper than any debt that I owed him. I'd never forgotten him. How could I, when he'd taken my virginity? It was more than that, though. He hadn't just plowed through it and fucked me as if I'd been a whore, leaving me traumatized and torn up, which he could have done. No, he'd been patient and almost caring, and that coupled with the way he had helped me escape, he had turned a hopeless, frightening situation into a memory that I could live with. 
I'd fallen half in love with him during those brief days.
"Here, honey."
I smiled, taking the full tray that Stevie held out to me. The bar had only been open for a couple of hours and was already bustling. Stevie hadn't stopped pouring drinks and Vinny was helping George in the kitchen, making up sandwiches and wings. Vinny may have liked to complain about having to help, but he couldn't complain about how good business had been all week. We'd all benefited in a big way. I'd be able to pay Rebel back another thousand, bringing what I truly owed him down to a grand.
I went to the table to drop off my order. Two tables had been pushed together, and I saw the cuts of two different biker clubs on the men who were sitting together. They were rowdy but friendly, and their women appeared to be a little classier than some of the others that I'd seen. I thought to myself that they must be old ladies and not the club groupies who usually clung to the bikers like blood-sucking leeches. There was a big difference in how these women dressed and acted compared to the typical women who accompanied the bikers, and the men at the table treated them with a respect and tolerance that made it apparent that they loved their women.
"Thanks, darlin', can you check on our food order?"
I smiled at the handsome, bearded biker as I was setting my last drink down. "Sure. I'll be right back." They'd put in a huge order of wings and sandwiches. 
The front door of the restaurant opened as I was on my way by, and another biker walked in. He was big, like Rebel, though a little older with a touch of gray in his dark hair. He had the look of a man who’d seen and done it all, yet his expression was light-hearted, almost friendly. The fact that he wasn’t wearing colors told me that he was either a nomad, or he was doing what just about every other biker in town was doing who didn't want to flaunt his colors or draw unwanted attention to himself.
His sharp, blue eyes scanned the room before they landed on me, and I could tell that he wanted to ask me a question. Keeping the smile on my face, I paused and waited for him to say something. He grinned, revealing deep laugh lines at the corners of his eyes as he gave me a quick onceover.
"I’m lookin' for someone," he said, his eyes looking everywhere but in mine. "His name's Rebel." Finally, he focused on me. "He's a friend."
Of course they were friends. They had the same bad ass vibe and sexiness going on that just about every other hard-core biker did. "Come with me, please." I started to turn to lead him to where Rebel was sitting, but the thought that this could be a trap stopped me in my tracks. What if they weren't friends? What if this man was here to start trouble? I glanced back at him with concern. He stared into my eyes for a minute before breaking out into another grin.
"Relax, honey, I'm not here to cause trouble." He crossed his heart. "Promise."
"How do I know you're really friends?"
His laughter was sharp enough to cause several heads to turn our way. "Since when has Rebel needed a woman to protect him?"
I worried my bottom lip with my teeth, my gaze taking in the muscles that he was sporting. He and Rebel were evenly matched in that department, but this man had age on him and probably more experience, and chances were that he was armed. As I stood indecisively contemplating whether or not I should believe him, the biker's grin never wavered. He obviously found my uncertainty amusing.
"Can we get a waitress over here, please?"
I flinched at the sharp sound of impatience in the loud tone, and checked to see if it was one of my tables. It was Lola's. I looked toward the bar and made eye contact with Stevie to see if she'd heard the man. She had, and she threw up her arms in a gesture that said that she had no idea where Lola was. I saw that Carrie was hustling her tables, so it was left to me to take up the slack. I gave my attention back to the stranger.
"He's over in the corner table toward the back." I had to get back to work, and if they weren't friends I'd know soon enough. 
I rushed over to the table of customers who'd called for a waitress. "I'm sorry about that. What can I get you folks?"
"About fucking time," a blonde man who was dressed like one of the many college kids who came in regularly grumbled. "We've been waiting for thirty minutes. Where's the waitress who was serving us before?"
"She must be on break," I explained, knowing for a fact that she wasn't. Most likely she was in the bathroom. I waited expectantly.
He shook his head with disgust. "Service here sucks." If he’d meant to mumble it beneath his breath so that no one could hear him he'd failed epically. I schooled my expression not to reveal my irritation, smiling brightly, my gaze taking in his friends. There were four men and three women, and it appeared that he was the odd man out. Maybe that was why he was so irritable. "We're waiting on an order of wings." His comment reminded me that I had a table of my own waiting on a similar order that I needed to check on. "And we want a couple more pitchers of beer."
"I'll get right on it." I swung around and left before he could say anything else. "Do you have an order of wings ready for Lola's table?" I asked at the ordering window. George was working furiously at pulling several baskets of wings from the deep fryer. Vinny was at the side, making sandwiches. He didn't even look up to acknowledge me.
"Be ready in a minute, honey!" George hollered from his spot.
"I need an order for one of my tables, too," I told him before I left the window and went to the bar. "Two pitchers of beer, Stevie." She got right to it, and I glanced over at Rebel's booth while I was waiting, surprised to see that along with the handsome stranger, another man had joined him. His back was to me so that I couldn't see what he looked like, but he was a beast of a man. His hair was clipped military style, allowing me to see the thickness of his neck where it met his shoulders. All three men seemed to have the same hotness factor going for them.
"Here ya go hun." Stevie set the two pitchers down and spun around to fill another order.
"Orders up!" George yelled out.
I grabbed a large tray, set the two pitchers down on it, and moved to the window for my wings and sandwiches. My first stop was the asshole and his preppy friends. "Here you go," I said with a frozen smile on my face. As I set the basket of wings down I looked up to see Lola talking to Rebel and his friends across the room. What the hell? She was leaning against the table close to him, half-in, half-out of the booth.
It wasn't clear to me which man she had her sights on. All three were getting the benefit of her low cut blouse and too-short skirt. The flirty smile on her pretty face and the way that she flipped her long, blond hair were obvious attempts to get and keep their attention. Even from where I stood across the room from them I could see that Rebel's eyes were checking out her cleavage. I clenched my teeth. I’d understood her disappearing act when I'd thought that she'd gone to the bathroom, but now I was a little pissed that she was neglecting her tables to hit on a table of sexy bikers.
Well, it wasn't my business who she flirted with, and it was her job at stake. Vinny didn't have any problem with us coming on to the customers because he knew it meant bigger tips for us. He also didn't care what we did after hours on our own time, but he didn't like it when we ignored one table over another, especially when we were busy and short-handed. Lola was clearly crossing the line. Rebel's table wasn't even hers. 
Carrie came up to where I was leaning against the bar, facing the customers. "Can you believe her? She must be horny." I chuckled along with her. "Do you think she wants to take on all three?" I shrugged. "I wouldn't mind hopping on to that train myself."
I snorted with surprise. "You're into threesomes?" Or would it be foursomes? 
She threw back her head and laughed. "Hell, no! I'd do them one after another!"  Her heavily made-up eyes were focused on what Lola was doing. "Which one do you think she’ll go after first?"
I knew which one I would have wanted, and not just because we had a history, though it didn't hurt that I knew what Rebel's hands and mouth were capable of making me feel. He was by far the most drop-dead gorgeous outlaw I'd ever seen, and our attraction had been palpable from the start. The years apart hadn't done anything to diminish that. I'd tried to capture it with other men, I'd wanted to, but I hadn't been ready to move on. Hadn't accepted the fact I may never see Rebel again. The steamy kiss that we'd shared that morning had been filled with heated promises and had taken me from zero to a hundred in seconds flat.
I had to wonder where that kiss would have taken us if his phone hadn't rung.
As Lola sank further into the booth and sided up alongside Rebel, it became clear that it was he that she’d set her sights on. I fought the urge to walk over and yank her away, but I couldn't tear my eyes away from her and Rebel. He seemed amused by her flirtation, and he didn't appear to mind when she got touchy-feely with him. I, on the other hand, was fuming inside, jealousy burning a hole in my stomach. I had no claim over Rebel, and God knew how many women he'd been with since we’d parted years ago, but that had all been beyond my knowledge and control.
Besides, the thought of him fucking someone that I knew made me feel sick inside.
I steeled myself against my emotions, but I was only fooling myself. 
"There is something insanely sexy about the one she's sitting next to, but I think I'd go for the dude with the little bit of gray in his hair. I've always been attracted to older men, and you have to admit, there's something about him. Turns me on."
I rolled my eyes. Carrie's comment about being attracted to older men struck my funny bone because the man in question couldn't be more than forty and fairly close to her age, which was thirty-three. She was the oldest of us who worked at the restaurant, with the exception of Stevie, who was forty. I was in the middle at twenty-five, and Lola, of course, was the youngest and definitely the most immature at twenty. As she petted Rebel's arm he glanced up and our eyes met. I didn't like the sudden quirk of his sexy lips. If he was waiting for me to show jealousy, he was in for a disappointment.
I smiled and turned away as if anything he did with Lola didn't bother me in the least.
"Order up!" 
I jolted, surprised at the extra loud yell coming from Vinny's mouth. A glance at him revealed that he was looking directly in Lola's direction, and I realized that the level of his voice had been raised in order to get her attention. Carrie and I exchanged amused looks. Seconds later, Lola scurried over to the window.
"You don't get paid for sitting with the customers," Vinny grumbled irritably. "Work it on your own damned time. You hear me?" he snapped, his eyes flashing angrily. "Consider that your break."
When Vinny spoke to someone in that tone, they didn't argue with him, and he was right to give Lola hell, anyway. She'd been caught red-handed and had no one to blame but herself. She lowered her eyes, cheeks flushing red, and picked up the order that he'd all but thrown her way. What could she say? 
"Sorry, Vinny," she mumbled, turning away, but the smile was right back on her face once she was no longer facing Vinny. She gave me and Carrie a wink as she moved past.
Carrie and I locked eyes.
 "She looks like she might have gotten lucky," Carrie said in reference to the cocky smile on Lola's face.
"Good for her," I responded, sick inside. 
An arm went up, and I made my way to the table. 





Chapter 11

Rebel

Past 

I had two agendas on my mind when I left church and headed out to the bar. The first was to get a message to Stone, and the second was to find a way to get Ginger out of there. My gut was telling me that my time with Red Devils was running out, and I didn't want her anywhere around when that happened. I couldn’t explain why I felt so fucking protective toward the girl, but I guessed that it may have had something to do with my taking her virginity. Believe it or not, she'd been my first virgin, and taking her cherry had been sweet. She'd surprised me with her submission, although it wasn’t as if she'd had a choice. She’d known that there was nothing that she could have done to avoid it.
She had chosen the lesser of two evils because, fuck, who wouldn't have chose losing their innocence over dying?
As much as I wanted to get to Ginger and take her away from this place, I paused at the bar, realizing that I needed to get my bearings on what was going on with the others before I made my move. Wildman had said to slow down on the drinking, but it didn't appear that his message was being taken seriously. The men who'd attended church had crowded around the bar and were calling out their drink orders while a couple of club whores rushed to fill them. I knew a lot of men who could drink heartily and still function--hell, I was one of them--but these slobbering drunks were using drugs, too, and they didn't know when to stop.
I waited until most of them had walked off to one of the tables before asking for a beer for myself, and then stood back against the bar to watch. I figured that once Wildman was done fucking he'd come out, see what the men were doing, and put a stop to it. Until then, they would drink and fuck themselves into oblivion. I watched Rocky grab a whore and pull her down onto his lap, and I was thankful that he'd forgotten about Ginger for the moment. He pulled the woman's top down and began to nuzzle her tits, drawing a squeal from her when he bit down on one.
Another brother was already balls deep inside a woman who was bent over the pool table. Two others were double teaming one of the younger whores. She was naked and on her knees, sucking one off while the other rammed into her from behind. From the look on her face I could see that they were hurting her, but she didn't make any attempt to stop them. I looked away, disgusted with the whole fucking scene. Public sex didn't bother me, but these men treated their women like shit. They kept them naked most of the time, and used and abused them at will. Some had bruises that were in various stages of healing.
Dark Menace had club women, too, but they were protected by the club and treated with some respect for what they brought to it. Sure they were whores, and they were there to fuck any brother who wanted them, but they were clothed, fed, and given medical care in return. They weren't physically abused. Fuck, we had a strict rule about that. They were there because they wanted to be there. Our old ladies were treated like royalty. If Stone had claimed Rachel, as I'd heard that he had, then she must have been something special. I couldn't imagine him getting tied down by one pussy. He wasn't an easy man.
Two hours passed, and there was still no sign of Wildman. I was getting tired of killing time. When I saw Rooster come in, I knew that it was a sign that it was time to make my move. He'd been assigned to keep watch out front where the bikes were parked, and now that he was inside it meant that the front had been left unguarded. I finished my beer and took off to my room.
I knocked on the door. "Open up, angel."
Once Ginger opened the door I slipped inside, closing and locking the door behind me. She stepped back, but it wasn't far enough. I slipped my hand around her neck and pulled her against me, planting my lips on hers. It was an impulsive move, I suddenly had the urge to have her fucking mouth on mine in that instant. She opened to me like a flower to sunshine, meeting my tongue with hers. When I felt a stirring in my dick I knew it was time to put an end to it, but, damn, she was so fucking soft and responsive.
"I'm getting you out of here. Now." I took her by the hand and pulled her with me over to the window. 
"It won't open." I glanced down at her, taking in her slight blush. "I already tried," she admitted shyly.
I grinned, and then turned back to the window, taking out my weapon and smashing through it. Glass went everywhere. My plan was that the men would think that she'd escaped through the window on her own.
"I could have done that."
 I grinned and looked back at her. "This is important. You do exactly as I say. Yeah?"
"Okay." 
I grabbed the blanket off the bed and arranged it over the window ledge so that she wouldn't be cut by any of the remaining glass. "When you leave here I want you to run that way down the road." I pointed to make sure that she understood the direction. "You'll come across an old cemetery. Hide behind one of the stones until I come for you."
Her eyes grew round. "You're not coming with me?" I could hear the panic in her voice.
"We can't be seen leaving together," I explained. "Once you get through this window you run like hell. I won't be long behind you on my bike." I could see that she was balking and starting to pull away. I couldn't blame her, but I didn't have time for her shit. I grabbed her by the arm roughly and jerked her back. "This is the only chance you'll have of getting away from here, you got that? Or maybe you like the thought of all those men fucking you."
Her expression turned dark, and I should have been prepared for her slap across my face. But when her eyes flashed blue fire at me, and she raised her hand to do it again, I caught it in mid-swing. I curled my other arm around her waist and dragged her against me. "Fuck, woman," I growled between my teeth, "Another time, and another place." The fight in her fucking turned me hard.
"I‒I . . ." I could see tears building in her eyes. She lowered her gaze against me, biting down on her bottom lip. "I'm scared," she whispered softly.
"It's okay to be scared," I said, fighting the urge to kiss her again. "You've been through a lot. But now you need to be strong and fight your way out of here. Can you do that for me?" Slowly her gaze rose to meet mine, and she nodded. Damn. I knew right then that I wasn't done with her. "Good." I lifted her up to the window and helped her through it. As soon as her feet hit the ground she took off in the direction that I'd told her to run.
I headed back out to the bar. Thank fuck Rooster was still there, sucking down a beer and fondling one of the women. I went over to him. "Who the fuck is on guard out front?" I wanted to make enough of a scene so that my leaving alone would be noticed.
He scowled. "Who the fuck do you think you are?" 
I shrugged and held up my hands. "Just askin', brother. You want to ride with me to town?" I knew that I was taking a chance asking him, but it was all part of the plan so that I'd have a good alibi when they discovered that Ginger was gone.
"What do you gotta go into town for?" Rooster asked in a disinterested tone. He was busy sucking on the whore's neck. "Fuck, never mind. Can't you see I'm busy, man?" He began palming the chick's tit.
Without another word I headed for the door, making sure to make eye contact with a few of the brothers. No one asked me where I was going. We weren't prisoners, we could come and go as we pleased, but my situation was a little different. I hadn't been with the club as long as the others, and until the other night's bizarre test of loyalty they'd been keeping close tabs on me. When Ginger's escape was discovered, I didn't want any link to it.
I didn't waste any time mounting my bike and taking off in the direction of the cemetery. Three minutes later I came up on it and stopped, twisting my neck to look around for Ginger but seeing nothing. "Ginger!" Almost immediately her head popped up from behind one of the biggest stones. Seeing that it was me she rushed to me. "Good girl," I said, helping her on behind me. "Wrap your arms around me and hold on tight!" She did as I said and then we were off.
It wouldn't take us long to reach town. Wildman's clubhouse was in an isolated part of the country, but I knew a shortcut. I had an apartment there in an old Victorian that had been converted into an apartment building. Ginger would be safe there. As far as I knew, none of the Red Devils knew anything about it. I'd make my call to Stone, grab a sandwich from the local sub shop to explain my trip into town, and then head back. 
Once we left the dirt road behind and were on smooth asphalt I revved up my speed until we hit the town limits. I could tell that this wasn't Ginger's first time on a bike. She knew enough to lean into the turns with me, which made for a safe ride. I was constantly aware of her arms around me, and how close her hands were to my dick. God, what I wouldn't have given to be able to fuck her one last time. I clenched my teeth, trying to concentrate on making it to my apartment and not on what her hands would feel like on my dick.
The three story Victorian came into view, and I parked my bike on the street. Grabbing Ginger by the hand, I pulled her behind me to the front door, inside the building, and then to my door. I had a ground apartment, small, but perfect for me. Once we were inside, I locked the door.
"Why are you helping me?" she asked me, stopping right inside the door.
I continued to the kitchen and opened the cupboard above the refrigerator. "I'll explain the next time I see you. Right now I don't have time." I reached for the box of cereal and opened it up, grabbing one of the burner phones I kept stashed inside. "Make yourself to home." I walked away from her, already dialing Stone's number.
"Yeah?" Stone's tone was sharp and hard as steel.
"It's me, Prez." I headed toward my bedroom.
"Fuck! I was getting worried. Thought they found out who you are."
I laughed. "Not a fucking chance. They put me through a fucking initiation the other night and I passed with flying colors." I closed the door to my bedroom so Ginger couldn't hear my conversation. 
"What have you got for me?"
"Wildman wants your woman bad. He's making plans."
Stone snorted. "The fucker's already been in contact."
"I know, I was there. He's working on a plan to lure you away from the clubhouse for an ambush. He plans to kill everyone off and then burn the place down."
"Shit, Rebel, that's kind of generic," he groused.
"I know, brother. Wildman's a wild card, he doesn't do shit like other MCs. He doesn't take votes, he just comes up with a plan and says how it's going to go down. The only thing I know for certain is that whatever he comes up with, it's going to involve your woman, and it's going to be soon."
"I haven't claimed her." 
I could hear the grin in his voice. "Not what I heard." He sighed heavily. "Heard he sent Ronald with a message."
"Yeah. They gutted him, slit his throat, and sent him crashing through the fence around the clubhouse in one of our own fucking trucks. They took Rachel's sister, Maddie."
"She's at the club, but I haven't seen her. They're keeping her locked up somewhere."
"Fuck." I could hear his frustration. "I want that fucker and his whole club in the ground."
"You and everyone else. I've got to get back. If I hear anything concrete I'll let you know."
Once we disconnected I dropped the phone and crushed it beneath my boot. Then I picked it up and tore it apart with my hands before dropping it into the bathroom trash can. I could explain away a smashed phone, but calls to the president of Dark Menace would sign my death warrant. The Red Devils may not have discovered my apartment yet, but that didn't mean that they wouldn't in time. 
Ginger was standing by an opened window, staring at something outside, when I re-entered the room. Something alerted her that I was there, because she turned her head and met my eyes. She straightened from the window and turned more fully my way. I could see the questions in her eyes, and, fuck, I wanted to answer each and every one of them. I wanted to soothe her fears and protect her. For the first time in my life, I wanted to put a woman before my job, and that wouldn't fucking do. 
The club always came first.
Always.
I walked straight for her. "I have to get back. You stay here until I return. You understand?" I could see the indecision in her worried eyes. "You'll be safe here, angel."
"How will I contact you if I need you?"
I shook my head. "There's no safe way. I'm‒" I hesitated, not sure that it was a good idea to tell her the truth. "I'll explain everything when I can. You just stay here."  She walked with me to the front door. "Don't leave here for anything. Don’t open the door to anyone. I can’t keep you safe without your help."
"Why do you care what happens to me?" she asked in a small, quiet voice. 
How could I answer that without sounding like a pussy? I couldn’t, because I didn't exactly know why I was doing what I was doing, why I was taking such a risk. I stared down into her pretty blues, and then my gaze dropped to her soft lips. Christ, if I kissed her now I wouldn't leave until I fucked her up against the wall. I steeled myself and tightened my mouth.
"Wait for me." I went to turn the doorknob when she took me by surprise. Her small hands clenched onto my cut and she pulled me down to her, shaping her lips over mine.
 I let her have control, enjoying her timid joining of our mouths. Her lips were like velvet against mine, and warm, tearing a deep groan from me when her tongue finally slipped into my mouth. My dick punched forward, and I ground it into her lower belly, taking the control away her. Her soft whimpers were the only sound in my otherwise quiet apartment. I brought my hands under the cheeks of her tight ass and jerked her even closer, massaging the handfuls of pliant flesh.
Fuck. She was thrusting back into my dick like a cat seeking attention. My dick was about to explode in my pants, wanting inside her tight little body again. What the hell was I waiting for? What difference would it make if I took an extra ten minutes to fuck her fast and hard? We both wanted it. A woman didn't rub against you and kiss you like she was kissing me if she wasn't just as turned on. 
Before I knew it, I was walking her backwards toward the couch and then flipping her around and ordering, "Drop your pants and get that ass up in the air." She didn't question me. I watched her movements, the slow way that she exposed her delicious ass as she shimmied her jeans down to her knees. I undid my pants and did the same, taking my rock-hard dick into my hand. I gave it a few tugs, rubbing the leaking pre-cum over the head to lubricate it.
As soon as Ginger was in position I stepped forward and rammed my dick into her in one, strong plunge. She moaned, thrusting her ass back as I penetrated her. I growled loudly, closing my eyes and throwing my head back at the exquisite pleasure surging through my body. She was sopping wet, and hot, and her cunt swallowed up my dick and squeezed it tight. I couldn't hold back, she felt too fucking good, and I began to thrust, fast and furious, not letting up until I felt my orgasm peak. I slapped my hand against her pussy and easily found her hard little clit, giving it a few pinches, and then we were both losing control.
Fucking intense.
Her pussy clenched around me like a fucking hand squeezing my dick for all it was worth. Each of her convulsions drew a groan from me and caused my dick to swell and release with every pull of her body. I filled her cunt with my seed until it was leaking down her silky thighs. 
"Oh, God," she murmured softly, collapsing over the back of the couch. 
I grinned like an evil fuck, leaning over her back, too paralyzed to move. My dick was happy inside Ginger's body, snug in its cocoon of creamy heat. When I finally stepped back, we both released a moan. I quickly did up my pants.
"I've got to go."
She pulled up her pants and turned back to me, a small smile on her face. She acknowledged my comment with a nod. Seconds later we were back at the door. This time I kissed her, keeping it short. Something in her sad eyes concerned me, but there wasn't enough time for me to analyze it. We said our goodbyes, and I left the apartment without a backwards glance.
 I had no idea that this would be the last time that I would see her. 





Chapter 12

Ginger

Present 

"I scored one!" Lola giggled into my ear.
It was the end of our shift, and I was too tired to care if Lola had managed to snag one of her customers. I watched her dance away to clean up one of her tables. "Which one?" I asked, wiping down one of my tables and stacking the chairs.
"Honey, I didn't get a name. All I care about is getting his big, fat dick inside me and scratching the itch I've had all day."
I rolled my eyes. "You're such a slut." She just laughed. "I hope he has a tiny little dick. It'd serve you right."
"What would serve her right?" Carrie asked as she walked up to us with a rag and a spray bottle in hand.
"Lola scored one. I was just telling her that I hope he has a small dick."
"One of the hotties at that table of three?" Carrie asked with raised brows as she sprayed down a table top. Lola laughed like a giddy teenager. I rolled my eyes again and nodded. "Wow. You work fast. So, which one?"
I was the one laughing now. Carrie glanced at me in confusion. "We just had that conversation. Lola doesn't care to get names."
"Well, what did he look like?" She began stacking chairs.
"The hottie who was sitting in the booth first."
My heart dropped, but I schooled my expression not to give anything away. She was talking about Rebel. Fuck! I continued to work, when what I really wanted to do was run to the back. And then what? Break down? I had to remind myself that Rebel and I were nothing to each other.
"He's going to give me a ride home," Lola continued, oblivious to the turmoil inside me.
I kept quiet at that news. Rebel had given me a ride to the bar, so I'd naturally thought that he was going to take me home. Typical horny male. Diss one woman for the one who'll put out, and be obvious about it.
"So you think that means he's going to do you?" Carrie scoffed.
"Oh, he'll fuck me." Her tone was over the top with confidence. "I know how to lure a man into my panties." Carrie and I both stopped to stare at her. "Give him a wet kiss that ends with a little bite, run a finger down his zipper, or smooth my hands up his abs beneath his shirt." She shrugged, pleased with herself. "Never fails."
"What about your car?"
She shrugged again. "By morning he'll be so enamored with my pussy that he won't care that I told a little fib to get him to fuck me. He'll bring me back for my car."
"Is she for real?" Carrie rushed out in disbelief, glancing my way. 
"Maybe her pussy is gold plated," I mumbled, finishing up my last table. The thought of her and Rebel fucking wasn't an image that I wanted in my head, but it was there, very real, and taunting me. I couldn't wait to get out of there. I tried to convince myself that I didn't care who Rebel took home, but the truth was that I did. "Well, ladies, I'm done for the night."  I wasn't looking forward to walking home in stilettos. 
"Have a good weekend," Carrie said as I walked away. "Tell Della I hope she's feeling better."
Like Della, I was off the next two days, thank God. Maybe she would feel up to spending the day at the spa like we'd talked about, or, if not, the beach. I intended to relax and rejuvenate on my days off, especially after the grueling week I’d had. I dropped my cleaner and rag off in the storage closet and washed my hands, and then I pushed my way out the back door with the intention of walking the short trek home.
I'd taken half a dozen steps from the building when I heard, "Where the hell do you think you're going?"
I spun around with a shriek, my hand flying up to cover my heart. I recognized Rebel's voice, but I couldn't see him. I narrowed my eyes against the darkness, finally seeing the glitter of his sharp eyes as he slowly stepped forward into the light. His rugged expression gave nothing away of what he was feeling or thinking. The fact that he'd obviously forgotten that I'd needed a ride home pissed me off.
"Unless your bike has room for two more, I'm walking home." 
"What's that supposed to mean?"
I slapped my hands onto my hips. "How quickly you forget. Lola? You're taking her home, and then, according to her, fucking her." I turned to walk away, but his laughter stopped me. I clenched my teeth to fight the tears that were stinging my eyes.
"Jealous?"
He was a cruel bastard. "No. Tired. And you have to care about someone to feel jealousy."
"If I remember correctly, my exact words to her were, 'One of us will get you home.'"
"Well, she thinks it's you."
He snorted. "She just wants dick, doesn't matter from which one of us it comes from. I think Jace is going to oblige her. He's waiting for her out front. Now get on my bike, unless you'd rather go with Jace."
I raised my chin, angry at his indifference. I had a feeling that Rebel was playing with me, and I didn't like it one bit. "Maybe I would."
That seemed to snap him out of his coldhearted disposition. I heard the sound of a low growl, and my eyes widened as I searched the darkness surrounding us until I realized that the sound had come from him. "Don't test me, angel." His words were sharp and to the point, and held a threat that I didn't want to contemplate.
I thought that he had a lot of nerve to lay down the law to me. He had no control over me. I threw his words back at him. "What's that supposed to mean?" 
He took a step closer to me. "It means that you won't be riding on the back of another brother's bike. It means that I'll be the only one bringing you to work, and taking you home." He stopped too closely, causing a shiver to run over me. "It means that until your debt is paid, you belong to me."
He couldn't be serious! The absurdity of his assertion made me want to laugh. He had to be joking, right? "You're crazy!" I laughed softly. But Rebel didn't laugh. In fact, his expression hadn't changed in the slightest bit to show that he wasn't serious.
The back door opened and his friend Jace stepped out. He must have been in the restroom while we'd been cleaning up. He paused for a minute and lit a cigarette, and then his eyes moved back and forth between Rebel and me.
"Am I interrupting something?"
Rebel shook his head. "Naw. I thought you were taking blondie home."
Jace chuckled deeply. "I was gonna, but the lady took me to the bathroom. I'm not really into blonds, but she has a talented mouth and a tighter pussy. Got me off twice in less than twenty."
I wasn't sure that I wanted to hear how good Lola was in the sex department, but it appeared that both men had forgotten that I was there. 
"I have to say, she was expecting you, brother." He took a long drag on his cigarette. "But once she saw the size of my dick . . ." He trailed off, leaving the rest to our imaginations.
Rebel laughed. 
I'd had enough.
"Jace--" He turned his attention my way. "Would you mind giving me a ride home?" I ignored Rebel's warning growl. "I can pay you." 
Jace's mouth curled up at the corners. "Well, darlin', I wouldn't normally turn down a pretty woman, but the warning snarl I just got from your man tells me that if I put my hands on you there'll be trouble."
"He's not my man," I said stubbornly, shooting what I hoped was my own warning look to Rebel. But he didn't look worried in the least. 
Jace shrugged. "Maybe not, but you're his woman, and Rebel and I go way back. I'd never fight a brother over a woman." He took a last drag of his smoke and flicked the butt away. "Sorry, darlin'." A thin stream of smoke filtered out of the corner of his mouth. Then he and Rebel exchanged a look, one that conveyed a silent message that only they understood. "See you in the morning, brother."
Rebel acknowledged him with a subtle lift of his chin, and Jace walked around the building to the front parking lot. "What's happening in the morning?" 
"Club business." Short and to the point. 
I frowned, thinking about the Red Devils. "What club do you belong to now?"
"I'm a nomad, angel. Just like Jace and Moody. We do jobs for whatever MC needs us. Come on." He grasped my upper arm and led me to his bike. "I need to get a few hours of sleep before I meet them."
"So I take it that you're staying at my place again tonight?" I waited for him to mount his bike before getting on behind him. It irked me that he didn't even ask me if it was okay for him to stay at my place.
"Yep. We can deduct it from your debt." He made sure that my arms were snug around him, my hands linked at his lower belly, and then he started his bike. 
Only once on the way home did he reach back and jerk me closer, and then let his hand clamp down on my naked thigh. He gave it a squeeze before releasing it, and then we were at my apartment. By then I was tingling all over from a combination of Rebel's body heat and the constant vibration of the bike between my thighs. I supposed that he was used to it, but it was torture for me. With a shock, I realized that I wanted to come.
"Home sweet home." Rebel reached back and assisted me off of the bike. 
I stood waiting for him to dismount, but he sat for a minute, staring straight ahead. He seemed to be thinking deeply about something. There was a tic in his tight jaw, as if whatever it was that was going through his mind was unpleasant. His silhouette was strong and compelling, and for some reason I wanted to reach up and smooth away the unspoken worry on his face. I swallowed apprehensively as the silence between us became unnerving, wondering how long we would remain standing there, and then suddenly the sky opened up, drenching us within seconds.
Rebel dismounted his bike before I even had the chance to take off running. He was a couple of steps behind me when I stumbled in my stupid heels. With a squeal, I felt myself falling, but then he was there, his strong hands catching me around the waist. He half-lifted, half-pushed me under the protective overhang of the building. Laughing, soaking wet, I found myself being spun around, and then my back was up against my door. Rebel moved in close until we were flush, fitting his hard body against my softer curves. I froze, barely able to breathe, as he lowered his mouth to mine.
I opened my mouth to his instantly, meeting the thrust of his tongue with a moan of desire. Heat immediately consumed me, and I brought my arms up and linked them around his neck. He groaned low at my submission, grinding his hard cock into me as I fingered the hair at the back of his neck. His kiss was rough and persuasive, leaving my body on sensory overload. I felt wetness pool in my panties, my clit throbbed, and I tried to close my legs to appease the building ache there. Rebel's hands twisted in my wet hair as he ground his mouth against mine.
The feel of his hands opened up a volcano of need inside of me. Rebel didn't just touch me, his hands explored my curves with a hunger that was almost frightening. The heat of his palms cupped my breasts, his thumbs flicking at my already erect nipples, before he covered the full mounds and squeezed them almost too roughly. His deep groan revealed that his control was slipping. I whimpered with pleasure when his hands glided down my sides, then back up to caress my breasts again.
Our lower bodies thrust against each other, straining toward something just out of our reach. In spite of the clothing between us, it felt good. Really good. I ran my hands over Rebel's wide shoulders and down his super defined biceps, clenching my nails into his flexing muscles beneath his t-shirt. The man took care of himself, he was hard as a rock, everywhere. I could feel the size and power of his thick thighs against me and the way that they tightened when he ground his cock into my soft belly.
I was fully engrossed in what he was making me feel. I was so wet and needy between my legs that nothing else mattered, not the storm, or the fact that we were still outside where anyone could see us. Darkness was beyond the dim yellow light that was flickering just outside my door, but it might as well have been a floodlight. The longer Rebel kissed me, the weaker I grew.
I needed him.
I wanted him more.
So it surprised me when I found the strength to plant my palms against his chest and push him away. We were both out of breath, our hot breaths mingling where our lips were poised, wet and swollen. Rebel was a lot taller than me, but he'd remained bent at a level that put our faces within inches from each other. My pulse was racing wildly, and I clutched the material over his pecs to remain on my feet.
"That was some fucking kiss," he rasped, his nostrils flaring.
"It was intense," I agreed, trying to slow down my breathing. Lightning lit the sky, the bolt that flashed across the sky reflecting in our eyes. Suddenly, both of us realized the urgency that we had to get inside.
"Let's go inside." He dug for something in his pocket, the key, and pushed me in ahead of him. 
I heard him close and lock the door behind us, continuing further inside. "I'm going to get a quick shower." I would do that, and then check on Della before turning in.
"Running, angel?" I heard his hoarse, amused tone behind me.
Damn him, he knew what he was doing to me!
So yes, I was running.
It was called survival. 





Chapter 13

Ginger



I headed straight to the bathroom but the shower was doing nothing to cool the fire of need that was simmering in my blood, especially after the sultry kiss that Rebel had given me outside of my apartment. Damn him! He had a lot of nerve kissing me like that, and getting me all worked up. True, I was the one to blame for walking away once we were inside my apartment, but he could have come after me. Every woman wanted to be chased by the man she desired, didn't they? I'd intended to take a quick shower because of the lightning that was crackling outside of the window, but before I knew it my hands were gliding over my lathered body with a new purpose.
I needed to come.
My pussy was still buzzing from the bike ride and from being pressed close to Rebel's hard body.
I told myself that those were the reasons I was burning, and not Rebel's hot kiss.
I stepped beneath the spray and closed my eyes, letting my hands explore the pleasure points that would get me off. I palmed and squeezed my breast and pinched my nipple, while my other hand zeroed in on my pulsing clit. I wasn't surprised to find it swollen and throbbing, the flesh surrounding it slick. A little moan escaped me as I ran the tip if my finger up and down my slit, gathering the thick moisture there and bringing it up to my nose. All the while pretending that it was Rebel's hands on my body. I inhaled the arousal on my finger deeply, and then opened my mouth for a taste.
A deep, almost painful groan tore through the erotic moment that had been meant to be private, and my eyes flew open. I sucked in my breath, finding the shower curtain open and Rebel standing before me, eating me up with his predatory eyes. The fire in his eyes burned me where they touched, the raw hunger on his chiseled face exposing his intense arousal. For a second he reminded me of a wild and ferocious animal getting ready to claim his mate. 
And we all knew what it was like when an animal claimed its mate in the wild.
It was dangerous. 
It was breathtaking. 
It was unpredictable. 
It was ruthless.
Rebel was naked. His cock was long, hard, thick, and curved upwards. Pre-cum filled the slit, and I licked my lips. I'd never given a blowjob before, but suddenly it seemed like something that I wanted to try. Another groan erupted from Rebel when he fisted his cock and he began to jerk it. The whole time his eyes were intense on me, on my mouth. I licked my lips again.
"Fuck, come here," he growled, reaching for me at the same time.
He curled a hand around the back of my neck and pushed me to my knees, directly in front of his bobbing cock. I pushed his hand aside so that I could take it, and began to move my hand up and down as he'd been doing. His thick thighs tensed and he rocked back on his heels, a deep rumbling sound moving up his throat. I leaned forward and tentatively licked at the rounded head, catching the pearly-white cum on my tongue. It was hard to explain what that first taste was like, but it wasn't unpleasant. I glanced up at Rebel, our gazes locked as I slowly closed my mouth over him.
"Oh, fuck!" he snarled, closing his eyes and dropping his head back. "Suck it good, angel."
I intended to. I was enjoying the power that I seemed to have over him, and I wanted more. So I moved, swallowing as much of him as I could. Rebel was huge, and my pussy seized, remembering how he had felt. Recalling all the wonderful things he'd done to me with his tongue and mouth, I explored his hardness, marveling at the taste and texture, and in some small way, Rebel's body betrayed itself when I discovered a particular spot that gave him extra pleasure. A tiny twitch, his hands clenching tighter in my wet hair, a hiss and a groan, all gave him away.
I pressed my lips tightly around his cock, swirling my tongue over the interesting bumps and ridges that lined its hard surface. A particular spot that I discovered directly beneath the thick ridge of skin circling his bulbous head caused Rebel to react with more than one tell. He hissed, thrust his cock further down my throat, and held me tight against him. His whole body grew taut in that moment, and then he gradually relaxed.
"You're fucking good at this," he murmured, beginning to thrust back and forth. The hand at the top of my head began caressing, more than pushing me in the speed that he wanted me to go. 
I caught on quickly as to what a blowjob was all about, surprised to find that giving Rebel pleasure also gave me pleasure. A needy ache was ever present between my thighs, I could actually feel my clit throbbing. With one hand tight around the part of the cock that I couldn't swallow, my free hand didn't hesitate to find my clit. A whimper escaped me when I first brushed against it, it was so slick and sensitive.
Rebel must have heard me. I glanced up when I sensed him looking down at me. "Rub your little clit, angel," he encouraged, his thrusts picking up speed. "Make yourself come." His hand tightened in my hair.
I sucked his cock hard, sticking the tip of my tongue into the slit every time I glided to the head. On the way back to the root I lightly scraped my teeth along the length, feeling the quiver run through Rebel that he couldn't seem to control. Once I'd reached the root, buried in a carpet of springy hair, I took a second to lick his balls.
"Holy fuck!" he swore. I guess he hadn't been expecting that. His hand twisted painfully in my hair and he began to control the speed and depth of his thrusts. I learned quickly that when I felt the head of his cock hit the back of my throat to swallow, using my throat muscles to squeeze him tightly. "Jesus!" Rebel groaned, fucking my mouth so fast that his balls were slapping against my chin with a noise. "Suck, baby! Suck!"
I was, for all it was worth. And I was rubbing and pinching my clit, chasing my own release. It wasn't far away, climbing at a rate that I couldn't keep up with. Harsh breathing surrounded us as he panted loudly, while both of us reached for that tiny pinnacle of pleasure that would explode into body quakes of mindless, earth-shattering ecstasy.
"Oh, God!" I cried out, reaching the peak before it dropped off like a roller coaster ride. As an orgasm racked my body, Rebel grunted and held himself to the back of my throat, coming like a geyser. Warm, thick cum slipped down my throat, and I kept sucking, wanting every drop of his essence.
For a minute we were both convulsing out of control and sounding out our pleasure. As my orgasm waned I put my hands on Rebel's thick thighs, feeling the occasional shudder that gripped his muscles. I kept his cock in my mouth, leaning against him with post sexual bliss.
"Fuck, angel, I'm sorry," he rasped after a few minutes. "I didn’t have time to pull out."
I smiled around his soft flesh and released it to look up at him. "Does that mean that I'm good?"
"Fuck‒" He reached down and hauled me to my feet. The next thing I knew, Rebel had stepped into the shower with me. "I've never lost control like that."
That knowledge was empowering. "That's the first time I've ever, um, done something like that." As soon as the words were out I regretted the admission, but it was too late to take them back now. Besides, I wanted him to know the truth. 
That he was my first and only.
He released a long growl, taking my shoulders into his hands and pulling me roughly against him. "What about your sweet little pussy? You play with yourself often?" I lowered my eyes. I couldn't stop my smile, even though I felt heat fill my cheeks. Rebel put a strong finger beneath my chin and forced me to meet his eyes. "Don't go all shy. You think I don't rub one off when I'm in need and there isn't a woman around?"
"I'm sure that's not very often."
"That might be true, but it's always nicer when it's someone you actually want."
What was he saying? I was too chicken to ask. How could I anyway, when his mouth was suddenly on mine? I opened to the thrust of his tongue instantly, eager to give him access. The feel of his hard, naked body against mine again after all these years was deliciously overwhelming. The fact that we were in the shower brought back memories of my first orgasm by his hands, and then later when he'd taken my virginity. I couldn't help but wonder if he'd thought about me at all during the last four years, because I'd thought of him, and often. 
He was the kind of man who left a lasting impression.
His consuming kiss renewed my arousal, and passion exploded between us. I could feel Rebel's cock hardening against me, revealing that he was just as affected as I was. I was surprised when he pulled away, his was breathing hard.
I was breathing harder.
"I'm going to fuck you, angel. I'm going to pound my dick inside your wet cunt until you scream out my name and come so fucking hard." His dirty words turned me on. "Do you want that, baby?"
I didn't have to think about my answer. I wanted Rebel and all that that entailed. He'd been in my dreams for years. I'd come crying out his name many times late at night, when I'd been forced to use my dildo because the real thing hadn't been available. Whimpering with need, I could only nod, anticipating the kind of all-consuming rapture that only he could give me. 
"Tell me what you want." His hand twisted in the wet strands of my hair and he pulled my head back, exposing my throat to his hungry mouth. "I want to hear the words, angel. I need to know that you want me to fuck you." 
How could he not already know? I realized how much his filthy words had turned me on, and I wondered what hearing them from my mouth would do to him? I whimpered when his mouth grazed my throat in a series of gentle nips and spine-tingling sucks. My nipples scraped across his hard flesh, tingling with the contact. My pussy was pulsing.
"I want you to fuck me, Rebel," I finally said, giving him the words that he wanted. "I've waited four years to feel your cock inside me again, scratching the itch that you created. I want to feel your hot seed filling my pussy." I wasn’t sure where I’d found the courage to utter the words, but I was glad that I had. 
He growled and bit down on my shoulder, sliding his hands around my body to cup my ass. "Fuck, baby." He ground his cock against me. "You're not going to be able to walk straight by the time I get done with you," he growled. "You on the pill? Because I want to fuck you bare."
I shivered with arousal. It hadn't mattered to him before, but then the situation between us had been very different back then. And I was on the pill now. "I'm on the pill." 
"I always suit up, so I'm clean." How could he say that when he hadn't used a condom with me before? "You're the only woman I've fucked bare," he added as if reading my mind.
Oh, God, I didn't even want to try and figure out what that meant, but the knowledge did something wild inside of me. It made me feel that I had been different for him, and not just someone he had fucked for the sake of getting off. His confession gave me the confidence to act on the intense arousal that was flowing through my blood, and I reached up and grabbed him by the hair until our eyes met.
"Then fuck me now."
The animal sound of his feral growl echoed through my tiny bathroom, and Rebel's reaction was quick and brutal. First his hands squeezed my bottom, and then he was lifting me. I wrapped my legs around his waist at the same time that he buried his cock all the way inside me. There was no warning, just one, deep plunge that took my breath away. A long groan of pleasure erupted from me, in spite of the slight burn and tightness as he stretched me. I threw back my head and closed my eyes. 
Bliss. 
Total fucking bliss.
"Oh, God!" 
"Fucking hell, you feel good wrapped around my dick," he snarled, pinning me against the wall and away from the spray of the water. "So fucking tight, angel."
 He held still for a moment, but I could feel his cock moving on its own, pulsing and swelling like a great, threatening beast getting ready to conquer and ruin me. My nails raked down his back, feeling him stiffen against my assault. 
He leaned back and captured my gaze. "Go ahead and tear me up with those claws, baby, because I'm going to fucking own your pussy." He pulled back slightly before slamming back in. I moaned, enjoying the slight roughness and jarring of my body. "Your hot, wet cunt has been on my mind, and I intend to get my fill while I'm here."
While he was here? I didn't like the sound of that, but I was feeling too much to analyze his words now. My body was alive with arousal and the pleasure that Rebel was giving me. My senses were exploding with emotions that could have overwhelmed me if I’d let them possess me. And I wanted to. Rebel's hands, mouth, and cock were wrecking sweet havoc on my body. He was claiming my soul.
"Don't hold back," I pleaded into his ear, biting down on the lobe.
"I don't want to hurt you," he rasped.
"You won't." I clenched around his cock, relishing in the shudder that moved through his strong body. "I need to feel . . .” It had been so long, and I'd dreamt of this moment since the last time I'd seen him. It was silly, I knew that, and I’d known that chances of us ever seeing each other again had been slim after I'd run away. I'd often wondered if he'd survived his days in the Red Devils.
"I need hard and fast," I demanded, meeting him thrust for thrust.
"Whatever you want, baby," Rebel growled, picking up speed. 
He began to piston in and out of me with rapid precision, going deeper and deeper until the head of his cock hit a barrier. I scraped his scalp with my nails, twisting my hands in his hair, and tightening my walls around him when he was buried to the hilt. His sharp hiss was my reward.  
"So fucking tight," he grumbled deeply, plowing through my pussy without mercy. He took a minute to run his mouth over my breasts, sucking and biting the quivering peaks before settling his hot mouth on my nipples. I cried out, thrusting my breasts out to him and rolling my head back onto my shoulders. "I could fucking spend all night with these tits," he grated around an erect nub. "So fucking tasty."
His hands tightened against my ass as he continued to pull me onto his cock. Each time, Rebel made sure to slide over my clit, the stimulation bringing me to the edge. I was going to orgasm any second, and it was going to be devastating. It would be a miracle if I survived the volcanic rush surging through my blood. The point of no return came when one of Rebel's fingers searched between my butt cheeks and breached the tiny hole of my rectum.
"Rebel‒" I sucked in my breath at the unexpected invasion.
He ignored the slight panic in my voice, pulling away from my breasts to look into my eyes. His face was taut with arousal, everything about his expression looked primal, almost feral. "Come on my dick, angel. I want to feel your cream flood around me." He began to wiggle his finger in my bum hole and I realized that he was inching in deeper. I clenched my nails into the flesh of his biceps, not caring that I was tearing his skin. His cock and finger began to thrust into my body in sync. 
"Oh my God!"  I screamed, and bucked wildly when my orgasm claimed me. The fullness in my pussy and the thick finger fucking my ass set off a series of breath-stealing convulsions that I couldn't hope to control. So many different emotions were running through me at the same time, I was feeling too much, too fast. I couldn't catch my breath, and Rebel kept on fucking me right through my orgasm, unconcerned with my plight. I was sure that I'd never feel anything else like it in my lifetime.
If I thought Rebel was going to give me time to come down, I was mistaken. He had no intention of stopping, in fact he sped up, and it was clear that he was chasing his own orgasm now. He crushed me against the tile, grunting with every thrust, his hands clenched into my bottom to keep me exactly where he wanted me.
"That's it, baby," he groaned when I squeezed my muscles around him. "Tighten those muscles around my dick." I reached around for his nipple, twisting it hard. That was all it took to send him over the edge. "Aaagghhh!" His whole body stiffened and he slammed into me one final time, coming hard. "Fuck! Fuck!" he chanted each time I felt his cock pulse deeply inside me. 
The scent of sex surrounded us, something strong and arousing and totally pleasant. I lowered my trembling legs with a smile on my lips. I didn't regret what had just happened. Being with Rebel made me feel alive, and wanted, and there'd been something about him since the very beginning that had gotten to me on all levels. It had been more than just attraction, a mystery that I couldn't begin to understand. Love at first sight? No way. Probably lust at first sight was more like it, and the knowledge that what Wildman had demanded of us was going to happen, whether I'd wanted it to or not.
I'd decided back then to embrace the inevitable. 
Better then dying a horrible death after being defiled by countless animals.
So what was happening now? Why had I so eagerly accepted Rebel back into my life?  I didn't know what this meant between us, but the foolish, hopeful woman in me hoped that it was something more than just sex. 
"That was fucking incredible, but don't read more into this than what it is." 
Well, that certainly dashed my hopes in a cold and sobering way. I didn't even know how to respond to that. 
"I'm a nomad, angel, I run solo. I don't do relationships."
I stiffened. The sensual cloud of orgasmic bliss that had been surrounding me suddenly felt like burning, acid rain, taking my breath away. The change in atmosphere was palpable, but I couldn't control how disappointed and angry I was growing at his insensitive words. He took a lot for granted, waltzing back into my life, taking over, reminding me of how good the sex was between us, and then basically saying that it had been nothing special to him. So what had it been for him? Had he just been scratching an itch? 
Typical asshole.
I didn't wait for him to pull out of me. Planting my hands on his chest I gave him a strong shove. With a grunt he stumbled back, severing the connection between us in more ways than just the physical. I glared up into the face of his mild surprise. "Don't you think that’s something you should have made clear before you fucked me, that I was just scratching an itch for you?" 
"I didn't say that."
"That's exactly what you said. You're an asshole, Rebel." Gritting my teeth, I stepped out of the shower. I was so mad that I was shaking with it. I ripped a towel off the rod and brought it around my body, leaving the bathroom as quickly as I could. 





Chapter 14

Rebel



Shit, I'd fucked up. I should never have touched Ginger. I should have taken her friend up on her offer and given her a ride home. We both knew that it would have ended in sex. She would have scratched the itch, but would it have satisfied me? I hadn't lied to Ginger when I'd said that it made a difference when you were with someone that you wanted, and God knows that I'd wanted her from the start. I had rubbed one off many times with her pretty face on my mind. I couldn't explain why I couldn’t get her out of my thoughts, and I refused to think that it meant anything more than wanting to sink my dick inside her tight, little pussy. She was right in calling me an asshole.
I couldn't afford to have ties.
I was a nomad, wandering the country and taking jobs as they came to me, mostly from MCs that needed something done under the radar. The kind of jobs that were dangerous and could lead to long prison sentences if caught. Such was my current job that I was doing with Jace and Moody. The three of us worked together a lot. In a way we were our own MC. We trusted each other, we had each other's backs, and we were as tight as brothers could get. Each one of us had at one time or another been in clubs, deciding early on that we preferred to run solo. 
Right now we were looking for a politician's daughter. It wasn't news that she and a friend had been snatched up right off the street one morning while they'd been jogging, but there'd never been a ransom demand for either girl. They'd simply disappeared. Of course their families wanted them back, so they'd hired Jace's firm to find her. He had a legit business on the side that focused on investigative services. The Politian had ties with the local MC back in his hometown, and had gone to them for help, desperate to find his only daughter. They'd referred him to Jace.
Jace had contacted Moody and me for help, mainly as backup. Not that his firm couldn't have handled shit on its own if it had been a typical kidnapping situation. The fact that there'd been no ransom demand led Jace to believe that this was a human trafficking situation, and that was so far underground that it would be impossible to find the girls if you didn't have the right connections and resources. The people involved in human trafficking were serious about their business, and they had strict rules in place to make certain that the average Joe didn't stumble upon their operation, one of which was that they moved around a lot, until it was time to sell the girls.
I finished my shower, dried off, and slipped into my jeans before heading out to the kitchen. I noticed that Ginger's bedroom was door closed, but something about the utter silence in the apartment told me that she had left. When my gaze lit on the unlocked front door, I guessed that she had probably gone next door to check up on her friend. I padded barefoot to the fridge, opened it, and looked over the meager contents. Salad and sandwich stuff wasn't going to satisfy me, so I ordered a couple of pizzas and then walked across the short hallway to her friend’s apartment.
I rapped a few times on the door, and didn't have to wait long for it to open to a cute little blonde in a pair of loose pajama bottoms and a tank. She was a little on the pale side, which I contributed to her recent illness, and her hair was a wild mess. Still, there was a sparkle in her pretty blue eyes and a welcoming smile on her full mouth. 
"Della?"
She giggled. "Rebel?"
"Don't let him in!" I heard Ginger snap from somewhere behind her.
With an eye roll and a smile, Della stepped back and opened the door. "Ignore my irritable friend." She swung back to Ginger and said in a low tone that I was sure she didn’t think I would hear, "He's yummy!"
I entered the room just in time to see Ginger roll her eyes and cross her arms over her chest. My gaze ate her up. She wasn't wearing much, just a clinging tank and pair of boy shorts, both of which didn't leave much to the imagination, and, I knew that she was naked underneath. Her hair was still wet and uncombed, her cheeks rosy, and her eyes were flashing fire from the heated emotions running through her. It was obvious that she was still angry, but I knew the flushed look of sexual gratification on a woman's face when I saw it, and little Ginger couldn't deny that I'd satisfied her. 
She was a hot mess, and the sight of her made my dick twitch. 
"What did you do to piss off my best friend?" Della asked, still holding the door open, her smile giving her a little color in her cheeks.
As if she doesn’t already know, I thought to myself. I'm sure Ginger hadn't wasted any time in telling Della that I'd thoroughly fucked her in the shower and then ruined it by saying what I had afterwards. My gaze moved from Ginger, who was poised like a statue shooting lightning bolts my way, to the shorter, curvier woman standing in front of me.
"I'm innocent," I grinned, hearing Ginger's snort. "And I'm not staying. I just wanted to let you ladies know that I ordered a couple of pizzas and that I'm willing to share them."
Della's eyes widened into twin pools of excitement. "Not sure how my stomach feels about that, but I'm willing to give it a try. Pizza is my weakness. What time do you want us over?"
Another snort from Ginger, this time louder. "Yes, what time do you want us over to my apartment to eat?" 
I smirked, liking her sass. The door was still open, and before I could answer them, a tall, thin man walked up on us. He had a look about him that reminded me of the meth heads that I'd come across over the years. I didn't know what the guy looked like before the drugs had taken control of him, but the clothes that he was wearing were hanging on his thin frame, and it appeared that he had a nervous twitch. He barely met my eyes, instead looking directly at Della with an intensity that I thought should worry her.
"Who's this?" he demanded. "Heard you were sick, but it looks like you're cheating on me."
Della's eyes rounded and her jaw dropped. "Well, ‘hi’ to you too, Daryl, and I was sick as a dog for two days," she explained in a slightly pissed off tone. "This is Rebel, Ginger's man."
I glanced at Ginger and she remained mutinously quiet, her lips pressed together, but it was the hard look in her eyes that warned me that she didn't like the man. 
"Then why the fuck is he here with you?" 
The man was an idiot if he couldn't see that his attitude was starting to piss me off. I knew the threat even if the women didn't recognize it. He was on something now, his pupils were so dilated that they practically covered the whole brown of his eyes. The look on Della's face told me that she was used to Daryl’s appearance, but saddened by it. Maybe he hadn't always been a prick.
"Maybe because I am, too?" Ginger snapped, drawing his attention. Her tone backed up my earlier observation that she didn't like the man. "By the way, I took care of your girlfriend while she was sick. Where the hell were you?" 
"Shut the fuck up, bitch‒"
I snapped, grabbing him by the collar of his tee and slamming him up against the door. He grunted at the impact, and Della gasped loudly, but I ignored them both.
"Rebel‒"
I ignored Ginger too.
"You show respect, asshole." I grated the words into his face. "You got me?" I waited for his nod of understanding and released him.
He straightened his shirt and looked at Ginger sheepishly. "Sorry, Gin, I, ah, guess I got carried away." His lackluster apology was weak but I let it slide.
Ginger didn't acknowledge him in any way. Finally, Daryl appealed to Della, who'd been standing by, shocked, as if she'd never seen someone stand up to her boyfriend like that before. "Can I talk to you?" It was obvious that he was making an attempt to control himself. He glanced back at me before continuing, "Privately?"
I crossed my arms and planted my feet to show Della that I wasn't going anywhere. Whether or not she liked the show of support I had no idea, but there was no way that I was going to leave her or Ginger there alone with the asshole. My gut told me that he was unstable, and that there was an underlining violence beneath the surface of his shaky veneer. The slightest softening of Della’s expression told me a lot. 
"Sure," she said after a moment. She took Daryl by the hand. "Let's go to my bedroom."
I waited until I heard the click of her door before pinning my gaze on Ginger. "He's using."
Her eyes widened slightly, as if she were surprised that I'd guessed that all ready. "We're not sure what or for how long, but he's changed the last couple of months. I've tried to talk some sense into Della, I’ve told her to get rid of him, but they've been together a long time."
"Old habits are hard to break." She nodded. "Is he abusive?"
"Not to my knowledge. I mean, Della's never had any bruises or anything, and she would tell me if he was knocking her around."
"You sure about that?"
The look on her face said that it hadn't occurred to her before then. "We're best friends, Rebel, we tell each other everything."
I smirked at that. "Did you tell her about us?"
"There is no us!" she hissed. 
My brows shot up at that. "Who was that sexy little number I just got done fucking in the shower?" 
She pressed her lips, and I could see that she was struggling with what to say. It only made me grin wider. 
"I hate you!" she hissed.
I laughed. "Want me to prove you wrong?" She looked positively frightened at that prospect.
Before she could respond, the voices in the bedroom grew louder, loud enough that it became obvious that the conversation between Della and Daryl was about money, and that it was increasing in intensity. I could see the worry in Ginger's eyes as we both glanced in the direction of the door. My instinct was to intervene, but I reminded myself that it wasn't my business, as long as Daryl kept his hands off Della. If he put his hands on her in a violent way, then all bets were off.
I'd seen enough violence towards women during my time with the Red Devils. It had taken everything in me not to get involved. That's why when Ginger had been thrown at me, I'd done everything that I could to protect her from the others, even if I hadn't been able to protect her from myself. There was no way that I could make up to her what she'd gone through at my hands, and that was like acid eating away in my gut. 
The pizza delivery guy showed up, reminding us that Della's entrance door was still open. He began knocking at Ginger's closed door. "Pizza delivery!"
"We'll be over as soon as Daryl is gone," Ginger said to me, noticing him.
I hesitated, listening to the sound of arguing that was still going on in the bedroom. It was obvious that whatever was happening in there was escalating. "Baby, there's no way I'm leaving you here with that asshole in there." I pulled some cash out of my pocket and stepped out to deal with the delivery guy. He took the cash and I took the pizzas, taking them into Della's apartment and setting them on the kitchen counter. 
The door flew opened to Della's bedroom and Daryl came rushing out, red-faced and swearing beneath his breath. He avoided making eye contact with anyone and booked it for the open front door in an angry rush. Ginger and I exchanged a look before she took off in the direction of the bedroom, but Della emerged before she made it. The woman looked flustered and royally pissed.
She smiled in the face of Ginger's concern. "Well, four years down the drain, but it was long overdue. Once they start asking you for money . . . "She didn't finish the rest of her sentence, but it was easy to fill in the blanks. In spite of the four years gone, she didn't look all that broken up about the breakup. "Been down that fucking road before."
"Good riddance," Ginger remarked with a smirk.
A snort escaped Della. "I know, honey. You never really liked Daryl. He wasn't always a looser, though, you know? But the drugs . . . "She looked my way and smiled.  "Why can't I meet someone like you?"
I laughed. "What makes you think I'm a good man?"
She giggled, her gaze darting to Ginger and then to me again. "A woman can tell." Her lips quirked downward at the corners. "Usually." She winked. "And from what Ginger told me about your shared past, you treated her right."
"Did she now?" I rested my gaze on Ginger, wondering if she really felt that way, knowing that if I'd treated her right I would have told her about the money. Thirty grand had gone missing, but I'd always known that she hadn't been the one who’d taken it. I'd had several stashes of money hidden throughout my place, hoping to throw off anyone who searched my apartment into thinking that if they found one stash that was all there was. It had worked, because whoever had taken the thirty thousand hadn't found the rest. 
Ginger was right when she’d said that she only owed me four thousand.
I knew that I should have told her the truth about the money and let her off the hook. But if I'd done that there would be no reason for me to stick around, and I wasn't ready to leave just yet, not after running into her again after all this time. Years ago, when I'd finally returned to my apartment to find her gone, I'd made an attempt to find her. Starting at the bus station had been a good call, but there hadn't been much after that. After a while, life got in the fucking way.
I'd moved on.
That didn't mean that I hadn't looked for her when I was on the road, that I hadn’t asked around about her, even if I'd given up on ever seeing her again. I'd never stopped thinking about her, maybe because she'd been such an innocent, maybe because I'd been the one to take her cherry. Hell, I didn’t know why or what made her different, but something about her had gotten into my blood.
Not my heart.
Because I knew better.
I wasn't the settling down type, I wasn't looking for that special someone to get serious with and have a family. None of that shit was in my future, yet I couldn't fucking leave her alone. She'd said that she hated me, but I knew that she was scared over what I had made her feel. Fuck, she should be afraid of what she made me feel. If she knew, she would have fucking run. Women were a means of stress relief for me, and nothing else. No strings attached, no emotions, no repeats, unless they were club whores. The kind of women I liked used me as much as I used them. 
They weren't the forever-after-kind.
They didn't expect anything in return.
We both got off, and didn't look back.
"Should we have some pizza?" Della was the one who asked, and she was already making her way toward the boxes that I'd placed on the counter.
Before I could answer my phone buzzed. I dug it out of my back pocket and glanced down, seeing Jace's name. Fuck. He wouldn't be calling me unless he had news. I watched as Della opened the first box, eagerly reaching for a slice. My gaze swung to Ginger. "Go ahead, I have to take this call."
I stepped outside the apartment, closing the door behind me.
"Yeah?" I ran my hand through my hair.
"We have to make plans, brother. I just got wind that Marcus Duponte rented an estate on A1A. He's planning an auction tomorrow night."
Fuck. I'd heard about Duponte. He operated under the cloak of philanthropy, jet setting around the world and holding elaborate parties under the guise of garnering donations for various charitable organizations. He incorporated human auctions while he moved around, but the locations and times were kept closely guarded. The guests on the invitation list were filthy rich and exclusive. Of course, they were pillars of society, but no one knew who they were. He must have pissed someone off for one of them to have betrayed him.
"Fuck." That didn't leave us much time to plan shit. "The girl will be there?" 
"My contact couldn't confirm that, but it's highly likely. I've been in touch with Moody. Froggy's is still open another hour, I need you two down there five minutes ago." 
I released a heavy sigh. "On my way."
The fact that Duponte had rented an estate told me that he must have been planning this for a while now, and he must have rented the place under an alias. Usually his auctions were held in abandoned warehouses or underground. Once in a while he went all out and held the auctions in a much more extravagant location, which he only did when he had a larger inventory of girls, the kind who brought in the big bucks. Most of his clientele wanted them young and beautiful, but his specialty auctions focused on virgins. They brought in big money, and he was obviously counting on a huge payout this time if he was renting an expensive property to house the girls and prepare them for sale. 
I hoped that the Politician had given Jace enough money to play with, because something told me that getting his daughter back was going to be expensive. Unless Jace didn't plan to buy her back.
I would learn soon enough what his plans were. 





Chapter 15

Ginger


"God, where can I find a yummy biker like that for myself?" Della asked the second that Rebel stuck his head in and said that he had to take off, but that we should enjoy the pizza.
I huffed. "Are you kidding me? We just went through Bike Week and they're always popping into the bar. And besides, Rebel isn't mine."
"He doesn't act that way," she said around a mouthful of pizza. "Not the way he looks at you."
I didn't feel like talking about Rebel. The man infuriated me. "So, you don't look too torn up about Daryl. He's asked you for money before, so what happened this time?" We were standing at the counter eating our pizza. I was thankful Rebel had ordered cheese and pepperoni, but I knew that Della liked the works. Still, she seemed to be enjoying it.
She shrugged."He stopped paying me back. I work hard for my money and I don't mind lending it if I've got it, but don't keep coming to me for more when you haven't paid me back what you owe. Daryl didn't ask this time, he demanded, and it was a lot, Ginger."
I was curious. "How much?"
"A thousand bucks!" she exclaimed.
My eyes rounded with surprise. "Why would he need that kind of money? For drugs?"
"Who knows? Probably. I finally realized while we were fighting about it that I was so over him. Our relationship hasn't been what you'd call a real relationship in a long time. I know things change between people over the years, but you hope it's for the better." Her smile was more of a smirk. "I think I'll go back to one-night stands."
I laughed. "That's not the answer and you know it, plus it's dangerous." I reached inside her junk drawer for one of the many loose napkins that she kept stuffed in there from other take-out deliveries. "How's the pizza settling in your stomach?"
"Not too bad, but I think I'll stop at one slice." She rubbed her tummy.
"That’s probably a good idea," I agreed. "Do you think you'll be up to our spa day tomorrow?"
She nodded enthusiastically. "Hell, yes. After the week we’ve had? We deserve it. And let's go out tomorrow night, too. Somewhere far away from Pirates Cove."
"Sounds like a plan. I think I'll spring for a foot massage while I'm getting a pedi."
Della giggled. "I want my whole body massaged. I don't care if I did miss two days of work." I was sure the flu had left her feeling achy.
"Well, I'm ready to turn in. Do you want any more pizza? Because otherwise I'm taking it with me in case Rebel comes back hungry." She shook her head, so I picked up the boxes. 
"So he's staying with you?"
I nodded without turning around as I walked to the door. "I'm not sure how it happened, but it appears he is. See ya in the morning, honey." I yawned loudly. Her mumbled “goodnight” could be heard just before she closed and locked her door.


****

Rebel

Moody, Jace, and I were sitting in the back of the room against the wall, watching the sexy sway of the waitress's fine ass as she walked away after delivering our beers. The short shorts that she was wearing didn't begin to cover the cheeks of her shapely ass. The tits that she'd flashed at us hadn't been half bad, either. If it had been another time I might have been more interested, but after having Ginger my dick didn't seem interested in anyone else.
The place was still packed, even though it was after two in the morning. It wasn't surprising, considering that Froggy's was an old, established bar located right in the middle of where all the action was when there was action. The friendly waitresses were eye-candy, the alcohol was reasonably priced, and the food was good. Normally, the place was loud and chaotic, but things were quiet right then.
"So what's up?" Moody broke the silence. The three of us had been friends for as long as I could remember, but he was the one who you never quite knew where you stood. His expression was always serious, emotionless, and it was the coldness in his black eyes that made his weathered face appear to be cast in stone. We were friends, but that didn't mean that we knew each other’s secrets.
The twist of Jace's face told me that something was up, and that it wasn't good. "We’ve got a minor problem. The same contact who told me about the auction also said that the Feds are planning a raid at the same residence that same night."
"Then why don't we let them do the job for us?" Moody asked. "Problem solved."
I was surprised when Jace laughed. "Yeah, and then we don't get paid, brother." Shit, he was right, and it was a big payout, too. "I'm all for taking Duponte off the streets, and it's about fucking time the Feds did their job, but I'm not giving up a hundred thousand dollar payoff after all the time I've already put in to this job."
"Fuck," Moody growled. "I'm with you." He leaned back in his chair. "So we get the girl, we get the reward, and the Feds take down the whole fucking operation."
I snorted. "Just Duponte and his operation. We all know he's not the only one involved in trafficking."
"He's one of the main players, brother," Jace commented. "And if he strikes a deal with the Feds and talks, others will crumble. This could be a good thing."
None of us liked the fuckers who were involved in the selling of flesh.
"Then what's the plan?" Moody asked, finishing off his beer and holding his empty glass up to get the attention of the waitress. She acknowledged him with a nod and turned back to the bar.
"The Feds won't make their move until later in the evening, after the auction starts. They'll want to catch Duponte in the act. So we'll make our move early, while they're still getting the girls ready. There's a guest house behind the estate where the girls will be housed until the show."
"It'll be heavily guarded," Moody grumbled.
"Not necessarily," Jace countered. "This is one of Duponte's specialty auctions. Those girls are virgins, and he'll keep them drugged to cut down on any drama, and to keep them manageable. They'll be sold off and in their new homes before they even know what's happened."
I nodded, agreeing with Jace. "What about her friend?"
Jace shook his head, his warning clear, as the waitress walked up to our table with a tray with refills for everyone. She set a glass down in front of each of us, making sure to lean low enough over the table so that we had a view of her tits. Moody leaned further back in his chair and set his gaze on the curve of her ass, which was almost in his face, but as usual his expression gave nothing away. When she stood up, the sexy invite on her face was meant for anyone at the table who was willing to take the bait.
"Thanks," Jace growled in a tone that made it clear that he wanted her gone.
Her smile wavered, and as she turned around to leave, Moody reached up and grabbed her hand. She halted, lowering her gaze to his. "You busy after the place closes?" She shook her head slowly. It was clear that Moody made her nervous. "Meet me out back then." Her smile seemed a little forced, but she gave a brief nod and then walked off. I wondered if she knew what she was getting herself into. There was nothing soft about Moody. The man was a cold-blooded killer, and he'd seen and done enough shit that would turn most men into monsters. 
Jace waited for the waitress to get out of ear shot before he continued. "We go in for one woman, we come out with one woman. We have to keep our eye on the objective." He reached for something in his pocket. "This is her." He handed the picture to me.
I glanced down at it. The girl was beautiful, and it was obvious that she came from money. Even dressed casually as she was in the picture, she stood straight and proud, her smile perfect and radiant. I gauged her age to be somewhere in her early twenties. Her complexion was pale against the red curls framing her heart-shaped face. The green of her eyes, her poise, both showed a woman who was content with her life and didn't have a care in the world. I wondered how much of that innocence had been stripped away from her now that she'd had a taste of life outside of the protective gates of society.
I slid the picture toward Moody, meeting Jace's eyes. "Pretty girl." I leaned back in my chair. "What makes you think she'll be there tomorrow?"
He shrugged. "I'm going by Duponte's history of getting rid of his girls within a month of taking them. I want to get in and out without bloodshed, if possible. Duponte isn't someone you want on your bad side, he isn't afraid of leaving a bloody trail when someone crosses him. Even if the Feds grab him, if he finds out we were there he'll assume we led the Feds to him and we don't need that kind of trouble."
"Information like that gets out there, we'll be signing our own death warrant," Moody added gruffly. "No one likes a squealer."
Moody was right. People believed what they wanted. All it would take was a fucking seed of untruth to set off the rumor mills. I ran my hand through my hair. While the three of us were hard-core through and through, we were only three. Duponte had an army behind him that wouldn't be eager to see him go down because of the hefty profits they each made from his auctions.
"So here's what I'm thinking--we go in right after dark. There's a divider of trees that bumps up to the guest house, we'll go in from that direction. I don't want them to know we're there, but if it comes down to their lives or yours do what you have to. Keep in mind that if this shit goes south, Duponte will get spooked and close down before the Feds even get there. We don't want that to happen." He took a breath and reached for his beer. 
"You don't have any idea how many will be guarding the guest house?" I questioned Jace, watching as he chugged half his drink down.
Jace shook his head. "The guest house bumps right up to those trees, so I'm guessing no more than a couple, mainly to keep the girls from wandering. Duponte has no reason to suspect that anything is coming, and with the guest house located at the back of the estate he probably thinks that it's secure. We're lucky that there's construction going on right next door. We can park the van and go in from there."
"It would probably be a good idea if we don't wear our cuts."
Jace nodded in agreement at my suggestion. "We go in wearing black. When we reach the guest house you two will each take a side and create a distraction that will draw the guards away to investigate. I'll go in through a back window for the girl."
"How much time will you need?" 
"Let's make this fast and quiet. Give me three minutes, then head back to the van. I'll drop you two off and return the girl to her father."
"Where and what time are we meeting?"
"Here's as good a place as any. Six o'clock. We can grab a couple of beers and eat something before we take off. We'll change clothes at the construction site." He finished his beer. "Remember, the last thing we want to do is alert anyone that we're there. I doubt they'll miss one girl until it's too late and the Feds are already there."
Moody asked what I had been thinking. "How you going to keep the other girls quiet?"
"Tell them the truth," Jace replied without hesitation. "That they're going to be rescued by the Feds."
"That works," I grinned.
"Closing in ten!" someone yelled out from behind the bar.
That seemed to be our cue to finish up our drinks and get the hell out of there. Jace's plan was solid, as long as we got in and out without any trouble from the guards. If that happened, more than just our plan would be shot to hell. The Feds wouldn't be happy with us, either. I threw back the rest of my beer and set the glass down, getting to my feet.
"I'm out of here." I rubbed the bottom half of my jaw, suddenly tired as hell. 
It was already tomorrow. 




Chapter 16

Ginger

The pelting of rain against my window gradually roused me from sleep. At least, I'd thought it was rain. There was no doubt that there was a storm raging full blast outside, but in the middle of stretching against my warm, twisted covers I heard the muffled sound of a scream, and then a heavy sounding thump. I stilled for a second, trying to decipher was it was that I'd heard. The second scream registered more clearly, and so did the frantic pounding on my door. I shot up from my bed and rushed through my apartment without thinking, recognizing Della's panicked cries as I grew near the door. 
Her terrified screams sent a chill through me. I didn't even hesitate to open my door, but I'd been unprepared for the solid weight that had been pressing against the other side at the same time, and I stumbled backwards into my apartment. I was momentarily stunned, taking in the scene playing out before my eyes with disbelief.  Della was there, but so was Daryl, and he was going at her in a crazed, frenzied way with his fists, muttering angrily beneath his breath as he hit her mercilessly. I screamed and jumped him, trying to pull him off of her until she fell and they were inside my apartment.
"Let her go!" I screamed clawing at Daryl wherever I thought it would make a difference, trying to get his attention off of Della and onto me. He was like a madman, though, fueled by some unseen rage. I was amazed at his strength as he ignored my pounding on his shoulders and backside, and swatted me aside when I pulled at his hair. Undaunted, I went at him again, punching him in the side of the head and pulling his hair again until I came away with clumps of it in my hands.
Della had stopped screaming and was crying now, curling into herself with her arms over her head and doing the only thing she could do to try and lesson the pain of his blows. It was clear from her appearance that this attack had been going on for some time. Her clothes were torn and hanging off of her, her face was swollen and bruised, and there was blood. So much blood! Tears spilled from my eyes as I looked around my apartment, searching wildly for something that I could use as a weapon. I was certain that Daryl meant to kill her.
"Ginger‒" Her murmur was low and weak.
"Shut the fuck up, bitch! This is your fault! All you had to do was give me money!" Daryl cut Della's desperate plea off by kicking her in the ribs. The sickening crack sounded through my apartment like a gunshot blast. 
"You fucking bastard!" I screamed, jumping onto his back and wrapping my arms around his neck. I pulled with all my might, but Daryl seemed to have gained super human strength. I punched him repeatedly in the neck and head, not satisfied with the sound of his meager grunts. It wasn't until I bit down on his ear that I got the reaction I wanted. 
He swore viciously, grabbing at his ear and swing around to face me. "Fuck!" he snarled, spit flying from his mouth. "You're gonna pay for that!"
His face was a twisted mask of rage. This wasn't the Daryl that I knew. This was a monster. His face was red and blotchy, his eyes glittering with uncontrolled rage that made me wonder what Della had done to provoke him to such viciousness. He shoved me backwards with a sneer, clenching his fists at his sides as he glared retribution down at me.
"Are you fucking crazy?" I screeched at him, backing up with fear. I wanted to get to Della, who was lying motionless against the wall, but his threatening presence terrified me. Tears fell down my cheeks as a deep hopelessness suddenly overwhelmed me. 
"Yes!" he replied through clenched teeth. "I'm fucking crazy!" He was on me before I could stop him. 
My breath caught because of what I saw in his eyes. Death stared back at me, soulless and evil, convincing me that Daryl no longer cared about anything or anyone other than satisfying the darkness that controlled him. There was also desperation in his dilated eyes, which frightened me most of all. I pulled out of his grasp and backed up, holding my arms out in front of me as if they alone could stop him from getting to me. 
"Just get out!" I screamed, realizing that there was no reasoning with him. The door was open, why didn't he just leave?
He ignored me, stepping closer. "Someone needs to teach you a fucking lesson, too!" he seethed, more spit flying. "You're always around! Always interfering!" he snapped, his fists clenching and unclenching. 
"Daryl, just leave so I can help Della, please!" I begged, my heart pounding fast. "She needs‒"
"Shut the fuck up!" he growled, cutting me off. "I don't give a shit what she needs!"
I threw myself at him with a frustrated scream. I wasn’t sure what I would gain, but doing nothing while Della was suffering drove me to act. I couldn't hold out hope that a neighbor may hear the attack and call the police. In this neighborhood, folks kept to themselves and turned up their TVs to drown out the things they didn't want to hear. 
I managed to get a punch to his mouth before he shoved me back roughly. "You fucking bitch!" He spit blood and narrowed his furious eyes on me, wiping the corner of his busted lip. "I've about had enough of you!"
I landed on my butt, and glared up at him. For the first time I noticed the deep scratches lining his face and neck. 
"Daryl, stop…" Both our gazes shot to Della. She'd managed to pull herself up into a sitting position, her head rolling against the wall, her eyes closed. Seeing her condition, I didn't know how she managed to remain upright. "Le-Leave her alone. Please," she pleaded. The strength of her tone belied her appearance. 
It broke my heart that she was worried about me. I crab-walked backwards when Daryl stepped closer, bending over me slightly. Part of me was thankful that he was leaving Della alone, the other half scared shitless that I was now his target. I couldn't help but wonder where Rebel was. Apparently he hadn't returned yet from whatever business he'd needed to take care of. 
"Don't touch me!" I hissed, kicking out at him as he reached down for me. 
"You got any money, bitch?"
I just blinked up at him.
"Do you?" he yelled when I hesitated. I shook my head. 
A movement drew my gaze to Della. She was clutching her side, slowly tilting to the side. I could see the regret in her wet eyes and the trembling of her swollen mouth. I knew that she was in pain. It was painful looking at her. 
Daryl snorted. "I knew you'd be no use to me. Just like her," he grumbled with a sneer on his face. "You bitches are only good for one thing."
He brought his foot back and I knew that he was going to kick me. I braced myself for the blow.
"Daryl!" someone called out from somewhere close to the apartment. Suddenly a man appeared in the open doorway of Della's apartment, and halted.  
His unexpected presence stopped Daryl from kicking me.
"Over here, asshole," Daryl snorted, drawing the guy's attention to us.
The man spun around. "What the fuck, man?" he said, walking across the short space to us. He glanced down at Della and then back up at Daryl. "You were supposed to get money from her, not beat her up. I thought she was your girl." His eyes met mine briefly, before traveling over my body with leering interest. "Who's this sweet thing?"
"Della's fucking friend," he said with all of the hate that I was feeling for him right then. 
"She's cute," I heard him say to Daryl. 
"Looks like we're gonna have to find another way to get money."
The man's expression switched to slight panic. "You need it now, man! Wicked doesn't fuck around when someone owes him money."
"You think I don't know that?" Daryl yelled back at him. 
I'd had enough of their inane conversation, which, thankfully, had taken Daryl's interest off me and Della for the moment. Della was a mess. I crawled my way over to her slowly. I needed to assess her injuries, and as soon as I could I was going to call the police and an ambulance. There was no way I was letting that prick get away with what he'd done. 
"Della," I said softly, cupping her face gently. She opened her one good eye, a low moan escaping her. "Do you have your phone on you?" I whispered, feeling that the possibility was high considering that she was dressed for the day. She usually kept it in her pocket. Even before she responded I began to check her front pocket, trying to be as careful as I could. If I could get my hand on it without Daryl noticing, I could at least dial 911. "Honey, talk to me."
Her lips turned up in a half-smile, but all she did was moan. I kissed her forehead. "It's going to be okay." No phone. Damn! I took her hand in mine, and that's when she flinched and I noticed her fingers, which were bent at odd angles. She whimpered in pain as I frowned, trying to make sense of what I was looking at. My gaze snapped back up to hers in horror. "Did he do this?" I whispered sharply. The slightest of nods confirmed it.
I felt sick inside. "You fucking asshole!" I screamed up at Daryl. "You broke her fingers?" I was so enraged that I was shaking. 
Daryl shrugged, unconcerned, looking suddenly proud of himself. "She shouldn't have slapped me."
I was going to do more than just slap him. His smug look was like adding gas to the fire. I lost it, flying up at him with a snarl, intending to hurt him in any way that I could. "What is wrong with you?" I hissed, not really expecting an answer. "You're insane!" I cried, going for his eyes, my hands curling like claws. I'd obviously caught him by surprise, because he froze, and I managed to claw deep furrows down his face, to match the ones that Della had given him, before he grasped my wrists and held me back. I kicked out at him. "Bastard!" My hate gave me the fuel to force myself back toward him close enough to knee him in the balls. I took gleeful satisfaction when he released me, doubled over in pain, and fell to his knees. "You're going to prison, Daryl!" I would see to it.
"Jesus Christ!" his friend said sharply, coming up behind me and taking hold of me to keep from doing more damage. I struggled to break free. He lost patience and jerked me backwards against him, wrapping both arms around me and pinning my arms to my side. "Calm down," he demanded roughly against my ear.
"He deserves that and more!" I breathed harshly, ignoring his command. Daryl was slowly getting back to his feet. When he glanced up at me, I could see by his expression that he planned to hurt me. The door was still open, and I took advantage. "Help! Help! Someone help us!" I screamed as loudly as I could, praying that someone would hear and at least call the police. "Help! Hel‒!" A smelly hand slammed over my mouth, cutting me off.
I watched Daryl's hands curl into tight fists. He was breathing heavily, anger glittering in his cold eyes. And then he did something that I hadn't been expecting--he reared back his leg and kicked Della hard between the legs. She cried out in pain and slumped the rest of the way to the floor, writhing in agony.
I twisted away from the hand over my mouth. "Noooo!" Tears filled my eyes in response to Daryl's cruelty. I fought his friend with everything that I had, but it wasn't enough to gain my freedom.
Daryl grinned evilly, totally lost in his madness. He came over to me and grabbed me roughly by the hair. "You fight me, she pays," he groused, making his intentions clear.
I wilted against his friend's hold, silently acknowledging defeat. "You're a fucking coward," I hissed with feeling.
"Look, are we gonna spend all day here, man, or what? If they don't have any money I don't see the point."
Daryl looked like he was thinking the situation over, as if he had options. I kept my gaze on Della's quiet, broken body, anxious to get to her. Daryl had to know that as soon as I could I was going to call the police on him, he wasn't stupid, and Della needed medical attention. There was no telling what kind of internal injuries she had. As more time passed, the bleakness of the situation began to overwhelm me. Why didn't they just go away?
I finally lost my patience. "Della is hurt, she needs a doctor!" I rushed out in a pleading tone. 
My voice seemed to break through Daryl's thoughts, and suddenly he was focusing his crazed gaze on me. I didn't like the way that his eyes moved slowly down my body and back up again. There was a speculative gleam in them that hadn't been there before. It unnerved me, and I really didn't like the slow, knowing grin that spread over his face, as if he'd just had an epiphany.
His gaze shifted beyond my shoulder to his friend. "You know, Jack, I think I know a way I can get some money."
"What's that, man?"
"I met a dude the other night snorting coke in the bathroom of a bar. Struck up a conversation, had a few drinks. He got wasted enough to tell me that he knows a man who’s always on the lookout for young, pretty chicks. Pays good money for them, too. I don't know what he does with them, and don't give a fuck."
Dread began to fill me at the thought of where Daryl was going with this. Too many scenarios ran through my mind as to where I could end up. 
Jack grunted. "Why didn't you think of that before half-killing your girlfriend, man?"
Daryl shrugged. "She's always come up with any money I needed before now, never thought about selling her ass to get it."
Jack chortled. "Too late now, bro, look at her."
"Yeah, but we still have sweet Ginger."
Daryl’s lascivious gaze filled me with apprehension.
"Can you get in touch with this man?" Daryl nodded. "Then we'd better get out of here before someone shows up."
"No!" I dug in my heels and pressed my weight back against Jack. I wasn't going with them willingly. I wasn't leaving Della. 
"You have no choice," Jack grumbled in my ear, bumping me forward with his hips.
"Please!" I struggled to no avail. "Don't leave her like this. I'll go willingly if you call for an ambulance." I met Daryl's eyes. "For Christ's sake, Daryl, she was your girlfriend! She must have meant something to you once." Fresh tears escaped my eyes as I pleaded with him. 
He snorted. "She hasn't meant anything to me in a long time, bitch, except for easy pussy."
I believed him. Della had told me that their relationship had become nothing more than booty calls, and she'd grown tired of his asking for money. I couldn't believe how cold and callous Daryl was acting, though. He didn't seem to care what happened to her.
"Maybe I should just put her out of her misery."
I stopped breathing. He couldn't be serious! I'd never cared for him, I’d always thought that Della could do better, but I'd never thought him capable of what he was implying now. I was seeing a whole other side of the man, realizing suddenly that he'd been playing both Della and me, hiding his true self from us while he'd used her. How could we have been so blind? He'd been decent in the beginning.
Afraid that he might do just that, desperation made me rush out, "Rebel will be here any minute now."
"Fuck, we'd better get out of here," Jack said, beginning to drag me out of my apartment. "Leave the bitch, man!"
I heard the sound of the click on my door, realizing that Daryl had locked it, and then he was pulling it closed behind us. "You got your car?" he asked behind us.
I struggled to get away as Jack pushed me in front of him down the short hallway, satisfied now that Della was safe and Daryl couldn't hurt her any more. I knew that if they managed to get me into their car that I would be in big trouble. Panic caused me to squirm, and I began to cry out for help again, hoping to leave a witness to a barefoot woman being taken away against her will.
I knew my disappearance wouldn't go unnoticed. Rebel would find me. So I screamed as loudly as I could and lashed out at Jack, clipping him on the side of his head. I knew that I'd caught him unaware when he stumbled back with a grunt, but instead of releasing me his hand clenched tighter around my arm. He didn't seem to have the same violent tendencies as Daryl.
With a sound of angry frustration, Daryl snatched me roughly from Jack, slapped me hard enough for me to see stars, and then threw me up against the wall. The breath whooshed out of my lungs with the force of my back slamming against the stucco wall, and before I could react, his hand was wrapping around my neck tightly. He lowered his face close to mine, baring his teeth like a rabid dog.
"Listen, you fucking bitch," he began with a breath so sour that it made me gag. "You'll come willingly with us, or I won't hesitate to go back and finish Della off. It won't take much for me to kick the door in, you got me?" he snarled. I was trapped by the evil glint in his eyes, noticing that they weren't as dilated as they had been before.  
I didn't want to take a chance that he would kick the door in, and he didn't give me time to respond. He yanked me away from the wall with a jerk and dragged me behind him. I glanced around as he led me toward the parking lot, feeling more and more fear set in. My mind raced with everything that had happened, and the terror of what might happen next made me feel sick inside.
The next thing I knew I was being forced down on the floor into the back of a fairly new Camaro. 





Chapter 17

Rebel

I pulled into the parking lot of Ginger's apartment complex just as a black Camaro screeched out onto the main road. I flipped the driver the bird because his reckless exit had nearly clipped the front wheel of my bike as I'd been turning in. Whoever he was, he was in a fucking hurry. I parked my bike in a vacant spot and made my way to Ginger's door.
My steps slowed as I neared her apartment and I noticed that Della's door was wide open. I slowed down as the inside of her apartment came into view. The first thing I noticed as I paused in the doorway was the silence. My gut told me there was no one there. I began to look around, noticing the disarray of items that had been neat and orderly the evening before.
Then my gaze landed on the first droplets of blood that were splattered on the wall. Shit! I instinctively reached for the gun that I kept tucked at the back of my pants. "Anyone here?" I rushed through the room to her bedroom, taking in the overturned lamp, the pillows on the floor, and the cracked mirror on the wall as I went. "Della?" She wasn't there, but it was apparent that her bedroom was where the attack had begun. There was blood on the sheets. I spun around to go back the way I'd come, following the trail of blood to Ginger's door.
Fuck! There were smears of blood all over the door.
I turned the knob, but it was locked. I'd made a key, but I didn't waste any time digging it out of my pocket. I took a step back and raised my foot, kicking the door open with one kick. As it flew back against the wall my gaze landed on Della's prone, beaten body on the floor. I dropped to my haunches and checked for a pulse. Her weak moan revealed that she was barely holding on to consciousness.
"Della, it's Rebel, sweetheart. Can you tell me what happened?" I'd already dug out my phone and was punching in 911, brushing her hair out of her swollen face. My gaze darted around the apartment, searching for Ginger. My gut told me that she wasn't there.
"Ginger…" 
"Where is she?" I asked, trying to remain calm. The 911 operator picked up, and I gave her the address, telling her that there'd been an attack and that we needed the police and an ambulance. Then I dialed Tanner, the Sentinels' president, and a friend of mine who also happened to be cool with Daytona law enforcement, just in case I needed him. "Della--" I reached for the throw hanging off the back of the sofa and arranged it carefully under her head. She moaned again as I moved her. "Sorry, sweetheart." Jesus, she was a bloody mess. Unable to tell if she had a wound that needed immediate attention, I searched to see if she was bleeding out anywhere. "Where's Ginger?" Blood was staining the fabric between her legs.
"Gone," she murmured low.
I'd figured that. "Did someone take her?"
I caught her slight nod. "D-Daryl."
I frowned. "He did this shit to you?" 
Again she nodded. "H-He came ba-ack for money. Though I-I was lying‒" She couldn't finish her sentence as she was gripped by some terrible pain.
The fucking prick! I should have known from the way he'd stomped out of the apartment the night before that he was going to come back. 
"Did-Didn't have it." She paused and took a slow breath. "Beat m-me." 
That was fucking obvious. "Why did he take Ginger?"
She closed her eyes and I watched tears leak out of the corners. "My fault," she admitted in a pained voice. "I-I came ov-over here. Tr-tried to get a-way from him."
She didn't need to explain the rest. It was easy to surmise what had happened after that. The little fucker! I was going to end him. I fisted my hand, fighting the urge to slam it against the wall, angry at myself for deciding to stay at a motel the night before. With the job I had to work later that evening with Jace and Moody, I'd wanted a solid, undisturbed sleep. Being curled up around Ginger's soft, enticing curves would have been too distracting. 
I could hear the sirens in the distance. Normally I wouldn't have hung around, but I wasn't a bastard. I couldn't leave Della alone like this, and I needed more answers before they took her away. "Sweetheart, do you know where he took her?" 
Her face was swollen beyond recognition, blood was seeping from her nose and mouth and an area behind her ear. Her lips were split open. One eye was completely swollen shut. Her clothes were torn, the blood that was splattered on them probably coming from her face. Her fingers were broken on one hand, her other hand was gripping between her legs. She was lying in a semi-fetal position. I could only imagine what kind of internal injuries she may have. 
"Don't know," she finally got out in a soft tone. "I h-heard Daryl say he knew someone . . ." She drifted off, to gather her thoughts I assumed. I waited, the close sound of the sirens revealing that they'd arrived. "A m-man. I think. Someone lo-looking for girls?” A deep furrow appeared between her brows. "Does th-that sound right?" It was obvious that she thought she was confused by what she'd heard. 
I wasn't confused over what she'd overheard, only slightly amazed that Daryl would have those kinds of connections. He hadn't struck me as someone with friends in those circles. 
"Don't worry about it, sweetheart. Listen, the cops will be here any second. Don't mention anything about Daryl taking Ginger." I wanted to deal with that little fucker myself. "Okay?" I sensed her hesitation and realized that she may be having a hard time comprehending what I was saying. "Do you understand, Della? I'll get Ginger back. And I'll make Daryl pay. You want that, right?" She nodded. "Then leave it to me. All you need to tell the cops is that you don't know who attacked you. Can you do that?"
"Yes," she whispered. She grabbed for my hand. "Please find her."
"Police!"
I looked up to see two cops come through the doorway, and Tanner was right behind them. His serious gaze took in the scene before our eyes met. He and I went way back, and I knew that I could trust him to see the truth before his eyes. 
"Who called it in?" the younger cop asked. The older, heavier cop squatted next to Della.
"I did," I said, getting to my feet slowly. I kept my hands in plain sight, because experience had taught me that some cops jumped to conclusions. "I found her like this."
"Don't move!" He was a rookie, that was obvious, and gung-ho. 
Tanner and I exchanged knowing smirks. Some things never changed. Wear a little leather, biker boots, and a cut, and you were dubbed the bad guy before any questions were asked. "I called for an ambulance, too," I frowned. "Where the hell are they?"
The cop who'd been conversing softly with Della rose to his feet. "They're on their way." He made eye contact with his partner. "She collaborated his story. Said she doesn't know her attacker." 
Two guys in blue uniforms rolling a stretcher appeared at the door, causing us all to step out of the way.
"So you said you found her this way, did you see or hear anything before then?" the younger cop asked, taking out a note pad. 
Jesus, I didn't have time for this. I had to find Ginger. "No."
The older cop's brows suddenly shot up with surprise when he saw Tanner standing behind his partner, as if he’d just noticed him. "What are you doin' here, Tanner?"
"Deputy Callahan," Tanner acknowledged, before nodding toward me. "Rebel and I are old friends." He crossed his arms, and I could read the mutual respect in their eyes. Tanner's MC, the Sentinels, was the good guys who rode the streets at night helping keep the citizens safe. There were twelve men in his club, all retired vets.
"Old friends, huh? You can vouch for him?" 
I snorted. I wasn't a good man, but the cop wasn't asking if I was clean or law abiding. He wanted to know if I was honest and could be trusted, if I had morals. I'd always leaned toward the right side of things, even when shit was about as wrong as it could get. I'd killed, but the fuckers that I'd ended had deserved it. 
Tanner nodded without hesitation. "I can."
The cop nodded in return. "We'll follow the ambulance to the hospital and get a statement from the woman." Della was being lifted onto the stretcher, a neck brace surrounding her neck, whimpering softly.
"Is she going to be alright?" I asked.
One of the EMT's made eye contact with me while the other one covered her up. "We won't know the extent of her injuries until we get her to the hospital," he explained. "Just going by what we see I would say yes, but there could be internal injuries."
I nodded. 
"You sure you don't know anything?" the young cop inquired in a slightly suspicious tone that I didn't like.
I pinned my gaze on him, and had to give him credit for not looking away. Whether it was because he was too young to know any better, had back up, or the gun on his hip, he was standing his ground. I smirked. "I told you, I found her like this. You think I'm stupid enough to beat a woman bloody and then hang around to call the cops?" Not that I would ever take a hand to a woman.
"She didn't say anything?" he persisted. 
I ignored him.
"Let's get to the hospital," Deputy Callahan interjected. "Before they dope her up so much that she doesn't know her own name."
"Sounds like a good idea to me," I agreed, crossing my arms. I wanted them gone so I could move on to finding Ginger.
"One more question." I glared at him. His partner released a heavy sigh and glared at him, too. "Just in case we have questions later, what's your name, and how can we reach you?"
I wasn't going to give him my road name, and I sure as hell wasn't going to tell him that I'd been staying there in that apartment. "The name on my license is Michael Woods." 
"That's two questions," Tanner grinned. "And you can reach him through me."
"Good enough, now let's move." It was clear that Deputy Callahan had had enough.
Thank fuck. We walked out ahead of them, and I heard the click of the door that revealed that one of them had pulled Ginger's door closed. Tanner and I walked quietly to where our bikes were parked and watched the police get into their cruiser.
"Thanks for coming, man," I said when we finally made eye contact. "I knew your club and the police had an understanding. Didn't feel like dealing with shit if it happened. I've got someone to find."
Tanner nodded in understanding. "Any time, brother. Callahan's alright, but Sanders is a hotshot newbie and likes to make waves. So what's going on?"
"I found the woman that I was looking for." I'd run into Tanner on Main Street earlier in the week and had told him that I was looking for a girl. I snorted to myself as I remembered that I'd walked up on him fingering a beautiful woman behind One Eye Saloon. "The woman who was just taken to the hospital is her best friend. The guy who beat her took Ginger, and I'm going to get her back."
"Shit, brother. What do you need from us?"
I relaxed, knowing that I could count on Tanner and his club. Daytona was his town, and he knew it well. "You did it by showing up, brother. But I'll take you up on your offer. Can you work the streets on a lead where they might have taken her? Della heard them mention something about a man looking for girls."
"Fuck, a flesh peddler," Tanner stated, his expression serious. "I know that shit goes on, but usually by the time we hear about it the key players have already packed up and left town. Their people remain tight-lipped, because they're paid good money for the girls they find."  
"It’s kind of why I'm in town, for a job that involves a politician's daughter gone missing." I knew that I could trust him not to mention it to the wrong people.
Tanner's brows shot up at that. "Do I want to know?"
Again, I shook my head. "You know me, brother. Most of my dealings are with people on the wrong side of the law. I know how you feel about your town," I smirked, mounting my bike. "The Feds are involved in this one."
"You're working with the Feds?" he asked incredulously.
"Fuck, no," I scowled. "Just happens they have a raid planned for the same place. We plan to move in earlier to avoid them."
Tanner grinned knowingly. "You're talking about Marcus Duponte. I have my own sources, brother. The fact that we know what the Feds have planned is the only reason we haven't made a move on him. We don't want his kind of operation in our town."
"Yeah, it’s about time he got shut down." I started my bike. 
Tanner climbed onto his bike. "Know where to begin looking for your girl?"
I ground my back teeth, the thought of Ginger in Daryl's hands, being hurt, making me want to destroy something. "I have an idea." I'd have to contact Jace. He had a contact feeding him information about Duponte's activities, which meant that they might have a list of suppliers. 
Tanner nodded. "I'll call my brothers and we'll hit the streets, ask around." He started his bike and turned to head in the opposite direction, throwing his arm up in a wave as he pulled out onto the main road. 
I knew that I could count on him. I pulled out my phone and hit Jace's number, eager to find my woman. My woman. Ginger may not have known it yet, but she was mine. I'd laid claim to her four years ago. 
Daryl was already a dead man, but if he hurt Ginger I was going to make him suffer first. 
I was good at that. 





Chapter 18

Ginger

I didn't know where I was. Everything had happened so damned fast. First, they'd pushed me down onto the floorboard of a car, and then we were moving through the streets of Daytona. I remained silent, saving my energy for when I would need it, and estimated that we'd been traveling for about half an hour before we reached our destination.  
 From there things got scarier. I was pulled roughly from the car and bound with my arms behind my back with a scratchy piece of rope that Jack had found in the trunk of his car. I was thankful that they hadn't forced me into the trunk of the car, because it looked like a catch all for discarded, smelly junk. Jack had foraged around until he’d found a half roll of duct tape, and slapped a strip of it over my mouth. 
"Don't want you causing us any trouble," he said, giving me a wink.
"Come on," Daryl snapped, grasping me around the upper arm.
I took in my surroundings as he pushed me toward a large, white house. It was isolated, located at the edge of a swamp, and overshadowed by huge, ancient cypress trees. The sight of the swamp made me nervous when I thought about the snakes and alligators that made their homes there. It was the perfect place to get rid of a body.
I stumbled up the porch steps. Daryl knocked loudly on the door, which was answered by a fairly short, round man who quickly showed his disgust at seeing us. 
"What the hell!" His nervous little eyes darted around the area beyond the door, as if he were expecting to see someone else, while he rushed us inside and shut the door. "I don't like people just showing up at my fucking home."
"We have a proposition for you, Clark." Daryl kept a tight hold on me, ignoring the man's anger. "You got some place we can stash her while we talk business?"
The man pointed toward a door. "Through there," he grated.
I was rushed through the room and deposited into a small room that looked like a kind of holding cell. The meager furnishings were shabby and old, nothing like the well cared for, older pieces in the rest of the house. I glanced at the bars over the windows with dread. They weren't for security, they looked more like prison bars, as good for keeping someone in as they were for keeping someone out. 
I put my ear to the door to hear what was happening on the other side. It was hard to hear over the sound of my pounding heart. I could vaguely make out the murmur of voices until the tone changed, and with it the volume. "You idiots! I'm not the only supplier for those auctions, and I don't like doing business here at my private residence!" The voice belonged to Clark. 
"Look, man, I'm sorry but you're the only one I know of who’s involved in this shit, and I need money now! I owe someone, and they're not waiting." Daryl's tone was desperate as he ignored the other man's objections. "You saw her. She's a looker. And with her curves? You could make thousands on her."
"That was before you told me that she's involved with a biker named Rebel. Bikers don't like when things are taken away from them, especially their women. I've heard of him. He has a real badass reputation. The people I work for wouldn't be pleased if we brought that kind of attention to their organization. They'll kill to remain anonymous."
"She's not exactly his‒" I heard Daryl begin before he was cut off. I rolled my eyes, because he was too dense to hear the real warning behind Clark's words.
"He fucking her?" Clark grumbled.
Silence.
"You two are assholes," Clark snorted with disdain. "You stole a nomad's woman, and not just any nomad. Who the fuck do you think had a hand in taking out Wildman's club? Huh? Remember hearing about that when it went down four years ago? I heard Rebel went through a lot of fucked up shit while he was undercover, he came out a different man."
A loud scoff followed his rant. "I don't know about that. I met the dude the other night, man." I could almost see the look of indifference on Daryl's stupid face. He was so desperate for money that he was willing to downplay the danger. "He didn't look so fucking threatening to me."
Really? He didn't know Rebel, then.
"That's probably because you were fucked up then, and you're fucked up now, man," Jack snorted. "Shit, man, I should have left both your asses back at the apartment. You're the one who needs the money."
"Just calm down," I heard Daryl saying. "Look, all I need is a thousand bucks." He said it flippantly, as if he were only asking for ten dollars. "You have the means to get rid of her. I don't care how you do it. No one knows she's with us, so you don't have to worry about fallout." 
"Are you forgetting about your girlfriend?" Jack asked.
Della! Damn him for bringing her up.
"So we go back and take care of her," he suggested.
What?! I didn't like the sound of that. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. How could he so calmly talk about taking care of someone permanently, as if it were nothing? As if she was nothing? They'd had a good relationship in the beginning, before the drugs had changed him. We had never meshed, but we'd put up with each other for Della's sake.  
"Look, I don't care about your money problems. If you want to take her down to New Mexico I'll get her in our next auction down there, but I can't get rid of her tonight. She doesn't meet the criteria for what our buyers are looking for, and I don't have any way of holding on to her for the next month. When, not if, Rebel comes looking for her, I don't want her anywhere near here. Right now I want you all out of my house."
Oh, fuck, this wasn't going to bode well for me. Desperate people did desperate things, and Daryl was just that desperate. I looked around the shabby room, unsure of what it was that I was searching for until my gaze landed on the broken edge of the hanging mirror on the wall. Maybe I could use it to cut through the rope they’d used to bind my wrists, but I didn’t know what I would do once I was free. Try to squeeze through the bars on the window? That would be hopeless, but at least if I could get my hands free I'd have a better chance of fighting my way out. 
Before I moved away from the door I turned and fumbled around blindly for the lock, praying that by locking the door it would buy me some time.
"You're building this all out of proportion, man!" Daryl all but screamed. "What about all the shit you were spewing the other night about how easy it was and how much money could be made? You do this all the time, man!"
"Under the right circumstances!" Clark shouted back. "You think I have control over this? I'm just one of many. I'm a supplier. I listen to what my associates want, and I carefully pick the merchandise. Most of the girls I get for the people I work for are runaways, orphans, women working the streets who won't be missed. Sometimes they're handed to us on a silver platter because someone just wants them to disappear."
I heard Daryl make a frustrated sound that came out like something between a growl and a yell. I began sawing back and forth over the jagged edge of the mirror, nicking myself more than once in the process. The pain of the mirror cutting into my flesh barely registered, nor did the feeling of the warm flow of blood that ran over my hands. All I knew was that I needed to get loose. 
"So what the fuck you gonna do, man?"
I recognized Jack's voice. 
"Let me think!" Daryl snarled. "Fuck, all I need is enough money to pay off Wicked.”
"You owe Wicked drug money?" Clark's tone revealed that he thought only a fool would get into that kind of trouble. "I heard he and a few of his boys got the shit beat out of them recently. Doesn't surprise me he's dealing drugs, but when it comes to money, he doesn't play around." There was a slight hesitation. "Maybe he'll take the girl as payment. I hear he's been looking around for a new pet."
I could envision Daryl's eyes growing round with excitement at this information.
"Do you think?" Daryl asked with hope.
He was delusional.
"And what, if he doesn't want her we take her to New Mexico?" Jack scoffed with skepticism. "You need the money now, man. Turn her loose."
Yes, let me go!
"Letting her go isn't an option," Daryl insisted. "If Della doesn't make it, she's a witness."
"Fuck, I forgot about that, man."
"I suggest that you don't mention Rebel’s name while you're trying to pawn her off on Wicked," Clark remarked. 
I could tell by their voices that they were moving closer to the door, just as I was able to pull my hands free. I brought them around in front of me so that I could inspect them. The cuts were superficial but still stung, fine lines of blood dripping down onto the stained carpet. I glanced again at the window, but the bars were still there. It didn't matter anyway. Before I had a chance to move I heard the door handle rattle, and then a loud thump right before the door was forced open. I quickly returned my hands behind me and stood frozen, watching as Daryl came into the room while Jack and Clark stood back in the doorway. I glared my hatred at Daryl before shifting my gaze to include the two men behind him.
"She is a beauty," Clark commented, stripping me with his beady little eyes. He had a slightly pock-marked face, probably as a result of acne.  Goosebumps covered my skin where his gaze touched me, and I was sickeningly aware that I was barefoot and still dressed in sleep clothes that inadequately covered my body. "Too bad she isn't a virgin. The buyers would go wild for her tonight."
Daryl grasped my arm roughly, and it was all I could do to keep my arms behind my back so that he wouldn’t realize that I'd cut my wrists free. Now wasn't the time to make a move to escape, not when I was facing down three men. I knew that I'd have a better chance if I mislead them into believing that I was subdued. I would get them to let their guards down so that I'd have the element of surprise on my side, if only for a few precious seconds.
Lowering my gaze to the floor, I let Daryl drag me from the room.

****

Rebel

"We'll find her, brother," Jace said in response to my smashing the beer bottle against the wall. The bartender frowned, but smartly remained silent as he continued to wipe the bar top down. "We've put the word out. Someone will see something."
We'd spent the afternoon looking for Ginger. Jace's contact had only been able to give us three names of individuals that he knew were involved in human trafficking, and they hadn't panned out. Moody was still out checking his own leads, but time was running out before we'd have to give it up long enough to hit Duponte's estate. That job had to get done, and I wouldn't let Jace down.
I was going to kill Daryl and anyone else who kept Ginger from me, and God help them if they laid a finger on her. I thought about her sweet smile, the fire in her eyes when she let her emotions rule her, the softness of her supple flesh as she yielded to me. Damn, the thought of another man touching her caused me to clench my fist and hit the polished wood of the bar. The pain didn't register, but the rage of frustration that was simmering inside me did. Every minute that I didn't know where she was was fucking torture. I saw Jace motion to the bartender out of the corner of my eye, and then the bartender was setting another beer down in front of me.
"Drink this one first before you throw it," Jace said in a grim tone.
I growled, reaching for it.  As I tilted my head back to drink I saw Moody walk in and make his way towards us.
"Anything?" I asked, setting the bottle down. 
He shrugged. "Not sure, brother. I ran into Pinkie down at the pier, he had something interesting." Everyone knew that Pinkie sold drugs and that the pier was his home away from home.
"What?" Jace inquired. 
Moody motioned for the bartender to bring him a beer before responding. "That someone named Daryl owes drug money to an MC in Sanford. Could be the Daryl that we're looking for."
An MC in Sanford. I frowned, trying to think of who it could be. There were a lot of little clubs in and around the area, and I hadn't been home in a few years. There was no telling how many had come and gone. One thing I did know, though, was that Tanner would know.
"It’s a club called the Kings," Moody continued after chugging back half of his beer. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. "Run by someone called Wicked."
"I've heard of them." My gaze shot to Jace for an explanation. "They're mostly good at petty crimes and shit. I heard they caused some trouble here recently, got their asses handed to them on a platter for it. You said Daryl was tweaking when you saw him, desperate for money. It makes sense now if he owes someone drug money. You know as well as I do that if you owe money to an MC, they want it when it's due. They don't wait."
I thought about the situation for a minute, taking another drink. We'd spent hours hunting down and checking out the suppliers that we'd got from Jace's contact. Three lousy suppliers out of probably hundreds. It had hardly been worth the effort. Not one of them had known anything, or at least none of them had admitted to it. They hadn't heard anything either, and we'd had no reason not to believe them. Even though they weren't the most trustworthy individuals—they did, after all, steal innocent girls off the streets and sell them to be auctioned off--but if threatened with bodily harm they would give up their own mothers. Fucking cowards.
If Daryl hadn't found someone to take Ginger off his hands, then maybe he'd taken her to Wicked in the hopes that Wicked would take her as payment. I knew that some MCs would take a girl and prostitute her out to get their money back. 
"Fuck." We'd been looking in the wrong places. I got to my feet. 
"Where you going, brother?"
Jace's question did two things--it stopped me in my tracks, and reminded me that we had a job to do in less than two hours. Fuck! I met the solemn look in his eyes. He knew that Ginger meant something to me, although I was still trying to figure out exactly what that was. He wouldn't guilt me into staying to do the job that he'd hired me to do, we didn't roll like that. When something came up that needed immediate attention it trumped everything else. Yet we both knew that trust and brotherhood always came first. We were nomads. Our word was everything.
I let loose a loud breath."Christ." I sat back down.
"If I didn't need you I wouldn't give a fuck. It's‒"
I held my hand up to stop him from saying more. "It's okay, man. I've never let pussy come between me and a job, and I'm not about to start now." Even I flinched at the callousness of my words. 
Moody called me on it. "We all know that she's more than just pussy to you, brother." He held up his empty beer to get the attention of the bartender. "That's why you're torn up inside."
He was right. For the second time I thought about Tanner, and I dug out my phone, hitting his number. "Brother," I said when he answered. "Are you familiar with the Kings out of Sanford?" I'd be surprised if he wasn't.
I heard him make a pained sound. "Unfortunately. Why?"
"I just found out that the man who took Ginger might owe them drug money. Is Wicked the kind of man who'd take a woman as payment?"
Tanner snorted. "I wouldn't put anything past him. I take it you struck out this afternoon, too?"
Well, that answered my question as to whether or not he'd had any luck on the streets. "Yeah, but I think we've been looking in the wrong direction. Do you know how to find Wicked?"
"Yeah."
"Look, brother, I have a commitment I can't break. After that‒"
"Yeah, I know. Say no more, we know where the Kings clubhouse is, we'll check it out for you."
"Thanks, man. I owe you. You won't be able to get in touch with me until later. You find Ginger, do whatever you have to to get her out of there." 
"You got it. I'll be in touch."
I crammed my phone back into my pocket, meeting the quiet consideration in Jace and Moody's watchful eyes. "That was Tanner, president of the Sentinels."
Moody nodded. "Good man."
"Good people," Jace added. 
I wasn't surprised that they knew the Sentinels or their reputation. The twelve ex-military men did a lot of good in Daytona, fighting to keep the neighborhoods safe. They were an MC who worked with law enforcement, but they'd also gained the reverence of other clubs. When you rode through Daytona, it didn't matter what caliber club you were, you showed respect by keeping shit peaceful and your nose clean. 
"Tanner and I go way back. Haven't been here in years, but those kinds of friendships don't go away," I told them. 
Jace nodded in understanding. "Let's hope he has better luck than we have finding your woman."
"Yeah." I ran my hand over the bottom half of my jaw, trying not to think about what Ginger might be going through.
 My thoughts drifted back to four years before, and how she'd shown wisdom beyond her innocence, accepting what she couldn't change and all in the name of self-preservation. My gut warned me that she may not be that compliant this time around. She'd been on her own for a while, and she’d grown into a strong, independent woman. 
This time she'd fight.
And she might lose. 




Chapter 19

Ginger

It was getting late. I didn’t know how long we'd been driving, but it had been long enough for me to know that we'd left Daytona. I remained on the floor, uncomfortable, cramped, and surrounded by discarded fast food trash and cups, listening to Daryl and Jack's inane conversation about nothing, things that I didn't understand and that I didn't want to understand. I wasn't naïve to what went on in the world, I watched the news and I'd heard talk in the bars that I'd worked in. I wasn't exactly surrounded by upstanding citizens. But it was the kind of talk you closed your ears to because you didn't want to know. I minded my own business and did my job.
I understood, from the news, enough about human trafficking to know that people disappeared and were sold into prostitution or as sex slaves. Some were sold into labor, where they were treated like prisoners. The stories were in the news every day, but for it to be happening this close to home was frightening. It made it seem more real. I didn't want to become another news story about a woman who just disappeared without a trace, never to be seen again. If Clark had taken me I was certain that's what would have happened.
Was being turned over to a motorcycle club as payment a better option? I shuddered, remembering what it had been like with the Red Devils. If Rebel hadn’t been there, and I hadn't been promised to him, my life would have turned out much differently. I probably wouldn't have been alive today. Those men had been brutal and cruel to their women, treating them as nothing but sex objects to use and abuse. I hadn't had anything to compare it to, but Rebel had been decent to me, as decent as he could have been without giving himself away. I hadn't known that at the time, though.
I wondered if he was looking for me, if he even knew that I was missing. I thought about Della, and how bad she'd looked when we'd left her. Tears filled my eyes. God, I prayed that Rebel had returned to my apartment and discovered her, that she was in the hospital now and being treated. I loved her like a sister. I pinned my gaze on the back of Daryl's head, hating him with everything inside me. Drugs had changed him, and in a relatively short period of time. I wondered what had started him down that road to begin with.
"Fuck, I need a hit," I heard him say to Jack. He ran his hand through his messy hair. I could see that he was shaking.
"Me, too, but we don't have time for that."
"We don't have the money, either. Shit." He looked back at me. "Maybe we can work out a deal with Wicked."
Jack snorted. "There's no 'we', asshole. I'm just along for the ride, you're the one who owes him money. You'll be lucky if he takes her as payment for what you owe."  
"I still can't believe Clark wouldn't take her for a grand. I know something big is going on tonight. He could have unloaded her right away, recouped his investment and more."
Jack shrugged. "Who knows what his reasons were."
I closed my eyes, wishing that I could close my ears. As long as I was trapped in this car there was no chance for escape. 
"I gotta take a piss."
Those words sent a shot of excitement through me. Unless they just pulled over to the side of the road, this could be the chance that I’d been waiting for. I moved slightly, stifling a moan as the stiffness of my aching muscles protested. 
"Gotta get gas anyway," Daryl surprised me by adding. 
"With what money?" Jack scoffed.
Daryl's answering laugh held little humor. "I took Della's debit card." He sounded so proud of himself. "She won't be needing it."
Bastard! 
I knew that the chances of a successful escape doubled if both of them were out of the car. It wouldn't be easy, since it was only a two-door car. I would have to move fast, somehow climb into the front seat and be out the door before either of them could make a move on me. And with a little luck, Daryl would stop at a busy station. 
I felt the car slow down and make a turn, all but holding my breath as Daryl pulled up against a pump and turned off the car. He turned toward Jack. "I'll wait here while you take a leak. Then get gas."
"Yeah, probably not a good idea to leave our pretty passenger alone," Jack greed, opening the door and exiting the vehicle.
No! No! No! Shit! I hadn't expected this. With dread, I watched Jack shut his door. What was I going to do now? My window of opportunity had suddenly narrowed. I lay there quietly, my mind swimming with possible escape scenarios. None of them excluded my having to get into the front seat for success. As the minutes ticked by, Daryl made a phone call.
"Hey, Wicked, man, yeah I'm on my way‒" He was apparently cut off. "Ah, yeah, about the money. No, no, I don't have it, but‒" A few seconds of silence followed. "Listen, man, if I was trying to get out of paying you I wouldn't be coming‒" He muttered a swear word under his breath and grew quiet. I slowly uncurled from the floor and began to straighten up behind him so that he couldn't see me. "I was hoping we could work out a deal, man. I have something you might be interested in." I could hear the desperation in his tone. 
When I was high enough to see outside, I took in our surroundings. We were at a Circle K, but that was all I knew. There were restaurants and businesses all around, even a hospital across the street, but I wasn't familiar with the area. Two other drivers had stopped to get gas, too. One was walking toward the store, staring down at something in his hand as he walked, the other was filling his jeep and talking to the woman that was hanging out of his passenger side window. I didn't see Jack anywhere.
Daryl was still talking to Wicked, although he was doing more listening than talking. He seemed to have forgotten all about me, and I decided that it was time to make a move. It would have to be quick and precise or I was screwed, because I was only going to get one chance. I sucked in several deep breaths to work up my courage and snuck up the back of Daryl's seat, still not sure what I was going to do until the very moment that I was doing it. His head was bent forward slightly as he listened on his phone. That gave me an idea, and I moved swiftly, grabbing him by the back of the head and slamming him face first into the steering wheel. He went surprisingly easy, so I knew that I'd caught him by surprise.
The thickening thud was music to my ears. His grunt barely registered as I crawled over the back of the seat and into the front. In the little time that it took, Daryl was already sitting back, slightly stunned from the impact, and reaching up for his bloody nose.
"What the fuck . . . you bitch!" 
He began to turn toward me. I grabbed the phone that was still in his hand and smashed it against the side of his temple, reaching for the door handle with my other hand at the same time. 
"Son of a bitch!" I heard him swear again as he reached out blindly for me. 
Freedom was so close, and yet so far. I managed to avoid his hand by turning around on the seat and facing him. I kicked out to keep him away from me, practically falling backwards out of the car. I slid off the seat, my backside hitting the pavement with a jarring thud that sent pain ricocheting through my body. I cried out, hoping to get the attention of the man who'd just replaced the nozzle and was about to climb back into his jeep.
"Help!"
"Get her!" Daryl yelled out.
Who was he yelling at? I looked behind me to see Jack exiting the Circle K. When he saw what was happening he picked up his speed. 
I yelled again. "Someone help me!" I was unable to get to my feet because Daryl had a death grip around one of my ankles. "Help!" I glanced frantically at the man who was now inside his jeep. I could see the indecision in his eyes. He turned to his passenger, who'd become animated and was yelling something at him, which didn't turn out so good for me. With a downward twist on his lips he started his vehicle and tore away from the gas pump without looking back.
Are you kidding me? I screamed in frustration, watching them pull out into traffic. What was wrong with people? There was no one else around, and I began to kick out with growing panic, hoping to break free before Jack reached me. "Help me!" I screamed. I felt someone slide their arms under my armpits and begin to lift me, but when I glanced up to see Jack's unsmiling face I let him pull me to my feet, and then I elbowed him as hard as I could in the gut.
A loud oomph escaped him. I swung around and punched him as hard as I could in the face.
"Get her in here!" Daryl screamed.
Oh, hell no! There was no way I was getting back into the car. As Jack reached for me I kicked him in the groin, and then sprinted around him, making a mad dash for the door to the store. I nearly collided with a man who was exiting the store, ignoring the startled look on his face as I pushed my way past him and into the store. My gaze flew to the counter, where I met the slightly rounded eyes of the cashier. It was apparent that she'd been watching the whole thing through the window and didn't know how to react. I nearly flew to the counter, grasping it as if it were a lifeline.
"I've been kidnapped!" I said in a breathless voice. "Please, call the police!" I glanced nervously at the door and beyond, frightened that I was going to see Jack and Daryl coming after me. I almost sank to the floor with relief when Jack jumped into the Camaro and the car squealed away from the pump. "Oh my God! Oh my God!" Realizing that I'd really escaped, I let my legs collapse beneath me and I hit the floor, gasping for breath. 
I closed my eyes and leaned back against the counter, letting it sink in that I was actually free. Tears of relief escaped my eyes. I hoped that Daryl got what he deserved, that this Wicked biker he owed money to beat the shit out of him. No, that wasn't good enough. I wanted him dead for what he’d done to Della. I wanted him dead for what he’d tried to do to me. 
"Do you still want me to call the police?" I heard the voice above me ask.
What? She hadn't called them yet? Was she dense? "Of‒" I stopped myself. My only concern in that moment was to get back to Della. Thinking of the possibility that she was still at my apartment, alone and afraid, hurting, I knew that I had to get back to her immediately. Getting the police involved would only complicate and prolong things, and I didn't have the time or the want to answer a hundred questions right then. Besides, once they became involved with Della's attack they would be after Daryl anyway. 
I made a decision. "No, no cops. Can I borrow your phone?" I got to my feet. She handed it to me and I dialed Stevie's number.
"Hello?"
"Stevie, it's me‒"
"Oh my God, Ginger! Where are you? We've all been so worried, honey. Rebel, Vinny, people, are look‒"
"I managed to get away," I said, interrupting her. I couldn't explain how it made me feel to know that Rebel was looking for me. It occurred to me that if they were looking for me, then they had to know about Della. My heart raced with hope. "Della‒"
"She's in the hospital, honey. Rebel found her."
Thank God! Everything drained out of me in that moment as relief overwhelmed me. "Is she okay?" Nothing else mattered at that point.
I didn't miss her slight hesitation before she said, "That pig did a lot of damage to her, but the doctors say that she will pull through. I'm here at the hospital with her now. Ginger‒" Stevie had lowered her voice as if she didn't want to be overheard. "You didn't call the police, did you? The boys want to handle this."
I had a good idea which 'boys' Stevie was referring to--Rebel and his friends, and maybe even Vinny. Vinny had spent a little time in prison once for handing out his own justice. He'd hunted down Stevie's rapist and had turned him into a vegetable. That had been right before they'd become involved with each other.
"No, I didn't." I was suddenly glad that I hadn't. "Do you think someone can come get me? I'm at a Circle K across from some hospital." I glanced at the quiet cashier. "Where am I?"
"Deltona."
"I know where you are," Stevie remarked, overhearing the girl's answer. "I used to live there. Stay put. Someone will be there."
"Not you, stay with Della. I don't want her alone."
"Okay, honey."
We disconnected after that. I handed the phone back to the cashier, mustering up a smile that I didn't feel inside. "Thanks."
"Is everything okay?"
 I knew that it was her attempt to find out what was going on. I nodded, praying that she let that be the end of her curiosity. I had no idea how long I'd have to wait, glancing out the door to see that a couple of the pumps were full. One vehicle was a construction truck full of men. The doors opened, and they all plowed out while one went to the pump. As they headed toward the door I tugged my boy shorts down as much as I could, feeling self-conscious in my lack of attire. 
"Follow me." I didn't question the cashier, following her to the back. "We have a tiny break room back here where you can wait for your friends."
"Thanks." I glanced around at the pitiful lounge area. It was filthy, and there was trash lying everywhere. The table didn't look like it had ever been cleaned.
"No one cleans up after themselves, but at least it's a place to sit and wait."
I smiled at her. "It's perfect, thanks again." 
Once she left I sank down into one of the chairs and released a long breath. My nerves were shot. So much had happened in such a short amount of time, and I was exhausted. The stress of the situation had caught up with me. I crossed my arms on the table top and lay my head down    on them, hoping that I didn't have long to wait before someone showed up. 





Chapter 20

Ginger

At some point I must have dozed off, because when I opened my eyes the room seemed darker than it had before. I jolted awake, opening my eyes and raising my head to see Rebel standing in the doorway. He'd come for me! I didn't know how long he'd been standing there, watching me, but I got to my feet and rushed to him, throwing myself against his solid length. His arms came around me tightly, his hand clenching tightly in my hair as he crushed me against him. I was immediately engulfed with the familiar scent of leather and warm man, and the feeling of being safe.
It was really over.
"If I get my hands on him, he's dead," he muttered against my ear. I had no doubt that he meant what he said. "You hurt?" 
I shook my head and pulled back slightly to meet the churning emotions in his eyes. "I'm okay. How is it you're here? I thought you had a job to do." It felt so good to be in his strong arms. I didn't want to leave.
"It's done. We had just finished up when I got Stevie's message. I headed straight here." His hands glided over me as if he was searching for injuries, or maybe trying to convince himself that I was real. 
"She told me Della is in the hospital. I need to go to her." 
He nodded. "We'll stop at your place first so you can get cleaned up. You might want to put some shoes on."
I laughed softly at that. I couldn't help it. I knew that I looked a wreck. "And some clothes?"
His gaze dropped down my body, turning hot. "You'll never hear me complain about your lack of clothes, baby. But I think the hospital might draw the line if you show up in the little bit that you have on and no shoes." He rested his forehead against mine. I wanted, needed, his kiss, but I was too afraid to take it. "You ready to get out of here?"
"Yes."
Without warning he stepped away and removed his cut. Next he pulled off his t-shirt and handed it to me without a word. Smiling in the face of his consideration, I gratefully slipped it over my head as he slipped his cut back on. It was difficult not to stare at his defined abs and bulging biceps. Rebel's amazing body drew my eyes there naturally. 
He took me by the hand. "Come on."
As he led me out to his bike, I noticed that another biker was parked next to Rebel’s, sitting on his bike, but I barely gave him a second look. It was obvious that he was waiting for us. The next thing I knew I was on the back of Rebel's bike, holding on tightly as he took us onto the interstate. I kept my head down, my face against the back of his shoulder as the wind whipped over us. I closed my eyes. If it had been any other time and I would have enjoyed the thrill of being on the back of his bike, riding against the wind, going full throttle. In this moment I was just happy to be free and with Rebel. No matter what happened now, I knew that I could count on him to keep me safe.
Every few minutes Rebel would reach down and cover my hands with one of his and give a squeeze, as if to reassure me that everything would be okay. It was an intimate gesture that made me wonder if he had feelings for me, deeper than just those of a man who was protecting someone who owed him money. Rebel wasn't the kind of man who revealed his feelings. He was a hard man, not someone you'd want to cross, but definitely someone you would want on your side. 
I sensed that someone was moving up beside us and I opened my eyes, turning my head. Another biker had moved up next to us in the other lane. He and Rebel acknowledged one another with hand gestures, and then the biker dropped back slightly. Another one appeared on the other side of us, startling me, until I realized that they appeared to be friends of Rebel’s, as they, too, greeted each other in the same way. The first rider who'd been back at the gas station remained in the front, leading the way. I thought that they might leave us once we exited the interstate, but the three men flanked us the rest of the way home.
Rebel came to a stop and turned off his bike, reaching back to help me off. He remained sitting, reaching deep into his pocket for something. His friends pulled up close and also shut their bikes down, remaining quiet yet observant as Rebel handed me a key.
"I'll wait for you here," he explained.
I took the key, my gaze moving over the three quiet men as they sat relaxed on their bikes. Their expressions were neutral, watchful, yet the look in their eyes seemed friendly enough. The one who'd been waiting for us outside the Circle K I recognized from the bar. He’d been there with Rebel and Jace. He was a brute of a man, his square-jawed face looked carved in stone. If I hadn't been with Rebel I would have been frightened of him, of the air of quiet menace that he gave off. He was not someone I would want to encounter in a dark alley. 
I vaguely wondered where Jace was. The other two bikers, while both big and handsome in their own rights, didn't affect me in the least. I got the impression that they were waiting for me to leave so that they could talk. One lit a cigarette, while the other one crossed his arms and relaxed back on his seat.
"Thank you." I received the typical head nods of acknowledgement, and one even cracked a smile. 
"Babe."
Rebel's softly spoken endearment drew my attention back to him. He nodded sharply in the direction of my apartment, the grin on his mouth softening his silent command. Wordlessly, I turned and walked away, conscious of the eyes following me until I'd unlocked my door and disappeared inside.

****

Rebel

I wasn't the only one who watched Ginger walk away. It was hard not to with the expanse of creamy legs that was exposed beneath my t-shirt that she was wearing. The sexy swing of her shapely ass against the thin material was another bonus that drew my eyes to the enticing mounds. She was visually stimulating, but that wasn't the only reason I couldn't take my eyes off her. I wanted to make sure she got inside her apartment okay. 
"You got a pretty woman, brother."
I swung back to Tanner, grinning like a cocky bastard. "No arguments here," I said. "Thanks for the security ride."
He shrugged. "We had just about reached the Kings clubhouse when Vinny called and told us that Ginger was free and you were on your way to get her. Didn't take long for us to catch up to you."
"Word gets around fast."
"That's what's good about our world, brother," Rod snorted. He was with the Sentinels. "We look out for each other. How'd she get away?"
"We haven't talked yet. Her priority is getting to the hospital to her friend."
"How is the woman?" Tanner asked with genuine concern. "She was beat pretty bad."
"Not sure about her condition." My main concern had been in finding Ginger. "I appreciate your help. Now I just have to find that prick."
"You want help with that?" Tanner asked. "You got a last name?"
I shook my head. "Thanks, but I want to take care of him myself. I wouldn't mind a heads up if you hear anything, though. I'll text you a last name when I get it." Maybe, with luck, Della had a picture of Daryl.
"You got it, man. What about the Kings?"
I frowned. "Are they going to be a problem?" Tanner had a history with them, so if anyone would know, it would be him.
His expression said that it was a possibility. "Depends on why she was being taken to them. Wicked is crazy. It doesn't take much to flip him out."
I digested that, running my hand over the bottom half of my whiskered jaw. "Daryl was after money. A grand. Della said he beat her because she didn’t have it."
"Drug money?" Rod inquired.
"He was tweaking when I saw him last, so yeah, I think so. We think he owes Wicked money and were hoping to settle the score by offering him Ginger."
"Fuck, brother. If there’s one thing I know about Wicked it's that he would never take a woman as payment. You owe him cash, he wants cash back." That gave me a sense of relief, but then Tanner continued. "But you still might have something to worry about. Wicked is unpredictable, he doesn't seem to learn from his mistakes. If he thinks you took something that was meant for him, he might retaliate."
"Doesn’t sound too smart," I responded.
Rod snorted, flicking his cigarette butt away. "He's an asshole. Uses whatever excuse he can to cause trouble. We should have ended him when we had the chance." His comment was meant for Tanner if the glare he turned on him was anything to go by. 
I didn't want to get involved in their business or their disagreements. Apparently Tanner didn't want to get into anything with Rod by responding to his remark. Moody and I exchanged knowing looks. He was a quiet man; his name fit him, although “furious” would have been a better fit, because he seemed to stay perpetually angry. Something had happened to him in his past, something that he never spoke of, and it was festering inside him. It was something deep and dark, and I wondered if whatever it was would eventually destroy him. 
"So, how did the job go?" Tanner questioned, defusing the tension between him and Rod by changing the subject. "Saw on the news Duponte got away but the Feds managed to capture some of his key players."
I nodded, satisfied as fuck that the girls had been rescued but it didn't surprise me to hear about Duponte getting away. He was a lucky bastard. "We were in and out before they knew what hit them. Just missed the Feds," I smirked.
The job with Jace had gone down without a hitch. We'd arrived at Duponte's estate just as it had turned dark. It was immediately obvious that the man had grown lax in security, probably because he’d avoided detection for so many years. He’d managed to stay one step ahead of the law, he always had a fail proof escape plan in place that worked out no matter where they were. It hadn't hurt that he was never in one place for more than it took to hold one of his auctions. His guards had apparently grown sloppy and lazy, too, under the same fucking misconception that they were untouchable. Well, that night their arrogance had been their undoing.
We had found two goons, stoned on weed and overly relaxed, guarding the guest house where the girls were kept. The whole point of guarding something was to be alert for potential trouble, and they'd been too easy to approach, divert, and take control of. Moody and I had left them out cold and tied up in the bushes behind the house. Jace had had no trouble extracting the woman he'd been hired to rescue. We’d been waiting for him at the van when he'd shown up carrying a woman, dressed in a shimmering evening gown and heels, laid over his shoulders. He'd dumped her in the back and we'd been pulling out of the construction site next to the estate when four black SUVs with lights off had pulled onto the driveway leading to the house. The Feds had arrived early. 
Jace had dropped us off at Froggy's, where we’d left our bikes. When I'd turned my phone back on there'd been a message from Stevie about Ginger, and Moody and I had immediately set off for Deltona to get her. Jace was on his way to deliver the politician's daughter back to her family. It'd been the easiest thirty grand I'd ever made. 
"Looks like your lovely lady is coming back."
I glanced towards the apartment building to see Ginger striding toward us, her legs encased in faded jeans that revealed the shape of her thighs. The heeled boots gave her the appearance of being tall and leggy. My dick twitched at the tightness between her legs. There was no way she could be wearing panties. She'd taken a shower, her hair had been braided into a thick rope, and was hanging over one of her tits. The cutouts on her yellow tee revealed her graceful shoulders and sexy collar bone. 
Her scent reached us before she did.
Fresh and sweet.
Pure and inviting.
It turned my dick hard as stone.
The sound of a bike revving up drew my gaze to Tanner. "I guess we'll take off, brother," he said. "We'll keep in touch." I gave him and Rod a chin lift that they reciprocated before turning and taking off.
"I'm going, too," Moody added. "I was going to head out to Nevada after tonight, but I'll hang around for a while. You know how to reach me." He started his bike.
"Thanks, brother." 
I returned my gaze to Ginger as she came to a halt next to me. I filled my lungs with her scent, inhaling deeply. Jesus, she was addictive. 
"You ready, baby?" Her sad smile punched me right in the heart. I wanted to wrap her up in my arms and protect her. I'd fucking kill anyone who hurt her. Daryl was a dead man walking, and if the Kings came for her, I'd end them, too. 
I didn't miss her shiver. "I forgot about the mess‒"
Shit. So had I. There was no way she was going to clean it up, either. Once I got her to the hospital I'd call in a cleaner. I held out my hand and waited for her to take it. 
"What hospital is Della at?" Her small, soft hand felt good in mine. 
"Florida Hospital on Memorial Medical Parkway." Once she was settled behind me on the bike I drew her arms around me. "You good?"
"I'm good." She clasped her hands together beneath my abs. 
I sat there for a minute, enjoying the soft feel of her against my backside, the heat of her pussy at my lower back, inhaling the scent of her that I knew was going to do me in. "Jesus, what are you wearing?" I growled. "It's driving me insane."
Her light laugh vibrated through me, and I felt her lean forward to whisper into my ear, "Nothing. Just me." I felt her lips smile against my lobe before she drew it into her mouth and sucked on it. 
"Fuck, baby, don't do shit like that unless you're ready for the consequences."
"Later," she promised huskily. "Take me to the hospital."
I would take her to the hospital, and when we returned home, I was taking her to bed. 





Chapter 21


Ginger

I braced myself for what I was going to see when I walked into Della’s hospital room. Rebel remained quietly at my side, clasping my hand as we took the elevator up to her floor. I was so thankful for his presence. Having him around made me feel safe, and it was nice to know that I had someone strong to lean on. I knew that I had Stevie and Vinny, too, but Rebel was able to comfort me in ways that they couldn’t. He was protective and possessive, and I had no doubt that the first chance that he had he would show me in a very physical way how he was going to take care of me.
Stevie was the first person that I saw when the elevator doors slid open, and she took me into her arms for a brief hug. “God, honey, it’s good to see that you’re okay.” Once she stepped away her gaze traveled over me, as if she were looking for injuries. 
“Della?” I was anxious to know how she was doing.
“The nurse is in with her now, that’s why I stepped out here. Plus, they’re keeping her sedated.” She paused to take a deep breath, her gaze moving nervously between me and Rebel. 
Her hesitation, and the look of regret in her eyes, warned me that there was bad news. Her earlier revelation that Daryl had done some damage to Della hung heavily on my mind. I could only imagine the internal injuries that she may have sustained. I swallowed hard, afraid of what she was going to say next. 
“I guess I should just tell you what I know, honey.” She reached for my hand, pulling me away from Rebel. “Let’s go into the waiting room.”
Oh, God, this wasn't good. Once there, the three of us sat down. Stevie and I turned to face each other, Rebel sat on the other side of me, his hand on my knee. I needed that minor touch from him, it kept me calm and grounded in spite of the sickening turmoil that was churning inside me. “She’s going to be okay, right?” There was fear in my voice. 
Stevie nodded, but it didn’t set my mind at ease, because I knew there was more. “Della had a miscarriage.” 
I gasped, my hand flying up to cover my mouth. It was the last thing that I had expected to hear. I hadn’t even known that she was pregnant. I closed my eyes to the violent image of Daryl kicking her in the groin area, wondering if it had been the cause of the miscarriage. Had she known she was going to have a baby? She hadn’t said anything to me. 
“He kicked her . . .” 
“She didn’t know she was pregnant.” I opened my eyes, meeting the sadness in Stevie’s, wondering if Della not knowing was good news or not. “That pig raped her, sodomized her, broke two of her ribs, her fingers, dislocated her jaw, and broke her nose. He . . .” She stopped, unable to go on.
A chill traveled over me. I felt guilt for not having done enough to help Della. The kind of damage she had sustained took time to inflict. I wanted to kill Daryl myself!
Stevie was tough. She didn’t normally get emotional in the way that she was now, and I wondered how much of this was reminding her of her own rape. “What else?” I asked softly. I didn’t want to know, but I needed to know. The tightening of Rebel’s hand on my thigh revealed that he wasn’t immune to Stevie’s words. I was afraid to look at him, afraid that if I did I would fall apart in his arms, and I needed to remain strong for Della. 
“There’s more.” For the first time tears filled Stevie’s eyes, her bottom lip quivering. 
I immediately thought of the possibility of brain damage, or something else just as life altering. I was soon to find out that my worry hadn't been for nothing. 
“His beating left Della unable to have children. She was hemorrhaging so bad when they brought her in, they had to do an emergency hysterectomy to save her.”
Oh, God, no! Rebel swore viciously beneath his breath, the hand on my thigh clenching into a fist. I buried my face into my hands, giving into the need to express the heartache of Della losing a baby she hadn’t even known she was going to have, and the unfairness of never being able to have a child in the future. My rage and hatred for Daryl grew until I felt as if I were going to explode. Strong arms closed around me, and I found myself being dragged onto Rebel’s lap.
“I hate him,” I wept against him. “I hate him so much!" I said passionately. "I want him dead, Rebel, for what he’s done to her.” I didn’t care if anyone overheard me, but when I glanced around I was relieved to see that we were the only ones in the room. I looked deeply into Rebel’s hard eyes. 
He kissed my forehead and smoothed his thumbs beneath my wet eyes. “Working on it, babe. I promise. For what he did to Della and you.” He glanced at Stevie, and I noticed them exchange a meaningful look.
“I want to see her,” I said finally. I struggled off of Rebel’s lap, even though I wanted to remain there in his strong arms.
“The nurse should be gone by now,” Stevie said as she rose to her feet. “Just a warning, she looks bad.” 
I had expected that. “Thank you for being here for her. It means a lot.”
“We’re family, honey,” she said, leading the way. “We may not show it often enough, and Vinny can be a real grouch most of the time, but we care for you girls.” I smiled at that. “When Vinny found out what was going on he lost it.”
I didn’t ask where Vinny was. He practically lived at Pirate’s Cove. We came to a stop outside of a closed door. I took deep breaths, preparing myself.
“Angel.” I turned toward Rebel’s low tone. “You go in with Stevie, I’ve got some shit to take care of. I’ll be back for you, so stay put until then, yeah?” 
“Okay.” I pushed down the slight unease that I felt at his leaving.
He pulled me against him and planted a kiss on my lips. I expected it to be brief, but he surprised me by lingering, thrusting his tongue into my mouth with an aggressive growl and letting me feel his passion. It didn’t take much to spark the fire between us, but a hospital corridor was hardly the place to let go of our feelings. 
He pulled back before I had a chance to protest, smiling down into my face as if he’d known what I’d been thinking. 
“I’ll be back.” 
He turned to leave, and it was then that a thought occurred to me that I knew Rebel needed to know. It might help him find Daryl, because I knew he wouldn't give up until he did. "Rebel, wait." He swung back to face me, an expectant look on his face. "What happened to Della, Daryl did that on his own. But later, after they came to my apartment, another man showed up. His name is Jack. He was involved in taking me."
I watched a tic appear in Rebel’s tight jaw. "Can you think of anything else?" 
I shook my head. 
By the time he disappeared around a corner, Stevie had opened the door to Della’s room. I sucked in a deep breath and walked inside with her. Della was asleep, or at least I thought she was, until we got nearer to her bed, and then her eyes fluttered open and the glimmer of a tiny smile spread across her bruised and swollen face. I reached up and grasped her hand.
"Oh, honey." Seeing her in that condition made me hurt for her. Fresh tears swelled in my eyes.
“How… do… you… like… the… new… me?” she asked in a broken, hoarse voice, trying to make light of her ordeal. 
I smiled, because she was. “Well, I like the colors.” The bruises had left her in a rainbow of colors--yellows, blues, reds, and purples. “Not so sure I like you with one eye, though.” Her right eye was completely swollen shut. “I guess I don’t need to ask how you feel.”
“I’ve… felt… better,” she admitted in a low voice.
I had to strain to hear.  “God, honey, I’m so sorry this happened to you.”
She shook her head, closing her eyes. I could tell that she was fighting to stay awake. “Not your fault. Mine . . .  for not breaking it off with him . . .  a long time ago.” She had to stop every few words and take a breath. “I knew he’d gotten hooked . . . on drugs, I didn’t know how badly.” She squeezed my hand. “I was terrified . . .  when he dragged you off.”
“I’m okay, honey. Now we just need to get you healed up and back on your feet.”
Her gaze darted to Stevie. “Yeah,” she said quietly, and I knew that she was thinking about the miscarriage she’d suffered and the damage to her body. There was a moment of awkward silence.
“I told her everything, honey,” Stevie said to Della after a while.
The relief was evident by the sound of Della’s tired sigh. Her broken face revealed nothing. I didn’t want to talk about it unless Della wanted to, but something told me that she needed time to come to terms with what had happened. She was still young and had many child-bearing years left. To know that there would never be children had to be weighing on her mind. She was so quiet that I thought that she was about to nod off, but then she continued.
“I didn’t know . . .  I was pregnant,” Della said, ending her sentence in tears. “Lately Daryl hadn’t been interested . . . in sex.” She looked away, making a noticeable effort to pull herself together. “I would have wanted my baby, Ginger. But he took that away from me.”
“He’ll pay for hurting you, honey, I promise.” I reached down and hugged her carefully. “Vinny and Rebel will see to that.”
She nodded slowly, holding me tightly. We stayed like that for a couple of minutes before I realized that she’d finally dozed off. Carefully, I disentangled myself from her and straightened up, eyeing Stevie. 
 “Good. The sleep will do her good. Have they said how long she’ll be in the hospital? She’ll need help when she gets home.”
“At least a week. Vinny and I have already discussed her situation. She’ll have a live-in aide until she’s on her feet again. The hospital recommended someone. We’ll cover the cost.”
I was so glad to hear that they’d arranged for someone to stay with Della. The fact they were covering the cost was huge, considering that Vinny did not like to part with his money. The gesture showed what a big ol’ teddy bear he was. I teared up at the news, unable to talk, I was so overwhelmed. I’d been prepared to quit work to take care of her, and now I wouldn’t need to.
“Thank you, you two are so sweet to do that for her.”
Stevie brushed my comment aside and joked, “You know Vinny. He figured you’d quit to take care of her, and he didn’t want to lose two of his best girls at the same time.”
Her comment made me chuckle. “Yeah, that sounds like Vinny.” We both glanced down at Della. She looked peaceful. “I’m going to stay here until Rebel comes back for me. If you want to take off, go ahead, you’ve been here for a while.”
She nodded. “I think I will, honey. Vinny will need me at the restaurant. If you need anything don’t hesitate to call. And take the next few days off. You need to recoup from your ordeal, too.”
I opened my mouth to tell her that I was okay to return to work, but then thought better of it. I could use the extra time off to visit with Della, and there was my apartment to consider. I needed to clean up the blood that was splattered everywhere. I hadn’t been inside Della’s apartment, but I was sure it would need cleaning, too. There was no way I would let her return home to a visual reminder of what she’d gone through. 
Once Stevie was gone, I settled into the chair next to Della’s bed. I stared at her for a while, thinking about all that she’d gone through. Losing a baby was huge. Some women didn’t get over something like that. She had a long road of healing ahead of her, both mentally and physically. She could even need therapy to get over the trauma. 
I prayed that making Daryl pay for what he’d done would be a good start. Sometimes it took destroying the monster that had changed your life forever to be able to move forward. I should know. I’d run from Wildman long enough, but it had taken learning from Rebel that Wildman and the Red Devils were no more for me to relax and finally feel at peace with my life. Having Rebel back in my life was an added bonus, because I’d never really blamed him for what had happened. 
The question was how long was he going to remain in my life now? 





Chapter 22

Rebel

After leaving Ginger I called the Max brothers in and then met them at her and Della's apartments to let them inside. No explanations had been necessary, they'd been around a long time and knew what they were doing. As far as cleanup crews went they were fast, thorough, and experienced. They had to be in order to do the jobs they were usually hired for, and their clients counted on them not to leave anything behind for the cops, especially not DNA. With no bodies to contend with, cleanup at the girls’ apartments was an easy job for them.
After that I'd gone to Pirate's Cove, where I met Vinny in his office for a private conversation. He was on the phone when I opened his door. He motioned for me to come in and sit.
"I don't care what you have to do to find him," he growled to someone on the other end of the line. "He damned near killed one of my girls. Kidnapped another." He was as determined as I was to find and end Daryl. He was protective over the girls working for him, and he didn't tolerate abuse of any kind. "No, we got her back. Spread the word. I want the whole fucking town looking for that little prick." He hung up, seemingly satisfied.
I sank down into the chair opposite him, his desk between us. "I want him," I said firmly, leaving no doubt that I would deal with Daryl once we found him. "I just left the Max brothers at the girls' apartments."
"Christ." Vinny hadn't always been a bar owner. Twenty years before he'd been involved with some shady characters and had done some dirty dealings. He'd made use of the Max brothers on occasion, so he knew the significance of hiring them. He'd distanced himself from that kind of life since, but once you were caught up in our world you never really escaped it. It paid to keep your connections. "Stevie told me what he did to Della." He rubbed the bottom half of his jaw. "You know, when I first met Daryl I liked him. He seemed like an okay guy."
"Drugs, man, you know what they can do," I said, sitting back in my chair. 
Vinny nodded. "Yeah. I met Daryl in the beginning of their relationship, but he hasn't come around lately for me to notice the changes. If he had, I would have done something."
I believed Vinny. He didn't take shit from anyone. "He's using the hard stuff," I began, thinking about how Daryl had looked that night in Della's apartment, "and he seemed desperate for money. From what we've been able to piece together, he owes the Kings."
Vinny sniggered. "Wicked is crazy, he causes trouble just for the hell of it. If that's true, then Daryl's got a shit-ton of bad dudes looking for him."
"Including the Sentinels. Tanner and I go back a long way. His club is willing to help."
"A couple of them, Ace and Skipper, came by earlier. They wanted to know if I had a picture of Daryl." Shit, I'd forgotten to ask Ginger about that. "Said they'd been in touch with Wicked, but there's bad blood between them, he wouldn't help them for shit."
"Ginger said there was another man involved in her abduction, a friend of Daryl's named Jack. You know him?"
That news seemed to surprise Vinny. He nodded. "I know the guy. He comes in once in a while. In fact, I think he and Daryl met here one night, when Daryl came in to see Della. They were sitting at the bar and struck up a conversation, became chummy. He seemed pretty harmless, though."
"He helped take my woman," I snarled. "He pays for that. If we find him, he could lead us to Daryl."
"I'll ask around when the bar opens. Someone might know where Jack works."
"Does Daryl have family in the area?"
He shrugged. "Hell, I don't know. You know how the girls are, most of the time they don't know the last names of the men they date." He opened a drawer and pulled out a bottle and two shot glasses. "Want a drink?"
"Yeah, I could do with one." I noticed that it was the good stuff. He splashed some amber liquid into a glass and slid it my way. 
He poured himself a shot, but before he had a chance to take a sip his phone rang. "Yeah?" he barked into the receiver. He grunted a few times before hanging up. "Well, that's something, at least. I found out Daryl is unemployed, and recently evicted from his apartment. He's been hanging out with one of his friends, someone who drives a black Camaro, could be Jack."
A black Camaro. That jogged my memory back to that morning when I'd almost been side swiped by one as I’d left Ginger's apartment complex. Fuck. It couldn't be a coincidence. My mouth turned down in a sneer as I realized how close I'd been to Ginger.
"What's wrong?"
My expression had given me away. "A black Camaro was leaving the parking lot of the girls' apartment building as I was turning in this morning."
"Shit, man."
"Yeah." I clenched my jaw. "Fuck."
"Don't beat yourself up over it. You got your girl back, right?" Something in Vinny's tone made me narrow my eyes. There was an undercurrent of speculation in his comment, as if he were looking for confirmation as to the status between me and Ginger. 
I couldn't blame him, considering what had just happened. Plus, Vinny had known me for years, and he'd never seen me interested in one woman before. He had to know that there was something serious between me and Ginger for me to be there. Ginger was more than just a casual fuck, but if I pointed that out to him he probably would have tried to pound the shit out of me. That thought made me grin.
That pissed him off. "Right?" he asked in a hard, prompting tone. 
Did I think of Ginger as my girl? Fuck, yeah. She was mine, and had been for years. I wanted her. I had claimed her. I didn't want anyone else to have her, but admitting it scared the fuck out of me. I felt that once the words were out of my mouth, my fate would be sealed. I wouldn’t be able to take them back. I glared at Vinny, suddenly pissed that he was demanding a commitment from me. It was none of his fucking business, anyway.
"What's between us is between us," I finally said, tossing back my drink and slamming the glass down onto his desk. If he didn't get the message that I didn't want to discuss it, then there was going to be trouble. 
"You hurt her‒"
"Don't plan on it." I watched as he sat back in his chair, grumbling beneath his breath. "Let's worry about finding Daryl," I insisted, crossing my arms. For a minute we stared each other down, but after a few seconds of thinking it over he nodded. I felt a vibration in my pocket and dug out my phone. It was Moody. "Yeah, brother?"
"Hey, I'm down here at a biker bar called The Rooster in Sanford. Caught wind of some news."
I'd heard of The Rooster but had never been to it. I liked to stick closer to home when I was in Daytona. Moody didn't call any place home. Like many of us nomads, he had never been part of an MC. He liked running solo, and when you hired the brother for a job, he did it, did it well, and then disappeared. I knew the only reason that he was sticking around now was to help out if I needed him.
"What kind of news?" The background noise on his phone revealed that he was still in the bar. I could hear heavy rock n' roll, laughter, and the sound of pool balls slamming into pockets.
"Some of the Kings are here. Overheard one of them talking about Daryl and his skipping out on owing them money. Apparently, he called Wicked earlier and told him he had something for him in exchange for the money."
Ginger. My gut clenched at how close she'd come to being in the middle of shit. "Are they looking for him?"
"Fuck, yeah, brother. They want their money and they're willing to take it out of his hide."
I snorted. "Daryl's days are numbered. Vinny has people looking for him, too."
"You might not get to be the one to end him," Moody said, stating something that I was already aware of. "The only advantage you got is that Daryl doesn't know anyone else is looking for him except the Kings."  I knew that, too. "I'm going to hang around here for a couple of days, see if I can pick up anything else."
"While you're at it, ask about a guy named Jack, he was with Daryl when they took Ginger."
"Will do."
"Thanks, brother." We'd have an easier time of finding two men with specific names than one. The call was ended and I slipped my phone back into my pocket, pinning my gaze on Vinny. "Daryl was going to trade Ginger to Wicked in exchange for the money he owed them."
"Thank fuck she escaped when she did," Vinny commented, his face turning red.  
I couldn't agree more. I got to my feet.  "Moody's going to hang around in Sanford for a while, keep his eyes open. I've got to get back to the hospital." I didn't want to leave Ginger alone for too long with Daryl still out there somewhere. I didn't trust him. She'd ruined his plans, whether Wicked would have taken her or not.
Vinny pushed his chair back and rose to his feet. "I gotta get out front. I'll let you know when I hear something."
When, not if. With the amount of people looking for Daryl, and now Jack, someone was bound to see or hear something. Better sooner than later. I wanted to put an end to this.
When I arrived back at the hospital and Della's room, I wasn't surprised to walk in and find that Ginger was asleep. She was sitting in a chair next to the bed, her head lying on her crossed arms that were resting on the bed rail. She looked uncomfortable. Della was sleeping, too, which was probably a good thing. She was hooked up to all kinds of bags and monitors, but her breathing seemed peaceful. The woman had been through hell, and the thought that Ginger could have ended up the same way filled me with blind rage. 
I wasn't going to be happy until Daryl was maggot food.
I stepped further into the room. Ginger stirred slightly as I moved closer to her. She straightened slowly and turned my way, the sleepy sadness in her eyes gutting me. Once again I was reminded that I hadn't been there to keep her safe, that I hadn't listened to my gut when it had warned me that Daryl was trouble. I forced down the anger and instead focused on Ginger's beautiful face. Her warm smile calmed me.
"Hi," she said softly.
"Babe." I couldn't help myself. I slipped my hand beneath her hair and around the back of her neck and then leaned in to kiss her. Her lips were so fucking soft and sweet, and I wanted to take the time to slip my tongue inside her mouth to taste her, but not here, not now. There would be time for that later. I drew back, my gaze dropping to the slightly swollen, dewy look that my kiss had created. "Let's go‒"
Her eyes grew round as she whispered sharply, "No! I need to be here!"
"Babe, listen--" I crouched next to her, running my hand up and down her back. "It's been a long day, you've got to eat something and get some rest. Della would want you to do that‒"
"But‒"
"Look at her," I continued. "She's sleeping soundly and probably will all night. We can come back first thing in the morning."
Ginger looked at Della, but I could see the indecision in her liquid eyes. She was barely holding on. "I'm scared," she admitted softly.
I couldn't blame her. I dug out my phone and pulled up Tanner's number. It took a few rings before he answered.
"What's up, brother?" 
"Hey, man, I'm here at the hospital. Can one of your brothers do a little protection duty while Della is here? I need to get Ginger home, and she's afraid to leave her friend." 
"Anything you need. I'll send Gabe. How's the girl doing?" he asked.
"She's in rough shape, but she’ll heal." I didn't want to get into the details. "I appreciate this, brother."
"Good to hear. He'll be there in ten."
The entire time that I'd been on the phone, Ginger's eyes had been on me while she listened in, so I didn't need to fill her in on what had been said. Her smile and the shining appreciation in her pretty eyes was all the confirmation I needed that she was on board. 
"Thank you." Her soft words were followed with a sweet kiss that warmed my blood. I growled low, fighting the urge to pull her back to me when she drew away. 
"We'll wait for Gabe to get here and then take off, yeah?" She nodded. "We'll grab something to eat somewhere, and then go home."
"I am hungry," she admitted. 
I was hungry, too, but for her. I'd feed her, take her home for a long soak, and then fuck her into oblivion. I would make her forget, if only for a little while, the shit that had gone down today. 
"Have you talked to anyone about how long Della will be here?"
"A nurse came in earlier, she said probably a few days." I nodded, sensing that she wanted to say more. "Do you think he'll try anything else?"
She didn't need to say his name. I knew that she was talking about Daryl, and I wasn't going to lie to her. If anything, the truth would make her more aware of what was going on around her. Until Daryl was found, neither she nor Della was out of the woods completely. "If he's smart he won't, but he's on drugs, and he owes someone money, someone bad. He may place blame for his predicament on one of you. He didn't get what he needed from Della, so I'd like to say he won't be back, but the truth is, when someone is desperate and on drugs, they don't think rationally. "
Ginger nodded in understanding. "Will someone be here as long as Della is here?"
"Yeah." I didn't want her to worry about it. "I'll see to it. Gabe is on his way now."
"Did I hear my name?"
We both turned toward the door to see a huge biker with a blonde Mohawk saunter into the room. He looked like a fucking Viking. Gabe was the Sentinels' VP and a good man to have in a fight. He was a mean, tough motherfucker, and one hit from his huge fist and you were out. "That was fast, brother."
He grinned. "I was five minutes away when Tanner called." He looked toward the hospital bed, his grin fading. "Damn." That was an understatement. "I won't leave her side," he promised in a serious tone. He glanced down at Ginger. "And who's this pretty lady?"
"Ginger," she said as I pulled her to her feet. "Nice to meet you."
"Same here." 
"Thank you for coming. Della is my best friend, we're sisters really." There was an emotional tremble in her voice.
"Don't mention it, sweetheart. Anytime." 
I knew that Gabe meant it, but I didn't like the look of interest in his eyes when they were on my woman. I wrapped my arm around Ginger, feeling the need to show him that she was mine. The smirk and knowing gleam in his eyes revealed that he'd gotten the message loud and clear. No other words were necessary. His slight nod satisfied me.
"Did Tanner fill you in?" Gabe nodded brusquely. "No one but her nurse and doctor get into this room. You call me for any reason."
"Got it, brother."
I steered Ginger out of the room and out to my bike.
We'd grab a bite to eat, and then head home.
And then I was going to fuck her brains out. 





Chapter 23

Ginger

For the first time in as long as I could remember I was glad to let someone take over and make the decisions for me. I was emotionally exhausted and slightly brain dead from too much happening in such a short time. Rebel's presence was a peaceful balm that soothed more than one need. He was taking care of me. I recognized it because he'd done the same thing when we'd first met. I hadn't recognized it then, I’d been too frightened by being thrown into a situation that was beyond my control. But looking back, I understood that he'd taken care of me then, too, in the only way that he could.
Why? I decided the only way I was going to find out was if I simply asked him. We'd stopped at a small country kitchen, the kind that was known more for the food then ambiance, and was open all night. We'd just settled into one of the worn vinyl booths and had ordered our food. I was watching the waitress walk away when Rebel reached across the table and snagged my hand.
Our gazes met and held. His strength and his concern for me registered in his sapphire eyes, the tautness of his jaw, and the firmness of his lips. There was something else there, too, but it was hard to identify what exactly it was. His thick hair brushed against his shoulders, long enough for him to pull it back with a tie if he'd wanted to. I wanted to run my fingers through it, I wanted to smooth my hands over his rugged features to draw from his strength. 
"Why are you doing this, Rebel? Why are you taking care of me?" Please, God, I silently prayed, don't let him say that it’s because I owe him money. I wanted him to have feelings for me, the same feelings that I had for him, even though I wasn't sure what those feelings were just yet. I only knew that he was important to me and that I wanted him in my life.
He took a long time to think about his answer. Leaning against the backrest of the booth, he exhaled a deep breath and released my hand. This was not a good sign in my book. I swallowed the disappointment and schooled my features to hide how devastated that small move had left me. I forced a tiny smile on my lips, hating myself when I couldn't control the tremble.
"Because I owe you money?" There, I'd said it, but I could see right away that my comment had angered Rebel, and I was suddenly glad that he wasn't holding my hand any longer. I could almost feel him squeezing it hard enough to cause me pain. I felt the need to apologize, but then reminded myself that owing him money was the only thing we really had between us. 
Apart from smoking hot sex. 
The muscle twitched in his clenched jaw, and it was obvious that he was struggling not to lose control. "Forget about the money. It's not about that."
"What else is there?" I found the courage to ask. 
He leaned forward so fast that a frightened gasp escaped me, and I sank back against my own booth. "I'll tell you what else, angel--ever since the first fucking day you entered my life, there's been something about you that I haven't been able to forget. You are so sweet, so tempting, and so fucking pure. I wanted to claim you and keep you as mine alone from the moment I met you. Taking your cherry . . . it did something to me, knowing that I was the first man inside your tight pussy. I owned it. And the more I fucked you, the more I became addicted. I helped you escape because you were mine and no one else was going to touch you, especially not Wildman's sick fucks."
"That doesn't explain why you're going to so much trouble to help us now." Including Della in the mix made it easier to say the words. 
I wasn't expecting the sexy grin to move across his face. "Oh, baby, it explains everything. Seeing you again, tasting you, it's like the years apart never happened. You're mine, angel, and I take care of what's mine. That includes the people who are important to you."
The waitress appeared with our hamburgers and fries. I made sure that she was far enough away before asking, "What happens when you leave?" I began to nibble on a fry, dreading his answer.
"What makes you think I'm leaving?" he asked around a crooked grin.
I shrugged. "You're a nomad, Rebel, isn't that what nomads do?" I took a bite of my burger, moaning with pleasure around the mouthful of juicy meat. I was suddenly ravenous.
"I admit that I hadn't come here with the intention of staying, but Daytona is my hometown, and being a nomad now, I think I'd like to have a place to come back to when I'm in between jobs." He took a huge bite of his burger, but his eyes remained on me. "I’d like to have someone waiting for me here."
Wow. The hope that his words gave me quickly went from thrilled to misery as I reminded myself that Rebel was a hard-core biker and lived like one. He wasn't the kind of man to settle down. Sure, he wanted some place to return to in between jobs, but that didn't mean that he wanted a family. He wanted a woman to relieve his sexual needs, and any woman could do that for him.
"As opposed to ‘someones’?" The bitter words were out before I could stop them. I knew enough about MCs to know what went on in them. There were club girls and groupies who hung around bikers for the thrill of being with them, and made themselves available for whatever the bikers wanted. Being a nomad meant that he was welcomed at most MCs, and I was sure that he took advantage of that perk.
"Baby, I’m sure you’re hinting at the existence of club whores. Yeah, they're a part of my life." Are, not were. "They're there because they want to be, no one forces them to do anything. They keep the men stress-free and happy."
"With sex," I clarified with disgust.
I wanted to slap the grin off his face. "Can you think of a better way to provide relief?" 
Nothing else came to mind, but I wasn't going to respond to that. Instead, I focused on finishing my meal, and Rebel seemed content in doing the same. Every so often our eyes met, but I was always the first one to look away. I couldn't stop myself from thinking about him with those other women. I didn't want to think about it, but it was an all too easy visual that conjured up in my mind. I hated the image, along with the jealousy that reared its ugly head over the thought of him touching, kissing, and fucking countless women, giving them pleasure in the same way he gave it to me.
I wanted to be the only one.
The waitress came back and asked with a polite smile, "Would either of you like anything else?" 
"No, thank you," I said, pushing my plate aside.
Rebel finished his beer and set the glass down. "Just the check." 
She ripped off the top sheet on her pad and placed it on the table. "I'll take it when you're ready." She started to turn around.
"I'm ready now." Rebel got to his feet, picking up the check and glancing at it at the same time. He dropped it and a couple of twenties down on the table, never taking his eyes off me. "You ready?"
I wondered what he would do if I said no, but I was too tired for games. I slipped my hand into his and let him pull me from the booth. We walked wordlessly to his bike. 
"Baby." 
I turned to him just as I was about to get on his bike. A gasp escaped me when he picked me up and sat me down on the leather seat. He nudged my knees apart and moved between them, running his fingers through my hair. The pressure against my scalp felt wonderful, and I didn't even try to stifle the sound of pleasure moving up my throat. 
Rebel groaned. "You make a sound like that, and it goes straight to my dick."
I made it again. "What do you think it does to me when you touch me like this?" He pulled my head back and placed his lips against my throat. I knew, after our conversation, that I should have pushed him away, but I needed this.
I needed him.
"This isn't why I stopped you," he began, raining kisses along my flesh. "I wanted to tell you something."
"So who's stopping you?" I arched my throat, the feel of his teeth grazing my flesh causing me to shiver. My breath caught, and my nipples hardened into achy peaks. God, I wanted him to touch them. 
I wanted more.
"I can't help myself." He transferred his hands to my hips, squeezing them tightly. "You're too damned hard to resist." 
"Like those other women?" God, I sounded so pathetic. Rebel stiffened and slowly drew back to look into my eyes as I let my head fall forward. He wasn't angry, though. If anything, he appeared to be amused. "Forget that I said that. I don't know what's wrong with me."
That made him smile even more, revealing the whiteness of his teeth in the dark. "Angel, you're nothing like those other women. They're whores, and not the kind of women a man chooses to make a life with. They like having sex and they spread themselves around to keep the men happy. They don't expect love and marriage, and I don't have to worry about attachments."
"How sad and lonely," I murmured. His brow rose, as if he were questioning my comment. "And you're content with that? No emotions, just sex? Don't you want love?"
"I gave up on love a long fucking time ago," he said with a bitter inflection in his voice. "Tried it, it didn't work out. It taught me that this life isn't the kind that allows for long-term commitments that include white picket fences and babies."
I was curious. "Then why do you choose this kind of life, Rebel?"
He didn't hesitate. "It's all I know, baby. I got caught stealing a car when I was sixteen, spent some time in kiddy jail, met the son of a biker, and we became friends. Went right into prospecting for his dad's club when I got out, and three years later I was a patched member."
"Dark Menace?" I remembered him mentioning them before.
He shook his head. "No, they came later. And why are we talking about this?"
I shrugged, smiling. "I'm curious about you." It was more than that. I'd met enough bikers and men like Rebel to know that they didn't talk. They grunted, growled, and snarled, most of the time keeping their lives a secret because of what they were involved in. It was nice that Rebel was giving me something deeper than that.
He found my confession amusing, I could see it in his eyes. "Why are you curious about me, angel?" He began to run his hands up and down my arms, the roughness of his warm palms stimulating me in ways that left me tingling all over.
"You're in my life. I want to get to know you." There was no sense in lying to him. "I think you're a good man." I firmly believed that only a good man would have gone to the lengths Rebel had to help me and Della. 
My words seemed to surprise him. He snorted. "I've never been a good man, baby." His hands smoothed over my shoulders and up the sides of my neck, the rough caress dragging a whimper from me. "I'm an outlaw. I've killed. I live on the wrong side of the law. But right now all I can think about is fucking you." His words took my breath away. "But first, I want to taste you, make you scream my name when you come on my tongue."
Fuck! I knew that he could do it, too. A voracious need surged through me for him to do exactly that, and the sooner the better. I was surprised that I wasn't melting at his feet from the intense heat that was racing through my blood. The heat between my legs grew, dampening my panties. I could feel the hard ridge of Rebel's cock right there at the crucial spot, throbbing against the bundle of nerves that would make me come. Suddenly I couldn't help myself. I shifted my hips so that I could grind against him, closing my eyes and groaning loudly.
He gripped my hips and held me against him, burying his face against the side of my neck. His nose nuzzled me, his lips glided over my skin, his teeth nibbled hard enough to cause more wetness to escape my body. 
"Christ, angel, I'm going to fuck you right here in about two minutes."
I laughed softly, understanding his need. "Then we'd better go home." I could feel his heart thumping against me.
After a minute or two of continuing what we were doing, he finally pulled back with a growl. "Good idea."
The ride home was quiet and fast. Anticipation of what I expected to happen once Rebel got me home overwhelmed me. The rumble of the bike beneath me kept my pussy thrumming with arousal. I found myself forcing down my need to come. I wanted it to be on Rebel's tongue, or with his cock inside of me, not while I was on his bike, yet the constant vibration against my pussy was slowly winning. I released a sigh of relief when he finally pulled into my apartment complex and pulled into a spot. 
He shut the engine off and sat there for a minute, taking in a deep breath. "Did you come?"
He knew! My eyes grew big, even though I knew that he couldn't see me. "I'm waiting for you," I said softly. 
I felt his silent laughter shake his body. Then he helped me off before dismounting himself. Words weren't necessary. He took my hand and led me to my door. Suddenly, recalling the way I'd left my apartment earlier, I stiffened and pulled back slightly, not wanting to go inside. I didn't know if I could face the blood again. The memory of that was still too fresh in my mind. 
Rebel glanced back at me, unlocking the door, but he didn't open it. He turned to face me, sensing my concern. He reached up and cupped my cheek with his hand. "Baby, I had your apartment cleaned up while you were at the hospital. Della's, too."
I stared at him in awe. The man was too much! He was a good man, I didn't care what he believed. "Thank you." 
"I told you, I take care of what's mine," he said simply, his eyes holding mine captive. "And stop saying ‘thank you’."
I closed my mouth, smiling, because that's exactly what I'd been about to do. "You know, you never did tell me what you said you had to tell me," I reminded him.
I sensed the change in him almost immediately. His expression turned serious as he rubbed a hand over his lower jaw. I got the impression that he was trying to make up his mind as to whether he should tell me now or later. I waited patiently.
"All I can think about right now is getting you naked and under me, baby. We can talk any time." He reached forward and ran his finger over my bottom lip. "Are you down for that?"
Oh, I was so down for that. I opened my mouth and sucked his finger inside. A hiss slipped through his teeth, and a spark glittered in his dark eyes. He grabbed me and pulled me inside my apartment, slamming and locking the door behind us. 





Chapter 24

Rebel

I don't know how I managed to keep my hands off Ginger the second we were inside her apartment, but I did. As much as I wanted her, I realized that there was an order of how the night needed to go, and doing things right was a lot more important than getting her beneath me. She deserved it, and my patience. Her reaction to walking inside her clean apartment had been worth it. A quick glance revealed that the Max brothers had done a top notch job, even going so far as to add a fresh coat of paint on the wall by the door where most of the blood had been located. It hadn't been necessary, but the light paint fumes helped mask the scents that lingered from what had really happened there. The deep purple color didn't match the rest of her walls, but it made for an interesting accent wall, and Ginger liked it.
As soon as I closed the door behind us, I rushed her into the shower. Fuck, I'd wanted to join her for a replay of what we'd done earlier in there, but again I held myself back. She needed the alone time, and I didn’t want to come off as a totally insensitive ass. I'd made her aware of my intentions, I was pretty damned certain that she was on board with them, but I needed her to know that it wasn't all about fucking.
Hell that was a new concept for me. Fucking was the only thing that I'd wanted from women in the past, a quick, no-questions-asked relief from the stress of being on the road, of being on a dangerous mission, or hell, just the plain fucking pleasure of emptying my balls. It worked perfectly for me, as long as the woman didn't ask questions and left afterwards. I had to admit that ever since I’d met Ginger, the sexual encounters with club whores or the loose women that I met on the road hadn't been enough to satisfy me, not when all I had been able to think about had been long hair that felt like silk in my hands, sparkling eyes clinging to mine, soft with arousal, and mouthwatering curves that I could fill my hands with.
Ginger had remained on my mind, like an addictive drug that I couldn't get my hands on.
And now I had an abundant supply at my fingertips.
Fuck. I was so screwed. I'd chosen the life that I lived but, and I couldn’t understand why I suddenly wanted something more. Maybe it was because I was getting older, and more and more of my biker friends, men like me, were finding their mates and having families. Christ, I hadn't even known that I was missing that. I had never wanted it. Reconnecting with Ginger was making me think about things that I wasn't comfortable with. 
I knew that I should just walk away. But I also knew that I wouldn't. I wanted her too fucking badly, and not just for fucking, contrary to what my hard dick was indicating. I ran my hands over my shoulders and chest and down to the enlarged muscle, washing away the soap. I lifted my dick to make sure the suds beneath it and my balls were washed away. I was still hard as a rock when I turned off the water and stepped out of the tub.
Ginger had slipped on a tee after her shower, but I had no qualms about drying off and walking through her apartment naked. A noise in the kitchen drew me there, and I walked in in time to see Ginger ending a call. She set her phone down, her surprised gaze shooting down to my erection, before rocketing back up to meet my eyes. I gave her a wolf grin, watching her cheeks flush with a pretty blush.
She didn't owe me an explanation, but she gave me one anyway. "I called to check on Della." 
"How is she?"
"Still sleeping, according to the nurse. She said they would be keeping her sedated during the night so she didn't move around too much."
"Good." I went to her, for the first time noticing that she had something in her mouth. "What are you eating?" I grinned.
A mischievous glint sparkled in her eyes. "A peppermint patty. I'm addicted to them."
I'd seen the bag of them in her fridge. I caged her in against the counter. "Let me taste."
"It's almost gone," she laughed lightly.
"Give me your mouth," I insisted, leaning in and taking what I wanted. As soon as my mouth closed over hers I forced my tongue past the seam of her lips and thrust it into her mouth. The strong taste of mint and chocolate exploded on my taste buds and fuck if it wasn't the best taste I'd ever had. I leaned against Ginger so she could feel the head of my dick between her thighs. I moaned around the tasty mint coating my tongue, taking as much of it into my mouth as I could.
I was a greedy bastard.
And she was so fucking tasty.
I ended the kiss with several gentle tugs of her bottom lip, reluctant to release my prize. The sting of her nails on my biceps sharpened my hunger. My hands transferred to her hips, sliding beneath her tee to her silky skin. She wasn’t wearing any fucking underpants. I glanced down with surprise, taking in the pretty butterfly tat right above her pretty, pink pussy. Sweet Jesus, I was going to devour her. Suddenly, hearing her scream my name was all that mattered.
"You stole what was mine." Her soft voice drew my gaze up to hers. The sultry smile on her swollen lips and the tiniest bit of chocolate in the corner of her mouth suggested that she was talking about the peppermint patty I’d tasted in her mouth. 
She was so fucking cute. "I'm about to steel more." I moved my hands upwards, taking her shirt with me until the enticing peaks of her tits popped free. I zeroed in on the bounty that I'd exposed. For such a small thing, her tits were heavy and full, her rose-colored nipples the size of berries when they were hard. I had to have a taste. I pulled her shirt the rest of the way off and tossed it away, and then took her tits into my hands.
It was only fair that she was as naked as I was.
I leaned forward, eager to take a nipple into my mouth. Ginger gasped before I had even reached my prize. I glanced up, meeting the arousal in her eyes, the slight flare of her nostrils, and the sexy part of her lips. My dick punched forward, eager to be inside of her tight, little cunt. But I had other plans first. I wrapped my mouth around the tip of her tit, sucking in as much succulent flesh as I could.
"Oh!" Ginger's hands clenched onto my arms as she arched those lovely mounds toward me in eager offering. 
I growled around the tit in my mouth, chewing and sucking on it, and drawing back until nothing but the nipple remained between my teeth. I rolled the sweet bud carefully, hearing her sharp gasps above me. I moved on to the other tit, repeating the action until she was panting heavily. Fuck, she was so receptive and responsive, and I was about to spill my seed on the floor between us, I was so turned on. When I began lapping at her tits and squeezing them in my hands, she cried out and clawed at my shoulders.
The bite of her nails was almost my undoing.
"Please, Rebel!" she pleaded in a breathy tone. "Fuck me!"
I abandoned her tits and trailed kisses up her chest. "Oh, I intend to, baby. When I'm ready." Fuck, who was I fooling? I was so ready that my dick was leaking a pool of pre-cum. I reached her collarbone, losing my fingers in her hair to pull her head back. "I'm going to fucking claim every part of you." It came out in a hoarse threat.
She rolled her head back, giving me access. With my hands shaping and squeezing her tits, my thumbs raking over her rock-hard nipples, I moved in, teasing both of us by brushing the head of my dick against her clit. The pleasure was so intense that I shuddered, groaning weakly. If anyone could bring me to my knees, it was this woman. She grabbed my dick with a frustrated sound. I knew what she wanted. She tried to draw me close, to force me into penetrating her, but I was stronger than her, and all she managed to do was caress the head of my dick with an up and down motion that had me gritting my teeth.
When I couldn't take any more, I grabbed her wrist and forced her arm behind her back. I followed it up with her other arm, holding her hands captive at the small of her back. She was at my mercy, and she clearly didn't like it. I laughed as she strained to get free.
"Rebel‒"
"Mike," I said, wrapping one hand around both of her wrists so I could free up one of mine. "Use my real name," I growled.
"Michael," she gasped with a wild shiver. Fuck, even better. "I need you inside me!"
I fisted my dick and ran the head up and down her slit, just past the seam against her swollen, slick labia. Her clit was a hard little bundle of sensitive nerves, and each time I touched her there she quivered, as if in the throes of a mini orgasm. Little puffs of air passed through her parted lips as I teased her without mercy. 
Sweet Jesus, it was torture for me, too, and I lost control. With a grunt, I thrust forward, seating myself inside her tight pussy, as deep as I could go. We both sounded out our pleasure. Ginger rolled her head back on her shoulders, a satisfied look crossing her face. I leaned in against the side of her neck to take a moment to gain control. I wasn't ready to end it by coming like a school boy. I didn't move, just enjoyed the feel of her slick flesh surrounding my dick like a tight sheath. She had other plans, tightening her muscles around me.
I groaned, shuddering.
She did it again.
"Don't," I warned tightly, biting her hard enough to show that I wasn't kidding. My dick was literally pulsing inside her, and I knew that it wouldn't take much to make me come. "You make me come when I'm not ready and you'll be sorry."
She had the nerve to laugh, backing it up with another squeeze of her muscles. She didn't believe me? I pulled out, and Jesus Christ, she was so tight that I almost lost my load. I ignored her unhappy sound of protest, giving her wrists a squeeze and pulling back to meet her eyes.
"Don't fucking move those hands." I kissed her to dampen the sting of my tone. We were both panting. My hands moved to her thighs, right above her knees. I began to massage them, gradually working my way toward her pussy.
Her breath caught when my thumbs brushed over the swollen lips of her soaked mound. I glanced down, parting the plump flesh. Christ, she was slick with arousal, and I wanted a taste. I dropped to my knees, looking up at Ginger to gauge her reaction. She had to know what was coming. The arousal in her slightly glazed-over eyes made her look soft and inviting. She tugged her bottom lip into her mouth, releasing a little whimper.
"You're going to learn to listen to me." My gaze was focused on the dripping bounty before me.
"Michael . . ."
That was a fucking start. I liked the sound of my name on her lips. Using my thumbs, I parted her flesh even more before burying my face against the sweetest, plumpest pussy I'd ever had. Her flesh was swollen, soft, and coated with her cream, so thick and tasty, better than honey. Fuck, better than ripe strawberries and whipped cream. I thrust my tongue inside, using it like my dick, bringing her to the edge.
Her breath turned heavy, the tensing of her muscles revealing that she was about to come. I drew back, grinning at her moan of frustration, giving her body time to back track. This time I entered her body with two fingers while locking my mouth onto her throbbing clit. 
"Michael!" she cried out as she moved her hips to my thrusting fingers. 
I licked, sucked, and lapped her clit and the outside of her cunt, letting my fingers fuck her deep. I curled my fingers up into the patch of nerves located just past her entrance, but not long enough to get her off. 
"I need to come!" she hissed, moving her hips. "Please!"
"You'll come when I let you," I said, resisting the urge to let her. Every time I sensed that she was close, I stopped, letting her body calm down. "I want my dick inside you when you come," I rasped around her clit. I took it in my mouth and sucked hard. 
"Damn you!" she swore, her voice trembling. "Put your cock in me and fuck me right!"
My hands clenched around her fleshy thighs before sliding beneath her bottom and pulling her up tight to my mouth. She was close, too close, and so was I. My dick was swollen and throbbing, my balls were drawn up tight against my body, aching for release. I gave Ginger's pussy several more hard licks of my tongue.
"Hold on, baby." I pulled her away from the counter and she wrapped her legs around my waist automatically. As I turned to head to her bedroom, we came together in a clash of lips, tongues, and teeth, grinding our mouths together as our need escalated to dizzying heights. We rapidly became drunk on each other.
My objective was to get to Ginger's bed before we collapsed to the floor to finish what we'd started. Feeling her hot, juicy cunt against me almost lured me to press her up against the nearest wall and bury myself to the hilt, and then I thought, Why the hell not? There was no way I was going to make it to her room anyway. She had a small apartment, but her bedroom suddenly seemed miles away. I pushed her up against the nearest wall, devouring her wet, swollen mouth with my harder one.
"I'm going to bury my dick inside you so deep you won't know where I begin and you end." I didn’t know what I was waiting for, perhaps driven by the knowledge that sometimes the anticipation was just as sweet as the release. "Do you want that, baby?"
"Michael‒" she panted in between kisses, her arms circling around my neck. "Fuck me!"
I continued my attack of her mouth, grinding my dick between her legs, my hands roaming up and down her body from her hips to her heavy tits. I strained my body against her to keep her against the wall. We were both breathing hard, hearts pounding as one, lust controlling every move. "Tell me what you want," I demanded, feeling her hard little nipples digging into my chest.
"I want to fuck," she said with breathless desperation. She wanted me as much as I wanted her. "I want your cock inside me," she continued, running her open mouth along my shoulder. She put her mouth against my ear. "I want your cum inside me."
Jesus, fuck, I almost came right then and there. I lost control, taking my dick in my hand and lining it up to her soaked pussy. Once my swollen head touched her sweet, hot flesh there was no stopping my dick from entering her body. With a forceful thrust, I was buried balls deep. I grunted. She moaned. I snaked my hands around to her ass, taking the mounds into my hands as I began to thrust hard and fast.
"Yes, Michael! Yes!" Ginger sang, clenching her legs around me. Her hands traveled up to my head, taking a handful of hair and pulling. "Don't stop!"
I had no intention of denying us. "I'm not stopping until we both come," I said, closing my eyes to the ecstasy of her tight flesh closing around mine. "And then I'm going to take you to your bed and fuck you all over again." 
"Yes!" she hissed, moving her hips in sync with mine. 
"So fucking hot. So fucking tight. Milk my dick dry, baby." I was going to come, but I didn't want to come without her. I reached between us and found her clit. I ran my thumb over it, hearing her whimper. I pinched it hard, hearing her loud gasp. Her pussy clenched around my dick, swelling and growing slicker. I knew that she was getting ready to come, and I gave her a little push by slipping my hand around to her backside and sticking my finger into her little star-shaped anus. A surprised cry escaped her, and then she came undone.
"Michael!" she screamed, convulsing against me.
She bit down on my shoulder and that was all it took. I grunted as cum erupted from my dick in long, powerful arcs, filling her greedy little cunt with my seed. All we could do was use each other for support as we rode out our orgasms against the wall. Gradually the convulsions waned, replaced with erratic twitches and tremors. Our breathing calmed as our hearts did. I was satiated, but I knew that it wouldn't be for long. Christ, my dick wasn't even soft.
I grabbed Ginger away from the wall and walked the rest of the way to her bedroom, dumping her onto the bed. I watched her bounce a few times, along with her tits, grinning at the flushed loveliness of her lush body. She stared up at me with glazed eyes.
"Ready for round two?"
Her wide smile was my answer. 





Chapter 25

Ginger

Ohmygod, I ached! 
Round two had eventually turned into rounds three, four, and five. Rebel's stamina was unbelievable, but I couldn't complain. He'd worshiped every inch of my body by the time we were done, and it had amazed me that the fifth time we'd fucked had been just as intense and satisfying as the first. He knew how to play my body, and I'd learned the hardness of his, had sought out and found his pleasure points. 
I stretched, moaned, and realized that Rebel was still lying next to me. I looked over to see that he was facing me, a serene look on his sleeping face, a stark contrast to what I was used to seeing most of the time. I let my gaze roam down his thickly corded neck, his broad shoulders and chest, and finally, his washboard abs. He was beautiful to look at. The sheet covering his lower body prevented me from seeing more, but I already knew every inch of him. He hadn't been the only one who'd claimed every inch when we'd fucked during the night. 
I realized that I cared for him, maybe a little too much. He was a nomad, and I knew exactly what that meant. In spite of what he'd said, I knew not to get my hopes up. Whatever he decided to do with his life, I knew that I was going to end up hurt. Men like him lived in the moment, they rarely thought about their future because life for them could be over in a heartbeat. Still, I couldn’t help but wonder what a future with Rebel would be like.
Movement drew my gaze back to the sheet to see it tenting. A little smile spread across my lips. Morning wood? I turned toward him, smoothing my hand down his chest and abs to the edge of the sheet. My eyes remained on his face, looking for the slightest change in his expression to reveal that he wasn't sleeping as deeply as I thought he was. So far there was no reaction to my light caress. I inched my hand beneath the sheet to his erection. By now his cock was standing up proudly and throbbing with a life of its own.
My breathing sounded more like panting as I curled my hand around his shaft, feeling the scorching heat coming off of it. Still, nothing from Rebel to indicate that he was aware of what I was doing. I frowned, wondering how he could remain unaffected. Well, that was about to change. I moved the sheet away and shifted my way down to his groin. I couldn't help taking in the strong, throbbing beauty of his cock, marveling at how long and thick it was, but my interest was in the large, mushroom-shaped head, and the cum that was gathered in the slit. 
Just waiting for my mouth.
I leaned forward and swallowed Rebel's impressive cock, moaning low with pleasure. A hand immediately fell to my head, clutching a handful of hair.
"Christ, I've been waiting for you to finally put your mouth on me." His tone was early morning hoarse, and thick with arousal.
He'd been awake the whole time! I smiled around his shaft, sticking my tongue into the slit to lick up the beaded cum. "Swallow me deep, baby," he rasped, pushing his hips up. The move forced more of his cock into my mouth until he was jabbing the back of my throat. "That's it, angel. Now use those throat muscles to fuck me."
I knew what he wanted. I swallowed which closed my throat tighter around his cock and drew a low groan from Rebel. His hand tightened in my hair, making my scalp tingle. 
"Fuck, baby," he groaned, holding me in place. 
As he guided my movements up and down his shaft I worked the part of his cock that wouldn't fit into my mouth with my hand. I also took the time to cup and caress his heavy balls. His groans revealed his pleasure, and gave me encouragement. 
"Put your mouth on my balls," he commanded hoarsely.
With pleasure! I complied without hesitation, taking his balls into my mouth and gently rolling them around before letting them slip out so I could lick them with my tongue. The quivering of his thighs, his grunts, all turned me on, and I felt my pussy juicing. After giving plenty of attention to his balls and the root of his cock, I moved to take him into my mouth again.
"No!" he barked, catching me by surprise. The hand in my hair forced me to move up his body. "I want your ass this time." He stared with intensity into my eyes, searching for my reaction.
He'd mentioned fucking me in the ass before, and he'd spent a lot of time playing with it and fingering me during the night. I wasn't opposed to Rebel fucking me there. I was curious, and a little frightened, but I knew that he'd never do anything to hurt me. 
"You ready for that?" he asked. "Ready for me to bury my dick in your ass?"
"Yes!" I hissed, his words turning me on. I felt a warm flush escape my pussy. "Fuck me in the ass, Rebel."
"Michael," he encouraged. "When we're like this, I want to hear my real name on your lips."
I smiled. "Take me in the ass, Michael."
That seemed to set him off. A growl escaped him as he pulled me up to cover my lips with his. It was a rough and needy kiss, fueling the arousal that was already surging in our blood. I could sense the barely controlled passion thrumming through his large frame. I barely had time to get over his rough possession of my mouth when I was flipped onto my belly and Rebel moved behind me. His harsh breathing seemed overloud in the room. I shivered wildly when his hands went to my hips and he pulled me up until my ass was in the air.
I tensed and cried out when I felt his teeth sink into one cheek. It didn't hurt, but sent a pleasant tingle straight to my pussy. 
"You have a beautiful ass, angel." He kissed and nipped me several times as he caressed and squeezed both cheeks with his hands. "I can't wait to claim you here."
 I couldn't help but twitch in response to what he was doing to me. The slight pain that he inflicted quickly morphed into a kind of pleasure I'd never felt before. My pussy was dripping, my clit throbbing. I felt infused with heat that seemed to radiate from my core. Rebel seemed determined to take his pleasure slowly, and that was fine by me, because the anticipation added to mine. As his teeth lightly nipped around my puckered anus, the surprise of his tongue entering me undid me.
"Michael!" I cried out, jerking forward, only to have his hands yank me back into place. I closed my eyes as unimaginable bliss traveled through my electrified body.
 I began to pant heavily, my whole body quivering beneath his powerful hands. He continued to thrust his tongue into me, and then replaced it with his finger while his other hand moved to my pussy. Holy shit, this was turning into more than I could take. There were too many breathtaking sensations overtaking my senses to cope with at once. Was there such a thing as too much pleasure? I opened my mind and my body to embrace them all.
"You're soaked for me, baby," Rebel said in a satisfied voice as his finger sliced through my sensitive folds. 
He ran his finger through my slit from the back to the front, before he settled on torturing my swollen clit. I didn't realize how close I was to coming until he touched me there, rubbing his finger in a circular motion, and giving it a sharp pinch.
"I'm going to come!" I gasped with surprise.
And he let me. Burying his fingers deep inside me, he used his thumb to send me over the edge. I jerked wildly beneath him, letting my intense orgasm rush through my body in jerky, gratifying waves. Nothing equaled the pleasure of coming, that extreme surge that began somewhere deep in your core and seemed to release all the tension gripping your body, finally leaving you breathless on a gentle wave. 
I soon realized there'd been a reason for Rebel letting me come. He gathered the thick wetness inside my body and brought it to my anus, coating the area and hole with it. Then I felt two fingers slide inside me, scissoring the opening to prepare me for his cock. I was still twitching and coming down from orgasmic bliss, which kept me from panicking when I sensed that it was time. Sure enough, as I knelt before him, panting, I felt the head of his cock at the entrance.
"You sure, baby?" he asked tenderly, and in a tone that relieved me because it showed that he cared. He would stop if I said no. I trusted him.
"Yes, I'm sure, Michael." I thrust my ass back at him. "Fuck me, please!"
He released a deep breath and grunted. I felt the head of his cock slip inside my rectum with an ease that surprised me. It hurt at first, but as soon as it breached the tight ring of muscles the sting went away, followed by the need for me to clench and take more of him. 
"You let me know if I'm hurting you," Rebel demanded. I knew that he was aware that he wasn't a small man. I could hear the strain in his voice. It was costing him to not slide completely inside. I wiggled my butt and thrust back, taking the control from him. "Fuck, angel!" He shot forward, and suddenly he was buried to the hilt.
We both groaned loudly and stilled for a moment. I felt stretched to the limit, the slight burn of his penetration gradually dimming as my body adjusted to his girth. 
"You hug my dick good and tight, baby." I felt his cock throbbing inside me. "I won't move until you tell me to."
I inhaled several deep breaths, relaxing my body into acceptance of having his huge cock in my ass. It didn't take long before I demanded, "Fuck me, Michael, please!"
Rebel began moving, keeping his strokes slow and easy. Each time he was seated deep I clenched around him, causing him to dig his fingers into my hips.
"Keep that up and it will be over before it begins," he said in a mildly irritated tone. "I want to enjoy this as long as I can. And no one--" He leaned over me and put his mouth against my ear, "no one but me gets inside this ass, you got that?" 
I acknowledged with a breathless sound and a nod.
"The words, Ginger." He was serious. "No one fucks you in the ass. No one fucks you, ever. You're mine, baby."
I liked the sound of that. "No one, Michael, no one fucks me ever." I was eager to give into him. He was the only man I wanted.
"That's right, baby. You're mine until I'm done with you," he rasped, beginning to pick up speed. For a split second he became rigid, as if he knew that he'd said something wrong, but he didn't let up.
His last words were like a bucket of cold water thrown into my face. My eyes snapped open. I wondered if he had any idea of how clearly his words spelled out the probability of us not having a future together. I didn't stop him. In spite of his hurtful comment, I couldn't deny the mind-numbing pleasure that permeated my whole body and senses. 
My soul.
I realized then that I'd never be able to deny him.
I sensed that he was close. His balls slapped against me with every hard thrust. He was breathing heavily. One of the hands at my hips shifted between us to my pussy. His fingers knew what to do to make me come. Rebel wasted no time in flicking my clit as he pumped his cock into my ass. My moans mingled with his grunts, and then we were exploding against each other, peaking and crashing back to earth as waves of release demanded all control.
"Aaaggghhh!" Rebel grunted, holding me tightly in the cradle of his convulsing hips. I felt his cock jerk inside me, spilling his seed. His hot breath bathed the back of my neck where he rested slightly. "Fuck, angel," he panted, his hips still moving. "You're something, you know that?"
He almost made it sound as if he'd never felt this way before, but I knew better. I collapsed onto the bed, enjoying the orgasmic ecstasy that always followed a good orgasm. Rebel was good at giving them, I couldn't complain there. He was a generous lover. Of course, I had nothing to compare it to, but intuition told me it was so. He was certainly setting up the next man for failure.
Would there be other men?
I couldn't see it.
Unless he walked away.
Crushing me.
A soft breath escaped me when I felt his lips kiss the back of my shoulder, and then he was shifting off of me and rolling onto his back. He pulled me against him, and something about the silence that followed prompted me to glance up at him.
His gaze captured mine. "I fucked up." I remained quiet, waiting for him to continue. "I didn't mean what I said."
My brows rose. "You need to be more specific," I said, not wanting to assume anything.
He released a breath. "When I said that no one would fuck you until I was done with you, baby--I'll never be done with you. I don't know why I said it."
It took effort to remain calm. I needed to hear more before I got my hopes up. "Maybe deep down it's what you believe."
He shook his head rigorously. "No. Trust me, it's not." He began running his hands through my hair. "I want you, angel. I shouldn't. I'm not a good man. I've done things." His eyes turned stormy, and I got the impression that he was suddenly miles away, seeing something that I couldn't. Finally he said, "I've done things that could land me in prison for a long time."
"Have you hurt women or children?" He shook his head. "Have you hurt animals?" He grinned at that, but gave a negative head shake. "Have you hurt or killed anyone who didn't deserve it?" 
Again, he indicated no. "That doesn't mean I wouldn't go to prison for it." He stared deeply into my eyes. "I won't change my life, angel. It's all I know. I'm comfortable with it. I like what I do, and I make a good living at it."
I was trying to understand why he was telling me these things. "What are you saying?"
"I'm saying that if you're with me, that's what you get." His tone was firm.
"If I'm with you? As in boyfriend and girlfriend?" God, it sounded juvenile even to my ears.
Rebel laughed softly. "We won't be going steady, but yes, if that's what you want to call it," he teased. He cleared his throat, but it sounded more like a grunt. "Let me make this as clear and simple as I can, baby--I want you, only you, and I have from the very beginning. I'd like to see where this goes, between us. I have the cash to buy a house‒"
My eyes grew round. This was far more than I'd expected, and the excitement blossoming inside of me threatened to explode. "You want us to live together?"
"Yeah, I want you where I can keep my eyes on you. I want to keep you safe. I want to take care of you, baby. You can still keep your job if you want."
Ohmygod! I was shocked into silence. This was the last thing I'd expected from Rebel. And then it hit me--he really did want me, and not just for sex. He wanted to take care of me. I'd never had anyone take care of me before, other than my parents. I could only blink up at him, trying to digest what he'd been saying, trying not to break down in happy tears, but I could feel my eyes swelling and burning and I knew that it was just a matter of time.
"You okay, baby? You're quiet. You don't want the same thing?"
Was that concern in his voice? I knew it was a mistake the second I opened my mouth. "I . . . You . . . We . . . I‒" I closed my mouth and swallowed, hoping that the next time I opened my mouth a complete sentence would fall out. Rebel was watching me closely, a crooked grin on his sensual mouth. I took a breath. "Yes. I do want the same thing. I just never thought that you would. I know what a nomad does, how they live."
"I'll still be a nomad, angel. I won't change the way I live. I'll be gone on jobs a lot. One job gone badly could be the end of everything. Can you accept that?"
I could accept almost anything except one thing. "Will there be other women?"
"No." The fact that he didn't hesitate told me that I could believe him. "No other women for me. You're the only one I want."
Happy beyond belief, I climbed up onto him and gave him a long kiss. His arms automatically closed around me, crushing me against him. I could feel the lust renewing between us, but neither of us made a move to carry it any further. Our kiss was consuming, and scorching hot. Rebel wasted no time in parting my lips and attacking my tongue with his. Our naked bodies were flush. I was aware of every one of Rebel's hot, hard muscles against me, aware that his hands had moved to my butt and were squeezing the mounds vigorously. 
When we came apart I laid my head down against his shoulder. "I need to go to the hospital," I murmured after a while, thinking about Della. I hoped that she’d had a good night.
"I'll drop you off."
"You have another job already?" I frowned, lifting my head slightly to meet his eyes.
"No. I thought I'd meet with a realtor to see about that house."
Oh. The thought of playing house with Rebel made me feel warm and content inside. 
Life was about to get interesting! 





Chapter 26

Rebel

I'd told Ginger that I was going to look for a house, and I intended to, but finding Daryl and Jack was my first fucking priority. After I'd dropped her off at the hospital, I headed to the pier to see Pinkie. My gut told me that if Daryl owed the Kings drug money then he'd be hiding from them, which meant that he'd have to get his drugs through another channel. Junkies always managed to find money for their next fix. I parked my bike, glancing toward the direction of the pier. I could see Pinkie from where I was standing, peddling his cheap beach towels and t-shirts, which was nothing but a front for his real business. To make sure that he threw the cops off, he gave a t-shirt or towel to every junkie who came by to buy drugs from him to give off the appearance of being legit, and every once in a while someone came by who actually wanted the cheap crap that he sold.
My phone buzzed just as I got off my bike. I dug it out of my pocket and leaned against my bike, seeing that it was Jace. Good. I'd been waiting for his call. He was supposed to touch base with me and Moody after he returned the girl to her Politian father and got the payoff.
"Got some good news, brother?"
He laughed. "Yep! Dropped the girl off, money's in the bank. I'm on my way back now. I talked to Moody, he said your girl managed to escape on her own. Hate that I had to leave."
"Yeah, she's small but feisty, and don't worry about it, man. Bad timing. I'm here at the pier looking for the fucker who took her now."
"Why the pier?"
"He's a junkie. He screwed himself over with the Kings, but he'll need to get his fix somewhere."
"Pinkie?"
"That's what I'm thinking. Daryl's days are numbered. I’ve got half of Daytona looking for his ass."
"What about the Kings? You get any blowback from them?"
"Not yet." I'd been watching Pinkie from where I stood, and I noticed that he was packing up his shit. "Listen, looks like Pinkie spotted me and is getting ready to move. I'll talk to you later." I ended the call and began to walk toward the beach.
Pinkie's movements told me that he was in a hurry. I grinned at the nervous look on his face that even his busy, unkempt beard couldn't disguise. Every few moments his gaze shot up to me to see if I was still heading his way. Pinkie was the kind of person who looked guilty of something even when he wasn't, and when he saw something that looked like trouble heading his way, he was quick to run.
He was just about to push his cart away when I stopped him. "Hey, Pinkie, long time no see," I said in a friendly tone, putting my hand on his bony shoulder. 
He came up short and swung around, pretending surprise at seeing me. "Oh, hey there, Rebel." His eye twitched, a nervous tell. "Yeah, it's been a while, man."
"Yeah, I've been out of town the last few years. So what's your hurry?"
He shrugged. "Things are slow. I was just finishing up for the day."
I grinned, rubbing the lower half of my whiskered jaw. It was still early for him to be packing up, but I decided to let it go. We both knew why he was leaving. "You know anyone named Daryl?" Fuck, it suddenly occurred to me that I still didn't know his last name. "Tall, thin guy with shaggy brown hair, brown eyes, pale complexion?" I tried to recall anything that stood out about him, but shit, I'd only met him once. "Hangs with a guy named Jack."
Pinkie gave a nervous laugh. "Sounds like most of my friends." By “friends” he meant the clients that he sold drugs too. "You, ah, interested in a couple of beach towels?"
I knew how to play the game. I dug out some money. "You know them?" I handed him fifty bucks. He picked up a towel and held it up so I could see the huge butterfly on it. It immediately reminded me of the tattoo that Ginger had right above her cute little pussy. 
"I only know one Daryl, he used to be a client until he tried to steal some merchandise when he thought I wasn’t looking. I don’t know any Jacks. You like this one?" 
I nodded, snatching it from him. "Seen him lately?"
He shook his head, reaching for another towel. "Naw. He'd be stupid to come back around here, haven't seen him in weeks. Talk is the Kings are after him." He unfolded a towel that had kittens and puppies all over it, holding it up for my inspection. 
I nodded, taking it from him. "Yeah, there's a few of us looking for him. So who would Daryl go to if he couldn’t come to you?"
We both knew that he knew the other dealers in the area. They all knew one another. They had territories just like the MCs did. I knew some of the dealers in the area, but Pinkie would have a better idea of where Daryl would go.
He grimaced. "Check with that fucker, Keiser, down on Main Street. He hops from bar to bar to sell his shit."
I could tell from his tone that there was no love lost between the two. I knew Keiser, too, but there was so many fucking dealers around I didn't have time to pay them all a visit, but at least I had a place to start. “You see Daryl, you get in touch with Vinny at Pirate's Cove. You got me?"
"Sure. Sure. I know Vinny. He's a good man." He seemed relieved that that was all I needed from him. 
I walked away with the two beach towels hanging from my hand. There was no sense in heading down to Main Street. Keiser wasn't known to come out until after dark, just like the cockroach that he was. He was known for dealing in inferior shit, and word on the street was that more than one overdose had been credited to him. 
I stuffed the towels into my saddlebag and then brought my leg over the seat. I was about to start my bike when a familiar rumble drew my attention. I recognized Ace, one of the Sentinels, turning in my direction. I knew all the members in the club, but Ace least of all. He wasn't the friendliest. He didn't speak much, and he tended to keep to himself. What little I did know about him I'd heard from Tanner and some of the others before I'd left Daytona, back when we'd hung out on Main Street or at Tanner's bar. 
At forty-something he was the oldest of the Sentinels, built like a professional wrestler, and strong as an ox. Half of his face and body were scarred from a helicopter crash that he’d survived when he’d been deployed, which contributed to his dark, unapproachable looks. He frightened little kids, and the women feared him but still flocked to him because he was a biker. They didn't care about his scars, or that he'd returned home a hero. As far as they knew, he'd received them from doing some dangerous, bad ass biker shit. 
He pulled to a stop beside me but didn't shut down his bike. We exchanged chin lifts. "Glad I saw you," was the first thing out of his mouth. "Found out where Jack lives."
It didn't surprise me that the Sentinels had been the first ones to get a solid lead. They ran the streets at night, and they knew their town. He didn't have to say any more. I started my bike and followed him to a rundown apartment complex in a seedier part of town that resembled an old hotel. As we drove through the lot I spotted a black Camaro that stuck out amongst the older vehicles parked around it. We pulled up next to it and dismounted.
Ace said nothing as we walked toward Jack's apartment. He took the stairs two at a time to the second floor. He didn't acknowledge me until we came to a stop outside of a door with the paint peeling off of it. He paused and directed a hard, uncompromising look on me.
"You kill anyone, make it clean."
I gave him a sharp nod, and then watched as he stepped back and raised his leg to kick the door in. We stepped inside and closed and locked the door behind us. Several things registered at once. The room was empty but the TV was on, and the place reeked of weed and cigarettes. Ace and I exchanged a look, and as we both moved to search the apartment, the sound of a door opening stopped us. The noise of the TV had probably blocked the noise of Ace kicking in the door, because the man walking into the room was buck naked and running a towel over his wet head.
When he glanced up and saw two, big, leather-clad bikers standing in his living room, he panicked and turned around and ran. I caught up with him, wrapping my hands around his throat and throwing him against the nearest wall. "What are you running for?" I gritted into his face. "Are you the fuck who took my woman?" 
His eyes nearly bugged out of his face, proving his guilt. "What? No! It‒It was Daryl!" It hadn't taken much persuasion for him to throw his friend under the bus. 
This was going to be easy. "So you weren't there?" I grated, applying pressure. He remained quiet. Losing patience, I punched him in the gut and returned my hand to his throat. "Answer me, you asshole! I recognize your black Camaro." I banged his head back against the wall, not caring if I cracked his skull. The wall cracked instead.
"I‒was there!" he admitted reluctantly."But I didn't touch her! I swear! I just provided the transportation."
He was downplaying his role, but I didn't give a fuck. His face was turning red. Instead of loosening my hold I tightened it, resisting the urge to strangle the life out of him. The thought of how terrified Ginger must have been when they’d taken her registered in my mind. "That's not what she said," I lied between my teeth, looking closely for his reaction. I could hear Ace moving around in the apartment, and I knew that he was searching the place. When Jack began to sputter and lose consciousness, I loosened my hold and slammed him a couple more times against the wall to wake him up. 
"I j-just held h-her!" he admitted with a pitiful cry. 
"That means you put your hands on my woman, asshole. You touched what belongs to me. What do you think I do to fuckers who touch what's mine?" I could feel him shaking violently.
"I-I-I do-don't k-k-know! I-I did-n't huuurt her!"
I shook him, gritting into his face. "Doesn't matter." I wondered how long it would take before he started begging me not to hurt him. 
The fact that he'd put his hands on Ginger had me seeing red. I reached down to my boot and removed the knife that I kept tucked inside. I put the tip of the blade against his belly and dug the tip in just until it drew blood. He scrunched up his face and whimpered like a baby. Even now he was too much of a cowered to fight back. He was the kind who didn't initiate shit, he followed whoever he was with, attaching himself like a leech to someone else who had more guts. I fucking hated weaklings, even if it was going to make my job easier. "Tell me where Daryl is, or I'll fucking gut you now." I dug the blade in to remind him that it was there.
"Step back, brother!"
Ace's sharp, unexpected bark made me follow his command without question. I glanced down, seeing that Jack was pissing himself, the spray hitting the dull, linoleum floor and splashing onto my boots. I got up in his face. "I've had piss on my boots before," I snarled. "Unless you tell me what I want to know, your blood and guts will be on them next."
He swallowed. "He's n-n-not he-here, I sw-swear!"
"Already know that, asshole," Ace said from somewhere close by.
"That’s not what I asked you." I dug the knife in a little deeper. He cried out. "You tell me where he is, and maybe you get to live." I might let him live another day, but I would be back for him. 
"I-I think he-he's working!" he whimpered.
"Wrong answer, fucker!" I dug in deeper. "I already know he lost his job." I leaned in close, using my weight to crush him against the wall.
His eyes grew big as fucking light bulbs. "I-I think he-he got a new one! At a-a tire sh-shop." I didn't believe it, considering that Daryl was probably hiding-out after all the shit he'd done. He wouldn't be working out in the open right now.
"You expect me to believe that?" I snarled, applying more pressure. "He’s a snake hiding from people he owes money to, and he has to know that there are people looking for him for what he did to Della. So try again." I reminded him of the knife in my hand. "Last chance."
He shot off the name of a shop that I was unfamiliar with off of A1A. "It's his uncle's shop!" This meant that he was hiding out there more than he was working. I made eye contact with Ace, who'd been standing by silently. His nod confirmed that he knew where it was. 
I pinned my gaze back on Jack. He looked like a sniveling, crying, red-faced looser. No balls. Killing him wouldn't even be satisfying, but he'd been involved with Ginger's abduction, and I couldn't let that slide. I'd made up my mind to leave him alive until Daryl was out of the way, but now I was having second thoughts about it. My gut warned me that as soon as we left he'd be on the run, but the fact remained that we still might need him. 
"You better not warn him or his uncle that we're coming. Don't call anyone. Daryl shows up here before we find him, you get in touch with Vinny at Pirate's Cove. You got that?" He agreed with a nod. "Don't run. If you make me hunt you down I'll cut your dick off and stuff it down your throat." The whole time he was nodding, the relief evident on his traitorous face. "Don't make me regret leaving you alive."
He slipped down the wall onto the floor when I finally released him and stepped away. I slipped my knife back into my boot, turning toward Ace. "You coming with me?"
He nodded. "You trust him?" he asked, nodding towards Jack.
I grinned, heading toward the door. "About as far as I can throw him." We left the apartment and headed down the stairs. "I only left him alive in case we still need him later." After we mounted our bikes I dug out my phone. "I want to text my girl before we head out." Ace's response was to pull out a cigarette and light it.
Hows it goin baby?
I gave her a couple of minutes, and then her response came through. 
Ok. Della seems to be in a lot of pain today. I'm glad they’re keeping her sedated. Where r u? 
Taking care of some things before I go to the realtors. 
I could almost see her smile in response.
What kind of things?
Got a lead on Daryl. What kind of car does he drive?
A full minute went by before she responded. 
A faded Chevy s10, blue, with gray primer on the passenger side door. Plz b careful.
Fuck, my woman cared about me. 
U know it angel. Got backup. Dont worry. 
I'd told her about the backup for her own relief, because I sure as hell didn't need backup for a coward like Daryl.
Stevies here. We're going to grab lunch.
 I was glad she wasn't alone. Skipper, another Sentinel, had relieved Gabe from protection duty that morning, but he wasn't there to keep Ginger company, he was there to keep her safe, which meant he needed to be aware of everything going on around her. His orders were to stay with Della at all times.
Where? I dont want u leaving the hospital alone. 
Then I guess its good we decided to eat in the cafeteria here.
Ok, have fun. I just wanted to check in on u.
You're so sweet.
U think so? 
I wasn't sure that I liked her description of me. 
Dont let anyone hear u say that. I have a bad ass reputation baby.
Ur definitely bad ass. It turns me on.
This was getting interesting. 
Yeah? What about it turns u on?
Everything! Ur scruffy beard, ur steely eyes and the way they make me shiver when u run them over me, ur raspy voice. 
She stopped, and then continued. 
Ur domineering ways. The way ur muscles flex, even when ur just raising a glass or bottle to ur lips. I like ur washboard abs, ur thick, powerful thighs and the confidence u exude when u move. I especially like the girth of ur big, thick cock when ur pounding into me. Its bad ass on its own.
Holy hell, I was hard as a rock by the time she was through. 
Fuck angel, u sure know how to turn this bad ass on. If I was there Id have u on ur back in no time. Hell ur going to pay for this first chance I get.
What did I do? Im innocent!
I laughed gruffly, drawing Ace's interest. 
Ur a tease. We'll see just how innocent u r next time I get my hands on u. 
I could almost hear her laughing.
What makes u think Im not looking forward to that?
Fuck! She knew exactly what to say. Ace tossed his smoke away and gave me a look with raised brows. I knew he wanted to be off.
Baby u hold that thought till I get there. Ive got to go.
Ok. Just plz b careful.
I will.
 I slipped my phone back into my pocket, and addressed Ace. "Ready?"
"Yep."
We started our bikes and roared out of the complex onto the main drag. I let him lead the way. Ginger's concern warmed me. I'd never had anyone worry about me before. She was a special woman, and I was a lucky bastard.
I didn't deserve her.
But I was going to keep her.




Chapter 27

Ginger

"That was Rebel," I explained to Stevie with a small smile, slipping my phone back into my purse. I was sitting in the chair next to the bed, and she was on the small, box-like sofa that sat against the window. "He just wanted to check in."
Her smiled told me that she’d seen more than I’d wanted her to. "I figured as much. I don't know him as well as Vinny does, but from what he's told me, I know he's a good man." She laughed softly. "You know Vinny, he says it how it is."
I nodded in agreement, wondering if Rebel had told Vinny about our history together, and if Vinny had then told Stevie. I really hoped that he hadn’t. It was a time in my life that I would have rather forgotten. Rebel didn't strike me as the kind of man who would share something so horrid and personal with someone else. What had happened between us was the kind of thing that you might share with a special friend, like I had done with Della, but not an acquaintance. Talking to her about what happened to me with the Red Devils had been necessary and cathartic. 
"I'm seeing a whole new side of Vinny lately," I joked. If anyone could, Stevie would understand what I meant. I had only worked for him a little over a year, whereas she'd been with him for eight years. "He's a good man, too."
"Not going to argue with you there," she agreed. "I just wish he'd stop letting his past get in the way and put a ring on it."
That was an interesting remark. "What sort of things from his past are getting in the way?" I'd heard that he had an unsavory past before he’d bought the bar. I knew that he'd been in prison for almost killing the man who'd raped Stevie. In my book, that had been justified, though. The man who'd raped Stevie had turned out to be a serial rapist, his youngest victim had only been ten. Vinny was a hero in my eyes. 
Stevie shrugged, still smiling. "He thinks he's not good enough."
I rolled my eyes. "But he’s good enough for you to sleep with, right? What is it with these men who think like that? We've all done things that we're not proud of, we all have pasts, but we also deserve to be happy and to have a good life. Even if it does mean that we love an asshole."
She burst into laughter, and soon I joined in. Rebel could be an asshole when he wanted to be, and he felt the same way about himself as Vinny did. He wasn't exactly a law abiding citizen, and he was bossy and rough around the edges, but I wanted him anyway. I wanted to move in with him. I wanted his baby.
I wanted his baby? 
Suddenly, the image of a little dark-haired boy with blue eyes entered my thoughts, a mini Rebel running through the house at a hundred miles an hour, leaving behind an echo of giggles and a big mess. Wow. That was the first time that I'd ever allowed myself the thought of actually having a family. I wanted that with Rebel. I wanted it all. And why couldn't we have it?  
A small sound coming from Della quickly sobered us, and we glanced at her to see that she was grimacing, obviously in the throes of a bad dream. I suddenly felt guilty for laughing and thinking about my future while she was lying in a hospital bed, beat to hell. I reached for her hand and took it in mine, hoping the small, comforting touch would calm her. I squeezed her hand gently, and after a minute she stopped fidgeting.
I relaxed back in my chair, keeping hold of her hand. "Rebel said he had a lead on Daryl," I spoke softly, glancing to where Stevie was sitting. "I think he's on his way there now."
Understanding shone in her green, thickly lashed eyes. Before she could say anything there was a light tap on the partially closed door. 
"Yes?"
The door opened and a man walked in. There was a welcoming smile on his clean-shaven face, but it didn't quite meet the brown of his eyes. He was dressed in a neat suit, his brown hair slicked back with product. Seeing Skipper behind him and the wink that he gave me helped alleviate the sudden nervousness I felt at their unexpected arrival. He was hovering protectively, and I knew he wouldn't let anything happen to us.
"Hi." The stranger held his hand out toward me. "Detective Benson, I'm investigating Miss Murray's attack." His gaze shifted to Della briefly before returning to me.
"Ginger Pruitt," I smiled back, shaking his hand.
He glanced expectantly at Stevie. 
"Stevie Nicks," she said. "Not the singer, obviously." They shared a laugh.
He glanced again at Della. "How is she doing?" 
I heard the sincerity in his tone, understanding that at the same time it was a formality. He could hardly jump right in with his questions without at least inquiring about the victim first. It would have made him seem like an insensitive bastard. "She's still in a lot of pain, they're keeping her sedated." 
He nodded, turning to me. "And what is everyone’s relationship to Miss Murray?" He included Stevie and Skipper with a look.
"Della works at Pirate's Cove with me," Stevie was quick to reply. "We're just work friends, we don't associate much outside of work." I almost smirked at how quickly she had replied, leaving little reason for the detective to question her further.
The detective rested his gaze on Skipper. It was obvious from the way that he dressed that he was a biker, and his cut revealed that he was in the Sentinels. Skipper finally shrugged and said, "I'm Ginger's friend, just here to offer support." His lips quirked as if he found this funny. 
It was obvious from the detective's expression that he didn't believe Skipper, but he didn't press him. He turned to me expectantly. 
"Della and I are best friends. We work together and live right across the hall from each other."
He raised a brow and took out a pen and small pad. "The officers who brought Miss Murray in weren't able to get anything out of her, other than that she didn't know her attacker. She was too out of it, and then they had to rush her into surgery. Has she said anything to you that might help us?"
"She sleeps most of the time," I answered truthfully.
"So do you have any idea who did this to her?"
"Yes," I responded. Skipper crossed his arms, the movement drawing my attention to him and the warning look in his narrowed eyes. He didn't need to worry, I had no intention of giving up Daryl to the police. "A fucking coward." Skipper's mouth turned up into a grin, while Detective Benson's turned down in disappointment. It was obviously not the answer he'd been expecting. 
"The responding police said the call came in from a Michael Woods, do you happen to know him?"
Yes, intimately. "Yes. He's a‒" A what? A nomad? My lover? My partner? "Friend," I finally settled on. I could tell by the speculative gleam in the detective's eyes that he suspected that we were more.
"Mr. Woods called it in. Any reason to think that he might be the attacker and Miss Murray is protecting him?"
That made me angry and I snapped, "No!" before I could stop myself. I immediately calmed down, realizing that sounding defensive would only make him more suspicious. "They barely know one another."
Nodding, he made some notes in his little pad. "I understand that the attack occurred in your apartment, but you weren't there?”
"No." I hated lying, God, I hated it, but it was necessary if Rebel was going to find Daryl and make him pay for what he'd done without bringing suspicion to himself. Sure, he was connected to Della's attack simply by being there and phoning it in, but the police didn't know that Daryl was her attacker. I shot a nervous glance at Stevie and Skipper. Skipper gave me a wink. 
"How did she get in?"
"We both have a key to each other's apartments, but I sometimes forget to lock my door when I leave. Della probably thought I'd be there to help her." That was the truth, and came out naturally. 
"Forgetting to lock your door can be dangerous," Detective Benson advised. "Especially in that neighborhood. I'm glad you weren't home, or you might have ended up like Miss Murray."
A chill came over me when I realized how I may have ended up, had Daryl had his way. I just smiled when he glanced up from his pad, hoping that he'd finish up soon and leave. Della moaned, drawing our attention, but she didn't move, and after a moment he said, "Well, if you can think of anything else, please call me." He handed me his business card. "I'll come back in a couple of days, hopefully by then Miss Murray will be more alert and will be able to talk." 
"I will. Please keep us informed of the investigation." 
He made eye contact with everyone in the room. "Nice meeting you. I'll be in touch."
He left the door slightly ajar, the way that he'd found it. Skipper got to his feet to follow him.
"I thought he'd never leave."
Della! Her eyes were open, and there was the beginning of a smile on her swollen face. I got up and gave her a kiss on the cheek. "How are you feeling, honey?" Stevie moved up next to the bed, too.
"A little better than yesterday." 
"It's gonna take time, honey," Stevie said, leaning over to kiss her on the other cheek. "But each day will get better."
Della nodded. "I know. Have they said when I can go home?"
"Don't rush it," I said, wanting to laugh in spite of it. 
She just nodded. "Daryl?" 
The fear in her eyes broke my heart. Stevie was on the other side of the bed, and we exchanged a quick look. I squeezed Della's hand to reassure her. "You don't have to worry about him, honey. Rebel and Vinny and a whole bunch of other people are looking for him. And one of Rebel's friends from the Sentinels is always here keeping watch, so you're never alone."
I could tell from the way that her expression relaxed that this eased her worries. She gave a soft sigh of relief. "I hate him."
"We all feel that way," Stevie agreed. "Are you comfortable? Can we get you anything?"
"Just a little pain, but I'm good."
A little pain. I knew that she was downplaying her situation. Even I could see that the slightest move hurt her. 
Skipper came back into the room and walked directly to the bed next to Stevie. "Well, hey there, darlin', you're awake." His full-faced smile transformed him from the stern, unfriendly-looking biker into a handsome, caring man. It also took away from the scariness of his large, threatening frame. I gave him kudos for going out of his way to set Della's mind at ease.
"Della, this is Skipper, one of the Sentinels I was telling you about."
"I know," she murmured, surprising me. "We met earlier this morning." She didn't take her gaze off him as she spoke.
Oh. That didn't surprise me, but the electric current that I felt running between Della and Skipper did. I wondered if Stevie was feeling the same vibes that I was. I stared at Skipper as he stared down at Della, searching for a sign that would convince me that this was just his normal way of dealing with the sick and wounded, and not that he was interested in Della, which was impossible, because they'd only met that morning.
Then I thought about Rebel and how quickly we'd felt connected from the beginning. I knew it was possible, that Rebel and I weren't exclusive in that regard, but I wasn't sure that I liked it. Skipper seemed like a nice enough man, but Della was going to need time to heal. There wouldn't be time for another man in her life until much later. Maybe I was reading too much into the way that he was looking down at her, but then, looking at Della, I realized that she was staring up at him in the same way.
"The nurse attacked her with a needle and I had to rescue her," Skipper joked.
The glance Stevie suddenly gave me revealed that she'd noticed that there was something going on between the two of them also. She gave a little shrug, and then the silence was interrupted by a loud grumble. Embarrassed when all eyes shot my way, I covered my belly, as if to drown out any more sounds.
"Someone is hungry," Stevie laughed.
I held my hand up. "Guilty."
"Go eat something." I wasn't expecting Della to dismiss me so quickly.
"You just woke up!" I laughed. 
"I promise you this won't be the only time I'm awake," she joked, and it was like a balm to my heart to hear how normal she sounded all of a sudden.
"Well, okay, then. I know when I'm not wanted."
"Ready to go to lunch? My treat," Stevie offered, walking back to the sofa to retrieve her purse.
I definitely was. 





Chapter 28

Rebel

Son of a bitch!
Daryl wasn't at his uncle's garage, and there was no uncle there, either. The only worker in the tiny, run-down garage was a bony old coot who was missing half of his teeth, wearing faded, greasy overalls and a t-shirt that might have been white at one time. Ace and I found him bent over the engine of an old station wagon, a long, thin braid running down his back, and a cigarette hanging out of the corner of his mouth. He must have been half-deaf, because he didn't acknowledge the sound of our bikes or realize that we were approaching until we were upon him. Ace flanked one side, while I flanked the other. I put my hand on the old man's shoulder to get his attention.
"Hey, old man."
He jumped back with a grunt, losing the cigarette. "What the fuck?! You trying to give an old man a heart attack?" he snarled, bending to pick up his still burning smoke. "What do you want?" 
The first thing I noticed was the shiner he was sporting. His tone wasn't too friendly either, and I had a feeling that we weren't going to get much out of him.
"Some information," Ace answered. 
The old man jumped, swinging around. "Christ. How many of you are there?"
"Just the two of us. We're friends, looking for Daryl." An immediate frown creased his brow. "You seen him?" 
I didn't expect to get an honest answer out of him, but he surprised me by admitting, "Yeah, earlier. He ain't here now."
"You the only one working?"
He looked back at Ace. "Yeah. So? I been working at this garage since it opened forty years ago. I know what I'm doing."
I grinned. "Calm down, old man, we don't mean any disrespect." I gauged his age to be around seventy. "Do you know where Daryl went? We were supposed to meet him."
He narrowed his grey eyes and stared at me long and hard. He was making up his mind as to whether or not we could be trusted. If he'd worked that long for Daryl's uncle, he owed loyalty to the family at the very least. 
"Nope. Left here ‘bout an hour ago, right before the other two bikers showed up." 
That interested me. I doubted that it was anyone from the Sentinels since Ace was with me. I took a chance. "The Kings?"
"Yeah, that was them," he confirmed. "Two ugly motherfuckers." He paused. "Out for trouble, just like you two." He puffed on his cigarette until it was down to the filter. I had to give the old man credit, he wasn't afraid to say what he felt. "I gave them the same thing I'm giving you--nothin'."
Well, that explained his black eye. The Kings obviously hadn't taken his age into consideration when they'd questioned him. I wondered how Daryl had known that they were coming, unless his absence was pure coincidence. 
"You two gonna blacken my other eye?" There was a challenge in his cigarette-roughened voice. 
Ace snorted and turned toward our bikes, clearly making the call that we weren't going to get anything useful from the old man. I decided to give it one last shot. "Have any idea when Daryl will be back?"
"Nope." He dropped his butt and ground it beneath his shoes. Buying time, I thought. "If you and Daryl are such good friends, why don't you call him?"
I grinned, deciding that Ace was right. "I just might do that," I replied, turning away. 
Ace was sitting on his bike, smoking a cigarette. "What now? Back to Jack’s?"
I nodded. "Yeah. The fucker gave us the uncle. I'd let him piss on my boots again for another lead." We both grinned. "And I doubt Daryl will be back here, now that he knows the Kings have found him." I ran my hands through my hair, releasing a frustrated breath. "Fuck, man, I just want to find the asshole and end him."
"I know where you're coming from," Ace said, but he didn't elaborate. He tossed his cigarette, and we started our bikes and tore out of the gravel drive back onto A1A. 
It took us twenty minutes to get back to where Jack lived. As we drove toward the back of the complex where his apartment was located, I noticed that his Camaro wasn't where it had been when we'd come earlier. Shit! Ace pulled up next to me and we exchanged a look. 
"You think he ran?"
I searched the area around us, until my eyes lit on what I'd been looking for. A faded Chevy s10, blue, with gray primer on the passenger side door, Ginger had said. "Son of a bitch!" I swore, looking back at Ace. "He's with Daryl." I nodded in the direction of the truck. "That's his vehicle."
"Fuck, now he knows we're looking for him, too."
"Apparently Jack didn't take my threats seriously." I curled my fists angrily. I'd already pegged Jack as a weak pussy. It probably hadn't taken much for Daryl to convince him to do what he'd wanted.
"Maybe you've lost your touch, brother." I shot Ace the bird. He snorted. "We staying here or we going to go looking for them?"
"We go looking." 
Suddenly he reached for his phone. Ace didn't say much, but I watched his reaction. It looked hopeful. "There's been an accident. Looks like we're going to Tomoka Farms Rd."


****

Ginger

"That was good." 
Stevie nodded in agreement. "Not bad for hospital food."
We'd both had the cob salad and iced tea. I scooted my chair back and stood up. "I think I'll get a sandwich for Skipper, but first I need to use the ladies’ room. I'll be right back."
It was just after one, and the cafeteria was full of hospital staff and visitors. I even saw a patient or two come in, but most of them got something and left right away. I guessed that they didn't want to get caught sneaking out of their rooms for better food, or perhaps food that they weren't supposed to have. There were several food stations, each offering something different. The line in front of the pasta station revealed that it was the most popular item, the sushi bar not so much. To save time, Stevie and I had grabbed pre-made salads. As I walked toward the restroom, my gaze caught on the pudding selections where the pre-packaged food was. I hadn't had pudding in years, and I thought that maybe I would pick one up on my way back.
Seeing the sign for the ladies’ room, I headed in that direction. I was just about to push the door in when the men's room door opened and a man walked out. Our gazes met, and I returned his friendly smile, noticing the tattoo peeking out from his collar. He was tall, thin, and bald, wearing blue scrubs that identified him as hospital staff. Our interaction was so fleeting that it barely registered, but as I stepped inside the ladies’ room I realized that there had been something vaguely familiar about him. I racked my brain as I took care of business, trying to figure out what it was about him before I ultimately chalked  it up to someone I'd run into at some time or another in the hallway, or even the elevator.
I washed my hands and opened the door, coming to an abrupt halt, surprised that the man was still there, pacing back and forth and looking slightly agitated. He stopped when he noticed me standing there.
"Are you Ginger?" he rushed out in a tone that revealed that something was very wrong.
"Yes," I nodded, concern knitting my brow.
"Come with me!" Before I knew what was happening, he had grabbed me by the arm and was leading me away. "I didn't just want to go into the restroom and assume you were alone," he went on in a slightly panicked voice. "I was on my way back to my table when a woman rushed over to me to say that there's been an accident."
My heart rate picked up. "An accident?" Oh my God, had Della fallen out of the bed or something? I began to pick up my pace in order to keep up with him. 
He was nodding as we walked. "Yes!  She said you were having lunch together and that you'd gone to the restroom. She begged me to get you and bring you along."
We were suddenly rushing toward the exit door, leaving behind a wake of slightly surprised observers. "Wait a minute, why are we leaving the hospital?" Something wasn't right. I was suddenly panicking myself. Was this not about Della?
"She said she'd bring the car up to the curb," he explained, not slowing down.
Right before we got close enough to set off the automatic door opener I pulled back from the hand that was grasping my arm and stopped, forcing him to do the same. "Who had an accident?" I demanded to know, meeting the slight wildness in his eyes. 
He shook his head. "I don't know, I think she said someone named Rebel? He crashed his bike." He was questioning his memory. "Come on, she'll be here any second!"
Rebel! No! Suddenly I was rushing in front of the man to get to the curb. My heart was pounding, and a sick feeling began to curl the contents of my lunch. The image of Rebel, lying on the road next to his mangled bike, bleeding and broken, or worse, overwhelmed me. My eyes stung with tears, but I held them back. I reached the curb, but there was no car, and no sign of Stevie. The only vehicle at the curb was a rusty, old white van. I didn't think anything of it, deciding that Stevie just hadn't driven around yet.
Then I felt the man's hand grasp my arm again, this time in a painful squeeze. At the same time he brought his body up against mine and grated into my ear, "Remember me? Rocky?" He was forcing me toward the van as he spoke. I was too shocked to do anything, my mind trying to work out what was happening. "No, you wouldn't," he continued to grate, giving my ear a painful nip. I cried out, and he gave an evil laugh. "I didn't get to have a taste of you back then. No, only that fucking traitor Rebel got between your legs."
Ohmygod! I knew that he was referring to the time that I'd been a captive with the Red Devils, but I'd thought they were all dead! 
"Back then I was the Sergeant at Arms. Everyone thought I was dead, but we weren't all there the day of the shootout." Another evil laugh. "Three of us weren't there that day, and we've been waiting four years for revenge."
Oh, God!
The side door of the van slid open, revealing another man in biker clothes. I glanced back at the hospital, to the windows where I knew the cafeteria was located. Stevie and I had had a table by the window. I could see her still sitting there, waiting for me to return. I dug my heels in, trying to stop the man's progress, but he only applied more pressure around my arm, using his body to force me where he wanted me to go. 
And then Stevie glanced over, and I knew that no matter what happened after that, at least she was aware of what was happening to me. I watched the fear spread across her face as she realized what she was seeing. That's all I had time to notice before I was suddenly thrown forward.
"No!" I cried out. The biker inside the van reached for me and yanked me inside roughly. I swung around to scramble out, but it was useless, the door slid closed, stopping me. Then the man who'd grabbed me outside of the restroom jumped into the passenger side and slammed the door closed. 
He looked back at me with a sneer. "Gonna be fucking sweet watching Rebel's face when we pull a train on you, right before we put a bullet in his head."
I felt sick inside. The van squealed away from the curb with a jerk that sent me crashing against the side. Laughter echoed around me, and I remained where I'd fallen, pulling my knees up and wrapping my arms around them. It wouldn't do me any good to try to fight them, and I refused to show them how terrified I was. It dawned on me that Rebel's accident had been a ruse to get me outside, but I didn’t know if they already had him somewhere. 
At least Stevie had seen me being taken away.
I was at least thankful for that. 





Chapter 29

Rebel

"Holy shit!" We had just come upon the accident scene. It was a hard, cold fact that if you went head-on with a tractor trailer, the tractor trailer would win every time. I wasn't sure why or how it had happened, but the mangled, twisted, smoking metal that had once been a Camaro was all I needed to see to know that anyone inside that vehicle had been killed on impact, and by the looks of it, the occupants in the car hadn't been wearing seat belts. One of them had smashed through the windshield and been decapitated. 
"Jesus," Ace commented low, shaking his head. 
He'd been the one to get the call about the accident from one of his brothers. Several of them were here with us, along with a small crowd of lookie loos who'd either gotten out of their vehicles because the road was now blocked and they couldn't get through, or they'd come from one of the nearby houses. 
"These the guys you looking for?" one of the Sentinel's asked.
"Hard to tell without a head." I wasn't trying to be funny, it was the truth. There was more than one black Camaro on the roads. I got off my bike and moved closer to the scene. Cops and firemen were everywhere. Someone had already covered up the head. I ran my hand over my lower jaw, trying to see the other body inside the car. 
"I heard the trucker tell someone that right before the collision the driver of the Camaro swerved directly in front of him. Said he looked like he was slumped over the wheel." 
The speaker was an elderly man, and it looked as if he'd been walking his dog when the accident had occurred, an overweight Lab sitting quietly at his feet. He was talking to another guy.
"He say anything else?"
Thank fuck for nosey old men.
The man with the Lab shook his head. "Nope, said the road was quiet except for some bikers who passed him a few minutes before the accident."
The second man snorted. "Good thing they weren't involved, there wouldn't have been anything left to bury."
"It's a shame they weren't," Lab man said, surprising me. "Those boys cause nothing but trouble when they come around."
I was done listening, coming to my own conclusion as to what had happened. I just needed proof that I was on the right track. I glanced back at the Camaro and the driver inside. He was slumped forward, so fucking bloody that it was hard to get a good look at his features. If my hunch was right, he would have a bullet hole somewhere in his head. Shit, I couldn't tell.
"Tell me it's the assholes we've been looking for," Ace said hopefully, joining me. 
I glanced up at the sound of bikers pulling away from the scene, watching as his brothers rode off. "If what I just heard those two old coots saying is true, I'm ninety-nine percent sure it's them." The coroner opened the driver's side door and appeared to check to make sure that the driver was dead before stepping back so the body could be removed from the car. 
"You can't tell if that's Daryl?" 
I snorted. "Could you? Can you tell if the other one is Jack?"
He grinned.
"Wait a minute!" I heard the coroner order sharply.
We turned our attention back to them. By now the driver's body had been loaded onto a gurney and they were just about to cover him up when they were stopped. The coroner leaned over the dead man, examining him closely, and then I had the proof that I'd tried to find myself.
"Smith!" he called out, looking at one of the cops. "You need to see this!" The cop rushed over and the coroner pointed at something directly at the right temple.
Right away I knew what he was pointing at. I looked at Ace, who'd been observing quietly. "The trucker was heard saying some bikers passed him right before the accident,” I told Ace. “He also noticed that the driver of the Camaro was slumped over his steering wheel before they collided."
"You think one of the bikers shot Daryl on the way by?"
I nodded. "We know the Kings were looking for him."
"They shot him, the truck did the rest."
"Yep."
"I have an idea," Ace said, walking away from me. 
I watched him walk up to the cop and coroner, interrupting their conversation. He did all the talking, and after about two minutes the cop called for another officer to come over, telling him to bring the evidence bag. He pulled out a wallet, opened it up, and said something to Ace. Ace dipped his head, as if he was saying thanks, and then he was walking back to me.
"It's Daryl," he confirmed when he reached me.
Fuck! I should have been glad that it was over, but I'd wanted to be the one to end him. I'd wanted to gut him and watch the life drain out of him. "What did you say?" 
"That my cousin drove a black Camaro. I'd heard about the accident and just wanted to make sure that it wasn't him."
I was sure that the cop’s recognition that Ace was with the Sentinels had helped, too.  I took a deep breath and released it. "They got what they deserved."
"Yep." 
We began to walk back to our bikes. "Thanks for your help today, brother."
"Anytime," Ace responded, mounting his Harley, which was huge and solid black but for the Sentinels logo on the tank. "I'll let Tanner know."
We headed out together, but at some point we parted, going our separate ways. I headed toward the hospital, anxious to see Ginger and tell her that it was over.
I never made it to the hospital.

****

Ginger

"We gonna take her to the Kings clubhouse?" The man who asked was around my age, and the only one of the three men who hadn't shaved his head. His hair was buzzed close to his scalp, leaving just enough to show that it was red.
"Naw, too many people around their piss-poor excuse of a clubhouse. I don't want any chance of there being a witness to the screams," Rocky grinned sickly, giving me a long look. "Or any shootings. Remember the abandoned house on Tomoka Lake? It’s the perfect place for what I have in mind." 
"How we gonna lure Rebel there?"
Rocky wasn't the only one who laughed at that question. "No luring, asshole. Once he knows we have his woman he'll come. Give Wicked a heads up and tell him to meet us there. He wants in on this, too. Then take off her fucking boots in case she gets any ideas about escaping."
The redhead made the call. As he waited for someone to pick up on the other end, he glanced over at me and gave me a wink. I quickly looked away, trying to hold it together. All I could hold on to was the thought that Stevie had seen them take me, and that someone knew. She'd got a look at the van, maybe she'd been savvy enough to get the license plate number. 
More importantly to me was that what was happening now had nothing to do with Della. She was safe from this.
How had my life become such a mess?
I couldn't help feeling relieved that they didn't already have Rebel tied up somewhere.
"Yeah, hey, man, we have her and are headin' to the house on Tomoka Lake now." The redheaded man paused while the person on the other end of the line spoke. Then he began to laugh. "From what Deezer said, Daryl didn't know what hit him."
Daryl? It sounded as if they'd done something to him.
"Yep. Payback is a mother, brother," he laughed. Rocky and the driver laughed as well. 
"Tell him to bring some beer and shit. We'll have a real party."
"Hey, Rocky said to‒" He stopped abruptly. "He heard you," he said to Rocky after a second. "Ok, man, see you there." He pinned his gaze on me once the call was over."Get that pussy ready, baby! It's gonna get a workout tonight." He grabbed the front of his pants. Then, as if just remembering, he came over and roughly tugged off my boots, laughing.
If they thought my bare feet was going to prevent me from trying to run when the chance presented itself they were in for a surprise. Once he was done I turned away and focused my eyes on a bolt on the floor, watching it roll around from the movement of the van. I was frozen with fear inside, but determined not to let them see it. Some people got off on the fear of others, and as Red Devils, I knew what they were capable of. They'd been a cruel, sadistic bunch, and they'd mistreated their women. I tightened my arms around my knees. I had to come up with an escape plan, but all I could think about was whether or not Rebel and I would survive the night. 
I didn't see how we could. 
It would be all of them against the two of us.
We turned off the main road onto a dirt road. I couldn't see it, but judging from the shaking of the van, the road was definitely not paved. Looking toward the front of the window, I was able to see that we were in the woods, and the road was so narrow that branches scraped along the sides. Pot holes kept the vehicle bouncing from side to side, and one particular hole brought us to a jarring stop.
"Fuck!" the driver swore as he looked over at Rocky. "We're stuck."
"Really, asshole?" Rocky smirked. He opened his door, shooting a glance back at the redhead. "Come on, Todd, let's push this bitch out."
Left alone with just the driver, I felt a momentary excitement. The other two men would be busy at the back of the van. Maybe I could slide the door open, jump out, and run fast enough to get away. Could I outrun them? We were in the woods. All I'd have to do was get far enough ahead of them to find a tree and hide. But there were three of them, and no doubt they'd all be on my tail once I made my move. 
"Go!" someone yelled from outside.
The driver floored the pedal and revved the engine, but other than the van filling up with gas fumes, nothing happened. He cursed, "Fucking push harder!" The driver continued revving the engine. The van struggled, but remained firmly in the hole, rocking back and forth. "Harder!" he yelled louder, as if that would make a difference.
"You get your fat ass out here and fucking push!" Rocky hollered in an angry tone. "Todd will drive!"
I swallowed. Todd replacing the heavier, older driver might work in my favor. Todd was more like a boy, and he was gangly. He had no muscle that I could see. I feigned disinterest as the door opened and the two men made the switch. Todd barely gave me a look when he settled himself into the driver's seat, totally focused on the task at hand. I searched around the van for something that I could use as a weapon. Relief flooded me when I spied a lug wrench lying on the floor next to the spare tire. Smiling to myself, I relaxed and waited breathlessly for the right time. 
"Go!" Todd yelled out the window.
While he was focused on getting the van out of the ditch, I scooted over and snatched up the lug wrench, and then quickly sat back down in my spot. He never looked behind him.
"Almost there!" Rocky yelled. "One more push should do it!"
I knew I had to move. I jumped up and hit Todd on the back of the head. Not too hard, I didn't want to kill him, but hard enough for him to grunt and fall forward. In the next heartbeat I jumped to the sliding door.
"Floor it, asshole!" My hand was on the handle to slide the side door open.
"What the fuck are you doing?" I could tell that Rocky was getting closer to the driver's door from the tone of his pissed-off voice.
I slide the door open and jumped to the ground, knowing that as soon as Rocky saw Todd slumped over the steering wheel he would look in the back and find me gone. I hit the ground running, straight into the trees, and didn't look back. I debated on tossing the lug wrench, but decided that I may need it.
"She's fucking gone!" I heard Rocky scream, just as I disappeared into the woods. "Goddamnit!" he swore again. "Find her, Carl!"
They sounded closer than they actually were. I ran blindly through the woods, hearing the heavy sound of my breathing and realizing that I was making enough noise to wake the dead. I couldn't help it. I would be dead at the end of the night if I didn't get away. I ran and ran, as if the ground was soft grass and not the stones and branches that carpeted it, cutting into my feet. I ran until the blood had rushed to my ears, turning them hot, until I was covered in scratches, and my clothes were torn. 
Eventually I stopped feeling it. My feet were bruised and bleeding, but the more distance I put between me and them, the less it mattered. I was going to win or die trying. I could hear them crashing behind me from different directions and realized that they'd split up. They called out to one another, too stupid to realize that it gave their location away and enabled me to change directions. I had no idea where I was going, where I'd end up, but none of that mattered. I could find my way home later, after I'd lost them.
Oh, God, I kept on running, but ultimately I had to stop to catch my breath. I doubled over and clutched my legs above my knees, the lug wrench still in my hand, panting and sucking in air. I was so close to throwing up, so close to keeling over. I knew that I had to keep going, but I couldn't do that with empty lungs or the sharp stitch in my side. And then I heard it, the snapping of a twig. It was too loud to be an animal, and I froze, holding what little breath I had left. I did the only thing I could think of and dropped to the ground, lying as flat as I could among the tall grass.
I slapped my hand over my mouth to muffle the sound of my heavy breathing. Please, God, I prayed, my heart racing so fast that I was sure they would be able to hear it. I heard another twig break and closed my eyes tightly, feeling the sweat dripping down my face.
"I don't fucking hear her anymore!" the man named Carl panted.
"She has to be here somewhere! We have to find her!"
"She kill Todd? I'm gonna fucking kill her if she killed my boy!"
"I think he was just knocked out," Rocky responded. He was out of breath, too. "It’s his own damn fault, I told him to make sure there was nothing in the back of the van that she could turn on us." I heard him hock up a goober and spit it out. "You might as well come out, little pussy!" he shouted. "We'll find you sooner or later, and we ain't gonna be nice!"
I remained still and quiet, praying that they didn't discover where I was hiding. I could hear them moving around. 
"She must have made it further than we thought," I heard Carl say. "She's gotta' be beyond those trees. What are we gonna do if we don't find her before dark?" 
"We'll find her," Rocky said confidently. "I've waited four years for revenge. I'm gonna fuck the life out of her, right in front of Rebel, and then I'm going to put a bullet in his head. He'll pay for selling us out and getting everyone killed."
I could hear the grass moving with their foot falls. The need to get up and start running again was so strong that my muscles quivered, but I remained where I was, trying to wiggle myself deeper into the ground.
"What makes you so sure we're gonna find the bitch?" Carl asked exasperatedly. “She could be anywhere now. We need to keep moving."
"No. She's around here somewhere." And then I heard him laugh softly.
Carl grumbled, "What's so fuckin' funny?"
It was over. I knew what I was going to see when I opened my eyes, and I dared to glance up. Rocky was standing above me, his ugly expression full of smug triumph. He gave me a wink. I let the tears come.
"Hi there, pretty pussy." He reached down, clutching my hair brutally as he yanked me to my feet.
I brought the lug wrench up and swung it around to clobber him, but he anticipated my move and caught my wrist in mid-air. "Oh, no you don't!" He twisted my wrist mercilessly until I cried out and dropped it. "I'm not a weak boy like Todd." 
Before I could brace myself, he backhanded me hard. My head snapped to the side, and when I turned back to face him tears of rage burned in my eyes. I tasted blood where my teeth had cut into my lip. I wanted to spit in his laughing face. "You're a fucking coward, just like all the Red Devils were," I hissed.
He laughed harder, twisting his hand in my hair until I winced in pain. "In case you haven’t guessed, we're with the Kings now." He jerked me against him. "I can hardly wait to fuck you."
"You look like a little boy playing hospital dress up." 
He snarled. "This shit was necessary so I could get close to you before you recognized me."
"You're not worth remembering," I hissed back. 
"I'm so gonna enjoy making you bleed, bitch." He grinned like the sicko that he was. He lowered his face as if to kiss me, and I quickly turned away. He yanked my hair harder and then pushed me in front of him. "Now move!"
I put one bloody foot in front of the other, knowing that I had failed at my one and only chance of escape. 





Chapter 30

Rebel


Vinny. 
Five of his friends.
Tanner.
Six of the Sentinels, including Ace.
Moody.
They were all riding with me. 
Into hell. 
Without question. 
Without fear. 
We were all working towards the same goal--to save my woman and put an end to Wicked and his bunch, once and for all. We'd be doing everyone a favor, getting rid of a bunch of law-breaking, terrorizing assholes who didn't contribute anything good to society. It was their own fucking fault that it had come to this. They should have just killed Daryl and called it good. Taking my woman had sealed their fate.
Stevie had seen it go down. She’d seen a man in a hospital uniform force Ginger into a white van and into the arms of a biker. The driver had been a biker, too, but she hadn't seen anything that revealed what club they were from. She'd told Skipper immediately, and he'd spread the word. Considering what Ace and I already knew about Daryl and Jack, we’d figured that it was the Kings that had taken her. 
Since Tanner knew that the Kings used Tomoka Farms Rd. when they traveled back and forth from Sanford, and the trucker had seen a few bikers before the accident, we’d thought that that was as good a place as any to start looking. We got lucky. Moody had been keeping his eyes open and had decided to follow a couple of the Kings who'd left a bar in a hurry after one of their brothers had rushed in with news. When they'd turned off onto a barely-there dirt road, he'd kept on going. He knew the area well, and he knew that the road leading in that direction dead ended into Tomoka Lake.
He had called in the location and where to meet--behind a country restaurant, so that we wouldn't be seen from the road in case more Kings rode by. It wasn't a social meeting. We remained quiet, some of us smoking, each of us deep in our own thoughts. This was war. Some of us were going to get hurt, maybe worse, but it's what we did to protect our own. We were brothers. We had each other's backs, and we all knew that we could count on each other. Words wouldn’t punish the assholes that had been arrogant enough to take and hurt what didn't belong to them. The only thing that they would understand was a fight. Killing a few of them would send a strong message.
I was fucking ready.
I thought about Ginger in the hands of those men. If they touched her . . .  if they hurt her . . . I fisted my hands as blinding rage filled every cell of my body until my blood was so fucking hot that I thought I was going to boil alive. She'd been through enough. 
"Brother--" Moody's voice drew me out of my deep thoughts. I gave him a questioning look. His expression was stone, like always. "Your phone's been buzzing for a full minute."
It was then that I realized that I had been so lost in my own thoughts that I hadn’t felt the buzzing of an incoming call. I dug out my phone. Unknown caller. "What?" I snapped, having an idea of who might be on the other end of the line.
"We haven't met‒"
"Save the introductions, I know who you are, asshole." His laughter made me want to reach through the phone and ring his fucking neck. "Where the hell is my woman?"
"Well, that's why I'm calling," came his smug return. "My club has her. And we have something special planned for the both of you."
"Just tell me what the fuck you want." I wasn't about to play his game. "You took care of Daryl, he's the fucker who owed you money. My woman had nothing to do with that."
He snorted as if this was all a joke. "This has nothing to do with Daryl or the money he owed me. We want you." 
What the fuck? I'd never had any interaction with the Kings before. 
"A few of your friends from Red Devils have joined us. They seem to think you're a traitor."
Fuck! That was the last thing I had expected to hear. We'd always known there had been the possibility that some of the Red Devils hadn't been present the day of the shootout, but we’d figured that they'd scattered, because we'd never heard from any of them. Who the fuck was “they”? 
"Wouldn't you like to see your old friends again?"
I knew then that they weren't going to release Ginger. They were out for revenge. I could only imagine what that would mean for her.  I knew that it wouldn't be pleasant. They'd want to make her suffer, because that would hurt me the worst, and when they were done, they'd put a bullet in both of our heads. I closed my eyes and clenched my teeth to draw in the control that I needed to keep a clear head. 
I'd kill her myself before I let any of them hurt her.
"Just tell me where to go." 
"You coming from Daytona?"
"Yeah."
"First dirt road you come to on Tomoka Farms Rd., just past the nursery, leads to the lake. About a mile in you'll come to an abandoned house. We'll wait till you get there before we start the party." The sick fuck laughed. "Come alone, and come unarmed." 
I disconnected before he could. With a snarl of rage I stuffed my phone back into my pocket, making eye contact with Moody, Tanner, and few others. I hadn't realized it, but as I’d talked on the phone a couple more Sentinels had shown up. We were clustered together, still sitting on our rides, waiting for the next move.
"That was Wicked. He confirmed they have Ginger, but it's not for the reasons we were thinking. Far as Wicked is concerned, killing Daryl took care of the money he owed them."
"What is it then, brother?" 
"Something from my past. Some of the Red Devils that escaped the fight that took their club out, they've joined in with the fucking Kings. They want revenge for my part in the take down."
"What are we waiting for?" Moody asked, tossing his smoke. "They have your woman. The reason why doesn't fucking matter." 
Murmurs of agreement went through the men. "Ok, then. We ride in about half a mile. I go in the rest of the way alone. Give me a few minutes to get there before the rest of you follow in the trucks. Let's ride!"
Moody led the way. Those of us on bikes followed behind him. Vinny and his friends brought up the rear in two massive trucks. I kept going when the others stopped. I knew that I was supposed to go in without weapons, but I purposely kept my gun on me. They were going to frisk me anyway, and having my gun somewhere where I might possibly get my hands on it made me feel better.
Besides, they would expect me to ignore their orders.
I didn't try to diminish the sound of my approach, they knew that I was coming. I wasn't surprised to see the fifteen or so bikes that were there when the house came into view. The Kings appeared to be a small MC.
Just as I had anticipated, there were several of them waiting outside for me. They were on me before I even left my bike, dragging me off and patting me down. Of course they found my weapon, snatching it from me and then holding it up in my face.
"You were told to come unarmed, asshole," the King grunted, before ordering the other two to take me inside.
I didn't put up a fight. I couldn't knowing that Ginger was inside, but that didn't seem to matter to the fuckers that had me. They threw a few punches, jabbing their guns into my back as they pushed me toward the door and then inside. The place was packed, everyone wearing cuts, but the Kings didn't interest me. It was the three men who were standing with a man who I assumed was Wicked, their cuts lacking any patches. I recognized them instantly, even though I'd forgotten the names of two of them. The one dressed like a hospital worker I remembered as Rocky, Wildman's Sergeant at Arms. He looked vastly different from the last time I'd seen him. I remembered how eager he'd been to get his hands on Ginger.
His expression was smug, but he couldn't quite pull off threatening in his hospital clothes. "Well, look who's here, the guest of honor," he joked as he walked towards me. "The traitor from Dark Menace." He drew his arm back and punched me square in the jaw.
My head snapped back with the force, and I felt blood fill my mouth as my teeth cut into the inside of my cheeks. My instinct was to fight back, and I lunged at him with that very intention. I had barely taken a step when several men were on me, pulling me back and holding me. I spit out a mouthful of blood onto the floor, glaring at Rocky. "Is that the best you got?"
He was the one lunging the next time. He got in a couple more hits before someone yelled out, "Enough!" Rocky reined himself in, but he wasn't happy about it. "Let's not start the party without our second guest of honor." The men began to whoop and holler. 
"I'll get her," Rocky growled, moving before anyone else had the chance to.
Fuck. I wanted to kill him. He left the room looking too eager to get his hands on her. I felt my blood boil. The men holding me tightened their grip, as if they knew that if I got loose there'd be no stopping me. I'd take as many of them with me as I could, and they would be first. 
"So you're the snake who got the Red Devils killed off?" Wicked got close enough for me to see his president's patch. "You really know how to make enemies."
"I know how to make dead enemies even better," I snarled between my teeth.
More than one laughed. They were like cockroaches, everywhere, standing, sitting, leaning against the walls. Vultures waiting for a meal. I could see it in their eyes, the lust and the anticipation of what they had planned. Fear for Ginger rushed through my blood. They could hardly wait to devour her. It was a pack animal mindset that, once unleashed, would be difficult to stop.
The sound of a door banging against a wall alerted me that Rocky was re-entering the room, pushing a frightened, angry Ginger in front of him. Her hands were tied in front of her. There were bruises and scratches on her face, and blood at the corner of her swollen, trembling mouth. Her clothes were torn, the skin on her arms scratched all to hell. And her feet--fuck, where were her boots? Her feet were a bloody mess. 
Her wild eyes darted around the room as she stumbled forward, and then landed on me. With a cry she ran to me and threw herself up against my hard frame. The only reason we didn't topple backwards was because of the bastards who were holding me. No one tried to stop her. "Rebel!" She kissed me wherever she could reach my face. "Why did you come?" 
The desperate tone of her voice told me that she knew what the outcome was going to be. I felt wetness on my face from her tears. It gutted me. "Baby." Jesus, her being there was all my fault. "I'm sorry you got caught up in this." 
"They've hurt you," she breathed softly, her eyes roaming over my face, her pretty lips quivering. 
I saw the dried blood. I could have said the same thing about her.
"How sweet, but this little reunion is over." Hands reached for Ginger, snatching her away from me. "Time to start this party!"  The place erupted into a party mentality that bordered on frenzy.
"No!" Ginger cried, helpless as hands pulled her back. Her eyes clung to mine.
"Get your filthy hands off her," I growled, seeing that Rocky had been the one to force her away. I saw red when he laughingly grabbed her tit and squeezed until she cried out.
I roared in anger, tearing one arm loose and punching the nearest man. Adrenaline raced through my body, giving me the strength to jerk my other arm free. I was on Rocky before anyone could stop me, pushing him away from Ginger and hitting him wherever I could. I tore into him like a possessed demon, smashing my fists into his face and torso at rapid speed, forcing him backwards on his feet until he lost his balance and stumbled into a group of men. They caught him before he hit the floor, and then I felt several men grab my arms and yank me back.
It was all over quickly, yet it had been long enough for me to do damage to Rocky's face. By the time he straightened up, blood dotted his clothes from his broken nose and split lips. Retribution glittered in his eyes as he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. 
"You're gonna pay for that," he threatened.
I snorted. They were going to kill me. What more could they do? "Bring it on, asshole," I snarled, pulling at the hands that were holding me away from him. I was willing to do anything to get his mind off of Ginger. He pulled something out of his pocket and slipped them on his hand. Brass knuckles. Oh, shit. This was going to hurt.
"We don't have time for this," Wicked growled, stepping forward.
"Shut the fuck up!" Rocky snarled back like a rabid dog. "He deserves this for what he did to the Red Devils!" He spit blood.  
I began to wonder who exactly ran the Kings. 
"You're forgetting who's president," Wicked reminded him, not backing down. Rocky exchanged a look with him, breathing in through his nose like a fucking bull. His eyes bounced around the room as if he needed further evidence of Wicked's power. There were a helluva lot more Kings than there were Red Devils. "Get in a couple of hits if it will make you feel better."
"No!" Ginger pleaded. 
Everyone ignored her, and Rocky needed no further persuasion. The next thing I knew he was hitting me on the side of my jaw. He held nothing back, putting all his strength into it. My head snapped back and to the side, and my mouth once again filled with blood. Son of a bitch that hurt! I barely had time to swing back around when I received a hard punch to the ribs. The air left my lungs with a grunt, and I doubled over. I could hear Ginger in the background, pleading with him to stop. I hated like fuck that she had to witness this.
"Enough!" Wicked yelled. Rocky followed it up with one more hit to my torso. 
"You fucking coward!" Ginger screamed, tears flowing down her cheeks. 
"It's okay, baby, he hits like a girl," I taunted, trying to smile through the pain in my jaw.
Rocky laughed. "Well, let me show you both that I'm a man." He turned toward Ginger with savage intent in his eyes. "I think it's time we show her what a train is."
I watched Ginger's face turn into a mask of stark terror. She knew what a train was, because I had explained it to her years before. She knew that they were about to line up and take their turns fucking her. She began to back up, shaking her head no, but there was nowhere for her to go that wouldn't put her up against the wall of men. Their faces had transformed, too, into twisted shapes of lust and anticipation. I roared with rage and frustration when they began to pass her around the room so that each man had a chance to molest her. One man took out a knife and cut the rope at her wrists so that she could fight them. And she did. My girl fought like a tiger, hissing and slapping at their roaming hands with determination. Rage burned brightly in her eyes as she hit out at them with one hand while the other clutched at her torn clothes.
They were just as determined to leave her naked and vulnerable. Two men easily overpowered her and removed her shorts. By the time they were done passing her from one man to the other she had little left to hide her body from them. I strained at the hands holding me back, wondering where the fuck my brothers were. The minutes had passed like hours. 
Real panic set in when Rocky picked Ginger up and slammed her down on top of a scarred and cracked countertop. She cried out with the impact, kicking and clawing at him to get off of her. 
"Get the fuck off her!" I roared, panting in my efforts to get to her. The men holding me laughed, but their eyes were glued to what was going on. 
And then they began to line up, with Rocky and Wizard at the front, grabbing the front of their pants suggestively as they got prepared to defile my woman. My heart was going to fucking explode from my chest. 
"Bring Rebel over so he has a front seat!" Rocky laughed hatefully, lying over Ginger as she squirmed beneath him, her face wet and red. "I want him to see every dick go inside his woman's pussy!"
"You fucker!" I was dragged closer, fighting to pull my arms free every step of the way. Rocky looked over at me, making sure that I watched as he ran his filthy paws all over Ginger.
"Get off me!" Ginger hissed through clenched teeth. She was angry and crying and fighting him with all of her might. She dug deep scratches down the side of Rocky’s face and was rewarded by a hard slap. 
"Come on, brother, I'm horny!" one of the Kings grated from his place in line.
"Yeah, hurry shit along!" another demanded, playing with himself.
"Fuck her already!" This came from a Red Devil. "I wanna show my boy how to fuck a woman good!" 
"Get her naked!" someone else shouted.
I was going to fucking kill every one of them. Rocky's hands went to what was left of Ginger's t-shirt, his fingers curling around a strip of material at the top and pulling down, but she was prepared for him and brought her arms up, crossing them over her breasts to prevent him from ripping it off her.
That was when the front door burst open.
All hell broke loose. 





Chapter 31

Ginger

I looked in the direction that the commotion was coming from to see several familiar faces piling into the house, guns drawn and shooting at anyone who moved, and everyone moved when the realization sank in that they were under attack. My gaze swung to Rebel. The sudden chaos caused the two men who were holding him to slacken their grip, and he used it to his advantage by jerking free. With a roar he charged toward us, knocking Rocky off of me and bringing him to the floor on the other side of the counter. I instantly rolled off the counter and moved out of the way, finding a corner to take cover in. Scooting down out of the way seemed like a good idea, considering the gunfire that was ricocheting all around us. 
Rebel didn't give Rocky a chance to fight back, pounding his fists into him like rapid machine gun fire. It was clear by his savage expression that Rebel didn't intend to leave the other man alive. He was merciless in his attack, throwing punch after punch at Rocky's face and torso, not giving the man a chance to catch his breath in between hits. I was frozen, watching in shock. The man I loved had become a brutal monster, pummeling Rocky in a savage attack. 
Gunfire continued to sound throughout the house. It became obvious that some of the fight had moved further back into different rooms. It didn't take long for the air to turn blue with smoke and fill with the acrid smell of sulfur, stinging my eyes. The shouts, screams, and threats being thrown back and forth between the two warring groups gradually lessoned, as did the gunfire. The unexpected sound of bikes revving up and taking off barely registered.
I remained where I was, too afraid to move, barely able to breathe. As the gunfire came to an end I was drawn back to the sight of Rebel and Rocky. Rocky had ceased to move or make any sounds. His face was a bloody mess, but still Rebel pounded him. Tears filled my eyes--not for Rocky's death, because it was clear that he was gone--but for Rebel. His expression was dark, savage, the look in his eyes wild and crazed. In a way he was gone, too, and all I knew was that I couldn't stand to let him continue beating a dead man. I crawled over to him, shaking wildly.
"Rebel--" I was afraid to touch him, afraid that he wouldn't know who I was and would turn his blind rage on me. He was in killer mode and clearly out of control. "Rebel." I glanced at his knuckles, wondering how much of the blood was from damage to his skin and how much was from Rocky's smashed face. With tears streaming down my face, I decided to try a different approach. "Michael, look at me. Please." 
It was either my voice or the sound of his name that seemed to get through to him. His hits slowed down. He was breathing hard, I could see his chest moving fast to keep up. His focus was still on Rocky, but I could tell that he was trying to come back. I took a chance and reached out, placing my hand on his arm, feeling the bunched muscles there twitch. "Michael." He slowly turned his head toward me, his eyes dead in a face that was taut with emotion.
His gaze moved slowly over my face and then down my body. I could see the second his vision cleared and he was with me in the moment. I smiled shakily through my tears. He reached for me as he moved off of Rocky, pulling us both up against a cabinet. Suddenly I was on his lap and his arms were crushing me to him.
"Thank Christ, baby," he rasped above my head. "You're okay." He exhaled a loud sigh. A tremor racked his whole body. His heart was pounding rapidly beneath my ear. "That was too fucking close."
I knew how true his words were. As I basked in the warmth and safety of his embrace, I noticed that the shooting had completely stopped, the sounds of bullets replaced by the sounds of orders being shouted out by the remaining men. I thought it was odd that I couldn't hear any groaning or cries from the wounded, but I didn't question it. I was just thankful that it was over. I relaxed against Rebel. "Thank God you came when you did."
"You should have never been here. That's on me."
That was all he had time to say before Vinny came into the room. "You okay, honey?" He was talking to me, but I noticed that he refused to look at me.
I was thankful for his consideration, feeling exposed in my tattered clothing. "I'm good." My voice trembled. "Thank you for coming."
"You don't ever have to thank us, sweetheart," Tanner said as he walked into the room. Unlike Vinny, he didn't have any trouble looking down at us, but the look in his eyes remained respectful. "Here, one of the guys handed this over for you."
Rebel took the offered shirt and draped it over me. "Thanks, brother."
"Thank you." 
Tanner gave me a wink before turning his attention back to Rebel. It was obvious that he wanted to say something to him, but seemed hesitant doing so with me there. Rebel made the decision for him. "It's okay. You can talk."
"A couple got away, one of them was wounded, shouldn't take Rod and Heath long to catch up to them."
"Any of ours hurt?" Rebel asked.
"Sully took a bullet to the leg, but it's not bad enough for the hospital. Ace got nicked, so did one of Vinny's guys. Nothing serious."
Thank God, I thought. 
"What are you doing with the bodies?"
I winced and closed my eyes, trying not to envision how many there might be. They deserved to die for what they'd done, for what they'd intended to do to Rebel and me, but it didn't make it any easier to accept.
I heard Tanner snort, as if he’d found Rebel’s question funny. "There's an alligator infested lake behind the house." I felt Rebel nod his head in approval. "You need help getting out of here?"
"I want Ginger taken out of here in the truck‒"
"No!" I looked up at him. "I want to stay with you. I'm okay to ride on your bike." After everything that had happened, I couldn't bear the thought of being apart from him any time soon. I shivered and buried my face against him.
"Baby, look at me." I didn't want to, because I knew that he was going to try and persuade me to leave him. "Trust me when I say that you don't want to be with me if the police stop us. I'm covered in blood that's not all mine, and you're half naked."
I didn't care. I didn't want to be separated from him. "I need to stay with you." I didn't care if it sounded like I was begging. "Michael, please . . ." I knew that I was hitting below the belt by using his name. 
"Christ, baby." He buried his fingers in my hair and pulled my head back. "When you say my name like that--" He shook his head. "I can't deny you." 
"I agree with Rebel," Vinny spoke up. "You should go home in the truck."
This time he was looking at me. I gave him a weak smile. "Thank you for caring, Vinny. You're nothing but a big, soft teddy bear."
"Yeah, well, don't let that get out," he grumbled, looking a little embarrassed. 
"I'm staying with Rebel," I said firmly, hoping that that was the end of it.
Tanner and Vinny stood staring down at us with neutral expressions as the rest of the men moved about busily. There was a lot of activity going on, a lot of movement, yet the big, boot-wearing men moved about in a surprisingly quiet way. They worked efficiently together toward one common goal, like quiet little ants, seeing that the job got done--the job of removing and disposing of the bodies.
I tried not to think about it, but I knew that this would be a day that I was going to remember for a long time to come. I shuddered at how close I'd come to being gang raped, at how close I'd come to losing Rebel forever. I curled my fingers into his cut, gripping it tightly, willing him to understand my need to be with him right then.
"You heard my woman," Rebel said after a minute. "She stays with me."
"Her decision, brother. Let me check on the guys’ progress." Tanner turned and walked off. 
"Della‒"
"She's okay, honey," Vinny said standing above me. "Stevie and Skipper are still with her. Stevie was the one who alerted everyone."
"I saw her watching when they threw me into the van. She'd been waiting for me in the cafeteria. There was nothing she could do to stop it."
"Yeah, she feels bad about that."
"There's nothing for her to feel bad about. It wasn't her fault. I'm just glad that she and Della weren't targets, too." 
"Skipper would have given his life to protect them," Rebel told me. "I should have been there to protect you." His bitter words drew my attention to his chiseled jaw and the tic in it. 
Was he blaming himself? "You can't be with me all the time." I watched as someone came over to remove Rocky's body. He was simply picked up by the ankles and dragged away. I shuddered at the trail of blood left behind.
"Let me help finish up," Vinny said after a moment. "I'm glad this shit is over." He turned and disappeared around a corner.
"Is it over?"
"Yeah, angel. Daryl's dead, too." I wanted to ask him how, but decided that that was a conversation that could wait. "This shit that happened today was about me, not you. Rocky found out that I was the one who caused the end of his club four years ago. We knew back then that not all of the Red Devils were dead, but we got Wildman and the majority of his men." He pulled in a breath and released a sigh of aggravation. "I never saw this shit coming, especially after all this time."
"They wanted revenge?" It seemed obvious.
His nod confirmed it. "Yeah, and Rocky wanted you. I'd kept him from you back then."
"They were going to kill us, weren't they?" It wasn't a question. I stated it as a cold, hard fact, and I didn't expect Rebel to respond to it. "Do you think there's any more of them out there?"
He released a heavy breath. "I fucking hope not." He kissed me on the forehead. "Come on, we can't sit here all night." He nudged me to my feet. "Are you sure you're okay to ride on the back of my bike?"
"Yes." I slipped the shirt on that Tanner had handed me earlier, pulling out the length of my hair. Rebel raised his hand, cupping the side of my face with a tenderness that was unlike him. He stared silently into my eyes, and I could sense the disquiet simmering beneath the surface of his hard veneer. There was no denying the raw emotions gripping him in that moment. "We're okay," I murmured softly, comfortingly. 
"No." That small, single word caught me by surprise, and revealed so much about where Rebel’s head was. "You should never have to worry about being snatched off the street. You should never have to worry about being raped by a gang of outlaws." He stiffened, clenching his jaw to stop himself from saying more. 
His gaze moved to some point over my head, unblinkingly staring at something only he could see. I could still hear the men moving about, but the activity seemed to be slowing down. I cupped his cheek to bring his attention back to me. It was slow in coming. 
He'd resisted. I could see it in his eyes--the concern, the grim determination, and the regret. I began to worry about the thoughts that I knew were going through his mind. I stared deeply into his eyes, willing him to see that I loved him, because I wasn't brave enough to say the words.
I did love him.
"Don’t even think about getting rid of me," I said firmly.
He snorted. "You're a mind reader now?"
"It's what you were thinking, wasn’t it?"
"Yes."
Fuck. I hadn't expected him to admit it so easily. It frightened me. What about all of his earlier talk about finding a house for us to live in together? Panic rose inside of me, but I was determined not to give in to it. We'd been through a lot together, and I was going to fight for us. In spite of that, my eyes burned with the sting of tears. Too much had happened that day, I was suddenly overwhelmed. I couldn't take any more.
"Can you please break up with me on another day?" I asked outrageously, unable to see him clearly because of the big, fat tears that were clouding my eyes. Deep down I had an idea about why he was feeling that way--he blamed himself for what had happened to me. "Can we please go home now?" I was done. 
For a moment we stood in silence. It seemed that Rebel wanted to say something more but was holding himself back. Finally he took my hand and led me out of the house. I tried not to notice what the men were doing, but the glimmering surface of the lake beneath the moon drew my attention to it. It was as if a light bulb were shining down on the water. I turned my head away and focused on where to put my bare feet, crying out when I stepped on something sharp.
"Fuck, baby." Rebel pivoted around instantly and swung me up into his strong arms. "I fucking forgot that you were barefoot." He sounded contrite. 
He certainly didn't sound like a man who was about to break a woman's heart.  
That small hope stayed with me on the ride home. 





Chapter 32

Rebel

Two weeks later I was still no closer to deciding what I should do about Ginger. I knew that if I chose to be with her there would be consequences--for her. I knew what I wanted, without doubt, but she would be safer away from me. She'd come too fucking close to being raped and killed because of the life I led, and that wasn't going to change. I was, and always would be, a nomad, a killer for hire, along with anything else the job called for. It was a profession that made me a ton of money, but also enemies along the way, fuckers who wouldn't hesitate to hurt someone close to me.
I wasn't proud of what I'd done after I’d taken her home that day. I'd practically dumped her off at her apartment, telling her that I would be back, when I had known that I wouldn’t be. A real bastard I was. I had flat out lied to her when I’d told her that I was on a job, and had only answered a few of her texts. Thank fuck a job had come up and turned my lie into truth, but it didn't make me feel any better, knowing that I'd only remained with her after a traumatic incident long enough to clean up. How fucked up was that?
Recalling the liquid hurt in her eyes had gutted me.
Christ, I was going to hell. If I'd had any balls I would have at least explained why I was leaving, but I'd been fucking scared. For her. For me. This whole situation between Ginger and me was a new experience. I'd never wanted to care enough for someone to be put into the position of having to decide whether or not I should give them up. I didn't want to give her up. That was the problem. I was torn.
I loved her.
Enough to let her go? I couldn't decide. That was the fucking problem.
Fuck no I couldn't let her go.
I was fucking screwed, because I knew I was just selfish enough to think that I could have something good in my fucked up life, a woman that I didn't deserve, but was going to take anyway. I wanted a life with Ginger. I wanted to put my baby in her belly, more than once, until I had that family I'd only ever dreamed about. Other men in my position made it work, why couldn't I? 
But, God, if I ever lost her . . . 
I tossed back my fourth whiskey and slammed the glass down on the table. Even now I had eyes on her, just to make sure that she remained safe. Jace. I snorted, remembering the look on his face when I'd told him about the job I had for him a day after getting back into town. It was easy money for a man like him, considering that Ginger had barely left Della's apartment since her release from the hospital. All he had to do was keep my woman safe, but he wasn't being obvious about it. I didn't want Ginger to be freaked out because someone was watching her.
With Daryl dead, along with most of the Kings and the three remaining Red Devils, it had grown quiet. Thank fuck. 
"Another refill, baby?"
I looked up at the chick who'd been hitting on me since I’d walked through the door. I was sitting in After Hours, Tanner's bar, getting wasted. The girls that he employed were eye candy, overly friendly, and not afraid to get down and dirty. I'd already seen one give a lap dance that would have set a normal man's pants on fire. The two had finally disappeared out the back door.
"Well, honey?" She ran her hand along the back of my neck, brushing her fingers against my hair. There was nothing coy about her.
She was beautiful in a 1940's starlet kind of way, with platinum hair that curled around her pale, angelic face, pouty, ruby-red lips, heavy but well-done makeup, and an hour-glass figure that made a man's palms itch to get his hands on. It hadn’t been too long ago that I would have had her in the back alley on her knees, but now her aggressive confidence turned me off. In fact, everything about her turned me off. She looked too perfect.
She wasn't Ginger. 	
Ginger was perfect. 
"Yeah, give me one more," I finally said, thankful when she walked away. I didn't even watch the sway of her ass in that too-tight dress she was wearing.
"Thought I'd find you here, brother."
"What the fuck, brother?" I growled after Jace pulled out a chair and joined me. "You're supposed to be watching my woman."
He held up his hands as if to ward off an attack. "Relax, man, she hasn't left her friend's apartment in five days. Besides, Skipper has been hanging around. No sense in both of us losing sleep."
Vinny had offered to pay for a live-in assistant for Della until she was on her feet again, but at the last minute they'd decided that Ginger was the best person to do that, so instead they had hired another waitress to cover her shifts at the bar, while paying Ginger to take care of Della. It only made sense since the girls were like sisters. "I'm not paying Skipper. He's marking his territory," I grumbled.
"You're not paying me, either. Something like this, I don't charge a brother."
I knew Jace well enough to know when he'd made up his mind about something. His tone, and the determined look on his face, told me that he'd fight me on this. "Thanks." 
The starlet waitress returned with my whiskey. An inviting smile spread across her face when she made eye-contact with Jace. There was no denying the open invitation in the bright eyes she pinned on him. Jace wouldn't ignore her. She set the glass down in front of me, keeping her interest on a grinning Jace.
"Anything I can get you, handsome?" Her tongue came out to lick her bottom lip.
His gaze ran up and down her figure, lingering on the tits that were spilling out of her low-cut dress. "Yeah, doll. I'll have you in about an hour. Before that, bring me what he's having."
Shooting Jace a wink, she sashayed off. I shook my head and reached for my drink. "She's been after me all night. You're her second choice." I took a sip.
Jace laughed and sat back in his chair. "I'll take that. I don't care for blonds, but my dick is just horny enough not to care." 
"I remember the days when I just fucked and moved on."
He snorted. "It hasn't been that long, man, unless you're trying to convince me that you remained celibate the last four years."
"Hell, no. There's been women." Too many. Nameless, faceless women who had been used strictly to satisfy my needs. There'd never been any indication that Ginger and I would cross paths again, and I was a man, after all. I had needs just like the next person.
The waitress came back and placed Jace's drink in front of him. "See you in an hour, doll," he reminded her. 
"You weren't kidding?" she teased in a seductive tone.
"I never kid about fucking." He reached for his glass. The waitress walked off, but not before giving him an air kiss. He waited until she was out of ear shot before saying, "You need to get your head out of your ass and make up your mind about Ginger. Either make a commitment or turn her loose. Skipper said she walks around like a sad, little mouse when she thinks no one is looking."
Shit. "I've answered her texts," I said defensively. 
Jace's brow shot up. "Oh, well, then I don’t know what the fucking problem is, brother. That should be enough for her. What a bitch."
I knew that he was being sarcastic, and he looked angry. Why was a brother getting involved in another brother's shit? It was none of his fucking business. I finished my whisky, while Jace drank his slowly, as if he hadn't just called me out on ignoring Ginger. I scowled. I felt like hitting him. 
"Look, I know it's not my place, brother. But I've never seen you like this. That tells me that Ginger means something to you, a lot more than just a warm place to stick your dick. It's obvious you love the girl."
I glared at him. "Yeah, so?"
"So you do love her."
I clenched my jaw, wishing that it were that simple. "Loving her isn't the problem, Jace. Look what almost happened to her because of being with me. I don't want to hurt her. What if someone else who's looking for revenge on me gets to her?"
The sound he made was a poor imitation of the buzzer sound you'd hear on a TV game show. "Already happened, brother. And guess what? She didn't go running, did she? You're the one running. And I'm telling you, man, this could be the biggest mistake of your life. Men like us don't often get as lucky as you. I think you should count your blessings, tell her how you feel, and find out how she feels and go from there."
"What are you all of a sudden, a fucking shrink?" I groused, looking everywhere but at him. 
Jace smirked and finished his drink. "Fucking good, huh? And I won't even charge you," he joked.
"Asshole," I grinned, shaking my head. 
I thought about the last time that I'd texted Ginger. It had been the day before, after she'd texted just to say hi and to ask if I was okay. She hadn't asked when she would see me again, or if she would see me again, she'd just wanted to make sure that I was good. She’d given me an update on how well Della was doing. She told me that it seemed that having Skipper around had been good for Della. She spent time on her appearance when she knew that he was coming over, and he managed to get her up and moving about the apartment.
The fact was that my woman wasn't whining about me not being around, that she wasn't complaining or crying about the shit that I'd brought down on her. She'd been more concerned about how I was doing, while nursing her best friend back to health. She'd shown nothing but patience, and maybe an understanding that I couldn't comprehend. She was strong and fearless, she'd shown me that. She was a fighter.
And I was a bastard for not fighting for her. 
For us.
"I love her," I blurted out, surprising us both. "Jesus, fuck, I love her." 
Other than a quirk on his lips, Jace didn't say anything. He relaxed back in his chair, as if his job was done. Something off to the side snagged our attention, and we both turned to see the waitress standing nearby, crooking her little finger at Jace to go to her. He didn't waste any time scooting back his chair and getting up to go join her.
I realized that I needed to go see Ginger before it was too late. The talk with Jace had made me see the truth in his words. I was suddenly glad that I'd returned to town two days before. I'd had to make a quick run up north to take care of a low-life piece of shit who was about to testify against a brother who'd been set up for murder by a rival MC. Supposedly, he was the only witness. That he wasn't under police protection was a mystery in itself, but who was I to question it? 
Since my brother, Don, and his club were under close police surveillance, they'd wanted someone from the outside to take the bastard out so that they would have a solid alibi. It had been an easy hit. Scum hung out with scum, and a little money went a long way when it came to getting information. It hadn't taken me long to locate the man in a bar in the seedier side of town, bragging about the money he was going to receive for lying. I'd waited for him to exit the bar, shot him once between the fucking eyes, and then got on my bike and rode back here.
I had no reason to stay away from Ginger now. It was time to grow a pair and confront the woman that I loved. If what Jace had said was true, I'd been a fool. I left some money on the table for my tab and left the bar out the back where I'd left my bike. It was now or never.
It was time to see my woman. 
But first, I had to see about a house.





Chapter 33

Ginger

I was in Della's kitchen making dinner when I heard the knock at the door. I turned to glance at Skipper, hoping that he would get it, because I was in the process of dropping pasta into a pot of boiling water. He made eye-contact with me as he got to his feet. We exchanged a smile, and I turned back to the stove. I liked Skipper. At first I'd worried that he was moving too fast with Della, not giving her the time to mentally heal from her ordeal, but after seeing how she had responded to his patience and gentle manipulation I decided that he was just what she needed. He didn't give her time to sit back and feel sorry for herself.
Men were different when it came to situations like this. Women let their hearts rule their actions, while men tended to take the bull by the horns and do what they needed to do to get things done. I unwillingly acknowledged that, had it just been me and Della, she would probably have still been bedridden. Skipper had gotten her up and out of bed on the first day, giving Della a reason to move forward. Ever since then, she'd taken the time to do her makeup and dress nicely before his arrival. I only prayed that he was spending so much time with her because he was serious about pursuing a relationship with her, and not just because he felt sorry for her.
I'd watched him closely. He was very sincere in how he was treating Della. The fact that she seemed comfortable around him, happy even, revealed that she was on the same page as he. Whatever was happening between them was a good thing. 
I heard mumbling at the door, but didn't turn around, stirring the pasta until it was covered with water. Next, I stirred the sauce that I'd made earlier, bringing the spoon up to my mouth for a careful taste. Satisfied that it tasted good, I set the spoon aside and covered the sauce.
"Smells good."
I gasped and turned around, surprised to see Rebel standing behind me. I looked beyond him, to the living room, to see that Skipper and Della were heading toward her bedroom. She cast me a smile, her face all but healed from the beating that she'd received. I reluctantly returned my gaze to Rebel, afraid of what I'd see there. So many things went through my mind at once, all of them having to do with him not being in my life. God, I'd missed him so much. It had been almost three weeks since I'd last seen him, and texts hadn't been enough. I drank him up.
As sexy as ever in his head-to-toe biker gear, I noticed that his hair was a little longer than it had been when I’d last seen him, and the scruff on his chiseled jaw was a little thicker. He was bad ass all the way, yet he looked at ease standing before me, content almost. I realized that he was waiting for me to say something.
"Hi." I felt my heart jump, remaining where I was, unmoving. What I really wanted to do was jump into his arms and kiss him all over. A small smile curved my lips upwards. "How have you been?" I heard the nervous tremor in my voice.
"I've missed you like hell," he said, surprising me. His sharp gaze moved over me like a slow caress, causing my nipples to harden immediately against the soft material of my tee. Only he could elicit this instant, intense reaction from my body. 
"You're the one who stayed away," I pointed out, hearing the slight bitterness in my tone. 
"I had shit to take care of," he replied in a hard voice. He took a step closer, yet kept the small island between us. "I lied to you."
My mouth opened, but nothing came out.
"You don't owe me thirty grand."
What? That was the last thing I had expected him to say. I wanted to be angry at him, but I couldn't muster up the emotion. The money seemed so unimportant now.
"I've known from the beginning that you didn't take the money. I used it as an excuse to stay close to you."
"You needed an excuse?" 
He released a harsh breath. "Yeah. I didn't want to accept that you were different from all the other women, but from the very beginning I knew that you were. You crawled inside my soul until I needed you like I needed air. And I fought that feeling every step of the way."
I didn't have to ask him why, I already knew why. "I should be mad at you," I said, still unable to bring forth any emotion. Instinct told me that our conversation was going to be instrumental in my future happiness.
Our future happiness.
"You should." His crooked grin sent a sharp jolt of awareness through me. "There are a lot of reasons that you should be mad at me." He hesitated. "That you should hate me."
I couldn't let that comment go. Even though love and hate was a marriage between every couple, I'd never hated Rebel, not even in the beginning. He hadn't been the only one who had sensed that there'd been something between us. "No." I shook my head. "I can accept anger, but I'll never hate you." Why couldn't I say the words that I wanted to say? That I loved him?
"I want to explain why I stayed away the last three weeks."
"You had a job."
"That wasn't the only reason, angel. I was a bastard for taking off right after the ordeal you suffered. I should have stayed to take care of you, to help get you through the aftermath. But the fear of what I was feeling sent me away." 
"You, afraid?" I tried to make light of it to ease the hardness of what I sensed was coming. Rebel was tense, every muscle in his body locked with the emotion of what he was admitting to. He looked like stone, except for the tic in his strong jaw. It was the only sign that he was trying to hold on to his composure. 
"Baby, if you only knew."
"Then tell me," I encouraged softly.
He snorted. "It's hard for a man to expose his weaknesses, and, angel, you've always been mine. The intensity of how much I want you is crippling. I've never wanted another woman like I want you."
"So it's not just sex?" I smiled, already knowing that it wasn't. I recognized that Rebel was torn. I could understand why. 
"Fuck no," he said firmly and sharply, grinning. "But I won't deny it's a big part of it. When I'm fucking you, you make me feel content inside. You make me realize that a man like me can have it all. That I already have it all. But what held me back is knowing the danger I put you in. You have to know if we go on from here that there's always the possibility that there will be more danger, someone else looking for revenge, someone who might want to use you to get to me, or hurt you just to hurt me. I don't know if I can live with that."
"That's why you stayed away, isn't it?" 
Rebel nodded. "I know it's not the first time I've mentioned it, but after what happened . . ."
"Isn't that my decision to make?" Since he didn't seem inclined to approach me, I walked around the counter to him. "I know the risks, Rebel, but life is full of risks. I know you'll do everything in your power to take care of me, and protect me, but shit will still happen." He grinned at that. "I'm afraid, too--afraid of not having you in my life." I stared up at him, close enough to step into his arms if he'd have me.
"You're a sweet woman. I don't deserve you."
I shrugged. "Maybe not." He snorted. "And this is the last time we have this conversation. We either go on from here, or you leave and never come back." I flinched inwardly, praying that my ultimatum didn't backfire. 
One brow arched. "You sound awfully bossy, angel."
"I'm a strong, fearsome woman," I responded with a confidence that came from knowing and understanding her man. "You'd be wise to tread carefully."
A laugh burst forth from him. "Are you going to be like this in the bedroom?"
"Would you like me to be?" He stared down at me, his eyes swimming with humor. "What do you want?"
I didn’t need to ask, because his expression said it all. There was no denying the passion in his dark eyes or the raw emotion on his handsome face. "Right now I want you to turn off that water boiling over on the stove."
Oh! I rushed to the stove and turned off the burner, moving the pot of pasta to another spot. I also turned off the sauce while I was there, just in case we didn't get around to eating right away. By the time I turned back toward Rebel, he had moved up behind me. I gasped. He grasped my shoulders and spun me around, and the next thing I knew he moved us until he had me boxed in against the fridge.
"I fucking love you," he growled, right before his mouth slammed down onto mine.
A thrill traveled down my spine. As soon as our lips touched we turned into animals. We were all over each other, grinding our mouths together, twirling and jabbing our tongues, tasting the heat and passion between us in more ways than just a steamy kiss. And it was hot, so blissfully hot that I was infused with a volcanic heat that was almost unbearable. Rebel's hands were all over me, over and beneath my tee, shaping and squeezing my flesh with enough strength that I knew would leave bruises. I didn't care. I loved having his mark on me. I soon joined in, raking my nails down his back until he grunted and I felt his muscles quiver. 
The kitchen filled with the sounds of our hunger as we devoured each other. As soon as Rebel broke away, I cried, "I love you, too!" I kissed his chin. "I've always loved you, Michael." 
His hands slid around to my ass, taking both cheeks into his palms and lifting me against him. His hard cock throbbed strongly against me. "I missed you so fucking much, angel." He leaned his forehead against mine. "Never again. This is it. You're it for me. I can't face life without you in it."
I smiled, the thrill of happiness surging through my blood and soul. "Are you sure this time?" 
"So fucking sure," he rasped. We were both breathing hard. "I found a house for us. Signed the papers yesterday." His hands smoothed up and down my back.
"Really?" I pulled back enough to meet his eyes. "Where?"
"On the beach. We'll talk later‒"
"Can we come out now?" Della interrupted, calling out from her room. "We're hungry." I could hear the smile in her voice.
Rebel and I laughed. He kissed me on the tip of my nose and then stepped away. "We'll finish this later," he promised hoarsely.
I couldn't wait! 
The man that I loved was back, and life suddenly seemed good again. I'd missed him so much the last few weeks. After he'd cleaned up and left the night of the horrible encounter with the Kings and the Red Devils, I'd known then that the incident had gotten to him, that it had made him re-think things with us. I hadn't fooled myself into thinking that his leaving hadn't been caused by what we'd gone through that night. 
What we'd almost lost.
I couldn't wait to see the house he'd bought for us, and start our lives together. Della and Skipper walked back into the room and I prepared to drain the cooked spaghetti. 
I was suddenly ravenous! 





Epilogue

One year later

Ginger

I lay there, basking in the orgasmic bliss Rebel had just given me for the third time that morning. We'd both woken up early and had decided that there was time to partake in our favorite past time. The sex between us was great. Even after a year, the intensity and passion felt just as fulfilling as the first time. We came together like animals mating in the wild, any time and any where the urge came upon us, and had practically christened every room in the house. It was a good thing that we lived alone.
We'd had a wonderful, uneventful--and by ‘uneventful,’ I meant there had been no drama that could have ended up with one or both of us dead--year together. He'd taken a few jobs out of state, one that had left me alone for a full month, but other than that he had tried to stay as close to home as possible. The beachfront home he'd purchased for us was an older house outside of Daytona, hidden by mature palms and lush landscaping. I liked the feeling of being away from it all and secluded from nosey eyes, especially when Rebel liked me to walk around naked. The fact that the ocean was just steps away was an added bonus, and I discovered that there was nothing more peaceful or relaxing than going to sleep with the sound of the surf in my ears and seagulls screeching overhead.
Being in the arms of the man that I loved didn't hurt either.
All in all, life was pretty good.
Rebel and I got along great.
He walked out of the bathroom with a towel hanging low on his hips. As always, I let my gaze roam down his hard torso, marveling at the sexy V that led down to his cock. I enjoyed looking at him. He was visually stimulating, and it didn't matter that we'd just had smoking hot sex, I wanted him all over again. A minute went by before I realized that he'd stopped and was just standing there.
My eyes traveled up to meet his, seeing the smug amusement there. "What?" I asked innocently.
He laughed, the sound going straight to my slightly sore pussy. "You keep looking at me like that, and we're going to miss the service."
"Ohmygod!" I glanced at the clock before jumping from the bed. How could I have forgotten about the wedding? "I have an hour to get to the church!" Panic set in that it wouldn't be enough time, and I knew that Della was counting on me.
It was her big day, her and Skipper’s. I was so happy for her, for both of them. He'd turned out to be the best thing that had ever happened to her. They'd planned a small service, with just his MC and their women, his parents and sister, and me and Rebel. Of course, I had to be there, I was her maid of honor. I jumped into the shower, jumped out, then began to blow dry my hair that I intended to French braid. I was standing there in all my naked glory when Rebel came into the bathroom, this time wearing boxer briefs.
I smiled. "I've never known you to wear underwear," I teased, working the blower through my tresses. 
"I do on special occasions," he grinned, coming to stand behind me. "Besides, dress slacks don't fit as snug as jeans. My boys need some support." As he liked to do when I was in this position, he wrapped his arms around me and cupped my breasts. "Have I ever told you I love your tits?" He began squeezing them and plucking at the nipples.
"Only every day," I smiled, arching slightly, which put my butt into the cradle of his hips. He leaned in and began to nibble the side of my neck. I closed my eyes and moaned, before reminding myself that I was on a mission. "Rebel, Della will kill me if I'm not on time." 
I felt him smile against me, and knew what was coming next. "Like you killed her when she was late for our wedding?"
I shivered against his sensual attack. She had been late, and, as I’d learned much later, for the same reason that I was about to be late to her wedding. The only difference was that Rebel and I had decided to get married at the courthouse, and Della and Skipper were supposed to have been our witnesses. They'd been half an hour late. I'd been a little miffed at my best friend for being late for the most important day of my life, but by the time Rebel had slipped on the platinum wedding band, I'd gotten over it. 
My gaze automatically traveled up to the hand that was holding the blow dryer, seeing how the two-carat, emerald-cut diamond solitaire sparkled in the mirror.
"So this is all about payback?" My words came out breathily, and I set the dryer down without turning it off.
He thrust his hard cock against my naked butt. "No." His hands turned rougher as they glided over my body. "This is about me putting a baby in your belly."
His words got to me every time, and I began to push back against his erection. I reached up behind me and wrapped my arms around his neck. The image in the mirror was erotic, his dark, powerful hands caressing me everywhere on my paler body. One hand remained on my breast, the other zeroed in on the thin strip of hair on my pussy. Rebel wasted no time in slipping his finger over my clit. I trembled wildly and began to pant.
"No . . . time . . ." I gasped weakly, moving my hips against his finger. 
"Want me to quit?" he whispered against my ear. He was fucking me with his finger while his thumb flicked over the pulsing nerves at the top of my slit. I could feel how wet I was, I could hear it as he worked another finger inside me.
"Yes, no," I gasped, leaning further into him for support. I tried to remind myself about Della's wedding, I tried to be strong, but all I could think about was how good Rebel was making me feel. "What if I told you that I was already pregnant? Would you stop?" We'd decided to start a family, and had been trying for two months. I'd taken a pregnancy test earlier that morning, but hadn't planned to tell him the good news until after the wedding.
I felt his hesitation, but it didn't last long enough to mean anything. He clearly thought it was just a ploy to get him to leave me alone so that I could continue getting ready. "No. I'm weak where you're concerned. You could be nine months along and big as a house, and I'd still want to fuck you."
My husky laugh echoed throughout the bathroom. "I guess we'll see in nine months then, won't we?" He froze. "Well, probably more like eight months."
"Are you pregnant, angel?" He was staring at me in the mirror. "Do you have my baby in your belly?"
"We've been fucking like bunnies. It was bound to happen." He swung me around and kissed me hard. "I was going to tell you after the wedding," I explained.
He looked down at my belly, placing his hands there as if in awe. "My son."
I laughed. He seemed so certain. "Our daughter." I raised a brow, challenging him to argue with me. 
"How about we start with a boy, and have a girl later?" he joked.
I thought our conversation was silly, because we had no say over what sex the baby would be either way. Deep down, I knew that Rebel wouldn't care what we had, as long as our children were healthy. 
"I'll see what I can do," I teased back. "Now, are you going to finish what you started?" I reached down and rubbed the bulge of his cock, which hadn't even begun to diminish during our brief break. "Unless you're afraid to face Della . . ."
He grabbed me to him and fucked me until the bathroom was steamed up again, until my legs were so weak that I had to sit down and wait for the strength to return. With Rebel it was all or nothing, he did nothing halfway. I could count on that. I knew I couldn't have chosen a better man. 

Jonathan Lee Woods was born on February second, eight months later. 

The End


Thank you for reading my book, I hope you enjoyed it. Leaving a review where you purchased it would be greatly appreciated. Continue reading for more information about me and my work.


ABOUT THE AUTHOR


Tory Richards often describes herself as a grandma who likes to read and write smut. Known for her hot erotic romances, she’s also penned erotic paranormals, and contemporary suspense romance. Writing is a hobby for Tory. It thrills her to be able to share her stories, and she loves seeing her characters come to life with each new book cover. 
Tory began writing short stories on notebook paper when she was only ten. At thirteen she received her first manual typewriter, a few years later an electric one, and not until she was forty-five did she get her first computer. For many years writing was a secret hobby as well as therapy for Tory. She didn’t submit to a publisher until her daughter and niece encouraged her to pursue her dreams. 
Originally from Maine, Tory has spent most of her life in Florida. She’s retired from Disney and spends her time between family, friends and writing. Besides writing her likes include: spoiling her grandchildren, traveling, going to the movies, watching Syfy, taking care of her four cats, and naps.



****

Snippet of Dangerous, Nomad Outlaws Trilogy Book 2
Coming 2018

Unedited and not finalized
“What’s the hurry, darlin'?” This came from the biker I'd been hoping to avoid. Samson had moved away, and the man's hands were resting on top of his thick thighs as he balanced his bulk on his bike. 
He was wearing biker gloves, the half-finger kind. As I glanced over the patches on his vest I noticed the one that revealed he was a nomad, while the other biker's patches revealed that they were in the Wreckers MC. His muscular bulk, the bulging muscles I'd already noticed in his arms, revealed that he was a powerful man. Nowhere near as handsome as the blonde God, there was still something about him that made him appealing, too appealing for my peace of mind. His square jaw and strong, firm mouth was sensual. Even though his eyes reflected friendliness, I got the impression that this man was dangerous and someone to be careful around. 
I'd been on my way to the tavern. “I’m hungry,” I finally responded, as if that explained everything.  I ignored the chuckles of two of his friends, mesmerized by the sapphire blue of his eyes as they dropped down my body in a lazy inspection.
“Me, too,” he said, his gaze roaming back up my body. "And you're just my type."
He was teasing me, and I didn't like the confident quirk on his mouth. His look set me on fire, and I couldn't ignore that. I felt the heat of a blush rush up into my face, and suddenly felt naked in my jean cutoffs and clinging tee-shirt. As I felt my nipples betray me by hardening beneath his stare I took a breath and forced myself to walk away. 
"Sounds like your problem," I said indifferently.
There was no way I was getting involved with an obvious bad ass when I’d just gotten rid of one.
****

Complete Book list

Dangerous - coming 2018
Furious - coming 2018
Savage - coming 2018
No Escape - coming 2018
Ruthless
One Night Only 
What He Wants
Wild Surrender 
The Sentinels MC 
No Mercy 
Carnal Hunger
His Possession 
Hands-On 
Dirty Surrender
A Soldier’s Promise 	
All the Right Moves 
Dark Menace MC - Stone
Big, Black and Beautiful
Wild Marauders MC - Lynch		
Obsession		
Out of Control
The Mating Ritual		
Scent of a Wolf’s Mate
Bishop’s Angel			
Up in Flames		
Someone to Love Me
The Cowboy Way			
Kiss Me!		
The Evans Brothers Trilogy
A Perfect Fit			
Wicked Desire				
Burning Hunger
Nothing but Trouble		
Surrender to Desire

MC Romance
Wild Marauders MC - Lynch
Dark Menace MC - Stone
What He Wants 
Dangerous Surrender
Phantom Riders MC - Hawk
His Possession
Carnal Hunger
No Mercy 
The Sentinels
Ruthless 
Dangerous - 2018
Furious - 2018
Savage - 2018
			
Serve and Submit Series (1-5)
Pulled Over
On Fire
Under Cover
Party Time
Lovers

Evans Brothers Trilogy
A Perfect Fit
Surrender to Desire
Burning Hunger

Phantom Riders MC Trilogy - no cliffhangers!
Phantom Riders MC
No Mercy
What He Wants	

Nomad Outlaws Trilogy - no cliffhangers!
Ruthless
Dangerous - coming
Furious - coming

Paranormal
Scent of a Wolf’s Mate
The Mating Ritual

Print Books - 
Wild Marauders MC - Lynch
Dark Menace MC - Stone
Carnal Hunger
His Possession
No Mercy
Phantom Riders MC - Hawk
What He Wants
The Sentinels
Ruthless














































