Safe
By Sarah Doughty
Copyright 2016 Sarah Doughty
Smashwords Edition 2021

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All Rights Reserved
Excerpt from Stronger Than Blood, copyright 2020 by Sarah Doughty

This book contains an excerpt from Stronger Than Blood by Sarah Doughty. This excerpt has been set for this edition only and may not reflect the final content of the final edition.

Cover design: Sarah Doughty. Cover image copyright MysticLight/Shutterstock.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this e-book. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

http://www.sarahdoughty.com
Safe
Table of Contents

Dedication
Epigram
Safe
Aisling's Journal
Thank You Message
About the Author
Other Titles
Connect with the Author
Acknowledgments
Preview of Stronger Than Blood
For Senior. Family is what you make of it, and I’m grateful you’re part of mine.
“A true friend encourages us, comforts us, supports us..., offering us a safe refuge from the world.”
- H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
“A safe fairyland is untrue to all worlds.”
- J.R.R. Tolkien
“It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.”
- Aesop
The one thing 
I needed 
as a child 
became a crutch 
for bearing 
my bravery:
feeling safe.
- Aisling Green
Prologue



You’ve been bad, little girl. 
Those words echoed through my mind every night as I waited, ringing through me like a mantra. No matter what I did, I was never good enough. I knew it. There was always something to be upset about. And I didn’t know what was so wrong with me that I couldn’t be good.
After raising me alone, my mother deserved to be happy. At first, my step-father did that for her and more. So I loved my daddy, as every little girl should love her father. I tried not to make any trouble. 
I wanted to be good. For him. I wanted to make them both happy. 
But nothing was good enough. He shielded her from my disappointing existence. If nothing else, I was grateful Momma didn’t see my faults, many as they were. All I wanted was to be the kind of daughter that would please her parents with actions. The kind that would be loved by them in return.
In those earlier years, I hoped, instead of coming to my room in the middle of the night, he’d go to bed. If he lumbered away to sleep off the alcohol, it meant that I wasn’t so bad that day. I could count the number on my fingers how many times that happened. 
Though it took far too long for me to understand it, I realized that I needed his correction. I was terrible. Not just in my behavior, but with my inability to correct my mistakes. No matter what I did, the result was the same. 
And I deserved it.
Sinking against the wall beneath my windows when I heard those slow, stumbling footsteps ascending the stairs, I cowered. Thump. Pause. Thump, he pounded up those steps, announcing that it was time to face my truth. Either I would be punished, or I managed to be good that day. I knew the odds.
Sure enough, as he turned away from the bedroom he shared with my mother and made his way toward mine, I curled inward a little more as my heart quickened its pace. As if the limited light from the moon would shroud me in a cocoon of protection.
That was always my first reaction when I heard him walking down the hall. But he wanted me cowering on his terms. Never before he began my punishment. Once I figured out what he wanted me to do, at least then I could see some hints of approval in his features. It was the only time I ever saw it.
That had to count for something.
Right?
A girl could dream, anyway.
Forcing myself to move, I scooted away from the wall and knelt, spreading my knees. Just the way he liked. Though I kept my head down, waiting with my eyes up enough to see his shadowed feet through the gap under my door as he approached, I still hoped. Begged to the universe for my wrongs that day to be minor. 
The door swung open, revealing the yellowed light behind him. It left him shrouded in darkness, but I still felt his gaze on me. I didn’t need to see the way his shoulders rose and fell with every breath he took — I knew they were jagged. But not from his drunken efforts to climb the stairs. 
His face was too dark for me to see from my limited viewpoint, but based on the quick pace of his breathing, I was very bad that day.
Forcing my body to not flinch at the sound of my door banging against the wall, I dropped my eyes and stared at the floor in front of my knees, reminding myself to breathe. I took quick, shallow breaths and adrenaline replaced the blood flowing through my veins while my heart pounded against my ribcage so hard, I was sure he could hear it. 
I, too, was anticipating what was to come. But not for the same reason. 
The pain was coming. How much of it, I didn’t know. And it didn’t matter. I knew I deserved it.
“You’ve been bad, little girl,” he said, low as he stepped toward me.
Though I wanted nothing more than to look up at him as he approached, I couldn’t. Fear tried to force my wide eyes up, but I overrode it with every bit of energy I could muster. After many long nights, I knew what would happen if I dared to meet his gaze.
If I did, he would see it as a sign of defiance. And more pain would come. 
“I’m sorry, Daddy,” I said, in barely more than a whisper, trying to keep the trembling out of my voice. It would be worse if my apologies weren’t voiced just right. My next words slid off my tongue like a purr. “What can I do to make it better?” 
The door closed behind him with a resounding click, cutting off that yellow light. It left only the dim blue glow of the moon as it filtered through my windows. The bare skin of my thighs was bathed in it, uninterrupted almost all the way up to my panties, where the hem of my sleep shirt began. 
It only made me look paler and I wondered for a moment if that was how dead bodies looked after their hearts stopped pumping blood through them.
“Hmm,” he mused as his gaze wandered over me. It sounded like a breathy moan and I swallowed back a little of the bile that threatened in my throat.
Even as he towered over me like a giant, I could feel his hot breath on the top of my head when he approached. The heady scent of beer clung to him and it sent revulsion through me. 
My daddy took another step closer, placing one foot between my knees. I knew how much his steel-toed boots hurt when they kicked me, but I bit back the whimper that tried to crawl up my throat. With a tap against my inner thigh, I knew what he wanted.
I spread my knees wider an instant before his meaty fingers grabbed my chin. A small hiss escaped me from the pressure of his grip. That was my first indication that there would be more bruises than usual for me to cover in the morning. He held on, forcing me to look up at him — the only time I was allowed to meet his gaze. 
Without answering my question, he ran his other hand over the bulge at the front of his pants and he grunted. “You’re going to be a damn fine treat in a few years, won’t you, darlin’?”
That wasn’t the first time he said that to me. The pain of his fingers biting my chin was the only thing that kept me from thinking more about what he meant. Whatever it was, it was a problem for the future. And since I knew he didn’t want me to answer him, I stayed quiet and kept my eyes on his face.
After several more long moments, he released my chin and my head resumed its previous position, like a reverent bow. Rather than looking at his boot, still resting between my thighs, I closed my eyes. 
Then Daddy said, “You know what happens to bad little girls. You will take what I give you without so much as a squeak or I will make sure you regret it.”
As soon as he finished, his other foot shot out and the reinforced toe connected to my hip. White-hot fire flashed down my leg as pain exploded across my senses. I bit my lip, tasting blood on my tongue to keep from crying out. Though I managed to stay quiet at first, I knew it wouldn’t last for long. I knew it would be more pain than I could handle.
Yet again, I was going to fail him. 
And that just made me hate myself even more.
Chapter 1



I hovered there, somewhere between dreamless sleep and wakefulness. Trying to shake the nightmare that gripped me by reminding myself that my step-father never took what he really wanted from me. 
Instead, I focused on what was real. I felt warm. Safe. And I wasn’t yet ready to open my eyes to greet another day. But the longer I laid there, surrounded by warmth and contentment, I felt myself drifting ever closer to consciousness.
Air filled my lungs when I inhaled and a comforting scent of wood smoke registered to my nose. It was the aroma that recalled most of the simpler, happier times I experienced in my childhood, rare as they were. I smiled against my pillow, relaxing further into its embrace. It was a sense of belonging. To be right where I was. 
And that was a scent I would never stop loving.
Not just for the good memories it evoked. 
But because it was his scent.
The man I loved — Connor Jennings.
When I first saw him, I was grappling with the knowledge that I was a witch. Despite knowing that I came from a long line of witches, it didn’t help my predicament. Because I was alone and without answers.
After Momma died over a decade before, my step-father left, leaving my grandmother with the responsibility of taking me in and raising me. Less than a week after Gramma’s death, I still only had a basic understanding of what it meant to be a witch and nothing about the supernatural world.
Though I didn’t yet know anything about Connor at the time -- other than the fact that he wasn’t a normal human from the hazy purple aura that surrounded him like a cloud -- somehow, even in those first moments I saw him, I knew he would change my life forever.
At first glance, it felt like I was caught in a web of time. It was as if the world decided to slow to a crawl to let me take in every detail of him. I wanted to learn all I could about the man that made me feel like I was yanked toward him by an unknown pull in my stomach.
Like he was True North to my compass, that sensation was constant, growing or lessening in intensity depending on my proximity to him. That was the physical manifestation of our connection. As soulmates. And the longer I spent in his presence, my feelings grew in intensity. Within a matter of days, I fell for him. Hard.
It wasn’t the way he looked, though he was the most gorgeous creature I ever saw. It was who he was. The way his words and actions caught my attention and kept it. The way he called to me in a way nothing ever could. How his presence made me feel electrified. Empowered.
Made me feel alive.
It was everything.
My love for him was undeniable. Infinite. And I could feel it in every cell in my body. 
Connor was my first kiss, first love -- and would be my last. 
And there I was, on that cold, Christmas morning, awakened from yet another nightmare, a constant reminder of what I endured as a child. Every night. For years. Despite my circumstances growing up, and my resulting issues with Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, or PTSD, I found peace with Connor. Safety. 
I didn’t know the meaning of restful sleep until I was in his arms with my head on his chest, listening to the steady in and out of his breathing and the gentle beating of his heart. With my shoulder tucked beneath his and my arm running the length of his torso as I pressed against his side. 
That was how we slept. 
And those were the best nights of my life.
Though the steady breathing told me he was still asleep, the combination of purple and pink swirling in his aura told me what he was feeling. Content with a low thrum of loving desire at the same time. In that moment, despite never seeing my own aura, I knew mine looked the same. Those two emotions were like a default for both of us.
Even in sleep, we wanted each other. And it seemed we were always ready.
I felt the proof of his hardened length pressing against my inner thigh and I smiled.
That morning was more than just our first Christmas together. It was the day we were going to be married — by human standards. It was right. It felt right. Because we loved each other.
Since I wanted it to be memorable in every way, I planned to surprise him. But doing that without waking him would be tricky. Resisting my body’s urge to stretch, I pondered my course of action.
With a careful slowness, I lifted my leg away from him as the hand that rested on his chest began its slow descent over his bare, velvet skin down to my destination. The fact that we both slept naked came to our advantage.
He shifted a fraction beneath me, and I paused as a shiver passed through him, but he didn’t wake. Then I continued. When my fist wrapped around him, he woke up with a sharp intake of breath and his aura changed. One moment, it was that contented purple and loving pink. And the next, it was red. 
Desire.
Lifting my head, I looked up at him and his deep brown eyes locked with mine. His long, straight brown hair was still flawless, even after sleeping, and it draped across the red satin of his pillow.
His arms tightened around me as my hand continued to move in a slow, agonizing motion that forced a moan from him. And I couldn’t help but watch his chest rise and fall as his perfect lips parted.
“Aisling Marie Green, are you trying to seduce me?” he asked, low.
Grinning devilishly at him, I replied, “I’m not trying anything.”
Instead of saying anything else, another moan escaped him and his eyes closed from the overwhelming sensation. 
Despite my best efforts, I wasn’t immune to what I was doing. 
The feel of him in my fist was like nothing else. Like silk wrapped over hardened steel. I reveled in how he reacted to my touch. And it made me want him that much more.
Connor’s eyes opened again and I gasped as magic filled the room. But it wasn’t mine.
It was his. 
And his eyes were no longer that deep, chocolatey brown. They were white from the intensity of his desire. Sparks of electricity arced between his fingertips, sending delicious jolts into my body. 
From the intensity of his desire, he unleashed his magic only a moment before, and it ran through him with a thrum of power, waiting to be used.
Just like that, I let mine out in response, and I knew my eyes were white like his as electricity of my own pulsed through me and into him. But that wasn’t the only advantage magic provided us. While our senses weren’t enhanced, our speeds were.
And in that moment, that was exactly what I needed.
In a blur of motion, I straddled and sheathed him to the hilt while reveling in the sensation with a breathless moan. 
God, but I love the way he feels inside me.
As the sound of his moan trailed off, I grinned down at him before I started moving in a slow, tortuous grind that forced his hips to arch up toward me. Setting the pace, I reveled in every agonizing, long, and thick inch of him as he moved in and out. He sat up, hands moving behind him to press into the bed and assist his efforts. 
And I kissed him, hard.
His taste exploded on my tongue and I couldn’t get close enough to him. Like there was some invisible barrier between us, even though we were already skin to skin. I threw my arms around his neck and pressed closer against him, trying to feel as much of him as I possibly could.
Though I wasn’t certain if he felt the same way in that moment, I couldn’t bring myself to care. Because his hands moved away from the mattress and flashed to the sides of my face, deepening our kiss. I cried out into his mouth and he groaned in response before his hands slid down the sides of my neck to my chest.
I knew where he was going and I shuddered in anticipation, feeling the burn for him as the friction between us increased.
It felt like lava was running through my veins and I poured it into him as we moved.
Judging by the molten red glow of his aura, he felt the same. 
Before I knew what was happening, I was hovering close to the edge as my movements became more frantic. It was the feel of him beneath me with each thrust and grind of my hips. From the delicious teasing of his fingers around my aching nipples. The way his tongue danced with mine. All of it.
They set me to burn with relentless intensity. And I couldn’t get enough of it.
“Oh, god,” I cried as I tore away from his mouth, throwing my head back as the wave reached me and began to take me away.
“That’s it,” Connor growled. But I could hear the breathlessness in his words that told me he was close. 
Lights exploded behind my eyes as I crashed, crying out his name from the intensity of my orgasm. But despite feeling mindless, I refused to stop moving, pulling him along after me.
I wasn’t finished yet. And neither was he.
Being a supernatural creature, or other, came with its advantages. In order for us to handle our abilities, we needed increased energies and metabolisms. Because of that, we could regenerate faster and stay active for longer than humans. That meant we could enjoy each other as long as we wanted without our bodies tiring or growing sore.
And I couldn’t think of a better way to start our wedding day.
An hour and several orgasms later for both of us, we showered and headed for the massive walk-in closet while my mind began to wander.
When I turned twenty-one almost three months before, I thought my biggest problems consisted of figuring out my life as a university graduate with a writing career and book deal for my first novel. I didn’t know the dangers that awaited me. 
A week after Gramma’s death, and the morning after I first glimpsed Connor, I stumbled into a woman that I knew was other because of the black aura that surrounded her. I didn’t know until she tried to kill me that the black in her aura meant she was a dark witch. Power-hungry. Stealing magic from others and thriving on chaos. And not afraid to kill for it. 
At the time, I was clueless. I didn’t know the supernatural world was shattered, full of fear, secrets, and death. I didn’t know much of anything, really. Without Connor there to rescue me at the last second, I would’ve died that day. 
That was when I knew I wouldn’t survive without help. And since he saved my life, I felt comfortable enough to ask him for it.
Despite the inherent dangers of helping me, without any obligation to do so, Connor still agreed. What we found was far beyond anything we ever imagined. I wasn’t a normal witch at all. 
I was like a reincarnation of a special type of witch that existed long ago, thought to be long extinct. To say that I was surprised to realize I was an Earthen witch, destined to fix everything about our broken supernatural world and protect the creatures living in it, would be an understatement. 
Unlike me, as a light witch, he was confined to regular moon magic. And, though he was a witch, albeit a very powerful one, he saved me from a woman he knew before she darkened. He helped me. Protected me. Loved me. And without him, I would’ve died many times over, just like he would have, too, if I wasn’t there to save him. 
In the name of survival, around a month before, we completed a supernatural marriage. A binding of souls. It triggered his transition into an Earthen, which doubled our chances of defeating our foes — the ones that didn’t want us to fix the broken world. 
Becoming Earthen meant everything he knew of spell casting and witchcraft was turned on its head. Gone were the necessities of traditional moon magic, and its limits of power. We just needed to want something to happen and our magic would comply. That was the will. And emotions fueled it — an awful lot of it. That made our power almost limitless. 
Though Connor was still learning, he was improving every day. Unleashing his power that morning when we made love was a testament to that.
It was hard to imagine how far we came in such a short time. It felt like much longer, from everything that happened and all we learned.
Enough to last a lifetime.
Despite all the dangers we faced and still awaited us, we were happy. And we promised each other that we would marry for all the right reasons. 
We wanted to do it out of love, not as a means of survival.
And, god, but it felt right.
Our troubles were far from over. But we were surviving. That was all that mattered.
Life was never easy. Even by human standards.
For the first time in what felt like forever, we thought we’d reached an impasse in the war to restore the chaotic world. One that would give us a few moments to breathe.
We didn’t know it yet, but we were wrong.
Again.
Chapter 2



For safety, Connor and I spent most of our time in a massive, supernatural group home, called a nest. While those were often associated with the undead, ours was a rather diverse group. Liam, its revered leader, was a vampire that lived over half a millennium. But, despite his age, he wasn’t a misogynist.
Since Earthens were treated like royalty in the supernatural world, he deferred to me and Connor for decisions. He still provided for his people — trusted friends, family, and willing blood donors — it didn’t matter what they were, no one was left wanting. 
Though there were only subtle differences in each of the suites, they were largely the same. Even the vast walk-in closets oozed with luxury. 
Gleaming, mahogany floors were bordered with gold inlaid into the wood. Crystal sconces and chandeliers cast a soft, warm glow and shimmered off the smooth surfaces. The monstrous four-poster beds were hand-carved and twice the size of a normal king, topped with lush materials. 
Between the closets and massive bathrooms stood a hearth, flickering and dancing with orange and red firelight, only adding to the warm glow of each space. And while the bathrooms often reflected the same stone that donned the fireplaces, they each sported a massive steam shower and an ivory, egg-shaped tub big enough for two.
Ours was furnished with one theme — sensuality. The carvings on the bed depicted various couples in different stages of sexual bliss while the sheets were a red satin, covered with a thick, soft black fur blanket. The stone was a deep obsidian hue while the walls were a similar shade of deep red, only fueling the theme of the space.
It was dark, romantic, and set us both on edge with desire, as if we needed more of it.
Liam, for all intents and purposes, the man I wished was my father, took us in with open arms. It didn’t matter to us that he was a vampire. And it didn’t matter that he didn’t often betray his emotions — his actions said enough about how much he cared for his people. Even me.
It was quite an adjustment from my disturbing beginnings and humble, bohemian-styled furnishings at the house I shared with my grandmother before her death, but it was our home away from home.
As Connor pulled on his pants, I struggled to keep from attacking him with unspent passion. I was certain my aura mirrored the vivid redness that undulated in his.
Instead, I focused on my breathing as I slipped into my new matching white silk panties and a strapless bra. Then I unzipped the bag that held the dress that the vampire provided for the occasion, and I gasped.
The ivory silk shimmered against the low light in the room. And it felt divine as I ran my fingers over the flawless material. It looked more expensive than most of the furniture in my inherited house, but that was Liam. He wasn’t afraid to show his wealth in meaningful ways. 
Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Connor approach and my gaze flickered to him. 
His silken brown hair was long, covering the back of his neck as it curtained around the sides of his face, reaching almost to the edge of his stubbled jaw. I knew that it felt better against my skin than I thought possible. Those deep, brown eyes pierced me. It felt like he could see me. All of me. Right down to my soul. I could stare into his eyes forever and never grow tired of it.
But then his lips distracted me. With a perfect curve to them, they were just the right amount of thickness that made my mouth water with the desire to kiss him whenever I looked at them. 
I forgot about my dress as I let my gaze travel over the rest of him. 
The top buttons of his crisp white shirt were open, revealing a peppering of hair on his chest. His pants were black and the material hugged him in all the right places. Even without his jacket, socks, and shiny shoes, he looked mouthwatering. 
God, but he always looked good enough to eat.
In that moment, I wanted nothing more than to tear his clothes away and have my way with him, but we were running out of time. 
That didn’t stop me from licking my lips. “You look amazing,” I purred.
He snorted and then said, “Let’s get you in this dress.”
When Connor finished pulling up the hidden zipper along the side, I faced the tall, ornate mirror on the back wall of our closet and my jaw hit the floor. 
Liam couldn’t have picked a better dress if he tried. It fit me just right, hugged my athletic, yet curvy figure, and flowed over me, continuing until it pooled around me on the floor. 
With my long, curly brown hair falling around my shoulders and ending at the middle of my back, combined with my peaches-and-cream complexion and my blue eyes, I almost didn’t recognize myself.
“Wow,” Connor said, low, as his gaze traveled over me. “You are breathtaking.”
I smiled back at the man I loved. I couldn’t help myself. Turning around, I kissed him. Since he stood six inches taller than my five-and-a-half feet, his hair tickled against my cheeks as he bent his head down. 
When he pulled back, I didn’t expect what he did next. 
His hand brushed over my belly in a reverent caress, reminding me in that little gesture how happy he was. “It wouldn’t be perfect without this.” 
That much was true. It was like icing on the cake that we found out only a few days before that we were pregnant. Given the circumstances that surrounded it, we were surprised, to say the least. But it was a welcomed addition. We were still wrapping our heads around the idea that we were expecting. 
It was another beast entirely to process how quickly our child would arrive. Pregnancies for others moved much faster than humans due to our heightened metabolisms. But, based on our limited information, Earthen pregnancies were faster still — three months from conception to full-term birth. 
Even though I wasn’t showing much yet, that would quickly change.
I smiled at what the future would bring us.
Bending down to brush his lips over mine for a long moment, he said, “I am so lucky to have both of you.” He let his words linger in the air between us. 
In that moment, it took all my willpower to keep the tears at bay. “I feel the same way,” I breathed as I searched his eyes. 
His aura was flaming with color. A mixture of deep pink, purple, and white. Love, contentment, and hope, all rolled together in a vivid display of color. The love he felt for our child was undeniable and I knew, without a doubt, that he would be an amazing father.
A jagged breath rushed out of me and before I realized I moved, I threw my arms around his neck, hugging him. “I love you,” I breathed.
“I love you, Aisling,” he said, returning my embrace. Then his head dipped to my shoulder and he inhaled my scent before pulling back to look at me with a grin. “Now, let’s go get married.” 

Brown County State Park was minutes from Liam’s opulent home. It was nestled against Nashville, the small town in Indiana we called home. Surrounded by endless trees, rolling hills, and farmlands, it was like a fairy tale. The park itself was the state’s largest, at just over twenty-four square miles, and it drew plenty of tourists.
Nashville made a name for itself, inviting people with its friendly, small-town feel and dozens of little shops with even more places to stay to enjoy the town and surrounding scenery. It wasn’t always the most convenient place to live, but it was home. 
Our destination wasn’t on any map. It was a clearing in the park, discovered by my grandmother before I was born. It was her sacred space. Tucked away, beyond the reach of any trails, it was spelled to keep anything that wasn’t other out. 
It held significance to Connor and me, not only from the time we spent there together, but because of my grandmother too. If it wasn’t for her, he wouldn’t have returned to pay his respects after her death and found me.
Despite not knowing my name, he still looked for me. What he found was a clueless new witch that needed help. That was when he brought me to Gramma’s clearing.
The space itself was straight out of a dream. Instead of grass, it was blanketed in primroses, my grandmother’s favorite flower. Even that first time I saw it, at the beginning of November, the desiccated flowers were beautiful to me.
The arched bridge that allowed dry passage over a small creek that passed along the outer edge of the clearing was what caught my attention when I first entered the space. As soon as I touched the smooth wood railing, a memory of my childhood in that place returned.
It was brief, but powerful. A moment, many years before in that very place, when I was happy with my mother and my grandmother. A moment when I felt safe and not the scared and broken child I always thought I was. When the memory faded into nothing, I started sobbing. 
Without thinking, I turned to Connor, the witch I hardly knew. I wrapped my arms around him and cried. His strong arms circled me and it was then that he realized he was falling in love with me. Since then, rather than hiding my pain, turning to him for comfort was my first instinct. 
That bridge was the start of us. 
And I couldn’t think of a better place to marry him.
As we walked, we were surrounded by more than just allies and friends. They were family. 
Among them was my not-so-human best friend, Angela, walking to my left alongside her alpha werewolf husband, Salvatore, and adopted son, Peter. Though she, too, discovered the existence of the supernatural, hidden away from humanity, she wasn’t the only one that found herself right in the middle of it all. With an abundance of new, strange powers. 
Though her journey was different than mine, she found her place. Her home. 
With all of us.
Connor’s best friend, the majestic two-hundred-and-fifty-pound white werewolf, Shadow, trotted ahead of us. Though the wolf was just as dominant and deadly as Salvatore, he tended to stay in that form and behaved more like a very large family pet. Angela’s gray, Russian Blue cat scuttled next to him. But, like everyone else in our group, Bugs was far from ordinary.
The newest member of our group was Liam’s biological father, the inspiration behind Bram Stoker’s Dracula and the catalyst to humanity’s fascination with vampires — Vlad Tepes, walking to Connor’s right with Liam beside him. Not only was he very real and very alive — well, undead, but he was the son of an Earthen witch, which made him a formidable ally. 
There was a blur of wings, like a hummingbird in flight, flitting ahead of us before it landed on Shadow’s furred back. Once it stopped moving, Puffle came into view with a grin. 
He looked like a normal person, except that he was only four inches tall. The pixie was the patriarch of the family that lived in the garden at my house and he was one of us, devoted to setting the supernatural world back to rights once more. 
“Ooh, I almost forgot, Spirals,” the pixie began, using one of my many nicknames. “I’ve been thinking about how to solve that little healing problem we’ve encountered recently.”
My eyebrows shot into my hairline at his words. 
I knew from bitter experience how painful and devastating it was to not have access to quick healing.
Under normal circumstances, if Connor was hurt, I could heal him in a matter of seconds. And he could do the same for me — once he figured out how. But if that wasn’t possible, we relied on the healing properties of Liam and Vlad’s special, Earthen-friendly blood. 
Any other vampire’s blood, unless spelled, would act as poison to us. Without the two vampires, healing at a normal rate, as opposed to seconds, could be a matter of life and death. 
“We might be able to make a potion. It may not be as fast, but it would speed up the process.”
I smiled back at him. “Do you have any ideas on where to start?”
With a nod, he said, “I believe so.”
Relief washed over me. “That would be fantastic. I’d rather not attempt to spell a vampire again until I know how.” I stepped over a fallen branch and suppressed a shiver at the memory of tasting poisoned blood. “Speaking of which, Liam, do you remember how your Earthen spelled you?”
“My dear,” he began with that unmistakeable old-world European accent, “I am afraid I do not know for certain.” Though I could only see his profile out of my peripheral vision, I knew the vampire was shaking his head as he spoke. 
My shoulders fell, but before I could say anything, he continued, “During my first term serving as guard, the Earthen gave me a concoction, but I was unable to discern its ingredients before she used her magic to complete the spell. It was, shall we say,” he paused, choosing his words with care, “an uncomfortable process.”
For a vampire like Liam that lived over five hundred years, admitting his discomfort meant that the process probably hurt like a bitch. It made sense, because his blood needed to change on a molecular level to provide its healing effects to an Earthen. “I think it’s at least worth investigating.”
“I agree. We will need every advantage.”
Under his words, I thought I heard sadness. I didn’t need to ask to know what bothered him. If the situation were reversed, and he was hurt, I’d feel the same way. “If it makes you feel any better, you will always be the one to heal me if Connor can’t.” 
“My dear Aisling, it most certainly does.”
A smile stretched across my face at his words. Revealing his feelings like that was rare. Even more so in front of so many people. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed orange brightening in Connor’s aura and a quick glance proved he was smiling too. It took my breath away.
God, but he looks gorgeous when he smiles.
Despite the cold on that early Christmas afternoon, it didn’t bother me. It was one of the perks of being Earthen. Though we could burn or develop frostbite if we weren’t careful, we didn’t feel hot or cold the way normal people would.
I felt perfectly fine walking through the woods in fifteen-degree weather wearing a sleeveless, ivory silk dress.
But then I forgot what I was thinking about as we stepped out onto the clearing and Liam took his position on the bridge.
Once everyone gathered around, and Connor and I stood at its base, Liam’s green eyes flashed against the early afternoon sun. 
That was one of the obvious indicators of what he was — like a cat’s eyes, the light would refract against an undead creature’s eyes if it hit them right. 
A lack of melanin in the skin and absence of body heat were other giveaways. But it was easy to hide and still pass as a human. Despite those retractable fangs and an occasional need for blood, they also ate food. Though they did possess enhanced speeds and senses, it wasn’t difficult to mask them. 
It was even easier to blend in around others, if they didn’t look too closely, since the undead didn’t emit auras due to straddling the line between life and death. 
Because of that, I didn’t know what Liam was thinking in that moment as he regarded us.
He looked the same as always, wearing an expensive black suit with a crimson tie, like he was ready for a board meeting. Though his perfectly trimmed beard and the way his sandy blond hair fell over his head made him look like he could live a double life as a surfer, he still carried an air of authority around him. 
He was everything I hoped a father could be. Loyal, protective, and deadly to anything that threatened him or anyone he cared about. Instead of being a protector, my step-father was the opposite. 
Martin was a sociopath and I was his victim. He preyed on me. And in many ways, it shaped me into the person I was. Leaving me with PTSD and all my flaws. After he discovered I was a witch, he hurt me and the ones I loved. All in an effort to have unlimited power as a dark witch. But he wanted me to suffer before he took my power and killed me. 
I managed to kill him first.
If I grew up with a father like Liam, I would have felt safe and loved, not scared and alone. I wasn’t sure who I would’ve been if it wasn’t for everything Martin put me through. I wasn’t sure I wanted to find out.
Either way, I was happy that Liam was the one officiating our wedding. 
 “We are here to join Connor Jennings and Aisling Green in marriage. In this place, you have chosen to become one. Please face each other.”
Once we were in position, the pink in Connor’s aura intensified. Then Liam continued, “Connor, your vows.” 
My mate reached down, took my hands in his, and lifted them. With every word he spoke, the pink of his aura deepened. “Aisling, you of all people know that finding the right words isn’t easy. Everything about you has brought me to life. And I will love you through this lifetime and beyond, until I no longer exist. No matter what happens, my heart is yours.”
Then he slipped a white gold ring on my finger.
Moments passed as I struggled to keep myself from crying. Then Liam prompted, “Aisling, your vows.”
I took a deep breath, reigning in my emotions as best I could, and then began speaking in a trembling voice. “From the first moment I saw you, I knew you were different. It was then that I felt you were the one for me, but I didn’t know it at the time. All of me -- including my soul -- is in your hands.” 
Despite my best efforts, the happiness and love I felt for my mate overwhelmed me and I unleashed with sparks arcing into his hands. He didn’t let go, he just squeezed my fingers and I watched as his eyes turned white in response. Though his aura wasn’t molten red, it was close. I knew it wasn’t desire he felt in those moments. 
“You are my life, Connor. For as long as I exist, you are my strength and my heart is yours,” as I finished, my voice cracked. Then, I pushed his ring on his finger.
“Connor, Aisling,” Liam said with a proud smile, “you are now husband and wife.”
Before Liam could prompt us to kiss, the deep pink in Connor’s aura shifted to red as a combination of other colors started to swirl through it, which I was certain reflected mine. It was, without a doubt, one of the happiest moments in my life. 
His hands flashed to my face before I realized he moved, and then he kissed me, hard. Arms wrapping around my middle, he pulled me against him as I reached around his neck, pushing my fingers into his silken hair. 
And I forgot our friends were with us. 
God, but I love the way he tastes.
Too soon, he pulled back and rested his forehead against mine. “I love you,” he whispered. 
I smiled again and kissed him lightly. 
We held each other like that for several long moments until a voice reverberated across the clearing. The sound echoed across the expanse and all that joy I felt evaporated in an instant.
No. That can’t be real.
It belonged to someone that couldn’t be there.
The voice of someone that was killed right in front of our eyes. 
A voice, with that same, perfect pitch that I recognized as ice slid down my spine. 
It belonged to the dark witch that tried to kill me for my power, Connor’s ex-girlfriend, Zoe.
But that wasn’t all. 
Someone else was with her. And it was as if they were speaking as one.
His voice sent the craggy fingers of a flashback crawling up my neck, ready to drag me under. It belonged to the man that haunted my nightmares, my memories, and my childhood.
It belonged to the man I killed.
My step-father, Martin.
From seemingly all around us, he spoke alongside Zoe in her unmistakable Australian accent, “Isn’t this precious.”
Chapter 3



Ice gripped my spine and spread outward with renewed vigor, wrapping itself around bone, muscle, and sinew as my panicked gaze locked on Connor. He, too, recognized those voices as he took my hands and squeezed in an attempt to comfort me and ease my rising fear. 
All the while, his eyes remained white. How he was still unleashed after the sudden arrival of two people that were supposed to be dead, I didn’t know. But I could see the shock in his features and a fearful gray overpowering his aura. 
The rest of our group didn’t need any other incentive to be on guard. 
But there was one big problem.
It wasn’t that both Zoe and Martin should have been dead and rotting in the ground that plagued me. After all, Connor’s mantra of everything is real and possible was a good one to remember. It was all the questions that passed through my mind in quick succession.
It wasn’t how our enemies were alive. Nor was it how their collective voice traveled all around us as if they were everywhere and nowhere at once. We could find out those answers later. Whatever the cause, they were there, somewhere out of sight. Taunting us.
There were only two questions that mattered in that moment. What were they were capable of? And what did they want? The former was anyone’s guess, but the latter wasn’t so mysterious. Up until the moment I killed him, my step-father wanted me to suffer before taking my power and my life. I didn’t think his aspirations changed.
But with their sudden and disturbing reveal, I didn’t know if any of us were equipped to deal with the situation. 
God, but did anyone think to bring weapons to the wedding? Would we need them?
Despite being much faster than humans, Connor and I didn’t possess heightened senses or increased physical strength. That meant magic was our greatest defense. Considering we were dealing with two people that were dark witches before they died, I didn’t think weapons were going to offer much help.
Unless our friends concealed them, they didn’t have anything other than their teeth, hands, or claws to defend themselves. They were plenty deadly on their own, but I wasn’t sure what waited for us if we needed to fight. 
The voices sounded again, but that time, it was laughter. Everyone’s eyes traveled around the clearing, looking for the source of that dual, haunting voice, but we found nothing. A combination of unease and terror continued to emanate from my spine and spread like frost outward. 
Just like that, the last of the positive emotions from marrying Connor were gone, replaced by fear and something else growing with relentless intensity. 
Something deadly.
Red washed over my vision as my blood began to boil, making me forget about the encroaching ice on my back. Thunderous clouds erupted overhead and lightning flashed into the late December sky. 
In the back of my mind, I realized I made a seamless transition from being unleashed out of love to rage. I never did that before. Anger like that, so intense it caused me to unleash, made me both dangerous and volatile, like unstable nitroglycerine. 
I knew how I looked. My eyes were no longer white. They were red.
But then something more important came to mind, and I forgot what I was thinking.
In the beginning, I wanted to help Zoe. I wanted to save her from the darkness that consumed her. For Connor and their history. But my step-father murdered her before I could try. Because, aside from being a woman, she was the only other witch powerful enough to stop him and his quest to become the most powerful creature in existence. 
Hearing her voice in tandem with his was enough to make me change that desire to save her. 
Whatever was happening, they were alive. Working together. And despite not killing unless it was necessary, I felt an intense desire to rip their heads off their shoulders at my first opportunity. If the last person that tried to hurt my family was any indication, I knew how to do that with my magic.
Power pulsed out of my body like a shockwave, pushing everyone but my mate backward a step, but not enough to throw them off balance. It was as if a stiff breeze erupted from me.
Under normal circumstances, only a tiny bit of magic was required to search for living things within my vicinity, like a metaphysical radar. But I never sensed anything aside from our friends and some random, small critters that scurried through the woods.
The further I searched, the more magic I needed. And as the clouds above us continued to build in response to my rage, I found nothing. 
Noticing my failed attempt at using magic to locate them, Zoe and Martin’s laughter hung in the air once more, inciting my anger to grow. My ears rang with the sound and it drowned out everything else.
Connor’s cool hands gripped my face, pulling my attention to him. His arms were outstretched above him to contact my skin. 
That was when I realized I was levitating. But it didn’t come as a surprise, since I tended to do that when I unleashed without paying attention to what I was doing. 
My gaze flickered down and locked with his. They were brown again with that same fearful gray undulating around an angry green. I was willing to bet everyone else felt the same combination of emotions. His thumbs caressed my cheeks, pulling me out of my thoughts and coaxing me to focus on him.
At first, I didn’t know why he wanted to pull my attention away, but then I remembered. I didn’t like to channel rage. Harnessing that kind of anger made me feel wrong. Like I was the worst version of myself. If not for him and his attempt to refocus my attention, I didn’t know how long I would have continued to burn with it, not caring how I would feel after. 
His mouth moved and it made me pause, but I couldn’t tell what he said. That ringing of laughter in my ears continued to echo, drowning out everything else. Whatever he was trying to say, I needed to know. So I willed my body down to the base of the bridge and kept my gaze locked with his. 
Those brown eyes flickered back and forth between mine. And then he took a slow, steady inhale, letting me see his shoulders lift and then fall as he exhaled. 
I blinked. He was trying to calm me down. 
Just breathe, Aisling.
Since I could still react at a moment’s notice if needed, I breathed him in and willed myself to calm, letting my eyes close as his scent of wood smoke filled my lungs.
His thumbs caressed my cheeks once more and I reveled in the sensation of that zing of power I felt whenever our skin made contact. By the time I opened my eyes, my ears were no longer ringing with malevolent laughter, and I wasn’t seeing red. Instead of looking away, Connor held my gaze and I forced myself to stay in his eyes. 
“Alright?” he breathed.
When I nodded after a long moment, his hands were gone from my face. He stepped off the bridge and moved toward our friends, pulling me with him. Before we took another step, that dual, Australian accented voice called out into the otherwise silent afternoon in a bored tone, “Stay where you are or we will kill them all.”
Connor froze and squeezed my hand. We didn’t know if what they promised was more than an idle threat, but, until we could figure out what was happening, we weren’t going to take any chances.
“How have you been since we died, hmm?” the dual voices asked. “We’ve kept you busy, haven’t we?” They laughed again, but instead of unleashing, I forced myself to breathe and held Connor’s hand in a death grip.
Martin asked, “You remember that destroyer demon, right?” There was a breathy chuckle before he added, “You’re welcome, by the way.”
The blood drained from my face. I remembered him, alright. He killed hundreds of people before I was able to stop him, including several members of our group. My gaze flickered to Jon, Liam’s second-in-command.
Standing at seven feet tall, he wasn’t just the biggest vampire I ever saw, he was the biggest man, too. 
His bulky muscles bulged through the material of his expensive black tuxedo. It stood in stark contrast to his tanned, yet pale, bald head, glistening against the stormy, early afternoon light. Sadness washed over me. His girlfriend was the only fallen vampire we weren’t able to revive as a ghoul after the demon was killed.
The light glinted off Puffle’s wings, twitching as he sat on Vlad’s shoulder in his tiny suit with his mouth hanging open from the unbearable knowledge that his eldest children — triplets — were killed in that same fight.
My heart broke all over again at the memory of those three teenagers, eager to prove their worth. From the perfect synchronization of their tiny voices and how they’d giggle and clap their hands made me miss them so much more. Those three were heroes. 
Their sacrifice saved Connor’s life. 
All of that grief could have been avoided.
We thought both Zoe and Martin were dead, but they weren’t. How that was possible or how they were able to muster up the kind of power required to summon a demon were questions I couldn’t yet answer. Regardless, their actions were unforgivable.
My emotions fought for dominance. Part of me wanted nothing more than to embrace that rage once more and unleash. But the other part felt the chasm of lives that were lost.
Because of me.
If it wasn’t for my failure, the three pixies and the beautiful, blonde vampire would still be alive. Zoe and Martin wouldn’t have been on a mission to destroy me or the world. They would be rotting in the ground where they belonged.
It was enough to make me want to crumble beneath all that pressure. 
“That’s right,” they went on. “We’ve been here the whole time, watching you fools running around like chickens without heads.” They laughed together in perfect harmony and it grated on my nerves.
Killing someone wasn’t an option for me unless it was necessary. In that moment, I knew, those two, whatever they were, needed to die. It was very fucking necessary.
They did too much.
I didn’t care how, but I wouldn’t stop until they were dead. 
Or I would die trying.
Chapter 4



Despite all that magic I used in an effort to search for the source of their voices, I couldn’t find Zoe or Martin. It was as if they were nothing more than the wind. And that was a scary thought. 
The most obvious of my radar was Angela and that immense, ethereal white light that seemed to emanate from within her. Where her feet met the frozen ground beneath her, tiny tendrils of light spread outward. It was her connection with all living things — probably the smallest of her recent changes that helped her become a formidable Shamaness. 
Not far away, Bugs emitted a similar source of light. 
As the son of the goddess Sekhmet, the ancient Egyptian Sphinx that stood as gatekeeper and guide between realms, his job was no different. At around five-thousand-years-old, he was by far the oldest creature we knew. 
One by one, I accounted for every member of our group. I caught Peter, the seven-year-old ghost that Angela and Salvatore adopted from the Spirit Realm, registering to me as an empty pocket of space that shimmered around the edges, like the last of a dying light bulb. 
Then I found the earthy signatures of the two werewolves and the electrified air that represented the undead. And, while Connor stood beside me, still gripping my hand, he glowed with raw power.
Scanning the nearby area beyond our group, I felt nothing but small critters scurrying in the underbrush beyond the edge of the clearing. We all heard those haunting voices, and yet we couldn’t find either of them.
God, but what the hell is going on?
One instant, there was nothing there — nothing I could see with my eyes or magic — and the next, Zoe was there. The beautiful woman I watched my step-father murder just popped into existence near the edge of the clearing.
I thought I saw something fall to the ground by her foot, but I was too busy gaping to worry about it. Standing there was the dark witch, Zoe, looking as formidable as the day she died. Not only was she very much alive, but she looked more sinister than ever. Considering how I remembered her, I didn’t think it was possible.
And that was saying something. 
It wasn’t her long, straight, raven hair, or her skin that was so pale she could pass for a vampire. But where her eyes were once a pale green with an outer rim of black, they were different. 
Complete black. 
No hints of an iris or the whites. They were deep, dark wells of nothingness that swallowed the light. 
Despite her altered appearance, she was still beautiful. 
I only saw something like that once before, in my sleep. My magic allowed me to unwittingly see through the eyes of a human woman as she was killed by four dark witches — each with those same obsidian eyes. Of all the strange dream-sights I ever experienced, that was one of the scariest.
I wasn’t sure what terrified me more -- the fact that Zoe wasn’t dead, or that her eyes were the same.
Aside from that, she looked the same as I remembered, wearing her usual black attire. Though she stood a few inches taller than my five-and-a-half foot frame, the stiletto heels on her leather boots put her almost at Connor’s height of six feet. 
Her pants hugged her hips, thighs, and calves like a second skin, highlighting her slim physique. And a billowy top that revealed more cleavage than was appropriate peeked out from beneath a leather jacket that matched her boots, left open to allow her to move if she needed to fight.
For a moment, her gaze locked with mine and I felt a desire to keep staring. It took a moment, but I resisted and dropped my eyes. Remembering what I witnessed in my dream, I knew what would happen if anyone looked into her eyes for too long. They would be lost. 
Possibly forever.
I wasn’t sure if anyone knew that, so I whispered, “Don’t look in her eyes,” knowing most of my friends could hear me. 
Glancing around to make sure no one was caught in them, I saw Peter’s filmy visage inching his way behind his adoptive parents with a look of confusion on his mangled face -- a testament to his appearance at the moment of death. Angela whispered something down to him, but I couldn’t hear what she said. With a slight nod, the boy kept his gaze lowered.
If the situation was different, I would have laughed. It looked like everyone was staring at Zoe’s cleavage. For all I knew, that was the case. 
But then my eyes flickered up to Connor and I froze. 
His gaze was too high. 
Magic pulsed out of me like a gust of wind, but it didn’t break the connection. Without hesitation, I unleashed. But instead of anger, it was from love. Sparks erupted from my fingertips and I reached up to my mate’s face, to force him to turn away from her. 
But before my hands made contact, a white light erupted from his chest. To my senses, it felt like a rubber band snapped as his eyes flickered down to mine. He blinked, shivered as if he was cold, and then I felt the power of his magic come rushing back into his body.
It was then that I knew Zoe tried to siphon his magic. Through her eyes. But his shield activated and stopped the trance she held over him. How she was able to do that without uttering a spell or vibrating with a low thrum of power, I didn’t know. 
I let out the breath I didn’t realize I was holding and forced myself to breathe as I turned back to her. 
Unlike when Connor’s shield was triggered before, she didn’t fly backward from the force of it. It just broke the connection of their eyes, cutting off her attempt to steal his power. I didn’t know what that meant, but she stood there with a knowing grin and more fear washed over me. 
Something else was going on. My step-father didn’t yet reveal himself. I didn’t know where he was or his role in what was happening. 
Where was he? What was he doing?
Silence wasn’t like him. He liked to gloat and try to tear me down as much as possible.
But when Zoe spoke again, the blood drained from my face. “Oh, I’m sorry,” she sneered, “was that shield supposed to hurt me?” 
The problem wasn’t her question. 
It was her voice.
Martin wasn’t hidden somewhere out of sight, speaking with Zoe in perfect synchronization. Their voices were both coming from her. Somehow, both of them were inhabiting the same body.
Despite accepting the mantra of everything is possible, what was happening in front of us was the last thing I ever imagined. Some kind of magic allowed them to join, that much I knew. It was at odds with everything I understood of human physiology and witnessed from the supernatural world.
Two people speaking from the same body — through one set of vocal cords. And if what I was seeing was correct, both were in control, it wasn’t possession — or at least, it wasn’t any kind I ever heard about.
As Zoe’s eerie, black eyes watched me try to make sense of what was happening, her hands reached up and cupped her breasts. “I have to say, it’s quite convenient having these to play with.” To my surprise, Zoe’s voice was gone, even her Australian accent. 
The words were Martin’s. 
Revulsion washed over me with a chaser of sadness. Despite Zoe’s evil ways, I still felt remorse for her. There she was, sharing her body with a sociopath that liked to prey on women and children. 
I caught a faint look of disgust on her face, but then it cleared so fast, I wondered if I ever saw it.
That small exchange told me something very valuable. 
Their control wasn’t equal. It was possible for one to act apart from the other.
Zoe’s delicate pale hands fell away from her breasts and she turned her attention to Liam, still standing behind us on the arched bridge. His shoulders were forward, like he was ready to spring into action. Then I realized all of our friends were in a similar position.
They were waiting. It wasn’t hard to guess why.
No one knew what to expect -- even Liam. And that was rare. 
Until we knew more or were forced to fight, we were going to wait.
Zoe’s tongue clicked in mock disappointment at the vampire. “Of all the people here, we thought you would figure it out.” A small smile crept into her features as her eyes shifted to my best friend, “And what a sorry excuse for a Guardian you are. We already knew you were useless there, but those new skills are quite inconvenient.”
Angela was our Guardian of Information. Her normal duties included tracking supernatural goings-on and maintaining lore in her vault. Before she was ours, she worked as Nashville’s head librarian. As with other neutrals, Guardians were required to provide what was asked of them, regardless of its intended outcome. 
When she found out what I was, she vowed to keep me safe, leaving behind her neutrality for good. Despite her efforts and meticulous record-keeping, her vault was still far from complete.
And though she was still technically human as a powerful Shamaness, she no longer counted herself among them. For good reason, too. Her newfound abilities went much deeper.
Then, without Zoe’s voice, Martin said, “Too bad I didn’t kill her when I had the chance. I won’t make the same mistake again.”
A snarl escaped from Salvatore in response, but Angela’s hand flashed out and gripped his wrist, forcing him to stop. He was bound to Angela in both human and supernatural standards and because of that, it went against every instinct to let that threat go unchallenged. 
My power fanned out again, searching. They were stalling. For what reason was a question I couldn’t yet answer. Even after her sudden appearance, I couldn’t sense Zoe’s presence. She wasn’t even a blip on my magical radar.
And as I sensed a blockade around the clearing that wasn’t there when I first searched the area around us, I knew something bad was about to happen.
Chapter 5



I didn’t know what they were waiting for. But I knew none of us would like it. Everyone seemed to understand that we were at an impasse and they weren’t dropping their guard. 
Zoe’s attention shifted to Vlad and her grin widened. “So, Dracula, how does it feel to have freedom again?” The question was enough to tell us that those two were somehow involved in our troubles with the Voodoo Queen of New Orleans. 
The one I killed by removing her head from her shoulders. With magic. 
“Very nice,” Vlad responded without emotion, but I thought I caught the red in his eyes. 
As the son of an Earthen, he could manifest some of his mother’s traits without being a witch. Since undead creatures didn’t cast auras to indicate how they felt, and they were skilled at hiding those emotions — that red glint told me enough. He was livid.
It wasn’t difficult to guess why.
Martin and Zoe liked to gloat about their accomplishments. And for two dark witches that were supposed to be dead for over a month, they were busy little bees. 
God, but was it possible that everything was because of them?
I didn’t know, and I didn’t care.
They were stalling and I needed to figure out why.
I let go of Connor’s hand and stepped toward Zoe, but what happened next surprised me to the point that I froze mid-step.
Magic leaked from her body and she levitated off the ground by about four feet. I felt the darkness of it -- a deep sensation of wrong and evil that pulsed from her.
Seeing her, hovering there like that was enough to set anyone on edge. Power like that was unheard of in dark witches. They either amassed enough power to create a charm to make it happen, or they were strong enough to use will. 
Either way, Zoe wasn’t Earthen. Unless a witch’s life was in danger, the amount of magic required to accomplish something like levitation wasn’t worth the cost of so much power that it required.
Just how powerful is she?
But then something else caught my attention. 
For the first time since she entered the clearing, I realized that Zoe’s black aura was gone. 
Yet I felt her magic. 
That left one of two possibilities.
First, Zoe’s body became a combination of vampire and witch -- according to the lore, that was both dangerous and rare. Though I never met one, it would explain the lack of an aura. Given her already pale skin, it was hard to determine if she was alive or -- well, undead. 
The second was that she figured out how to hide her aura, something I thought would also require a lot of power to accomplish. If she was capable of doing that as well as levitate, then no matter how I looked at it, it didn’t bode well for us.
And yet, something was still missing. The undead registered to me as empty pockets of energy and witches glowed with power. While dark witches felt similar to their lighter counterparts, they were much darker. Other than feeling the dark magic pouring off her, I felt nothing in my radar at all. 
Magic pulsed from me and blasted into Zoe’s body, knocking her backward and to the ground. Her body impacted the frozen surface with a thump as air whooshed from her lungs and the corners of my lips lifted in grim satisfaction.
Undead or alive, at least my magic wasn’t useless against them. 
I could stop them.
The biggest problem was figuring out how much power they possessed. Combining the knowledge that they raised the demon, their invisibility on my magical radar, lack of emitting an aura, levitation by will, and those black eyes — they were more powerful than anything we ever faced before.
I only hoped that my abilities combined with Connor’s would be strong enough against them.
Zoe moved to her feet and I watched as her aura came into view. It looked like thousands of hazy black snakes slithering around her. That answered only two of the many questions running through my head.
That meant she wasn’t a vampire. And it was possible to hide an aura, after all. I made a mental note to figure out how to do that once we finished dealing with them.
Because we were contending with powerful magic, our friends couldn’t help fight against them. And everyone knew it. That metaphysical connection that tethered me to Connor, pointed directly behind me, telling me that he must have realized the same thing and positioned himself to better protect our family of trusted friends.
But then a thought flickered across my mind. 
If Zoe and Martin knew about Vlad’s imprisonment -- combined with the fact that Zoe researched Voodoo before she darkened -- then it was possible that she found help.
Reaching up, Connor’s hands grasped my bare upper arms. I wasn’t sure if the gesture was meant as reassurance, a reminder that I wasn’t alone, or if it was something else. 
Regardless, I took advantage of our contact and sent out more magic, searching the space around us for that distinct signature of Voodoo. Like ghosts, it was tricky to feel with my magic, but I could sense it with concentration. And though the edge of the clearing still felt blocked, I pushed against it.
That was when I felt it. 
Voodoo pushed back.
Ice slid down my spine, but I refused to let the terror overwhelm me.
Without much knowledge or access to that kind of power, fighting against it would prove difficult. But then I thought of a different tactic. It worked once before with my step-father, and I hoped it would again.
“So tell me something, Martin,” I mused, surprised at how calm I sounded. I was anything but, and I was sure everyone knew it. But those deep, obsidian eyes flickered to me and I forced myself to look away.
“What, little whore?” he sneered without the harmony of Zoe’s voice.
“How does it feel to use both Voodoo and magic? I bet that’s quite a rush.”
He laughed. Not just any kind of laugh. It was maniacal. But then, as soon as he started, it cut off. “You always were a little slow, weren’t you?” my step-father sneered. “We’re not using Voodoo.”
As I hoped, Martin’s resurrection did nothing to improve his intelligence. Someone else was responsible for the Voodoo that wrapped around the clearing. I smiled at the two people that thought they were unstoppable, but it wasn’t a genuine smile. It was a show of teeth. 
At least one comforting fact came from the whole ordeal. Their abilities were limited to magic. Which meant we could stop them. Speaking loud enough that anyone beyond the edges of the clearing could hear me, I said, “You do know we killed the Voodoo Queen, right? We can kill anyone else you brought with you.” I let my grin widen a little. 
That statement let everyone know what I sensed. Even Connor, as his grip on my arms tightened by a fraction. Not knowing how many Voodoo practitioners were out there was a problem. But with something strong enough to resist my magic, I was willing to bet there was more than one.
I could push through it if I wanted, but my pregnancy meant my body and power would weaken faster. The last thing I needed was to waste magic. I already used enough as it was. As the seconds ticked by, I realized everyone was waiting for me to make a decision. Connor’s fingers twitched on my arms, a reminder that I could borrow his power if I needed it. 
That gave me two choices. 
Use it to destroy the two people inhabiting Zoe’s body. Or wait to see if they would reveal their true purpose. But before I could do anything, an immense wave of dark power slammed into me.
Chapter 6



When I saw Connor for the first time, the day before Zoe first tried to kill me, my magic slowed time. But it wasn’t something I did with intention. As soon as my gaze settled on him, something stirred within me. 
He was captivating, ethereal. In a way, I feared he was only a figment of my imagination. No one real could possibly be that gorgeous. And yet, there he was. Somewhere, in the back of my mind, the only thing I wanted to do was commit his features to my memory. 
Just like that, all around us, everything moved with exaggerated slowness. Even the cool breeze seemed to stand still. For a fleeting moment, everything seemed weightless. Since I was a clueless new witch, I didn’t understand what was happening. But it seemed, despite that slowness, Connor was unaffected. 
I remembered how each handful of seconds that passed for us, it appeared that, to everyone else, it was no more than a heartbeat. All the while, his expression shifted from interest to confusion, before settling on rapt acknowledgment. 
In the clearing, watching Zoe with her disturbing black eyes, I felt her power wash over me and I knew what it was. Once again, I felt time slow to a crawl. But it was the air around us that was different. It thickened like molasses, strengthening the more I tried to move. 
And whatever she was doing, it wasn’t an accident.
Though the feel of the magic was hers, it seemed to come from everywhere and nowhere at once. It came from all around us. Just like before she popped into existence and she spoke in perfect synchronization with Martin, something was obscuring the source.
Of all the things those two ever did, that slowing of time was never attempted before. What they intended to do with it was anyone’s guess. And while Connor moved with agonizing, deliberate slowness to stand next to me, I could feel Bugs, crouched amongst the desiccated petals of the primroses. His anger wafted off him in waves, and though I couldn’t be sure, I thought I heard growls coming from the gray ball of fur.
And though his true form was far bigger and deadlier, he wasn’t a shapeshifter. Nor was he magical in nature. I wasn’t sure what he could do in his little feline body if he broke free of Zoe’s hold, but he was still trying.
Grim satisfaction washed over the flawless face that our enemies shared and then I heard a few snapping noises before bodies started to fall to the ground.
As much as I wished otherwise, I didn’t need to see it to know what was happening. Those were the sounds of necks snapping — not everyone in our group could survive an injury like that.
Connor’s aura shifted from a sad, deep blue to a brilliant green with his rage as he unleashed his power, turning his eyes red in the same instant. Without hesitation, I followed suit and began to breathe what felt like fire in my chest. 
“Hey,” I shouted with what I called the thousand voices — a sliver of each Earthen witch’s essence, or soul, that lived before was infused within me. At times, they whispered when I needed guidance, but when I unleashed, they could speak with me. 
Before her attention settled on me, power erupted from my body like a cannon and blasted into Zoe’s chest, knocking her body backward. Another wave of power impacted her, pressing her into the ground with a continued flow of magic, but it wasn’t mine. It was Connor’s. 
“You do not threaten my friends,” I growled and lifted my hand as fast as the thick magic around us would allow. I planned to take everything — their power and their souls — and return it to the Earth. Until Zoe’s body was lifeless on the ground, I wasn’t going to stop.
Black smoke erupted from her ears, eyes, nose, and mouth, pooling at her feet as I ripped the magic from her. After a long moment, her ashen hand shot out and power pulsed outward, hitting me so hard, it knocked the wind from my lungs. How I didn’t fall backward, I didn’t know. It felt as if I stood in front of some invisible brick wall.
Before I was able to gulp in the cool air, I watched in horror as those plumes of black smoke reabsorbed into her body. When the last of it was gone, she stood up, grinning.
God, but how in the hell did she do that?
Air filled my screaming lungs, but I couldn’t wait for them to make the next move. “You’re here for me,” I said, still using the thousand voices. Then, I let everything fall away in surrender, adding, “Leave them out of it.”
Connor’s hand tightened around mine. I knew he didn’t like what I was doing, but I couldn’t allow Zoe and Martin to kill our friends. If the situation were reversed, I wouldn’t want him in danger, but I knew he would do it if it meant saving me or our friends. 
Keeping their focus on me was worth it. 
Plus, both dark witches were predictable creatures. I didn’t think they would try to kill me without trying to take my power first. That was a gamble I was willing to make.
“You’re right,” Martin began, speaking on his own. “This was always about you, little bitch.” In all those years enduring his torment on a nightly basis, I dealt with much worse. 
Nothing, not even my expression, changed at his words, and it only succeeded in annoying him. I rolled my eyes, knowing it would incite the man further. 
“You’re going to need to try much harder than that if you want me cowering beneath you, Martin. Thanks to you,” I continued, hoping my plan would work, “I survived torture that made everything you ever did to me seem like child’s play.”
That much was true. Although the emotional damage he inflicted upon me was far worse than anything physical torture did to me, I wasn’t going to tell him that.
A slow grin played at the corners of my mouth and bright green bled into Zoe’s aura. So I kept going. “I fought and killed that demon you sent to destroy the world.” I chuckled grimly. “And I ripped the head from that joke of a Voodoo queen’s body. But you already knew all that. Tell me, Martin,” I sneered, “what makes you think I’m ever going to be afraid of you again?”
Green exploded in Zoe’s aura, and then she was a blur of motion. Fresh fear washed over me as I realized she was neither constrained by the thickness permeating through the clearing, nor limited to human speeds. 
And that was a very dangerous thing. 
Before Connor transitioned to an Earthen, no matter what magic or method he tried, he was never able to move as fast as the undead. How she could manage to match those speeds, I didn’t know. I couldn’t tell if some kind of spell allowed it or if it was somehow tied to what made her eyes change. 
As Earthens, Connor and I were inherently good, strong-willed, and protective of those in need. It seemed Zoe and Martin were the exact opposite. The sinister aura and deep pools of obsidian eyes were just on the outside. Within, there was so much rage and hatred that it felt wrong just to be in their presence. The depth of their evil wasn’t something I wanted to explore. 
Connor’s ex was a dark witch for years by the time my step-father killed her. And, if my childhood was any indication, he was already malicious and wanted everyone — especially women — beneath him. That was his nature as a sociopath. 
Based on everything that happened up to that point, I didn’t know how much remained of Zoe before darkening or if there was anything left worth saving. In that moment, I didn’t care to find out.
In the brief instant it took for her to reach us, all of that passed through my mind. Her fist reared back, poised to strike, before I could try to keep from flinching, something happened. Something I didn’t expect.
Connor’s arm shot out as he pushed through the magic that held us in slow motion. I wasn’t sure how he broke through, but his forearm prevented her fist from impacting my face. 
Twisting his hand around, he followed through the motion to grip Zoe’s arm. In the next instant, he landed a blow to her elbow with his other hand. By the time the sound of a bone cracking hit my ears, he stood in front of me in a defensive position, cutting off my view from her.
With my slow movements, I attempted to take a step back, but I lost my footing in a divot in the ground, falling backward into something hard. Though he didn’t catch me, I heard the grunt as I impacted his chest. 
It was Liam. 
Before I managed to catch my balance, Connor was fighting Zoe. Terror washed over me as my eyes struggled to see what was happening. I didn’t know how much Zoe knew of Connor’s unique blend of martial arts, but, despite her initial surprise, she handled herself well. Even with her arm dangling at an odd angle.
In the brief instances they stilled enough for me to see them, I realized Connor was maintaining a defensive stance, not trying to hurt his ex-girlfriend’s body any further. I wasn’t sure why, when she and Martin were both willing to do whatever they could to see us killed. 
God, but maybe Connor thinks she can be saved. 
I knew how much he cared for her before she darkened. If he loved her or not didn’t matter. Her descent into darkness hurt him on a deep level. And I saw the pain written on his face when she died in front of us. It was burned into my memory like a brand.
Was it possible that the witch he knew before darkening was still in there? Capable of coming back from all of that?
I blinked and found myself using sight. With Liam’s attention focused on the fast-moving fight, I could see my head at the base of his vision. But through his eyes, I could see them grappling without the blurriness.
When I first learned the ability, I thought it was done by accident or at will. But in time, I learned more. In emergencies, it was possible for Liam to pull me in. And if I pushed deeper into my host’s mind, I could hear thoughts, communicate, and sometimes delve into memories.
I knew right away that the vampire wanted to talk to me, so, I pushed deeper.
Aisling!
Liam? What the hell is going on?
I do not know. We are all frozen and you are hindered by it, but not completely. You must release the hold that is on us or we cannot help you.
Before I could hurl more questions at the vampire, the sight ended, thrusting me back into my body. My mate was still fighting and I could see the blurred edges of his stiffened shoulders. That told me he was using all of his strength to match the speed of Zoe’s attacks, but he was still too slow. 
Even without the use of her arm, Zoe reacted to Connor’s moves with ease. It was only a matter of time before she would defeat him and I couldn’t let that happen.
Liam was right. We were useless against whatever magic Zoe was using against us, and since Connor was trying to protect everyone, including me, that gave me a chance to break their hold.
Maybe then, we might be lucky enough to stop them. 
A girl could dream, anyway.
Just as that thought crossed my mind, I watched in horror as Zoe’s dangling arm snapped back into place. Though were-animals, ghouls, and vampires could heal at that rate, it was unheard of for anyone else without ingesting undead blood. 
God, but how in the hell is that possible?
Reaching behind her, she pulled out a large machete. Her arm pulled back in a familiar stance and ice ran down my spine. But instead of hesitating for a few moments -- my step-father’s trademark move -- her arm hurled forward. If he wasn’t fast enough to avoid the blade, Connor would either lose his head or his arm. 
Over my dead body.
Power erupted from me like a nuclear explosion, and then everything went black.
Chapter 7



My eyes opened and I saw the sky’s dissipating storm clouds overhead. A few branches of the tallest trees reached out over the clearing’s expanse, dancing together in the cool breeze. The frozen ground beneath me was unforgiving, but that didn’t matter. The temporary discomfort would be nothing compared to the pain of losing the man I loved. 
God, but was I able to save Connor in time? 
My entire body shook from the terror at the thought that my burst of power might not have been enough to save him. The marrow in my bones solidified into slush first, then the blood in my veins lost its warmth and crystalized with ice. My body temperature dropped so fast that my skin began to frost as my fear manifested. 
Forcing my body to comply, despite the protests of every stiff, frozen muscle in my body, I lifted my head. And I saw movement. 
Whatever held the clearing in stasis was gone, and everyone was a blur of motion. My frantic eyes flickered from person to person, trying to pinpoint the man I loved. “Connor,” I screamed in nothing more than a whisper.
One figure whizzed toward me and then slowed, revealing Angela, but her eyes weren’t their usual intense brown. They were ice blue with bloodlust. 
Despite not being a werewolf like her mate, Salvatore, she could mimic his abilities. And, unlike other were-animals, his face could shift in varying degrees when he was on edge — beginning with his eyes. 
Her curly brown hair trembled against the top of her shoulders as her mouth moved, but as panic overwhelmed my senses, all I could hear was a relentless ringing in my ears. Blackness encroached at the edges of my vision as my mind shot straight to the worst-case scenario — Connor was dead.
Otherwise, he would be the one standing there. Not my best friend.
The deep cold that filled me spread at an alarming rate and as my eyes iced over, all I could see was my best friend’s mouth moving again. I still couldn’t hear her, but I didn’t need to. I was too late.
For several agonizing moments, despair overtook me.
Then that faint pull in my stomach intensified so fast, I felt like it would lift me off the ground with its force. In my growing panic, I didn’t feel that it was still there. 
It was Connor. The heat of his hands on my face burned me and I hissed from their contact, but I couldn’t bring myself to care. I searched his features through a frozen filter. He didn’t seem worse for the wear, other than a few bruises developing on his face from his fight. 
He was alright.
My frozen muscles screamed in protest as he pulled me to my feet. In the next instant, he lifted my frosted hands to his face. Feeling the searing heat of his flesh against mine, the prickling of his stubble against my palms forced a shiver to pass through me and they warmed by a fraction. 
Without asking, he understood my fears.
The chaos around us told me Zoe was still there and we needed to deal with her, but Connor knew I needed an anchor. Something to focus on so I could calm down. 
Him.
I looked into his chocolatey brown eyes that always felt like he was seeing into my soul and took a deep breath.
My name is Aisling Green and I’m an Earthen witch. I’m with Connor. He’s safe. And we’re in our clearing with our friends. Zoe and Martin are still here. And I need to get it together. Now.
As I finished the mantra in my mind, my body relaxed enough to allow me to move. The action did nothing for the cold that gripped me, but Connor was alright. We would be alright. I just needed to make sure everyone was safe and the threat was gone before we could deal with it.
“Alright?” Connor asked. Despite the din of ringing, I heard his voice. The same one that always traveled down my spine like a caress. 
I nodded back at him and he took my hands, pulling me with him toward the center of the clearing. In the time it took me to collect myself, our friends were no longer moving around in a blur. With the exception of a few undead, unconscious from broken necks, our friends were surrounding Zoe. 
The relief I felt that there weren’t any deaths was short-lived. Because the look on Zoe’s face wasn’t something I recognized. It looked like a combination of fear and grim satisfaction. At first, I wasn’t sure what to make of it, but the struggle in her delicate features told me that Martin was fighting for dominance. 
Maybe my thoughts were right about why Connor didn’t try to kill her when the opportunity presented itself only minutes before. Maybe that was why our undead friends weren’t trying to rip Zoe’s beautiful head off her shoulders.
God, but could she be saved?
I wanted nothing more than to kill Martin once and for all. To be honest, I didn’t have any reasons to want Zoe to live. Every time I encountered her, she was trying to steal Connor, my magic, or my life — most often, all three at once. 
Before darkening, she was a good person. Beneath all that, if there was a chance for Zoe’s redemption, we wouldn’t kill her until we figured out a way to expel Martin from her body.
My shoulders slumped. Though I realized that goal could be our downfall, that was no reason to let her die. I knew everyone else would follow our lead.
A movement to my left pulled my attention away from the group ahead of us and I caught sight of Shadow’s powerful frame dragging someone I didn’t recognize into the clearing. I knew right away what he was.
A Voodoo practitioner. 
His clothes gave him away. It was that stereotypical, colorful, yet thin material worn by the former queen and many of her people in New Orleans. He could’ve worn a neon sign that flashed VOODOO in all caps, and not been more obvious.
Behind the white werewolf was Salvatore, and except for those yellow eyes and elongated snout with black fur on his face, he stood at his full six-and-a-half-foot human height. He was dragging another man into the clearing with Angela beside him.
In the midday light, my best friend’s face was striking with those pale blue eyes and milk chocolate skin visible beneath a peppering of white fur. It was quite a sight, seeing her, a full foot-and-a-half shorter than her husband, dragging another man behind her as if he weighed no more than a bag of potatoes. 
Despite her small size, she looked downright intimidating.
God, but my best friend is badass.
Shifting my attention back to the group in the center of the clearing, I caught sight of Vlad’s fangs as he growled, “On your knees,” at Zoe.
Her only response was a sly grin spreading across her face.
There was one way to find out if Zoe stood any chance of redemption. So I squared my shoulders and prepared for one of the hardest things I would ever have to do — delve into her mind. But Martin was in there, too. I wasn’t sure what would be worse -- hearing my step-father’s thoughts, or discovering that Zoe was as corrupt as I feared.
Zoe’s attention shifted to me as Connor and I approached. Her grin widened and I paused. Did they know what I could do with sight? Was it dangerous to see through her obsidian eyes? That thought was disturbing on many levels.
I froze, mid-step.
Connor turned and caught sight of my expression. “What is it?” he breathed.
Keeping my voice low, I tried to keep it steady despite the intensity of the cold permeating through me, and replied, “I t-thought maybe if I used sight and p-pushed deeper, we would know if Zoe c-could be saved.”
Hope flared in him as white bled into the edges of his green and gray aura. “It’s worth a try, right?”
My heart sank and I shivered once more. “If we c-can’t look in her eyes, how can I safely see t-through them?”
“Agreed, it is not worth the risk,” Liam said with various sounds of agreement echoing from our friends.
Angela growled, “I can feel it, too, in my own way,” and I flinched when I heard her voice. But it wasn’t her sudden presence behind me that surprised me. It was the way her voice sounded. Almost animalistic. She chewed her lip for a moment and continued, “Don’t do it, Aisling. There’s not enough evidence that says she can be saved.” 
“Oh, but don’t you want to try?” Martin asked, drawling the question in a calm, steady voice that grated on me. It felt like he was baiting me. How they heard our conversation from yards away, I didn’t know, but that was the least of our problems.
Behind her, light glinted off something near the frozen ground. But then the blood drained from my face as I saw more glimmers appear from all around, like fireflies winking in and out of existence on a warm, summer evening’s twilight. 
And that was when I felt the slow, steady magic emanating from Zoe’s body. 
Oh shit.
I instinctively threw up an invisible barrier, trying to protect everyone I cared about as knives were hurled at us at blinding speeds by the force of Zoe’s magic. A pulse of dark magic erupted from her and it registered to my senses like a sonic boom, throwing us all back from the shockwave. Then several things happened in quick succession. 
A searing, white-hot pain flashed across my lower belly as a blinding light exploded from me. I screamed from the agony as the jagged fingers of a flashback began dragging me under. By the time I impacted the frozen ground and the air whooshed out of my lungs, I knew it was already too late. 

My mind was trapped in oblivion, reliving every awful moment I ever experienced in my life. The nightly beatings from my step-father in my childhood. The constant thrum of fear during my adolescence — that hyper-vigilance that always made me look over my shoulder and remain closed off, without any friends to trust. 
Remembering every slice into my flesh, each broken bone and burn I received in the long hours I spent being tortured. Images of Connor’s unconscious body with all the wounds he received only made my heart ache more.
I remembered what it felt like to unwillingly ingest poisonous vampire blood that nearly killed me. The memories of the demon came next with all the things he did to torment me. And then I relived the moments leading up to his death. 
The faces of the ones that died that night flashed before me. Their smiles, the vitality of their existences, snuffed out far too soon. Their images shifted to frowns, then accusatory anger, before dulling to monochrome grays and then disappearing into a puff of smoke.
Every moment -- each morsel of suffering I felt -- flashed across my mind. And finally, after what seemed like forever, and just a few seconds at the same time, I came back to myself, screaming. But no sound escaped.
The last bits of that bright light that erupted from me faded away into nothing, and I gulped in air as my lungs remembered how to breathe once more. Aside from the sounds of my rapid gasps, a deafening silence fell over me. 
Oh, god.
Somewhere in the back of my mind, it registered that my shield activated to protect against the magic that hurled that knife at me. But at the same time, I felt the pain.
No, please. No.
The shield wasn’t fast enough. 
What happened to Zoe and Martin as a result of hurling those knives with magic, I didn’t know. 
Nononononononono.
It wasn’t the memories from the flashbacks, or the physical pain spreading through me as my cool blood seeped out around the knife, soaking into my silk ivory dress. I felt emotional pain. Like my heart was being ripped from my chest.
That was when I screamed with all the force of the searing agony and sadness that overwhelmed my senses. I knew it was too late. I could sense it.
My hands moved to the hilt of the knife and I pulled it until the blade was free. Dropping it to the side, I felt more of my blood spread across my frosted skin and spill down the sides of my hips. When I looked at my hands, they were covered in liquid crimson.
And as the cold of my terror spread, blackness crept into the edges of my vision.
It’s over. God, but it’s all over.
I sobbed, crying incoherently for help, despite knowing it wouldn’t change my reality.
Connor filled my vision as he hovered over me with a sad, deep blue and fearful gray in his aura. The knowledge was there in his eyes, too, but he didn’t say anything as his eyes turned white. Then he pressed his hands against the wound and tried to use his magic to heal me. 
More pain wracked through me as the blackness spread into inky splotches in my vision. I could make out the muscles working in my mate’s jaw and watched tears fall from his eyes an instant before Liam appeared at my other side, moving so fast my eyes struggled to follow. 
With the knife I pulled from my body, he sliced a large gash into his forearm. An instant later, his cold, coagulated blood poured onto the deep gash in my belly. Then he dropped the knife and bit into his other wrist before shoving it against my mouth.
I took it, tasting sweet, electrified pennies on my tongue while it felt like it was zapped with a car battery. All the while, I was suffocating on despair. 
God, but I lost everything.
The feel of the knife that slipped through the silk and into my belly was unlike anything I ever felt in my life. It wasn’t just the physical pain that I would remember. Combining that with the unbearable knowledge of what I lost made what I hoped to be my best day turn into the worst. 
I knew, my failure would ruin me. It would ruin Connor, too.
How they knew I was pregnant, I didn’t know. But at last, a decade later, Martin would have what he wanted. My broken spirit shattering into a million pieces of despair.
Having a family with Connor filled me with hope. Hope that we would reunite the supernatural world and bring peace. Give others a chance at living their lives happy and safe. But there we were. As Connor and Liam were doing whatever they could to heal me, I was grappling with our new reality of shattered hope and a dark future.
God, but how could I ever come back from a loss like that?
Pulling his wrist away from my mouth, Liam shook his head. He hunched forward and didn’t bother trying to hide the undeniable grief on his face. Seeing the vampire’s defeat, Connor pitched forward and rested his forehead on my chest as sobs wracked through him.
They knew. Just as I did.
We lost the baby.
Chapter 8



Connor’s warm hands gripped my face and I opened my eyes.
When did I close them?
There was a combination of unyielding sadness and intense fear in his aura, he dark blue and gray rolling together like clouds during a winter storm. “Just breathe, Aisling. Do you hear me? We will fix you up, alright?”
I didn’t understand. The agony of my body repairing itself never came and the searing pain from the wound persisted. Even if Connor wasn’t adept enough to heal me with his magic, Liam’s blood would’ve been enough for a swift repair with plenty to spare. But it didn’t matter. The damage was done the instant that blade cut into me.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered as my lips trembled and icy tears slipped from my eyes. 
Ever since we met, Connor helped reshape the way I reacted to the world. One of his biggest goals was to stop my inherent need to apologize for everything. Even things that were beyond my control.
Yet, in that moment, I needed to say it. It felt right. For once -- out of every apology I ever made to him, my step-father, or anyone else -- it was valid.
I was sorry. 
My job as a mother was to protect our baby. Keep it safe. And I failed less than a week after we realized I was pregnant.
Connor’s grip on his control was slipping as fresh tears fell from his panicked eyes. I couldn’t bear the sight of him in so much pain, and I felt the urge to just … let go. But I couldn’t let him suffer like that. 
Using the last of my strength, I reached up with my frosted arms, took his warm face in my blood-covered hands, and pulled his attention back to me. If I could do anything to keep him from drowning in misery, I would. 
“You’re going to be alright,” he whispered back to me. I didn’t know if he was talking to me or reassuring himself.
There were a million things I wanted to say to him, but I heard Liam shout, “We need to get her back to the house, now. Something is preventing her from healing.”
Nodding, I understood at last. My penance was death. It wasn’t fair to Connor or anyone else, but it seemed a fitting punishment for me. My weak arms fell limp to the ground, leaving behind macabre handprints on Connor’s face that made him look like a Viking covered in war paint.
Without me there to help, he’d need that kind of strength. The heavy burden of being the only Earthen witch, meant to reunite everyone and restore the peace, piled on top of losing his mate and his unborn child, would fall on his shoulders.
He didn’t deserve any of it, and yet, that was the reality of his future.
“Aisling!” Connor’s panicked shout hit my ears and I opened my eyes to see I wasn’t on the frozen ground any longer. Before I could look around, something hot and wet gripped my face. My husband’s brown eyes locked with mine. “Listen to the sound of my voice. You fight, alright? Keep breathing. Stay alive.” 
Before I could say anything, the forest was a blur of motion and my face froze once more. Glancing up, I realized what was happening. Liam’s strong arms cradled me, limp against his chest as he ran at his full speed.
As the seconds ticked by, the vampire moved at blinding speeds, vaulting over things I couldn’t see, all in an effort to reach his home as fast as possible. I was too weak to reach out with my magic, to feel if anyone followed. I couldn’t even sense Connor’s pull. Turning my face toward Liam, I breathed him in. His minty scent filled my lungs and I sobbed against him. 
“Hold on, my dear,” Liam hissed.
I opened my eyes.
When did I close them?
I gripped the material of his expensive suit jacket like it was a lifeline. 
Perhaps it was. 
“Liam,” I breathed, knowing he could still hear me, despite the wind rushing by and the thicket crunching beneath his feet. “You should have been my father.”
“You are not going to die, Aisling,” he growled at me, but even I heard the doubt in his tone.
As if fate was delivering the punchline to a cosmic joke, my grip on him fell away and I followed my unborn child into death.

Darkness enveloped me in its embrace and it became my reality. 
I knew my body was dead and I was a ghost. And while my consciousness remained, surrounded by oblivion, all I felt was grief. My friends would suffer for my loss. But it was Angela, Liam, and Connor that would feel that emptiness the most. 
Before Angela found her place amongst our family of friends, Bugs and I were her only real family. She would be alright, because she found her home. With Salvatore. With Peter. With everyone else. She would miss me, but she would move forward.
While Liam wasn’t the type of vampire to betray his true emotions, in those moments he was unguarded, I knew how much he cared about me. It wouldn’t have mattered to him that the first Earthen he spent centuries searching for was gone. It would hurt him if I was killed. But he survived far worse in his long life. He, too, would live on.
Then my thoughts shifted to Connor, the man that understood me better than I knew myself. The man that stole my heart, before I realized it was taken. The man that was perfect for me, in every way possible. I was leaving him behind. 
Losing our unborn child on the day we were married was bad, but worse still, he lost me too. With no proper goodbyes. My last words to him were an apology. I’m sorry. As if it would make up for all the pain I caused him that day. For all the pain I would ever cause him — past, present, or future.
I wanted nothing more than to apologize again. For not staying alive as he demanded. I wanted to tell him how much I loved him and would miss him. How much I needed him to be strong and keep fighting.
But I was dead, and he was alive. He was the supernatural world’s last hope. If anyone could bring the Earthens’ purpose into fruition, it was him. If the situation were reversed, and he was the one that died that day, I didn’t think I could. He was always stronger than me. If anyone could pull through a loss like that, it was him.
It was always him.
After a while, my thoughts drifted and settled on one thing.
What happened in the clearing?
What did my shield do to Zoe? Did her body disappear? Was she killed along with Martin? Taken? I didn’t know the answers. I didn’t know if I ever would. But I knew if Zoe and Martin escaped, they would stop at nothing to kill all my friends, or die trying.
But underneath it all, what happened was more of a blessing in disguise.
Connor and I never talked about having children before we discovered the pregnancy. And though he vowed he wanted a family and showed that he cared, we both knew the odds of bringing a child into the world and keeping it safe were stacked against us. He still insisted we would figure out a way to make it work. 
In the end, it didn’t matter. 
My life  — and our baby’s life — was the sacrifice of his selfishness.
And it was what I deserved.
What the hell?
That wasn’t true. I’d never think something like that. 
Connor wasn’t selfish in any way. We wanted that child once we realized it was there. We knew the dangers, and yet we were both willing to do whatever it took to keep that child safe. And we were surrounded by people that would do the same.
That last thought caught my attention. And it was what I deserved. That wasn’t something I believed. 
Not anymore.
In those long nights Martin spent in my bedroom when I was little, reminding me of how worthless I was, he always said that I deserved my punishments. Once upon a time, and for most of my life, I believed him. I believed there was something fundamentally wrong with me.
That was when I knew something wasn’t right. My thoughts were reverting to what my step-father spent years molding to perfection. Making connections that weren’t true — all at a detriment to myself. And I didn’t know why. 
But, to hell with a contented afterlife. I was determined — as a ghost, I would stay with them. I refused to let go. As if my thoughts were a command, I felt a slight tugging sensation, pulling me where I needed to be. Back to my friends. 
My family. 
To Angela and Liam.
To Connor.
Even if I was dead and nothing more than a ghost, at least I would be there, like Peter. I would never give up on them. Never stop trying to help. Just like they would never give up on me.
Then I opened my eyes.
Chapter 9



At first, I saw light so intense, it was like staring into the sun. After several long moments, my eyes adjusted, revealing the source of that illumination. Overhead fluorescent lights were glaring down at me.
There was enough shadow in the room surrounding me to make out shapes. People. My vision was too clouded to make out who they were, but I was more concerned that I wasn’t hovering around my lifeless body. I was inside. Conscious, yet unable to move.
God, but how is this possible? I’m dead.
I felt no physical pain — not even in my lower belly, but I did feel a deep emptiness in its place. I couldn’t bear to think about it. I wouldn’t. 
Based on the tugging sensation, I knew Connor’s was the form hovering over me to my right. His blurry hand was a little clearer as he reached up and pushed his long, soft hair away from his face, but it fell forward, curtaining once more.
My eyes flickered to the form standing on my left, and I knew it was Liam. The crimson tie combined with his flawless, pale skin gave him away. His mouth was moving, but I couldn’t hear the words.
I couldn’t hear anything. Not even the sound of my heart beating.
Then something else began to worry me. I was awake, and yet neither Connor nor Liam realized it. In the next instant, I blinked and found myself at the opposite end of the room, leaning against the wall. In front of me was my unconscious body — or dead body, if my pale skin was any indication.
Instead of that fair, peaches-and-cream complexion, I looked ashen. My hair was a frizzled mess. To say I looked awful was an understatement. 
The blankets on the small infirmary bed were pulled up and tucked beneath my arms. I couldn’t tell if that ruined ivory silk dress was gone, or if the stale, white coverlet covering me obscured it from view. 
Movement near the entrance to the infirmary caught my attention. Salvatore stood near the door with a bucket full of bloodied gauze and surgical towels in front of him. 
Though he was doing his best to comfort Angela, the grief in his expression was unmistakable. My heart hurt to see my best friend’s hands shaking as she pulled him closer and buried her face into his chest — not to hide her emotions, but to calm herself by inhaling his scent. 
Sitting beside Salvatore was Shadow. His furry white head was held low as he leaned heavily against the other werewolf’s leg. And when Salvatore reached down to rub the back of Shadow’s neck in a small show of comfort, my heart cracked.
The rarity for two alpha werewolves to work together without fighting for dominance or territory was high, even before the fall of the Earthens. Though the two werewolves never showed signs of trouble, in that moment, I, at last, understood their relationship went deeper than mere respect for each other. There was friendship and belonging between them. 
The grim set of everyone’s shoulders, combined with their expressions, told me more than enough. I didn’t need to see the redness in their eyes or the deep blue tint beneath the fluorescent lights from their auras’ collective glow to know how they all felt.
It broke my heart to see everyone hurting because of me. 
Time passed like that, like a purgatory of infinite slowness. No sound reached me, even as people spoke. I didn’t know what to do to make them see me, or how to wake up and look at them with my own eyes again.
The more I tried to look at my body for signs of life, the blurrier it became. And as I began to believe that I was dead after all, something started pulling me back toward my body like I was tethered to it by a rope. 

“She is waking up,” Liam said. But I couldn’t place the tone of his voice. That old-world accent he shared with his father was still the same. Yet his voice was hesitant. I wasn’t sure why.
My eyes slid open and that same glaring light hit me once more. My eyes watered from the intensity of it, but no one moved. 
I focused on my mate while my vision adjusted and cleared, but he didn’t look down. One hand gripped mine like it was a lifeline and the other covered his mouth. He was trying to be strong on my behalf. But every few seconds, he took a shaky breath.
I knew that struggle all too well. Though he couldn’t hide his overwhelming emotions, at least he wasn’t curled up in the corner sobbing, like I would have been if the situation was reversed. With every ounce of strength I had left, I tried to keep my mind away from the awful truth. 
My fingers twitched in his grip and at last, Connor’s eyes snapped to mine. For the second time since I met him, his hair wasn’t perfect. Just like when I found him in the torture dungeon, it was clumped together with dried blood, falling in odd angles around his face. 
He choked, “Aisling?” 
“Hi,” I breathed, because my voice wouldn’t cooperate. Squeezing his hand, I realized he didn’t hear the vampire’s words.
Those bloody handprints that looked like macabre Viking war paint were still on his face. The evidence of my apology before Liam whisked me away. I didn’t know how long I was out, but he looked exhausted.
Ever since we met, he helped me. Brought me back from the brink of anxiety or a flashback. He was always my rock. And he was using every bit of energy he could to keep himself together. 
For me.
I didn’t know what I could do to help him, but I couldn’t bear to think about what happened. I would crumble into nothing but dust if I did. 
A shaky breath pulled into my lungs as I forced myself to look away, refocusing on Liam. The vampire’s green eyes flashed like a cat’s against the bright fluorescent lights above us and he forced a smile. I saw the muscles in his jaw work as he fought his own emotions.
His persona revolved around intelligence and a composed appearance. That battle was enough to tell me how much he was affected by the day’s events.
Dried blood splotched the front of his crisp, white button-down shirt and I winced as I remembered I was the one that gripped the material. “Sorry I ruined your suit,” I breathed.
The vampire’s lips twitched, which was the reaction I was after. He was too distraught to do much else, but he wasn’t immune to teasing. “This old thing? You did me a favor, my dear,” he responded. Despite his best intentions, his voice cracked at the end and a cough escaped him as he tried to cover it up.
Stepping aside, Angela moved to take his place. “Considering you almost died, you look pretty good,” she teased as she chewed on her lip. That was her defense mechanism. When she was overwhelmed with emotion -- which she believed would make her look weak -- she covered it up with anger or humor. 
Despite the fact that we all knew it was a façade, I welcomed it in that moment. Just like everyone else with advanced hearing, she, too, could hear the deafening silence in place of that tiny, fluttering heartbeat. But almost as fast as she began, sadness overtook her. “I’m sorry,” she breathed.
A tear slipped from the corner of my eye. “It’s okay,” I lied as I reached up to squeeze her arm. I wasn’t sure if I was talking to her, Connor, everyone else, or myself, but the last thing I needed was to let my mind travel down that path. The path that would ruin the few facets that remained of me. 
“Aisling,” Connor hedged with a trembling voice and I turned to face him. Fresh tears spilled from my eyes as I watched him struggle to find the words. 
He didn’t need to tell me. 
I already knew the truth. 
It left behind a hole, within my heart and body that could never be filled again.
“I know,” I said and locked everything down as my mate dropped his head to the bed. I felt the need to let it in and grieve with my husband. Grieve our loss, the ruined day, the awful reality of Zoe and Martin’s actions. 
But I couldn’t do it. He didn’t deserve my denial. It left the painful truth threatening to consume me whole. So I did the best thing I could. I squeezed his hand. 
Then, I forced myself to look away and my gaze locked with Liam’s, standing at the foot of the bed. “So tell me,” I said with as much strength as I could muster, “what happened while I was out?”
Chapter 10



“One of the knives...,” Liam trailed off before starting again. It was Mason, a vampire I didn’t know well, but his was always a friendly face. For a moment, I felt hope, knowing that a vampire’s death wasn’t necessarily permanent. But what Liam said next made my stomach drop. “I am not his sire, my dear.” 
Though he often took his time arriving at his point, he didn’t need to say anything else.
The key to resurrecting any vampire as a ghoul was the blood from the vampire that created them. If the identity of Mason’s sire was known and that person had not met their true death, then Liam wouldn’t have squashed my hope with such finality at his last words.
Earthens didn’t make many ghouls while they were alive. And in the centuries since those witches were killed, only a few ghouls remained. That was one of the upsides of being the first of my kind in such a long time. But even with a horde of trusted undead friends surrounding me, not everyone could be saved.
I never wanted anyone to die for me. Not just because they would be gone forever, but as a result of my upbringing. I always thought, deep down, that I wasn’t worth such a sacrifice. In many ways, despite everything that happened since my emergence as an Earthen, I still did.
Connor worked to stop both the needless apologies and my tendency to think that the blame of lost lives was always mine to bear. Even after two months of fighting to survive, I couldn’t help but feel that weight of every life lost. I didn’t feel like anyone special. And yet, people were still dying because of me. 
What was the weight of another death on my shoulders?
There was nothing I could do about Mason. I would grieve him, in time, just like I would everything and everyone else. 
“Jorge and William lost their heads, but they are healing,” Liam added, cutting off my thoughts and my eyes snapped back up to his. I revived the two vampires after the fight against the demon. If decapitation was fatal to ghouls, they’d have met their true death that day. 
While I was willing to admit that Martin’s actions were to blame, those lives were lost because of me and his obsession with making me suffer before I died. Refusing to think about that any further, I grumbled, “Those two need to stop losing their heads.” 
“Aisling,” Angela gasped in warning as she straightened.
My eyes flickered to her in defiance. I understood then, better than I ever could before, why she resorted to humor or anger when she was overwhelmed with emotion. I embraced the only other emotion I could feel in that moment.
Fury.
That was something I could hold on to. Something that would keep the abyss of sadness away. So I embraced it and let it grow. All the while, Angela kept her gaze locked with mine. “What?” I snapped.
Connor lifted his head in confusion, but I couldn’t look away. I held on to my rage like it was a lifeline while a tear slipped from Angela’s eye. “This is not the way and you damn well know it,” she said, low. I couldn’t be sure, but I thought I saw her lip tremble as she finished.
I wanted, more than anything else, to pull away from everyone and walk out of that sterile, windowless infirmary and retreat to the suite I shared with Connor. My chances of holding on to my composure were far better when I wasn’t surrounded by people that looked at me as if I was breaking into a million pieces.
Liam began, “My dear—” 
“Don’t start that with me, Liam,” I barked as I cut him off. As soon as I said the words and his green eyes widened in shock, I regretted it. 
“I don’t understand,” Connor hedged. “What’s going on?”
My best friend looked at me, lifted one eyebrow, and asked, “Do you want to tell him, or shall I?” In the way she said those words, it reminded me of how Connor teased her when she discovered I was no longer human. 
When I didn’t respond, her gaze flickered to my mate. “She’s doing anything she can to block out her emotions.”
“How ... why?” his voice was raw and graveled.
“Because it’s too much for her to handle. Letting it in will make her feel. Vulnerable and broken.” She took a deep breath, ignoring my glare. “I did it, before Salvatore helped me realize I didn’t need to keep that habit.”
Liam crossed his arms over his chest and leveled his gaze on me, waiting until I turned my attention to him. “You need to accept the truth, Aisling.”
“I know the truth,” I said, low. If my eyes were laser beams, he’d be nothing more than a pile of ash. 
The vampire’s green eyes flashed once more against the fluorescent light, but he didn’t look away. Before I realized he moved, his strong hands gripped my ankles, and I flinched from the sudden, unexpected contact. 
The action was out of character for him, and he did it knowing it would set my body on high alert, replacing my anger with fear.
Damn that PTSD.
His grip tightened, not enough to hurt me, but enough that I felt the pressure. If he squeezed any tighter, he would leave behind bruises. “You. Must. Accept it,” the vampire growled at me.
“What do you think I’m doing?”
“Dammit, Aisling,” my best friend blurted, “you’re shutting it out.” Her milk chocolate eyes were pleading as she continued. “Don’t do this. After everything that happened, you’re letting Connor suffer alone.”
“I can’t,” I looked down as my eyes stung with tears. 
“It’s alright,” Connor said, low and his hand tightened around mine. I knew what he needed. But I couldn’t give that to him. It hurt too much already, and I didn’t want to feel anything vulnerable. With every word they spoke, it chipped away at the only bits of resistance that remained to protect myself from the pain.
A tear spilled down my cheek as the grief threatened to overtake me. “No.” 
Magic erupted from me, throwing the three people I cared about the most backward. As soon as the vampire released my ankles and Connor’s hand slipped from mine, I grabbed the blanket that covered me, and then I fled from the room as fast as my feet could carry me.
Chapter 11



The problem with running at my full speed -- which was more than my eyes could follow -- was that everyone else could move just as fast. I sped past Vlad along the way, but he remained quiet, knowing it wasn’t his place to interfere. By the time I made it to the suite Connor and I shared, both Angela and Liam were right behind me.
Though Connor’s pull moved closer, he wasn’t in a rush to reach me. 
Before I reached the middle of our suite, something in Angela’s voice made me pause. “Aisling, stop,” she snarled and it sounded more animalistic than a command. Considering she was just a spirit wolf, she was still as intimidating and controlling as an alpha werewolf when she wanted to be. 
Despite the awkwardness, I thanked the universe for the absence of my dress. Those blood stains would be an awful reminder of what happened. As I turned around to face her, the power behind her icy blue gaze hit me with the force of a tidal wave. My eyes dropped before I could think about what I was doing. 
God, but did she just pull dominance over me?
Taking a step forward, her warm hands grasped my bare shoulders and she said, “You can’t run from this forever.” While Connor moved to stand next to Liam just inside the door, she added, “Sweetie, what you’re doing is only temporary. Eventually, you will be forced to face this. Trust me when I tell you it’ll be worse when that happens.”
Though I heard the truth in Angela’s words, I didn’t want to process them. 
“You have to listen to me on this part, alright?” she continued, her voice low. “It’s very important.” That caught my attention. Those eerie blue eyes deepened to milk chocolate and her fingers tightened a fraction on my shoulders. “You weren’t healing out there because of gris-gris. When we burned it, you healed.” Those were Voodoo equivalents to spelled objects. And they were powerful.
The muscles in her jaw worked and I knew she wasn’t finished. “To avoid more trauma, Salvatore left the—” she sucked in a breath as tears filled her eyes. After a long moment, she added, “You’ll have to wait for your body to expel...,” and then trailed off.
I knew what she meant. When the gris-gris prevented me from healing, our group's doctor stepped in, but only to repair the damage. Closing my eyes, traitorous tears fell down my cheeks. I couldn’t bear hearing anymore. “I get it.”
“Okay, then.” She released me and walked out of the suite. Based on the stiffness in her posture, I knew she was struggling to hold her own emotions in check. 
Liam moved toward me and his cool fingers touched my shoulders where Angela’s were a moment before. “My dear,” he breathed, “do not leave Connor to suffer all this alone. He would never do the same to you.” In the next instant, the door closed behind him with a soft click, leaving me alone with the man I loved.
Our suite was our home away from home, and everything, right down to the last detail, did nothing but heighten our awareness of one another. But in that moment, nothing registered to me except for my mate and that brilliant, dark blue aura surrounding him. 
His gaze was focused on the floor for a moment before he looked up at me. It was written all over him, in his features. He wasn’t just grieving the tragedy of the day, he was rattled from almost watching me die. And he was begging me. 
Let it in, Aisling. So we can comfort each other. 
I couldn’t bear to see him suffer. I wanted to give him what he needed. But my control was wearing thin. My lip trembled as I accepted what I was doing to him. Again. The man that meant everything to me, condemned to suffer alone. “I c-can’t,” my voice cracked and I spun around, heading to the bathroom.
Magic leaked from me and the massive shower turned on, filling its enclosed space with steam an instant later. I dropped the blanket to the floor and stepped into the shower. The hot water burned against my skin, but I didn’t bother to change the temperature. The sting would help me shut everything out, and wash away the evidence of what happened.
But, I knew Angela was right. It was only a matter of time.
As I felt Connor step into the shower behind me, I kept my back to him. He stayed silent for several, agonizing minutes — not even protesting against the heat of the water. Even though he was suffering, he was still taking care of me. Giving me what I needed. 
It broke my heart all over again. 
“Aisling,” he whispered behind me and I closed my eyes, dropping my head. And then, without thinking, I spun around and hugged him, digging my nails into his shoulders, as if it would help me stay in control. And all the while, he stayed silent, resting his head against the curve of my shoulder. 
I held him tighter and inhaled his scent. “I’m sorry,” I whispered, knowing it wasn’t enough. 
“It’s alright,” he said, low. “I understand. You almost died today. As much as everything else hurts—” his voice cracked and he fell silent.
I knew what he meant. I wasn’t grieving with him — I was comforting him. Those were two very different things. But Liam was right. Connor would never do the same to me. No matter the situation, he would always give me what I needed. Eventually, when I faced the truth, he would be there to hold me together. 
I didn’t deserve it. Any of it.
Pulling back, I looked up at him and breathed, “You still have me.” And then I washed away the last of the evidence from what happened that day. First from him, then myself, not stopping until the reddish water ran clear.
After drying off, we walked naked to the bed and laid down on that silken surface like always. My shoulder tucked beneath his and I rested my head on his chest. Strong arms enveloped me and I watched the low light of the flickering flames bounce around the room, waiting for sleep to take us away. 
It didn’t take long for him to doze. After the events of the day, it was no wonder why it left him drained. I listened to the steady beating of Connor’s heart and felt the slow rise and fall of his chest as he breathed, hoping it might help my restlessness. 
All the while, as I watched, his aura remained unchanged. Glittering with an intense combination of gray and dark blue. Even in sleep, I couldn’t help ease his suffering. He deserved a little peace after what happened. But the longer I watched, that deep, sad blue only grew in intensity. And it only made me feel unworthy of him.
Chapter 12



One second, I was pressed against Connor’s sleeping form, trapped in a restless doze. And the next, I opened my eyes and I knew what was happening. Based on my surroundings, I was in a dream-sight and even in the low light, Liam’s suite was unmistakable. 
In front of the hearth were two matching, red velvet King Louis XIV wing chairs. While my host sat on the right, Vlad was perched on the left. 
Looking the same as before, there was neither a hair out of place nor a wrinkle in Dracula’s usual black slacks and crisp white shirt with the top two buttons and wrists left open. One shiny shoe winked against the firelight and cast a hue I couldn’t quite name as he crossed his legs.
From my limited viewpoint, everything about Liam’s usual appearance was different. He sat back in his chair, bare feet pressed against the warm Persian rug with all his usual air of authority. Black silk pants the men often wore during training covered his long legs, while a matching silk robe covered his torso.
Both vampires cradled wide, crystal burgundy goblets in their large, pale hands. When they each moved to take a drink, it wasn’t alcohol that sloshed around. The deep crimson liquid was too thick.
Beneath the blood’s coppery scent and taste, I caught hints of other things. Like sugared wildflowers, white chocolate, fresh berries, and cinnamon. To Liam’s senses, it smelled and tasted like joy. I didn’t know how, but I was certain of it.
The raised scars on their exposed skin stood in stark relief against the dancing orange flames. Hidden under the material of their clothes were hundreds more — a testament to all they survived in their human lives.
Cutting through the amicable silence, Liam spoke in a low, even tone, “This ruse cannot last.”
After several long moments, Vlad leveled his blue gaze on his son. His pupils flashed against the flickering firelight and then he said, “She is still but a child, my son, too wrapped up in herself to notice.”
Liam met his father’s eyes, searching. “And what of the moment she learns the truth? Aisling will be devastated.”
Taking another sip of blood, the elder vampire considered the question. “Her desperation for affection will always cloud her vision from the truth. Denial is a powerful tool and she wields it well. So long as she employs it, the Earthen will fulfill her purpose and fix what has long since been broken, never the wiser for your true feelings.”
A sickening feeling washed over me at the vampire’s words. 
True feelings?
Gazing into the flames, watching the reds, blues, oranges, yellows, and every shade in between dancing in the hearth, Liam collected his thoughts. “What if she realizes I care not about her but only of her abilities? I am not the only one. All of the lies will unravel. She will not be so willing to fulfill her role then.”
Vlad shrugged, “Then Connor will do it. That boy does not hide behind naïvety as she does. Not only is he capable of the task, but he will do so without the need for deception.”
The silence stretched on as my heart grew heavy. Liam was everything I hoped for in a father. Could it be true? That he lied to keep me close, safe, and alive? 
He said it himself. And he wasn’t the only one. 
God, but who else felt that way? 
Perhaps my step-father was right all along. 
No one, in any capacity, could ever love me. 
As the dream-sight faded into oblivion, leaving me in a restless sleep, I hovered there in the lonesome darkness. Analyzing everything that happened after I turned twenty-one and my unceremonious entrance to the supernatural world, I began to see the truth.
In those moments leading up to Connor confessing his love for me and our first time making love, I thought his feelings were nothing like mine. That his presence was only a means for keeping me, the first Earthen in centuries, safe. Looking back, he reversed the hurt and my line of thinking so fast, it was almost comical.
How did I not see it?
And after I almost died from being forced to ingest poisoned blood, I assumed Liam was upset about the other vampire’s betrayal and that the Earthen he spent so long trying to find could’ve died that day. He confessed that he cared more about me than what I was, and it solidified my growing attachment to him.
Such an action wasn’t necessary. So why would he do it? What could he possibly gain from my affections that he wouldn’t otherwise receive?
But what about Angela? I couldn’t pinpoint anything amiss about my relationship with her. Or anything that might indicate her involvement with us wasn’t genuine. Because of me, Salvatore entered her life and then everything changed for her. She was happy. I couldn’t imagine something so important for her would be a lie.
Right?
The blackened oblivion that surrounded me slowly shifted. The dark was still deep, but slowly, small bits of illumination allowed me to make out the details. The eyes of my new host studied Angela’s delicate features. Perfect golden-brown curls fanned out on a tanned, muscled arm as she rested on her side. Salvatore’s arm.
Her fingers traced something I couldn’t see on his bare chest. With his every inhalation,  her scent of vanilla filled the werewolf’s nose and it left him practically purring in contentment. “Aisling will pull through,” Salvatore said, low. “It’ll be rough, but she’ll be okay.”
Big, chocolate-brown eyes, tinged with pink, looked up at him as another tear threatened. “I know,” she sighed. “I can’t help but wonder if I missed something about Zoe still being alive. But, more than that, she and Martin saw Peter today. There’s so much we don’t know about what they can do. How can we keep him safe from that?”
A low growl escaped from him and I felt it rumble in his throat. “Every instinct is telling me to take you both away from this mess. But I know Aisling is your family. We will figure it out. We always do.”
“You and Peter are my family.” My best friend sighed once more. “Sometimes I wish we could just pack up and leave all this behind. For Peter. So much trouble follows her. At some point, we have to draw a line. It—” she paused “—it feels like the longer we stay, the less likely we are to survive.”
“All the more reason for us to leave this place behind. The others will understand and they’ll help Aisling through it.”
Angela nodded. “I know. She doesn’t deserve this. But enough is enough. We don’t either.” As she finished, everything faded to black, and then I opened my eyes. Through the blur of massive tears, I couldn’t see anything in the low light. 
My battle with the emotions from losing my unborn child was already precarious, and I knew I wouldn’t last long. But those two dream-sights were enough to kick my legs out from under me. 
Liam was right. If I discovered the people I relied on and loved with a fierce intensity were there only out of a sense of obligation, hiding behind lies, I wouldn’t be able to fulfill my role as an Earthen. I wouldn’t be able to handle so much deception.
More than that, Vlad’s words rang true to me. Connor could step in and become the supernatural savior without me. With him, they stood a much better chance of finding peace in their futures. After all, the danger didn’t follow him. 
They didn’t need to hide behind lies to help him achieve that goal.
No one deserved my misery and the trouble that followed me. On that, I agreed with Angela.
Everything I thought I knew was wrong.
And I only had myself to blame for believing anyone could really love me.
Chapter 13



I needed time to think. Time to process everything that happened before those knives flew through the air with deadly precision. Everything that led up to that moment.
Sucking in a shaky breath, a breathy sob escaped from me and I extricated myself from Connor’s hold. I padded to the soft Persian rug in front of the hearth, feeling the heat of the flames against my skin. All the while, I tried to quiet my racing mind.
The deterioration of our world all stemmed from death and chaos. The entire community collapsed in a matter of days, leaving behind destruction and a sense of dread that reigned and spread like a virus. Nothing remained but an overwhelming sense of helplessness.
Rather than rising up to protect themselves and each other in the absence of Earthens, the surviving supernatural creatures sacrificed their brethren to the enemy and turned on one another. Corruption and desperation took over. 
No one was safe.
And since my powers began, we were hit from all sides by things that didn’t want our world to change. Zoe and Martin were behind most of them. If it weren’t for those two, most of those terrible events never would have happened. There would be a far smaller body count — that much I knew for sure.
The gas-powered flames continued to dance in the hearth, bouncing various hues of flickering orange light across the darkened room, but somehow they seemed more muted than I remembered. Less vivid. Less alive. 
Sitting there, I longed for the soothing scent of a wood-burning fire. The fragrance that instilled a sense of safety in me. Gave me just enough strength to stand on my feet when it mattered the most.
Connor’s scent.
Perhaps our fate wasn’t meant to be a happy one. Maybe my purpose was to elevate Connor’s status from a regular light witch to an Earthen. And the world’s most powerful creature was never meant to be me. To be honest, I never felt worthy of the title. He was always better suited for the task.
I sighed, wondering if that was why I couldn’t protect our unborn child. Wondering if that was why Martin was in my life.
Ever since I was little, he wanted nothing more than to see me suffer. He wanted to mold me into the kind of girl that would believe — with every cell in her body, every thought in her mind, and every piece of her soul — that no one would ever want her. As a child, she believed him. She knew her place.
And happiness was never meant for her. 
My childhood was marked by reminders of my worthlessness, and he beat me every night just to drive the point home. His plan was to take my innocence as a teenager, defiling my body further. He wanted me helpless, afraid, and entirely dependent upon him. It wouldn’t matter if I was willing, I was going to be his Lolita. 
His plan failed after my mother’s death, leaving only my grandmother to care for me. But after she died at the end of October, just after my powers began, he came back, intent on putting me in my place and taking my power for his own. In the end, I killed him. 
At least, I thought I did. 
For reasons I didn’t yet know, he was alive the whole time, inside Zoe. And they were pulling invisible strings and doing all they could to make me and everyone I cared about to suffer.
There were many unanswered questions about how they knew and accomplished so much destruction without being noticed. And that day, one that should’ve been one of my happiest, turned into a living nightmare. 
That was when I realized that Zoe and Martin escaped the clearing. Nothing else made sense. And I knew. Those two wouldn’t stop until I was broken beyond repair. Until I was reduced to nothing with no will to live. They’d accomplished the former. It seemed everyone else would handle the latter for them.
When they finally did kill me, I would welcome it.
Eventually, sleep welcomed me in front of the fire with open arms. And for a while, I slept without dreaming. The black nothingness surrounded me with a heavy sadness. A feeling I knew all too well.
I didn’t want to dream. I didn’t want to feel. I wanted nothing. For as long as possible. No matter how much I resisted, the dreams began. But they weren’t what I expected. They were memories.
After my grandmother took me in, the damage my step-father inflicted lingered. Except for my innocence remaining intact, everything else about me was broken. 
Beneath everything, from her gift of precognition, she knew what I would become and that she needed to die. If she didn’t, I couldn’t inherit her abilities, and I wouldn’t complete the transformation into Earthen.
She gave her life so that I would become the savior the supernatural world desperately needed. And, like everything else, I didn’t deserve her sacrifice.
In addition to my destiny, she knew about a man that would save my life and how much we would need each other. A man that fate chose as mine. She sent us on a path toward one another. And with her death, our lives would intersect. The rest would be history.
Perhaps she knew his importance to the world and how I was supposed to help him.
Connor cared for me. Loved me, even. Not only did he vow it countless times, but he loved me enough to bind with me so I could trigger his transition to Earthen. What was a human marriage in the face of that? Or discovering we were pregnant? But in the back of my mind, doubts still lingered. Like what would it take for him to admit enough is enough?
Though her days of normal humanity were over, Angela still risked her life for me, and almost lost it, time and time again. Salvatore fell for Angela and stayed for her. With Peter in their lives, it wasn’t fair to continue putting them in danger.
My grandmother asked Liam, as an old friend of hers, to help me, the Earthen, and he agreed. In doing so, his nest followed suit. And, while Shadow followed Connor because they were best friends, the family of pixies helped because my grandmother gave them a home in her garden.
Everyone felt an obligation to support me. Not for who I was, but for what I was.
The memories faded and as I found myself seeing Connor’s dream. And as I settled into it, his thoughts became my own. 

Zoe’s fiery red hair felt like silk against my skin, and her vivid green eyes burned for me as she hovered at the brink of her pleasure. All I needed to do was grip her hips and pull her a little closer against me, and then she would tighten around me as she crashed over the edge. 
It was the most intense pleasure I ever felt in my life. It was no wonder I loved her so much. It was no wonder I missed the woman she was. Before I watched in horror as the witch that attacked Zoe fell to the ground and his black aura disappeared. Before my gaze flickered up to witness her darken. 
As the witch’s power filled her, a small smile spread on her lips. Beginning at the roots, her red hair darkened to black and spread as it moved to the ends. That rosy color beneath her fair skin faded away until that flawless flesh was so pale, she looked like she was dead. 
Her brilliant green eyes faded until they were almost white, and then a ring of black developed at the outer edge of her irises. When her gray aura darkened until it was all black, my heart broke to see it and I knew I lost her forever. 
There was no coming back from that darkness. 
In time, my heart mended and I began to enjoy life with Shadow. Since the white werewolf rarely shifted, the amicable silence that came with a man and his beast suited us both. 
Life wasn’t easy, but we made it work. It was a simple, happy life.
But when Jade Green passed away, everything changed.
I didn’t intend to find her grave, pay my respects, offer thanks for saving my life, and leave. It felt right to find her granddaughter and tell her what happened. Though I didn’t know what the pull in my stomach meant at first, I was certain of one thing -- Jade’s granddaughter was different. Special.
Aisling Green was stealing my heart.
And she would be my downfall.
The weight of the world rested on her shoulders, and she needed mine. As time dragged on, the mess that followed her pulled me deeper and if there was any chance of keeping her alive, I was trapped. 
Like the final nail in the coffin, I discovered she was pregnant, and it was a waking nightmare. I didn’t want a child in the cruel world we lived in. Perhaps, in time, that would change as she worked to fix everything. But that, too, was out of my control. 
I should have paid my respects to Jade, without trying to find Aisling, and left that little town behind. But instead, I was stuck in hell, my living tragedy.
And there I was, dealing with it. 
Alone.
Chapter 14



I awoke with tears streaming down my face and for the first time since we were together, I was relieved that I slept away from Connor’s arms. After what I witnessed in his dream, my head was spinning. It left me feeling raw, exposed, and lost on that soft, red Persian rug.
Countless times before, Connor told me he loved me more than anything and vowed to stay. No matter what the future brought us. Deep down, I doubted his assurances -- not because of him, but my upbringing. Learning the awful truth left me unraveling at the seams.
My worst fears were true after all. All along, Martin was right about everything.
The lies and deceit mounted, piling upon itself until I was buried so deep, there was no hope of escape. When the shroud covering my eyes was finally ripped away, it left me in darkness. 
Within Connor’s dream, despite hearing his love for me in his thoughts, he regretted his choice to find me. He regretted staying in Nashville and everything we endured together. It was never the life he wanted.
That broke more than my heart, fracturing me deeper than I thought possible. It felt like someone reached down my throat, ripped out my insides, and let my body slowly come to the realization that I was dying.
Forcing myself to sit up, I turned around to see my husband -- my everything, still sleeping on the bed with the same intensity in his dark blue aura. Because of my desperation for affection, he stayed. I leaned so hard on him, and then turned my back on him when he needed me.
At last, he was alone. 
Just like he wanted.
It was in that moment I realized that the deep blue sadness in his aura wasn’t just the baby he was grieving. It was everything. His regretful mistake of staying with me. Knowing he was sacrificing his future to stay. Because the world needed me.
He might have loved me, but he didn’t want a life with me.
God, but everything was a lie. How could I be so stupid?
After absorbing the lies and deception that surrounded me, I made my decision. And I agreed with Vlad. My mate was the one that could reunite the supernatural world.
Squaring my shoulders, I slammed my emotions down and forced myself to stand. Without any windows in Liam’s underground and no handy clocks to indicate the time, I didn’t know what to expect. But it didn’t matter. 
I was determined, and I wouldn’t let anyone stop me from what I needed to do.
Twenty minutes later, I was dressed in a pair of stretchy jeans, my trusty hiking boots, and a long-sleeve black shirt. As I stepped out of our suite, I stuffed my wallet into my pocket and left behind the only home I ever wanted to know. 
Connor.
The long hallway leading to my exit was vacant, and, with the exception of a few absences, the relative inactivity in my magical radar told me most of the house’s inhabitants were sleeping. 
But that didn’t mean I wouldn’t be discovered at any moment. No matter how quiet I moved, the majority of the residents could still hear me, even in their sleep. 
Before pressing on, I slipped inside Angela’s suite, thankful that no one was there, and found what I needed sitting on the dresser just inside the door. Clutching my lifeline, some of the tension fell from my shoulders. 
Not a soul saw me as I moved through the Victorian’s opulent interior. After what felt like an eternity, I stepped out into the cold, pre-dawn light and breathed a heavy sigh of relief.
All the painful reminders of the mounting lies — what was and what could have been — were revealed to me. Everything I thought I knew was lost within that town and park I loved since I was a child. 
I couldn’t look at any of it without seeing the deception. That was why I needed to get away. As far away as I could.
Fast.
With the keys I stole from Angela, I slipped into the driver’s seat of the aging blue Chrysler and started the engine. It sputtered to life, reminding me of that erratic purr that came from her crotchety cat, Bugs. 
A silent sob escaped me as my heart broke for the thousandth time in just a few, agonizing hours. Then I threw the car into drive and pulled away, giving everyone what they wanted. 
Life. Without me in it. 
I watched the last of Liam’s expensive Victorian home and its false, magical crumbling façade disappear from the rearview mirror. And by the time I drove past the sign that said I was leaving Nashville, tears streamed down my face.
In terms of Earthens and their reputations, I was a sorry excuse for one. I always was.
God, but why was I destined for such a responsibility? Especially after everything that happened to me while I grew up.
Earthens were supposed to be headstrong, willful, and downright powerful. Not just in their abilities, but their personalities. They weren’t the kind of witches to fall beneath the pressure of saving the world or protecting something in need.
They were badass, as Angela liked to say. 
And I was far from it.
As the product of everything my step-father wanted me to be, I couldn’t muster up a backbone to save my life. In the end, after all the things he said to me over and over -- how I would never be happy and how I would fail at everything I tried -- he was right. 
He was always right. 
My denial was the reason I didn’t see the truth. There were moments I stood strong, but I never saw that my strength wasn’t my own. 
I drew it from Connor.
After everything we went through together, I finally understood the truth of what he sacrificed. How could I stay, knowing how he really felt?
I woke up to a reality that was a waking nightmare I couldn’t outrun, but would die trying. It didn’t matter where I was going. I just needed to drive as far away from my friends as I could and hope they wouldn’t follow after me. 
Connor and Angela were both right. Tragedy followed me. It always did. And they didn’t deserve any of it. It was time they were free of their burden.
Me.
The further I drove, the less I felt that pull in my stomach — the one that connected me to Connor, pointing the way to him. But no matter how far I went, that pull wouldn’t disappear. Unless I mustered up the courage to figure out how to sever that connection.
The day we married would forever be burned into my memory. What began as one of the happiest days of my life, changed to one of the worst in a matter of seconds, and it only deteriorated from there.
My decision to leave was the right one. I believed it with every cell in my body.
As the tears continued to stream down my face, I remembered my last, long look at Connor. I memorized the lines of his stubbled jaw. The way his straight, silken brown hair fell against the crimson silk pillow. And how peaceful he looked while he was asleep, despite that dark blue aura.
I would remember the way he smiled. The way his flawless, velvet skin felt against mine. The way it tasted. And I would remember that he didn’t want to be with me. He never did.
It was the right decision to leave everyone and everything I loved behind, despite my cowardice. If nothing else, the letter I left behind would say it all. 
Connor,
You were my light. My dark. My salvation. My constant. You held me up when I couldn't stand on my own. I thought we loved each other enough for a thousand lifetimes, but it was never enough to save us. Not when this life was never what you wanted.
It took far too long to see the truth, but your dream made me realize my mistake.
I’m sorry for everything I put you through. I’m sorry I shut you out trying to protect myself from the pain. Knowing anyway that it was only a matter of time before I succumbed to the memory of all we were, all we could have been, and all we lost. 
Like everything else in my life, I failed. To be what our world needs. To be what you need. To protect our child.
To be someone worth loving.
So I release you from your burden of me, Connor. I release everyone. You all deserve to live your lives free from me and the tragedies I cause. You deserve to be happy.
Out of everything I’ve ever experienced, this is by far the hardest thing I will ever do.
If you remember nothing else, remember this: You were my everything. 
Whenever you hear the silent night's call, know it's me.
Forever lost.
And forever nothing, at the same time.
Aisling
Chapter 15



Most of the morning, I drove through a blur of tears. It wasn’t the safest way to drive, and yet, I couldn’t bring myself to care. Considering the events of the last day, combined with the revelations that occurred in my sleep, I wouldn’t have been surprised if Angela’s car found itself wrapped around a tree.
I wasn’t suicidal. But my luck was certainly no friend of mine. Besides, my death would hurt people that cared about me -- if anyone truly did. Not to mention the fact that I was too afraid of death. 
Married and bound or not, that was me — Aisling Green. 
Earthen witch. 
Coward. 
Living by the stability of her friends rather than standing on her own. 
But that wasn’t my biggest problem. 
Martin’s constant stream of reprimands, insults, and dark affirmations haunted my thoughts. It wasn’t until after Connor came into my life that my step-father’s voice dulled from a roar to a mere whispering. Like it was trapped behind an impenetrable iron cell door. 
Even though I was able to ignore it most of the time, I never thought I was that dependent on my friends. That I was so much of an unwanted burden. Until the previous night, that was.
Those dreams blew that door open, and I was yet again reminded of my worth. And as much as I wanted to deny it, my step-father was right. Every bit of what he said to me in those long nights. 
The fate of the world was never meant to rest on my miserable shoulders because I couldn’t handle it on my own. I never could.
I told you so.
The Earthen witch our world needed was never supposed to be me.
I told myself on repeat, since the moment I walked out of Liam’s home, that I made the right decision.
Despite how much it hurt, I needed to keep going. And so I did.
But as morning shifted to afternoon, Connor’s pull stopped lessening in my stomach. 
That meant one thing. 
He found my note and decided to come after me. I knew the others well enough to know that they wouldn’t let him go alone. Because he was too important to risk.
God, but I didn’t deserve it. 
I didn’t deserve any of them. Not their protection disguised as caring. Not their sacrifices of coming to my rescue. All the damned time.
It needed to stop. That pull that connected me to Connor needed to be severed, but I didn’t know how to make that happen. If I was being honest, I couldn’t bear to break that connection between us. 
Even if the man I loved didn’t want to spend his life with me, he wasn’t miserable with me. There were moments worth remembering. I couldn’t deny the happiness we both felt in the short time we were together.
But that didn’t mean I would go back to living a lie.
Whether I liked it or not, he — and whoever he brought with him — would find me. When they did, I would have to face them and convince them to leave me to my misery by turning around and going home. 
And that, without a doubt, would open the floodgates.
A soft chime pulled me out of my reverie and the dashboard flashed me a warning. With a sigh, I pulled off the highway and found a gas station to refill the old Chrysler’s tank. A police cruiser passed me, going in the opposite direction and a grim chuckle escaped me. 
That was my second time in as many months committing grand theft auto. Multiple counts of murder were on that list as well. Even if it was only done to protect myself, the people I cared about, or the unwitting human population. I wondered for an instant how fast the officer would toss me in a padded cell after hearing my confession.
But then my thoughts darkened.
If I didn’t exist, how many people would have died? Would the demon have remained in his dark prison, unable to kill hundreds of people? Would Zoe still be a dark witch?
And what of my mother and grandmother? Would they still be alive? Without Gramma’s interference, would Connor and Shadow still be drifting from place to place, content to be out in the world on their own? 
Those were all painful questions. And I didn’t have the answers. That was life. Constant questions of what-ifs and an endless array of chances. Some of the simplest of moments could change the course of a person’s life forever.
Mine was seeing Connor for the first time. Just as his was stumbling upon my grandmother’s clearing after a small pack of rogue werewolves hunted him through the woods.
After hours on the road, my mind was still going in circles. Something wasn’t adding up to me. Of all the things Connor and I experienced together, why would he stay if he didn’t want that life? 
A life with me? 
That was a damn good question. One without an answer.
I sighed and wiped at my exhausted eyes as I glanced in the rearview mirror. It reflected my sad, blue eyes and the splotchy redness on my cheeks back at me. My heart sank, unable to bring myself to care that I looked as miserable and broken as I felt. 
Deep down, I knew it would only worsen from there.
Pulling the last of my cash out of my wallet, I passed two cars parked in front of the small convenience store as I made my way inside. My magic registered three others behind the brick building as I walked to the counter, but I ignored them. “Twenty on pump two, please,” I said, avoiding the clerk’s eyes as I handed him the cash.
He looked to be no older than eighteen and his earlobes were so stretched, barely any skin remained around the massive earrings. With all the other piercings in various places on his face, he could pass as a pin cushion. Somehow, the look still suited him.
Without a word, he nodded and put the cash into the drawer. Then I turned, stopping at the ATM for more cash on my way out. When I made it halfway across the small lot to Angela’s car, a shrill voice carried on the wind.
“There’s no other way,” the woman cried, sounding both angry and anxious. Then she hissed, “We need his blood and his essence for the spell to work.” 
I stopped mid-step. What kind of magic could they conjure that required them to kill a person?
The last thing I wanted to do was interfere with whatever they planned, but after hearing those words, I couldn’t ignore them. Not if it meant someone or something would die. I sighed, resigning myself to sticking my nose where it didn’t belong for the sake of making things right again. 
Earthen or not, I couldn’t walk away in indifference. 
I honed in on those three essences behind the building for the first time and I found two distinct signatures of blackness -- dark witches. Though the other one wasn’t what I expected. I wasn’t sure if I was sensing a werewolf with them, or if it was some other kind of were-animal. 
Either way, it didn’t matter. Whoever or whatever it was needed my help. 
I paused at the corner to look around and I caught sight of the two dark witches, deep in some kind of power struggle as their auras undulated with black, like inky water, darker than normal. Their magic wafted off them, though neither was using any kind of spell. And both of the women were powerful. 
But that didn’t bother me. It wasn’t enough to match what I could do.
Aside from their sinister auras, they both looked normal to me. The one on the left, holding her hand out with a long, curved blade in her grip, was beautiful. Her straight black hair, pulled back into a pony tail, moved with the cold breeze, and her light, hazel eyes and bronzed, yet pale skin made me wonder if she was a model before she darkened.
The one on the right was plain in comparison. She tossed her shoulder-length, bleach blonde hair out of her ashen face and stared in contempt at the woman in front of her with brown eyes so pale they looked like creamed coffee. 
Both of them wore black, to my utter lack of surprise. 
The more I focused, the harder it was to differentiate their magic from their close proximity to one another. But the one on the left holding the blade seemed to be the one with the hesitation.
My eyes flickered next to the third essence -- the were-animal. 
He was in his human form, kneeling between the two arguing witches. Though bound and gagged, I could still make out his features. It was difficult to tell his height from his position on the cold ground, but he looked to be about Connor’s height of six feet. 
Everything he wore was dark, black pants over brown boots, hunter green sweater beneath his open, charcoal wool coat.
His straight hair was dark brown with reddish undertones and it was longer, but not as much as Connor’s. It fell to one side instead of curtaining around his face while the beginnings of a beard darkened his jaw. For a were-animal, he was rather unassuming. 
As I studied him, I could tell that beneath his clothes, he wasn’t built like Shadow or Salvatore. Both werewolves — in their human forms — were magnificent. Their large frames were stacked with strong muscles showing in stark relief. The man kneeling on the ground lacked both strength and definition.
I wasn’t sure what to make of it, but he wasn’t my problem.
The witches were.
At the sound of my approach, his honeyed, brown eyes snapped up to mine and a hopeful white flared in his aura for a moment before he dropped his eyes again. Just as fast, his aura faded back to a fearful gray. 
God, but did he recognize me?
Though I didn’t know much about the behavior of were-animals, I knew enough about pack structure. As dominant alphas, Shadow and Salvatore weren’t afraid to stare someone down if they felt that their authority was threatened. 
The man on the ground either wasn’t dominant, or he wanted to keep my presence hidden from the two dark witches for as long as possible -- which was clever of him. Because he reigned in that flare of white in his aura and forced it back to gray in record time. 
That aura control was the only reason the dark witches didn’t realize I was there yet. They were ignoring him.
“If you want this spell to work,” the witch on the right gritted, “then you’ve got to slash his throat and take his blood. So what’s it going to be? Do you want to do this or not?”
It was in moments like that when Connor’s expertise in magic proved invaluable. He would know what they hoped to achieve with their spell just by what I saw and heard from them already. 
Yet another in a long list of reasons I wasn’t cut out for the job of Earthen.
Compared to him, I was clueless about moon magic, and if there was any chance to understand what they were planning, I needed more clues. So I stood there, waiting to see if either of them would reveal the intended purpose of the spell that required the sacrifice of a were-animal. 
The dark witch on the left chewed on her lip but didn’t say anything. Instead of another fruitless plea, the one on the right snatched the knife, taking matters into her own hands. Literally.
And then her arm swung out toward the were-animal, ready to slice open his throat.
Chapter 16



A shockwave of magic knocked the were-animal backward before the blade reached his skin. As both dark witches turned to glare at me, I squared my shoulders. “Hi there, ladies,” I said, with more cheer in my voice than I felt. “What brings you out here on this fine December day to kill someone at a gas station? I mean, how cliché is that?” I giggled.
What the hell is wrong with me?
The last thing I felt like doing was chuckling away at two dark witches like they were from the worst fantasy movie ever made. After all, they were standing behind a middle-of-nowhere gas station by the quiet highway. All the station’s owner needed was a big neon sign that flashed, Crazy Shit Happening Here 24/7. 
My giggle shifted to a grim chuckle at the thought, while the anger that flared to life in their auras mingled with the blackness. It looked like hazy green and black snakes were slithering around them.
“Who the hell are you?” the bleach blonde holding the knife asked me.
I blinked, “I’m sorry. I thought it was obvious.”
More confusion flashed across their features but they stayed silent. Those two witches and the were-animal probably thought I was crazy. If only it was so simple.
“So what are you trying to accomplish with your spell?” I mused.
The two women glanced at each other, unsure of what to say or do in response to my question. 
“I mean,” I went on, not bothering to wait for an answer. “I’m not an expert on the subject of moon magic, but—” I held out my hand to make a tally with my fingers “—you both are dark, which means you’re up to no good. Shock right? I know.” 
My eyes rolled and I waved a hand before continuing, “I understand you need his blood as a catalyst for a connection, but why his soul?” I grinned. “You’re trying to amplify its power.” I thought the man kneeling on the ground nodded, but the motion was so slight, I wondered if it wasn’t just a trick of the light. But then it hit me. “You want to control them,” I breathed.
The dark witch on the left dropped her jaw and I knew I was right. 
Score one for the clueless Earthen. 
“Ah,” I continued, “that’s the tricky part, isn’t it? Why you would want to cast such a spell is more pertinent, wouldn’t you say?” I didn’t understand what I was doing. I felt like crawling in a hole and staying there forever, yet there I was, baiting two dark witches like it was a game. 
God, but maybe I did go crazy in there somewhere without noticing.
But then I froze. 
That was my nature. 
I was observant, a requisite for being a writer. And there were plenty of methods to employ when gathering information. Rather than going straight to violence, I set people on edge to let their body language betray them. 
In that moment, Connor wasn’t there to give me the courage to stand up against two dark witches with grand aspirations against were-animals. 
I wasn’t leaning on any of my friends either.
It was all me.
God, but maybe I’m not useless after all.
That made me question everything I thought since I left earlier that morning. But that wasn’t the most disturbing thought that crossed my mind. Because, until that moment, I didn’t realize those thoughts were wrong — they were exactly what my step-father wanted me to believe. 
How he raised me to think.
“Who the hell are you?” the blonde asked again, but I held up a finger.
“Give me a moment, I’m having a revelation.” 
Just as I hoped, both of the dark witches looked like they were hit over the head with a thesaurus and glanced at each other, a wordless question hanging in the air between them — whether they should use their magic against me. But I ignored them.
Something changed my thoughts, reverting me back to the way my mind worked before Connor came into my life and helped me realize my potential. The more I thought about it, the dreams from the previous night contradicted me. 
God, but if I was wrong about who I am, is it possible that the dreams weren’t true, either?
No, I shook my head. I refused to let denial cloud my judgment any longer. True or not, I would uncover the truth. 
At the least, I knew two things for sure. My nature was intact. It didn’t make sense to think my only purpose was to make Connor an Earthen. I wouldn’t be the first of my kind in centuries if I wasn’t capable of it. My existence made me a target. 
Even Martin would’ve moved on if I was just a human when he first found me after my grandmother’s death. I was too old for him. Spent too much time away from his influence. Most of the troubles that found me — and by extension, all my friends — were because I was Earthen.
But that didn’t mean anyone deserved to wallow in it with me.
Everything was going to take some time to sort out. 
But first, I needed to deal with the problem in front of me. 
As I turned my attention back to the threat, I let my memories before the previous day fill me. My magic unleashed, rippling through my body like I was a live wire and both witches gaped, at last realizing who and what I was. 
They watched electricity arc between my fingertips. They reveled in my white eyes. And while I levitated about three feet off the ground, the two women that meant to kill that were-animal in cold blood, found much better prey. 
But I saved the best part for last. For a pair of dark witches that never experienced it before, they were about to find out just how intimidating I could be. With an explosion of a thousand voices reverberating around the space alongside mine, I began, “My name is Aisling.”
Chapter 17



The first time I ever unleashed was out of anger. And when I spoke with the voices of all the dead Earthen witches that came before me, it scared me. Not because it reminded me of countless horror movies about demonic possession, but because it brought out the worst version of myself. 
In the weeks since I learned to use my magic, the thousand voices no longer bothered me. And while I still didn’t enjoy letting that wrathful side consume me, I couldn’t deny that, at times, it came to my advantage.
No matter which emotion overwhelmed me, releasing my power was almost instantaneous. One second, I looked normal and the next, my eyes went white as electricity sparked between my fingers and my body lifted off the ground. All the while, those voices were ready to speak with me -- if I let them.
It was one thing to learn about the legend of Earthen witches and the full extent of their power. But it was an altogether different beast to experience it for the first time. And when that happened, the reactions were limited. My enemies either felt downright horrified or they were shocked to the point of disbelief. 
Sure enough, the instant I unleashed, their eyes went wide as fear exploded through the women’s auras, replacing the blackness with gray. On the other hand, the were-animal’s aura shifted to an amazed orange. If he didn’t know who I was, then judging by his initial reaction and the look of recognition plastered on his face, he knew of me.
It wasn’t a secret that there was a pure Earthen in existence again after centuries of their absence. But it wasn’t as though there was a worldwide bulletin with my name and face plastered on it to announce my identity. That meant either he heard chatter from others, or he learned about me from a Guardian of Information. 
The latter was tricky, to say the least.
Neutrals were, in essence, a line between others and humans, each offering something specific. Guardians were librarians tasked with tracking the lore and goings-on in the world, lodging managers were Shelterers providing safe places to rest, and Healers were doctors and veterinarians, to name a few.
Rather than sharing a collective vault with all the information gathered over the centuries pooled together, each Guardian kept their own and they didn’t share amongst themselves unless there was a reason. That meant that the information available in one town could differ widely from another. 
Though Angela was no longer a member of that neutrality, she was still our Guardian. Even she didn’t know how much news spread about me -- or if any of it was accurate. Whatever the were-animal knew or thought he knew didn’t matter. There was a more pressing problem I needed to finish addressing.
Because the two witches picked their jaws off the ground and their auras shifted back to black, eying me like I was something to eat. Though I understood their desire for more power could override any other emotion like a sickness, it never took long for their egos to lead them to believe they were more powerful than their next target.
I willed my body to the ground and laughed as lightning of my creation flashed overhead, knowing what I needed to do. They flinched as the deafening thunder clapped so loud, it reverberated in the ground beneath our feet. 
Part of my duty as an Earthen was to stop them. To take their stolen magic and any essences they took from their victims and return it all to the Earth, purifying it in the process. And that was what I planned to do.
“You have taken what is not yours and it must be returned,” I said with the thousand voices.
In response, the bleach blonde on the right shot a wave of dark magic at me, but it flowed over me like water around oil and I leveled my gaze on her. “If you know what I am and what I’m capable of, you should know better,” I warned. 
I raised my hand and power leaked from me, ripping the darkness out of them. 
They pitched forward and fell to their knees, coughing black smoke from their throats as more of it leaked from their noses, ears, and eyes. By the time the last of the black smoke left them, their auras weren’t black any longer. 
They were white. Restored as light witches.
Their appearances changed before my eyes as their brightened auras dulled to gray, reflecting their fear. Though the bleach blonde’s hair remained the same, the other woman’s raven tresses lightened to auburn. Color returned to their skin, removing that ashen, dead-like appearance. And their eyes changed from that unnatural paleness to honey brown and blue. 
Step one was complete. It was time for the second and final part.
I pulled the black fog toward me and it slithered over the ground like snakes, killing the dormant grass as it went. Then it lifted up toward my outstretched hand. Once it hovered there as an orb of obsidian smoke, I dropped to my knees and slammed my palm into the frozen ground as hard as I could.
The power purified as I forced it to absorb into the Earth and I watched as the trail of dead grass returned to its dormant state. As the last of that magic fell away, I panted and then stood up, leveling my gaze on the two witches in front of me. Their auras were a combination of gray and green as they glared at me.
“Don’t look at me like that,” I said, forcing the thousand voices to remain silent. “You stole what didn’t belong to you and you know it.”
I took a step toward them and kept my white eyes on them until they looked away -- a subtle dominance trick I learned from my friends that sometimes came to my advantage. Then I allowed the thousand voices to speak with me once more. “If you ever take what isn’t yours again, I will bind your souls to the Earth.”
Just before I turned my back on them and headed back to Angela’s car, the faintest bit of magic leaked from me and the iron shackles holding the were-animal to the ground opened, releasing him. He was still gaping at me with that same orange overpowering his aura when I turned and left them behind. 
Those two witches meant to kill him and that wasn’t something any were-animal would leave unchecked. Earthen or not, it wasn’t my place to stop him from doing what he felt was necessary.
My part was finished. His was only beginning.
Two minutes later, while the Chrysler’s tank refilled, I leaned against the side of the car and stared off in the distance. What I found the most confusing about what just happened wasn’t so much that I did it, but it was that I did it on my own.
That was the first time, since I learned to use my powers, that someone wasn’t there with me and, whether they knew it or not, acting as my strength. My actions -- or reactions, for that matter -- to what was happening wasn’t because of a threat to someone I loved. 
I did it because it was wrong. 
Dark magic as a general rule wasn’t good. But killing a were-animal for a spell raised the bar on evil. I saved the life of a man I didn’t know and prevented the ensuing chaos that would reign once he was dead.
God, but why did I believe that I leaned on everyone? Why did Connor think that, too? 
Of all the moments we spent together, and all the things he ever said to me -- including hearing his thoughts the first and only other time I followed him through his dreams -- it didn’t match up to his thoughts the previous night. 
Everything that ever happened between us seemed genuine. 
Beneath Shadow’s controlled and contented purple aura, we knew he hid a saddened loneliness. But Connor never tried to hide his aura from anyone. He said he cared for me, loved me, and wanted to have that child with me. Through it all, his aura never contradicted his words.
Seeing genuine happiness on his face wasn’t common, but the moments when he looked the part were worth remembering. And though the pregnancy was unexpected, I thought we were both happy. 
Despite the dangers, it wasn’t just two Earthen witches as parents there to protect it. There were two alpha werewolves, a clairvoyant Shamaness that doubled as an equally dominant spirit wolf, the ghost of a seven-year-old boy, a Sphinx from the ancient Egyptian era, a family of pixies, and an army of undead, too.
The sudden image of a toddler flashed through my mind and a smile spread across my face. I imagined peals of laughter echoing through Liam’s opulent halls, all riddled with playful destruction.
Even if I was surrounded by deceit, the child was innocent. I saw nothing but hope and excitement for what was to come. And none of them were so callous that they wouldn’t risk everything, including their lives, to protect that life. 
At least, that was what I thought. 
Until it was all taken away.
A sob crawled up my throat and my vision blurred. 
None of that would come to pass. 
That was why I couldn’t stay.
It wasn’t that I thought all of the time I spent with my mate was a lie, whether or not his dream was true. It wasn’t that tragedy followed me, and in turn, haunted my friends. Everything in Nashville — from my grandmother’s clearing to Liam’s nest and the people within it — was full of memories. 
Full of daydreams and promises of a future no longer possible. I would face nothing but reminders of what could have been. And what wasn’t real. The nozzle thumped as the flow of gas stopped and I flinched from the sudden, jarring noise, grateful it pulled me out of my reverie.
I set everything back to rights, chiding myself the whole time. That line of thinking was doing nothing but pulling me closer to the inevitable. That moment the wall of numbness would crumble down around me and leave me with nothing but despair. Just as I was about to slide back into the driver’s seat, I froze. 
What I felt was faint, but unmistakable. Dark magic.
Chapter 18



My radar fanned out around me, searching for the source of the power I felt thickening the wintry air. But what I found surprised me. When I left the two women behind with their were-animal, they were normal light witches with no stolen magic. 
Though darkening was as simple as casting the wrong spell, there was only one way to increase their levels. And based on what I felt in that moment, it was as if I never removed their thieved powers at all. 
I didn’t know how it was possible, but they were there, behind that building, dark like they were when I first encountered them. And they were every bit as formidable as before.
When I met Connor, he told me his philosophy of everything is real and possible. I embraced it, not just because I didn’t know anything about the supernatural world I found myself in, but because he was right. 
Having an open mind when it came to dealing with all things unnatural saved our lives many times over. We didn’t brush anything off as impossible. But at the same time, we couldn’t fathom all the different possibilities of what could happen around us, like with Martin and Zoe being alive and inhabiting the same body.
From experience in dealing with Zoe, and my knowledge of supernatural lore, they siphoned from other witches, stealing power for their own. I didn’t know what else could give them a magical boost. 
How those two witches pulled it off wasn’t important. The fact that they darkened and somehow siphoned power left me with no choice but to get out of the car and deliver on my promise to kill them, when I wanted nothing more than to leave that place behind. 
The cold, late December breeze stung against my face as I made my way to the back of the building once more. Rather than hesitating to assess the situation, I rounded that corner with my power unleashed.
And I paused, gaping. 
Though the were-animal was putting up quite an effort to sound like a menacing predator without shifting, he wasn’t attacking them. Judging by the fearful gray in his aura, I guessed he was too scared to challenge them. The guy earned credit for trying, but the dark witches were ignoring him.
Whatever they wanted from him before no longer mattered to them. They knew what I was, and that I was still nearby, making me their new object of obsession. It didn’t take a genius to know they wanted to siphon mine. And take my soul in the process.
Zoe tried to do the same to me more than once. And even before the words left their mouths, I knew what they were going to say. The two women spoke in unison, “Einfrieren des Geistes,” the same German incantation that was meant to freeze my mind. Literally. 
Though my knowledge of traditional moon magic, both light and dark, was limited compared to Connor, I knew enough. They weren’t strong enough to take anyone’s magic without actually touching their intended victim. Even combined, they were nothing compared to what Zoe could do on the day we first met at the beginning of November. 
I let them think their incantation worked for a moment. And when the first signs of confusion crossed their features, I rolled my eyes at them. Then a pulse of magic shot out of me, tossing both women backward and to the ground so hard, it knocked the wind out of them and forced their futile spell to drop at the same time.
“When will you people ever learn?” I asked, holding back the thousand voices as I allowed my power to build another storm overhead. A bolt of lightning flashed and thunder cracked through the otherwise silent area around us and I bit my lip to keep from grinning at them. 
It was then that I noticed that the process of darkening again forced the blonde’s hair to change. “I have to say, you look much better with black hair,” I mused as the storm intensified above us. That much was true, but it didn’t matter.
All the while, the werewolf watched me, with that awestruck orange bleeding into the gray in his aura. “I knew you were too powerful to fall under their spell,” his voice was timid as he offered me a small, relieved smile, but his eyes wouldn’t meet mine. 
It took me far longer than I cared to admit, but as he spoke, I realized he was a werewolf. But he wasn’t an alpha like Shadow and Salvatore. He was a submissive. The world was already hard enough for others, and yet, there he was, a timid werewolf, surviving against all odds. 
I smiled back at him. “Thank you for trying to help me.”
As he nodded, our attention shifted to the former blonde as she, at last, remembered how to breathe. She gulped in air and raised her head off the ground to glare at me. “That should have worked,” she gasped.
Lightning hit the ground beside her foot and she flinched. But then her glare shifted to fear as I smiled devilishly at her. “I warned you about taking what wasn’t yours. I commit your souls back to the Earth.”
But before I could start the process of ripping their power and souls from their bodies, a wave of dark magic shot out of both of the witches. I tried to understand its intended purpose as it flowed over me like a tiny gust of air, but then I realized it wasn’t for me. 
It was for the werewolf. 
By the time that pulse of power finished washing over him, his shift was complete. Torn remnants of his clothing surrounded him on the frozen ground as he stood — a little smaller than Salvatore’s two-hundred-pound wolf frame — with his light brown eyes focused on me and his teeth in full view. 
Then, as he became a blur of red fur and white teeth, he lunged toward me, snarling and ready to rip out my throat.
Before my mind registered that the werewolf completed his shift and leaped toward me, my hands were already raised in front of me, holding him frozen in the air, with his red-furred paws extended forward, ready to knock me over.
In the beginning, one of my first lessons on Earthen power went beyond will and intention. Reactionary magic, or the ability to respond upon reflex was natural. Aside from an Earthen’s increased metabolism and magical ability, speed was my only advantage. 
Unlike were-animals or the undead, I was as weak as I looked, without any additional enhancements, which left me at a disadvantage if I needed to fight. But, thanks to Liam’s insistence for training and Connor’s unique blend of martial arts, I adapted. Because my power tended to make up for what I lacked. 
That moment was no different.
The werewolf’s expression changed from a mindless rage to a mixture of anger and relief in the blink of an eye. His aura mirrored the emotion, with that brilliant, angry green swirling around him.
The witches were weaker than I thought, after all. Though it was a relief that the spell only lasted an instant before he was back in control, it didn’t make sense as to why those two wanted the red werewolf to kill me.
Their action only succeeded in adding yet another item to an already long list of reasons why those dark witches were idiots. It was nonsensical that they would try to kill me. After all, they couldn’t take my power if I was already dead. 
Not only were they a few fries and a toy short of a kid’s meal, making a mockery of themselves, but they were willing to strip the will away from a defenseless creature and force him to act on their command. Though it wasn’t the same scope as the original spell they wanted to cast, it was close enough.
None of it sat well with me. 
After the years of abuse I endured as a child — both from not having a voice to stand against my step-father, and his aspirations of making me, willing or not, his Lolita — forcing someone to act against their will wasn’t something I took kindly. No one deserved it.
Were-animals weren’t defenseless creatures. Not by any stretch of the imagination. But that one in particular — both submissive and small for a werewolf -- was a rare breed. In the chaotic world we lived in, wolves like him often didn’t survive for long. 
They were easy targets without packs or an alpha to protect them, and they often couldn’t easily challenge their enemies or defend themselves in order to stay alive. 
Though it was hard to guess the exact age of the red wolf that hovered, frozen in the air in front of me, since they aged much slower than humans or witches, I still considered him lucky — since I already saved his life once before.
I tried to offer him a look of reassurance, but I wasn’t sure if he caught it, because The Obliviously Ignorant Duo tried to break through my hold on him, as if that would’ve succeeded in changing anything. 
They were still pressed into the unforgiving ground by the force of my magic.
Power erupted from me and it rippled around the red wolf. I watched as the two dark witches sank a little into the frozen ground, the pressure forcing their spell to break. I ignored the grunts of discomfort that came from them and let the hovering werewolf drift down until his paws touched the ground.
Then I released him. 
“I’m sorry you were forced to do that,” I said as he sat down and lowered his head, keeping his eyes low. Though I understood his nature, it still bothered me that he couldn’t sit at his full height with confidence. It reminded me of the time Martin spent in my childhood bedroom, teaching me to cower.
I ignored the faint tremble of nervousness that passed through his body and reached out to rub underneath his chin. He relaxed and leaned into my hand as a small groan escaped him. I smirked, happy that the werewolf was no worse for the wear. 
Submissive or not, he was pretty extraordinary.
But as soon as I dropped my hand and turned my attention to the two women behind him, he hopped out of the way. Though he didn’t make a sound as he moved, I could tell by his earthly signature in my magical radar that he stood behind me, instead of running away as fast as his feet could carry him.
That did nothing but make me respect him even more.
In my distraction, I didn’t notice the former bleach blonde snake her hand into her pocket and pull out a small, flat stone. As she touched it with the pad of her thumb, there wasn’t time for me to sense a massive wave of dark energy erupting from it. It threw me backward like a bomb went off before my heart took its next beat.
Chapter 19



Something wet was on my face. And it was moving across my cheek. Responding on instinct, magic erupted from me, and I heard a surprised yelp. 
The sound made my eyes shoot open, and I caught sight of the red werewolf hurtling through the air away from me. As he landed in a heap, I gasped, thinking I’d hurt him. But when he hopped to his feet in the next instant, a small amount of relief washed over me. 
He was okay. And yet it did nothing to ease the panic rushing through my veins. The last thing I needed was to lose myself in flashbacks, so I assessed my surroundings. 
My name is Aisling Green. I’m an Earthen witch. It’s December twenty-sixth, and I’m behind a gas station with a submissive werewolf and -- I glanced to my right and narrowed my eyes at the women in question -- two idiot dark witches I’m about to kill.
“Sorry about that,” I muttered to the red wolf. “I have a slight issue with PTSD.” 
A small whine escaped from him, but I knew its intended meaning. Living with a werewolf that rarely shifted into his human form made learning to communicate necessary. It was far from convenient, but it wasn’t right to force a shift just to save me the trouble of translating.
“I’m fine,” I told him and moved to my feet.
Brushing myself off, I turned to face the witches, still dumbfounded at their audacity. They didn’t know when to stop trying to kill me. If they were wise enough to surrender after they failed to freeze me into submission, I might have chosen to rip the darkness from them again. 
Probably not, but a girl could dream, anyway.
I was going to take pleasure in not only ripping all the magic from their bodies, but their souls as well. 
A small grin lifted at the corners of my mouth and fear engulfed their black auras, casting them in a strange monochromatic light. “That’s right,” I said as red washed over my vision. “You bitches crossed the line,” I finished with the thousand voices.
Their eyes widened as they took in my appearance, but they were right to be terrified. The increased sensation in my stomach not only told me Connor was closer, but that I lost consciousness when the last wave of magic hit me. For how long, I didn’t know.
I was livid. And I knew how I looked. 
My hair was still a mess, worsened by my fall to the ground, and I was willing to bet I looked a little dirtier than I did when I first arrived, which would only add to my disheveled look. Like before, I was levitating off the ground by about three feet with a storm intensifying over my head. 
But instead of white replacing the blue in my irises, they changed to red, which only amplified the intimidation. Sparks arced between my fingertips and they wiggled in anticipation of seeing those women spend their final moments in terror before dying. 
And in that moment, I reveled in the sensation, unable and unwilling to care about anything else.
A long whine escaped the red werewolf, catching my attention. My head snapped around to my left to look at him. To my astonishment, his light brown eyes met mine for a few seconds. 
All the while, his entire body shook from a combination of his efforts and the fear coursing through him. Even his aura matched the color of the swirling overhead clouds.
Then he shook his head, once, and I realized what he was trying to say in the small gesture.
Don’t do it.
Connor would have done the same thing. He would have reminded me there was another option. That I didn’t need to rely on my anger. And I didn’t need to kill those women.
 The red vanished from my vision and I willed myself to the ground, reminding myself that there was always another option. 
I could strip them of all their magic, preventing them from ever accessing it again. 
That brave little werewolf just saved me from doing something that would bury me in even more grief, guilt, and regret later. He defied every instinct he had as a submissive to meet my eyes and remind me that I didn’t need to kill. Because he knew enough about Earthens and their nature to know that we didn’t kill unless it was necessary. 
And sentencing them to death for their stupidity wasn’t a valid reason. A tear slipped from my eye and I whispered, “Thank you,” to my new friend before swiping it away.
Then I turned back to the dark witches, still looking uncomfortable as their bodies pressed into the frozen ground with their wide-eyed expressions matching the gray slithering around the black in their auras. 
In nothing more than a thought, I knew what I needed to do and I unleashed once more. But that time, it was out of love. For Connor. For everything he stood for. And every time he reminded me both who I was and what I could do even when I didn’t remember it in the heat of the moment.
For being him. Always.
“Rather than returning your souls to the Earth, I bind you from using magic. Ever again,” I said with the thousand voices.
Extending my hand out in front of me, I repeated the process of pulling the darkness from them. But instead of stopping there, I took every last bit of magic that was in their bodies, Then I erected a barrier around them in my mind’s eye, preventing them from ever using magic again, so they couldn’t inflict that harm on another living being.
By the time I finished purifying and returning all that power to the Earth, they panted from the fatigue of becoming human once more, but they were otherwise unharmed.
My magic fell away and I leveled my gaze on them. “You’re human now. Enjoy the rest of your miserable lives,” I said, low, as they sat up and gaped at me. I thought I caught a hint of relief in their features before I turned around and left them there to process their new realities.
For the first time that day, they did something smart -- they didn’t say another word. 
Everything was silent until I reached Angela’s aging blue Chrysler, still waiting beside the gas pump. I sniffed, blinking more massive tears from my eyes, and tried desperately to shut out the emotions.
It wasn’t until a low whine sounded from behind me that I froze. But not out of fear. 
I wiped those traitorous droplets from my cheeks, and then turned around to face the werewolf that followed me. The weight on his front paws shifted and he licked his mouth in uncertainty before forcing himself to look into my eyes once more with an unspoken question. 
Can I come with you?
After everything he went through since I arrived, he deserved a chance to live. He wouldn’t survive on his own. And we both knew it.
God, but how could I leave him behind?
It wasn’t really a decision at all. The submissive werewolf resisted every instinct in his body to stop me from doing something he knew I would regret by meeting my gaze. And he came after me without so much as a growl to the two former witches for their actions. At the very least, Salvatore and Shadow would’ve utilized fear and intimidation against them first. 
If I was being honest, I didn’t think those women would’ve lived long enough for me to make them human again if either of the two alphas were bound and almost killed for a spell. The little werewolf’s actions and restraint solidified my resolve that what I was about to do was right. 
Opening the back door with a small smile, I asked, “Want to come with me?”
He jumped inside the back of my best friend’s car and sat down like he belonged there.
I smirked, remembering the first night Connor and I took refuge in Liam’s home. When Liam wasn’t looking, Shadow hopped up on his red velvet Louis XIV wing chair. He sat there like it was a throne. And when he finally came over to greet us, he left behind a bunch of white fur just to irk the vampire.
Though the wolf in front of me wasn’t leaving behind tufts of red fur all over the faded, gray upholstery to annoy me, he still sat with the same confidence. I knew he would not only recognize Salvatore’s werewolf scent. With his advanced nose, I was willing to bet he already picked up on Shadow as well. 
We both knew that alphas immediately asserted their status to the less dominant by forcing submission to their command. But it didn’t seem to bother him at all. “There are two alphas in my group. Are you sure you still want to come?” I asked, still holding the door open and eyeing him for signs that he wanted to flee.
Air rushed out of his lungs, but he didn’t move. He didn’t even lower his head. 
His willingness to follow me and deal with two dominant werewolves only reinforced my belief that I was right to bring him along. 
“Alright then. I’m Aisling,” I said. “It’s nice to meet you.” 
Chapter 20



Several hours later, after two drive-through pit stops to feed a hungry werewolf -- and two immediate detours to the side of the road after so I could throw up from the scent of the food, the sun was setting in my rear-view mirror. The light blazed across the horizon in an orange that faded to red, then pink, and finally to a deep blue as the last of the day began to fade away.
I thought I could escape my awful circumstances. That somehow, by fleeing the familiar surroundings and people, it would be easier to hold off the inevitable. Hold off all those daydreams of a happy future. 
And yet, my body was still acting like I was pregnant. I didn’t know why, but each time I was forced to pull over to purge my empty stomach, I felt my heart break in two all over again.
That day was one of the longest of my life, both emotionally and physically. It took every bit of my energy to keep my mind from drifting to dangerous topics. 
And it helped that my new companion remained his wolf form, too. Needless to say, it would’ve been awkward having a naked man in the car with me. But also because I didn’t think I could handle an idle, polite conversation. As the hours stretched on, he seemed content to go wherever the car took us and his dozing only punctuated his willingness to stay with me.
As much as I wanted to keep driving, I found that as the sun slipped past the horizon, what little remained of my energy left with it. And exhaustion wouldn’t begin to cover how I felt. 
The steady in and out of the sleeping werewolf’s breathing mixed with his light snoring and the rumbling sound of the highway was almost hypnotic. It did nothing but lull me toward sleep.
I needed to stop. 
Grim resignation fell over me. I would risk falling asleep at the wheel if I kept driving. That also meant that Connor and anyone that joined him would catch up to me in the night. Before I could rest for long. 
My time was almost up. Though it was sooner than I hoped, there was nothing I could do about it.
I wanted some rest before I faced Connor again. Maybe it would grant me the courage to tell him to let me go. Maybe it wouldn’t. But even I knew better than that. The longing I felt in my chest to see him was palpable. It was a deep ache that missed him. Called to him. I knew I couldn’t bear to see him standing in front of me while I spoke the words.
Even if the right thing was to let him go.
As I pulled off the highway, I realized that my excursion that day was one of the longest Connor and I ever spent apart. 
Sighing, I made my way to a lone motel a few miles off the highway that might as well have sported a neon sign that said BATES MOTEL with its foreboding, creepy façade reminiscent of the iconic movie. But I was too tired to keep driving in hopes of finding something that didn’t scream Psycho to me.
As I stepped out of the car and waited for my new companion to follow, I thought I might see Alfred Hitchcock walk across the otherwise abandoned lot with his little dogs in tow. Perhaps with a few blackbirds talking amongst each other along the motel’s rooftop for good measure.
I snorted at the absurdity of the thought. 
God, but I’m even more exhausted than I realized.
After I checked in with the Shelterer, I stepped out of the office and assessed the wolf, sitting on the sidewalk. Though he was was small by werewolf standards, he was still beautiful, even in the cloudless night. 
Smiling down at him as we made our way past identical sets of doors and small windows, I chuckled, “Well, Red -- can I call you Red? I just realized I don’t know your name.”
He snorted, which I took as something like a shrug.
Continuing, I said, “At least the Shelterer didn’t give me the first room. This place reeks of Psycho.” Red stopped walking and looked up at me with an expression I couldn’t place, and I froze. “What?”
Howling with laughter was an accurate description of what I heard from him in the next instant. His aura was an explosion of light blue from his humor and I half expected him to drop to the ground and start rolling. When that eased a little, his eyes slid closed and he started coughing, which sounded a lot like Shadow’s laugh.
I rolled my eyes at him and snorted. “Give me a break, alright. I’m tired.” Before I finished speaking I was already walking away, grinning like a loon while Red continued to chortle behind me.
Connor’s pull was intensifying in my stomach with every passing minute and I sighed as I unlocked the door, stepped inside, and then closed it behind my companion. Though I couldn’t gauge the distance, I wouldn’t be surprised if he knocked on that door within an hour.
Even by napping standards, it wasn’t going to be enough rest to face him.
After locking the door, I turned around. “As long as you don’t shift, you can share the bed with me. Sleeping next to a naked man I just met isn’t high on my list of priorities right now.”
Without hesitation, Red jumped up on the foot of the bed, circled, and then curled up, burying his nose beneath the soft fur of his fluffy tail.
I scratched behind his ear. “I’m glad I ran into you today, Red,” I said, low. “You may not realize it, but you saved me from a whole lot of regret out there. Thank you for that.”
He sighed, and his aura flared with orange. I wasn’t sure if it meant he was proud of his actions or amazed at them. Maybe it was neither. But the sigh told me enough.
Red was alone, and he was lucky to be alive. I saved him from being murdered, and he saved me from myself. We made quite a pair. And despite the circumstances of leaving my friends behind, I was still happy I found him.
If I didn’t run away that morning, he would’ve died.
With one final scratch under his jaw, I dropped my hand and climbed beneath the blankets. Without Connor there, a deep sadness fell over me, not only for my actions, but that I would sleep yet again without him. Even if he wanted to spend his life without me, it didn’t feel right without him there.
That did nothing but make my heart hurt even more, pulling me ever closer to the inevitable. I missed him so much it was a deep ache in my bones, but I couldn’t afford to let myself believe he was coming after me for anything more than a sense of obligation. 
For an instant, I wondered if I would be able to fall asleep at all, knowing how close he was and how soon he’d knock on that door. But as soon as my head hit the pillow, sleep pulled me under.
That was my first indication that something wasn’t right.
A familiar and unwanted sensation of being pulled from behind registered to my senses. I recognized it from being dragged out of my body and into another realm against my will. Like before, almost as soon as the sensation started, it vanished. But instead of finding myself standing in the Spirit Realm once more, I found myself standing beside the bed. 
Red looked up at me with bleary eyes but before he could snap to attention or even utter a sound, a strange magic leaked from me and he fell asleep in the next instant.
Not only did I not understand how or why I did such a thing, but waking up on my feet, when moments before, I was fast asleep under the covers made me pause. My confusion intensified as I walked out of the motel room and made my way to the Shelterer’s office.
With each step I took, I resisted and soon realized I wasn’t in control of what I was doing.
It was like being played like a puppet. A feeling I knew all too well. That horrifying experience was just another way the demon tormented me. 
With enough power behind it, a witch could create a specific spell, called a night shade to control dreams. In rare circumstances, it could force a person to do various things while they either slept or watched with no control over their actions. Not unlike sleepwalking.
Once again, my body was not my own. It was forcing me to walk away from the room I shared with Red. But no matter how much I tried to turn around and go back, my body wouldn’t cooperate. 
Is it possible that Zoe and Martin created a night shade strong enough to control me?
That thought terrified me. 
Sure enough, when I stepped through the office’s doorway and the Shelterer looked up at me with a pleasant smile on his face, I knew I was about to watch something awful.
“What can I do for you, ma’am?” the Shelterer asked, not realizing the danger he was in.
How could he? He was human. A neutral on safe grounds, but human. He didn’t know what I was, and he didn’t ask. That was how it was supposed to work. 
The man in front of me made no indication that he meant to betray me, and the last thing I wanted was to hurt him. 
I stood there, looking at the Shelterer, wearing a matching brown sweater, pants, and unsurprising brown boots set against his trimmed brown hair and brown eyes, he looked very unassuming. 
Under normal circumstances, I would have smiled back at him from his pleasantness alone. But I wasn’t smiling. I could feel the expression on my face. 
It was emotionless. 
Savage. 
No matter how much I struggled to regain control over my body, I knew it wouldn’t do any good. My shield wouldn’t activate because I wasn’t the one in danger. As the moments went by, his smile faded to confusion and then fear. 
That was when I watched in horror as my hand lifted and more magic I didn’t recognize leaked from my fingers.
No. Don’t do this.
A piece of paper on the reception desk caught fire with a small whoosh and the Shelterer took a step back, terror and panic written in his features. He realized both what I was doing and that I stood between him and the only exit in the small office, blocking his escape.
I wanted nothing more than to stop myself, tell him I was sorry -- hell, I would take anything but what I was doing in that moment. 
But my eyes locked with his and a slow, cruel smile spread on my lips as his sweater caught fire next. I didn’t look away as the flames — and his screams — filled the night.
By the time his lifeless, charred body was on the floor of the burning office, my body temperature dropped to dangerous levels and I was smiling so wide, I was sure all my teeth were visible. 
But that was the least of my problems. Whatever was happening wasn’t over. 
At a slow, leisured pace, I stepped out of the small room and into the cold, late December night and kept moving toward the road. The blood drained from my face as I turned to see the motel, with all of its old, iconic movie vibes.
I watched through a blur of horrified, icy tears as more of that unfamiliar power leaked from me and then more flames sprang to life, setting the whole building ablaze.
Chapter 21



Our chaotic world was a scary place, even after everything I dealt with as a child. If nothing else, I knew that for sure. Humanity and others alike would’ve died out long ago without fear as a powerful motivator for survival. 
And in that moment, I embraced my overwhelming emotional response to what was happening in front of me. Before the fire could spread across the entire roof of the motel, terror held me in its unforgiving grip. 
I felt that all too familiar sensation of the marrow in my bones turning to ice and my thickened blood crystalizing as it rushed through my veins. Shivers wracked through my body of its own volition, despite my lack of control, and at last, frost began to spread across my skin. 
With luck, whatever controlled me like a marionette would lose its ability to use me as a conduit for destruction if I froze over. So I begged to the moon — along with everything and anything else I could — for that resistance to set me free. 
One moment, I was battling against an impenetrable, metaphysical brick wall that connected my brain to my body, and the next, my body crumpled to the ground. 
The pain that wracked through me was blissful. Because I knew I was free. 
I didn’t know if my body’s reaction to the overwhelming fear was what saved me, but it didn’t matter. Whatever controlled me was gone and power erupted from me like it was shot from a canon, with a single-minded focus. To stifle the flames. 
It was too late to save the Shelterer, but at least I could save the building from complete ruin. And judging by my radar’s earthy signature of Red in the furthest room from the office, the werewolf was still alive. But he wasn’t moving.
Like pulling back a blanket, I reversed the magic that held him in a cocoon of slumber and I felt him stir for an instant before he sprang off the bed. As another shiver wracked through me, I reminded myself that Red would be alright. 
While I sat there, struggling to keep my breathing steady, I wondered if the intensity of the cold might end my life, because it felt like my frozen heart was ripping itself into pieces with every beat.
Despite not sensing anyone or anything aside from Red in my radar, the danger wasn’t over. I could feel it.
And when Zoe stepped out from behind the corner of the motel’s office, I wasn’t surprised. But that didn’t stop the suffocating terror from exploding within me. Crystallized blood drained from my face and more frost spread like wildfire across my skin, rooting me to the ground. Even the act of shivering became too much.  
I still wasn’t sure which was worse. Enduring the demon and his various attempts to terrorize me, or the duo of Zoe and Martin inhabiting the same body. Moving to stand no more than a few yards in front of me, Zoe looked down at me with those dead, black eyes and grinned.
“How did you enjoy that?” Zoe’s Australian accent was still there, but Martin’s voice spoke with her in unison. All the while, the blackness in her aura undulated around her like hazy, slithering snakes.
“Why would you do this?” I gritted, since my jaw was frozen shut.
She blinked. But it was Martin that spoke, devoid of all traces of Zoe, including her Australian accent. “Because that neutral helped you. And what better way to deal with him than forcing you to do it?” Then, he laughed, just like in the clearing the previous afternoon.
But that time, it did nothing but cause anger to rise within me.
The rage did nothing against the cold, but at least it wasn’t crippling me further. It was something I could work with because I spent most of my life fearing my step-father, and I didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of terrorizing me any longer.
I held on to that anger for as long as I could, but it was futile. The reality of what they were capable of and what they were willing to do to antagonize me in every way imaginable before they killed me was a debilitating thought.
Magic leaked from me like a light bulb flickering to life for an instant before dying. If I wasn’t too frozen to sag in defeat, I would have.
Yet again, I was reminded of what I lost. When the pregnancy symptoms started, my energy waned when it never showed any signs of slowing before. And there I sat, depleted like nothing ever changed and it knocked down every wall I erected to protect myself.
Tears filled my eyes and spilled over, freezing against my cheeks. 
God, but the baby. It’s gone.
There was a faint pained sound, almost like an agonized sob that registered to my ears. That odd, maniacal laughter cut off and I realized the noise came from me. Zoe leveled her black gaze on me. Then Martin spoke, “You know, it was just too easy to send that knife right into you. It was like cutting through butter.”
No.
I closed my eyes, trying to keep from thinking too much about what happened right after Connor and I were married. They took everything away in no more than a blink of an eye. Any hope of a future of happiness, gone in an instant.
And I would live with that awful reality for the rest of my days. 
If I survived beyond the next few minutes.
Without bothering to wait if I would respond, Zoe snapped her fingers and I heard a whoosh as the motel engulfed in flames once more. 
But it wasn’t just the roof. 
All of it was ablaze. As if they doused the entire building in gasoline after releasing me and then lit a match. 
After her resurrection, Zoe was still the same. With the exception of her eyes. She was no longer just a dark witch. Neither was Martin. They were far too powerful, joined as one. They were everything I wasn’t. A polar opposite. With enough power that I was beginning to wonder if I could ever muster enough magic of my own to stop them.
Behind them, there was a deafening explosion. The gas in Angela’s car ignited, taking the entire front façade of the motel’s office with it. As I watched, Zoe was nothing more than the figure of a beautiful woman backlit by a brilliant flame of orange light and heat. 
Her silhouette, combined with my crumpled position on the ground, left the craggy fingers of a flashback crawling up the back of my neck. I’d been in a similar position many times before. Except then it was only Martin standing over me with the hallway light casting him in shadow. 
In those moments before my torment would begin, he reveled in what was to come.
As if he knew what I was thinking, Martin’s low, husky voice traveled to me as if he was speaking against in my ear, “You’ve been bad, little girl.” 
The last thing I saw was the wide grin on Zoe’s face, her teeth in full view, and nothing but malevolence in her obsidian eyes. And then I spiraled into the welcoming arms of flashbacks, leaving my body at the mercy of Zoe and Martin.

Unlike what the spine-tingling sensation suggested was coming, I was surprised to find that I wasn’t stuck in an endless cycle of flashbacks. Instead, I hovered above my body like a ghost.
It reminded me of what Liam once described as astral projecting. I was still myself, but not in my own body. A testament to that theory was the fact that Zoe’s endless dark eyes were still focused on me, floating over the ground, not where my body remained, slumped over.
Regardless of the circumstances, I didn’t think I would ever see that new version of Zoe as anything other than terrifying. And that moment, when nothing could escape their notice, my terror spread. 
By far, the most disturbing feature was the pull of those obsidian depths. Even knowing the danger of losing myself to the oblivion, forcing my gaze elsewhere proved more difficult than when I was in my body. 
No matter how hard I resisted, my non-corporeal form was drifting toward them. Like they were twin black holes, consuming everything around them by their gravity. Including the light. 
“Oh, my,” their perfect synchronized voices drawled in feigned sympathy. Then Zoe’s grin widened. “Your body is just sitting there. And you can’t do a thing to protect it.” Speaking alone, Martin added, “It would be so easy to just snap my fingers and end you right here and now.” 
He was right. 
How I managed to separate from my body was beyond me. But what was worse, I couldn’t muster any magic to defend myself in that state. My mind reeled, frantic to figure out what to do. Because my step-father wouldn’t stop until I was dead.
“How does that feel?” they asked.
“How does what feel?” I responded, taken aback when my voice resonated from all around us — as if I was a ghost and not unconscious on the ground.
“Knowing you’re powerless against us, for starters. You can’t compete with the unknown. And believe us, there’s plenty you don’t know.”
I didn’t doubt that, but I also knew that they could be baited to reveal some important details. Plus, if what happened in the clearing the previous day was any indication, they were still susceptible to it.
With luck, that would continue to hold true.
A grim snort escaped me. “You thought playing nice with a crazy Voodoo queen and her practitioners would work? You never learn, do you?” I shook my metaphysical head in mock disappointment. “Still the same idiots.”
Zoe’s black aura flashed like a green neon light pulsing through black smoke as she bristled with anger for an instant before it cleared. It happened so fast I blinked in response, unsure if I saw it at all. I refused to think my attempts to throw them off wouldn’t work. I needed it to work like my life depended on it. 
Because it did.
If that one, little jab was enough to set off an instant reaction from them, then I could push them further. And that was what I planned to do.
“You know,” I went on, glancing at my transparent nails in feigned boredom, “unlike you two, that queen was creative and smart. She never used the same trick twice. It made her that much harder to track and kill. But I still ripped her head off her shoulders with my magic. What else have you done, I wonder?”
They waited, as I knew they would. But that angry green started bleeding into the edges of Zoe’s aura with more permanence. 
I fought back a grin before I continued. “Why don’t we start before you two were killed?” for emphasis, I used air quotes, which only irked them further. Something moved in my peripheral vision, but I wasn’t going to allow that to distract me.
“First of all, Zoe,” I shook my head once more, “you didn’t know when to give up. I mean, you took the ex-lover card way too far and raised the bar on crazy. You tried the same thing over and over again. Hoping to take my power and bring Connor back into your arms. And every time, you failed.”
The muscles in her jaw worked, but I kept going. “And Martin — you egotistical, sociopathic bastard. You thought I’d break when you sent people after me, knowing they would die. But let me tell you a little secret,” I dropped my voice to a whisper for emphasis. “That blame falls on your shoulders. Not mine.”
I grinned down at them as they glared up at me with that green, at last overpowering the black in their collective aura. “After you two idiots were supposed to be dead, you raised a demon. Ooooh, scary,” my voice dripped with sarcasm. “I sent him back to the prison he came from. But you didn’t stop there.”
“That’s enough,” Zoe and Martin growled in unison.
“I’m not finished,” I snapped. 
Their black eyes widened a fraction, but they stayed quiet, so I went on, waving a hand and gesturing to the general space around us, “This shit you’re pulling right now is old news. The demon did the same thing, only better. You two aren’t smart enough to be original. To keep us on our toes.”
 I blinked and found I was back in my body, still frozen to the ground. I didn’t know if they released some kind of hold on me, if it was my doing, or something completely different. Either way, it was better than floating above my body, defenseless.
Small victories.
“Our attempts might have failed,” Zoe and Martin began in that dual, Australian accented voice, “but they served a purpose.”
I waited, not caring enough to bother with a response.
“Don’t you get it, little bitch?” Martin bellowed without Zoe’s voice. “Everything hurt you in some way. You’re still alive, but you suffered.”
My eyes rolled as best they could, considering they felt frozen. “Oh p-please,” I shivered, “you’ve b-been doing that to m-me since I was t-three-years-old. Get some n-new fucking material.”
I knew what my step-father was trying to do, and I wasn’t about to let them unravel my emotions. 
I was too strong for that.
“How did it feel, when you thought Zoe took Connor from you?” Martin asked.
After Connor was forced to drink a potion that stripped him of everything he was and reduced him to an empty shell of lust for his ex-girlfriend, my heart was broken. When I thought my actions rendered the effects permanent, I felt my soul shatter. And when the spell failed, relief didn’t begin to cover how I felt.
 But I wasn’t going to tell them any of that.
“How d-did it feel, knowing it d-didn’t work?” I threw back at them.
Anger flashed brighter across Zoe’s aura as if it was a flashbulb. With a sharp intake of breath in feigned sadness, my step-father asked, “What about your unborn child?” A cruel grin spread in Zoe’s beautiful features, waiting for the final nail in the coffin to unravel me.
For the second time that day, red blanketed my vision. Then my body lifted off the ground until I levitated there, frozen limbs dangling as I glared down at them.
They wanted me sobbing in emotional pain. And I might have succumbed if I wasn’t prepared for the verbal assault. After all, Martin was a creature of habit.
Just as I hoped, my reaction threw him off. A little too well. For the first time since they walked into my grandmother’s clearing the previous day, Zoe’s expression looked … scared. 
And then, the silent, creeping creature that rounded the corner of the flaming motel moments before lunged at Zoe from behind. Red’s teeth were bared and ready as he sailed silently through the air, aiming for her neck. 
But before the impact, a wave of dark magic erupted from Zoe’s body and slammed into me, knocking me out of the air. 
As my frozen body smashed into the hard pavement of the motel’s parking lot, I felt the odd, yet familiar sensation of being thrust from my body and into the Spirit Realm once more.
And then everything went black.
Chapter 22



I thought that when I was thrust out of myself by a spell, I would be sent elsewhere. That when I arrived, I would end up in another realm. Or worse, find myself caught in flashbacks. Neither of those happened. The problem was that I didn’t go anywhere. 
Wherever I was, I was suspended in between. There was no indication of time. No sights, sounds, tastes, or anything to touch. No familiar sense of traveling. Only an infinite dark holding me in stasis and leaving nothing but my thoughts to haunt me.
There was something reminiscent about my surroundings. Except for my mind at full alert, my oblivion reminded me of the brief time between dozing and dreaming. But I wasn’t safe and secure, warm in a bed, free to doze and then dream. 
I was stuck, unconscious, and frozen to the unforgiving ground in front of the motel with Zoe’s nightmarish form standing no more than two yards in front of me. Aside from Red, we were alone. I didn’t know if he succeeded in injuring or killing them, but either way, I was vulnerable. But then I realized what was happening.
Somehow I was knocked out, but not unconscious.
From all the things I learned about night shades and dream spells, when dark witches were involved, it was never a good thing. The possibilities of what could happen in those generated dreams were terrifying concepts. And unless the spell was designed to hurt my physical body, my shield wouldn’t activate. 
The harder I tried to push my darkened abyss away and turn away from my awaiting nightmare, nothing changed. If anything, it seemed to hold me tighter in its grip. And the instant I stopped struggling, I opened my eyes. 
All it took was one glance, and I knew I was wrong. The only thing that waited for me was my own personal hell. It just took a little time to find me.
If the Spirit Realm was a place for ghosts and the dream realm was for dreams, then flashbacks were something else altogether. The problem lived within the mind. There was no traveling to its destination. At least, I never experienced it that way.
There was only my mind, body, and all my senses telling me that one second, all was normal, and the next, I was back in time. Believing I was still that little girl, alone and afraid, reliving something I wouldn’t remember until I returned to myself in the present. As if it was happening for the first time. 
In that instant of recognition, no matter how strange the circumstance, I knew I wasn’t stuck in some nightmare. 
I was no longer Aisling Green, the Earthen witch. 

There was so much beauty in the night. 
I sat awake, gazing out of my bedroom window into the starlit sky, I found myself daydreaming of a better life. One with the pale blue light of the moon filling my world with nothing but beauty — instead of nothing more than a beacon of hope for my sorry existence. I told myself over and over again, I, too, would live to shine another day. 
But those thoughts faded away as the sounds of my step-father’s heavy, drunken footsteps hit my ears.
Coming for me.
On instinct, I cowered beneath the window and my heart pounded in my chest, hammering against my ribs so loud I was sure the whole street could hear it. And there I was, old enough to remember what my daddy expected from me and why he expected it, kicking myself for resisting it.
I knew better than to hope, as I did every night in my younger years, that I would be spared. That my daddy would go to bed instead of turning toward my room. 
What was coming was what I deserved. I wouldn’t learn any other way. 
Though it took me far too long to accept that truth, I needed my daddy to fix what I broke. So I adjusted my position beneath my window. Kneeling the way he liked with my bare legs spread, washed in that pale blue light.
Sure enough, my door swung open and banged into the wall, revealing my daddy’s towering frame, backlit from behind. It shadowed his features and made him look more menacing to me. 
Like a boogeyman. My boogeyman. The one I created. The one I deserved.
After all, that was the point of my nightly punishments. 
I tried to be a good girl. I really did. But no matter how hard I tried, there was always something. A tiny mistake here. A low grade on homework there. Some nights, it was because I was so much of a disappointment that didn’t even deserve the air I breathed. 
And he was right. 
He was my father after all. Not by blood, but still mine. If he said I was bad, then I was. I just didn’t know how to make him happy. 
Make him proud.
That night, his anger was worse, but I didn’t know what I did to cause it. Whatever the reason, I was a terrible daughter for forcing his hand. I hated myself for it.
A few hard kicks to my leg and hip with his steel-toed boot were only the beginning.
He balled the material of my nightgown into his fist and lifted me up against the wall to land the first punch. He said was like Christmas morning, making me wait for that moment he would land the first blow. Not only was it a question of where it would land, but when. 
When he finished, he dropped me to the floor. 
I moved to my knees, spreading them wider than before on reflex. I kept my head up and eyes low, just the way he liked while he rubbed at the bulge in the front of his pants. I expected him to mutter something about how special I would be when I was ready. 
But he stayed silent, changing our nightly ritual. 
Somewhere in the back of my mind, when he stood there, looking down at me with that glint in his eye and that bulge even bigger than before, I knew my time was up. He wasn’t finished with me.
Instead of turning around and stumbling off to bed -- leaving me to clean myself up and attempt to sleep for a few hours before it was time to start another day -- my daddy did something else.
He picked me up and tossed me on my bed. 
And then I was caged beneath his body. 
Powerless. 
Helpless.
It didn’t matter how hard I fought, how much it hurt, or how loud I screamed, he didn’t stop.
He decided I was ready after all.
Chapter 23



I was me, once again. Aisling Green, a broken Earthen witch, undecided if I wanted to face the awful reality that my mind blocked the worst of Martin’s actions until that moment. If I was being honest with myself, I wanted the earth to open up and swallow me whole.
Could I stand to open my eyes and see Zoe standing there with a sly grin on her face, knowing my step-father was inside, watching me?
God, but how could I face anyone I cared about ever again? How could I face Connor? Hell, what about my own reflection in the mirror? 
Either way, I felt horrible. 
Dirty. 
I didn’t think I’d ever feel anything but broken ever again. For an altogether different reason.
Of all the flashbacks I ever experienced, that one was the worst.
It was bad enough that I grew up enduring the physical and emotional abuse of my step-father. He trained me so well that I took the blame for everything, whether it was my fault or not. I was raised to be a coward. And whether I liked it or not, even after Connor’s efforts to change it, parts of me were still that same, scared little girl.
I never acknowledged Martin’s plans for me until Liam forced me to unleash for the first time. The vampire’s methods were direct and brutal, but he needed to be. And in doing so, it resulted in a series of flashbacks, leading to a cataclysmic flood of emotions that morphed into one, potent feeling. 
An impenetrable wall of self-denial came crumbling down in a matter of moments as a result of Liam’s actions, leaving me with two things. A certainty that Connor would leave after learning the truth. And that I was more broken than I ever realized before. 
Power rushing to the surface as a result of having my proverbial legs kicked out from under me, and it revealed a horrific version of myself. Rage didn’t begin to cover what I felt in those moments.
Afterward, Connor vowed over and over that it changed nothing. That he would never leave.
But that was then. 
No matter how much I wanted to shut out everything and forget the last several minutes — as if that was possible after what I just witnessed, I knew there was no going back. I knew what would follow. The inevitable outcome.
If Connor’s dream the previous night was false and his vows of loving me and spending the rest of his life with me were true, then any chances we had were blown away by my new reality. No matter how I looked at it, we reached the end of our relationship. 
Mere days after discovering our child’s existence, I failed to protect it. Then, I refused to grieve with him, knowing he would never do the same in return. I left him and everyone else behind without saying goodbye. 
God, but I wrote a fucking note. And then I left. Knowing it was the wrong thing to do.
What kind of person does that? 
My newly unveiled, horrible past was like the last nail in the coffin. It was unforgivable. And the outcome was certain. I failed. In every way imaginable. 
Connor wouldn’t forgive me. He would leave. And everyone else would go with him.
It was devastating enough to lose our unborn child, but it was so much worse knowing my actions cost me everything else.
After all, that was what I deserved.

Gulping in air, I screamed. All the devastating emotions of my reality hit me like a freight train and I couldn’t do anything but wail as I felt that familiar, intense pull in my stomach. My frozen eyes were open by a sliver and even through the ice, I saw a familiar blurry outline. 
Just as I feared, Connor caught up to me. 
As the motel burned into the night, the orange flickering flames highlighted his features from behind. He knelt in front of me, those deep brown eyes assessing me while a sad, dark blue, fearful gray, and angry green swirled around in his aura. 
I couldn’t bear to see his face, but no matter how much I tried, I couldn’t look away nor close my frozen eyes. All the while, his confusion about my continued screaming grew. But instead of setting me aside and leaving me alone, pink bled into the edges of his aura and he pulled my frozen body into his arms, surrounding me with his strength.
I couldn’t react to the searing intensity of Connor’s body heat as he tried to hold me together even as my body thawed just enough to warm my tears, letting them fall in streams down my face. 
That did nothing but make me feel worse.
I wanted, more than anything else, to collapse in his arms and cry over the loss of our child. To grieve with him as I should have when I first woke up in Liam’s infirmary. I wanted to cry about my horrible past. And I wanted to crack. To dissolve into a million tiny pieces from losing him.  
I didn’t deserve him or anyone else. Not his comfort. Or his love — real or not.
Everything was tainted. Everything was lost.
I was too distraught to know, let alone care, who he brought with him to find me. Nothing registered to me except for a combination of guilt and a sense of deep, penetrating sadness that I didn’t think would ever go away.
My sobs and unintelligible wails filled the air. I couldn’t tell if I was saying anything, but it didn’t matter. If I let anyone continue down that path with me, I would do nothing but bring more misfortune to them. 
I was the deliverer of disaster. The magnet for mayhem.
No one deserved to endure that.
Revulsion washed over me as magic erupted like a bomb went off in the same instant, pushing Connor several yards away as the non-existent contents of my stomach tried to purge itself over the uneven pavement.
Magic continued to leak from me, keeping everyone away, and I couldn’t bring myself to stop it. Not even for Connor as he pushed back with his own magic in an attempt to comfort me again. As much as I tried to ignore it, I still saw the dark blue that engulfed his aura when I refused.
Despite the pain, I used every bit of energy I could muster to force my frozen body to curl in on itself. As I finished moving, I caught Red out of the corner of my eye.
He was on his back, shivering as fear overpowered his aura and pulsed like a winter storm while the two alpha werewolves towered over him. 
Though Salvatore stood at his full, towering human height, he was just as menacing as Shadow’s massive frame of pure, wolf muscle. Their auras swirled with a commanding purple and angry green as they used their combined influence to force my newest friend to submit.
I didn’t know how, but I knew they were considering killing him right then and there. That wasn’t something I could allow. “Stop,” I whispered, knowing they could hear me.
Shadow didn’t look away from Red, but Salvatore turned to glare at me with his yellow eyes. Green engulfed his aura and I winced, knowing I deserved every bit of the anger he felt in that moment.
“I s-saved Red’s life, and he s-saved mine. Three t-times, I think.” As I finished, I hugged my knees to my chest and squeezed my eyes closed. While maintaining the magic that prevented anyone’s approach, I reached out with my radar and felt over a dozen others in the area around me. Including my best friend. 
But I didn’t deserve anyone’s comfort. I wouldn’t accept it.
There was the slightest sensation of a pressure change, combined with a quick flutter of power in the air, and I understood what happened, though I didn’t see it. 
Red shifted into his human form.
Good. 
At least someone could talk for me while I did my best impression of an ice cube dissolving into the ground. 
“My name is Paul Creary, though I like Red.” 
I heard the smile in his meek, baritone voice, despite the situation and it made me like the werewolf even more. Though I couldn’t bring myself to look at him, I promised myself that I’d use the name I gave him because it made him smile.
“I’m from upstate New York,” he went on. “When I heard from the local Guardian that a pure Earthen was rumored to be somewhere in Indiana, I left. I didn’t have any money for transportation, so I walked—”
“Get to the point, runt,” Salvatore growled.
“Two dark witches found me, planning to kill me and use my blood to control were-animals ... I think,” he said. “Anyway, Aisling saved me.”
A few minutes later, he finished the story of what happened behind the gas station, leaving out the fact that I almost killed those witches out of anger. Despite being grateful that he spoke when I couldn’t, more guilt washed over me from putting a submissive wolf in that position. 
Tears continued to leak through my clamped eyes and I held my knees against my chest like my life depended on it, while the collective silence stretched on. They were taking in the information of what I did to save him. 
I was too cold and exhausted to worry about what my friends were thinking in those long, silent moments. But then again, I reminded myself, it wouldn’t have mattered. 
With doubt dripping in his voice, Salvatore began, “You’re saying you heard an Earthen might exist, so you came looking for one. But she found you instead. Just as dark witches were about to murder you for a spell?” 
Red replied, “Yes,” in little more than a whisper. 
“Why did you want to find her, little wolf?” Liam asked in his old-world accent. It hurt to hear the vampire’s voice, after what I learned the previous night.
“A year ago, I was bitten and abandoned. I didn’t know any of this existed and it didn’t take long to figure out that I wouldn’t survive for long. At that time, the Earthen rumor was my first and only hope. I wanted to help, even if it meant I would die trying. With Aisling, I at least stand a chance.”
“So what are we going to do with him?” Salvatore asked, as if he didn’t know what I wanted. For several long moments, I heard nothing but the flames raging through the motel and I realized he wanted a response anyway.
The last thing I wanted was for everyone to look to me for the answers. For more weight on my shoulders. I wanted to be alone with my misery and suffering. It was my penance for condemning Connor to the same fate. Not to mention everything else that I tarnished. 
It would justify my punishment. 
I resigned myself to making a final declaration. At least that was an easy one. 
The hardest part was yet to come. I didn’t want their pity, or for them to look at me like a pariah because of my past, but I knew they would. No matter how I looked at it, they needed to know the truth in its entirety. 
They didn’t deserve to be kept in the dark. But more than that, they needed to know why I couldn’t remain with them. Why I needed to be left alone. 
So I steeled myself, still clutching my knees to my chest as if it would hold my emotions together for a little longer, and pushed everything I was feeling inside until I could speak, if only for a few moments. And then, I promised myself, I could crumble once more. 
I stole a quick glance at Connor and regretted it. As soon as our eyes made contact, my heart sank and I looked away, struggling to remain in control. The pain he felt over my actions was obvious. It was in his gaze. Written over his features. Blazing in his dark blue, gray, and spotted green aura.
It hurt too much to look at him. To see the pain I caused, knowing I would only deepen it. So I kept my attention on the pavement as I spoke. “I s-saved Red,” I began with a shudder. “Both when t-they meant to k-kill him, and when t-they—” I sucked in a deep breath and tried not to succumb to the hell of my own past “—forced him t-to shift, and attack me.” 
Holding my legs tighter, I added, “After I broke their spell, I was so pissed, I decided to kill them.”
“You failed to mention that, Paul,” Salvatore growled down at the man, still cowering in submission at his feet.
“I’m not finished,” I snapped in a stronger voice than I thought possible with all the emotions coursing through my system. All the while, my gaze shot up to see Salvatore looking back at me with yellow eyes and an angry green overpowering his aura. 
The green intensified as he regarded me, waiting for me to continue. Though I knew I deserved every bit of his ire, it still hurt to see it blazing in those eerie eyes. 
With a long intake of breath, I said, “Before I c-could begin, I heard him whine. It was enough to m-make me stop and remember that a-anger wasn’t the way. It reminded me of ... Connor,” my voice cracked. “So I forced m-myself to calm down. Then I took their m-magic, binding them from ever accessing it again, t-then we left them behind." 
Fresh, icy tears fell from my eyes. "I didn’t w-want you -- any of you -- to c-come after me, but I felt you coming anyway and I was t-too exhausted to keep going. We stopped here to rest, b-but right after I fell asleep, I was up, walking to the Shelterer’s office. And I b-burned him alive. It was like the d-demon was controlling me all over again.”
“Go on, my dear,” Vlad said, low, sounding so much like his son, it made me pause and my heart constrict.
“It was Zoe,” I continued, unable to voice my step-father’s name. “I d-don’t know how, but it was like they were w-waiting for us to arrive,” I shook my head. “I t-think the only reason I’m n-not dead is that Red attacked her.” 
My lip trembled and I spoke in a whisper, “I t-tried to be your Earthen, but I l-leaned on all of you too much. It’s no w-wonder why no one really wants to be here. Why I needed so much,” I paused, searching for the right word, “deception. I bring nothing b-but tragedy.” 
The tears came so fast, I couldn’t see anything but blurry figures silhouetted by a flickering inferno. Clamping my eyes closed, I turned my attention to Connor. In a voice just over a whisper, I continued. “I failed you in so m-many ways. But the worst was l-losing our child and shutting you out when you n-needed me.”
I couldn’t stop my next words from tumbling out of me like an avalanche. “I don’t know why it t-took me so long to remember, but Martin didn’t wait to t-take what he wanted from me. I was n-never pure. I was his. I’ve always been b-broken.” 
The last words were so muddled by sobs, I barely understood myself, but they were out in the open, hanging like a heavy shroud over everything. I opened my eyes as revulsion wracked through me with a violent shiver. A deep sadness overpowered Connor’s aura as he took in my words from his position on the pavement, still held there by the force of my magic. 
Though I couldn’t bring myself to look at him, my next words were still directed at him. “Whether you loved me or not, you didn’t want this life. You should have left long ago. It would be best if you turned around and left now. Everyone should. After everything I’ve caused — everything I ruined, it’s for the best.”
In that moment, I felt the worst emotional agony of my life. And for the first time, physical pain wasn’t the reason I wished I was dead. After all, it was what I deserved.
Chapter 24



One second I was alone, and the next, Connor’s arms enveloped me. The one place I always felt safe and secure. All without realizing I dropped my magic.
And god, but I wanted his comfort more than I wanted anything else in that moment. 
There was no way I could accept it. He didn’t want to spend his life with me. The truth was a difficult pill to swallow and I was choking on it, surrounded by lies for so long, I didn’t know what was real. But, there he was, holding me with all his strength as I tried to push him away, all while sobbing in so much agony. 
Yet another question in a long line that plagued me since the previous night. Why was he trying to comfort me after everything that happened? It didn’t make sense to me. 
I refused to let my mind travel down that path toward hope. I knew from bitter experience that not much else hurt worse than crushed hope.
In all honesty, I didn’t know what to think, except that my friends needed -- no, deserved -- someone strong. Someone capable. Someone that could stand on their own and handle whatever life threw at them. They needed Connor to fix the broken supernatural world. Not me.
It would be so easy to go back to the way we were. Happy, in love, and surrounded by people that cared about us like we were family. But how could I go back to a life of denial? How could anyone, once the truth of everything was laid bare?
They needed to be free of the burden that was me.
If all my failures and shortcomings weren’t enough to make Connor leave, the knowledge of all my step-father did when I was a child would. Who would want to be with someone so damaged? 
Someone raped as a child? 
Why would he want to endure such a broken, wretched existence?
Even though my memory only resurfaced that night, it felt like I lied to him about something so important since the beginning. And there was nothing I could do to fix it, to take back everything that hurt him. 
But no matter how much I struggled, he refused to let me go. My frozen body couldn’t muster up the strength to pull away and I couldn’t conjure up enough will to push him away with my magic again. 
Maybe I just wanted a few more moments in his arms before the end. Our end.
“Jesus, Aisling, stop,” Connor said into my ear.
I couldn’t calm down. I would never feel calm again.
A sudden wave of exhaustion washed over me and I sagged against him. I didn’t even have enough energy to sob. I was conscious, but too raw to do anything but cry in silence. I allowed myself a moment to accept Connor’s strength holding me in one piece, but my mind continued to whirl while I listened to my friends. 
“Did I hear her right?” Angela said in a tone that caught my attention. Even I could hear the tiny tremble in her voice from grief. It made my heart hurt. In knowing the truth, I succeeded in deepening her wounds, too. 
“She said,” Liam began, but then paused, “Martin did not wait.” I caught the anger boiling beneath his controlled, old-world accent.
“No,” Connor muttered against my neck.
It was Vlad that spoke next. “I do not understand.” 
Tobias cleared his throat, pulling everyone’s attention to him. As I felt him move toward the infamous vampire, I could see him in my mind’s eye.
Where Liam, Vlad, and most other undead members of the group were groomed to perfection with a commanding air around them, Tobias’s unkempt hair, goatee-turned-beard, and relaxed attire of a dark t-shirt and jeans looked out of place. Yet at the same time, he looked ... normal. Compared to the rest, he seemed both the youngest and the most human.
With a sigh, the vampire spoke. “Her step-father abused her when she was little with the intention of becoming her lover when she was a teenager. We thought the death of her mother prevented it.”
“Sonofabitch,” Connor whispered as his grip on me tightened.
Just like that, the horrible truth was laid bare. The silence stretched on as everyone absorbed the truth. All the while, Connor’s hold remained, as if it was the only thing that could hold us both together.
After a few long moments, Vlad asked, “And what of the deception she spoke of?”
“That’s one of the ways Martin controlled her,” Angela responded. “She thought everything was her fault because there was always some reason to punish her. She believed that no one could really care for her because of those faults.”
My best friend knew me better than I realized. And she was right. Those beliefs weren’t unfounded. It wouldn’t change anything. No matter how they tried to paint it, the truth of my failures remained with me. 
The back of my neck tingled, but I ignored it as Dracula muttered something in that ancient language I heard Liam speak once before. 
“Exactly,” Tobias said in agreement. 
Why was Connor still holding me like his life depended on it? Why wasn’t he releasing me to the pavement where I belonged?
Why weren’t they all leaving me behind? 
The tingling in my neck disappeared and Connor began, “Aisling, honey.” He pulled back, smoothing my hair away from my face so I could look at him. “We aren’t leaving you, alright? I’m not leaving you.”
God, but did he just use sight to read my mind?
It didn’t matter. My eyes were opened to the truth. And they needed to go. 
Even if he loved me with every cell in his body like I loved him, he didn’t want to be with me. How was I supposed to feel comforted after that?
He shouldn’t have felt anything but revulsion over the news of everything. Including what happened to me as a child. He shouldn’t have felt anything but unforgivable and undeniable anger over my shortcomings since we met. But he was there, still holding me. 
The longer he waited to leave, it would hurt that much more. And maybe that was the point. 
At last, I found the courage. Magic erupted from me once again, forcing my mate’s arms apart and pushing him away. By the time his momentum stopped, his aura pulsed with one color — that sad, dark blue. He sucked in a shaky breath as he tried to hold in his emotion.
What was left of my broken heart shattered into dust.  
As my magic held an invisible, wide blockade around me, my friends stayed quiet as they looked down at me, crumpled on the ground with silent sobs. It was no use trying to hide my despair, so I sat there, hunched over, hoping I might dissolve into the cold ground beneath me.
“Why w-won’t you leave?” I asked. It sounded more like a wail than a question.
Not only did they understand me, but it was Liam that responded. “Because you are wrong, my dear.”
My sobs stifled enough to mutter a response, as I nodded, “That’s b-because I was wrong about everything. None of you w-wanted my burden. This—” I gestured the area around me, to the ground, and then at my lower belly, where the lifeless fetus remained within me as more tears slipped from my eyes “—is what I deserve.”
“Jesus, Aisling,” Connor muttered. “No one deserves that, least of all you.”
I shook my head, refusing to believe him. “What I d-don’t understand is why all the lies?”
“What lies, my dear?” Liam asked.
Anger washed over me. That was rich coming from him. I saw him as a worthy father figure. But he saw nothing more than a needy Earthen. Nothing could convince me otherwise.
Before I could respond, something slammed into my mind and everything went blank. I stilled, as all the guilt, the intense sadness, and everything weighing on me fell away, leaving me deliciously numb. To my surprise, I even stopped shivering from the deep cold radiating within me.
My eyes slid closed last, pushing out the last of my tears as I took a deep, cleansing breath. 
“Aisling, can you hear me, my dear?” Vlad asked.
In that moment, I understood what was happening. 
As the child of an Earthen himself, Dracula was powerful. Vampires and ghouls could use compulsion on humans -- controlling their minds to an extent, but Vlad’s abilities surpassed any undead in recorded history, without ever accessing magic. 
One drop of blood exchanged between him and another would establish a blood bond. Through a connection like that, even with others, he could connect with their minds on a deeper level than compulsion. He used it to let Connor and I hear the heartbeat of our unborn child before it was lost. 
And though I knew he could enter my mind at any time and take over, I believed he would never do it. Until that moment.
God, but what is Vlad doing to me? 
In nothing more than a blink of an eye, he took away my choice to grieve, to be angry with myself, to reject the comfort Connor offered me. He took everything away.
If he didn’t control every facet of my mind and body, livid wouldn’t begin to cover what I’d feel about his actions. It wasn’t right. 
And it brought me that much closer to yet another flashback, with that familiar sensation of craggy fingers crawling up my neck. I couldn’t bear to experience one again so soon.
That was the last thing I needed. But then my eyes opened, cutting off my thoughts.
“What the hell are you doing?” Connor asked as green bled into the edges of his aura and intensified.
“I am trying to understand what is happening here,” Vlad replied. “What caused her sudden change in rationality?”
It was Liam that spoke next. “While I do not condone this method of obtaining that information, I must agree. Something is not right.”
Then Salvatore asked, “What’s going on?”
“My father has used their connection to force her to calm down,” Liam replied.
“That’s a bad thing?” The werewolf looked at Liam like he grew two heads.
Without hesitation, it was Connor that replied, “Think about it from her perspective. She doesn’t like it when someone’s choice is taken away, especially hers.” After a long silence, he sighed, “Only for as long as necessary.”
“Very well,” Dracula said and then took a few steps toward me. “In your letter, you mentioned Connor’s dream. Tell us what you saw.”
In a monotone voice, I found myself recalling every detail. When I finished, I added, “I felt his emotions as he watched Zoe darken. And I heard some of the thoughts running through his mind when we were together. He didn’t want any of it, but he stayed to help me succeed. Nothing more.”
“Why do you want him to leave now?”
My head tilted to the side. I didn’t understand why he asked me that question, but I found myself answering anyway. “If it wasn’t real, he shouldn’t have put himself in that position. I never wanted to force his hand.” If I could’ve said, Duh, I would have.
I paused, and then shared what I remembered about the first few days after he came into my life. “In the beginning, he would be caring and gentle, and in the next moment, he would shut down. Despite confusing me, his actions felt real. Honest. But the inconsistencies made me doubt it because it’s hard to accept that anyone truly cares for me. Now I am certain I was right.”
“What were you right about, my dear?” Liam asked.
In that eerie, emotionless, monotone voice, I answered, “Since we are mates, I know he loves me. But he stayed to keep me close. If being with me was the price he needed to pay to keep me safe, then he would do it, even though he didn’t want it.”
By the time I finished, Connor’s head was shaking. “First of all, I dreamt of the night I met your grandmother in her clearing.” 
I blinked, confused. That wasn’t part of the dream sequence I saw. 
“Second,” he continued, “I was hesitant at first because of what happened to Zoe. I couldn’t bear it if you darkened, too. If I knew that Earthens weren’t defined by light and dark, my actions would’ve been different.”
Taking several careful steps toward me, he knelt and held my face in his hands. Their heat burned me, but I couldn’t react. “You are right about one thing. I never would have proposed, bound with you, married you, or wanted to have a family with you if I didn’t want to be with you.” 
He reached for my hand and pressed my palm against his chest, right over his heart. “This is real, Aisling. It’s always been real. I never lied to you.” Those were some of the same words he used when he first explained to me that he both loved and wanted me, but my mind was still trapped in Vlad’s web, so I couldn’t fight against the memory of it.
“My dear,” Vlad continued as his eyes flashed against the flickering inferno of the motel, “why did you run away?”
Connor lowered his arms, held my frozen hands in his, and waited.
“Before that dream-sight, I saw your conversation with Liam. You were discussing what would happen if I found out he only cared about me as an Earthen.” 
There was a sudden flash of shock on Liam’s face, but it cleared so fast I wasn’t sure I saw it at all.
My gaze flickered to Angela next. “I saw your conversation with Salvatore. You were considering taking Peter and leaving because of all the damage I’ve caused.”
She shook her head and those brown curls bounced from the momentum before her milk-chocolate eyes shifted to light blue from her anger. “We were shifted and running in the woods all night. We have never had a conversation like that. And we never will. Our place is here, by your side, Aisling.”
It was Liam that spoke next. “Vlad and I did not have any such conversation, my dear. What purpose would it serve to deceive you after you accepted my help?” 
That was a good question. One I didn’t have an answer for. 
“Duplicity,” he continued, “is for cowards.” The distaste written in his features was almost palpable and I knew he was referring to the betrayal of a fellow vampire he thought was a trusted friend. That trust almost cost Connor and me our lives.
“Please, continue,” Vlad said, pulling my attention back to him.
“After I woke up, my control was thin. I didn’t want to face losing the baby. And by staying in that house, with—” my gaze flickered to Connor’s “—you, I knew I wouldn’t last long. The reminders and the memories of what we had and lost threatened my control.” 
Looking away from the intense, sad dark blue in my mate’s aura, I took a deep breath. “If you chose to stay with me out of necessity, then I need to be the one to let you go. All I do is bring tragedy.”
“Elaborate,” Vlad prompted.
My gaze flickered across the small crowd, a dozen of my closest allies, including Red. “Everything was my fault. None of this would have happened if I was gone and Martin wasn’t around to terrorize us. You might have a chance to live normal lives. I wanted to protect you all from it.” 
My gaze flickered back to Connor. “You deserve a chance to be happy. No one can ever have that with me.”
Liam drifted closer and when I looked up at him, his eyes flashed against the flames. “My dear,” he began, “why did you choose this motel?”
“After the sun set,” I began, “I was too tired to keep driving and this was the first motel we found, so we stopped.” 
“How did you learn about your past?” Vlad asked.
“At first I thought I was being sent to the Spirit Realm after Red attacked Zoe, but it was just a flashback,” I droned.
Connor hissed, “Sonofabitch,” as he pushed his hand through his long, smooth brown hair.
“What is it?” Angela asked.
Liam replied, “A false dream-sight of conversations and a dream that never took place were all meant to fuel her fears and drive her away. Then a sudden need to stop for the night, only to be controlled and confronted while alone—”
Connor cut him off as a hopeful white bled into the edges of his aura, “She always described her flashbacks beginning with fingers on her neck — never like being pushed out of her body.” Refocusing his gaze on me, his warm hands moved to cradle my face. Then he offered me a small smile. “It wasn’t real, Aisling. None of it. It was a night shade.”
Chapter 25



Red shook his head, looking as lost as I felt. “What is that?”
“A night shade,” Liam began, “exists within the dream realm to manifest or alter the dreams of a specific person or group. And, if created with a powerful enough spell, it is possible to animate its subjects while asleep, like sleepwalking.”
If Dracula’s hypnosis wasn’t so potent, my jaw would’ve hit the ground. It made sense, but at the same time, I found it hard to grasp. 
That memory felt real.
God, but was it possible a night shade made me think I remembered it?
My mind stalled, like an engine, empty of fuel, and there weren’t enough fumes to keep the pistons firing. Tension locked every muscle in my body next and bits of anger passed over me. 
In response, Dracula’s control intensified, forcing me to calm down. I didn’t know why he was continuing to keep me in his thrall, but it wouldn’t matter.
The vampire wanted fast and easy answers, rather than giving me the time to respond on my own. Just like Liam’s method of driving me to unleash for the first time, Vlad's actions left much to be desired. And though I understood the effectiveness of its intention, I still didn’t like it.
I wanted to run from it, but I couldn’t force my body to move. Making coherent thoughts was difficult enough. It all boiled down to one thing. A very powerful thing.
Choice.
When the free will was taken from someone else, no matter the circumstance, my hackles rose and my body put itself on high alert.
No one deserved to feel so powerless.
Like a gentle breeze brushing against my skin before going still, my thoughts quieted.
“Vlad,” Connor warned, “we have the answers. Please, let her go. Holding her like that is only going to make it worse.” Though I couldn’t force myself to look at the man I loved, I felt his warm hands holding mine like they were a lifeline, and I could see the expression on his face in my peripheral vision as he pleaded with the vampire.
God, but he’s right.
He knew how I would react to the situation. How high it ranked on my list of unforgivable actions. And, as an Earthen, dealing with his own overwhelming emotions to will his magic into fruition, he was anticipating the severity of my reaction. Heads will roll would take on a whole new meaning.
Without explanation, Connor understood my PTSD from the beginning. He accepted what I went through as a child, and knew how it altered me as an adult. His was a voice of reason. And he often knew me better than I knew myself. 
I considered myself a lucky woman because fate chose Connor as my other half. 
Whether or not I deserved him, or if he would stay were questions for another time.
Since becoming an Earthen, I wished I didn’t feel so much, but in those long minutes I was sedated and numbed by Vlad’s influence, I wanted nothing more than to have those emotions restored. To continue the never-ending fight against them, as was my nature. If nothing else, it was honest.
Green engulfed Connor’s aura as a shockwave of magic erupted from him. It passed over me like oil over water as he growled, “Don’t make me say it again.” In the next instant, that power slammed into the vampire and his hold on me snapped like a rubber band. 
I sagged, pulling delicious air into my lungs as my emotions came flooding back to me. In an effort to fight against the onslaught of warring emotions, I tried to refocus my thoughts away from Dracula’s actions and instead to Connor’s understanding — his willingness to fight for me, instead of what I felt boiling through every nerve in my body. 
How else would he understand who I became as a result of Martin’s upbringing? 
He cared enough to know. 
But then everything fell away as rage filled me. Red blanketed my vision and magic erupted from me like a volcano. My body screamed in pain as my legs dangled beneath me by the force of gravity. I levitated off the ground, ignoring the deep freeze radiating through me, and glared at Vlad. 
The corners of his mouth lifted into a small smile and his blue eyes flashed against the firelight as he looked up at me without any shred of remorse in his features. Then, he nodded, as if to say, Welcome back. 
That did nothing but add fuel to my wrath.
“You son of a bitch,” I growled with the thousand voices and watched as that smug smile faded from his mouth. Though I couldn’t be sure, I thought I saw a hint of fear creep into his features as Connor released my hands.
Movement behind the vampire I was about to maim caught my attention and I watched as Red grabbed his head and rolled on the ground, yelping in agony. Then I took in the pained expressions on the faces of the ones clustered around Vlad, I felt a faint trickle of magic in the air and recognized it. 
It was mine. And I was hurting my friends. 
My red-tinted vision flickered down to Connor, still kneeling on the ground. But he wasn’t looking up at me. His hands clutched his head as he doubled over so far forward, his forehead pressed into the pavement. 
I gasped. That was almost enough to drop my magic.
Almost.
The last thing I wanted to do was hurt my friends, especially Connor, but I was too livid to stop myself. I could add that to my never-ending list of regrets later.
Just as I was about to turn my attention back to Vlad, my husband forced himself to look up at me. His eyes were screaming in agony. But then, to my surprise, his aura flamed with red and his eyes turned white. Electricity pulsed from his body, arcing between his fingertips.
Pride swelled in me. 
Despite all the pain I caused him in that long moment, he still unleashed.
“Just breathe, Aisling,” he said with his thousand voices as he stood up.
That phrase held significance to both of us in many ways, and yet, in that moment, I understood its intended purpose. It was my first line of defense when it came to reigning in my overwhelming emotions. 
It was intended to stop me in my tracks. But I was too far gone for his words to matter. 
I was out for blood.
Forcing his own thousand voices back, he continued, “Please, don’t make me do this.” I caught the desperation in his tone. And I knew that using his magic against me was the last thing he wanted. 
I didn’t want to fight him either, but Vlad took away my will. My ability to be me. Flaws and all.
He needed to pay.
Though the pain on my friends’ faces told me that whatever I was doing hurt like hell -- it didn’t register that my anger wasn’t directed where it belonged. 
I was lashing out and hurting everyone. Except for Vlad. There wasn’t so much as a hint of discomfort in his features. And Connor was trying to stop me.
His magic pushed against mine and then it wrapped around me like a cocoon, trapping my power inside its protective barrier and everyone sagged in relief as the pain left their features. 
That made me pause.
God, but Connor just nulled me with his magic.
Somewhere in the back of my mind, behind all that rage, I felt another surge of pride. When he failed to stop me with his words, he accessed his magic and used it -- not out of anger, but out of love. And despite still learning how to handle his power, he was strong enough to stand against me when my emotions overpowered me. 
The fury that rushed through my veins kept me from seeing that his actions were not only meant to protect everyone, but they were meant to protect me from myself.
“We need to get out of here,” Angela muttered, the relief in her tone was evident.
In an attempt to break Connor’s barrier, I shot magic at him. He fought against it and took a step closer. If I wasn’t so pissed, I would have been elated over what he was doing. But it was enough to make my burst of power sputter.
Taking his next steps in a blur, he plucked me out of the air and sped toward the road. I struggled against his hold, but a brick wall would’ve had more give than the shackles of his arms. 
Though I didn’t want to go wherever he was taking me, his power never faltered. I couldn’t stop until Dracula paid the price for crossing a line. I wanted the bastard on the ground, writhing in pain, swearing to me that he would never do that again.
The air around us warmed and I realized where Connor was taking me. 
We traveled down the gleaming, gold-inlaid mahogany floors of Liam’s newest bus. Passed by several rows of red velvet chairs with a King Louis XIV flair to them. And all I could see of the crystal sconces dotting the walls above the windows were dim streaks of light. 
It wasn’t until we were surrounded by barren metal surfaces that Connor’s momentum changed. The door to the back room slammed closed behind him as he set me down on my feet. Once I was steady, he stepped back, holding his hands up in the universal signal for surrender before my eyes and equilibrium registered that he released me.
“Aisling, please, I don’t want to fight you,” he said, reigning in the thousand voices as his aura continued to undulate with pink, dark blue, and green.
Standing between me and the only exit to the back room, I could see what Connor was doing. He was protecting them. Our friends. 
Vlad included.
He should have been on my side, like fate wanted. Not blocking me from the person I wanted to hurt like my life depended on it. My eyes narrowed at him, but deep down, even though I wouldn’t feel it until later, it made me love him more.
 I pointed to the only door behind my mate and spoke in a level tone I knew everyone with advanced hearing could understand. “Vlad needs to pay for what he did to me.”
“First of all,” Connor began as he held up a finger, “he didn’t know that would bother you at first. Second, it did allow us to figure out what was happening. Third, he knows now. Everyone knows.” He said the last two words louder than necessary, and I knew it was meant for our friends. “You gave us all one hell of a headache.”
His lips twitched and the sad, dark blue started to lighten in his aura, swirling with the same, conflicting colors of loving pink and angry green. But then gray started to bleed into it.
That caught my attention. 
God, but Connor is afraid of me.
The red faded from my vision as my magic fell away, leaving behind the deep cold that forced me to start shaking once more. My frosted fingers lifted and covered my mouth as I realized the full implications of my actions. Fresh, icy tears filled my eyes and spilled down my cheeks, freezing as they descended.
The white faded from Connor's eyes as his power dropped like he flipped a switch and then all the color disappeared from his aura, leaving behind that heartbreaking dark blue before gray sprung back to life and swirled with it again. His hands lowered to his sides as he regarded me.
“You’re afraid of me,” I breathed as I took a step back.
Connor shook his head once and stayed where he was. “Oh, honey,” he breathed. “I’m not afraid of you. I’m afraid of how much this will hurt you.”
I wasn’t sure if I understood his words, but I did lash out at everyone. It wasn’t Vlad’s fault for trying to expedite the process of figuring out what happened. As much as it bothered me, he didn’t do it with the intention of hurting me. I already had enough of that to last a lifetime.
And then I remembered.
We lost our baby.
In that moment, nothing else remained but the overwhelming loss and pain that coursed through my system. Taking another step back, I hit the metal wall and sank to the floor as more tears fell from my eyes, adding to the layers of frozen saline covering my cheeks. “I’m so sorry,” I sobbed.
Before I registered that he moved, Connor was there. His strong arms wrapped around me, holding me together. And as the moments passed, the compounding emotions we felt were brought to the surface.
Relief that I was back to myself. A combination of anger and fear over the night shade’s impact along with the unknowns that still awaited us. And sorrow from the weight of the child and subsequent future that would no longer come to pass.
For the first time, we were processing our new realities. Together.
Chapter 26



“I missed you, honey,” Connor whispered into the curve of my neck when the brunt of emotions passed.
A fresh wave of guilt washed over me and tears stung against my eyes. “I’m sorry for everything,” I breathed and gripped the material of his dark shirt tighter for good measure. Even as I struggled to keep myself from sobbing again, the doubts crept back in.
I wasn’t sure how long we huddled there together, but Connor never wavered. My mind continued to race and I couldn’t fathom why he loved me. Cared enough to understand both how I felt and why I reacted the way I did in certain situations. 
Everything was a blur of confusion.
I already knew that a night shade was responsible for what happened at the motel. Up to a point, anyway. But to make matters worse, I wasn’t sure about the previous night. The conversations I witnessed through my dream-sight were rejected with vehemence. 
And though the thoughts I heard in Connor’s dream rang true, what I saw had nothing to do with my grandmother and the night he stumbled into her clearing with a trio of deep scratches left by a rogue werewolf on his arm.
Was it possible that all of it was courtesy of a night shade?
That was a horrifying thought. 
If the goal was to amplify my worst fears and separate me from the people I loved and trusted with my life, it succeeded. Too well.
I woke up with enough doubt and believed, with every cell in my body, that Connor -- the man that meant everything to me -- was lying about wanting to spend his life with me. My thoughts reverted and logic went out the proverbial window. 
All the moments Connor spent trying to change my reactions and thoughts were gone in one night. Leaving me with the blame for every bad thing that happened since we met. That I was the one at fault, whether that guilt was mine to shoulder or not. 
Upon waking, I couldn’t convince myself otherwise. It never occurred to me to try. Instead, it pushed me back to apologizing over everything and nothing. Believing I wasn’t worthy of happiness. And taking the cowardly way out seemed to be my only choice.
But in that moment, with logic at last in my grasp, it left me with one question.
Did Connor want to spend life with me?
I didn’t know.
And I wasn’t sure what hurt worse -- the fact that I doubted his honesty, or that it was all true and he never wanted to stay.
I forced myself to release the material of his shirt and sit back against the unforgiving steel wall behind me. He let me put that space between us, but the muscles in his jaw worked as he regarded me. 
As if he read my mind, he asked, low, “Do you still think I lied to you?” His deep brown eyes met mine and it hurt to see the pain. On his face. Written in his eyes. All over his soul.
I wasn’t sure how to answer him, so I watched him and took in his features.
The instant I first saw him, I was captivated. Fascinated. And I didn’t yet know it, but I already loved him. Like loving him was preprogrammed into my DNA at conception. 
I remembered, when I first looked into his eyes, it felt like coming home. That feeling of being alive, as if I was hooked to a live wire, never faded. Never stalled. Nor stopped. It was a constant draw to be with him. 
Even in those first few moments after he saved me, before I even knew his name, for the first time in as long as I could remember, I felt safe. Days later, the only other time I experienced his dream, I remembered hearing his thoughts. I was drawn to her like a moth to flame.
It made me wonder.
Do I believe he lied?
“I d-don’t know,” I breathed with a shiver. And then I closed my eyes, breaking the last of our contact. More tears fell and my heart shattered all over again.
“Aisling, look at me,” Connor said, low.
I was trapped between him and the steel frame of the bus with nowhere to run. I couldn’t even open my eyes without him filling my vision. 
God, but could I handle it if my fears were true? Could I dare to hope?
“Look at me,” he breathed.
Despite the pain of moving, I pulled my frozen knees to my chest. It was the only barrier I could erect between us. “I d-don’t know if I can,” I responded.
“Yes, you can. Please, honey, look at me,” he repeated. I couldn’t help but notice that he didn’t move. As much as I wanted his comfort, I needed that distance. And he respected it.
A few soft murmurs registered to my ears before the bus’s engine rumbled to life. I felt the wheels begin to turn and the shocks protest against the uneven road, but I couldn’t worry about where we were going. 
Holding my knees tighter, I steeled myself and forced my eyes to open. First, I caught the sad, dark blue in his aura, but bits of pink blinked in and out of existence, glowing like fireflies around him. Then my eyes locked with his and my breath caught in my throat. 
He raised his hand in a slow, careful motion so it wouldn’t startle me, and pressed his palm against his chest, right over his heart. “This has always been real. You have always been everything to me. I wanted to marry you, bind with you, and make a family with you. It happened much faster than I thought, but I never regretted any of it. That is the truth.”
As he said those affirmations, I kept my gaze locked with his. His eyes didn’t lie.
And I wanted to believe him. 
God, with everything I was and ever would be, I wanted to.
But I couldn’t.
His dream felt like him, sounded like him.
As the seconds ticked by, I couldn’t fathom any kind of response that wouldn’t hurt. But my silence said more than enough. When he realized that his words weren’t enough, he frowned and I suppressed a sob.
Before I could look away to hide the pain in my heart, something changed. His aura, and that deep sadness that overpowered it, shifted. White bled into its edges, strengthening as his frown faded and the corners of his mouth lifted into a small smile. “I have an idea, but only if you want to do it,” he said.
Confusion didn’t begin to cover how I felt in that moment. What did he want that caused his aura to shift toward hope? And why would it cause one of those faint, yet beautiful smiles to spread on his face? At last, curiosity won. With a shudder, I asked, “What d-do you suggest?”
“Take your sight deeper and look at my memories.” 
My eyes widened in surprise. Though I knew I could accomplish the task, it was an incredible invasion of privacy. “You want me t-to...,” I trailed off.
Connor nodded without hesitation.
The fact that he was willing to let me access his thoughts and memories to prove his true feelings should have been enough to believe him. But if he was willing to let me hear for myself what he was thinking in those pivotal moments we were together, I couldn’t pass up the opportunity. 
It would erase my doubts. Permanently.
Though it wouldn’t erase the fear that he might leave me one day, at least I would know the truth.
“Are you s-sure?” I asked.
“You need this. I need you to have this. So yes, I’m sure. You can look at whatever you want, whenever you want. No more doubts, alright?” By the time he finished, I was on my knees, leaning toward him with my hands itching to touch his face. “It’s alright,” he assured me.
Reaching out, I laced my fingers into the smooth hair behind his neck, resting my thumbs in front of his ears. The sting from his body heat burned my skin and that familiar zing of his power ran up my arms, but it didn’t bother me. 
As he closed his eyes, I took one, last deep breath and then entered his mind.
Chapter 27



Connor?
I’m here. It’s alright. Look at whatever you want.
Steeling myself, I pushed deeper and images passed by faster than I could see for a few seconds. Everything was moving backward like someone pressed a rewind button. Moments I recognized flashed by in a whirl, but I knew where I wanted to start. After I found what I was searching for, the images slowed, stopped, and then started moving forward, as if I pressed play.
The woman that stood in front of him was more beautiful than I realized. 
It was Zoe....

Her straight, long, fiery red hair was backlit by the sun behind her, illuminating her orange, white, and red aura. Those bright green eyes were glittering with humor as her pink cheeks flamed in a blush. Then she smiled at me. “Do you always think about sex?” she drawled in that unmistakable, charming Australian accent before she giggled. 
I knew her voice as well as I knew mine, and though it was beautiful, something about her words bothered me. My humor fell away and despite knowing it would ruin her good mood, which grew increasingly rare as time went on, I couldn’t resist my countered question. “Do you always think about power?” 
Her smile faded from her lips and she squared her shoulders in defiance, a testament to her strength — in knowing herself, but doubting it all the same. “That’s not fair, Connor. I’m not strong enough and you know it,” she snapped and whirled around, walking toward the library that was only minutes from our motel room.
I sighed and glanced at my best friend, off to my left, dozing in the sun’s rays on a patch of grass beneath the only tree within sight of the decaying motel. Shadow was majestic. Two-hundred-and-fifty pounds of white fur, deadly claws, and even sharper teeth, curled up as if he didn’t have a care in the world. It made me envious of him. 
Light brown eyes opened for a moment and locked with mine. He let out a heavy breath before closing them once more. Though the purple in his aura didn’t change, I saw something else lingering there in his features.
He worried about Zoe, too. Knew that my attempts to stir her inner strength and force her to see that she didn’t need more magic to protect herself was failing.
Though I understood the threat our pursuer presented to the three of us, I didn’t want her to feel desperate. Despite assuring her that Shadow and I could protect ourselves and her against the dark witch, it wasn’t enough. 
Every time I grew closer to proving that her intelligence made up for any lack of power she possessed, he would taunt her. Send her packages — recognizable body parts, belonging to her lost family members. In an instant, any progress I made with her would evaporate in a puff of smoke. 
It would do nothing but reinforce her need to be strong enough with her magic to stand against him and protect us from her family’s fate when he finally came for her. Which, of course, was exactly what he wanted. The more power she amassed for herself, the more waiting for him to consume when the time was right.
I wanted nothing more than to turn her away from that obsession, knowing where it would lead. But no matter what I tried, I was still failing. I cared about her, and I knew she loved me. And yet, there was something there — something I couldn’t define — preventing her from trusting that we handle the man that tormented her. Together.
It wasn’t hard to guess that her family was long dead. Deep down, I thought Zoe knew the truth, too. That didn’t mean she’d admit it to herself. 
Maybe that was part of the reason she couldn’t let it go. By somehow feeling responsible for everything that happened to her family. Including the fact that our presence in her life made both Shadow and me a target, too. If that was the case, I knew her skills with denial well enough to know it wouldn’t matter how I tried to reason with her. 
Running my fingers through my hair, I pushed it away from my face, but it fell forward again as one thought passed through me.
It’s only a matter of time.
An hour later, after Shadow ambled off for a walk, I leaned against that lone tree in front of the motel, enjoying Into The Wild for the third time as the warm, New Orleans winter sun shone down around me. Though the tree offered a little bit of shade, it wasn’t much, and I was still sweating, despite the slight breeze.
A lone howl sounded through the din of music and chatter from the French Quarter a short distance away. My head snapped up and I searched for my friend. Shadow stood there, near the entrance to the library with gray, green, and dark blue in his aura, looking down at me. Zoe was still in there.
And something was wrong. 
Before I finished the thought, I was on my feet and running toward that small building as fast as my feet could carry me, dropping the novel and leaving my spell book behind without a second glance.
The dark witch was there. With Zoe. 
It didn’t matter that neutral locations were supposed to be safe havens. If the last time he confronted her was any indication, that wouldn’t stop him. I never should have let her go in there alone.
I needed to help her or she was going to die.
By the time I reached her in the basement of that library — its vault, the man hit the floor and his black aura faded away. 
Blinking, trying to force my eyes to adjust to the sudden shift in light, I searched for blood. I hoped Zoe stabbed him, but there were no signs of injury. One glance told me she didn’t use the knife in her boot at all. The hilt was still visible against her calf.
I refocused on her and my eyes widened. The gray in her aura pulsed before darkening to black and I stood there, in shock. She just killed a dark witch and took his magic. 
She’s dark. I failed. Christ, I failed.
My girlfriend darkened right in front of me.
The natural blush in her fair skin faded. Her fiery hair turned black as night, beginning at the roots, trickling out until no red remained at the ends. Her eyes met mine as she gasped with a look of awe from the new power coursing through her. And that vivid emerald hue faded so much that her irises were nearly white, rimmed with black.
What was done was done. There was nothing left to say. Zoe darkened and there was no going back from that. I tried to hide the pain — from my failure — from losing all of her as I turned around and walked out of that small library without another word....
Leaning against the light pole, feeling the chill in the air as the sun started to fade across the horizon, I watched the crowd of people, milling about around me.
The Guardian was hiding something. Jade’s granddaughter is here, somewhere.
A light caught my eye and my gaze found her, sitting in the Guardian’s car. That strange sensation I noticed in my stomach since my arrival intensified. Like I was wrenched toward the woman by some unknown magnetism.
Her aura glowed white and it was so bright around its edges that it hurt my eyes for an instant. When her eyes snapped to mine, the breath caught in my throat. In the next instant, except for my mind, everything around us slowed to a crawl, hovering with an exaggerated slowness. But then my confusion fell away.
She’s doing this.
Only one word resonated in my mind.
Beautiful....
One second, I was facing Aisling on her couch, and the next, she moved faster than I could follow with my eyes, turning me forward. When she came to a stop, she was straddling my hips. Then she pushed me back against the cushion to kiss me with more strength than I thought possible, cutting off my words.
A jolt passed through me in surprise and my arms wrapped around her, pulling her closer. 
She tasted better than the first time we kissed -- those unforgettable moments when I let her feel how much I wanted her. And just as she did before, she pulled me closer in desperation, pressing her hips against me and crying out into my mouth.
That was when I lost my control. My hands moved to her hips to let her feel more.
She cried out again and I groaned, wanting her more than I ever wanted anything before. Nothing could compare to what I felt for the woman kissing me like her world was ending.
But then my mind caught up with me and I remembered. 
Aisling is a virgin.
I needed to protect her. Take it slow. Do the right thing. I couldn’t take advantage of her like that. It took every ounce of control I could muster to push her back. I said, “No,” and shook my head.
My control was too thin and the ache to be with her was agonizing. And she was sitting on my lap using my logic against me. Begging me to make love to her. 
I couldn’t do that to her. Not yet.
As I spoke, reasoning with her as much I could to ease her desire, her red aura blazed with green, but I couldn’t make sense of it. I blurted, “Why are you so angry?” 
I never expected the rush of words that came from her mouth.
“Because you’re driving me crazy. God, Connor, but I want you. I want you so bad, I can’t stand it.” There was a second of pause before she went on. “I can’t believe I have to argue my virginity with you.” She sighed, and at first, I thought she was finished, but then she asked, “If I was anyone else would this be a problem?”
My mind froze. How could I respond to a question like that? I never wanted anything more. I loved her. But after what happened with Zoe, I couldn’t risk it. It would hurt too much if I let her in and lost her, too. 
Then, knowing it was a lie, I turned my head to the side in denial. 
Aisling stopped struggling as she processed my unspoken answer. In that instant, I regretted it. 
Tears filled her eyes and a deep, dark blue filled her aura, replacing the anger and the lust that fueled her bravery. “That isn’t fair, Connor,” she breathed and then tried to move away from me.
My resolve broke. I couldn’t bear to see her in pain. I loved her too much to let her suffer just so I wouldn’t have to. I sent a quick thanks to the moon for her manageable pace of a retreat and my hands reached out, catching her arms before she moved more than a few inches. “Jesus, Aisling, stop,” I said.
She blinked and tears fell down her cheeks. Tears I caused.
“I lied, alright? It wouldn’t have mattered who you were, because the feeling would be the same.” Despite knowing her hesitations and what she felt at that moment, I forced her palm against the front of my jeans so she could feel me. 
She flinched, but didn’t pull away as she said, “No.”
“That is real, Aisling,” I said and then moved her hand to my chest, right over my heart. “This is real.”
She hesitated and I released my hold on her, to reach up to her face. I wiped her tears away and I watched her aura bleed from dark blue to white and pink. The hope I offered in my admission made me want to say so much more.  “Everything that has happened — everything I have done, has been real. I didn’t want to rush because then you’d see how much I care.”
When she didn’t say anything, I went on, “Don’t you see?” I sighed, “You are dangerous, Aisling. You are dangerous because I’m in love with you.”
Her eyes widened as her aura flamed with more white and that pink darkened to red. It looked like sunbeams passing through the trees in autumn. Then bits of light blue lit up like dust bunnies around her. She chuckled a little as her blue eyes met mine and her fingers twitched against my chest. “Can you repeat that? I think I’m hallucinating.”
I smiled. 
She was alright. 
“I love you, Aisling.”
I didn’t expect what she said next. “I think I loved you before I met you.”
That was the happiest moment of my life....

Connor loved every second of his time with me, even the bad parts. Every action was selfless. And not one doubt crossed his mind. 
Until the day he proposed to me.
He wanted to go slow and do things when we were both ready. That day, he was ready and hoped like hell I was too. His worries were focused around my feelings and he kept asking himself, Is it too fast? It wouldn’t have mattered. I would have said yes if he proposed to me the day he told me he loved me. 
Later, when my sudden urgency to bind with him came up, he understood the logic.
Though Connor wanted to bind with me, once again, when we were both ready, his hesitations were selfless. He agreed and it triggered his change into an Earthen. All so he could heal me if I was injured. Nothing else mattered to him. Not even the power. 
The knowledge that I was his and he was mine by supernatural standards was a bonus.
In those first few moments he learned about the pregnancy, he wasn’t upset. Not in the slightest. He wanted to know how it happened, because others didn’t conceive without wanting it first. He felt genuine bliss over the news and he embraced the idea, even with the fears and inherent dangers of having a child in our chaotic world.
And when Vlad connected with us through his blood bond, allowing us to hear that little fluttering heart beating within me, he felt the same as I did. Overwhelmed with joy and love.
Deciding to marry on Christmas felt right to him. And, though I didn’t want to relive those moments after the kiss that sealed our bond, nothing mattered more to him than the lives of his mate and unborn child. He was happy I was alive, but grieved the loss of our baby.
As much as it hurt him that I shut him out, he understood and accepted it. True to his word, he dreamt of meeting my grandmother. There was no hint of what I saw from my dream-sight. When he awoke to find my letter, confusion didn’t begin to cover what he felt.
I tried to give him what I thought he needed.
But I was wrong.
He didn’t hesitate to come after me. And for the first time since he asked me to marry him, he thought he was being selfish. Not because he wanted to save me, or do whatever he could to make me happy and be there for me when I needed him. But because that was what he wanted.
What he needed.
Me.
Chapter 28



I sucked in a deep breath as I pulled away from the sight. The memories and thoughts of the man I loved lingered in my mind. Echoing through me. It took him a moment, but as Connor’s eyes opened at last, I locked my gaze with his, not daring to drop my hands.
Up to that point, it always seemed like he took care of me. Helped me embrace the threads that fate spun for me. All the while, I never saw how I offered him anything of value in return. 
Nor did I imagine how much it mattered to him that he could be there for me whenever and however I needed him. He loved me, wanted me, just like I did with him. And he truly wanted to spend his life with me.
Despite the rejection of his parents after becoming a witch, being thrust out into our chaotic world alone to spend most of it in solitude — even with Shadow by his side, since the wolf was more of a literal man’s best friend — home was what he needed. And he found it. With me.
Words escaped me as fresh tears spilled over. He was right. I failed to realize how much I needed to see for myself how he felt. Not once did I catch any doubts. True to his word, he never lied to me.
Without hesitation, I moved at my full speed and crashed into him, hugging him like our lives depended on it. His strong arms wrapped around me in response and he dipped his head to my shoulder to breathe me in.
I did the same, reveling in his scent of wood smoke. The scent that elicited a feeling of safety and calm in me, even before I met him. Though my grandmother smelled of apples and my mother of jasmine, wood smoke was the link between the two. 
It was rare in my younger years to feel content. But when the three of us spent time in the clearing with the fire pit ablaze and that scent infused in the air, I felt … whole. That was what Connor was to me. Everything about him felt like home to me. 
For the first time, there were no doubts lingering in my mind. No intrusive thoughts telling me that I didn’t deserve him. Or that he didn’t want me. 
At last, I agreed that fate was right to pair us together, without any hesitation or reservation. 

I sat, curled up on Connor’s lap in one of the red velvet King Louis XIV wing chairs that lived in the main floor parlor of Liam’s opulent Victorian home. His arms were wrapped around me and the sound of our daughter’s giggles traveled to us.
A toddler, with a head full of shiny, brunette curls, barely old enough to walk, waddled into the room. Those giggles turned into peals of laughter as Bugs tumbled in behind her. The gray feline held Connor’s spelled red ball in his mouth as he darted into the girl’s field of vision. Somersaulting through the air, he released the ball, hurtling it right at her chest. 
There was a streak of white as Shadow appeared and caught the projectile just before it hit her. With the ball still clutched in his powerful jaws, the werewolf dipped his head and pressed his nose into her belly, letting out a large snort and eliciting more squeals from her. In the foyer, I heard more giggles coming from Peter.
Connor and I laughed at the exchange. We couldn’t help it. There was joy and contentment in watching our child grow up, loved and protected. In knowing that no one under Liam’s roof would allow our little girl to come to any harm. 
But then, my thoughts darkened and the laughter caught in my throat. 
This isn’t real.
Liam appeared in the open doorway, dressed in the same expensive suit, crimson tie, and shiny black shoes he always wore. He looked like he was ready for a board room meeting, not play time with a toddler. But there he was, with one of those rare, wide grins plastered on his face. 
A woman I didn’t recognize with long, slightly wavy chestnut hair stepped into view behind them, pulling my attention away, with pink, white, and purple swirling around her. There was a tenderness in her gaze I couldn’t define, but somehow, I knew it was meant for the vampire in question. 
There was a small squeal as Liam scooped the little girl up and twirled her in the air before dropping her on his shoulders. Her little hands plunged into his perfect, manicured hair, and she proceeded to tousle it with glee. 
Those sun-bleached tresses spilled out around her fingers, and though it was rare to see Liam in such a state, my initial assumptions about his hair were still right. He would fit right in on a beach with a surf board. 
With one final glance in our direction, his green eyes flashed against the light in the room before he disappeared out into the home’s massive foyer with peals of laughter still coming from our daughter. And as Shadow and Bugs went running after them into a future that would never come to pass, everything went black.

Pulling back and out of Connor’s embrace, I caught the fading pink and white in his aura before it changed to dark blue. “Did you see that?” he asked as his gaze met mine. Whatever it was, he saw it, too. That was supposed to be our baby. Our daughter. 
I couldn’t formulate the words to describe how I felt. All I could do was nod in reply.
It broke my heart, to see one of the many moments we would never experience with her. And I was willing to bet that vision made Connor feel the same. In the end, my magic wasn’t fast or powerful enough to save her life. 
But it wasn’t my fault. 
The guilt belonged to Zoe and Martin. 
In a way, that glimpse was healing. If only we could have saved her. Protected her.
That could have been us.
Chapter 29



My mind shifted, moving a mile a minute, circling overhead like a vulture around what I thought was a flashback. Though Connor’s memories were more than enough to prove that a night shade was used the previous night, convincing myself that one was used to mimic a flashback in front of that motel was failing. Because every second and every detail felt real. 
Was it? 
The memory of it threatened to overcome me, and it left me feeling nauseous all over again. With that all too familiar metallic taste filling my mouth, I scrambled out of Connor’s embrace and started to heave.
He held my frizzed and soot-covered curls away from my face and ran his other hand down my back in a soothing gesture, waiting for me to stop. His efforts were appreciated, but there was nothing in my stomach to purge. 
As the heaves continued, confusion washed over me. Why were my symptoms from the pregnancy persisting? Was it too soon for them to stop? More importantly, why didn’t I expel the fetus yet? I wasn’t sure I wanted to know. Needless to say, I was dreading the inevitable outcome. There was, however, a little relief in knowing that I wouldn’t experience it alone.
When the heaving stopped and I pulled delicious air into my lungs, I met his sympathetic gaze and shivered. “I’m s-sorry,” I whispered.
“None of this is your fault,” Connor said, low.
I nodded. “I know that n-now.”
He gaped at me. “What?” If the situation was any different I would have laughed at the dumbstruck expression on his face.
“It took a long time, but I know n-none of this was my fault. I left b-because a dream spell brought out my worst fears. But the b-baby? She wasn’t my f-fault.” I sniffed as my vision blurred with fresh tears and I shivered again. “Losing her wasn’t m-my fault,” I said with more vehemence than I thought possible.
Connor’s warm hands burned against my cheeks as he caressed them. While his eyes flickered back and forth between mine, I caught the orange in his aura. I didn’t know if he was amazed or proud, but either way, I didn’t understand it.
“That’s the first time you’ve come to that conclusion on your own. Do you realize that?” The wonder in his voice and that small smile creeping into his lips made me pause.
Is it?
I thought back over all we went through and I smiled back at him. He was right.
He was always right.
“You’ve beaten your step-father again, Aisling,” Connor said, smiling while pink swirled with the orange in his aura. It felt like forever since I saw a genuine, unguarded smile on his face.
God, but I loved that smile.
Moving in a blur, I kissed him, hard. His strong arms wrapped around me and he held me against him. And when he opened his mouth to grant me access, his taste exploded on my tongue and I moaned breathlessly into his mouth. 
Our first kiss since we were married. And, god, but I loved kissing him so much, I never wanted to stop.
I needed it, more than I needed anything before that moment. It didn’t matter that we were in the back of Liam’s bus. It didn’t matter that I was thinking about the false flashback only moments before. 
Despite how it seemed to my senses, I refused to accept it was real. It couldn’t be. Because my love for Connor was far stronger than anything my step-father did to me. I refused to let Martin ruin another moment between us ever again. 
After our time apart, every cell in my body screamed for me to reclaim what I tried to leave behind. I wanted to possess him. Stake my ownership. In times like that, it overpowered all my other emotions.
His warm hands slipped up into my shirt, moving slowly over the bare flesh on my back and I shivered once more, but that time, it wasn’t from the cold. I smiled against him and felt the last of my body’s deep freeze melt away from the power of his touch. 
Despite everything — the rage, the grief, delving into Connor’s memory and all that came with it, followed at last with that vision — none of it was enough to warm me. Until that moment.
Only he could thaw me in record time. One heated kiss and a gentle caress were enough. And though my body wanted more of him, I didn’t think I was ready for it. Somehow, I didn’t think he was, either. It was, simply, too soon for more.
So I stopped and pulled back to look at him. 
His aura flamed with a deep pink while dots of orange winked in and out of existence. He breathed, “This is enough for now.” It was his eyes that spoke volumes. The moments we shared together were better than when we were apart. Even the bad ones. We both knew that much from experience.
 It was a promise. And nothing else mattered.
Two, blissful, quiet minutes passed before the whispers began buzzing around my head. A cacophony of a thousand voices all speaking at once. I froze when one moved closer, like the person was pressing against my ear to tell me a secret. Connor’s deep brown eyes locked with mine and a slow smile spread across my lips.
Before I registered the movement, he stood in front of me and pulled me to my feet. How he could tell the thousand voices were speaking to me, I didn’t know, but in answer to his unspoken question, I said, “Let’s go out there and I’ll explain to everyone what we’re going to do.” 
Unable to help myself, I hooked my index finger into his shirt’s opening, where he always left the top buttons open to reveal some of his velvety skin and a peppering of hair on his chest. Then I pulled him down for a quick, heated kiss. 
A small groan escaped from his throat as his aura pulsed with red before dulling back down to a deep pink. When I released him, he said, low, “You have no idea what you do to me, Aisling.” 
Reaching for the knob, I turned back to him with a devilish grin and met his gaze. “Yes I do,” I purred, and then opened the door, leaving him to pick his jaw up off the floor to follow after me.
I didn’t need to turn around again to see the smirk on his face, or the combination of light blue and pink swirling in his aura. I knew they were there. 
That was how well I knew him.
Even before seeing his memories and hearing his thoughts as he experienced them, I understood him far better than I realized. It was still nice to know that even the smallest of actions could pique his interest.
By the time I made it to the center of the main cabin of the luxurious bus, all of our closest friends were waiting, and their eyes were on me. Some of them looked at me like I grew a second head. I snorted, despite myself, and said, “At least we didn’t go all the way that time.”
Various snickers sounded from our friends. I even heard Liam wheeze, which was his version of a chuckle. 
“I didn’t realize either of you knew the meaning of restraint,” Tobias drawled, wrinkling his nose in feigned disgust for effect.
My lips twitched, but then I caught sight of Red at the front of the bus. He looked uncomfortable as he kept his head and eyes down, but at least he wasn’t naked any longer. 
Someone was kind enough to offer him a set of black silk pants and a muscle tank, used primarily during training by the men of Liam’s nest. Standing a few inches taller and bulkier than the borrowed outfit -- part of the werewolf package, even as a submissive -- the hem of his pants stopped well above his ankles and his shirt looked two sizes too small. 
As I stood there, I felt a sliver of lingering power that told me he wanted to shift. I wondered if, like Shadow, he felt most comfortable in his wolf form. If he did, then being surrounded by strangers would make him want to shift that much more. Adding two alphas to the mix wouldn’t help — because they wouldn’t allow him to shift.
The underlying fear and anxiety on Red’s face were clear, but I didn’t want to undermine their delicate pack structure. Plus, if anyone needed to ask him questions, it was best for him to stay human. I might have understood the logistics, but that didn’t mean I could figure out how to ease his nerves.
Liam stepped forward, pulling my attention to him, and asked, “What did you hear, my dear?”
My gaze flickered back to Red’s confused expression and for his benefit, I said, “Long story short, the voices of all the Earthens that lived before give me advice sometimes.” 
The werewolf nodded but kept his head down. I wasn’t sure if he understood, but that wasn’t the time to explain everything in detail.
“They gave me an idea,” I began. “We might be able to take action against Zoe and Martin. It won’t kill them, but it might give us the advantage.”
If the attention of every creature on the bus wasn’t on me before, there was no doubt after what I said. It felt like everyone leaned toward me with anticipation. Maybe they did.
“My question,” I said, turning my attention to Angela, “is about night shades.”
“What do you want to know?” 
“Are they inherently evil, or are they just the product of what their creator wants?”
It was Connor that answered. “They aren’t sentient, to the best of my knowledge, but they will continue doing what they were created for until one of several things happens. The subject wakes up, the spell ends, the witch that created it dies, or it’s blocked from its target.” Glancing around, he added, “Unless anyone knows something else, that’s all I know about them.”
When no one responded, I asked, “So light witches can create night shades?”
“I believe so,” Connor responded. “But I doubt it happens often, considering the limited information about them. There are a few applications I could see a light witch utilizing one.”
“Like what?” Salvatore asked.
“For instance, if I need to talk to someone, and can’t reach them any other way, I could use a night shade. It would be difficult to pull off, though. Not just from using a lot of magic to create it and a dream spell for us to share. We would have to be asleep at the same time. And though the night shade can help keep us asleep, it’s not impossible to wake up.”
“Considering what happened to me, I think they can force someone to go to sleep, too.” 
He shrugged. “Anything is possible.”
“That might have been helpful to know when Liam was kidnapped by Voodoo practitioners last week,” Tobias growled as the muscles in his jaw worked. Even without an aura, I could tell the vampire was angry. Though I still didn’t understand his intense reactions to Liam’s absence, it was obvious he cared beyond a nest’s subject and his master.
“The practitioners,” Liam began, “wanted me awake and weakened. Even if Aisling tried, the odds of success would have been low, would it not? Connor is right. There are too many variables in dealing with night shades which is why they are so rare.” 
I couldn’t be sure, but I thought the vampire’s tone changed. It sounded like a combination of reassurance and reprimand. Somehow, it reminded me of the way my grandmother spoke to me when I was stressed about something. I didn’t know what to make of it.
Once Tobias nodded in acknowledgment, Liam turned back to me. “What is it you want to do, my dear?”
“Tell me,” I began. “Who wants a little payback?” The eyes of almost every undead creature on that bus flashed as I said the last words. The thought of dishing out some revenge against those two that caused so much trouble for us was enough to have them salivating with anticipation. “I know what we can do,” I said with a grin.
Chapter 30



“They suggested creating a night shade to locate them,” I began. “If we could manage to put them to sleep and keep them under long enough for us to find them, we might gain the upper hand. But I think we can take it a step further.”
Connor crossed his arms over his chest as green started to pepper into his aura. I wasn’t sure if he was angry or undecided, but he stayed silent and waited as I explained. 
Ten minutes and several follow-up questions later, everyone on the bus -- with the exception of Connor, Peter, and Red -- looked at me with grim, predatory smiles. Even Jon, our designated chauffeur pulled off the highway to contribute to the conversation.
“Two questions,” Connor said, holding up a finger. “First, doesn’t this go against our nature as Earthens?”
The corners of my mouth lifted in a small smile. “Not technically,” I responded. 
His lips twitched, but his aura didn’t change. He knew what I was doing, but he was playing along. “Alright. Second, why do you need Angela’s help?” 
“Think about it, Connor,” I said. “Knocking Zoe and Martin out and keeping them under long enough to find them is our best chance to stop them. Plus, having them on edge might come to our advantage.”
 “You don’t like it when people have their will taken away. Why do that to them?”
“I’m suggesting we create some dreams for them while they’re asleep. I don’t want to control their bodies.”
“So why involve Angela?”
“Unless you have another idea, a locator spell won’t work on them. Angela can act as a conduit when we create the night shade. That is something we can find with her help. Plus,” I shrugged, “if they’re asleep, they can’t hurt us.”
“You thought using sight on Zoe was dangerous. Wouldn’t this put Angela in the same situation?”
 “You’re right,” I sighed. And glanced at my best friend. “I don’t think the voices would willingly put you in danger, but that is a possibility. If you don’t want to do this—”
“Sweetie,” Angela cut me off, “I’m so fucking in. Besides,” she shrugged, “I’m not defenseless.”
Connor pushed his hair away from his face, only to have it fall forward again as he sighed. “I understand why everyone wants to do this, but what you’re suggesting is a risk. Fighting fire with fire isn’t going to bring us any closer to stopping them.”
“But it might make them careless. That could be the advantage we need to stop them.”
“What if this just pisses them off? What if they retaliate? What then?”
Once again, I sighed. Connor had a point. And a valid one. Zoe and Martin already knew how to create several night shades with success and worm their way inside my head, bringing out my worst fears.
Could they do more than create night shades?
Am I willing to take that risk?
“They wanted to hurt me and then separate us so they could get to me. I don’t think they want to kill me yet. They just want me to … suffer.” As I finished, my heart sank and Connor’s aura shifted to dark blue in response, mirroring my sadness back at me.
The muscles in his jaw worked for a moment. “If we can catch them while they’re asleep, there’s no guarantee we can keep them under.” 
“But what if we could do both?” Angela stepped forward, holding up a finger. Then her brown eyes met mine. “Remember when the wraith knocked you out of your body and into the Spirit Realm?”
How could I forget? The memory of it still haunted me. We were attempting to rescue Liam and Jon, but instead, we were dealing with Voodoo-controlled wraiths. Those ghosts were so twisted by the queen’s influence that they were shells of their former selves. All they were was rage. I nodded.
“It is possible that ghosts can force someone into another realm. I know a few of them that should be more than happy to help, considering the whole mess with the Voodoo queen was started by Zoe and Martin. So many innocent souls were obliterated because of them. If they agree, I can be a conduit for more than just your night shade.”
Peter giggled from his position at the front of the bus, pulling our attention to him. He was no longer the ghostly little boy with a mangled face. He was corporeal. Possessing a seven-year-old boy’s vacant body, giving it life. 
While he rolled the spelled red ball back and forth with Bugs near the front of the bus, looking as happy to be with us as he always did, he said, “Mom’s like a walking ley line. She could send a ghost halfway across the world in less than a second if she wanted to.”
Though the term ley line was new to me in the context of the supernatural world, his words made sense to me. In a way. It just solidified my belief that my best friend was a badass. I grinned. “Your mom sure is extraordinary.”
“I know,” he giggled once more as Bugs rolled onto his back and swatted at the ball. Angela gaped at him for an instant before recovering.
After a long moment, Connor said, “I don’t think it’s a good idea, but if it works, it might give us a chance to find a weakness. A lot has changed since they died. There’s too much we don’t know.”
“I agree with Connor,” Liam said. “The unknown is a problem. I do not think Zoe is a dark witch any longer. They are something else.”
“Agreed,” Angela added. “However,” she raised a finger for emphasis, “they seem a little underwhelming. Yes, they threw knives with magic and brought some Voodoo underlings along. But after the wedding, all they’ve done is send night shades after you.” She shrugged. “Maybe that’s all they have and their power ends there.”
Hope flared with white in Connor’s aura. “That means—”
Angela cut him off with a smile. “We set a block against night shades, and if they try to retaliate, they’ll be stuck without their best weapon.”
As Connor grinned and nodded in agreement, Vlad stepped forward. A brief flash of anger washed over me over his earlier actions, but I forced it away. 
Ignoring the green he no doubt saw in my aura, he said, “If we plan to do this and make them careless, as you say, then we need an effective dream, do we not?” He grinned with his fangs in full view and his blue eyes flashed against the low light in the bus.
An hour later, while Angela and Bugs were traveling to the Spirit Realm, Dracula elevated the brutality of our plan to epic proportions. Armed with a list of horrifying scenes for the dream spell, I counted myself lucky that I wasn’t on the vampire’s bad side. 
“All set?” I asked once Angela and Bugs returned from their ghost recruiting mission. My question was rhetorical, if the look in her eyes was any indication. That normal deep brown was gone, replaced with an icy blue. She grinned and it looked more like a show of teeth than a smile, and a shiver ran down my spine. 
That was Angela. Spirit wolf or not, she could be downright menacing. 
Because she was. When she wanted to be.
“Oh, they were all over that plan,” she chuckled grimly as Bugs sauntered away to resume playing with Peter and Shadow. “They’re waiting for us to begin.”
After handing Connor a small bag with the various items and ingredients we needed to block Zoe’s night shades, William returned to his current chess match with Jorge. With a quick grin, he moved his rook and said, “Check.” 
For an undead creature, he looked rather unassuming. And that went to his advantage. It was as if he was plucked straight out of a bank in the twenties. His brown hair and eyes, matching business suit and wrinkled button-down, open at the top, only amplified that effect. It didn’t appear as though he ever saw a battlefield in his long life.
Jorge, on the other hand, looked like he was recruited from the Men In Black. But it was obvious he wasn’t human to anyone with a trained eye. Standing in stark contrast to his pale skin, his hair, short beard, and eyes were so dark they were almost black. He couldn’t be more obvious if he sported a neon sign above his head that flashed UNDEAD.
Beneath their façades, the two ghouls were deadly, just like any other supernatural creature in Liam’s nest. When they needed to be, of course.
While I was busy assessing them, Connor worked, combining small amounts of liquid from a handful of vials into two tiny glasses. Once the swirling liquid turned blue, he handed me one to drink. I tipped my head back and swallowed it like a shot of liquor, feeling the burn as it went down my throat. 
Instead of eating what appeared to be a small piece of chocolate first like he did once before, I wondered for an instant why he didn’t need it. But then I forgot what I was thinking as he tipped his head back and swallowed the blue liquid with agonizing slowness, knowing all the while how much I liked his throat.
My mouth went dry and I narrowed my eyes at him. He grinned in response with light blue bleeding into his aura before stepping closer to me. In that instant, nothing mattered but him as his hands reached for my face. 
As his chocolatey brown eyes shifted to white, an intense desire washed over me. It felt like the potion replaced the blood in my veins with gasoline and Connor’s electrified fingertips were the match that set it all ablaze. 
His aura burned with red an instant before his unleashed power filled the bus, thickening it with humidity as if a violent thunderstorm would break out at any moment. But his electricity and magic weren’t uncomfortable to me. Quite the contrary. It made my nerve endings tingle deliciously. 
While I tried to breathe and keep myself from attacking him in front of our friends, I clenched my fists, feeling the sting of my fingernails digging into my palms. That need for him took my breath away. Like I would spontaneously combust without him. But his hands weren’t roaming over my body and he wasn’t kissing me. 
Oh, god, but I wanted every bit of it.
Right then and there. Spectators didn’t matter. The events of the last two days didn’t matter.
I couldn’t remember what I needed to do. In all honesty, I was amazed I didn’t tackle Connor to the floor by that point. But then a pulse of his power washed over me and I nearly exploded with a powerful orgasm right then and there. 
Biting my tongue to keep from crying out, I forced myself to breathe. I knew how good those pulses could really feel. 
Though he held back the full force of it, I knew what he was doing. 
He was teasing me. 
Just as I was about to throw propriety to the wind and fling myself at my husband, someone coughed and it made me pause. I turned to see Liam’s lips twitch as he coughed again with suppressed laughter. “Let us finish this.”
Remembering at last what I was supposed to do, I nodded and forced myself to close my eyes. If I looked at Connor again, I would lose that sliver of control Liam gifted me. Promising myself gratifying retribution later for that little pulse of magic with grim satisfaction, I assisted Connor by setting the block around me like an impenetrable cocoon. 
When our power fell away, the heat disappeared and I sat down in front of Angela as Bugs took his place between us. My best friend put her warm hand in mine and after several long moments, Connor sat beside me, his aura no longer a pulsating red, but a respectable deep pink. My lips twitched, but as soon as he took our hands, completing our circle, we weren’t on the bus any longer. 
We stood in Angela’s mind — her representation of the world and her connection to it. Befitting her spirit wolf’s natural habitat, an infinite forest of interconnected trees that represented every living creature stretched out around us. 
We traveled fast, like birds flying through the night much faster than my eyes could follow. Passing thousands upon thousands of trees until we found it and everything came to a stop. 
A massive tree stood in the middle of a barren clearing, illuminated by the pale moonlight. It was black, radiating evil all around it. Though I didn’t know for sure until I felt their magic, that tree was Zoe’s. It was strange picking up on her faint scent of sweet raspberries, but as soon as the lingering stench of Martin’s beer breath hit me, blood drained from my face.
 “You ready for this?” Angela asked as she led us toward that menacing tree and knelt on the dry dirt to touch one of the exposed black roots that stuck out from the ground. “Don’t worry about me, Bugs is my anchor.”
The muscles in Connor’s jaw worked for a moment before he nodded. 
Unleashing once more, we willed our night shade to life, filling it with that long list of dreams, most of them courtesy of Dracula. Once we finished, a phantom wind picked up within Angela’s metaphysical landscape. When a black shadow formed in front of us, looking more like Zoe’s aura as it surrounded the dead tree, I knew it was our night shade.
“This is for our baby,” I said with the thousand voices, not caring that they wouldn’t hear me. 
“Now!” Angela shouted and her voice echoed through the surrounding trees. In the next instant, two transparent birds erupted from her chest and impacted Zoe’s tree so hard, the whole thing shuddered. When the ghosts disappeared inside the massive trunk, the countdown began. 
Chapter 31



“It’s done,” Angela breathed, releasing our hands. 
It took me a moment for my eyes to refocus. We were back on Liam’s luxurious bus and all eyes were fixated on me, waiting. With the night shade in place, my radar sensed it as some distant radio signal, pointing us in Zoe’s direction. 
A small part of me hoped that Zoe and Martin would decide not to return to Nashville, but I wasn’t surprised to find that the beacon pointed right toward it. With a faint sickening feeling in my stomach, I said, “Take us home, Jon.”
“Very well,” the massive vampire’s deep voice boomed from his barreled chest as he turned forward in the driver’s seat. The engine rumbled to life and we were on our way. 
Angela swept her gaze across the limited space, “If anyone wants to watch the nightmares, we need to be connected through touch so Bugs can guide us there. When we’re closer, Aisling can pinpoint Zoe’s exact location.” Then her gaze settled on her adopted son. “Except for you. You stay here.”
“I know,” the boy smiled in response, “I’m going to keep everyone safe while Jon drives.”
God, but that kid was incredible.
Bugs pressed against Peter’s little legs with a loud, choppy purr, and then dropped the spelled red ball between his feet. “Meh,” he half-meowed before sauntering back to Angela’s lap. The rest drifted closer and we became a complicated web of supernatural creatures with a powerful Shamaness and her Sphinx at its center. 
For the first time that night, I caught sight of Puffle as he landed on Bugs’s back, stretching out as if he was ready for a nap.
Liam’s cool hand pressed into the curve of my shoulder and squeezed in a show of support while Shadow rested a paw on Connor’s arm. 
Several seconds stretched on before everything went black for an instant. Then, like someone flipped a switch, a light turned on. As if through a one-way mirror, we were spectators in the dream realm. And we watched as a small opening appeared in the dungeon’s stark, stone walls. But what we saw come through it wasn’t something we expected. 
Zoe and Martin stood side by side as two people. As Connor squeezed my hand to remind me that I was safe, a relentless ice ran down my spine. Though Martin’s face was one I never wanted to see again, it was his appearance that made me pause.
Despite being separated, the dim, flickering orange flames of the cell’s torchlight were devoured by two pairs of infinite black eyes. 
In the next instant, our enemies were strapped to steel tables. Faceless torturers worked them over with various devices, reminiscent of the time Connor and I spent in captivity as a direct result of Martin’s actions. 
Fingernails were ripped off. Skin was burned, sliced, and peeled. Bones were broken and heads were scalped. But while Zoe screamed, Martin remained silent. And though those phantoms didn’t stop until both of them stopped breathing, the dreams were far from finished. 
Zoe and Martin stood once more, free from injury, taking in the dark forest that surrounded them. A howl sounded off in the distance and at least a dozen more called after it. The sounds of wolves closing in on their prey. 
“What the fuck is going on?” my step-father growled.
Several massive werewolves stepped into view, including a little white wolf with icy blue eyes that represented Angela. We watched as they slashed, bit, and tore at their flesh, saving vital organs and arteries for last. Then, as the last of their gurgled breaths faded away, the forest disappeared, and the two were again free from injury. 
“That bitch is doing this. I know it,” Martin spat.
Zoe stayed silent. But she didn’t look angry like my step-father. She was afraid. 
Terrified.
Her eyes weren’t black any longer. They were that eerie pale green with the outer rim of black. And her aura was gray, like a winter storm on a cold evening, not black.
She shivered, moments away from a blind panic as the next scene began to play in front of them.
Surrounded by medieval warriors, longswords slashed and axes whirled in the air around them while they stood there, defenseless. Zoe cried out as they were stabbed, sliced, and hacked away, all while Martin hurled a few choice words about what was going on. 
When they both hovered at the brink of death, the crowd cleared, revealing Dracula and Liam, shirtless and covered in the blood of their enemies. They each carried a large wooden pole with the end sharpened like the tip of a pencil. It was the same, infamous weapon Vlad was famous for, even before he became a vampire.
The two men flashed forward with their blinding speed as Zoe let out a blood-curdling scream that would haunt my dreams for the rest of my life. Vlad’s pole impaled her right through the heart in the next instant, just before everything went black. 

“No,” Connor muttered as he pulled away, breaking our connection to Angela, and scrambled to his feet. He backed up with fear and sadness engulfing his aura with gray and dark blue. Illuminated only by the crystal sconces along the walls, the pain was evident on his face. 
When he impacted the closed door to the back room, he breathed “Please, stop it,” and slid to the floor as Jon pulled the bus to the side of the road. 
The blood drained from my face as the bus came to a stop and the hydraulics hissed in relief. 
Oh, god, how did I not see it?
Once upon a time, he cared for Zoe. And then she darkened. He didn’t want to hurt her. It pained him to see her so afraid. To see her die in agony over and over again. After everything she did before we thought she was killed, he still hoped to find a way to save her and take her darkness away. 
He blamed himself for everything that happened, including her subsequent death. And we were torturing her in a dream. Though the exercise seemed satisfying to everyone else, Connor’s reaction made me see how wrong it was.
I couldn’t let it continue, even if it meant we couldn’t locate their precise location. Magic erupted from me like a guided missile, killing the night shade and ending the dream spell. 
With his knees pulled up to his chest, I wrapped my arms around him -- comforting him as best as I could -- the same way he always did for me when I needed it. “I broke the spell, Connor. It’s stopped. It’s stopped,” I repeated. And then I breathed, “I’m so sorry. I should have known.”
Hurting him was the last thing I wanted, and yet, I managed to do it. I failed to see through his hesitations and concerns. 
“It’s not your fault. No one knew they would be separated like that.” I waited, knowing he wasn’t finished. “I didn’t think the woman I knew before was still in there. But she is, Aisling. I saw it.”
“I know,” I whispered. “I saw it too.” 
I pulled back and took his face in my hands, the stubble scratching against my palms. My gaze flickered back and forth between his. Those deep, brown depths were filled with so much pain for what I put him through and I felt awful. “We will do whatever it takes to save her, okay? Together. I promise. We will save her.”
It took him a few moments to let my words sink in, but at last, he nodded. “Thank you,” he whispered.
Zoe was still there — a tiny part of her, at least, unblemished by the darkness and whatever happened that allowed Martin’s soul to enter her body. For Connor, I would do anything to separate them, kill my step-father for good, and save her life.
It was the least I could do after everything he did for me. I only hoped that those nightmares wouldn’t push whatever was left of her over the edge.
Everything was silent. I wasn’t sure what the others were thinking. About what we did. How it was all for naught. None of it mattered. I deviated from what those whispers said. 
Their instructions never steered us wrong before, so why did I let my thirst for some retribution stand in the way of stopping Zoe and Martin? After everything I endured in my younger years, I knew, even in dreams, no one deserved to be terrorized. And that was what I did to Zoe. I saw it written in her features. 
Connor’s was the only voice of reason, and I didn’t see the potential ramifications. And whatever those eventual consequences were, the guilt would be mine. 
If there was anything positive to take from that whole exercise, however, it was discovering that the witch Connor once knew was still there, buried beneath the rubble of her darkness. 
At least we knew she hid behind a façade. The worst of what was said since their sudden appearance at the wedding was only spoken by my step-father. That, in hindsight, made me realize that Zoe wasn’t a monster like we thought. Her reaction in the dream realm just brought it to light. 
And their differences couldn’t have been more striking. While Zoe’s terror mounted, Martin seemed to grow angrier with each new scene — all while his emerald green aura intensified. While Zoe screamed and cried out for help, Martin stayed quiet and simmered. 
That disturbed me on a deep level.
“Liam?” I mused and turned around.
“Yes, my dear Aisling.”
“Is it possible to get Martin out of Zoe’s body?”
“I do not know. Representation in dreams is always, shall we say, tricky.”
“I have an idea,” Red said, low as he kept his head down. Everyone turned to face him and he shrank back like someone punched him in the face.
“What is it, Paul?” Liam asked.
His eyes flickered up to Connor for an instant, “You said they were dead, right? How did they die?”
“Martin killed Zoe before Aisling killed him,” Salvatore answered with a warning in his tone.
Red raised his head a fraction. “How?”
It was Tobias that spoke next. “Martin snapped Zoe's neck and then Aisling ripped his magic and his soul from his body, along with the darkness from the rest of the witches that were there that night.”
For an instant, Red’s light brown eyes rose to meet mine before dropping once more. “Aisling, those two dark witches—” he paused. “After you took their power the first time, they darkened again within a few minutes without killing each other.”
I nodded, not following.
“You put their magic into the ground, right beneath their feet. I was watching them. They knew how to take it back.”
The blood drained from my face. “Okay, that makes sense, but…,” I paused, “Zoe was dead.” 
Liam waved his hand. “She was an intelligent, skilled witch, albeit a dark one, that much is certain. We also know how well-versed she is in supernatural lore. She could have cast a contingency spell, could she not?”
“Sonofabitch. Why didn’t I see that before?” Connor breathed, pushing his hair away from his face.
Catching my look of confusion, Liam explained, “A spell designed to continue after her death. One meant to revive her and absorb any magic lingering around her.” 
“How is that possible?” Tobias asked. “She was still dead when we buried her.”
“You have to think like Zoe,” Connor began. “Think like someone that knew they were probably going to die. And soon. I’m guessing she built a failsafe into the spell to preserve her body while waiting until all threats were gone, and then heal any injuries she sustained before rising. If it was me, I’d have waited at least a day.” 
He shrugged and then looked at me. “She not only re-absorbed her own magic but all the rest of the purified magic you put into the ground, that includes Martin’s essence.”
“Wait,” Angela said, shaking her head in confusion. “Dark witches take souls all the time, how is it that Martin is still alive?”
Connor leaned forward. “When a dark witch takes an essence, it transforms into magic, which not only kills the body it was taken from but the soul as well. That’s where the extra boost in power comes from. Aisling didn’t transform his essence before she put everything into the ground. Zoe probably absorbed it along with the rest of the purified magic.”
Liam held up a long, pale finger. “I believe others linger after death, into sort of an in-between,” he paused and then stopped. The reason for his hesitation wasn’t a surprise to me. Liam’s mate died defending the last living Earthen centuries before. To think that was what happened after her death was a heartbreaking thought.
It was something the vampire carried with him and we all saw that grief in his features in some form every day.
After a long moment, he continued, “They linger before moving on to the Spirit Realm or beyond. Power does as well.” 
“Meh,” Bugs half-meowed and dipped his head in a nod.
“Of course you would know that. You know everything,” Angela grumbled at the Sphinx. 
It was Vlad that spoke next. “So the intention was to pull in any magic around her. But since Martin’s soul was never transformed, the spell pulled him in as well?”
“Yes,” Connor nodded. “It doesn’t seem like he’s more than a ghost partially possessing a body. If that’s true, then we should be able to remove him. Possibly with Angela’s help.”
My shoulders slumped. The odds were stacked against us. Not only would we need to incapacitate Zoe’s body, which would take an enormous amount of power, but we’d need to rip Martin from her. 
All without killing her in the process.
No pressure. 
After a long moment, Liam muttered, “Jon, drive us home, if you please. I would like to wash away the soot and remove the scenes of an old horror movie playing in my head as soon as possible.”
I snorted and some of the tension fell from my shoulders. “When we first arrived, I kept thinking Hitchcock would walk out from one of the rooms, or that I’d find that Norman Bates was the Shelterer inside.”
The vampire’s lips twitched. “Touché, my dear.” 
“See, Red?” I said, trying not to laugh. “I’m not the only one.” 
Though the werewolf didn’t look up at me, he still tried to hide his chuckles.
When I turned to Connor, the dark blue was lightening as pink started to bleed into his aura. “What?” I asked.
Shaking his head, he suppressed a snort. “Nothing.” 
Liam added with a slight grin, “You are nothing if not predictable in some regards, my dear.” It was then that I realized the vampire’s intent. He was trying to ease the stifling air of tension that hovered around us.
Various sounds of agreement echoed throughout the bus. Angela and Connor tried, but failed, to keep from laughing. Jon’s wide grin reflected back at me in the rear view mirror and I couldn’t help but smile back, appreciating every one of them. 
For never giving up on me.
Once we were moving again and the chuckles died down, the guilt started to rise once more. I sighed, “I’m sorry I ruined our chance to find Zoe.” I wasn’t sure if I was talking to myself, Connor, or everyone else. But it didn’t matter.
“My dear,” Liam stepped toward me and rested his cool palms against my shoulders. All signs of his previous humor were gone from his features and his green eyes searched mine for a long moment before they flashed against the low light. “I believe the intention was to show you that Zoe and Martin are not irrevocably entwined.”
Just as I was about to fling a dozen questions at the vampire, I froze. 
The whispers began as a faint murmur beneath the bus’s rumbling engine, but they grew in intensity, whizzing by like they were birds dancing in the fresh, springtime air. And, even though they were in my head, I heard them as if they were all around me.
While I listened to the flitting voices, trying, to no avail, to pick up on something intelligible, one came to a stop right beside my ear after a long moment and sighed. “Now you know. Save her. Save the witch,” it said.
Chapter 32



Dawn was breaking by the time we arrived at our destination. The sun was trapped behind a dense layer of clouds, leaving Nashville’s hilly landscape with a sheen of frost and a low haze of fog creeping along the ground. It made the already dreamlike appearance of Indiana’s rustic town feel more enchanted than ever.
I leaned into Connor’s embrace, watching the vast stretches of farmlands pass us by, still exhausted, but too frazzled to rest. He was still processing that strange prophecy delivered by one of my thousand voices. What significance was Zoe to the future? That was a question none of us could answer.
Not one to pass time in silence, Angela mused about Red’s actions. “Since Paul learned of your existence and came looking for you, it stands to reason there might be other supernatural creatures looking as well.”
She chewed on her lip for a moment before continuing. “Whether they want to help you is another question, but I think it’s worth checking.” Though she worded her statement carefully, I didn’t think it was an accusation against Red. It seemed more like a cautionary warning. “Hopefully some other Guardians will talk to me.” 
“While you’re doing that,” I began, pulling myself out of my reverie, “can you see if there’s been talk of another Earthen? If we’re lucky, we can keep that secret for a little longer.”
“Another Earthen?” Red blurted as his eyes widened in shock. 
Before anyone could respond, Shadow was on his feet, snarling. Peter froze beside him in surprise with the spelled ball still in his hands. 
Red dropped his head. “I’m sorry. It wasn’t my place to ask.”
“It’s alright, Shadow,” I said. “He saved me more than once. I think he deserves a little trust.” 
After several long moments of staring the new werewolf down, Shadow finally relaxed and settled his brown eyes on me. His massive white form sank back to the floor with a loud huff and pawed at the boy’s hand to commence playing.
“Do you wish for me to fill him in, my dear?” Liam asked.
I nodded. “Please.”
By the time Jon pulled the bus onto Orchard Road and passed through the magical barrier that surrounded Liam’s home, Red practically vibrated from excitement as he absorbed the information. Hope and amazement flared in his aura with white and orange, and, once again, he vowed his life to helping us with our cause. 
I didn’t think it was necessary, but I appreciated the sentiment. Though Liam and both of the alpha werewolves accepted his vow, I still caught the look of skepticism on Salvatore’s features before he looked away.
The trek to our suite felt like it took forever, and I was ready to topple over. The low light from the crystal sconces and the flickering flames in the hearth glinted off the shiny surfaces and made the room look as though fireflies were dancing through it. Though I wanted nothing more than to sleep, I needed something else. 
As if he read my mind, Connor took my hand and said, “Why don’t we take a shower and then we can sleep?”
“Admit it,” I snorted, looking up at him. “I look like hell.”
A small chuckle escaped him and his aura flared with light blue for an instant before fading back to pink and purple. His default colors were no longer tinged with dark blue. “I said this before, and I’ll say it again, you’re always beautiful. Soot and tear stains included.”
I smiled at the memory. Even when I was riddled with injuries from our time spent in a torture dungeon at the time, he said I was beautiful. He never failed to make me feel better. 
“Come on,” he smiled and led me to the bathroom. His magic filled the room as we entered and the water turned on in the shower, filling it with steam an instant later. 
After a slow kiss, he helped me out of my clothes before removing his. 
Even though I stood there naked, I didn’t feel self-conscious, which was rather unexpected for me. But then I realized something important and froze.
“What’s wrong?” he asked and moved toward me.
As hard as it was for me to say it, I forced the words out. “It’s been over a day. I still haven’t—” my words cut off and I couldn’t finish the words.
The muscles in Connor’s jaw worked. “I know. If nothing changes by tomorrow, we can talk to Salvatore, alright?”
I nodded, unable to form a coherent sentence as his warm hands reached up and touched my face. Then he lifted my chin so I would look at him. His eyes flickered back and forth between mine. 
“For now, let’s focus on this moment,” he leaned down and kissed me before pulling back again. “And then we can sleep.” Once he finished guiding me to stand beneath the spray, he ran his hands through his hair and scrubbed them down his face before turning his attention to me, taking his time washing all traces of soot from me.
I reveled in every moment of it. 
When he finished, I stepped forward into his strong arms and pulled him down by the back of his neck to kiss me before I realized what I was doing. At first, a soft and gentle kiss was all I wanted, but then something shifted within me.
My mouth opened wider, granting him access and his taste exploded across my tongue. Suddenly, I needed more. So much more. If his throaty groan was any indication, he did, too. Before I realized he moved, my back pressed deliciously into the wall of the shower, pinned there by his long, hard body.
My weak arms pulled at him and I tried to meld myself to him as if being pinned by him and kissing him like our lives depended on it wasn’t enough.
Because it wasn’t.
I needed him. Inside me. Surrounding me. 
My senses needed to be filled with him. I wanted his taste, to feel more of his flawless, velvet skin against mine, hear the sounds of his breathing, inhale his intoxicating scent of wood smoke that was infused within him. And all the while, if my eyes were open, I wanted to see nothing but him.
He was the only reason I wasn’t on the ground in a heap of jumbled nerves and exhaustion.
After what felt like forever, his arms released me and his fingertips traveled down my sides with a light touch, which did nothing but drive me higher. My knees were threatening to buckle, but I didn’t care. My toes were long since curled and I wrenched my mouth away and cried, “Please.”
“Are you sure, honey? We don’t have to—”
I cut him off, answering with a fierce kiss as I used his shoulders as leverage to lift my legs around his hips. When he realized what I was doing, he broke away from my mouth while his hands moved to assist my efforts. He took his time and entered me, inch by agonizing inch, until he was sheathed all the way to the hilt. All the while, he watched my every expression. 
And it was driving me crazy. I wasn’t sure why he slowed his pace, but he stayed there, grinding his hips against me in just the right spot that nearly left me crashing around him for a long, agonizing moment. My eyes rolled in my head as I hissed from the overwhelming sensation.
That was when I lost it. 
But I didn’t come, I unleashed.
The hot water in the shower turned to liquid ice as it fell and did nothing but fuel my desire as it slithered over our heated skin. Even the lights in the room brightened for an instant before flickering out, leaving us in darkness. It took a moment before I realized that it wasn’t my magic that caused the power surge.
It was Connor’s.
I smiled against him, but forgot what I was happy about as he started moving in that slow in and out motion that did nothing but drive me higher. My hands clawed at his shoulders, trying anything and everything I could to pull him closer to me. 
If he understood what I was doing, I didn’t know. His hands released my hips and slid behind my back anyway. Pressing his palms against my shoulder blades, he pulled me tighter against him. All the while, his pace remained the same.
Despite the agonizing slowness of our movements, our breathing sped up. Cries came from our throats, entangled with our own thousand voices. We poured our desires into each other and then sent them back again.
With one, final thrust, combined with another delicious grind of his hips, I fell over the edge. My spine arched toward him as much as his body would allow and my face pointed upwards. 
“Holy shit,” he hissed beneath my cries. Power pulsed from him, engulfing me like a bomb went off and causing another orgasm to rip through me, bigger than the last.
Lights exploded behind my eyes as electricity sparked from my fingertips and then, while I was still mindless from the ecstasy coursing through my veins, Connor started moving again. While I managed to muster the wherewithal to push my hips down and increase the friction between us, I felt him near his own edge. 
In response, power rushed out of me and into him, increasing the sensation across every nerve in his body. His mouth wrenched away from mine and he pressed me harder into the wall as he cried out, shuddering from the intensity of his orgasm. 
And I followed after him.
The water turned off and the lights flickered back to life as our breathing slowed to less dangerous levels. I wasn’t ready for that moment to end. It felt like Connor and I were finally back where we belonged. In each other’s arms. As if the events of the last two days were nothing more than a horrible nightmare.
After everything thing that happened from the moment we were married, I was sure something fundamental was broken between us — whether that guilt was mine or not. There was only one word to describe the way we reconnected. 
Reverence. 
From the slow, torturous tempo he set, how we touched and responded to one another. 
And god, but those kisses. 
Each one could burn through stars. I never wanted to stop. Because with him, I didn’t need oxygen. 
Pulling me from my afterglow’s reverie, Connor eased away from me and lowered me to the floor. I protested, trying to pull him back to my mouth again, but he resisted with a small chuckle. “We need to sleep.”
Somewhere in the back of my mind, I knew he was right, but I didn’t feel tired in that moment. There was something more important for us to do. I raised my eyebrow in question as my eyes dropped to the thick, long length of him, still straining and ready. 
I licked my lips and the deep pink pulsating in his aura intensified to red. And when my gaze lifted to his face, I wasn’t surprised to find his fixated on my mouth. “For someone saying he wants to rest, you look plenty awake and alert to me. More importantly, I don’t need to sleep.” Those last few words sounded more like a purr.
He groaned, deep in his throat as the red in his aura intensified for an instant before beginning to dull again. “As much as I’d love to continue, we’re both exhausted. I’m surprised you’re still standing because the last time you really slept was before—” he stopped and his expression softened. “Well, a lot has happened since then.”
With a devilish grin, I reached for him but he stepped back, out of my reach. “Oh, no you don’t,” he chuckled once more as he snatched two fluffy white towels from the nearby hooks and handed me one. “And stop doing that,” he growled as his eyes dropped to watch me bite my lip.
I grinned again. I couldn’t help myself. Then, I purred, “How about I lick every last drop of water off your skin instead?” If the pulsating red in his aura was any indication, he liked the suggestion. A lot. Whether it was the words, my tone, or a combination of the two, I didn’t know. 
Who knew I could sound so seductive? 
I sure as hell didn’t.
Catching me off guard, Connor dropped his towel and stepped forward faster than my eyes could follow. As he took my face in his hands and looked in my eyes, he said, low, “Listen to me, Aisling. I know why you don’t want to sleep. But you don’t have to be afraid. You’re safe.”
Just like that, I wasn’t a mindless jumble of need any longer. I didn’t realize what I was doing, but he saw through me and broke through my defenses as if they were nothing but smoke. It was yet another in a long list of examples proving that Connor knew me better than I knew myself.
“But I am afraid,” I whispered and my lip trembled.
“Oh, honey,” he breathed. “I know. But you can’t stay awake forever. If it makes you feel better, I’ll spell the door to keep you from leaving. Will that help?”
I blinked. 
Would it? 
“What kind of spell do you have in mind?”
“Dry off and I’ll show you.” He stepped back and picked up his towel. 
Two minutes later, I followed him out into the bedroom and pulled my wet curls back into a loose bun, knowing it would dry into a frizzed mess if I left it down to dry while we slept. We stopped about a yard from the thick, mahogany door that led to the rest of Liam’s opulent home and I waited. 
Connor stared at the knob and magic filled the room like a powerful summer storm was barreling down on us. Then, just as fast as it began, the power fell away and he looked at me with a grin. “Open the door.”
I wrapped the towel under my arms to cover myself and stepped forward. When my hand touched the knob, electricity ran up my arm like I was shocked with a defibrillator. My hand snatched back on reflex and I shook it. “That’s effective,” I grinned back at him. 
“Now, if a night shade takes control and somehow manages to get you out of bed without waking me, you’ll feel that shock if you try to leave this room. I’m betting no night shade can keep you asleep after a jolt like that.”
The underlying fear that hid behind that mindless desire evaporated as if it was never there at all. “Connor Jennings, you’re a genius,” I smiled and without thinking, moved into his arms and hugged him, breathing him in. 
Strong arms held me against him and after a few moments, he pulled away with a grin. “Can we go to sleep now?” He stuck out his lower lip in a full pout and I laughed, nodding.
The pout fell away and he smiled. It was one of those rare, genuine smiles that made him light up with joy. God, but I loved that smile. The moment ended when he pulled the crimson satin sheets back so we could settle in.
With my shoulder tucked under his, I laid my head on his chest, listening to his heart beating in that slow, steady rhythm. My forearm ran the length of his torso, resting in front of my face. Once he fixed the black fir blanket above us, he kissed the top of my head and squeezed me for a moment, a gesture I always took for a hug. 
I smiled against him and breathed, “Connor.” 
“I love you too,” he whispered.
But before I could begin to doze, I fell into a deep sleep. Though I tried to resist, I knew right away that trouble awaited me on the other side.
Chapter 33



Blackness surrounded me, and there were no sounds, no lights. It was … an endless nothing. Sleep trapped me within its grip, trying to pull me deeper. Somehow I knew that if I struggled, it would only tighten like a snake crushing its prey. I resisted anyway, not wanting to enter the dream realm and witness whatever horrors awaited me. 
There were several factors as to how another night shade found me and pushed me into a dream spell. The block I set was meant to stop any sent by Zoe and Martin. However, the simplest answer, like Occam’s razor, was that they didn’t create it. 
If we were all on some cosmic movie set, then they were involved as screenwriters in the creation of the story. What was more disturbing was the fact that those two knew far more than they should. 
How long were they pulling strings behind the scenes? Zoe’s sudden appearance at my grandmother’s clearing was no coincidence. They knew when and why we would all be there. They also knew I was pregnant.
God, but how did they know so much? 
Could it be possible that they could read my mind? Or maybe someone told them. Someone I trusted. That was a terrifying thought. 
Perhaps the block did work and another witch was responsible for my current predicament. Aside from Zoe and Martin, I didn’t know who might possess enough magic to successfully overpower me as an Earthen. Was there another witch that possessed that much power?
I wasn’t sure I wanted to know. 
Either way, I knew, enough time passed since we trapped them in a dream spell. If they were out for revenge, whatever I was about to experience wouldn’t be good.
What I experienced in front of that burning motel felt real, like it was a flashback, a memory. Like I was there. No longer my adult self, but the scared child experiencing Martin’s rape for the first time. Real or not, it would always be there to haunt me all the same. 
God, but what could be worse than that?
I didn’t want to know the answer to that question. I wanted more than anything to wake up and escape my torment.
The wait and the unknown -- that kind my step-father compared to Christmas morning -- filled me with more dread than the eventual act itself. I knew, the longer I thought about it and fought the inevitability, the worse it would be. 
As much as I wanted to struggle against that phantom pull toward dreams, there was nothing but oblivion. Nothing for my hands to grab, or my feet to gain traction to slow my progress. It felt like floating in space, with no shining stars twinkling around me. 
It was me and infinity. With gravity pulling me where I didn’t want to go. 
So I forced myself to relax.
Just breathe, Aisling.
And then I opened my eyes.

Beneath the blinding light, the pain was the first thing I noticed. It radiated through my belly with a relentless intensity, forcing me to cry out. But as the room slowly came into view, the agony eased enough to allow me to take a breath.
The ceiling above me was white, lined with bright fluorescent lights. My body felt slick with sweat and I was burning up. Like a fever was boiling me from within. 
Glancing down, I was covered with a thin, white blanket with my knees up, feet resting in unforgiving, metal stirrups. The bed beneath me offered no comfort and I realized why. 
I took in the sight of my belly, ballooned out, stretched to capacity, as if a watermelon replaced it. And that wasn’t far from the truth, I realized. I was in labor, breathless and exhilarated at the same time. I would meet my baby soon.
My mind whirled. Was it some horrible dream? Did I dream of losing the baby when she was alive and well all along? Swiveling my head around, I looked for my husband, but saw nothing but stark walls. “C-Connor?” I breathed.
“Don’t worry about him right now,” a man’s voice said from behind the curtain of the blanket covering my legs. “This baby isn’t going to wait any longer.” 
There was something strange and yet still familiar about his voice. A strange duality I couldn’t quite place. Before I could think about that further, my core seized up with another mind-bending contraction. I bit my lip and then whimpered, “No, I can’t do this without him.”
“You can and you will, Aisling,” the man said and I felt his hands on my inner thighs, pushing them wider before he pushed his fingers inside me without warning. 
I cried out from the pain. It hurt far more than the contraction and my whole body began to tremble as alarm bells began sounding off in the back of my mind.
Oh god, is the doctor wearing gloves? 
Though I knew, as an other, I wouldn’t develop an infection, the only bare hands I would accept near me or my baby while I was in labor was Connor’s. Plus, it didn’t seem right that any doctor would do that without warning. 
As the contraction eased, I felt the doctor’s fingers slide out of me and the pain left with them. “You’re fully dilated. It’s time to push now. Remember to breathe,” he prompted. When I did, he mumbled, “That’s it.”
While I tried to muster up the strength — not just the physical required to deliver a baby, but the emotional — to start the arduous process without Connor by my side, I took several deep breaths. There was a small shuffling sound behind the curtain of my white blanket, but the doctor otherwise stayed silent.
But then, as the next contraction began, I heard the snip of scissors as a white-hot pain flashed through me. “Just giving you a little room here,” the doctor mumbled through his heavy breaths. Beneath all the mounting pain, I heard drips splatter to the floor in a small stream. 
“Am I bleeding?” I squeaked as I tried to focus on my breaths.
“Don’t you worry about that now,” the doctor chided. “I want you focused.”
At first, I thought he was finished, but then a dripping, bloodied hand reached up around the material of the blanket and gripped it in his fist before wrenching it away.
The blood drained from my face, replaced by pure adrenaline as I saw a cruel smile on Connor’s face looking back at me from between my legs. But what really caught my attention was his appearance.
His skin was far too pale while his straight black hair curtained around his face. It shimmered against the fluorescent lights with hints of blue. His aura undulated around him like slithering, black snakes. But it was his eyes that were the worst. They were black. Just like Zoe’s. 
I didn’t know how or why he looked like a dark witch because my mate was Earthen and not defined by light or dark. In that moment, the last piece of the puzzle fell into place.
No. Nononono. Make it stop.
It was as if Martin somehow found a way to leave Zoe’s body and inhabit Connor’s instead. That was why his voice sounded strange but familiar at the same time. They were speaking in unison. 
“Oh, god. Connor,” I breathed in agony.
Ignoring my growing panic, his cruel smile intensified. “You’ve been bad, little girl.” Before I could react to the words, Connor’s hands reached inside and I felt myself tearing open as more sounds of liquid hit the floor. 
A wave of dizziness washed over me I realized then that I was losing blood. Lots of it. But as darkness began to close in around my vision, I felt him wrench his hands out of me. The sudden emptiness within me told me enough. 
He didn’t pull them away empty. The breath caught in my throat as I waited for the sounds of an infant’s first cries. Seconds passed. 
One.
Two.
Three.
After a long moment, Connor lifted his arms to show me a small, blood-covered body. Blue and lifeless. 
That was when I lost it. 

I wasn’t in bed with my head on Connor’s chest where I should have been. I was standing, near the bathroom, pulling a knife from a sheath in my boot. 
As much as I struggled, I couldn’t stop myself. Or make a sound as I moved. Nothing, not even the cold that already permeated through me from my nightmare’s terror, worsening with every passing moment, slowed me down.
My mind whirled. Half of it was still trapped on that last dreadful image of my nightmare. Where Connor’s transformed visage looked at me with those deep obsidian eyes and a cruel smile. Where his hands ripped our lifeless baby from me like she was nothing more than a piece of trash. The other scrambled to figure out what was happening.
God, but what is the night shade going to force me to do?
As if in answer to my question, my freezing eyes locked on Connor. While that steady, rise and fall of his chest told me he was sleeping, his aura swirled with its usual pink and purple. The edges of it were his only sign of lingering grief — a hazy, dark blue, hovering there like a low-lying fog. 
I didn’t know how I managed to move out of his arms without waking him, but that was the least of my worries. His flawless, velvet skin was exposed down to his waist, where the thick, black fur blanket covered the rest of him. Angling his face down, every inhalation would have been filled with my scent — if I wasn’t standing there, naked, freezing, and holding that knife.
And as a handful of thundering heartbeats went by, I understood what the night shade intended. I was never meant to leave the confines of our suite. To find someone to kill. Or set Liam’s opulent home ablaze with magic. What I held in my hand and the object of my fixation told me enough.
Wild panic flowed through my veins instead of blood, and that freezing sensation spread through me, turning my whole circulatory system into ice. As I felt my muscles turn to slush, I knew my skin’s normal, peaches-and-cream complexion was long gone, leaving behind a bluish tint with a frost slowly spreading over my flesh. Then I accepted the horrible truth.
Connor was my target.
I struggled and fought, harder than I ever fought against anything in my life, but nothing changed. My attempts at sight to reach Connor or any one of my friends failed as my body moved without a sound to stand on the foot of the mattress, with my husband’s feet between mine. 
Despite the grip the night shade held over me, I tried to send out magic. To reach Connor and rouse him. To make a noise that might draw attention. But every attempt to use my magic failed. It felt like I was trapped inside some invisible cocoon, in control of nothing but my thoughts. 
Martin always wanted me to suffer. But his was a predictable pattern done in small increments. A forced reaction that led me to shoulder some guilt. A few deaths at my expense. I didn’t understand why he intended to crush my soul and any hopes of happiness in my future through a night shade. He’d want to be there to see me break into a million pieces.
The panic flowing through me increased with a relentless intensity at the knowledge that I was powerless. How strong was I, the first Earthen in centuries, when I couldn’t even stop a night shade? But I wouldn’t stop fighting. I couldn’t.
Tears leaked from my eyes and froze to my cheeks, while I screamed in my head.
Please, Connor, wake up.
I begged to the moon. Begged for my grandmother. My mother. Any ghosts that might hear me. Anyone, anything.
Help me.
Silence answered me.
No, please, no.
The events of my dream no longer mattered. Not watching Connor’s hands rip that lifeless body from me. Or that his appearance and demeanor were all wrong with my step-father within him. 
What I needed was a miracle. Without hope for rescue, my mind scrambled to find a way to save his life. In a world where anything was possible, there was one. There had to be. But my mind stalled. The only thing that sprang to mind revolved around the magic itself. Since it was meant to control my body, I didn’t think his shield would activate to protect him. 
In terms of defense mechanisms, it was rather limited. And just like that, any hope I could muster evaporated like a puff of smoke. 
No. It can’t end like this.
I would never forgive myself for killing him — whether the guilt was mine or not. Because I wasn’t strong or fast enough to overcome it.
And I knew one thing for certain. If I watched my hands take Connor’s life, I couldn’t survive.
I wouldn’t want to.
Stepping forward, I lowered myself down and straddled Connor’s hips. Though the blanket prevented him from feeling the frost that covered my skin, I still felt him beneath me. His heat. His desire. But as I settled over him, he didn’t stir. 
Please, Connor. WAKE UP!
My arms lifted over my head, preparing to drive the knife into his heart. And then, moving faster than my eyes could follow, I struck.
Chapter 34



An instant before the knife slammed into Connor’s chest, power erupted from my body like a bomb went off, casting out a huge white light that blinded me. The blade was wrenched from my grip and it impacted the plastered wall right beside the door, buried to the hilt.
 I felt the night shade dissolve into nothing, releasing me from its hold. And from the force of that explosion, my spine arched backward and my face pointed to the ceiling as the blood-curdling scream that waited, trapped in my chest like a caged animal, at last, crawled up my throat. 
One second, I couldn’t stop screaming. And the next, Connor sat up. His hands gripped my face like it was a lifeline and he pulled me down to look at him. Though his heat burned my skin and I saw him through my freezing eyes, I was too distraught to register that he was there.
“Aisling!” he shouted and my scream cut off. 
That was when my mind caught up with me. Despite the deep freeze that gripped my body, I reached for his face. If nothing else, it was a physical reminder that he was saved at the last moment. Once my eyes refocused, I searched for signs he was hurt, telling myself over and over again that the danger was passed.
My name is Aisling Green. I’m here with Connor. He’s alive and I’m free from the night shade.
As my eyes caught sight of the tiny cut on his chest, right over his heart, my breath caught in my throat. Though his aura was engulfed in gray, he otherwise looked unharmed. “I-I almost k-killed you,” I wailed, but my ears didn’t register the words. 
Confusion flashed across his features for a moment before a strange rumbling sound caught his attention. It was the knife, embedded in the wall, still vibrating from the sudden force of the magic that put it there. In the span of a few heartbeats, he understood. Turning his gaze back to me, he followed my eyes to the small cut on his chest.
His thumbs caressed my cheeks, wiping away the icy tears before they froze to my skin. When my eyes drifted up to meet his gaze, he searched my features for a moment before speaking. “Listen to me, Aisling, I’m alright. I’m safe.”
“I t-tried to s-stop it, C-Connor. I d-don’t know h-how—” my words cut off in another wail before I could finish, but it sounded more like a sigh.
“We’ll figure it out later. Just breathe.” His caressing fingers continued to burn my skin while I tried to do as he instructed, but I didn’t think I would ever be calm again.
My step-father knew Connor wasn’t just my greatest advantage. He was also my greatest weakness. Forcing me to watch as I attacked and killed the one person that meant everything to me would destroy me. It was the ultimate punishment. It wasn’t his style to forfeit the pleasure of witnessing it in person, but it would still achieve that goal.
After all, it was what he wanted from me. To suffer. It was only after he discovered I was no longer human that he wanted me to wish for death before he took my life. With his new target in mind, he knew how he wanted my death to feel. Hopeless. Defeated. My misery was his pleasure. It always would be.
Despite the deep ache in my body, I forced my arms to pull Connor into a hug, ignoring the searing burn of his warm flesh against mine. His strong arms wrapped around my middle and he held me against him. 
My fingers slipped through the long, smooth hair on the back of his neck, yet another reminder that he was still alive. The stubble on his jaw tickled against my shoulder when he inhaled my scent. I did the same. And when his wood smoke registered to my nose, it sent a shiver through me.
Though we held each other for several long moments, something else was brewing within me.
God, but Connor almost died.
Heat rushed down my spine and spread like wildfire through my veins. A wildfire of a different kind of need that couldn’t be stopped. In the back of my mind, I knew what was happening. 
Connor survived. Whatever it was that saved him, I didn’t know. But if it happened a fraction of a second later, it would’ve been too late to save him. I pulled back and looked into his deep, brown eyes. “You are mine,” the thousand voices growled from my throat as my magic unleashed. 
The need to reclaim what was almost taken from me was overwhelming. The sheer intensity of it made my blood boil.
Recognition flashed across his features and red replaced the swirling gray and pink in his aura. “Alright,” he said, low, sliding his hands down from my shoulder blades and around my sides, continuing toward my breasts with agonizing slowness.
As his expert fingers made contact with my aching nipples, a zing of power from my elation erupted from me. What was left of the ice in my body melted away as the fur blanket was pulled out from between us by the force of my power.
Then I kissed him, hard, pulling him toward me as much as I could. With one shift of my hips, I impaled myself on him and cried out into his mouth from the intensity of the sensation. And I reveled in how it felt when he was inside me. 
A low groan rumbled through him and his hands disappeared. He wrapped one arm around my middle while the other moved behind him to press into the mattress and assist his movements.
I wrenched my mouth away from his and the voices repeated with me, “You are mine.” 
“I’m yours,” he breathed, and then his brown eyes shifted to white. “Claim it,” he growled with his thousand voices and arched up to increase that delicious friction between us.
That was exactly what I did. My mouth trailed down his jaw, over his Adam’s apple, and continued to its destination. I closed my mouth over the small cut on his chest. The slight coppery twinge of his blood exploded across my tongue before a small amount of magic leaked from me, healing him. 
All the while, I kept fucking him, unable to stop. And never wanting to. I marveled in him. The feel of my skin against his. Every inch filling me again and again as I moved. 
“Mine,” I breathed and then kissed him once more. Then I increased my tempo, driving him higher with every rock of my hips. Before I even registered that I was close, I wrenched my mouth away from his and cried, “Oh god, Connor.”
“Holy shit,” he growled as I came, crashing around him and throwing my head back from the intensity of the wave. 
When my mind finally returned, I pushed him back onto the bed and raked my nails down his chest. It wasn’t enough to break the skin, but it was enough to feel their sting. I replaced the memory of what was done to him with something more powerful — again. 
Just as I caught the sudden increase in his breathing, he shuddered and arched off the bed by the force of his orgasm, but I knew he could keep going. A moan escaped him when he collapsed back to the bed to find I wasn’t finished. 
Not even close.
Time no longer existed while we were together. And that was just fine by me.
I didn’t know how long we continued, but eventually, that need to reclaim him passed and I collapsed, breathless. Though I was still on top of Connor’s long, hard body, I wasn’t ready to separate myself from him yet. I was sated and spent, wrapped in his arms. Right where I was meant to be. 
If his heavy breaths were any indication, he felt the same. “Holy shit, Aisling, that was … wow,” he muttered after a few moments.
I smiled against his chest and chuckled. “I guess I was marking my territory.” If that was a question, I didn’t know, but I couldn’t bring myself to care.
His strong arms squeezed around my middle for a moment with another hug. “Not that I’m complaining -- and I’m not -- but I think so. I didn’t know how you would react to it.” He chuckled, “It’s good to know.” 
Based on what I understood in my limited exposure to the supernatural world, everyone reacted to their territorialism in different ways, depending on the situation. 
I kissed the spot on his chest, smooth and unblemished — just as it was. Erased of what happened. And then I moved to lay by his side. As if he knew what I needed, he kept his hold on me and I smiled against him. “Thank you,” I whispered.
“For what?”
“For being you. You always know what I need or what’s going on before I do. I don’t know what I would do without you.”
His hand moved to my chin and coaxed me to look up at him. “You know me just as well and you know I feel the same. Always. Don’t forget that.” He kissed me then, and I forgot what we were talking about. But then he pulled back and his thumb wiped away an errant tear that fell from my eye.
Though that one was from joy and relief, the subsequent tears that followed were not. My nightmare came back to me in all its technicolor glory. That image of Connor. With his black eyes and hair. That eerily pale skin. And our baby. That small, lifeless body flashed across my mind. My vision blurred and I crumpled. 
“Hey,” Connor crooned in a soothing tone. “What’s this for?”
“Before… in the dream spell,” I breathed, squeezing my eyes shut, as if that might take the images away. “It was awful.”
“Oh, honey,” Connor said, low, as his arms tightened around me. “It’s alright. It was only a dream. You don’t have to tell me.”
I didn’t want to keep it to myself. I couldn’t. Of their own volition, the words were tumbling out of me. By the time I finished, I was sobbing. 
A deep sadness undulated in his aura with dark blue and I felt a shudder run through him. “Christ, Aisling,” he said as he held me tighter. 
I understood the meaning behind those two words. It wasn’t just the physical pain I felt in the dream. I witnessed a horrifying version of the man I loved, doing something horrifying for us both. Martin’s capacity to torment me was immense, to say the least.
Then, he whispered, “We’ll be alright.”
I muttered, “I know.”
Chapter 35



A knock sounded at our door and my eyes rolled. The last thing I wanted was company. 
Most of the nest’s inhabitants could hear everything we were doing. It wasn’t hard to guess that we didn’t want to be disturbed. So why were they there?
While I did consider that little ability of mine to sense living things around me an advantage, it was a bonus that I could detect a subtle difference between them. Before the symptoms of my pregnancy began, that was. Though I could sense two undead signatures outside our door, the problem was that I couldn’t tell who was standing there.
Connor sighed and asked, “Who is it and what do you want?”
“It is Liam and Vlad,” Liam said.
My stomach dropped.
Those two wouldn’t bother us in a moment like that if it wasn’t an emergency. And yet, there they were, waiting for one of us to get out of bed and let them in. I didn’t want to know the reason behind their impromptu visit. 
Since the last few days weighed on me like boulders, little by little, crushing me to death, I wasn’t sure how much more I could take. I sighed, “Unless someone died, can this wait?”
“Apologies, Aisling,” Vlad said in that same old-world European accent as his son, “you will not want to wait for this.”
Connor kissed the top of my head and nodded. Keeping his voice low, he said, “They apparently have nothing better to do, so let’s get this over with, alright?” 
“I heard that,” Liam said.
“You were meant to,” Connor replied as he looked toward the door. In my peripheral vision, I caught his lips twitching as the dark blue in his aura lightened a little. Even in the worst of moments, Connor could exploit our friends and tease them. I admired that about him.
Without saying anything else, we dragged ourselves out of bed. I didn’t want to go through the hassle of getting dressed just to remove my clothes once our visitors left. So I took my time and made my way to the bathroom.
After pulling on a thick, fluffy white robe, I sighed and returned to the main room to find Connor pulling on his jeans. He didn’t put on a shirt and that just made my gaze linger on him a little longer. He caught me looking and returned my heated expression. As he grinned devilishly at me, his blue aura bled into a deep pink. 
One of the vampires -- I couldn’t tell which one -- coughed. With a roll of his eyes, Connor dragged his attention away from me and headed to the door. Magic filled the air in the next instant and there was a slight zapping sound. Sparks crackled on the knob as the energy from the electric block on the door released. 
Crossing my arms over my chest, sadness and anxiety returned from the memory of what happened and how I was never meant to leave our suite. A fresh wave of territorialism washed over me, but it wasn’t as potent as before. I forced it down as Connor opened the door. 
The two vampires stood there, both looking a little worse for the wear, which wasn’t normal for them. Liam’s suit jacket was missing and he sported a drop of blood on his wrinkled, white dress shirt. His hair even stuck out in random places, like he just woke up.
It was jarring to see Liam without his normal façade of perfection. 
Vlad didn’t look much better. His white dress shirt was buttoned about half the way up, revealing a peppering of hair on his chest and raised white scars over his pale flesh, reminders of the horrors from his human life. Even though I couldn’t see them, I knew the same kind of scars covered Liam as well.
When I noticed neither of them were wearing shoes, my stomach dropped. Their appearances alone told me that whatever they needed would be worse than I imagined. Before I realized what I was doing, I sat down on the bed, and gulped, preparing for the worst.
In the time it took me to assess the two vampires, Connor’s aura transitioned from pink to dark blue as he came to the same conclusion. With a sigh of defeat, he waved his hand in silent invitation and leaned against the door. “What’s going on?”
Despite what humans believed, the undead could come and go from any building or room they wanted -- they didn’t need a verbal invitation. But Liam and Vlad were old royalty. They respected the people they considered friends and family. 
Even after discovering my dream-sight with Connor wasn’t true, I still wasn’t certain what I meant to the two vampires. Especially to Liam. It hurt my heart to doubt them, but I couldn’t help myself.
I recalled the shifts in my relationship with Liam from an intimidating stranger, to an instructor, to a friend, and then to a father figure. Before the wedding, I trusted him with my life. As I thought I was dying, I told him how I felt. He heard me, but he never said a word about it. Maybe that was why I couldn’t push those doubts aside.
Liam’s green eyes flashed against the low light in our suite as he crossed the threshold. As Connor shut the door behind them and moved to the bed, the vampire’s head dipped toward me so fast in greeting, I wondered if I saw it at all. 
Though I could tell Connor wanted to remain on his feet, he sat next to me, lacing his fingers with mine while we waited for the news.
“We apologize for the intrusion, my dear Aisling,” Liam began. 
The corners of my mouth lifted into a small smile. The centuries-old vampire still possessed the uncanny ability to beat around the bush. Unable to help myself, I feigned an exasperated sigh with an eye roll at Liam, knowing it would irk him. 
“We get it. What’s going on that you needed to come to our door looking like you just rolled out of bed?” As soon as I said it, I regretted it. Without knowing how he felt, teasing him in the same way I did before felt wrong.
The muscles in Liam’s jaw worked and I caught the flash of anger in his features before they cleared. “For your information, we were rudely awakened when you started screaming like a banshee. I am sure the whole house heard you.”
Though I wasn’t trying to piss off a powerful vampire that lived for over five hundred years, anger washed over me at his response and I stood up, pulling my hand away from Connor’s grip. He stayed where he was, knowing better than to intervene. 
“For your information, Liam,” I gritted, “Martin decided to dish out a little payback of his own and I almost killed Connor. The block failed.” A traitorous tear slipped down my cheek and I swiped it away before I crossed my arms in front of my chest.
Vlad held out his hands in the universal signal for surrender. “We know that. On behalf of my son, let me apologize. He becomes,” he paused, searching for the right words, “a little grumpy if his sleep is interrupted.” With a shrug, he added, “He inherited it from me.”
I snorted. I couldn’t help myself.
And then I heard Connor chuckle behind me.
“Touché,” Liam said and I thought I caught a slight twitch in his lips. But then all expression cleared from his face as his gaze locked with mine. “Tell me, my dear. Your body has expelled the fetus, has it not?”
One second the three of us were poking fun at Liam, and the next, he asked me a question that caused red to blanket my vision and my power to unleash. I levitated off the ground and electricity sparked between my fingertips. “What did you say?” the thousand voices growled with me in unison.
“Your body has expelled the fetus, has it not?” Liam repeated, as if he were inquiring about the weather. He even started picking at phantom lint on the sleeve of his stained white shirt.
But it was Connor that spoke next. “Jesus, Liam, why in the hell would you ask something like that?” He stepped in front of me and faced me, reaching for my hands. Despite the electricity that ran up his arms, he didn’t flinch. All the while, I continued to glare at Liam with eyes that I knew were no longer blue. 
They were red.
Connor waited, caressing the back of my hands with his thumbs. When I didn’t look at him, he muttered, “Aisling.” After a long moment, my gaze drifted to meet his. “That’s right. Focus on me. Just breathe. It’s alright.”
The breath caught in my throat as I caught sight of the deep sadness and fear in his aura.
God, but why is he afraid?
The anger rushing through my veins evaporated and turned into sadness. The red left my vision as I lowered myself to the floor. When I tried to pull my hands away from him, his grip tightened, refusing to release me. More tears leaked from my eyes. “Let me go,” I breathed. “You’re afraid of me.”
“Listen to me. I’m not afraid of you. I’m afraid because I know you’ll regret this anger later. I don’t want you hurting more than you already are.”
I blinked. 
He wasn’t scared of me. He was scared for me. Again.
Without thinking, I breathed, “I’m sorry,” and watched as green started to pepper into his aura. I forced my eyes to the floor. “I know you don’t like it when I apologize, but I keep putting you in this position.” 
I forced myself to breathe, trying to reign in my emotions. They were a great asset to fuel my magic, but they also led to intense mood swings and extreme reactions. Most of the time, I felt like a walking basket case. That probably wasn’t far from the truth.
If nothing else, at least my apology was valid. All of our troubles were my fault. It wasn’t fair to him. None of what happened was fair.
Connor’s grip tightened on my hands and a quick, firm shake jolted me out of my spiral. “Stop! Whatever you’re thinking about -- drop it and look at me, Aisling.” 
My eyes met his in response to his sudden reaction and fear prickled at the back of my neck. If he caught my irrational flash of fear, he didn’t react to it. 
“You’re blaming yourself for things that are not your fault. Don’t put yourself through that again.”
He was right.
Pulling air into my lungs and breathing out slowly, I forced my gaze to stay locked on his until I felt in control again. Finally, after what felt like forever and just a few moments at the same time, I lifted my head.
“Alright?” he asked.
Nodding again, I said, “Alright.”
“My dear,” Liam began again as Connor stepped to the side, releasing one of my hands. As the vampire’s green eyes flashed again, he began. “I do apologize, but this is important. Please, tell me. You have expelled the baby, have you not?”
I steeled myself and replied, “No, we were going to ask Salvatore about it tomorrow morning. Why?”
The vampire sighed as his gaze flickered to Connor and then back to me. “When you screamed, something changed. We heard it the moment you stopped.”
God, but what the hell is he talking about? And why won’t he get to the point?
“Dammit, Liam, spit it out,” I breathed.
“My dear,” he stepped forward. “You did not expel the baby because it is still alive.”
The blood drained from my face as I tried to process his words. Hope flared in my chest in the same moment I saw white engulf Connor’s aura. Squeezing my hand so tight it felt like my bones would crush beneath the pressure, I couldn’t bring myself to care about his grip. I held him just as tight. Then he breathed, “What?” 
“Your baby is alive,” Liam repeated as he smiled. It was one of those rare, genuine smiles that reached his eyes. 
My mind whirled in a thousand different directions as I tried to fathom his words. 
But then I settled on the worst-case scenario. Something was happening. Maybe the two vampires standing in front of us were also being controlled by night shades and were sent to give us hope, only to have it crushed in front of our eyes.
“No,” I said and stepped back as I shook my head. Connor let me go. I wasn’t sure if he noticed what I was doing at first, but then he turned toward me as the back of my legs hit the mattress, and my legs collapsed beneath me. 
His arms flashed out and caught me before I could fall to the floor. He steadied me on my feet before his gaze flickered back and further between the two vampires and me, confusion written on his features. 
“Night shades were created for you, too,” I breathed and pulled Connor away from them.
As he realized what I was thinking, gray and dark blue engulfed his aura while the muscles in his jaw worked, but instead of following my silent instruction, he pivoted and took a defensive position in front of me, ready to act if needed. 
“We are not under any kind of influence,” Vlad said, with a firm shake of his head.
Liam stepped forward, pulling our attention to him, and extended his hand to me. “There is no night shade controlling us. See it, my dear.”
After a quick glance at Connor, he nodded for me to continue and his magic filled the room like an oncoming thunderstorm would break out around us at any moment. In the same instant, the two vampires froze in place.
Stepping around my husband, I gripped Liam’s hand, willing myself into sight. But I wasn’t intending to look out from his eyes, I needed to push deeper. 
Liam?
My dear.
I don’t feel anything different.
That is because we are not under any influence. Now, tell me, do you remember what you said to me when I carried you from your grandmother’s clearing?
I told you I wished you were my father. The one that raised me.
Is that still how you feel?
Yes, but—
Then believe me when I tell you that I would die before I would allow anything to hurt you. If I knew what was happening when you were but a child, I would have ripped Martin’s heart from his chest and watched as the life faded from his eyes. And then I would have raised you as my own. I love you like a daughter. 
But, how do I know that’s the truth?
If your night shade killed Connor, you would not be capable of processing anything we said. Why bother sending more night shades to fill you with such false hope if you could not hear it? 
I didn’t answer him. I didn’t think I could. Instead, I pulled out of the sight and gaped at him. Connor dropped the magic that held the vampires in stasis as I moved in a blur into Liam’s arms, hugging him as tight as I could. He didn’t hesitate to return my embrace.
“You have no idea how much I needed to hear that,” I cried against his shoulder.
“It is alright, my dear Aisling,” he crooned and held the back of my head against him with one hand while the other wrapped around my shoulders. 
In his arms, I felt safe. The only other person that made me feel so protected was Connor. “Will you say it? Please.” I breathed.
“Which part?” he asked.
My arms tightened, “All of it.”
He pulled back and I let my hands fall to my sides while his cool hands cradled my face. “If I knew what was happening to you, I would have killed Martin and raised you as my own. I love you like a daughter, my dear.” 
His green eyes flickered back and forth between mine before continuing. “I did not realize it until after you first arrived at my home, but I have always loved you. How could I not? I would die to keep you safe.” He paused and wiped the tears from my cheeks with his cool thumbs before he went on. “Believe me when I tell you, your baby is alive. I can hear it.”
My mind whirled as hope filled me. 
God, but how is it possible?
Before I could do anything, Vlad’s hand flashed out and gripped my wrist. Then my vision went black as he pushed into my mind. Again.
Chapter 36



A charge of power filled the room around us -- magic that belonged to Connor as he reacted to Vlad’s sudden movement. At first, I tried to resist, but then I heard Liam, as if he was speaking through a long tunnel. “Connor,” he began, “let him connect with her so she can hear it.” 
That caught my attention. 
The first time Vlad connected to me to let me hear our child’s heart beating, it sounded like a hummingbird in flight. It was, without a doubt, the most beautiful sound I ever heard. And there was nothing else I wanted more in that moment than to hear it once more.
If it was true and our baby was still alive — and after Liam’s declaration, I didn’t have any reason to doubt it  — then that would be the greatest gift those two vampires would ever give me.
My mind went blank and for a few, long moments, I heard nothing but the sound of my heart pounding with anticipation within my chest.
And then I heard it. Much stronger than I remembered. 
What I heard was solid, powerful, and real. A gentle fluttering of wings, no longer reminiscent of hummingbirds, but a pixie in flight. As if on cue, I felt a flutter in my lower belly and I gasped. That was the baby. In a way, it felt like a greeting. 
Vlad released me and my vision returned like someone turned on a light. But I wasn’t where I was before my vision went black. Power rolled off me in waves as I levitated in the air. 
The onslaught of warring emotions and thoughts forced my magic to cut off. Like I was plugged into some cosmic outlet and someone pulled the plug, I dropped to the floor like a dead weight. 
My ankle twisted and I lost my footing, but Connor was there. Once he steadied me, his deep, brown eyes searched mine, flickering between them and pleading with an unspoken question.
“I can’t believe it,” I breathed and slid my arms around his waist to hug him. “I heard ... I felt...,” I trailed off, pressed my cheek against his bare chest, and inhaled his intoxicating scent of wood smoke.
Though he wrapped his arms around my shoulders and returned my embrace at first, after a few long moments, he turned his head toward the two vampires. Then he extended his arm. “Please,” he said. I caught the underlying desperation in his voice. He wanted to hear that sound again as much as I did.
That sense of joy, amazed relief, and hope was written all over him and in his aura. It swam with swirls of pink and orange, while hints of white sprinkled throughout like twinkling stars. As shivers ran through his body with anticipation, I pulled back enough to look up at him.
“Please,” he repeated and Vlad took his time reaching out to take his hand.
Connor’s eyes slid closed and as the moments ticked on, the white in his aura intensified, overpowering the pink and orange so much that I couldn’t see anything through its blinding light. By the time Vlad released him, power flowed off him in waves. At first, I was surprised he wasn’t levitating, but when his white eyes met mine, I forgot what I was thinking.
“She’s alive,” he breathed with a wide smile on his face that seemed to light up the whole room around us more than his aura ever could. Then he pulled me into his arms and hugged me again. A small trickle of power leaked from him and my ankle stopped throbbing. I wasn’t sure if he realized what he did, but a wave of pride washed over me all the same.
“That is not the first time you have indicated the gender of your child. You are certain the child is female, are you not?” Liam asked. I didn’t need to see him to know confusion was written on his features.
After a few moments, I pulled back from Connor’s embrace and met Liam’s green gaze. “While we were on the bus, we saw a little girl, just old enough to walk. She was giggling and playing with you, Bugs, and Shadow in the doorway of the parlor. I thought it was some kind of lost future.”
“That was your precognition, my dear,” Liam said with pride in his voice. “You saw the future.”
“I don’t understand,” I began once my awestruck smile at his revelation dissipated. “How is this possible? No one could hear that she was still there?”
“I have a theory,” Dracula interjected, holding up a finger. 
Connor pivoted to face them but kept one arm around me. “What is it?”
“When your shield activated in the clearing, it must have left some kind of barrier around the child, keeping her protected, which in turn prevented anyone from hearing her heart beating.”
“But why now? Why can you hear her now?” I asked.
“My dear,” Liam began, “how did you stop yourself from killing Connor?”
I froze. “I don’t know. There was a bright white light -- like a shield -- but it wasn’t mine.” I looked up at Connor and his white eyes flickered to me. “It wasn’t yours either.”
Dracula’s face broke out into a wide grin, pulling our attention back to him. It was strange seeing the fabled vampire grinning so wide with fangs that weren’t there a moment before. “It was her,” he said in wonder.
Liam turned to his father in surprise. “The baby?”
“Is there a record of any children conceived by two Earthen witches?” the elder vampire mused.
“Not to my knowledge.”
 “We conceived because we were both drugged and it drained our power to the point that we were like humans.” I shook my head. “Besides, Connor wasn’t even Earthen yet.”
Dracula waved an errant hand. “Whether you were both at full power is not the concern. You were both fated to be Earthen. It is in your blood.”
“Alright, so what’s your point?” Connor asked.
“It is no secret that my mother was Earthen. I inherited some of her powers when I was born. Those abilities did not suddenly manifest when I became a vampire. Connecting with my love before Liam’s birth was just one example of my abilities before I was turned.”
I understood what he meant — to an extent. As a human, he was able to act as a fetal heart monitor through his mind. After he was turned, his inherited abilities evolved, despite never becoming a witch. They were obvious enough that Stoker noted some of them in his famous book. 
But I still didn’t know how that related to the baby.
Vlad caught my confusion and his deep blue eyes dropped to focus on my belly. “She will be the child of two Earthens. Perhaps,” he shrugged, “she is but the first of her kind. When your shield activated to protect you from that blade, it must have locked her inside a protective barrier.”
Dragging his eyes back up to mine, they flashed against the low light in the room. “If the magic to save Connor tonight was not yours, my dear—” his gaze flickered to my mate for an instant “—nor his, then it must have been hers, would it not? Doing so expelled that barrier around her, revealing her existence to us once again.”
God, but was it possible our unborn child saved her father’s life?
If she did, she was more powerful than either of us. 
As if in answer to my question, I felt that flutter in my belly again. It was so faint I barely noticed it. But it was enough. I looked up at Connor and smiled. “She saved your life,” I breathed as another of those rare smiles spread across his face.
I felt Liam and Vlad slip out of our suite without a sound to give us the privacy we needed. The soft click of the door closing was so quiet I wasn’t sure I heard it at all. Nothing else mattered in that moment but being there with the man I loved, sharing that moment.
Our baby was still alive. And she saved Connor’s life when I couldn’t.
I kissed him then. We thought we lost her, but she was there the whole time. If not for her, Connor would be dead. And just like that, the urge to reclaim him once more overpowered me. I needed to honor what our daughter did for us.
In the next instant, my magic unleashed and I wrenched my mouth away from his. My thousand voices growled with me, “You’re mine. I’m yours. And she’s ours.”
Connor grinned back at me and his white eyes fixated on my mouth. “Oh, yes,” he began with his own voices. With more emphasis, he repeated, “You’re mine. I’m yours. And she’s ours.”
With a quick burst of magic, his dark jeans were opened and pushed down to his ankles while my robe slid over my bare shoulders like a caress before pooling around my feet on the floor. 
I pushed him back on the mattress and watched him back up toward the center of our massive bed. Climbing up after him, he sat up to watch me crawl toward him like a lion stalking its prey. 
When I reached him, he kissed me, hard, and it took my breath away. 
Connor was mine. And, god, but he could kiss. His taste on my tongue was like ambrosia and I didn’t want to stop as I scrambled to move closer. Our bodies collided, and I cried out into his mouth as every long, hard inch of him slid inside me. 
Every gasp, every moan, and every cry flowed out of my mouth into his, and he devoured them. Just like I did with his. While his hands roamed over me, burning my skin and then leaving me frozen in their wake, I ached for more. 
Falling back into the mattress, he pulled me with him as his body arched up, increasing the friction between us. Without warning, I crashed around him. Breaking away from his mouth, I arched my back from the force of the orgasm that wracked through me. 
Somewhere, in the back of my mind, I knew I called out his name as he gripped my hips, following after me with his own powerful, shuddering climax. But before my mind cleared, power leaked from him. The sensation across every nerve in my body intensified and I came again, more intense than the last. It took my breath away and seemed to last forever. 
My mind hovered in the clouds as the waves began to subside. That thrum of Connor’s power fell away, and I realized I wasn’t on top of him any longer. His strong arms held my wrists like twin iron grips on either side of my head while his hips held mine in place. 
Despite holding me hostage with his physical strength overpowering mine with ease, I knew I wasn’t trapped. It wasn’t because my power could release me, though it could, I knew he would let me go if I wanted it. And though every cell in my body wanted his hands roaming over me as much as I wanted my hands to do the same for him, I would play along. 
For now.
His white eyes locked with mine as he moved in and out with an agonizing slowness. It did nothing but make me burn hotter. With another pulse of his power, I felt a wave threatening before it cut off. 
I narrowed my eyes at him, knowing exactly what he was doing.
“Oh, my god,” he growled, holding back his thousand voices, “you have no idea how good this feels. You’re so tight when you’re about to come.”
His little game worked wonders in making me a mindless jumble of need, but there was only so much I could take before my control would crack. With another quick flash of magic combined with a powerful thrust, thoughts escaped me. But only for a moment. 
“Connor,” I warned, “you’re going to regret—”
Another pulse hit me, but the shockwave doubled in intensity and it didn’t stop growing as he increased his tempo, grinding against me with each intense thrust of his hips. I came again, screaming as I pushed my head back into the mattress and arched my back as much as his body would allow. 
But he didn’t slow down, nor did he stop that mind-bending flow of magic. My nerve endings were set on fire. And I didn’t see lights behind my eyes — I saw stars going supernova.
Somewhere, in a distant corner of my mind, I knew I was doing the same for him. The hair on the back of my neck stood on end as pulsations of my own hit him. All the while, I couldn’t think about anything but the sensation.
He released my wrists and snaked his arms beneath me before reaching up to hold the top of my shoulders for leverage. Then his mouth collided with mine in a kiss that took my breath away. 
My hands were frantic, raking my nails down his back, then flashing to his hips to drive him on -- all while my thousand voices spoke in tongues I didn’t recognize, begging him for more.
Time passed like that. Connor and I together. Reclaiming each other. Replacing all the bad that happened with something worth remembering. All thanks to our daughter.
I loved every minute of it. Just like he did.
Chapter 37



Afterward, we collapsed to the bed, exhausted and panting like we just finished a triathlon. And that wasn’t far from the truth.
“Oh my god,” Connor breathed as he chuckled. “That was ... wow.”
I smiled and moved closer, resting my head on his chest to listen to the rapid beating of his heart slow to a more reasonable pace. “Uh-huh,” I panted, unable to form any semblance of words.
My eyes slid closed but then he turned toward me and propped himself up on his elbow to look down at me. “You are an amazing creature. Do you know that?”
I searched his eyes for a moment before my hand lifted to his face, reveling in the feel of his stubble against my palm. “I could say the same about you,” I whispered.
His dark brown eyes dropped from mine and fixated on my mouth. I licked mine in response and his deep pink aura darkened to red for an instant. Leaning down, he kissed me, cradling my face with his free hand. It was slow and gentle. But then his hand fell away and his mouth trailed down my jaw. 
Exhaustion weighed on me and I struggled to keep my eyes open, and he looked just as tired. But there was something in his movements I didn’t expect. It wasn’t a desire to keep going. It was something different. And as his mouth moved over my skin in that slow, gentle movement downward, one word flashed across my mind.
Worship.
With each brush of his lips and every tickle of his stubble, he was honoring me. My body. And I reveled in his afterglow. 
Continuing down between my breasts, he stopped and kissed the smooth skin where the knife pierced through me three days before. After everything that happened, the opportunity to reclaim me never came up. Until those long, languid moments. He was replacing the memory of those horrendous few minutes with him. 
Tears leaked from my eyes as I relished in every brush of his lips against my skin. 
When I felt another one of those tiny flutters, Connor pulled back in a gasp, and white flared in his aura. “Was that what I think it was?” he asked, low.
I froze, “You felt that?”
He nodded.
A smile crept into my lips. “Yes,” I breathed.
As the pink returned in his aura and mixed with the white, it looked like the colors were dancing together. He kissed the same spot once more and then whispered, “Thank you,” to our baby. Then he crawled up and kissed me again. 
I held him there, not wanting the moment to end. But after a few long moments, he pulled back and the corners of his mouth lifted into a grin. “We should sleep.”
Reluctantly, I nodded and released him. Once we were settled under the sheets, I sighed against him and prompted, “Connor?”
“Yeah?”
I lifted my head to look at him. “I think I might know why everyone thought she was gone.”
“You don’t think it was your shield?”
“I think part of what Vlad said was right. My shield saved her, but at the same time, a glamour activated to hide her, too. But I don’t think the glamour was mine.”
His eyes searched my features. “Then saving me forced her to drop it...,” he trailed off.
“Whatever she is goes beyond what either of us can do. If not for her—” I sucked in a breath. 
 “I’m right here. I’m safe. We are safe.” His arms tightened around me for a moment before his hand caressed the bare flesh on my arm. “You know,” he mused, “I always thought you were the best thing that ever happened to me. But it’s more than that. You gave me something to truly live for.”
Tears stung my eyes and I was surprised they didn’t spill down my cheeks. “I thought the same thing. Without you, I would have died the day Zoe first found me. None of this would have been possible. I think I’ve lost track of how many times you’ve saved me.”
One instant, I was pressed against his side, and the next, he moved faster than I could follow. As he pressed me against the mattress, I gasped from the sudden movement. It caught me off guard when he kissed me, hard. Just as fast as he began, he pulled back and I froze as I caught the look in his eyes. 
While his free hand caressed my cheek with his thumb, I reached up and tucked his long hair behind his ear, all while holding his gaze. “I love you,” I whispered and pulled him down for another kiss.
After a few moments, he broke away and breathed. “I love you.” Then, he grinned and a soft chuckle escaped him before he asked, “Can we sleep now?”
Fear washed over me at the thought of another night shade waiting for me. But, then, a sense of calm replaced it. It was foreign, but welcomed, nonetheless. Whether or not Martin knew his attempt failed was a question I couldn’t answer. He tried to kill Connor, knowing it would have broken me. Completely. 
What can he do to top that?
My husband caught my flash of fear and asked, “Are you alright?” 
“Yeah,” I breathed with wonder in my voice. Then, stronger, I added,  “She saved your life. If something happens and I can’t save you, I know she can.” 
“You’ve beaten him again, Aisling,” Connor smiled back at me as orange overpowered his aura.
He was right. If nothing else, my step-father wanted to rattle me. It felt good to refuse to succumb to the fear and arrive at that conclusion on my own. It was liberating.
Pulling me into his arms, we settled back onto the bed. With everything right in or world once more, I listened to Connor’s heart beating in that steady, slow rhythm. For the first time in what felt like forever, I began to doze without feeling like I was being dragged under.
Though I couldn’t be sure, I thought I heard him breathe, “I love you,” once more as we both drifted away.

When I began to rouse from a deep, dreamless slumber, my eyes fluttered open before sliding closed again. With our suite in the underground portion of Liam’s home, it was impossible to tell what time it was. But I knew one thing. 
There was just restful sleep. No nightmares. No dream-sights. Just a blissful nothingness. We survived without another attack. I smiled against Connor’s chest and snuggled a little closer to him, as if I wasn’t already close enough. Several moments passed as I listened to his steady breaths, not yet ready to greet the day.
A sudden, loud bang against our suite’s door sent a massive dose of adrenaline through my veins and I flinched. If not for Connor’s arms around me, I would have leaped about three feet off the bed. 
It was the jolt from my reaction combined with the resulting tension in my body that roused Connor to full alertness, not the sudden sound. His hold tightened as my heart rate shot through the roof and each breath came in short bursts.
Though it took me a moment to realize the sound was nothing more than a knock, my body, on the other hand, refused to listen. It continued sending alarm bells across my nerve endings with relentless intensity. 
Before, something as simple as a knock on a door wasn’t enough to send my startle reflex into overdrive. After the events of the previous few days, I wasn’t surprised it was worse. But I never expected it would be reinvigorated so much that it soared off the charts. 
Salvatore’s deep voice filtered through the thick mahogany door as I trembled. “Sorry for scaring you, Aisling, but we’re meeting in the training room in ten.” Without another word, I felt him leave.
“Are you alright?” Connor asked, low. Even through the limited flickering firelight from the hearth, I could see his aura swirling with pink and purple, but I caught the little dots of gray springing to life before disappearing like fireflies in a mid-summer twilight. 
From the look in his expression, he was anticipating a needless apology. That thought made me smile. At the same time, however, I felt ... different. I foresaw my need to apologize for flinching and stopped it before it tumbled from my lips. “I’m fine,” I replied, inhaling his intoxicating scent of wood smoke into my lungs and my body began to relax.
Orange took the place of the gray in his aura and his strong arms tightened around me. Kissing me the top of my head, he breathed, “Of all the things I thought you’d say, that wasn’t it. You know, it might not seem like it, but you’re fighting against everything your step-father taught you. And you’re winning.”
I trailed my fingers over his chest and he shivered, but didn’t stop me. “After the false dream spells, my mind sort of reset itself. I was so quick to believe it all. That I was a burden to everyone in some form.” 
Dark blue overpowered his aura, making my heart sink in my chest, but he stayed silent, knowing I wasn’t finished.
“It felt real. All of it. And it’s not something I can just forget. I thought—” I sighed, “—I know everything is different now. It set me back, but the progress I made with you isn’t all gone.” My lips twitched. “Right now, I’m still resisting the urge to apologize.”
After a long moment, Connor’s low voice filled the silence. “You are far stronger than you give yourself credit for, Aisling.”
“It’s taken me a long time to process it, but you’re right.”
Warm fingers lifted my chin and his gaze locked with mine. “Tell me.”
“I regret leaving. But, at the same time, I’m grateful. It helped me realize my potential on my own. I thought I leaned on you for strength. But I don’t — you help me see it better.” I shrugged, “That’s how I was able to stop those witches and save Red. And why I couldn’t leave him behind when he followed me to—” I froze. “Oh, shit.”
“What is it?”
I dropped my head and rested my forehead against his chest as a grim chuckle escaped me. “I owe Angela a new car.”
Shaking with suppressed laughter, he said. “First of all, I doubt she cares. And second, I wouldn’t be surprised if Liam already replaced it with something out of your price range.”
I couldn’t help myself. I laughed. But then I felt an empty, yet electrified pocket of energy in my magical radar slow to a stop as it approached our door.
Then, in an old accent that was unmistakable, Liam said, “But of course, I did.” 
I couldn’t help myself. An unladylike snort came from me as Connor barked out a laugh and pushed his head back into the pillow.
God, but the vampire has impeccable timing.
Liam continued, “As for your statement, Connor, the order was placed on the drive home.”
Curiosity took over. “What did you buy?” I asked.
“A Bentley.” 
My lips twitched. “She’ll never accept it.”
He coughed. “What is that phrase you have used before, I wonder? Oh, I remember, wanna bet?” After surviving for over half a millennium, and the death of his mate, Liam still possessed a wicked sense of humor, even if he didn’t use it often. It only added to his appeal.
I knew one thing. Betting against Liam was a bad idea. Not only would he make sure to win, but he would up the ante in the process. With my lips twitching, I said in as much of a serious tone as I could manage, “Touché, Liam.”
“Careful,” he warned. “Or I might have to buy you one as well.”
I narrowed my eyes at the door. “You wouldn’t.”
As he turned around and began walking back the way he came, he called out, “Try me.”
Teasing banter was Connor’s forte. I learned from the best. But the vampire just beat me at my own game.
Connor chuckled, “He’s getting better at this.”
I looked up at my mate with as much seriousness as I could muster and sighed. “You know,” I mused, “I think we need to step our game.”
Though his aura brightened with light blue, he didn’t laugh. He pushed me onto my back and pinned me to the mattress. Iron shackles would have had more give than his hands. Looking down at me, pink engulfed the light blue in his aura and darkened to red. His chocolatey brown eyes dropped to my lips as he said, “I think you might be right. Let’s start by making him wait.”
And then he kissed me, hard.
Chapter 38



My mind went still and I forgot about everything but Connor’s body pressed against mine, kissing me with so much passion it took my breath away. As much as I tried to move my legs out from under him to grant him access, he didn’t move. 
A wave of his power slammed into me, but stopped before it pushed me over the edge. Breaking away from my mouth, he grinned in triumph. “We need to get dressed.” And then he proceeded to walk toward our walk-in closet, whistling as if nothing happened. 
My mouth watered at the sight of him. I didn’t need to see the flaming of his aura to know how much he wanted me in that moment. He was pretending what just happened didn’t incite his desire. But I knew better. 
I narrowed my eyes at his back as I moved to my feet. “I’ll get you for that,” I warned.
Though his red aura pulsed brighter for an instant, he turned, pulled on his usual dark jeans, and his heated gaze traveled over me like a caress. After several long moments, his eyes dragged back up to mine. “That’s what I’m counting on,” he grinned.
Two minutes later, we were dressed and made our way to the elaborate training room at the far end of Liam’s underground. 
As soon as we stepped through the stainless steel door, every resident erupted into cheers and applause. Even the humans. 
The sections for weightlifting, target practice, and weapons training along the perimeter of the room seemed to bounce the sound across its various surfaces. Several stories up, even the fluorescent lights lining the ceiling seemed to glow a little brighter from the joyous energy in the room.
Not even the multitude of sparring mats that surrounded the ever-changing obstacle course in the center muffled any of the sounds. Though its new configuration was sitting in stasis, I wondered for an instant how the new arrangement of the course would move when it was turned on. 
At first, I didn’t know why everyone was gathered in the training room, or why they were celebrating so much that the sound was deafening. But then understanding dawned. They all knew our baby was alive.
A tidal wave of emotion hit me as Connor tightened his grip on my hand and Liam stepped forward through the crowd. In a rare show of public affection, the vampire closed the distance between us and wrapped his arms around me. Hugging him back, I smiled against his shoulder and caught his faint scent of mint. 
He dipped his head toward my ear and whispered, “Congratulations, my dear. I am so very happy for you.”
The threatening tears slipped from my eyes at his words and I tightened my hold round his waist like my life depended on it. “Thank you,” I whispered back, knowing he still heard me through the din around us.
Another moment passed before he released me back to my husband and melted into the crowd. It took some time, but our path cleared toward our destination, where our closest friends waited to practice the long-form of Connor’s blended martial arts. 
At the far left side of the mat, Angela stood and the joy and relief written in her features were almost palpable. Salvatore stood beside her while Red flanked behind him. Though the werewolf was smiling, he kept his eyes down. 
Sitting on the floor, just off the mat in front of them was Shadow, Bugs, and Peter where they often sat while we trained. The little boy looked up with a wide smile on his face and I couldn’t help but return it. Though neither the werewolf nor the Sphinx could clap or cheer, their eyes said enough.
My gaze traveled and found Vlad standing near the middle of the mat with Tobias and Liam nearby. There was something in the way the three vampires carried themselves that seemed similar, but I couldn’t place it. 
William and Jorge stood beside Jon’s massive frame at the end while Puffle sat on the vampire’s broad shoulder. He whispered something in Jon’s ear and grinned at his answering explosion of laughter. It sounded like a bomb went off as it reverberated through Jon’s barreled chest and out into the room.
Once the cheers came to a close, the rest of the group began to disperse to go about their afternoon. Two vampires I only saw in passing before, moved to the obstacle course, turned it on, and grinned at each other. They sprang forward in a blur, moving at the same pace, and I couldn’t tell them apart as they sped through it.
As Angela pulled me into a fierce hug, Connor shook Salvatore’s hand and thanked him for helping me when I was hurt — and not inadvertently killing our baby in the process. 
The thousand voices started whispering, pulling my attention away. They buzzed around in my head once more with faint words I couldn’t catch. But then one slowed to a stop beside my ear and uttered one word. 
Remember. 
The events that led Connor, Shadow, and I to seek refuge in Liam’s home passed through my mind, specifically from my dream-sight. In it, I watched through a young woman’s eyes as four dark witches killed her after she revealed our location at a secluded cabin in the park. 
Four dark witches with a distinct similarity to Zoe.
After a long moment, a question formed in my mind. “There’s something nagging at me about Zoe. What do we know about how she’s changed?” 
Silence stretched on for a long moment before Angela answered, “The vault is nowhere near complete, so I’m not surprised I couldn’t find anything useful. No reports of two people co-inhabiting the same body, or any mention of a spell that can siphon power from the earth, either. Unless someone else knows something that can explain her eyes, I can’t help.”
Everyone’s attention shifted to Liam and his green eyes flickered to Connor. “I know more about Earthens than moon magic. Perhaps you can shed some light on it, can you not?” I caught the muscles in his jaw working at the admission. For a vampire that lived as long as him, he relied on knowledge to stay alive and protect the people he cared about. 
Not having the answers to saving Zoe and stopping Martin was weighing on him.
“Well,” Connor mused, “we know essences can linger after death. And if dark witches can convert essences—”
I cut him off and breathed, “Oh, shit,” as the blood drained from my face. 
Connor’s creed of everything is possible never steered us wrong before.
God, but why didn’t I see it before?
“What is it?” Connor asked.
More pieces of the puzzle slipped into place and I realized why the thousand voices reminded me of that night. “The Shelterer’s receptionist,” I breathed, remembering her final moments.
“What about her?” Angela asked.
“She was human,” I breathed. “And I watched four dark witches with eyes like Zoe’s kill her. It felt like they pulled her out of her body from just their eyes. I didn’t stay to find out what they did with her soul.”
Before I could say anything else, Liam mused, “You are thinking that siphoning the essence of a human is related to their eyes, are you not?”
I nodded and turned to Connor. “Have you ever heard of anything like that before?”
He shook his head. “First of all, there’s no rulebook on dark magic. And second, a human’s essence is not touched by magic, so the witch would have to be extremely powerful to siphon and convert it into power. It stands to reason that doing so would alter them completely.”
“So,” I continued, “that could explain why Zoe’s eyes are black. If that’s possible, then anyone’s essence can be siphoned.”
“What’s your point, Aisling?” Salvatore asked with a look of confusion in his hazel eyes. 
“I might’ve been wrong about what those two witches were doing. They inferred that by killing Red, they’d be able to control other were-animals.” I looked up at Connor. “Would killing one were-animal allow them to control them all?” 
“Depending on how the spell was designed,” he began, “I would imagine the blood and death of one would control were-animals within a certain radius from where the spell was cast.” 
“What if those two I encountered with Red weren’t the only ones trying to cast that spell?” I asked but didn’t bother to wait for an answer. “The timing is too much of a coincidence to think Martin isn’t behind it. He could draw countless were-animals from all around and compel them to do whatever he wants.” 
Taking a deep breath, I continued, “Martin’s not a complete idiot. When he recruited dark witches, he did it with the intention of taking their power after he was done with them. I’m willing to bet he’ll want to use a whole army against us — spelled were-animals included. Afterward, their essences would be free for the taking...,” I trailed off. 
“Oh, shit, indeed,” Liam muttered at the same time Connor growled, “Sonofabitch,” and pushed his long hair away from his face only to have it fall forward once more.
That was a hell of a lot of power for Zoe’s body to absorb.
God, but what if I’m not powerful enough to stop it?
A deep, overwhelming sadness washed over me as I realized I might not be able to save Zoe after all. 
“What’s wrong?” Connor asked.
Even with his help -- despite his abilities growing with every passing day -- I wasn’t sure if our combined power could contend with that much magic. 
“This is a whole new territory for us. If Zoe’s body can even absorb that much power, on top of the fact that she’s possibly already siphoned from humans, then I don’t have the slightest idea how to separate all of that from her. I’m not sure if we can even beat Martin and save her.”
“First of all, there’s no reason to think that. We can defeat him. I know it. Second, prophecy or not, all we can do is try to save her. If we can’t, then we can’t,” he shrugged. “That wouldn’t be your fault. Or mine. Alright?”
I let his words sink in.
Without waiting for me to respond, he added, “We are in this together.”
He was right. The weight of the world no longer rested on my shoulders. Our Earthen power was shared between us, just like everything else. 
And that was a relief.
Then I forced the fear away and focused on what mattered. 
How can we fight them?
“If what happened in the clearing is any indication, Voodoo practitioners are involved. Is there anything else besides them, dark witches, and a horde of were-animals that Martin might use against us?”
Bugs’s half-meow sounded into the silence that surrounded us. “Meh.”
Vlad shook his head, “I do not know if that is a yes or a no.”
“I think that was the point,” Angela said.
Bugs turned his head, looked up at my best friend with vivid green eyes, and nodded. As much as a cat could nod, anyway.
“Well, shit,” she growled.
That was my thought, too. “Okay, so our best chance to stop Martin is before we are attacked and countless lives are lost.”
“And how do you propose we do that?” Salvatore growled as green peppered into his gray aura.
I pulled in a breath, understanding the reason behind his frustration. The unknown put us all in danger. After being possessed and attempting to kill Angela, courtesy of the Voodoo queen, he was afraid it would happen again. His edges blurred for an instant and I realized he was resisting the urge to shift.
“Salvatore,” I warned as his hazel eyes shifted to yellow. They slammed into me with the force of a freight train. Before I could drop my gaze, my best friend stepped in front of me, pulling his attention away. 
The full force of his alpha power redirected to her but she stood her ground. Though Shadow pawed at the spelled red ball, pushing it back to Peter to keep his attention away from his parents, he was hyper-aware of what was happening. 
“Stop,” Angela barked when Salvatore continued to stare her down. “You’re not a threat. Neither is Shadow or Paul. Want to know why?”
That caught the werewolf’s attention and the power in his gaze disappeared. 
She extended her hand to him. “Let me show you.” Holding out the other, she added, “Let me show you all.”
One by one, we connected to her, just like we did on the bus that morning. The instant Salvatore took her hand, the training room was replaced by Angela’s forest with the blue glow of the moon shining down from above.
We zeroed in on a majestic oak tree, dancing in the breeze not far from Angela’s. The scent of vanilla gave way to the earthy hints of the woods just after a rainstorm. Around it, gray swirled like a brewing winter storm.
“It looks normal, doesn’t it?” Without waiting for a response, she flew through the forest and slowed to a stop at a towering pine tree. My metaphysical nose caught Connor’s scent of wood smoke and I relaxed a fraction. 
Then she said, “Vlad, why don’t you connect to Connor and take over for a moment. It doesn’t matter what you do.” The hazy purple and pink glow that hovered around his tree shimmered for an instant before shifting to dark green.
Beside me, I felt my husband’s hand tighten around mine and it shook a little, as if he was moving around. “What the hell?” he muttered and then chuckled as light blue joined the dark green in his aura. “I forgot to wear my tap shoes.” As he stilled, the dark green evaporated, leaving behind the light blue.
“Okay, Aisling, use your sight.”
As instructed, I looked out from Connor’s metaphysical eyes in Angela’s forest and felt the distinct tingling at the back of his neck. As I did, his tree’s aura remained the same, but there were the faintest hints of dark green underneath it that I wouldn’t have even seen if I wasn’t looking so close.
“See? She’s in there, but she’s not controlling him,” she said as I left the sight. Then she sped through the trees until she found a white birch tree that smelled like leaves in the fall, shimmering with purple. I couldn’t help but smile at its beauty. “Shadow’s aura is normal.”
After a long moment, we flew through the air before settling on what appeared to be a small, red Japanese maple with a purple aura that was dotted with gray. It smelled like faint cinnamon and I recognized it right away. “Here’s Paul. Nothing wrong there, either.”
At last, we sped through the forest until we reached Salvatore’s oak once more. His tree’s aura glowed with pink and orange, with no hints of fear or dark green to be found. “You’re not under any kind of spell or influence. If that changes, Aisling and I can fix it.”
The forest disappeared and we were back in the training room. For an instant, I saw the awestruck expression on Salvatore’s face before his aura shifted to red. He flashed forward and kissed Angela so hard, it forced her body to arc backward a little.
Just as fast as it began, the werewolf released her. I was willing to guess the yellow in his eyes was there for a completely different reason.
Once he finished wheezing from suppressed laughter, Liam spoke. “Back to the question at hand. The were-animals are our primary concern and we should make every effort to find them and break the magic that controls them, should we not?”
For a long moment, Angela chewed on her lip as her gaze drifted down to the mat in front of her. “Well, at this point, I don’t think it’s a good idea to send people out searching. And something tells me we won’t need to wait long for them to come to us.”
Instead of questioning my best friend’s declaration, Liam turned his head toward the obstacle course. Swinging around like macabre trapeze artists from ropes that hung from the high ceiling were the two vampires in a mesmerizing dance of hand-to-hand combat. “Bridget. Gary,” the vampire said. Though he didn’t raise his voice, they still heard him. 
They dropped to the ground soundlessly and before I could take my next breath, they stood in front of Liam, heads bowed as they waited for his command. The male, Gary, I presumed, stayed silent. Beneath the pallor that marked him as an undead creature, his skin was still a flawless ebony.
In stunning contrast, Bridget trilled, “Sire.” Based on her thick accent combined with her fair skin and eyes, I thought she was Scandinavian.
Given what I already knew of Liam’s people, they were diverse, to say the least. It seemed each one brought something unique and integral to the group as a whole. Adding that to his affinity of preparing his people for war — in whatever form that might be — I wouldn’t be surprised if Bridget was a Viking Shieldmaiden in her human life.
“Go with Tobias and Jorge,” Liam instructed, “Guard the perimeter and if anything approaches the barrier, report back immediately. Do not engage.”
The four of them sped off through the stainless steel door and out of sight.
An hour later, there was a distinct charge of electricity in the growing anticipation, even as most of us followed along with Connor’s long-form. The slow, methodical movements were meant to help ease some of the tension and lingering anxiety that thickened the air around us. Judging by the looks on everyone’s faces, they weren’t feeling any more relief than I was.
I wasn’t sure what caused it, but it seemed as though everyone knew our time was up. The outcome was anyone’s guess, but we could all feel the final battle was drawing near. Like a fog creeping up along the grassy hillside at dawn, blanketing it in a thick, wet cloud.
Even Puffle struggled. While he attempted to follow along, every few moments, his four-inch frame blurred and took flight before landing once more on Jon’s broad shoulder. And as the long-form came to a close, the tension his shoulders were worse than they were before we began.
The silence stretched on for a long moment and it was deafening. Then, a sudden, shrill sound cut through it with so much intensity, it made me jump into the air as adrenaline replaced the blood in my veins for the second time that day.
Liam reached into his pants pocket and pulled out his cell phone. “Tobias,” he quipped.
“Something’s happening out here,” the vampire began with a hint of fear in his voice. “I don’t know what it is, but it’s like the whole town is caught up in it. Everything — and I mean everything — is silent outside the barrier. Bridget and Gary went out to the main road to investigate.” 
The blood drained from my face as ice slid down my spine. I could feel it in every cell in my body. “They’re coming,” I breathed.
As Liam barked, “Call them back and get inside, now,” I caught the wide-eyed, fearful expression on Puffle’s face. The indecision on his face was clear. And I understood why.
He made a vow to me and the rest of our group because we honored the sacrifice his three eldest children made to save Connor’s life. He didn’t want to abandon us at such a critical moment to check in with the remainder of his family. But at the same time, the silence Tobias mentioned frightened him.
“Go to your family,” I said. “Make sure they’re alright. Move them somewhere safe away from my house. And then come back.”
He nodded, all of his usual bravado and lightheartedness gone from his features. “If I’m not back in fifteen minutes, then you’ll know...,” he trailed off.
My stomach fell at the implications of his statement. As an Earthen with heightened emotions, it tore me up inside at the death of his triplet teenagers. And after what Connor and I went through with our baby, I could imagine only a fraction of the pain he felt every day. Not to mention what he could be feeling in those moments. 
Sadness washed over me with a vengeance. My lips started to tremble. “If that’s the case, we will come looking for you. It wouldn’t be your burden to bear alone.”
Without another word, Puffle disappeared from the training room into the quiet of the night like he was shot from a cannon. 
I sucked in air and tried to calm myself, but then Connor gripped my shoulders and turned me to face him and I almost lost it. His brown eyes met mine and I tried to focus on them.
“It doesn’t make sense for the pixies to be a target. Martin might know that a pixie works with us, but he wouldn’t know who he is, where he lives, or that he has a family.” He was right. I knew it. But deep down, doubts were still there, clawing at my mind with sharp talons. The silence beyond the barrier and the encroaching unknown was eating away at me.
The words I wanted to say hung on the tip of my tongue, but Liam stepped into my vision and regarded me. Reaching up with a pale hand, he tucked an errant curl behind my ear. “My dear Aisling. This is not your fault. Do not apologize.”
I let out a breath I didn’t realize I was holding and I gripped the material of Connor’s shirt a little tighter, as if that might help me stop the words from tumbling out anyway. 
My need to apologize for something as minor as flinching might have dissipated after running away, but I wasn’t sure how long I would manage something of that magnitude. Everything Martin ever did to me might not be my fault, but it was because of me. And in my mind, those were one and the same. Finally, after a long moment, I bit my tongue and nodded.
“Very well,” Liam said. “Prepare yourselves.”
As Liam stopped speaking, instead of gearing up for the oncoming threat, everything descended into chaos. Even without a connection to the powerful, glamoured barrier outside his home, I still felt a massive wave of dark power slam into it, shattering it into metaphysical dust in the next instant.
Then I heard a series of explosions impacting the house from above. As far away as we were from the front of the building, I still felt the shudders beneath my feet from the shockwaves.
It took me a few moments to register everything happening above. And when I searched with my magical radar to find Tobias and Jorge, what I found sent terror down my spine. Following on their heels were dozens of were-animals. Too many for them to fend off on their own.
Several seconds passed and I registered the human signatures that were spaced out, between us and the advancing army. To my horror, as I located the ones caught in the melee above ground, I felt them disappearing, one after another.
Connor and I were surrounded by a flurry of activity. While our friends didn’t need weapons aside from their teeth, claws, or fangs, most of them snatched at least one from their various perches along the racks and walls in the training room before following us out into the hallway. 
At the end of the expanse was a door and the only staircase that led to the main floor of Liam’s home. As the wooden door exploded inward, the bloodied forms of Tobias and Jorge ran through the threshold with droves of snarling were-animals behind them.
The few humans still lingering too close to that stairwell were the first to die, with spurts of blood coming from the gaping wounds that were once their throats before they fell, lifeless to the ground.
But something wasn’t right. As my magic fanned out through the house, into the confines of the barrier, and just beyond, the blood drained from my face.
There were only about twenty humans left alive. And about eight of them were too close to the onslaught. I tried to push the invaders back with magic, but it felt like oil sliding around water.
“Help the humans,” I cried and charged toward them. Even my accelerated speeds weren’t fast enough to save them all. That didn’t stop me from trying. As I reached what appeared to be a were-coyote, my fist swung out in a wide arc, impacting her jaw with so much force, it knocked her unconscious.
I felt a few knuckles crack as the impact reverberated up my arm, but I didn’t stop. Two more humans fell to the ground as the rest began to panic. Several tried to run, but they were too slow. Something that sounded like a tiger registered to my ears before they, too, dropped to the floor with wet, splashing sounds.
Their throats weren’t slit. They were disemboweled and their insides tumbled out as they fell.
Connor ran past me and hurdled over the lifeless bodies and their surrounding pools of blood, dodging the were-animals along the way before disappearing up the stairs. “Connor,” I cried, not knowing what he was doing, but he was already gone.
I attempted to run after him, but there were too many creatures in my way. As they redirected their attention to me, the final two remaining humans nearest to the door were rescued from the fray. When the first werewolf reached me, a glint of something silver cut across my vision before the life faded from the wolf’s eyes. 
His body dropped to the ground and the long trident that pierced his chest was wrenched away as Liam stepped in front of me, ready to use it on the next were-animal that moved too close to me.
The pull in my stomach grew weaker as the moments dragged on and I felt my husband running through the front door and out toward the main road. “We have to go after Connor,” I cried to Liam.
With the trident knocking the legs out from underneath its next victim, the vampire said, “My dear, they let him pass. They are not granting us the same courtesy.” There was sadness in his tone as he stepped over one of the dead humans. “Now, what does that tell you?”
Ice slid down my spine. I didn’t need to answer him. They wanted Connor to go outside. And in the confusion, no one was able to stop him. The night I thought they were killed, Zoe used a spell to compel Connor to go to them, leading us to what my step-father hoped was a trap I couldn’t escape.
God, but did they want to use him as a trap again?
There were too many others fighting in the hallway. If I tried chasing after him, all it would take was one careful swipe of a sharp object. Based on my radar and that pull in my stomach, Connor was using his full Earthen speed. Even if we broke through in that instant, none of us would be capable of catching up to him before he reached his destination.
When the last spelled were-animal was either dead or unconscious, Liam barked out a command for a handful of his people to stay behind and protect the twelve humans that were still alive and secure the unconscious were-animals. 
The rest of us sped after Connor as fast as our feet could carry us.
Chapter 39



We ran through the front door at blinding speeds. Beneath the sounds of the wind rushing past my ears, there was nothing. A deafening silence blanketed around Nashville and the large park nestled beside it. There were no owls hooting in the trees. No dogs barking. No car engines running. 
Tobias was right. Everything was quiet. Too quiet.
The overwhelming scent of copper overpowered Nashville’s signature winter air, infused with the aroma of wood smoke. It was enough to make me gag, but I refused to stop. There was a growing hint of another scent on the breeze I couldn’t yet place. 
At the head of Orchard Road, just beyond the destroyed barrier, I caught sight of something hovering in the darkness, beneath a dense canopy of pine trees. In the limited blue light from the moon, I couldn’t make them out.
Magic leaked from me, illuminating the area shrouded in darkness, as if the moonlight went straight through that blanket of pine needles clinging to the overhead branches. I gasped and my feet rooted themselves on the unforgiving pavement, halting my advancement. 
Two sets of heavy chains descended from one of the thick branches that reached across the lane. At their ends were large iron hooks, pierced through the shoulder blades of two lifeless forms. A strangled sound escaped me. 
It was the two vampires, Bridget and Gary. Both of their backs were sliced down the spine, revealing twin gaping chasms. Their skin, ribs, and lungs were spread outward, resembling macabre wings. Everything else was gone, spilled out onto the ground beneath them. Pools of blood surrounded entrails while their severed heads sat on the top.
Oh my god. Those are blood eagles.
Except for their missing heads, the ritualistic sacrifice made famous by old Norse poetry was meant to send me a message. As Liam approached, he examined the carnage and the horrified expression on his face shifted to defeat.
“Were they yours?” I breathed.
“Yes,” the vampire began, “they were my progeny. But, my dear, their hearts are destroyed beyond repair.”
My heart sank at his words. Without their hearts, we couldn’t revive them as ghouls. Bridget and Gary stared out at me with accusing, dead eyes, and the faint scent I caught on the breeze grew sharper as I inched closer. I knew it the instant I inhaled.
It smelled like maple syrup. So thick and sweet that it coated my lungs like molasses.
It was antifreeze -- Martin’s calling card. 
Days before my mother died when I was eleven, he poisoned my dog with it and forced me to watch the poor thing suffer a long, painful death. Later, he used it on Shadow, knowing it wouldn’t kill him, but I was still forced to watch him suffer until a Healer was able to remove it.
Martin knew that poisoning Shadow after murdering my dog would send me a message. Knew those screams — not howls, but screams — would haunt me for the rest of my days. That moment was no different. I didn’t think I could ever close my eyes again without seeing those agonized expressions and the carnage that led up to their deaths. 
Just like before, the antifreeze said it all.
This was your fault.
Before I could even begin to voice an apology for their deaths, my throat closed as the craggy fingers of a flashback crawled up my neck, preparing to drag me under. Liam spun around and his strong arms wrapped around me, startling me enough to cause that hold to slip and the words to catch in my throat. “Do not say it,” he growled. “This is not your fault.”
I didn’t know how he knew I was spiraling, but his hold was too tight for me to do anything but breathe. At first, I tried to resist. To pull back enough to let the words tumble out of me. But the vampire held fast.
A deep part of me was grateful for his presence and it pushed toward the surface, fighting against my past. Pressing my face into his chest, I gulped in air, catching only his scent of mint, and tried to push away the onslaught of dark thoughts.
My name is Aisling Green and I’m an Earthen witch….
The message was loud and clear. From the carnage inside—
I’m with Liam and my friends. Connor is gone….
—and the brutal, torturous killing of the two vampires.—
My step-father is here for one thing — me….
—It was all meant for me — my punishment for retaliating.—
Connor is going to die if I don’t get it together — now….
—What happened was my fault after all.
THIS IS NOT MY FAULT.
The scream in my head reverberated through every cell in my body. I took another deep breath and forced the dark thoughts aside, knowing it would do nothing but threaten my control further. The tension released from my shoulders and I took another deep breath.
Leaning back, Liam searched my gaze. “You are alright, are you not, my dear?”
I nodded. Though I didn’t verbally acknowledge him, he released me. The fresh, sweet scent of antifreeze burned my nose, but I refused to let it overcome me.
“Then lead the way.”
As we ran, it became clear where Connor was. I ran through the familiar, deserted streets within the park toward the West Lookout Tower. A large structure built from stone and lumber, with long open windows on each side at the top. 
Somehow, it wasn’t a surprise that Martin wanted to confront me where I took his life. For a sociopath like him, it was rather fitting to dish out his payback there.
Not only did I sense Connor up in the tower with my magical radar, but I felt two other signatures. The first, I guessed was Zoe and Martin. It gave off similar sinister magical vibes to other dark witches, with two notable differences. It swirled like a tornado and every few moments, it flickered with dark lightning. 
The other one registered to me like static at first, but when I focused on it, I felt it shift to something else. While I felt Angela and Bugs glowing like Christmas trees with tendrils of light extending into the ground, this mystery person was the opposite, radiating like a black light with similar, almost imperceptible offshoots extending into the tower’s floor.
From everything I experienced since I entered the supernatural world — the light and dark of moon magic, Earthen power, and the unfamiliar, yet formidable evolution of Zoe’s darkness — it stood to reason that the person was an opposing force to my best friend and her cat.
Adding that to the fact that he or she was with Zoe and Martin, I considered that presence, until proven otherwise, bad news.
As I drifted closer to the tower, I walked into what felt like thick water mixed with static at the edge of the tree line that opened to the tall structure. It stopped me at first, like it was scanning me, but then let me pass without resistance. Behind me, Liam and the rest of the group that followed stopped short like they were met with an invisible brick wall. But unlike me, it wouldn’t let them pass.
And that probably wasn’t far from the truth.
It wasn’t a surprise that Martin would want me cut off from my friends like before when I ran away. I knew him well enough to know that he was leading me to a trap. With Connor as the bait, I was left with no other choice. He was both my biggest strength and greatest weakness. 
I couldn’t leave the man I loved at my step-father’s mercy. I wouldn’t. And Martin knew it, too. He was counting on it.
“Aisling,” Liam growled, low, but I kept walking. I knew why he wanted me to stop and turn around. But at the same time, there was nothing any of my friends could do to fight against Martin’s magic and protect me. 
I breathed, “It’s okay,” knowing the vampire could still hear me. Then I pushed the wooden door open and ascended the steps into the tower.
What I found when I reached the open room at the top of the West Lookout Tower wasn’t what I expected. Standing just inside the threshold was a woman I never saw before.
This was the person I sensed with my radar. Still glowing like a black light.
She wore an inky silk dress that shimmered in the candle light and it flowed over her slight curves in all the right places while her straight, white hair flowed past her shoulders. Even though she didn’t appear to be a day over thirty, her hair color still somehow suited her features.
But then I caught sight of her eyes and the blood drained from my face.
They were white.
Not just the irises like mine or Connor’s when we unleashed out of desire or love — on that woman, there were no pupils to be found. I wasn’t sure which was more disturbing, the utter emptiness within hers, or the black, gravitational oblivion inside Zoe’s eyes.
I didn’t know what to make of those eerie, pearlescent orbs. It didn’t appear as though the white-haired woman knew I stood there in front of her. And I wondered for an instant if she could see at all.
Whatever she was, she was neither human nor other, as far as I could tell, with her lack of an aura. But it was that dark glow in my mind that set me on edge the most. 
God, but what the hell is she?
But then my thoughts stalled as the strange woman pivoted to the side, revealing Connor and Zoe in the far corner. Though the witch’s eyes were still black, devouring the light around her, it was … spreading. Black veins snaked out from her eyes and I felt Martin’s cruel sneer as she bared her teeth, filed down into razor-sharp fangs. 
Wearing her usual black leather stiletto boots with matching skin-tight jeans and a billowy tank top, Zoe was still beautiful beneath the frightening changes. But without her leather jacket, her pale arms were visible. And they were riddled with strange symbols I didn’t recognize. 
Runes. Carved into her skin with a knife. 
It was as if she was pulled straight from a nightmare.
Connor was on his knees, his hands tied behind his back and a gag in his mouth. Though his aura swirled with a sad dark blue and fearful gray, it was the look he gave me that made me pause. It said one thing. 
Run. 
But I wasn’t going anywhere unless it was with him.
“You’ve been bad, little girl,” Martin’s voice dripped with malice. There was no trace of Zoe’s Australian accent or her distinct feminine cadence. If my step-father didn’t already overpower her and take her essence, I still didn’t know how to separate them. I didn’t even know if she would even want to be rescued at all. 
“As you can see,” my step-father continued, sneering with those menacing teeth in full view, “I’m a little more prepared this time.” 
Whatever my step-father planned, I didn’t want to find out. But that didn’t mean I wasn’t going to use every weapon in my arsenal to figure out what that plan was. “Oh, really?” I mused, my voice dripping with cynicism. “You think this—” I waved my hand to indicate his sightless companion “—means you’re better prepared? Whatever you say, Martin.” I shrugged.
Just as I hoped, Zoe’s features bristled as an angry green slithered around the black in her aura. In that moment, I caught the almost imperceptible hints of dark green that lingered there. 
I hoped that meant her body was still inhabiting two essences. That my friends were right in thinking that maybe Martin was no more than a ghost trying to possess a body. With luck, Zoe was still there. Inside. With him. But so far, there was nothing to indicate otherwise.
My step-father nodded, “Our numbers would have been higher if you didn’t intervene. But they were effective. Tell me, how many deaths are on your conscious now?” Black eyes glittered with dark humor.
I grinned, refusing to take the bait. “Well, I always was one to cause trouble. Wasn’t I?” 
“It’s too bad my spell didn’t end your fuck boy,” he countered. “But, hey, I’ve got something better in store for him this time.”
“It’s interesting to know you can’t do anything but reuse old tricks,” I mused, as if I already knew my step-father’s plans.
“Why change something if it’s not broken?” he countered.
I smiled inwardly as Connor’s eyes widened a fraction. My bluff worked. Though I didn’t know what he was referring to, Martin revealed that he’d tried the same trick before.
Zoe nodded toward the woman standing to my side, and Martin said, “Meet Beatrice. You see, she’s not what you would call normal.”
“I can see that,” I dipped my head once in acknowledgment. “She’s catatonic with white eyes. Seriously, Martin, I’m shaking in my boots.” I widened my eyes for effect.
“Tell me something, you little whore,” Martin began again, raking Zoe’s black eyes over me once more. “Have you ever heard of a Banshee?”
Despite the distance between my position in the tower and my friends beyond the tree line, I still heard a snarl traveling through the open windows. I didn’t know who made the noise, but it told me enough.
I read about the creatures from Irish mythology before, but I didn’t recall any of it mentioned in the lore Angela kept in her vault. Deciphering which parts of that mythology, if any, were truth, was the difficult part. But if everything is real and possible, combined with that faint, menacing snarl, Beatrice needed a significant upgrade from bad news to very dangerous. 
I waved my hand as if the existence of those creatures were old news. “What use is a Banshee in your little scenario?”
Without bothering to answer my question, Martin went on, “This Banshee is special. Want to know why?”
I rolled my eyes. “You’re going to tell me anyway, so why don’t you get on with it?”
He laughed. But I held my tongue and waited. It seemed as though my step-father was equally as talented as Liam when it came to taking his time making his point. 
Unlike Martin, the vampire’s habit was endearing. Most of the time.
“She has bound our souls as one.”
“You’re already controlling Zoe’s body, how much more do you want?”
“Ah, you see, I don’t need it for her. She was strong enough to share control. After your little stunt, you scared her so much that I was finally able to overpower her. She’s still in here, though.” The muscles in Connor’s jaw worked as he absorbed my step-father’s words. 
“It’s nice,” Martin continued, “hearing her sobs and wails, begging me to let her back in.” That grin widened, showing more of those filed teeth. “It would be so much better if those cries were yours.” 
“Are you going to make your point anytime soon?” I snapped.
“Beatrice has created,” he mused, ignoring me while searching for the right phrase, “an insurance policy. The life within my new body is linked with his.” 
Zoe snapped her pale fingers and, even in the dim candlelight, I saw Connor’s aura flash with dark green for an instant before the dark blue and gray overpowered it. If I didn’t know what to look for, I wouldn’t have noticed the faint hints of dark green remaining along its edges. 
As ice slid down my spine, Martin added with a wide grin, “It’s not magic this time, so you’re not going to be able to stop it.”
I knew from experience how devastating a linking spell could be. Any injury sustained by one would be mirrored in the other. And if it wasn’t magic that connected them, then Liam’s Earthen-friendly blood wouldn’t break that connection. Connor’s shield wouldn’t activate to save him, either.
If any part of what I knew of Banshees was true, then the man I loved was doomed or Martin would live. Neither was an option. And unless we found another way, I wouldn’t walk out of the West Lookout Tower’s clearing without paying a heavy price.
All emotion fell away from Zoe’s expression as her black gaze leveled on me. “If I die,” Martin drawled, “he dies. If you refuse my demand, all it takes is another snap of my fingers and the link is broken along with his neck. There’s only one way to save his life.”
 “What do you want?” I asked, low, though I didn’t need an answer.
“Turn yourself over to me, give me all your power and your soul.”
While his demand wasn’t a surprise, I didn’t know what to say. 
But then the Banshee’s white eyes shifted to regard my husband. “Connor Jennings, your life is bound,” she droned. “You will die if Aisling Green does not.”
Chapter 40



There was the catch. Connor would die if I didn’t. It wasn’t just Martin’s attempt to keep himself alive long enough to take what he wanted from me — which was everything. My mind reeled as I tried to recall as much as I could about Banshees. Out of all the information I could recall in that moment, there was one commonality. 
They were harbingers of death.
I blinked, and I was no longer looking out from my own eyes. Given where my host stood, looking up at the tower’s open windows, I wasn’t surprised when Liam breathed, “Deeper.” Though it was a little jarring whenever Liam pulled me into sight, that little ability he inherited from his father was invaluable. 
As instructed, I pushed deeper until I heard Liam’s old-world accent. Aisling?
Tell me what the hell is going on, Liam. What am I supposed to do?
Banshees are every bit as real as you and I. They can predict death and, according to legend, take souls to the Underworld, where demons and corrupted souls live. 
How can we stop the link?
Attempting to do so will likely kill Connor as a failsafe. In all my years, I have never encountered a time when a Banshee’s mark could be saved. Listen carefully, my dear. If either Martin or Connor dies, they both will die. 
That was all I needed to know. I knew what the vampire meant by his last statement. I’d proven more than once that it was possible to revive people with magic, Connor included. But there were too many variables and unknowns to consider that my only option. 
Unless I had no other choice, I was going to wait.
As I pulled away from the sight, the Banshee redirected her attention to me. “You must die or you will sacrifice the lives of the ones you love.”
A burst of laughter escaped me. I couldn’t help myself. The sheer ridiculousness of that statement was too much. “You’ve got to be kidding me,” I said through giggles. I was beginning to wonder if I lost a few too many marbles since I found myself rooted in the supernatural world just a few short months before.
“Why are you laughing?” my step-father asked through Zoe’s sharp, clenched teeth.
“Because what she just said is complete bullshit. No matter what happens, you’re going to try to kill every last person I care about, whether I’m alive or dead. And you won’t stop there.”
Zoe’s mouth opened to speak, but I wasn’t done talking. “Furthermore, Martin,” I sneered, knowing it would incite his anger even further, “whether or not what you claim is true, you can’t have me unless you release Connor. Now.” The confidence behind my bravado surprised even me.
“I will consider releasing him once you are dead, little girl.”
Shaking my head, I gritted, “Then no deal.” 
“Is that your final answer?” my step-father asked.
I squared my shoulders. “Yes.”
Something strange washed over me. And, with another flick of Zoe’s wrist, Connor flew backward, slamming into the opposite corner of the tower’s unforgiving log walls with a loud oomph before falling in a heap on the uneven floor. Before his body remembered how to pull in his next breath, I heard him scramble to his feet.
As much as I wanted to turn to make sure he was okay, that strange jumble of energy held me in place and I couldn’t fight against it. It was a combination of Voodoo and something else I never felt before.
Unleashing my magic, I tried everything I could to push it away from me, but it did nothing. Then I attempted to direct my magic to my step-father, but it impacted and then disappeared into that strange invisible wall. Red blanketed my vision as rage took over the will behind my magic, but still, nothing broke through my unwelcome cocoon.
“You were always mine, little girl,” Martin said through Zoe’s bared teeth. “It’s time I take what’s mine.” The black veining on Zoe’s face spread outward, disappearing into her hairline and beneath the fabric of her tank top as power wafted from her in heavy waves. 
Like a two-way mirror, it passed through the barrier and into me.
There was nothing I could do. I couldn’t prevent my step-father from killing me and my unborn child. “No, please,” I gritted and continued my futile struggle against what was happening. 
“Yes!” my step-father cried. “I want you to beg before I kill you.”
My lips pressed into a hard line. Until the bitter end, I wouldn’t grant him the satisfaction. But luck was against me. If I didn’t figure out what to do, I was going to die. And I would take my unborn baby with me. 
Connor’s muffled voice hit my ears, but the gag prevented me from understanding what he said. Even without looking at him, I felt his desperation.
Clearing my thoughts, I tried to find something — anything — that would keep me alive. Since the power that held me in stasis wasn’t magic, my body didn’t seem to recognize that I was being siphoned by it. Otherwise, my shield would’ve activated to protect me.
With Liam and the rest of our friends held back at the tree line, no one could come to my rescue. That left Connor. Though I felt his power flowing off him in waves, it didn’t seem to be doing anything, either.
My magic poured out of me and it snaked across the uneven floor before disappearing into Zoe’s body. With every passing moment, it grew in intensity, leaving me with seconds. 
As blackness started to bleed into the edges of my vision, massive tears slipped from my eyes. “Zoe,” I whimpered. “Please. If you’re in there, don’t let him do this. I’m still pregnant.”
Her eyes widened as the veining on her arms started to retract. “Stop,” that distinct feminine Australian voice shouted as her control broke through. 
God, but Zoe is still in there. And she’s fighting for me.
When my power didn’t return, I realized the spell was only paused. I watched the battle play out in Zoe’s features as Martin tried to overpower her once more. The interlude allowed me to feel the emptiness spreading through my body. It was as if all the warmth left me and was replaced by ice.
And that wasn’t far from the truth. I was freezing, but it wasn’t from terror. That cold went much deeper than my body’s physical response to fear. It was the absence of my magic.
The struggle on Zoe’s face was evident, but after a few more long moments, her expression cleared and her gaze leveled on me again.
In that moment, I knew. 
Zoe failed. And Martin was about to finish what he started.
As those black veins began to spread once more and her eyes slid closed, my body went numb as the last remnants of magic poured from my body.
But then, Connor was there. The gag and ties holding his hands behind his back were gone, but he stayed silent. Beneath the frantic look in his eyes, his expression combined with the pink shimmering around the dark blue  and hints of deep green in his aura told me how much he loved me. 
It said goodbye.
Then, his magic slammed into me with the power of a freight train, knocking me backward and out of the barrier like I was nothing more than oil passing through water. 
While I sailed through the air, I watched in horror as Connor took my place inside that barrier. There was just enough time to feel my power come rushing back to me before the Banshee caught me out of the air and clamped her hand over my mouth, silencing the cry that crawled up my throat.
Zoe’s blackened eyes were still closed as Martin continued with his spell. He was so distracted from the excitement of taking my power that he didn’t notice Connor’s sudden switch.
The siphoned power came rushing back to me and my body shivered from the after-effects of reabsorbing my magic, replacing the numbness with that deep cold once more. I felt the electricity of it there, waiting beneath the surface to do as needed. 
I struggled to break free from the Banshee’s hold — both physically and otherwise, and a brick wall would’ve had more give than her arms. With as much effort as I was putting into throwing her backward and away from me with magic, nothing happened. Either I was weaker than a kitten in that moment, or she was much stronger than I thought possible. 
Can a Banshee null my magic?
That was a scary thought.
I thought I heard a faint, “Now,” come from her, but I didn’t have time to process it. Because the blockade of her arms was gone in the next instant and magic erupted from me like a bomb went off. 
It obliterated the barrier that held Connor in place like it was nothing more than an illusion. He crumpled to the floor in exhaustion as that same wave of power continued outward until it impacted and hurled Zoe backward through the tower’s large room.
And for a long moment, nothing happened.
It took me a moment to register what I was seeing in the dim, candle-lit space as Zoe landed in a heap on the uneven floor at the opposite end. As my gaze flickered back to Connor, I realized he didn’t fall in exhaustion. 
No.
I watched in horror as his deep green, dark blue, and gray aura evaporated into nothing. 
Nothing registered to my senses. Not the pull to be closer to my mate. Not Connor’s brilliant glow in my magical radar. Not even Zoe’s altered presence. 
Though Martin signed his own death warrant when he didn’t stop the spell that was meant to kill me, that didn’t mean Connor couldn’t be saved.
God, but there’s still a chance.
That burst of power continued moving outward like a huge shockwave, impacting the invisible brick wall surrounding the tower, and the instant it gave way, my radar detected several of my friends rushing toward me. But I couldn’t bring myself to care. 
None of it mattered if I couldn’t save the man I loved.
Dropping to my knees beside Connor, my mind whirled, trying to figure out what I could do to save him. His skin was still warm against my palms as I gripped his face, trying to will him back to life, but nothing happened. 
Frantic whispers buzzed around in my head and I froze, listening. 
If what they told me was right, there was still time to save him. But I needed to act. Fast.
Lightning flashed overhead and a storm of my creation grew in intensity. I unleashed, forcing the lightning to arc down through one of the open windows and fill me with more power. Then, my mind focused on my target -- Zoe’s dead body, hidden from my view.
My hands shot out in front of me in a blur and two bodies went flying to the side and out of my way. Though I saw Liam tackle Angela to the ground before lighting of my own erupted from my outstretched fingers, my brain didn’t register that either of them were in the path of that lightning.
I located the unconverted magic and essence that belonged to Connor. It was so potent I tasted his wood smoke in the back of my throat. I ripped every last bit of what was stolen from him with all the energy I could muster. As the moments ticked by, a white-hot light oozed out of Zoe’s body like a fog, traveling toward me across the floor. 
By the time the last of it lifted off the ground and swirled under my palm like a miniature sun, I was growing weaker. Slamming my palm against Connor’s chest, I forced his soul and power back into his body, willing him back to life at the same time. I put everything that remained into the effort until I was breathless from exertion.
As my power waned and fell away, I knew I was depleted. 
Then I watched. And waited. 
The seconds dragged on and Connor didn’t wake. There was no intake of breath, no revival of his aura. 
Nothing.
Massive tears slipped from my eyes as violent shudders wracked through my body. 
No.
I refused to think it was too late. The voices told me what to do. I sucked in a breath and waited, but still, no signs of life came from my mate, and my heart shattered into a million pieces as I crumbled. 
Nononononono.
“Please, Connor,” I whispered through the sobs.
But nothing happened. 
I was too late after all.
He gave his life to save me and our baby. In the process, he killed both Zoe and Martin. And I failed. In every sense of the word. No matter how I looked at it, I wasn’t strong or fast enough to save him or Zoe. 
Burying my face into Connor’s chest, I sat. Defeated, broken, and alone.
Though my radar picked up on the Banshee, moving toward Zoe’s lifeless body, I didn’t know what she was doing. It no longer mattered. The harbinger of death lived up to her promise by ending Connor’s life if I lived.
With a sudden flutter in my lower belly, my body arced backward so hard I thought my spine would snap. A scream tore out of me as a bright, white light erupted from me.
A light that wasn’t mine.
It was hers. 
Then the most beautiful sound hit my ears.
Connor gasped for air and more tears burned my eyes before falling. I wanted to look at him. See for myself what my ears, radar, and sudden pull toward him told me — that he was alive. Instead, I was frozen in place, with my blurred eyes pointed skyward and seeing nothing but the dim outline of the exposed beams from the West Lookout Tower’s roof.
Our baby saved her father’s life. Again.
But, there was no time to feel relief. I didn’t even have the chance to take my next breath before I felt myself falling and everything went black.
Chapter 41



Oblivion surrounded me. Like floating in outer space with no stars in sight. I didn’t know where I was or what was happening, but somehow, I didn’t think I was dead. I spent every last bit of magic I could muster in an effort to save Connor’s life. And in the end, it was our baby that came to his rescue. Again.
Without a doubt, she was the single greatest thing Connor and I could ever create together. Not even halfway through the pregnancy, she was already more powerful than either of us, and that filled me with equal parts awe, joy, and fear.
I would always be grateful for her. But I would also be scared for her. If I was met with so much resistance as the first Earthen in centuries, what would the world have in store for her as the first of her kind? 
Whatever awaited us in the future, she’d have a whole army waiting to protect her.
“Thank you,” I whispered to her across the silence.
And then I opened my eyes.
Connor’s shadowed face was there, looking down at me. His smooth brown hair curtained around his features as he leaned over me, but in the limited light, I couldn’t make out any details. He heaved a sigh of relief while a beautiful mixture of gray, dark blue, pink, and white danced together to some unheard melody that carried on the breeze. 
To my relief, there were no hints of dark green lingering around him with the rest of the colors in his aura.
In that moment, words escaped me. I reached up to his face, reveling in the warmth and the tickle of the stubble that always sent shivers down my spine, and reminded myself that he was alive. After several long moments, I breathed, “Hey.”
“You’re alright,” he whispered and his thumb wiped a tear that slipped from the corner of my eye.
I didn’t respond to him. I didn’t need to. Sitting up, I pulled him into my arms, breathing him in while the strength of his muscles molded around me. Running my fingers through his hair, feeling the silkiness of it, I rested my hand at the back of his neck and inhaled once more, repeating over and over in my head that he was alright.
He was safe.
We were safe.
And Martin was dead.
Despite our best intentions, we couldn’t save Zoe. Sadness washed over me at her loss. And the loss of everyone else back at Liam’s home. Pulling back enough to scan the tower’s large room, I found Liam. “How many?” I asked.
I didn’t need to elaborate on my question. The vampire knew what I meant. With a quick glance at Tobias, he replied, “Nineteen humans, two vampires, and eight were-animals.” Though I was happy that the loss of life wasn’t more severe, I was still heartbroken over each loss.
Before I could wallow in that grief, there was much to be done. The first was figuring out what the Banshee was doing as she knelt by Zoe’s lifeless body on the uneven floor. 
“What’s going on?” I asked, nodding toward the strange woman.
“I believe,” Liam began, “that she is taking their souls to the Underworld, my dear.”
As he finished speaking, Beatrice opened her white eyes and moved to her feet. After a long moment, Zoe gasped and sat up, eyes wide as her black aura sprang back to life in the same instant. The veins that extended out from her eyes were gone, but her carved runes, jagged teeth, black eyes still remained. 
She looked up at the Banshee and cried, “Is he gone?” That voice was no longer entwined with Martin’s. It was all Zoe, Australian accent included. Though I saw the relief in her features, I still caught the confusion written there.
With a nod, Beatrice said, “He is in the Underworld where he belongs. Your body is yours.” 
A smile crept into my lips as I stood and moved toward them, pulling Connor with me. Though they didn’t make any noise, both Vlad and Liam flanked us. “How did you figure out how to stop him?” I breathed as I reached out to help her to her feet.
She hesitated for a moment before accepting my hand. Wincing as she stood, she replied, “It’s a long story.” 
“Please,” I said, releasing her hand, my eyes begging her to bring some clarity to so much confusion.
“I never wanted any of this to happen.” She shrugged. “I never even intended to darken at all.”  She paused and looked around. 
“Go on,” Connor prompted. He wrapped his arm around my waist. I wasn’t sure if the gesture was meant to soothe me or him. But it didn’t matter.
“Martin and I were both conscious at the same time, and it was a constant battle to keep some form of control. Because of that, I couldn’t resist his plans.” Tears spilled from her eyes, “After your dream spell, he overpowered me. That’s what ended up saving me.”
Beatrice spoke next. “I knew the destruction Martin would bring if he succeeded, so I let him think I struck a bargain with him when he summoned me. While he was in his last dream spell with you,” she dipped her head toward me, “Zoe was able to come forward.”
Picking my jaw up off the floor, I looked at the two women in awe. 
Zoe’s black eyes flickered to Connor. “I knew how you would react to protect Aisling. That was why Beatrice convinced him to complete the link.”
Liam shook his head, “Connor was but an instant away from death by Martin’s spell last night. You did not know he would survive, did you not?”
“I didn’t,” Zoe began. “But Martin didn’t want it to work.” 
Except for the Banshee, several sets of confused expressions looked at the witch, like she grew a second head.
“To siphon power,” she continued, “you have to be close to the source. If Connor died, all that magic would’ve been out of reach.” Her black eyes traveled over us before landing on me. “He just wanted to rattle you. I don’t know how you stopped it or what he would’ve done if he succeeded, but you’re both alive.”
“So,” I mused, “all of this was a set up against Martin based on how you thought Connor would react — if he survived?”
Both women nodded and then Beatrice added, “You two are mates. We were certain he would sacrifice himself for you.”
I shook my head in disbelief and then grinned. “I’m glad you didn’t give up.”
“Were you telling the truth before?” Zoe breathed as a hopeful white bled into her aura. “Is your baby still alive?” 
I nodded, “She’s alive.”
Her shoulders slumped in relief. “Oh, thank god.”
“I don’t understand,” Connor began, eyeing Zoe, “you’re so …,” he trailed off, the confusion apparent on his face.
“Normal?” Zoe offered.
He nodded.
“After I darkened, I still felt like myself. I never felt dark. I tried to find a way to reverse it, gathering more power, but not depleting anyone. That way, their magic could regenerate. I never killed anyone, but I let everyone think I was exactly what you thought I’d become.” 
Her eyes flickered to Connor. “I followed you and Shadow, to keep you both safe. You never needed it, though.” She shrugged and then turned her attention back to me. “When I followed them here, something changed. You can look at memories, right?” She held out her hand. “See for yourself.”
“Um,” I hedged, not certain about my safety or what I might find if I tried to use sight with her inky eyes.
“Oh, right,” she offered me a faint smile. “Take away the darkness first. Take all the magic if you want. I don’t care anymore. I’ll be glad to have it gone.” 
The whispering in my head started up again and I felt Connor stiffen beside me. When they stopped, I looked up at him and breathed, “Did you hear it?” 
His gaze locked with mine and he nodded.
“What do you want to do?” I didn’t have to tell him what I meant. 
He knew Zoe before she darkened and he was the first to see she was still the same person underneath. The decision wasn’t mine to make.
Turning to face his former girlfriend, Connor began, “First of all, we’ll worry about memories later. Second, we’ll take the darkness away, but if you so much as look at a dark spell again, we will make you human. Alright?”
“Yes,” she responded without hesitation.
“Then let’s go outside and finish this,” I said and we led the procession down the West Lookout Tower’s steps and out into the clearing. Once we were all outside with the open sky overhead, I turned. “Angela, we could use your help with this.” 
As I finished speaking, I caught sight of Puffle, sitting on Jon’s broad shoulder. The pixie dipped his head in a slight nod, telling me in that one gesture that his family was safe. A weight lifted from my shoulders at the realization and I nodded back at him.
“Are you sure you can?” Connor asked, pulling my attention to him.
“I’m positive,” I replied, giving him a reassuring smile. I could feel my power returning. It wasn’t much, but it was enough.
My best friend stepped forward and her gaze locked with mine. Her curly hair was sticking out in random places from the battle with the spelled were-animals and Liam’s efforts to save her from my lightning, but she looked unharmed. “What do you need?”
“Start a storm up for me?” I asked and she grinned. Thick clouds sprang into existence across the sky and the bitter wind picked up all around us, thickening the air with electricity. 
Looking up at Connor, his white eyes met mine and he nodded, ready to proceed. 
Our hands reached out, and blackened smoke poured from Zoe’s eyes, ears, nose, and mouth. She managed to stay on her feet and, despite looking a little uncomfortable, she didn’t make any sounds of protest. 
As it fell to the ground beneath her, the smoke snaked toward us. By the time the last of it sputtered out, her black aura shifted to white, and shudders wracked through her body from the absence of all the siphoned power she absorbed over the years. 
The black smoke then lifted to hover just beneath our outstretched hands. An orb formed and grew to the size of a basketball with snakes swirling around it, Connor and I willed it higher until it hovered a dozen feet above us.
“Go, Angela,” I gritted, feeling the fatigue begin to weigh on me. 
Then the lightning started.
White-hot arcs of electricity shot down from the sky and into the hazy jumble of power that Connor and I held between us. With every bolt, it began to dissipate while we willed the magic to purify. 
The thunder was deafening, and the flashes were blinding, but at long last, there were no traces of that black smoke remaining. It was done. 
Glancing at Zoe, her piercing green eyes looked back at me and a glowing, rosy complexion blushed her cheeks from her awestruck relief. The most striking of her changes, however, was her hair. 
It was no longer black. It was a deep, fiery red and it flowed like molten lava over her shoulders and down the middle of her back. Though I saw her in Connor’s memory before, it was still jarring to see her beauty for myself.
A fresh stream of power leaked from Connor before the runes carved into her arms disappeared. Though she did close her eyes, her face barely betrayed the pain I was certain she felt as her skin pulled itself back together. But then, to my astonishment, her mouth fell open as her teeth rebuilt themselves as if they were never filed down to fangs at all. 
As she smiled, I thought I heard a sharp intake of breath coming from Vlad, but I couldn’t be certain. Her aura blazed with orange and pink lit up like fireflies around it when her gaze settled on Connor. In that moment, I knew Zoe still loved him, but not in the same romantic way that she felt for him before. She breathed, “Thank you.”
His aura was orange for a few moments and I could tell by the look in his eyes that even he was surprised that he healed her without difficulty. He nodded but then his aura shifted to a dark blue. “I’m sorry.” 
“You have nothing to apologize for, Connor,” she said with a small smile. “Too many lives were lost because of me. At least now I’ll have a chance to try to make up for them. If you’ll have me, I’ll do everything I can to help you.” 
I wasn’t sure if she was speaking to him, me, or both of us. Either way, it didn’t matter. Trust would take time, that much I knew, but the prophecy from the thousand voices was enough to convince me that her place was with us. If she was willing to join us, I wasn’t going to refuse her. The more people fighting on our side, the better.
After a quick glance at Connor, I nodded, “We’ll have you, Zoe. Thank you.” 
Pink and orange began to bleed into and overpower the dark blue in my husband’s aura when he looked back at me. His eyes spoke volumes. Gratitude didn’t begin to cover what I saw in that moment. 
Though Zoe was able to save herself in the end, it was my promise to Connor to help her that he remembered. With no reason of my own to want to save her, given my experiences with her, I still made a vow. For him. Prophecy or not, I would’ve kept that promise. It was enough for me that he wanted it. 
I would have risked everything to keep that vow for his sake. He knew that. It was written in his features. He didn’t need to say it, and I didn’t need to answer.
Chapter 42



When Beatrice made her goodbyes not long after, her white eyes widened when Zoe hugged her, thanking her over and over again for agreeing to stop Martin. But there was something about her choice of words that struck me.
That was when I realized the deal between them didn’t include saving Zoe. 
Rather than escorting both of them to the Underworld, according to the deal they’d struck, the harbinger of death spared her. I didn’t know if she was aware of Zoe’s potential future importance, but Zoe’s willingness to sacrifice herself spoke volumes to the kind of person she was underneath. 
While we meandered our way through Brown County State Park and back to Liam’s home, I couldn’t help but notice that Vlad kept stealing glances at Zoe. It wouldn’t surprise me if he was being cautious about her sudden inclusion in our group. 
But as Liam walked beside the fabled vampire, I realized, his gaze never strayed from our path. There were no sideways looks. No stiffness to his shoulders that said he was cautious or even leery of her, as if she was a wild animal with a suspected case of rabies.
In order to fill the otherwise heavy and uncomfortable silence, Tobias fell into step beside me. He threw his arm around my shoulder and asked, “So, what exactly was all the lightning for?”
For an instant, a question hung at the tip of my tongue, but almost as fast as it arrived, I forgot what it was. Something else caught my attention about the younger vampire. Glancing up at him, I studied his features in the pale blue moonlight.
 “It was a transference of energy,” Liam explained for me. “The lightning allowed the magic to not only purify but dissipate into the storm. In time, it will find its way back to the earth, but by then it will be too widespread to siphon it.”
Tobias grinned and squeezed my shoulder, which I took as a hug. “Genius, Greenie. Really genius.”
I snorted at his continued use of my nickname. I couldn’t help it. “Oh, please. It wasn’t just me.” For an instant, I felt the urge to tell him to drop the playful moniker, but just as fast as it arrived, it stalled on my tongue and then disappeared. 
Though I married Connor Jennings and my future was forever entwined with his, my past wasn’t all darkened by my step-father’s memory. I was raised by two generations of formidable women that also happened to be powerful witches — Jade and Mary Green. Everything good about me came from them. 
They were my legacy. Not Martin.
And if Tobias wanted to call me Greenie, well, who was I to deny it? I would consider it an honor. But then, as I looked up to see Tobias’s blue eyes flash against the moonlight from his humor, another piece of the cosmic puzzle fell into place. It made sense then, why his volatile emotions were so heightened when it came to Liam’s wellbeing. I could see it in his features. 
At long last, I figured it out. And because I couldn’t pass up the chance to tease my friend, I stopped walking, faced him, and blurted, “Tobias, why didn’t you tell us that Liam is your father?” It sounded more like a reprimand than I intended and my lips twitched.
The vampire’s jaw hit the ground at my abrupt change in subject, but then he recovered so fast I wondered if I ever saw it. 
It was Liam that answered. “It was not a secret, my dear Aisling. We simply did not advertise our relation.” 
“I am a grandfather. Tobias,” Vlad growled, “you are making me feel old.” His lip curled in distaste.
Connor’s aura exploded with light blue and his laughter filled the air while I giggled, “Well, you are old, Vlad.” 
“Do not remind me,” he muttered, but then clapped his hand over Tobias’s shoulder and squeezed it. Considering the man’s reputation for brutality, I thought that was his equivalent of a hug.
When he recovered enough to speak, Connor added, “It’s your eyes, T. Liam’s are green, yours are blue, just like dear old grandad. That’s what threw us off.” He chuckled as Vlad narrowed his eyes to glare at him. 
“Don’t forget that Liam and Vlad are living stereotypes and clichés,” Salvatore added as he wrapped his arm around Angela’s shoulders and pulled her against him, his own aura flaming with light blue. “Just look at their weapons of choice.” He eyed the massive trident strapped to Liam’s back and then Dracula’s trademark pike. 
Tobias’s brass knuckles glinted against the moonlight as he shook with suppressed laughter before mimicking Liam’s centuries-old European accent, “All the better to impale you with, my dear.”
“Damn, the apple sure fell very far from the tree with Tobias,” Angela said in mock disappointment.
At that, most of us laughed. Even Zoe, despite looking a little uncomfortable joining in. Liam’s lips twitched, but there was too much sadness in his features.
Whether he was at fault for the deaths — of his vampire children or the trusted human blood donors — didn’t matter. He still shouldered the blame. They were his responsibility to protect and he failed them.
Sadness washed over me. I moved to stand in front of him and his green eyes met mine. Closing the distance between us, I wrapped my arms around his waist and hugged him. His arms encircled my shoulders and he dipped his face toward the top of my head. 
After a long moment, I breathed, “We lost a lot of good people today.”
His arms tightened around me, but he stayed silent. He didn’t need to say anything. Over the course of his long life, he survived more deaths than I dared to count. Including his mate. Each loss left a hole in their wake, some bigger than others.

By the time lunchtime rolled around, I was still outside, gaping. For two reasons. First, it was the progress of repairing the damage to Liam’s home. Though I wasn’t surprised that a few of his people were master masons in their former human lives, I never expected the gaping holes in the house’s walls left from the bombs would disappear in a matter of hours.
But it was the second that really captured the awestruck expression that seemed plastered to my face. And to say that I was marveled didn’t begin to cover it. Without my mother’s glamoured barrier, Liam’s house no longer resembled a massive, crumbling Victorian. It looked more like a fortress straight from medieval Romania. 
The limestone structure stretched at least three stories up toward the sky, sported wrought-iron detailing on its many windows, and was topped in the middle by a spire that housed a lookout post within it. 
Even the roof tiles appeared to be authentic. Constructed out of terracotta, it stood in stark contrast to the otherwise monochromatic color scheme, giving it some much-needed warmth. But that didn’t make the fortress any less intimidating.
I understood then, why my mother didn’t just surround the area with a barrier meant to make everything turn away and go back the way it came. In a place like Nashville, the massive building would’ve been like a neon sign, flashing with supernatural vibes that no one in the whole town could’ve missed. Not even the tourists.
The sudden image of a sleazy bar with a vampire nest living inside an Aztec temple built into the face of a cliff behind it flashed across my mind and I snorted. Somehow, I didn’t think Liam would appreciate the raunchy movie’s representation of vampires. 
“What is it, my dear?” Liam asked as he moved to stand beside me, his green gaze assessing the repairs to the parlor’s wall in front of us. Though the interior would take more time to repair, the only evidence from outside that it was ever damaged were the clean lines of fresh mortar waiting to dry.
“You know,” I mused, “if you ever need any additional income, you could convert this place into a bar.” I bit my cheek to hold back the laugh that threatened as a wheeze escaped the vampire.
Turning his head to regard me, he heaved a sigh. “Sadly, I fear that a bar is not something this town would appreciate. Ever still, I do not believe Titty Twister is opening franchise locations.” 
While my jaw was too busy hitting the ground from his words, Red’s bark of laughter reached me from a few yards away. After a long moment, my lips twitched as I said, “I guess I shouldn’t be surprised you’ve seen From Dusk Till Dawn.”
“But of course I have, my dear,” he began with his centuries-old European accent. “I find the humans’ interpretations of us to be rather amusing at times. Our goal here is to remain inconspicuous. This,” he waved a pale hand toward the fortress, “would instead draw people like moths to a flame without a glamour in place.”
I shook my head. “Why didn’t you just build a house when you moved here, then?”
“There are a great many castles and fortresses still standing throughout the world, including many that withstood siege weapons. Tell me, how many homes are capable of surviving for centuries and still stand strong after taking such damage?”
He made an excellent point.
Though my mother created an impressive spell to protect Liam's grounds before her death, it wasn’t powerful enough to keep Martin from breaking through. His motivation was to leave the house damaged and exposed to prying eyes.
To show us that we weren’t safe, no matter where we were.
After Connor and I initially decided to stay at Liam's, I spent a little time learning about my mother’s spell and the boundary lines. And I intended to put it back the way it was. 
With one significant upgrade.
“Are you ready for me to start?”
He knew what I was asking. The only reason I didn’t restore the barrier yet was because of the repairs. The undead possessed excellent eyesight, but even they couldn't see beyond glamour. With a small nod, we made our way to the curved drive at the front of the house.
I closed my eyes, visualizing that invisible radius my mother established, and then I let the power out of my body. In my mind, I pictured a powerful bubble that encased the property and I fortified it while recreating the glamour at the same time. 
When I finished adding the last touches to it, I opened my eyes to find most of the people in the nest gathered around to watch. “Tobias,” I said, with all innocence, knowing he could hear me.
“Greenie?” he replied, off to my left. 
I offered him a small smile. “Tell me what you see.”
“It’s exactly as it was,” he said as his gaze traveled over the space with appreciation. “Down to the last detail.” His eyes drifted back to me. “Anything else?”
“Yes, actually. Step over the line and think about someone in here you want to fight, harm, or kill. I’m not talking about sparring either. Then step back through.”
“Okay,” he drew out the word with confusion written on his features before moving in a blur.
I watched as all the emotion drained from the vampire’s face and his fists clenched. I wasn’t sure who or what he was thinking about, but in that instant, I hoped to never find myself on Tobias’s bad side. 
When he took a step forward and impacted the barrier, it reverberated from its center like a gigantic subwoofer, the biggest feature of my upgrade. It was a warning system of sorts, to alert anyone inside that danger was near. And it was loud enough that even the humans would have heard and felt it from the underground. 
As much as I tried to resist, even I jumped about three feet in the air from the intensity of it. But Tobias didn’t notice. His body froze against the invisible wall and vibrated for an instant like he was being electrocuted. 
Because he was. 
And then he flew backward about twenty yards before landing in a heap on the pavement. All before the sound stopped.
After shaking himself off, he took careful steps and then slipped through it. Shaking his head in disbelief, he grinned. “A little warning would have been nice, Greenie.” 
The corners of my mouth lifted in a small smile. “Did you happen to hear or feel anything but the electricity while you were out there?”
Confusion flashed across the vampire’s features before it cleared. “Not a thing, why?”
My grin widened. “No reason.”
I caught the various amazed expressions on the faces of my friends. The ones that emitted auras blazed with orange, except for Connor, which also swirled with a deep pink.
Then I locked my gaze with Liam’s. “I hope you don’t mind the upgrade.”
A ghost of a smile spread on his lips. “It is perfect, my dear.” 
Epilogue.



Out of the nearly one hundred spelled were-animals with the unfortunate luck to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, eight were killed in the battle. In the moments before Beatrice revived Zoe, the spell controlling them disappeared. 
The dark witches that performed the spells, as Zoe explained, transferred their control to Martin so he could direct them as one. Like a queen honey bee and her hive of loyal workers. And a few managed to escape before he could to kill them for their power.
By the end of the day, twenty of those were-animals decided to stay in Nashville. Four of them were werewolves, but they weren’t dominant like Salvatore or Shadow. They submitted to the two alphas, just like Red did when he met them.
The rest of them were various other species, like bears, panthers, foxes, and coyotes. Some were dominant, but they agreed to defer to the authority we set in place. While most of them kept to themselves and found lodging through our town’s Shelterers, the others retreated to the park in their animal forms.
That night, we held a massive funeral in the backyard, while Liam’s damaged Victorian home overlooked the gathering. I didn’t yet know the humans or the two vampires well enough to consider them close friends, but I still felt the weight of their loss. 
Though the collective grief was unmistakable as we watched the pyre burning into the night, Zoe’s stood out to me. With so much guilt weighing on her shoulders, she took the time to apologize to every surviving member of the nest, human or otherwise. And then, when she thought no one was looking, she let her tears pour down her rosy cheeks. 
I understood how she felt. As the flames rose up, I tried, with all my willpower to stop blaming myself for each death, too. But no matter how hard I tried to resist it, I couldn’t help it. 
That was why I invited her to stay in the house with us. Martin was the true architect behind his plans, but she felt the guilt all the same. To my surprise, no one protested my request, and once the initial shock of my words faded, she accepted.
But, all the while, questions of what-ifs plagued me. 
Connor noticed and forced me to look up at him while the bodies continued to burn. Despite the flickering orange flames casting shadows against his face and the scent of wood smoke all around us, the lingering twinge of burning flesh did nothing to change my resolve.
My strength overpowered the small, insignificant moments that sent my PTSD into overdrive, but those tragedies — with so much loss of life — were another beast altogether. I knew the guilt wasn’t mine, but that didn’t seem to matter. Every cell in my body reverberated with it. And that was damned near impossible to break.
Moments passed and while I remained in Connor’s chocolatey eyes, the world turned off and my mind quieted. Once I felt calm enough, I stepped forward, wrapped my arms around his waist, and listened to his heart beating beneath the deafening sounds of flames. 
Though I realized I was my own strength, Connor amplified it. He was the father of our child, and I would always be grateful for everything he did for me. Not just for showing me that I could be loved, but that I was so much more than what my step-father raised me to believe. 
He showed me that I was different. Special. That I was worthy. Of love. Sacrifice. And devotion. With Connor, I was his. And he was mine. And at long last, it felt like the equation between us was balanced. 
While the future stretched out ahead of us, we were going into it with a renewed sense of purpose. The biggest of our enemies was gone. Forever that time. Against the odds, Zoe survived and I was hopeful for her future.
Though she left an open invitation to look through her memories, it would take time to gain our trust. Her actions alone were enough of a start. Though we didn’t yet know what role she would play in the future, she was there to discover it with us.
It filled me with a sense of tentative hope. Because, finally, without Martin, the end of the war was in sight, and we were going to fight it.
Together. 
And we were going to win.
After the mass funeral, Liam suggested that it was time that all of us lived at his home on a permanent basis, despite the fact that we were all doing that for the most part already. Though my grandmother’s home was the only place I felt at ease before I stumbled into the supernatural world, it was still important to me. Nonetheless, I understood the reason for his request.
To my surprise, Angela didn’t protest. Judging by the look on her face, she didn’t seem surprised. 
Puffle agreed without hesitation. It wasn’t necessary, but he assured us that he would keep his family hidden within the confines of the barrier that surrounded Liam’s home, he asked if we could give them a place where they could do what they did best -- cultivate a garden. 
As if he needed to justify his request, he added that any witches looking to help us restore the world order might need access to some plants for spells or potions, not to mention the necessary ingredients he had in mind for speeding up the healing process. I told the four-inch-tall pixie that his family was welcome, regardless of the potential future benefits it could bring us. 
The next morning, I found a place just beyond the barrier in the backyard that included a section of grass, some bushes, and a grouping of trees that led back into the forest that would be perfect for them. So I pushed the barrier out by several yards. 
By design, the barrier altered the look of the area both inside and out, which included the appearance of the surrounding dead scenery. I dropped the glamour on that section of the yard just on the inside, so they could see what they were doing, but still be surrounded with protection while remaining hidden from prying eyes.
When I was finished, Connor and Zoe walked around from the front of the house and approached. The pixie grinned at me in gratitude before fluttering away to assess his family’s new space. “Hey. What’s up?” I smiled at them in greeting.
“How are you feeling?” Zoe began, looking a little uncomfortable as gray began bleeding into her aura. 
“You don’t have to be afraid to talk to me,” I assured her. 
“I know. I have a lot to answer for and it’s going to take some time to prove myself, but I’m willing to do it. Like I said before, you both can look at my memories. Any time. Just ask.”
I glanced up at Connor and he raised his eyebrows in question. Since there was nothing specific I wanted to find in that moment that required combing through her memories, I settled instead on a quick overview. 
Raising my eyebrow in an unspoken question to Connor, he shrugged, letting me decide how to proceed. I glanced back at the beautiful redhead standing in front of me. “Do you mind if we just skim for now and then look closer if we need to later?” 
“Yes, of course,” she said and extended her hand.
Connor and I reached out, making contact with her pinkish skin, chilled from the late December air around us. And then we closed our eyes to look through hers. 
Once deeper, time spun backward in her mind and skipped ahead again in quick succession, never lingering on anything specific. I felt a new appreciation for what Zoe endured over the years and how lonely she was as she tried to find a cure for her darkness. True to her word, she never took any lives after the dark witch attacked her, and she never planned to. 
Until she followed Connor and Shadow to Nashville. 
She didn’t realize it at the time, but Martin marked her as a future asset for his quest and after he realized what I was, he changed his directives. The fact that Connor seemed to be with me only strengthened his resolve in using Zoe to his advantage. 
At first, I was an innocent bystander to her, never someone she intended to kill. I was powerful enough to give her a massive boost to her own magic, and she wanted it for the sole purpose of restoring herself to light, once she could figure out how. But when Martin took away her choice, it led her down that dark path toward her death, resurrection, and restoration.
It wasn’t fair, what she went through, but the fact that she was there, vowing to stay and help, all while doing what she could to make amends spoke volumes to her strength and resolve. I could sense the lingering doubts of her ability to help without the power boost the darkness gave her, but that didn’t matter to either Connor or me. 
The fact that she cared enough to want to help was what mattered.
Five days later, some humans from Liam’s various other nests arrived to replace the ones that were lost. Several of them I recognized from our brief stay in Liam’s nest in Austria, including Jessica, the young teenager I met while we were there, along with her mother. 
And, just as Angela predicted, more others started to arrive. A lingering sense of unease hit me and I pulled Liam into the parlor with Connor by my side. I said, “I know the were-animals didn’t ask and that Zoe and Red are unique cases, but,” I stopped, not sure how to continue.
“Go on, my dear,” the vampire prompted.
“Well,” I began, “I’m not sure it’s a good idea to let these people live with us when we don’t know if we can trust them. Besides, I’m not sure how much room we’re going to have for them.”
Liam smiled and said, “I began building a new nest nearby after your grandmother told me of your fate. While I believed as people learned about you, they would come, I, also, am not naïve. To believe everyone would arrive with the best of intentions is foolish.”
He raised a finger for me to wait. “Only those we trust with our lives will be allowed inside this home. If they do not agree, they can leave. As they arrive, we will greet and assess them. If any are deemed to be a threat, we will deal with them. Until the construction is complete of the secondary nest, they can find accommodations elsewhere.
 “You two -- three,” he corrected with a smile, eyes dropping to my growing belly, “are far too important to risk, are you not?”
“I don’t know why I felt the need to question you,” I said with a chuckle.
He offered me a small smile. “Touché, my dear. Now come, if you please. I have something to show you.”
With the exception of the lingering scent of fresh floor wax and disinfectant, no traces of the carnage remained as we followed the vampire into the underground. No bloodstains marred the walls. And the gleaming, gold-inlaid mahogany floors looked perfect. 
He turned and led us in the opposite direction of our suite, passed the infirmary, and continued walking. I glanced up at Connor in confusion. Unless we were misinformed, all that remained were more suites down that long hallway. In response, he took my hand and shrugged. 
Our trek reminded me of our first night under Liam’s roof. At first, the underground made me feel claustrophobic because it was only accessible through the single, stark concrete stairwell. In an event not unlike the spelled were-animal attack, escape was only possible by going through the threat.
After that battle, I no longer felt that way. According to William, our resident battle strategist, the stairwell served as a choke point. Intruders would be forced to charge, only a few at a time, down to a deadly welcoming party at its landing. Despite the human casualties, it was proven successful.
When we reached the door at the far end of the hallway, Liam mused, “This is a project that began the night before your wedding.” Then he turned the knob and pushed it open before stepping aside to let us enter. 
Connor led the way into the room and flipped on the light.
The air whooshed out of my lungs as I took in the space. 
Cream-colored walls were adorned with crystal sconces, met with the same gleaming, gold-inlaid mahogany floors. Between two doors to the left, a brown leather Chesterfield sofa and an authentic Persian rug faced a luxurious, black-marbled hearth with a flat-screen television mounted above. 
Across from us, an ornate, wooden writing desk sat between two other doors while the remainder of the space was empty. My confusion deepened. There was no bed in the space.
“With the exception of a few décor details, the doors on your left,” Liam began, gesturing with his hands, “are the same bathroom and walk-in closet.” Then he walked across the room and opened the door to the left of the desk, flipping on the light. “This is your new bedroom.” 
My jaw hit the floor. Except for a few small details, it was the same as our suite at the other end of the underground. A smaller hearth surrounded with the same black marble stood on the wall to the left. Crimson walls and yet another Persian rug adorned the gleaming floor.
Perhaps the biggest change was the bed. Instead of a double, king sized monstrosity, it looked like a standard king with luxurious crimson silk sheets and a black fur blanket. Instead of depicting couples in various stages of sexual bliss, the hand-carved, mahogany four-poster, was still sensual, but no longer explicit.
Just like with our other suite, the room served its intended purpose. It set us on edge with desire. Not one to pass up the opportunity to tease, Connor’s aura shifted from orange to light blue.
“No, Liam. This won’t work,” he said.
The vampire eyed my husband and his eyebrow raised in genuine concern. “What is the matter?”
Lips twitching for an instant before his expression cleared, Connor said, “The bed is way too small,” while shaking his head in mock disappointment.
I couldn’t help myself. I snorted and shook with suppressed laughter.
To my surprise, the vampire grinned, playing along. “Touché. I will,” he paused, “take that under advisement.”
Connor chuckled before he stopped with a serious expression. “You do that.”
Then, without saying anything more, Liam handed Connor the key to our new suite. It was more of a symbolic gesture since most of us never used the keys we were given.
 Curiosity won out and I blurted, “What’s in the other room?”
“Go and find out,” the vampire responded.
Without hesitation, Connor and I walked toward it like it was a magnet. When the door was open, I flipped on the lights gasped. 
Pink covered the walls with a large mural painted above the crib at the far end of the room. It was an assortment of colorful flowers, from daisies to peonies, tulips and sunflowers. But the one that stood out to me were the primroses, my grandmother’s favorite, spaced throughout. 
There was a pink, velvet-upholstered rocking chair with a similar King Luis XIV flair to it, a low, gleaming mahogany dresser with a changing pad sitting on top, and two wicker baskets full of toys.
Connor squeezed my hand as we both took in the room and what Liam did for us.
“It was finished this morning. I thought you two might enjoy a space suited for your growing family, would you not?” the vampire asked from behind us. But before either of us could respond, he said, “If you are unhappy with it in any way, do not hesitate to let me know. If you need anything, you have only but to ask.”
I hugged the vampire with all the strength I could muster while tears fell from my eyes. “Thank you,” I breathed.
Returning my embrace, he said, low, “You are most welcome, my dear.” And then he released me.
To my surprise, Connor hugged him, too. I couldn’t help but notice how the vampire’s eyes widened in his own shock. 
“I take it you are pleased with the suite, are you not?” Liam asked after Connor released him. 
“Yes, Liam. Thank you,” I breathed, gaping at what I was seeing. 
Judging by the intensity of Connor’s aura, that deep pink and white that undulated around him, I guessed mine mirrored his.
Our baby would arrive before we were both ready and Liam gifted us a space where we could be a family. A home where our daughter would be safe, protected, and loved by all of its residents. 
It was a perfect way to start the next chapter of our lives.
Together.

The End …

… for now
Aisling's Journal

Auras
Colors and Emotions

Gray = fear
Green = indecision, anger, envy, guilt, jealousy
Blue = humor (light), sadness (dark)
Black = evil, darkness, hatred
Orange = pride, amazement
Purple = contentment, strength, power, alpha
Red/Pink = desire, love
White = purity, power, hope

Others

Earthen – extremely emotional; uses magic by will, fueled by emotion; when unleashed, eyes change color – red for anger, white for passion/love; capabilities of pre-cognition, sight, shield; vampiric speed; can heal others; potentially not limited by iron ore; can sense all living things, sometimes including ghosts; infused with the essences of all Earthens from before, represented as whispers, or a thousand voices

Witches – confined by moon magic; may require elements (fire, blood) to cast; chanting is typically required to cast, and German is a language used for casting; cannot wield magic by will alone; may have Earthen traits; moon magic cannot penetrate iron ore, or manipulate it in any way; iron ore dampens powers, sometimes completely

Elements:
Fire – catalyst
Blood – binds object to caster
Earth, Air, Water – obsolete; primarily used for agriculture

Weres – not bound by the moon; typically choose human or animal form and remain that way; vulnerable to iron ore; otherwise they heal quickly; cannot infect witches with their bite; vampire blood can heal wounds but it would cause intense pain in the process; they are capable of a partial change

Pixies – tiny people with wings; appear as birds under glamour; live in gardens; cultivate plant life; pixie dust as weapon, dust has magical properties, can affect targets differently for maximum effect

Vampires – two kinds: one turned and one born, changing at the end of puberty, both of which are done through will, not accidental; no aura emitted; eyes flash like a cat's eyes; have fangs; drink blood; killed via decapitation; not vulnerable to iron ore; also not vulnerable to the sun, but are known to prefer the night; blood can heal and reverse effects of magic, only Earthen spelled blood can heal an Earthen; werewolf bites are extremely painful, like a temporary poison; they can also eat food; if alive, all injuries can heal or regrow given enough time and nourishment

Ghouls – meat eaters; killed by destroying the heart; were vampires prior to turning; after a vampire's death, Earthen flesh and the sire's blood can create a ghoul; not vulnerable to iron ore; also not vulnerable to the sun, but are known to prefer the night; blood can heal and reverse effects of magic; werewolf bites are extremely painful, like a temporary poison; they can also eat food; if alive, all injuries can heal or regrow given enough time and nourishment

Night Shades – created, not born; live within dreams and can control the body of the dreamer; alters the experience from within the dreams; exist as long as the spell is set to last, or until the dreamer wakes

All Others – not susceptible to disease; not fertile unless they want to be; territorial over what they consider theirs (such as a mate)

Non-Human

Shamans – not considered other; deep metaphysical connection to the world, all realms, and all things; typically assisted to other realms via a guide, an animal, or, in rare cases, a Sphinx; most commonly travels to Spirit Realm to commune with the dead; can possess clairvoyant tendencies; also possible to manipulate weather; in rare cases, can shift into a spirit animal

Voodoo and Practitioners – not considered other; traditionally used as a form of religion, but other capabilities grew over time; typically uses gris-gris, a type of talisman to operate like a spell; gris-gris transference – shifting from one target to the next; gris-gris is destroyed by fire; vampire blood can increase the effects of gris-gris or enhance the powers of the practitioner – the older the vampire, the more power achieved; most commonly associated with curses and necromancy

Neutrals

Guardians of Information – librarians; maintains the lore on all others in vaults of Information. Each vault may carry different information and artifacts, and they are often incomplete. As new information arises, librarians will document and catalog them. They also keep track of current events in the supernatural world. By rule, if someone asks for information, they are required to share it.

Shelterers – managers of any entity that provides lodging; offers a safe place to stay with anonymity. By rule, no attacks are allowed to humans or others. But this is not always honored.

Cleaners – any cleaning service managers; primary function is to assist with clean up to prevent exposure to humans. By rule, they must clean or otherwise change a scene as requested (such as demolishing evidence), and must do so without question.

Healers – doctors and veterinarians; in addition to humans and animals, they're knowledgeable about others' biology and metabolisms, and can assist in the event of an injury. Veterinarians will help were-animals that cannot or will not shift to their human state. By rule, they will help anyone – human or other without question.

All Neutrals – only the top members of each establishment, such as a manager, doctor, or librarian acts as a Neutral. No assistants or lower level employees are aware of the supernatural world unless they have prior knowledge of it, or are a part of it. Payment is not required, but donations are appreciated if cost is incurred.
###
Thank You

This book was incredibly difficult but the journey was worth it in the end. Its left me in awe of what I’ve experienced with my characters. Hopefully, you feel the same. If so, please take a moment to leave a review. And read on for an excerpt of Stronger Than Blood, the next installment of the Earthen Witch Universe, following Marcelline and Liam’s first adventure.

Always,
Sarah Doughty
About the Author

Sarah Doughty writes where her iPad will follow her, every chance she has. Including into the wee hours of the morning, with her faithful canine companions always next to her or at her feet. Writing is her solace, her passion.

When she's not writing, she spends time with her family, or fueling her addiction as an urban fantasy and paranormal romance-reading junkie.

She lives in Indiana with her husband, son, two faithful dogs, and a psychotic cat. Visit her website at www.sarahdoughty.com.
Other Titles

Earthen Witch Universe

Earthen Witch
Just Breathe
Focus
Listen

Earthen Witch World
Home

Earthen Witch World Shorts
Dream Spell
Zoe

Poetry

The Silence Between Moonbeams
Connect with Me

Follow me on Instagram: https://instagram.com/thesarahdoughty/
Subscribe to my website: http://www.sarahdoughty.com
Find me on Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/TheSarahDoughty
Favorite me at Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/thesarahdoughty
Follow me on Twitter: http://twitter.com/thesarahdoughty
Acknowledgments

If not for the support of my friends, family, devoted fans, and book bloggers, this novel wouldn't be what it is today. Not just for their encouragement, but their uncanny ability at catching those pesky typos. I'm forever grateful to you. To my husband for his ability to be my rock and my son for loving me no matter what. I love you both. To my closest friend, Saide Harb-Ranero for encouraging me nonstop to write my heart out. I am forever grateful for you. To my friends and incredible beta readers, for their unwavering guidance and support: May Timani, and Máh Lima. To F-K for loving and reading each of my books several times over and writing incredibly insightful essays about them. Special thanks to my lovely friend and sometimes German translator Sonny Spencer for being a great support. To my mother for being biased yet still loving my books anyway, and for being Mom. To my father-in-law for reading my books, enjoying them, and hounding me to continue writing. To the incredible Kristen McQuiggan of Drop Dead Designs for rescuing me and setting the groundwork for the perfect cover in a matter of minutes. Finally, but certainly not least, YOU, my readers. Thank you for loving every second of this journey with me. There are still more to come from this universe, and more characters that deserve their own piece of happiness. I cannot wait to share it all with you.
Excerpt from Stronger Than Blood–Earthen Knight Novel Book One
Prologue



Everything around me was shrouded in darkness, but somehow, I recognized what was happening. It wasn’t the first time and I knew it wouldn’t be my last.
Although I couldn’t see much of anything through that oblivion, I never felt any unease, fear, or discomfort. Instead, a sense of calm washed over me like someone wrapped me in a cool, fuzzy blanket.
In a way, the dream felt like coming home. 
Before, whenever I dreamt, the sequence of events seemed new. It wasn’t until after I awoke that the dream itself became familiar. That time, I was aware from the start. I didn’t know what to make of that. 
Around me, a chilled, gentle breeze picked up, coming from everywhere and nowhere at once. Soft silk brushed across my bare skin and I shivered, but it wasn’t uncomfortable to me. If anything, it was the opposite. Goosebumps bloomed across my body as if my senses began to stir from a long, deep slumber. I knew that feeling.
It was the anticipation of what was coming.
A dim, orange-yellow flame washed me in illumination. I blinked as my eyes adjusted to the sudden, low light. And that was when I saw it. 
The familiar black, ornate lantern stood, emitting that warm glow from its peak like it was a lighthouse at the edge of the sea, guiding lost ships home. 
Its base, wide and stout, provided a strong foundation, like an old corinthian column standing in prominence at the face of its structure. Reaching higher, the rounded middle curved as it tapered, holding the multi-faceted lantern secure at the top. 
Within its hand-blown glass panes, a single flame flickered and danced, casting light outward into the night. As if it was capped with a royal crown, it angled to a point in the center. Beyond the glow, a faint mist hung in the air, only adding to the sense of otherworldliness.
As my eyes traveled the area, I noticed something was off. The glass panes of the lantern went all the way around, yet the only light pointed out in one direction. Straight at me. The mist wasn’t thick enough to block the light, so it didn’t make sense.
Something caught my eye off to the left, just outside the reach of that flickering firelight. It was too dark to focus on anything definitive, but there was just enough of an outline to know someone was there. Despite that, knowing I wasn’t alone didn’t change how I felt in those long moments. 
I didn’t know how, but I could feel the person there, too. A pair of intense eyes traveled over me like I was being studied. There was no sense of vulnerability or an uncomfortable exposure. If anything, it was the opposite. Safe and exhilarating at the same time. All I wanted was to see who stood there in utter silence. 
The wind picked up again, that luxurious silk rustling over me once more, and I breathed in. A hint of sweet mint registered to my nose, but beyond it, there was nothing. As if everything beyond the light — except for the stranger — was a deep nothingness. A darkened oblivion. Other than the slight breeze moving past my ears, there was no sound, either. 
Something brushed across my wrist and I glanced down. I froze, eyes widening at my nightgown. Pristine, white silk hung over my body like it was made only to fit me. The hem covered my bare feet as it pooled around me on the concrete. And lacy sleeves covered my arms. 
To say that it was an intricate design wouldn’t do its beauty any justice. Swirling vines and flowers, as soft as the flawless silk, traveled down from the edge of my shoulders and flared out at my wrists, ending with the curved tips of delicate petals halfway down my hands. 
I never wore anything so delicate and beautiful in my life. Despite feeling the faintest sense of unworthiness to wear such a garment, somehow I knew it was a one-of-a-kind. Made for me. It probably cost more than one semester at Tulane. 
That was a disturbing thought. 
It wasn’t the estimated price tag. It was the fact that I was wearing it. That felt wrong, more than anything else in that dream. A wave of disappointment washed over me, and in the next instant, something moved at the top of my peripheral vision and blocked out a little of that faint illumination.
My eyes snapped up and I gaped. The man stood there, shrouded in darkness. As if the flickering light slid around his form, not daring to touch him. Despite that, I could see his outline. 
I recognized his shape. Like I knew him from somewhere. But I couldn’t pinpoint it. Whoever he was, he sent heat through my veins, and it made my mouth water.
In the next instant, a sudden noise disrupted my thoughts and my dream ended. 
Chapter 1



I opened my bleary eyes to glare at the offending sound that woke me.
“Wake up,” a little hand tugged at my frayed sleeve with the holes in the seams. “Come on, Marcy! It’s time to get up,” Sylvie giggled when I pulled the sheet over my head and huffed. Watching her through the thin material, my lips twitched as she leaned down and put her hand against her face to tell me a secret.
“I started the coffee for you,” she whispered like she admitted to stealing from the cookie jar — if we had one. Even though she was ten years old, she was still my favorite cousin. It didn’t matter that she was the baby of the family. By a few minutes, anyway.
I grinned and tossed the warm sheet away. Smiling up at her, I said, “You, little bug, are a saint.” As I finished, I blew air out of my mouth and up toward my nose in a feeble attempt to cool my blazing cheeks.
Sylvie straightened, plugging her nose for effect, and said, “Ew, Marcy, your breath smells like death.” She tried to keep a straight face but failed as she started grinning.
By the time she squealed with laughter, my arms already shot out and grabbed her. I pulled her closer and started tickling her. I angled my face toward hers and cried, “Oh it does, huh?” pushing all of the air in my lungs at her at the same time.
Her thrashing increased in her efforts to escape my tickling as she cried, “Ew!” 
The bunk above me creaked in protest as my teenage cousin grumbled at the offending noise. 
“Sorry, Ethan,” I said, letting Sylvie go. 
She backed away, still laughing as I stood up and stretched, trying to ignore the tacky feel of sweat on the back of my neck. When I finished, my cousin was watching me and I rolled my eyes. “I get it. I’m going to go get cleaned up.”
With a yawn, I rummaged through the three-drawer dresser I shared with Ethan, grabbing my clothes and my little bathroom bag before I padded past Sylvie’s twin brother Theo, climbing down the ladder of the bunk they shared. Snatching my towel from the hook beside the door, I crossed the hall to the house’s only bathroom. 
The building I shared with my family seemed more like a dormitory than a house. To be honest, the dorms at Tulane felt downright spacious in comparison. It was far from easy, but we made it work. 
I set my towel and bag on the tank of the toilet and turned on the shower, leaving it mostly cold, just the way I liked. It meant I could shower and no one would have to worry if I was stealing hot water. There was barely enough of it for one person, let alone a house of twelve people. 
Once I removed my panties and old, short sleeve shirt with more holes than should be legal, I moved fast. Holding each piece of clothing under the spray, I scrubbed them with a little soap in my hands before rinsing and wringing them out. Then I tossed them over the shower rod furthest away from the water before stepping in the tub. 
I moved right under the shower and turned my face up into it. The cool water hit my flaming cheeks and rolled down my skin. I shivered at the initial shock of the water’s temperature but then sighed as it cooled my body. 
That was one of the worst parts of living in a place like New Orleans. It was always too warm for me. Summers were the worst. Stifling. All the time. 
Seriously. 
If such a thing as the devil existed, he’d feel right at home in a New Orleans August.
The winters, on the other hand, were mild, which made everything slightly more tolerable. With the end of the year days away, the windows in the house were cracked — it was too chilly for the rest of my family for anything more — I still woke up feeling like I slept in a sauna. Every morning. And I hated it.
Once my cheeks cooled, I finished getting ready. Around ten minutes later, I was done. Stuffing everything back in my little bag, I grabbed the rest of my things and crossed back to the tiny bedroom I shared with my three youngest cousins. 
I hung the clean, wet clothes from hooks attached to my bunk and put everything else away, shoving the straps of my old bra back on my shoulders in the process. Then I glanced at the mirror mounted on the back of the bedroom door. 
My long, black tunic looked more like a linen sack with armholes cut in it than a respectable shirt over my thin frame, but there were no tears that I could see. Standing at just over five-and-a-half feet, my distressed boot-cut jeans fell a bit too short for my taste, but at least it was snug enough around my hips to stay in place. 
Not great, but it would do. 
With damp straight hair hanging in loose, messy waves down to the base of my shoulder blades, it looked almost black in the limited light. Hints of bluish undertones peeked through. And, under direct light, bits of chestnut hues were visible as well. 
My clear, warm, olive complexion didn’t require makeup to look presentable. Long, dark lashes framed brown eyes that could either look black or more like milk chocolate depending on the lighting. Full but soft lips, slightly pinker than my skin, rounded out my features. A small brown mole on my right cheek wasn’t too noticeable, but it wasn’t something I liked.
Needless to say, I felt inadequate.
Good enough.
Frowning, I grabbed my wallet, keys, and two other items I always kept with me off the shelf and stuffed them into my pockets. Then I stepped into my black flats and made my way to the kitchen.
Theo and Sylvie were finishing their bowls of cereal while Aunt Jenny and two of my older cousins, Amber and Kylie each nursed steaming cups of coffee with reddish, sleepy eyes. One glance at the coffee pot told me I would have to wait five minutes before I could enjoy some of my own. 
Before my shoulders could fall, Sylvie looked up and grinned, sliding a mug that she’d poured and guarded toward me. “Ugh,” I huffed and flashed her a grateful smile. “You really are a saint, little bug. Thank you.” She nodded in response and watched me take my first sip. The bitter taste exploded on my tongue and my eyes slid closed as I savored it. 
Fuck me, I needed this.
Despite how I looked, I didn’t like my coffee without cream and sugar. Since we were out of both more often than not, I learned to embrace it. Whenever I was able to indulge in a cup the way I liked, I treated it like a special occasion.
Because it was. 
I opened my eyes and caught Sylvie studying me. Her long braid curved around the back of her head and rested in front of her shoulder in the iconic hairstyle from The Hunger Games. 
Though she looked more like the heroine’s little sister, Primrose, with her light brown hair, warm skin, and hazel eyes, I didn’t mind that she saw Katniss as a role model — she was smart, headstrong, and capable. And she didn’t need a guy to rescue her.
Theo looked more like a young Peeta with his fair hair slightly flopping over his forehead. He shared similar features with his twin sister, but I wouldn’t dare say that to his face. The boy embraced his individuality to an unnatural degree. I bit my cheek to stifle a grin. 
As I was about to take another sip, Sylvie shook her head and grinned.
“What?” I asked before my eyes widened in mock horror. “Do I have a booger on my face?”
She snorted. “No. I don’t know how you can drink that stuff.”
“It’s not very good like this, but when it’s just right, it is smooth and sweet.”
“Like hot chocolate?”
I grinned at her. “Exactly.”
“So why do you look like you’re so happy when you drink it if you don’t like it?”
For a ten-year-old, she was observant. “Well,” I began, “you won’t really understand this, but it’s more about how the coffee will make me feel.”
She looked at me like I spoke a foreign language.
I set the cup down on the counter between us. “Think of it this way. If I handed you a big cup of hot chocolate — with marshmallows, whipped cream, sprinkles — all the good stuff, and then gave you candy, how do you think you’d feel after a little while?”
She chewed on her lip while she thought about it. “The hot chocolate would feel warm and the rest would probably make me hyper.”
I nodded, “With coffee, it’s pretty similar, but you feel more awake and alert rather than hyper. As you age, sometimes you need an extra boost to get you moving in the morning.” Nodding toward Sylvie’s mother and her two older siblings, I dipped my head toward her, lowering my voice. “Sometimes you need a lot.”
Though she did try to stifle her laugh, she wasn’t successful. It was a combination of a snort and a giggle.
Straightening, I picked up the mug and gave her a sly grin. “Bless you,” I muttered as if she sneezed, but we weren’t fooling anyone. The three coffee drinkers behind me were still too tired to worry about what we were saying.
Ten minutes later, Sylvie, Theo, Amber — the only one of the trio that joined us in the land of the living — and I walked out of the house, heading toward the French Quarter. It was still a little early to open the shop, but I needed to stock some shelves first. 
Along the way, several blackbirds were perched on rooftops and power lines, cawing as we passed. At the same time, we all tried to ignore the hostile stares from some of the locals. Though it wasn’t uncommon for that to happen here and there, that began to change shortly before Christmas. The frequency of those hungry, hate-filled stares increased with every passing day.
Once we were inside Toil and Trouble — an oxymoronic name for a kitschy Voodoo shop, if there ever was one — Sylvie and Theo ran to the back room and settled at the table to work on their school projects due after the new year.
Amber sat at the counter, trying to pay attention as I rattled off the new inventory so she could mark it in the accounting book. I shook my head when she yawned again. Though she was only two years older than me at twenty-five, her weariness in the low light of the space made her look more middle-aged.
Her appearance wasn’t dissimilar to mine, except she kept her hair in a messy ponytail and her complexion was a little lighter, lacking that olive tone altogether. She was still beautiful, despite having enough bags under her eyes for a three-week vacation. 
I walked up to her as she began to doze off and slipped the pencil out of her hand. After I picked up the accounting book, I tucked it under my arm and helped guide her head down to rest on her arm before I moved back to the shelves. 
Despite her exhaustion, Amber enjoyed her two jobs. During the day, she managed the register in our little store. And in the evenings, she poured drinks at Rousseau’s Bar a few buildings away in the quarter. But because of the new year celebrations, the bars were staying open a little later. 
And she wasn’t getting enough sleep. 
No matter how many times I told her to stay home and rest during busy weeks or seasons, she refused. I knew why, and I couldn’t be upset with her for that. 
New Orleans was a tourist attraction. From the famous cities of the dead to the otherworldly flair, it was different. The general public didn’t believe in witches and Voodoo with actual power. And that was for the best. We let them see what we wanted them to see. In a place like that, we could play it up a little. 
But behind the curtain, our little city was ruled by a powerful Voodoo queen.
While my family practiced Voodoo, it wasn’t the same as the other practitioners. They didn’t like that about us. Despite those murderous stares, we were safe. As long as we could afford to pay for it, we were tolerated within Renata Crane’s city.
Problem was, we couldn’t afford much else.
It was a self-perpetuating cycle. We paid, followed her laws, and most of us were forced to work low-paying jobs of her choosing. We were lucky she allowed us to continue running our shop. It was far from fair, and I wanted out of that city. But that wasn’t my decision to make.
I was only allowed to attend university after high school because I was offered a full ride at Tulane. Since that was within the confines of the city, I wouldn’t have to leave. To go, I agreed that Renata Crane would still control where I worked after I graduated. I went, despite knowing her cruelty. That she would never allow me to make a career out of my education. 
She seemed to enjoy that part the most. 
But it wasn’t just the way she and her followers treated my family. It was what they did to hold all that power that unsettled me. Voodoo wasn’t technically supernatural, but some elements could boost the otherworldly power a practitioner could access. Blood was one of them. 
Vampire blood. 
They were kept around, not as consorts or friends. As prisoners. 
And, though I didn’t know why, the queen preferred the older ones. As a testament to that otherworldly boost, she reigned for over a century. To my knowledge, Renata Crane was at least one-hundred-and-fifty-years-old, without the frail grandmotherly appearance. The first time I saw her, I thought she was in her forties.
I was sick to my stomach just thinking about how much blood she needed to not only boost her power but stay young. It didn’t matter that I never met a vampire — I wasn’t certain if I ever would — I still wanted to rescue them. No matter who or what they were, they didn’t deserve it. 
Going against hundreds of her followers, not to mention the queen herself, amped up on vampire blood, would be suicide. Knowing what was happening and that I couldn’t do anything to stop it made me feel complicit.
The idea of being free from that city and its ruler felt freeing. But if any one of us left, the protection for the entire family would be revoked. Since no one else wanted to leave and I would never leave them behind, daydreams and books were my escape.
With a sigh, I tried to clear my head. Several silent minutes passed and I placed the last doll on the shelf. It looked like a poppet with its human shape. To my knowledge, witches stopped using those things well over a century before and few practitioners used Voodoo dolls, but the tourists loved them. 
As soon as I marked the inventory in the book, the sound of my family’s shared cell phone rang through the silence, pulling me out of my reverie and rousing Amber from her brief nap with a jolt.
Before she answered, I felt my stomach drop.
Chapter 2



Amber picked up the cell phone and looked at the screen. She paused, not only did she recognize the number, but it scared her. She was the carefree one of the family. Always happy and smiling. I couldn’t recall a time I ever saw her afraid of anything. 
To be honest, it terrified me.
I returned to the counter and set the accounting book and pencil on the scratched surface, keeping my eyes on her.
She tapped on her screen and held it to her ear. I understood why she didn’t use the speaker. Whatever she would hear, it wasn’t something the twins needed to know. “Amber Webster.”
A distinctive man’s voice spoke to my cousin, but I couldn’t make out his words.
He spoke in a slow, even tone and after several long moments, my cousin said, “I understand. Thank you for calling.” Tapping the screen, she set the phone on the counter. Her face was white, but she didn’t tell us to run for our lives.
I waited for her to gather her thoughts, and when she swallowed, I asked, “Okay, what was that?” 
Her wide eyes met mine, the dark hazel appearing brown in the low light. “Renata Crane is dead, Marcy.”
My eyebrows shot up in surprise. I was wondering why those glares by certain residents were more frequent. “How? When?”
“He didn’t give me a detailed explanation, but she was murdered. A little over a week ago, they found her by Marie Laveau’s crypt.” 
In New Orleans, she was synonymous with Voodoo. Marie was the original Voodoo Queen. Her successor denounced vampire blood, but within a few days, she was killed and Renata took the throne before Marie’s vampires were ever released.
“How does that affect us?” I asked.
“Our protection is ensured, but once a successor is crowned, we will have to pay a tribute to keep it.” She shook her head.
I didn’t need to run the numbers in my head. I knew we couldn’t afford the price they would require. If we couldn’t pay, the next ruler would do one of two things. Force us into exile, or leave us to our fate. Either way, nothing would stop the other practitioners from killing us.
Keeping my voice low, I asked, “Why do they hate us so much? I’ve never been able to figure that out.”
“They don’t like that we use a talisman,” she shrugged.
“So? They use vampire blood.”
She shook her head, “The Tarantula gives us a boost not even blood can give them.” 
Nothing about what she was saying made sense to me. “You’re telling me they’re jealous?” 
She nodded. “They’ve always wanted more power. Even with blood and outnumbering our family over twenty-five to one, they still see us as a threat. As long as we stay here and pay, they let us live by their rules.” Her voice strengthened at her growing panic. “They’ll kill all—” 
I held up my hands and shushed her. 
She stopped and took a breath. Then in a whisper, she continued, “They’ll kill all of us if we lose that protection. Whether we stay here or run.”
My mind reeled. We couldn’t sell our house in enough time to get the kind of money they’d demand — not that our house would be worth much anyway. “What about this shop? Can we get a loan for it or just sell it?”
A flash of confusion crossed Amber’s face before it cleared. “I thought you knew.”
“Knew what?”
“We don’t own this shop, Marcy. Renata made us run it for her.”
I raised my hands and pressed my index fingers against my temples. Based on the way Renata controlled our lives, I wasn’t exactly surprised, but it was still difficult to process. “This isn’t even our shop. Did we ever own it?” 
Even though I knew the answer, I wanted her to confirm it.
She shook her head.
“Wow. This is unbelievable,” I laughed, despite my growing unease, and dropped my hands. “What do we do then? We’ll never be able to afford their tribute.”
“To be honest, Marcy, I don’t know. It seems like they’re looking for an excuse to back us into a corner.”
I took a deep breath and tried to sort out everything she told me. Then, with a grim realization, I nodded. “Then we have no choice but to run. How much time do we have?”
“New Years Day. We pay or the protection order is revoked.”
A rush of panic washed over me. 
Two days.
Chapter 3



Our family was prohibited from attending any official Voodoo gatherings, which included Renata Crane’s funeral services and succession ceremony. We didn’t know who would take her place, but it didn’t matter.
When we closed the shop for the day and the four of us walked home, it seemed as though every practitioner we passed looked at us like we were lost lambs in a field of starved wolves. Even the blackbirds perched on the rooftops seemed to gaze at us with hostility.
I reminded myself that it wasn’t any worse than the past few days. Amber and I were finally, painfully aware of why they looked so hungry. The odds of us being attacked were slim at best.
Right?
That thought made me shiver.
By the time we made it home, the family lingered with nervous expressions in the small kitchen. Some looked as terrified as I felt. They knew Renata was dead, but that was all. It took a moment, but I realized the other two coffee drinkers that morning, Kylie and Aunt Jenny weren’t home yet. 
While the twins occupied themselves, Amber and I explained the impending tribute. My idea of fleeing the city was met with a resounding refusal from everyone but Ethan and Amber. My teenage cousin was old enough to understand the danger we faced, and he didn’t like what he heard any more than I did. 
It didn’t make sense to me. New Orleans was home to all of us, but staying alive mattered more than doing nothing and hoping for a miracle — unless they were hiding some unknown Ace up their sleeves. In which case, that made even less sense. Defeated, I decided to come up with a plan. When the protection was revoked, maybe some of us would escape with our lives. 
Directing us to continue as if nothing was happening, my other aunt, Lois glared at me. A couple of my eldest cousins didn’t bother trying to hide their disdain of me either.
Everyone was scared, I understood that much. But why did they look at me like that? 
I never felt a true sense of belonging with them because I was orphaned as a baby. They inherited me. Watching Ethan and the twins growing up, I realized I was tolerated, not so much loved. I accepted it. 
But was I that much of an unwanted burden? 
I never felt as alone as I did in that moment. And it made my heart ache. 
The following morning wasn’t much better. 
After hours of pacing, I was wearing a hole in the old carpet of our living room when the sun rose. 
When Aunt Lois left for her nightly walk after the twins went to bed, she saw me lingering by the front door. I thought for a moment she would slap me, but she sighed in exasperation and walked out without a word. 
Though she didn’t hit me, I still felt the sting as if she did. 
But what was worse, the hours ticked by and, like Aunt Jenny and Kylie, she never came home. 
By the time Sylvie and Theo were awake, I was nursing my fourth cup of coffee.
I didn’t know if I was jittery from terror or if it was the caffeine. I was willing to bet it was a combination of the two. 
Sylvie noticed my unease and took my hand, waiting for me to look at her. When I did, she told me to take a shower and that when I came out, I’d feel a little better. She promised a bowl of cereal when I was finished. 
I nodded and went through the motions, even washing the previous day’s clothes, feeling more like a zombie than someone that didn’t sleep due to frazzled nerves. 
Dressed in a fresh pair of black cotton panties beneath jeans so faded and worn they were practically falling apart, and a tan shirt with several holes along the bottom hem with the fallen straps of my black bra peeking out, I didn’t bother to check the mirror for my appearance.
Halfway through my bowl of dry cheerios, since Theo took the last of the milk, Ethan shuffled into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee from the fresh pot Sylvie started. 
The steaming liquid made his eyes bunch up at the bitter flavor. With a shudder, he forced himself to swallow and I winced, knowing he burned his mouth and throat in the process. 
Standing barefoot, his navy sweater hung over his faded jeans with a tear at the elbow. Brown, side-swept hair stuck out in random places, and bags were packed under his deep, hazel eyes. 
“Did you sleep?” I asked in a monotone voice.
He shook his head and took another gulp. 
I understood how he felt and considered him.
Though he was only sixteen years old, he was already taller than me, around six feet, which would make anyone reconsider attacking him if that was what they planned. And, he knew enough about our family’s uniqueness and the severity of our new circumstances in the city. “Ethan, will you do me a favor today?”
“What do you want,” he breathed through the lingering burn of coffee going down his throat. 
“Stay with the twins today and walk them to Rousseau’s Bar to meet Amber at five this afternoon to grab dinner. I’ll meet you there. Can you do that for me?” 
He rolled his eyes, “Why can’t you take them with you?”
Anger flared in me for an instant before it cleared. It wasn’t his fault for being a teenager. Even for our family’s standards. “This is important, Ethan. Now, will you shut up and focus?”
He stood there, waiting.
Then I raised my eyebrow at him, speaking each word with care. “I need to go to the library.”
He knew what I meant. The twins knew we practiced Voodoo, but they didn’t know anything about the supernatural world. Going to the library meant researching things in a vault they didn’t need to know about yet. 
Lowering the mug from his face, he blinked. “What about the shop?” 
I shook my head and took a step closer. “They’re not going to notice if the shop is closed on New Year’s Eve, Ethan.” Then, I lowered my voice. “It’s not going to matter by tomorrow anyway.”
He shivered, but it wasn’t from the sting of the coffee. It was fear. I didn’t want to scare him, but our whole family was in immediate danger. Setting his mug into the sink, he crossed his arms in front of his chest. “What’s the plan, then? We’re just going to line up like we’re cows to slaughter?” 
“Shh,” I hissed and put my bowl in the sink before I rested my hand on his forearm. When the twins kept talking, I said, “Not if I can help it. I’m hoping I’ll be able to come up with something today. Maybe, if we’re lucky, we’ll have time to run if that’s what it comes down to. Can you at least trust me for today and do as I ask?”
The muscles in his jaw worked as he processed my words. “Okay,” he held up his finger, “but only because you’re the only one doing something about it.”
I sighed. “I suppose I can accept that.”
As I moved toward the front door, I slipped on my flats and paused, turning back to Ethan, not trying to quiet my voice. “Keep them inside until you leave for Rousseau’s. Keep to the crowds as much as you can, understand?” 
He nodded and gave me a lopsided grin. “I got it. I’m gonna be the mean babysitter today.”
The twins stopped talking and started complaining right away. I smiled at him in gratitude and then opened the door. As I walked through the threshold, I called behind me, “Be good. Love you guys.” I hoped the twins didn’t notice that my voice cracked.
I shut the door and moved down the steps, hearing the click of the deadbolt as I hit the empty driveway. Then I walked to the library at the other end of the French Quarter. 
Walking the busy streets during the day was the safest way for me to get to my destination. The chances of being attacked in public during the partying and celebrating were possible but unlikely. 
The mild weather helped keep me focused ahead of me, and not on the growing number of blackbirds that lined the rooftops. It was a little strange to see a few hawks and black vultures scattered between them. I wondered absently if Alfred Hitchcock was visiting for the holidays and bit back a small grin. 
Walking through the doors of the library on the little hill about ten minutes later, I smiled at the librarian and stepped to her desk.
“Marcy,” she beamed, always happy to see me.
“Hi, Miss Beasely.”
“What can I do for you today, love?”
“Did you hear what happened to Renata?” 
She nodded.
“Do you know what happened exactly?”
She knew what I was asking. My family’s relations with Renata Crane weren’t news to her, yet she still treated me like any other person. I appreciated that more than she knew. She gave me a small smile and nodded toward the back of the open space before leading me down to the vault. “What would you like to know?”
What she told me wasn’t something I expected. But I listened as she explained. The queen targeted someone that was like Miss Beasely from Indiana. A librarian and Guardian of Information. And when Renata set her sights on that Guardian’s friend, the new Earthen witch, she set a trap for them. 
Though I was confused at the differentiation of witch — I didn’t know such a thing as an Earthen existed, let alone what kind of magic one might have — but Miss Beasely promised to come back to that. 
The more I learned, the more confused I became. But I began to feel a small sliver of hope bloom in my chest. At last, she handed me a few books and three stacks of paper that would fill in the blanks. 
She put her hands on my shoulders and said, “Marcy, I hope you know what to do with this information and your family makes it out of this city in one piece.” It was obvious that she was trying to tell me something, but she wasn’t specific and didn’t say more before leaving me to read.
Almost eight hours later, my head spun with new information, but the pieces of the puzzle were falling into place. 
Miss Beasely was trying to tell me something. 
“Did you find what you were looking for, love?” she asked, giving me a warm, knowing smile as I approached. 
“I believe so. Thank you for your assistance.”
She reached out and squeezed my hand. “Take care of yourself.” There was far more weight behind the words. 
Nodding, I hoped that wasn’t the last time I’d see her. I knew she felt the same. We both knew the chances of that happening were slim at best.
For the first time since Amber received that fateful phone call, I felt real hope. 
As always, everything depended on the rest of my family. With luck, they would agree with my plan.
And soon.
There was just enough time to walk to Rousseau’s Bar to meet my younger cousins and speak to Amber. But before I reached the bottom step, three loud pops sounded off in quick succession within the quarter. 
For an instant, I thought they were fireworks.
Then the screaming started.
Chapter 4



Despite every instinct to run in the opposite direction of those awful screams, I resisted. If my younger cousins didn’t yet arrive at Rousseau’s Bar, they would at least be in the French Quarter. 
That urgent sense of unease worsened the closer I made it to the source of those sounds. Frantic tourists and residents were fleeing in terror. As I rounded the corner to the main street, I saw the bodies. 
A dozen yards ahead of me, they laid there. 
Clamping my hand over my mouth when a scream tried to escape my throat, I fought against it, just like my family taught me since I was young. That time, I was grateful for all those years learning to suppress it, because the last thing I needed was to attract attention to myself. 
Fighting my instincts to flee, I forced myself to run toward the bar, closer to those victims. As I approached, something about the clothes on those bodies was familiar. 
That was when I really saw them.
Their familiar dark eyes looked up into the sky, each with an expression that was a combination of horror and pain. I knew those faces as well as my own. 
Three of my elder cousins, Ryan, Ophelia, and Bennett were on the ground. They weren’t in the process of dying. They were already gone. Probably before they even impacted the unforgiving concrete beneath them. 
Why would someone attack my family out in the open like that? 
But what was worse were the wounds. When I left the library, I heard three pops that sounded like firecrackers. It didn’t sound like a shotgun. 
And yet, there they were. My cousins. 
They didn’t have bullet holes in their heads, ending their lives instantly. 
No. It was as if each one took a bullet to their chests and then when it impacted their hearts, those bullets exploded from the inside. There were bits of bone, sinew, and skin on their clothes and the ground around them. And dark, bubbly, almost black blood pooled in those gaping chasms. 
I didn’t know how such a thing was possible, but I knew that those wounds wouldn’t have killed them right away. For a few seconds at least, they probably felt every agonizing moment of it before their brains shut off like lightbulbs without electricity. 
What a horrible way to go. 
I backed away, moving toward the bar once more, chanting to myself. 
Only three pops. The others are okay. They have to be.
When I made it to the sidewalk that led to the bar, I froze when I heard my name.
“Marcy!” Jacob, my eldest cousin called from the opposite end of the quarter and began running toward me when he saw me. 
He knew his siblings were gone. But it was the look on his face that caught my attention. It wasn’t that he was scared, though he was. It was the outright disdain and rage written on his features as he kept his gaze locked with mine. 
Jacob wasn’t an idiot. He knew I didn’t murder his sister and two brothers. But he blamed me for their deaths anyway. And he wanted me to die because of it. 
Though we were never close, I didn’t think he hated me. Until that moment. 
And that broke my heart. 
A man stepped out from the alley, right before my cousin passed. Jacob never took his eyes off me. Because of that, he didn’t realize that man was holding a gun. 
Pointed right at him. 
Through the roaring in my ears, the strange man brandishing the gun said something, but I couldn’t process it. Jacob heard him and skidded to a stop. 
Holding up his hands in the universal signal for surrender, his mouth moved.
Before he finished his plea for the man to spare him, the man’s finger squeezed the trigger on the tiny revolver. A pop of a firecracker registered to my ears and my cousin jerked an instant before his chest exploded.
Time slowed as I watched in horror, powerless to stop it. My ears closed, and I couldn’t hear anything but my own jagged breathing. 
Chunks of skin and muscle coated in far too much blood spewed outward from the tear in Jacob’s tattered shirt, followed by slightly bigger pieces. Of his shattered ribcage. 
My ears opened in a whoosh as my cousin’s lifeless body crumpled to the ground.
Before he landed, the man holding the gun grinned, and he was pointing that small revolver at me. 
Chapter 5



The unfamiliar shooter continued to grin at me from across the street. It was unsettling, to say the least. Why was he standing there, looking at me like he stumbled upon a precious treasure? 
Seconds passed and every detail about him was burned into my memory. Hatred emanated from all six feet of him. From his dark head, tanned skin, eyes so dark they looked black, to the scowl in his thin lips, malice was written in his features. 
Given his expression and the fact that he murdered four of my cousins in the middle of the French Quarter within the past several minutes, I expected to see a stereotypical black trench coat over matching clothes and hiking boots. But I saw a blue flannel shirt and unassuming khakis over plain, canvas shoes.
Countless questions passed through my mind in quick succession. But I refused to hold on to any of them. They didn’t matter. Within seconds, I would be dead, too. 
Seconds went by and he didn’t pull the trigger. 
Confusion mounted and I noticed his other hand held a small amber-colored bottle. My arm moved on reflex as the talisman in my back pocket heated up in warning. 
That was odd.
It didn’t react to the threat of the gun, but brandishing a bottle with some kind of liquid jostling around within it did. Whatever that liquid was, I didn’t want to come into contact with it.
Slipping my hand into my back pocket, my fingers wrapped around the body of the talisman. The warm, short hairs on the Tarantula’s body felt soft and comforting. 
Even in a moment like that, standing in front of a man that murdered four of my cousins, and probably the three other members of my family that never returned the previous night, I felt a little safer holding it in my hand.
My index finger reached the first small fang protruding from the Tarantula’s mouth and I pressed against it, puncturing the skin. But the bottle was already hurtling toward me through the air. 
A rush of power erupted from my Tarantula and the bottle impacted an invisible barrier a few inches away from my body. It fell to the ground, shattering against the concrete from the impact. The liquid splashed against the invisible wall. All the while, I felt a faint thrum of energy coming from it.
Before my mind processed that it was my best opportunity to run, he pulled a dagger from his belt and threw it at me. It broke through the barrier like it was nothing more than paper, cutting through my shirt and skin like it was warm butter and slid into my abdomen all the way to the hilt. 
I released the talisman in my back pocket, stumbling backward, and cried out from the sudden, intense pain that flashed across my senses like a wildfire. With it, I felt a hint of power flow through me. Recognizing the same thrum of the potion, my stomach dropped. 
Out of my peripheral vision, I saw it. About a yard away from me was the entrance to Rousseau’s Bar. I wasn’t going to stay and find out if he planned to shoot me next. As I moved, I pulled the dagger out with a hiss before I clamped my other hand over the wound, hoping like hell it didn’t hit anything vital. 
Once inside, I slammed the door closed behind me, locking it. I spun, looking through the darkened space for my cousins. Ethan’s brown head popped out from behind the bar at the sound of my breathing and whispered, “It’s Marcy.” He stood up, pulling Sylvie and Theo with him. 
His gaze lingered behind the bar, and hope flared in my chest that Amber was with them. I took several steps toward them as Sylvie let go of Ethan’s hand and threw her arms around me. Pain from the added pressure her little arms caused forced a hiss from me, but I returned her embrace with my free hand, happy she was still alive.
Ethan’s voice, barely over a whisper, barked, “Amber, get up!”
Though reluctant, Sylvie released me as I moved toward the back of the bar to retrieve their older sister. Amber shook like a leaf, eyes wide as she hugged her knees to her chest. 
More pain flashed across my senses as a small stream of blood spilled from between my fingers. “Amber,” I began, “listen to me. It’s not safe here. We have to move now. Before he comes in here after us.”
I held out my free hand to help her up but she hesitated. Anger flashed through me for an instant as I reached down, gripped her wrist, and yanked. The effort forced another hiss from the pain, but we didn’t have time to calm her down enough to run. 
Startled by my sudden movement, her gaze locked with mine. 
Air rushed out of my lungs in relief. 
She was back. Not all the way, but enough to get her moving. 
I dropped her wrist and said, “Let’s go.” Turning and pivoting around Ethan, I made my way to the back of the building and the door to the alley. 
After a quick glance at my cousins, I pushed it open and sunlight poured around us from the late-afternoon light.
Any second, the shooter would break through the entrance to the bar and pursue us. 
Taking a deep breath, I dropped into a run.
If we were lucky, we’d make it.
Chapter 6



Adrenaline kept me alert and allowed me to pace myself with the twins. Every breath I took felt like I was being stabbed by that laced dagger again and I pressed harder against the deep wound in my abdomen.
Leading us North instead of toward home, I tried to sort my thoughts.
Why were we attacked a day before we were supposed to meet with Renata Crane’s successor? Why did he start killing in broad daylight with far too many human eyes in the area? That alone would’ve been a death sentence from the queen. What was he after if he wasn’t trying to kill me? 
And what was the purpose of that potion?
Chaos slowed him down. Not by much. And certainly not enough.
A loud crash of wood tore through Rousseau’s Bar, but we were too far away to see if the shooter kicked in the door, or if something else broke it down. In the same instant, I saw the long shadows of vultures circling overhead.
It didn’t take a genius to know we wouldn’t stand a chance if that man caught up to us. 
I tried to regulate my breathing. The last thing my cousins needed was me bleeding out in front of them and getting them all killed in the process. 
A loud pop echoed against the brick buildings that surrounded us. Amber and Sylvie both cried out in fear, but I didn’t hear any cries of pain, the wet sound of an exploding chest cavity, or anyone falling to the ground. 
“Faster,” I cried as I cut a hard left down another alleyway leading behind a row of houses. I needed to buy us a little more time. 
Before we made it halfway past the third house, I heard his footfalls round the corner after us.
Another pop rang out as he fired his revolver. 
That time, I heard Amber’s breathy cry cut off an instant before her chest exploded and she hit the ground. My heart shattered. She was dead and there was nothing I could do to save her. 
“Amber!” Sylvie wailed for her older sister. 
My head spun around and her gaze snapped up to meet mine before she could turn to look. “Do not,” I began, speaking through gritted teeth as I tried to keep myself from panicking, “turn around. Do you understand me?”
Tears burned her eyes behind the shock. “Okay,” she whimpered. 
“Stay with me,” I said, looking ahead of us once more.
Ethan urged, “Come on,” as he stayed behind his youngest siblings, trying to protect them from the man with the gun, still pursuing us.
Oh, please, do not let them die. Let them live. Let them live.
Massive tears fell from my eyes as I cut right, through a yard that would allow us to slip between the buildings to the next street. 
As we passed between two houses, the shooter called out from the alley behind us. “Oh, Marcy,” he drawled in a sing-song voice that would haunt my dreams for the rest of my life. 
However long that would be, I didn’t know.
Then, he laughed. And that was when I recognized his voice. 
He was the one that called Amber the previous day. 
My stomach dropped as I pieced together what happened. 
There was no edict of meeting the next successor. He set us up, giving us a false sense of security. Though technically the protection died with Renata Crane, her followers would honor it until her successor took over. That didn’t matter to him. He still planned to hunt us all down.
In the last several minutes, he murdered five of my cousins. I didn’t know for certain if he picked off my two aunts and other cousin, but the fact that they didn’t come home the previous night told me they were probably already dead. 
Nothing about his actions told me why he didn’t outright kill me as he did the others. 
I wasn’t going to ask him to find out. If any of us were going to survive, we needed to escape New Orleans. And after my day in the library, I knew where we needed to go.
“I’m coming for you, Marcy,” he called out.
###
