
Samson


Copyright 2020 Monica Clayton
Published by M.E. Clayton

All Rights Reserved

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction. The entire content is a product of the author’s imagination and all names, places, businesses, and incidences are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons (living or dead), places or occurrences, is entirely coincidental.

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any manner, whatsoever, without the express written consent from the author, except in the case of brief quotation embodied in critical articles or reviews.

Formatting: Smashwords
Cover: Adobe Stock

Warning: This book contains sexual situations and other adult themes. Recommended for 18 years of age and over.
Table of Contents
Author's Note
Contact Me
Dedication
Playlist
Prologue
1. Mackenzie
2. Samson
3. Mackenzie
4. Samson
5. Mackenzie
6. Samson
7. Mackenzie
8. Samson
9. Mackenzie
10. Samson
11. Mackenzie
12. Samson
13. Mackenzie
14. Samson
15. Mackenzie
16. Samson
17. Mackenzie
18. Samson
19. Mackenzie
20. Samson
21. Mackenzie
22. Samson
23. Mackenzie
24. Samson
25. Mackenzie
Epilogue
Acknowledgments
About the Author
Other Books
Author’s Note
Just a couple of things before I let you go and get your read on. While I am doing my best to work with better editing and proofreading software, all my books are solo, independent works. I write my books, proofread my books, edit my books, create the covers, etc. I have one beta who gives me feedback on my stories, but other than that, all my books are independent projects.

That being said, I apologize, in advance, for the typos, grammar inconsistencies, or any other mistakes I may make. Since writing is strictly a hobby for me, I haven’t looked into commitments in regard to publishers, editors, etc. My hope is that my stories are enjoyable enough that a few mistakes, here and there, can be overlooked. However, if you’re a stickler for grammar, my books are probably not for you.

Also, I am an avid reader-I mean an AVID reader. I love to read above any other hobby. However, the only downside to my reading obsession is when I fall in love with a series, but I have to wait for the additional books to come out. And because I feel that disappointment down to my soul, when I started publishing my works, I vowed to publish all books in my series all at once. No waiting here…LOL. Now, the exception to that will be if enough readers request additional stories based off the standalone, such as in Facing the Enemy. At that point, if I decide to move forward with a requested series, I will make sure all additional books are available all at once. As much as this is a hobby for me, I am writing these books for all of you, as well as myself.

Thank you, for everything!



NOTE: This book deals with delicate topics. If you are sensitive to physical abuse, please do not read on.
Contact Me
I really appreciate you reading my book and I would love to hear from you! Now, unfortunately, because I do have a full-time job, and a family I love spending time with, at this time, I’m afraid it would be very hard for me to maintain a multitude of social media sites. However, for the sites I do participate in, here are my social media coordinates:


Website 


Facebook 


Instagram 


Email 


Newsletter 
Dedication
For – 
Anyone who’s ever had to make the decision they never
thought they were strong enough to make.
Playlist
Samson
Over My Head (Cable Car) – The Fray
Irresistible (Remix) – Jessica Simpson ft. Lil’ Bow Wow
Fighter – Keith Urban ft. Carrie Underwood
Something Just Like This – The Chainsmokers & Coldplay
Heathens – Twenty One Pilots

Ford
Love Me Harder – Ariana Grande ft. The Weeknd
Give Me Tonight – Shannon
You Drive Me Crazy – Brittney Spears
I Wanna Be Bad – Willa Ford
I’m Bad At Love – Maddy Benson

Raiden
Hold On – Nightcore
Where You Belong – The Weeknd
Fine Again – Seether
I Hope – Gabby Barrett & Charlie Puth
If It Isn’t Love – New Edition

Duke
Fight Back – Neffex
Born Ready – Zayde Wolf
I Love The Way You Lie – Eminem ft. Rhianna
Close To You – Maxie Priest
Whataya Want From Me – Adam Lambert

Alistair
I Still Go Crazy – Paul Davis
Broken – Seether
I Can’t Tell You Why – The Eagles
Love Song – Tesla
I Shall Believe – Sheryl Crow
Prologue
I couldn’t do this anymore.
My entire body protested as I sank to my knees and reached underneath my bed for the First-Aid kit that I kept hidden there. On my knees, I pulled the box next to me and my hands shook as I tried, twice, to open the damn thing, and I willed myself not to cry. Struggling to get the box open, I felt the punch of panic in my gut when drops of blood colored the lid.
I couldn’t do this here.
Taking a deep breath, I grabbed the box and got to my feet. I felt the dizziness like a fog of uncertainty threatening to push me back down and leave me there. I closed my eyes and forced some strength into my legs. Once I felt steady enough, I made my way to the bathroom, thanking God no one was home.
Hobbling into the bathroom, I couldn’t stop the painful cry that fell from my lips as the mirror didn’t lie. The box dropped into the sink as I leaned forward to get a better look.
Who was that girl?
I no longer recognized the girl in the mirror and that frightened me.
Badly.
My eyes searched every inch of my face to see if I could find the girl I used to be, but I couldn’t see anything. There was a time when I’d been convinced that I could still…save myself. But looking in the mirror, that time has come and gone.
I made my way over to the shelves next to the shower and grabbed a face cloth. After making my way back to the sink, I turned on the hot water and held the cloth underneath the faucet until it was wet and warm enough to soothe the mistakes stamped all over my face.
My hiss filled the silence as I pressed the damp cloth to my face just above my left eye. I was going to need stitches if I had any hope of keeping the scar to a minimum. I scrambled around in the First-Aid box to see if it came with butterfly stitches or medical glue because a trip to the emergency room would bring about too many questions and unpayable medical bills. I found a sleeve of butterfly stitches and closed my eyes briefly in prayer for small favors.
With the faucet still running, I rinsed the cloth out and the pink tinted water that circled down the drain pulled a whimper from my lips. I took a breath deep in my chest to calm the nausea threatening to make an appearance.
I placed the cloth back on my face and did the scariest thing I’ve ever done; I looked into the eyes of the girl in the mirror.
I couldn’t do this anymore.
But more importantly, I couldn’t hide this anymore.
I knew once I calmed down, I could probably come up with a believable lie to tell everyone, but I’d been doing that already for months. I didn’t know if I had any new lies to tell. I didn’t know what could be believable enough to make the mess of my face go away.
My body was easy; I slept wrong. I pulled my back. I’m going to the gym. I slipped and fell. The lies where endless when it was just your body that ached, but a battered face was a different story.
Tossing the cloth in the sink, I ripped open the package of stitches and read the instructions on the back. I went back to the linen shelves and grabbed a dry face cloth. I cleaned the gash one last time, then dried the skin around it. Starting in the middle, per instructions, I pulled the ragged edges of my skin together and placed the first stitch across the wound. I added another, and another, and another until there were five stitches in place. The First-Aid kit came with some antibiotic cream and I dabbed some on, then covered the entire thing was a sterile bandage.
Having taken care of the biggest issue, I cleaned the rest of my face and all that remained, after my ministrations, was some bruising already forming around my left eye and down the side of my face.
With my adrenaline crashing, I turned around and slid down the counter until my ass hit the tiled floor. The water still ran above me, but I couldn’t bring myself to care just yet.
I sat on the bathroom floor wondering how I got here. How did I let things get so out of control that I ended up here? I never dreamed that I’d become that girl, the one who let doubt and fear seduce her.
But I had.
I had, but I couldn’t be her anymore.
Something had to change.
And that something had to be me.
Chapter 1
Mackenzie~
“You act like you’re headed to the guillotine,” Charlie chuckled. “I promise, it won’t be that bad.”
I glanced over at my cousin as she laid sprawled out on my twin bed. “No,” I retorted. “It’ll be worse.”
She rolled over and propped her elbows up, resting her head in her hands, and grinned. “Okay, so you might have been the girlfriend to the football captain of our biggest rival,” she replied. “But you aren’t anymore. In twenty minutes, you will be an official Eastwood High Tiger.” She rolled back over and threw her hands in the air. “Go purple and gold!”
I rolled my eyes as I looked in the mirror and finished knotting my hair back in a french braid. Wisps of my black hair escaped to frame my face, but I didn’t care about those. All I cared about was that my layered bangs did their job and hid my scar.
“I’ve only broken up with Ridgeview High three months ago, Charlie,” I pointed out drolly. “It’s going to take me a bit longer to move on from my love of white and green.”
Three months ago, I sat in my living room, in the dark, and had waited for my mom to come home from work. My mom had been a hotel maid and she had worked different shifts. That particular day, she had been working a swing shift that wouldn’t have had her home until past ten.
When she had walked in, she had automatically gone to turn on the lights, but my desperate cry to leave them off had startled her into complying. I remember the fear in her voice when she had asked me what was going on. And I remember how cowardice had consumed me and how I had to admit that I needed the lights off or else I wouldn’t be able to tell her.
Turned out that Julie Kingston had been brave enough for the both of us.
She had sat down on the couch, next to me, and hadn’t said a word as shame and remorse had spilled out from my lips, landing at her feet. I hadn’t held back any of the painful details. I had told her everything, and it had been as if once I had gotten started, I couldn’t stop.
I had confessed my sins and my fears.
I had poured out my sorrow and my pain.
And the most empowering thing she could have done for me, she had done. Instead of falling victim to her own turmoil and emotions, she had held it together and had let me make the decision of what to do next. Mom had gifted me with the power to control something, finally, and I had grasped onto it with both hands.
As much as my mom had done to give us a good life since my father had walked out on us when I was six, I still knew the drill. I knew all about political and social classes. I knew money talked and the rich were favored in both the social and legal communities.
I knew that it would be my word against Brayden Mahoney’s. I knew that the police would come and question a girl who lived in an apartment with her single mother, and then go question a boy who lived in Mason Hills with both his upstanding, rich parents.
I also knew Mr. Mahoney would fire my mom the second that the police knocked on their pristine, untainted front door. Her job and our livelihoods had been the reasons I had kept my mouth shut for so long. The entire time I had dated Brayden, his parents had politely tolerated me, but that was about it. I knew accusing their son of abuse would have ended up in a disastrous legal fight.
When I had told my mom that I just wanted to run away from Ridgeview and never look back, she had called my uncle Silas the next morning and had told him we needed help. My father might have been a bastard that ran out on us twelve years ago, but his family hadn’t abandoned us like he had.
My uncle, his wife, Erin, and my cousin, Charlie, lived only one town over in Eastwood, and so I had been able to maintain a decent relationship with them over the years. With technology being what it was today, we had kept in touch a lot. We had an unspoken rule, though, and that was that we didn’t talk about my father. As far as I was concerned, Declan Harden didn’t exist.
The same day that my mother had made that phone call to Uncle Silas, he had driven to Ridgeview from Eastwood and had asked for details, to which my mom hadn’t given him. She had simply told him that I was having trouble at school and I needed to start over somewhere else, and he had taken my face as proof of that. I remember how worried he looked, but he hadn’t pried. And then Uncle Silas had us packed and moved into their home by the following week, and all without one phone call to my bastard of a father. It had made me wonder how both men could have been raised in the same household and turn out so differently.
My mother had given her two weeks’ notice, and though it took about a month, Aunt Erin had been able to get her a job with the city of Eastwood as an office clerk. We were still living with Uncle Silas, but we were only two weeks away from moving into our own place. Uncle Silas had wanted my mom to save as much money as she could before moving out, so we could have an advantageous start in Eastwood.
I was also starting my senior year at Eastwood today.
The official story was that my mom had gotten a new job, and even though Eastwood was only a twenty-minute drive from Ridgeview, my mom thought if she was working for the city of Eastwood, we should live there, too. Only Uncle Silas and Aunt Erin knew there was more to the story, but I knew I could trust them.
As for my friends, I only kept in touch with Shondra and Ella. However, it was mostly through texts and phone calls. I had deleted all my social media accounts with a lame excuse that watching my ‘friends’-because they had all been Brayden’s friends-move on and have fun without me would be too sad to witness. However, to make the lie believable, I couldn’t change my phone number, so I just blocked Brayden instead.
Brayden.
My heart still throbbed when I thought about him, but not for sentimental reasons. It throbbed as a shameful reminder that I had let someone manipulate and control me because my eyes weren’t open enough to recognize what mattered and what didn’t. I had endured months of physical and emotional abuse because I thought my mom’s job was more important than her love for me. She didn’t know that I knew, but I heard her crying every night, for a week, after everything that had happened. We had to share a room when we moved in with Uncle Silas, but we each had our own twin bed to sleep in, and when my mom thought I was sleeping, I could hear her break down and silently cry out her pain and regret. We’ve come a long way, but I knew she still blamed herself some.
As for my face, Uncle Silas, Aunt Erin, and Charlie thought I had been jumped by a bunch of catty girls at school. That was the story we told, and we were sticking to it. If Uncle Silas knew the truth, he’d insist on calling the cops and that wasn’t a route I wanted to go. At least, not right now.
I knew a lot of people would disagree with me, and even go as far as to call me a coward, but escape had been more important to me than pursuing a justice that I knew I wasn’t going to get. However, the one thing my mom had insisted on was taking pictures. The next morning, I had stripped down to my underwear and had let my mom take photos of what it was like to date Brayden Mahoney. Maybe, one day, I’ll be strong enough to press charges, but today I just wanted to get through my first day of school.
I examined my jeans and plain light blue shirt and grimaced. “Maybe no one will notice me,” I muttered.
Charlie choked out a genuine laugh. “You are insane if you think no one is going to notice you, Mack,” she said. “You’re the only female in a hundred-mile radius that has black hair, purple eyes, and a body that belongs on a grown ass woman. No one is going to not know you’re you, no matter how many baseball hats, fake mustaches, and sunglasses you wear.”
“Shut up,” I retorted. “My eyes aren’t purple. They’re blue. They’re just dark.”
Charlie snorted. “They’re freakin’ purple,” she insisted. “And the only other living person in the world with eyes that color is Jase.” Jase was my older brother. He was twenty-two and a Marine. When Mom had asked if I wanted her to call him, I had made her promise not to tell him. Jase was a good man and even better big brother. If he knew, he would come back and kill Brayden, and happily spend the rest of his life in prison. I couldn’t do that to him. Besides, he was off on assignment somewhere and his safety was more important than my drama. I needed Jase to focus on staying alive over there in the Middle East, not be distracted by worrying about his little sister.
Charlie wasn’t entirely wrong, though. Jase and I had inherited our unusual-colored eyes from my mother’s great-grandmother, and it was a trait that appeared in random offspring. Mostly the color became a dark blue like my mom’s, but Jase and I had more purple in our irises than blue.
I turned to face my cousin. “I’m just nervous,” I confessed. Even though I was never into the whole school team spirit stuff, Brayden had been captain of the football team two years in a row. He’ll probably be captain again this year, and I just…I didn’t need drama. “Everyone’s going to judge me the second I step foot on that campus.”
Charlie sent me a sympathetic look. She got off my bed and drew me in for a hug. When she pulled back, she smiled. “It’s going to be fine, Mackenzie,” she lied. “I’ll be there to help you and Phyllis Montague is the only mean girl we have. Everyone else is pretty cool.”
Phyllis Montague was Eastwood’s reigning queen, and I’d met her a few times over the years, but we’d never had problems. But I’ve never breached her territory before, so who knows. I never understood why mean girls were mean. Phyllis was beautiful and rumored to be smart. She’d been class president two years in a row and had no reason to feel threatened by anyone. Least of all, me.
I let out a deep breath. “We’ll see,” I replied, my lack of confidence obvious.
Charlie showed all her teeth. “We will.”
Chapter 2
Samson~
“Best thing about today? I can finally drive myself to school,” Duke announced as he strolled into the kitchen to grab some breakfast. I turned around and shoved a plate of sliced fruit his way.
Duke was a junior this year and had turned seventeen over the summer. I was already eighteen but still in high school because my birthday had fallen past the registration deadline during kindergarten registration, and kindergarten registration was no joke. There was also the fact that my parents had wasted no time after I was born.
Duke was also growing like a fucking weed. I was still taller than his six-foot-one by an inch or so, but it was hard to tell that he was younger than I was sometimes. We looked the same with our dark brown hair and hazel eyes we inherited from Dad, but we couldn’t be more different if we tried. Where Duke loved baseball and had a tonfuck of friends, my passion was football and I only had two friends: Ford Abrams and Raiden Cruz.
I snorted. “Yeah, I’m sure that’s exactly why you love that car so much.”
Duke grinned as he tossed a piece of cut up melon in his mouth. “I can’t help it if girls dig fast cars.” He hadn’t been in a rush to get his license when he had turned sixteen, but he was appreciating having it now.
“They dig your father’s wallet,” I corrected. “And don’t forget it.”
Our father was Samson Maddox, and he was the fearless leader of Samson Industries. And our mother, Clara, was his perfect accessory. And while I loved my parents, they could do a little better in the rearing of their two children. They weren’t horrible or neglectful. They were just…uninterested, I guess would be the best way to describe them. Even if your children didn’t get into trouble, they still needed to know that they shouldn’t. Our parents just assumed that because we’d never been suspended or arrested that all was going well.
If they only knew.
Duke rolled his eyes. “I wrap it, okay?” he groaned. “I swear.”
When Duke had been a freshman, he had come to me with stars in his eyes, professing his undying love for Lilly Montague. Lily had been in the eighth grade still, but they had met at a party, and apparently, Lilly had said all the right things to make Duke think she was The One. He’d been ready to lose his virginity to her and slip a ring on her finger.
However, later, I had learned from a girl who was doing all she could to ride my dick, that Lilly was just playing with Duke at the behest of her older sister, Phyllis. Phyllis Montague had been hoping that by Duke dating Lilly we would automatically pair up.
I had seen fucking red.
It had been the only time I had ever purposely hurt my brother. I had sought Lilly out at her school, and with Duke hiding around the corner, I had hit on her and she had instantly turned on her sister. Duke had heard it all and it had been a hard lesson learned. Ever since then, Duke’s trusted me with the subject of women and Lilly’s duplicity had been enough to make sure he always wrapped his dick up to avoid any kind of trapping of a Maddox.
As for Phyllis, I avoided her when I could. I never believed in physical violence against the fairer sex, but if there was ever a female I wanted to punch in the face, it was her. She used my brother for her own agenda, and I wasn’t a forgiving one when it came to my family.
“Well, at least, now you don’t have to chauffer me around for baseball practice,” Duke said, changing the subject. I didn’t mind driving Duke around, but it would free up my time if I didn’t have to.
I grabbed a grape and tossed it in my mouth. After swallowing, I said, “I told Raiden and Ford to make sure there’s a spot carved out for you.” Ford didn’t have a car, so he always rode with Raiden to school. They lived in the same neighborhood, so it was easy for Raiden to pick him up. And we always parked in the same spot because students went stupid over sports royalty at Eastwood High. Creating an empty space between my car and Raiden’s to make room for Duke would be no problem.
I was Eastwood High’s reigning championship quarterback, while Raiden was my go-to wide receiver, and Ford was my offensive right tackle. Ford protected the fuck out of me and my arm. I hadn’t known them when I had started Eastwood, but we had bonded as freshmen when we had tried out for football and the seniors had tried to haze us.
It hadn’t gone very well.
Ford was a right tackle for a reason; the dude was huge. Raiden and I were similarly built and could hold our own, to which we had. And then once we had showcased our athletic abilities on the field, everyone had backed off and we’ve been given a wide berth ever since.
Where I had dark brown hair and hazel eyes, Raiden had dark brown hair with blue eyes, and Ford had dark blonde hair with light blue eyes. The only thing we had in common were the scowls we constantly wore on our faces. None of us suffered fake groupies with grace. The happiest person in our group was Duke, but that’s how I liked it. I wanted my brother to feel safe enough to be happy.
Me?
I already knew people were shit. It became glaringly obvious the first time I threw a touchdown pass to win our freshman division championship.
Now, don’t get me wrong, I enjoyed the spoils like every other horny teenage boy, but I wasn’t blinded by the lights or the glory. If I needed to get laid, I picked a girl and got the deed done. If I needed someone to talk to, I had my brother and friends for that.
“Okay,” he said, chewing around another piece of fruit. “Do you know if Mom and Dad will be here this week?” Dad traveled a lot and he always took our mother with him. That was probably the sweetest thing I could say about their marriage.
Our father was a multi-millionaire, with Samson Industries having its fingers in damn near every fucking thing, and he kept himself up. Women have wanted a piece of the man for as long as I could remember. But as far as I knew, he has never strayed from my mother. She didn’t work, so she could follow him wherever he went, and he made sure she did. The few times she’d been forced to stay behind because she was sick, or whatever, Samson fucking Maddox had cancelled whatever business he had to in order to stay home with his wife. It was almost as if they were so absorbed in one another, Duke and I were afterthoughts. Every kid wishes their parents were happily married, but our parents took it a bit far in my opinion. But to be fair, I’ve never been in love like them before. I didn’t know the force of its power, even if I did know it was powerful.
“I think so,” I told him. “Their anniversary is coming up in a couple of weeks, and Dad needs to clean up the office before taking her to St. Lucia for their trip.”
We ate our breakfast in silence for a while until Duke said, “I heard a rumor at Tessa Grier’s back-to-school party last weekend.” Last weekend? And he was just now mentioning it? “I’ve been debating tell you,” he mumbled.
“Why?”
Duke huffed, stood up from his seat, and picked up his backpack from the floor where he had tossed it when he had walked into the kitchen. “Because you get mean and ugly when people do or say stupid shit,” he pointed out, hoisting the bag strap over his left shoulder.
“I do not,” I denied.
He arched a brow. “Really?” he deadpanned.
I ignored him. “What did you hear?”
“So, there I was,” he began, “with my hand up Kim’s-”
I threw my hand up. “Stop,” I ordered. “I don’t need details, Duke. Just tell me what you heard.”
He rolled his eyes. “I overheard a couple of girls talking, but I didn’t really pay attention to who they were because I was…uh, otherwise occupied. But when I heard your name, my ears perked up. Their loyalty to you runs deep.” Jesus, this kid. “Anyway, I heard them talking about Phyllis Montague, and I guess she’s thinking three years is long enough for you to forget what she tried to do. It sounds like she might have you in her sights again and isn’t taking no for an answer, this time.”
“What makes you say that?” I really wasn’t interested because there was no way I’d ever fuck, much less date, Phyllis, but a man could never have enough information on his enemy.
“One of the girls had mentioned that it was a shame you weren’t at the party because she was really hoping to blow you-”
“Duke.”
He laughed. “What? It’s true. I’m just repeating what I heard, B.B.” B.B. stood for big brother because when Duke was little those two words had been a struggle for him. “She mentioned wanting to blow you and the second girl had warned her that she had better watch it because Phyllis was claiming you this year.”.
I shook my head. “Don’t worry about it,” I told him. “She’s a nonfactor. And I’m not going to get mean or mad. She doesn’t matter, Duke.”
Duke grinned. “I can’t wait for the day a girl comes around and knocks you on your ass.”
Little did he know.
Chapter 3
Mackenzie~
My head was so far inside my locker, if someone came along and shut the door, it’d sever my head.
This day sucked.
Contrary to Charlie’s pep talk this morning, things weren’t okay. It wasn’t that people were being mean, or anything, but everyone was whispering, and I knew they were whispering about me. It didn’t help that I had Phyllis Montague in my second period, and I had gotten some serious territorial vibes off the girl when I had passed her to go sit in the only empty chair in the back of the room.
“Okay, so maybe I lied,” my cousin’s voice hit me from behind.
I pulled my head out of my locker and looked at her. “You think?”
She winced, but then tried to fake it with a lopsided smile. “Brayden’s not very well liked around here.”
I had never bothered following football just because my boyfriend had been on the team. All I had known about Brayden and football was that he had been a defensive end and a captain of some sort. Brayden wasn’t overly big, but he was quick and tenacious. And, supposedly, good at the position he played.
However, even if I had been completely ignorant of sports, everyone knew the sports rivalry between Ridgeview and Eastwood was serious in every category. The baseball teams couldn’t play without at least one fight breaking out between the two teams. I heard the swim teams were even worse. Could you imagine trying to win a swim meet but fearing you’ll be drowned if you did? But even I knew football was the be-all-end-all of the rivalry. Brayden hadn’t made any friends in Eastwood, and me having been his girlfriend for over a year wasn’t doing me any favors right now.
I grabbed my AP English book from my locker and was grateful Charlie had this class with me. “It’s not like I was a cheerleader or something,” I mumbled discouragingly. “I just went to his games and watched him play. Hell, if I’m being honest, I didn’t even watch him play. I played on my phone half the time.”
“Mack, even if you weren’t who you were, you’re still the new girl,” Charlie replied sympathetically. “You would still garner attention. Besides, a lot of these people don’t know that you’ve broken up with Brayden.”
That was another lie I had to pull off. I had told Charlie, Shondra, and Ella that Brayden and I hadn’t wanted to do long-distance for our senior year, so that’s why we had broken up. Ella and Charlie had bought it, but Shondra was more astute. She had pointed out that it was only a twenty-minute drive between towns, and that was hardly long-distance. I had finally convinced her when I had pointed out that senior year was all about sowing wild oats and having fun. What kind of fun would me and Brayden have just missing each other? She had bought it. Or so, I had hoped.
But Charlie was right. Since I had deactivated my social media accounts, there hadn’t been this big social media announcement that we had broken up. Well, at least, not from me. But I suspected Brayden hadn’t posted anything, either. I wasn’t sure if he’s moved on or not, but I wasn’t about to open myself up to finding out. I wanted nothing to do with Brayden Mahoney and I wasn’t going to go fishing to find out what his relationship status was. It should be single, even if it was subtle.
We headed towards class and the stares and whispers hadn’t subsided just because Charlie was walking with me. “Maybe I could have the administration lady broadcast it over the speakers when she does the morning announcements tomorrow,” I said wryly.
Charlie laughed. “You’ll be old news by the end of the week,” she predicted, and I wanted to believe her. Walking to class, I wouldn’t realize until much later how very wrong she would be.
“Maybe I should have a shirt made proclaiming my single status,” I joked.
“I’d say it couldn’t hurt, but I’d be lying,” she replied, smiling.
“Why do you say that?”
Charlie rolled her pretty, brown eyes. “I swear, it’s like you don’t even own a mirror,” she teased. “You’re beautiful, Mackenzie. The second the guys in this school hear that you’re single, they’re going to be all over you.”
“That’s the last thing I need,” I grumbled, and it was true. Brayden had been my first serious boyfriend, having asked me out the summer before we had started our junior year of high school. Before him, I had gone on dates and hung out with a few guys, but nothing that ever went beyond some chaste kisses. When Brayden had asked me out, I hadn’t expected much after our first date, but it had been easy getting caught up in his energy. He’d been popular, athletic, charming, fun, and dating him had felt exciting and carefree.
Until it hadn’t been anymore.
The only thing we hadn’t gotten around to was having sex. When everyone else around us had been sleeping their way through the entire junior and senior classes, Brayden had never gone farther than sticking his hands down my panties. I had never even given him a blowjob, but I had jacked him off plenty of times. He had never taken things farther than that, though. Whenever I would bring it up, he’d get upset and lash out that his wife wasn’t going to be fucked like some trashy whore. He had a fixation on bedding a virgin on his wedding night. It hadn’t been until later that I realized why it had been so easy for him to hold back. He’d been cheating on me the entire time we had been together. 
That had been the catalyst for the night he had hit me in my face. Ella had been driving me home, and when we had passed Sarah Miller’s house, I had looked over and seen Brayden walking out of her front door, then turning around and giving her a kiss that could not be misconstrued. Thankfully, Ella had been singing like a loon to the latest song by The Weeknd, so she hadn’t been paying attention. When she had dropped me off, I had called Brayden and he had immediately come over. I had told him I was leaving him, and when he realized I was serious, the nightmare had begun. Actually, the nightmare had begun six months before that, but that night had been beyond what he’d already been doing.
“It doesn’t matter if you need it or not,” Charlie replied as we reached our English class. “I’m not sure you can stop it.”
She pulled open the door, and we walked in together. Charlie and I sat next together in the back of the class and it was the first time today that I felt relaxed.
Charlie was around five-three, the same height at me, and had dark brown hair and big, pretty, brown eyes. She had a heart-shaped face and played soccer, so she had an athletic built and it worked for her. Charlie could rock sweats and a dress both in spectacular fashion. She was also friendly and knew a lot of people, so I really appreciated how she was babysitting me today.
We took our seats, and as the teacher was getting set up, I leaned over to tell her so. “Hey, Charlie, thanks for…helping me today.”
She waved me off. “Seriously, Mackenzie, you’re my cousin. At lunch, I’ll introduce you to a few of the people I hang out with and you’ll have other people to talk to besides me in no time.”
I didn’t counter her claim, but the truth was that I wasn’t even sure if that was what I wanted. I just really wanted to get through my senior year with as little drama as possible, and I wasn’t sure if that would happen if I started expanding my social circle.
Third period had gone off without a hitch. And when Charlie and I had parted ways at my locker, she promised to meet me there right after fourth period for lunch.
I continued to ignore the stares and whispers, but I did my best to hold my head up high and act like I belonged here. I wouldn’t embarrass Charlie and I didn’t want anyone to think they could start treating me as if I had a bullseye on my back.
Sure, the last six months with Brayden had made me gun shy, but before that, I had been a strong, confident girl. I had seen my mom do what needed to be done to provide for us, so I knew what true strength and resilience looked like. My mom had raised me to value those traits, and I wanted to find my way back to possessing those worthy qualities.
Brayden’s abuse had started out subtlety, as physical abuse often did, but his manipulation had been smooth as silk, and a trap I had never seen coming. And that’s because it had started from the beginning. Though he’s never admitted it and I have no proof, I knew he had chosen to date me because my mom had worked for his dad. He had aimed to control me from the beginning, and I had been none the wiser.
Fourth period would have been uneventful had it not been for a guy who kept glancing over at me all through class. His perusal hadn’t been subtle, either. He didn’t whisper like everyone else or shoot me sly glances. No. He practically stared at me with his light blue eyes, and it had made me wonder what was up with him. Also, he had looked vaguely familiar, but I couldn’t place him. By the size of him, I assumed he was on the football team because he was huge. And that would make sense since that’s the only way I would have seen him. I’d never hung out in Eastwood, so anyone I knew of or have met before I had met them or heard about them at the football games Brayden had made me attend, or a random party when Eastwood High kids had made their way to Ridgeview.
I did my best to ignore him, but it had been difficult. Not only was he being obvious, but he was a good-looking boy, no doubt. He had dark blonde hair that paired fantastically well with those light eyes of his. I only prayed his attention wasn’t of the prank variety and I got back to paying attention to the teacher.
Four classes down, only three more left to go.
Chapter 4
Samson~
Even though we were outside, the noise level in the courtyard was thunderous. Everyone was reconnecting from summer break, comparing their classes, talking sports, and spreading gossip.
Everyone had gravitated towards their cliques and like-minds, and we were no different. Our table consisted of mostly football players with a few exceptions, but those guys were still jocks in one sport or another. Duke usually sat with us too, but today, he was with his baseball buddies.
I was doing my best to tune out the noise and focus on our table talk, but that came to a halting end when Ford dropped his tray on the table and said, “Guess who I had fourth period with?”
I didn’t really care, and I doubted Raiden did, too, but Raiden asked the question anyway. “Who?”
His eyes were on mine when he delivered the news. “Mackenzie fucking Harden.”
My entire body locked up in tension so tight, it was a wonder I didn’t splinter into a million pieces from the pressure. “What?”
“I swear,” he continued. “She walked into my fourth period class, books in her hand, and taking a seat like she belonged here.”
“No way, man,” Raiden replied, his voice disbelieving.
Before Ford could say anything more, Darren Whitley, our J.V. starting center, confirmed the news. “No, yeah. He’s telling the truth,” he chimed in. “I passed her in the hallway this morning between first and second period.” He shrugged a shoulder. “At first, I wasn’t sure, but then she glanced at me, and come on, dude, who else do you know in the world who has purple fucking eyes?”
Mackenzie Harden.
The first time I ever saw the girl, it had been last year at our opening season game against the Ridgeview Eagles. Eastwood’s rivalry with Ridgeview was so violent, whichever school hosted the games between the two schools always had to put up a metal blockage straight down the middle of the stadium. You had to show your school I.D. to get in and you had to sit with the school you attended.
We had just finished kicking their asses when a fight had broken out on the field. Usually, football scrimmages weren’t as bad as baseball ones, but our schools hated each other so much, the entire bench from both teams had run out onto the field and fists were flying even if they couldn’t do much damage with all our protective gear still on.
I’ll never forget when I first spotted her. Coaches, refs, and parents had managed to separate the teams, and as I was still casting hateful glares to their sidelines, several girls had run down the field and rushed towards their boyfriends, brothers, whatever to console them for losing the fight and the game, and getting their asses kicked at home.
It had been like a goddamn romance book or elaborate fairy tale. A girl with black hair and a body that didn’t belong on any teenage girl had rushed the field and everything else had faded into the background. I had stood in the middle of the field, frozen and pissed that Ridgeview High possessed such a human. And when she ran straight towards Brayden fucking Mahoney, I had wanted to murder him. The bastard had played it up, too, causing her to fawn all over him.
I remember the coach threatening me with everything he could think of to get me moving to our side of the field, but nothing had worked as I remained rooted to the ground, wondering who she was and why the fuck was she with a shithead like Mahoney.
And I’ll never forget how Mahoney had stormed over to meet me in the middle of the field to impress her. His coach, a couple of his defensive team members, and the girl had followed him. Both coaches were trying to stand in between us, but I hadn’t cared about Mahoney or his teammates. My eyes had gone to the girl, and when she had looked up at me, I had nearly groaned.
She had purple fucking eyes.
My heart had beat a wild tattoo inside my chest and it had taken my coach, Ford, Raiden, and three other teammates to drag me away from the huddle. Mahoney and his friends had been hurdling shit our way, but he was so self-centered, he hadn’t realized that I hadn’t even been paying attention to him. I had been mesmerized by his girl. That little stunt had caused me to be benched the next game, but I hadn’t cared. That night I had gone home and had found a couple of Mahoney’s social media pages, and when I found out who she was, I internet-stalked the fuck out of her.
Mackenzie Harden.
I had spent the following week fucking any girl who offered up her pussy in an attempt to get that girl and that fucking moment out of my system, but nothing had worked, so I had stopped. And I haven’t fucked a girl since the last girl I had used to try to get Mackenzie out of my system. If I needed to ease the tension, I wrapped my fist around my dick and jerked it to mental images of Mackenzie Harden.
And I’ve been fucking obsessed with her ever since.
“What’s she doing at Eastwood?” Raiden asked.
Steele Prescott, one of our defensive backs, jumped in to answer that. “Rumor is her mother got a job with the city, and her mom thought it was a good idea to live in the city she worked for.”
“How do you know that?” Darren asked.
“Her cousin, Charlie, is friends with my sister,” he explained. “When I asked my sister earlier if Mackenzie Harden was really going to school here, that’s what she told me.”
“Ridgeview is only a twenty-minute drive,” Raiden pointed out. “Why not just drive there and back for school?”
Steele shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t know,” he said. “Maybe she doesn’t have a car.”
“Think she’s still fucking around with that asshole, Mahoney?” Darren asked in general.
Ford and Raiden glanced at me. They both knew how I felt about the girl. I had confessed my insanity a few weeks after the game when Raiden had asked me why I had started turning down pussy. They couldn’t understand how I could lose my shit over a girl I didn’t know, but they understood me well enough to leave it alone, and respect the madness I was submerged in. Duke knew about my obsession, too.
Steele snorted. “Fuck yeah, she’s still with him. Who in their right mind would let that girl go?”
Darren grinned. “You’re probably right. I can’t see Mahoney letting a twenty-minute drive come between them. They’ve been together like a year or so, I’ve heard.”
“Then why not drive her to and from school?” Ford asked, still looking at me.
“Ah, who knows,” Steele replied. “At any rate, she better hope she’s still dating him.”
“Why?” Raiden asked.
Steele’s laugh was filled with a touch of amazement. “Dude! Can you imagine if she were single? Every swinging dick in this place would lose his fucking mind.” Darren put his hand up and Steele high-fived him.
I gritted my teeth.
In addition to everyone being in awe of the color of her eyes, Mackenzie Harden had a good reputation from all accounts. I’d never heard anyone say anything bad about her, other than she had bad taste in men. But, supposedly, she was nice and kind to everyone, and was more academically inclined than sports orientated.
And Steele was right.
If it turns out she’s no longer with that douchebag, it’d be open season on her. Every single guy here would go after her. Hell, even the not-so-single guys would probably go after her.
At any rate, I didn’t want to sit here and discuss Mackenzie Harden and the swinging dicks that might go after her.
“As long as Mahoney doesn’t think he can just start showing up here, it’s not really our business,” I said, finally weighing in on Mackenzie Harden attending Eastwood.
“There she goes, right there,” Raiden said, and every male head at the table turned to look her way.
Mackenzie was walking with her cousin, Charlie Harden, towards the table where Steele’s sister, Amelia, and her friend, Alistair, sat. I watched as the girls sat down and started being all animated with introductions and chitchat.
I knew Raiden and Ford were going to have questions for me later, but I wasn’t sure I would have any answers for them. All I could do was pray she wasn’t in any of my classes or that she was still with Mahoney. As much as I hated the guy, I didn’t poach. If I did, I’d have gone after her the day after I’d first seen her.
“Well, we’ll know soon enough,” Ford said. “There’s no way her relationship status won’t come out. Nothing’s much of a secret nowadays with social media.”
“We’ve got six games before we meet up with Ridgeview,” Darren remarked. “I can’t wait to see how that asshole plays, knowing his girl is rubbing elbows with Tigers all day.”
Steele laughed, and then they went on to talk about football and the upcoming season. Meanwhile, Ford and Raiden were still eyeing me. “You okay?” Ford asked, his voice low enough not to draw attention.
“I’m fine,” I lied.
Raiden scoffed. “Yeah, okay.”
Yeah, I wouldn’t believe me, either.
Chapter 5
Mackenzie~
Lunch had turned out to be a bit of a breather. Charlie and I had sat with two of her friends, Amelia Prescott and Alistair Brown.
Amelia had turned out to be really easy-going and cool. She was also very pretty, with her dark, milk chocolate skin color and big, brown eyes. Her hair was a spring of perfect curls and she pulled off being slim and curvy at the same time.
Alistair was her complete opposite with his white-blonde hair and bright, blue eyes. He had been super nice, and while I wasn’t in the market for a boyfriend, the guy was tall and had a nice built that even I could appreciate.
They had welcomed me into their fold easily and happily, and that was just another thing I had to thank Charlie for. We might just be friend-adjacent at the moment, but at least, now, there were two other people at Eastwood I could wave to in the hallways.
I walked into fifth period and felt like I was granted another small reprieve. It was a study period, and I was going to use it to mind my own damn business. Every class, so far, had been introductory and filled with teachers introducing themselves, handing out the syllabus for the year, and giving us a rundown on the rules and expectations of their classes. I expected fifth period to be more of the same, minus the syllabus.
I walked in, and with my head down, I automatically headed towards one of the empty seats in the back. It wasn’t until I was seated and looking around in my bag for my phone that I heard the first, “Hey, Maddox,” followed by a, “Samson, my man.” Then there were a few female voices calling for some attention. “Hi, Samson.”, “Looking good, Samson.” I kept my face down and rooted around in my bag like the Hope Diamond might have fallen into it.
Samson Maddox.
The first time I ever saw him, I had almost pinched myself to see if I had been dreaming. It had been at last year’s first football game at Ridgeview. Our Eagles had lost, but I hadn’t thought anything of it. Again, I wasn’t a sports fan. However, Kevin Diamond sucker punching one of the Tiger players had set off one of the worst fights I’d ever seen. My breath hitched as the memory brought me back to fourth period and the guy who had been staring at me.
Ford Abrams.
He’d been the one who Kevin had sucker punched, and the entire Tigers team had taken exception. I remember being sickened and horrified by such a chickenshit thing to do, but the Tigers had gotten even ten-fold. Not only had they won the game, but they came out the victors of the melee.
I remember rushing the field, after the two teams had been separated, concerned for Brayden. A lot of girls had run onto the field to get to their boyfriends, and I had been just one of many. However, things had taken a turn for the worse when Brayden had spotted Samson Maddox standing in the middle of the field, looking like an avenging god, all by himself, taunting the entire Eagles team. Oh, he hadn’t been doing anything but just standing there, but that in itself had been the taunt. He had stood there like an untouchable deity.
And he had known it.
Brayden had noticed him, and he had stormed over. I had followed like a fool, along with a couple of his teammates, and I wasn’t sure what I had been expecting, but it hadn’t been for Samson Maddox to aim those intense hazel eyes my way. Ignoring Brayden’s bullshit and the coaches yelling at the boys to get back, Samson had held my gaze and I had felt like the worst human being on earth when my body started to shiver with the power of his stare. My boyfriend had just lost a game and a fight at the hands of the Eastwood Tigers’ quarterback and his teammates, and I had been standing there, staring back, and letting emotions that I’ve never felt before, drown me in guilt.
When Samson’s coach and team had finally pulled him away, I had felt like I could breathe again. I had pushed away that small moment of madness and had fawned over Brayden for the rest of the evening. The afterparty had turned into an awful, uncomfortable gathering where everyone had talked shit about Eastwood and their football team.
Brayden had been sour and mean, and that should have been my first hint at what really lay beneath his surface, but I had convinced myself that anyone would be upset after losing the game and the fight in front of the entire town of Ridgeview. Just like Eastwood, Ridgeview was a sports town and it had been a crushing defeat.
I had kept my face stuck in my bag as Mr. Amblin explained that since we were seniors, he wasn’t going to babysit us. As long as we didn’t disrupt the class, we could pretty much do whatever we wanted.
I let out deep breath and pulled my e-reader from my bag. I had brought it with me just in case. My phone wasn’t charged enough to play Matchington Mansion on it for forty minutes.
Just as I was opening the cover, my phone vibrated in my back pocket. Thinking it was Charlie checking on me, I pulled it out of my jeans and saw that it was Shondra texting and not Charlie.

Shondra: Quick ?

Me: Ok. Shoot

Shondra: Lots of girls r after ur man. He’s saying u guys r on a break. I thought u guys broke up?

Me: We r NOT on a break. We r broken up. For good.

I hit the send button, and immediately regretted it. My reply was too aggressive for the story that I had given that we had just called it quits in a mutual agreement to spread our wings. The lack of jealousy or concern in the text might set off a red flag.

Shondra: That’s what I thought. I got ur back. I’ll clear up the rumors 

My stomached turned at the knowledge that Brayden was telling people we were just on a break. Even though I tried to downplay the breakup, he shouldn’t be telling people we were on a break. He should be telling them we’re broken up and…I don’t know, that…that we’re open to other relationships. Brayden telling people that we were on a break made him unavailable permanently to someone else.

Me: Thnx. I just don’t want any drama. He’s free 2 date whoever he wants.

Shondra: Got it. Also, I miss u! <3

My heart warmed. I missed her and Ella, too, but not enough to set foot in Ridgeview ever again. I didn’t want to chance running into Brayden somewhere. After graduation, I could go wherever I wanted. Even if it wasn’t college, it wouldn’t be Ridgeview or a town only twenty-minutes from it.

Me: I miss u 2! <3

We texted for a few more minutes, catching up about classes and she wanted to know all about what it felt like to be in enemy territory. I told her that Charlie was saving my ass and she said to tell Charlie hello for her.
Once I let her go, I texted Ella and our exchange had been pretty much the same. I had to smile at how out of control we were during the first day of school. I was sure that tomorrow phones would start to be confiscated and detention slips handed out.
Putting the phone back in my pocket, I finally pulled up the latest book I’d been reading and hoped I didn’t embarrass myself by laughing out loud or bawling like the romantic book sap that I was.
I had science next, then the last break of the day, then P.E. with Charlie. That had been a Godsend. P.E. at the end of the day was every high school girl’s dream. No girl wanted to have P.E. first thing in the day, risking her hair and makeup. Not that I had anyone to impress, but it was easier to give P.E. all I had to give knowing I could go home immediately afterwards and shower.
I was also kind of hoping Amelia or Alistair would be in my next class. Science class sucked when there was pairing up for an experiment and you didn’t know anyone. I knew the optimists would say it was a good way to meet someone new, but I wasn’t exactly optimistic about my situation.
The bell rang, signaling that class was over, and so I powered down my e-reader and put it back in my bag. I kept my head down like a coward but was honest enough with myself to blame it on Samson Maddox being in my class. The few times I saw him after that night, I’d always been with Brayden and I used him as a shield, never leaving his side.
I took a deep breath as I realized I no longer had a shield.
Chapter 6
Samson~
She was in my fucking fifth period.
When I had walked into Mr. Amblin’s class and spotted the black-haired head looking into her bag, I had almost tripped on my way to my desk. Normally, I would have sat in the back, but I hadn’t trusted myself to sit so close to her. I hadn’t even had a chance to absorb the fact that she was here at Eastwood, and I had to go and have a class with her.
And the shit just got worse when I walked into sixth period and she had been sitting in the back by herself at one of the lab tables. Not sure about Ridgeview, but all of Eastwood’s science classes had experiment tables instead of desks. It was supposed to keep students from getting embarrassed if they weren’t picked as partners.
My feet started taking me to the back of the room, ready to sit at her table, when I saw Peter Douglas take the empty seat next to her.
I wanted to strangle the fucker.
“Samson, there’s an empty seat right here.” I turned, and Phyllis Montague was smiling at me and pointing to the seat next to her. I thought about what Duke had said about Phyllis trying to get her claws into me this year and scoffed at her offer.
No fucking way.
Instead, I kept walking, not caring if she was embarrassed, and sat next to Henry Doolittle. Henry was an alright kid, if not a bit reserved. But I knew he was smart and would do his part for his grade in any experiment we were assigned together.
Luckily, I had P.E. for seventh period, and even if Mackenzie did, too, it wouldn’t be co-ed like the other periods. All athletes had seventh period P.E., so nothing would interfere with afterschool practice. We rotated out depending on which sport was in season, and since football started immediately, we were in seventh period P.E. first. The baseball team came next, then basketball. Once our seasons were over, our P.E. period would switch with our free study period. Not sure how they managed it all, but they did.
This class followed the same pattern as all the rest. The teacher introduced herself, went over her expectations, but in addition to what was expected of us, she went through the safety procedures for the class. We’d be working with chemicals and shit, so that was probably something I should have paid attention to, but I couldn’t concentrate on anything other than the dark-haired beauty sitting in the back of the class with an asshole that wasn’t me.
Forty torturous minutes later, I couldn’t take it anymore. I had to know what the fuck she was doing here and if she was still with that fucking asshole. I had to find a way to get this shit I was feeling under control. My obsession with Mackenzie Harden was real and I needed to do something before I lost my fucking mind with it.
When the bell rang, I hurried my ass out of class. I waited by the door until I saw her cross the threshold and she yelped when I grabbed her by her arm and dragged her behind me. I knew people were gawking, because being the star athlete that I was, people were always interested in what I was doing. But with Mackenzie in tow? I knew phones were out and pointing at us.
I found an empty alcove between the science building and the hallway that led to the math building, and I had her up against the wall, my hands on either side of her beautiful head, caging her in.
Her purple eyes were large and her face pale. She was almost an entire foot shorter than I was, so I had to leaned over to get in her face. People could record us on their phones all they wanted, but our conversation was for us only.
“What are you doing here?” I asked, my voice low and rough with maddening obsession.
Mackenzie hugged her bag to her body, and I bit out a low curse. “I…I go to school here now,” she stuttered.
“Why?”
“My…my mom got a…j…job with the city,” she said. “She thought…it’d be a…a good idea to move here and live in the…city she worked for.”
Mackenzie was lying.
I couldn’t be one hundred percent certain, but I was pretty confident about it. It was in the way she gave her answer. Like it was rehearsed. Like she was repeating the story on command.
“It’s only a twenty-minute drive to Ridgeview,” I pointed out. “It’s your senior year. Why not just make the twenty-minute drive, so you can spend your senior year with your friends?”
Mackenzie arms tightened around her bag. “I don’t have a car,” she replied. I stared at her lips as she answered, and I never wanted to take a girl so badly in my life.
I forced myself to focus and returned my gaze to hers. “And Mahoney couldn’t drive you?”
She flinched, and if I hadn’t been so hyper-focused on her, I would have missed it. “We…we broke up at the beginning of summer.” I closed my eyes and felt my entire body surrender to the madness I knew was sure to follow.
When I opened my eyes, she was looking at me in a way that told me she knew exactly what I was thinking. Her body began to tremble, and I wondered if it was a scared trembling or an excited one.
“You guys broke up?” I knew I had heard her correctly the first time, but I needed absolute clarification on this one. Again, I wasn’t a poacher.
Mackenzie nodded. “We…we broke up back at…at the end of May.”
And this next question was the most important. “Who broke it off?” Her eyes widened, but she quickly tried to recover.
Yep.
Mackenzie Harden was hiding something.
“Uhm…it was mutual-”
“Bullshit,” I bit out. “Who broke up with who?”
“I…I broke up with him,” she confessed, her voice soft.
“Is it over?” There was breaking up because you were going through some shit, and then there was breaking up because it was really over. As much as I wanted this girl, I didn’t want to get caught up in a yo-yo situation.
“It’s over,” she confirmed, her voice sounding stronger than it had been earlier. And she said it with enough conviction, I believed her.
I pushed back and straightened to my full height. She was no longer caged in, but she wasn’t making a move to leave, either. We had fifteen minutes before the start of seventh period, so I knew we didn’t have much time to get into the more serious aspects of this conversation, but I couldn’t let her go without making a couple of things clear.
I stuck my hands in my pockets, so that I wouldn’t reach for her. I stared down at her long and hard. “Do you feel it?” The hold she had on her bag tightened to the point where her knuckles turned white. She knew what I was referring to. “Do you?”
Mackenzie closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She was struggling to get herself under control and it was making my dick hard.
Good.
I wanted her to be as fucked-up over this as I was.
When she opened her eyes, I was back in her personal space. My hands were still in my pockets, but my stomach was pressed up against her bag. I was also very aware that we’d drawn a crowd. “Do you, Mackenzie?” Her name falling from my lips sounded like it belonged there.
“Yes,” she admitted softly, sealing her fate in a way she couldn’t possibly understand.
I wanted to pull her into my arms and make up for the past year that I haven’t had her. I wanted to erase every fucking memory she had of every guy before me.
Especially that tool, Brayden Mahoney.
But I also knew I wasn’t strong enough to keep having this conversation without doing something stupid and making fools out of both of us. However, I couldn’t just leave things like this.
I scowled to let Mackenzie know I was serious. “No one else gets to have you,” I told her.
“Wh…what does that mean?” Her voice shook, telling me she knew exactly what it meant.
“It means, you may be newly single, but you’re not available,” I clarified. “If you’re going to be anyone’s at Eastwood, you’re going to be mine, Mackenzie.”
“Samson…” Her eyes grew wide, and I knew that once I let her in, those eyes would always see right through me and bring me to my fucking knees.
It was also the first time I’ve heard my name fall from her lips and I knew I needed to get to seventh period before I forced her to skip with me on the first day.
“No one else gets to have you,” I repeated.
She knew what I was saying.
She knew what I was asking.
Mackenzie nodded silently, and I turned around and headed for P.E.
Chapter 7
Mackenzie~
The trip to my locker and to the gym were lost experiences. I had no idea how I managed to get to class, but I had. My body must have been operating on autopilot because my mind had been a jumbled mess after that…whatever that was with Samson Maddox.
I had barely made it through the doors of the gym when Charlie had rushed forward and grabbed me by the arm, yanking me over. “What in the hell, Mack?” she whispered-yelled.
“What?” Though I had a sneaking suspicion I knew what.
“I was waiting by your locker for you when my phone started blowing up with notifications that I was being tagged in all kinds of different posts.” My phone had been vibrating in my back pocket also, and when I had put my stuff up in my gym locker, I had seen a bunch of texts from Shondra and Ella. Even a few from people I didn’t really talk to anymore.
“Ladies!”
I looked over and the coach was calling us all together. On the other side of the room, a group of boys were gathered together with their coach. “Come on,” I said. “The coach is calling us over.”
Charlie fell into step next to me, but she was still demanding answers. “What the hell is going on, Mackenzie?”
We reached the group before I could tell her anything substantial, but it was clear that everyone was wondering the same thing. Everyone was whispering and staring at me. Some looks were curious, some were mean, and others were downright hostile. Even some of the guys were glancing over our way.
“I’m Coach Brody,” our P.E. teacher announced, “and today I really don’t care what you girls do as long as you’re doing some form of exercise. I like to spend the first day talking with the students who may have restrictions or health concerns. So, go make yourselves scarce while I attend to business.”
“Coach Brody, can me and Mackenzie walk the balcony?” Charlie asked.
“Just don’t fall over the railing,” she replied, and before I could ask Charlie what the hell walking the balcony meant, she was dragging me towards some stairs that led to the second floor. I looked up, and sure enough, there was a walkway that circled the entire gym.
Once we hit the second landing, Charlie was back to whisper-yelling. “So, what the hell is going on, Mack?”
I shook my head as we started walking. “I don’t know,” I told her honestly. “Samson and I have fifth and sixth period together, and…I don’t know. When I was walking out of Science class, Samson was waiting by the door for me. He grabbed me and pulled me with him.”
“For what? There are pictures and videos of you guys all over the place, but no one could hear what was being said.”
“He asked what I was doing here and if I was still dating Brayden,” I grimaced.
Charlie started biting on her lower lip. “Okay. That makes sense,” she mumbled. “Samson is our reigning quarterback and there are rumors of being destined for the NFL. It’d make sense for him to want to know if Brayden might come around and cause problems.”
“He’s…kind of intense,” I hedged. I was juggling lies and half-truths and I was starting to forget where I was with them all.
Charlie snorted “Dude.”
I choked out a laugh. “What?”
“He’s beyond intense,” she said. “I don’t think the boy knows how to smile. But I think that’s because he’s so serious about football and his grades. Mind you, I don’t know him well, and I’m just repeating rumors, but he’s always been…moody.”
“My friend Shondra texted me earlier, telling me that Brayden was telling people we were just on a break,” I told her. “We’re not, though. We’re broken up for good.”
“Well, you did say you guys broke up, so that you could enjoy your senior year apart,” she reminded me. “Maybe to him, you guys really are just on a break.”
I hated that I didn’t feel comfortable telling her the truth yet. “No, Charlie. We’re broken up for good.”
She didn’t comment, but quickly went back to the subject at hand. “Is that all Samson wanted?”
“No. He…uh, said some other things,” I grumbled, still not sure what to make of our conversation. I mean, I knew what he said, but I had no idea what that meant for me. Were we a couple now? Or was he implying that he’d be waiting when I was ready to date again? I had no freakin’ idea.
I was so confused.
Before I could tell her more, footprints thundered behind us, and soon, we were flanked by two male bodies, one of them throwing his arm around Charlie’s shoulders.
She froze and I froze with her. “Uhm…what are you doing?” she asked the guy who was being super overly familiar with her.
“Escorting you on your jaunt around the gym,” he replied flippantly.
“Hey, Dee,” the guy next to me said, and when I turned to look at him, it was a good thing we had stopped walking or else I would have tripped all over myself.
The guy standing next to me could only be Duke Maddox. He had the same coloring and facial features that Samson had, but he looked younger and softer.
And then my ears perked up. “Uh…my name’s Mackenzie,” I told him. “Not Dee.”
He smirked and my heart stumbled. He was gorgeous like is brother. “Don’t you read your Bible?” he quipped, and I immediately got the reference.
I was also immediately offended.
I knew that story, and I didn’t appreciate the implication. “I’m not here to betray your brother,” I snapped, not sure where the anger was coming from. Maybe I was just tired of being in the limelight, but I was starting to feel on the defensive. Or maybe I was still felling residual shame from letting Brayden abuse me for so long and not standing up for myself sooner.
Duke grinned, and he appeared…proud of my retort. “I wasn’t referring to you betraying him,” he said softly, and that’s when my face heated with embarrassment. If he wasn’t teasing me about how Delilah betrayed Samson, then he was referring to Samson’s irrevocable love for Delilah.
“Will you get your freakin’ arm off me,” Charlie spat to the boy still accosting her.
“Do you know how many girls would love for me to put my arm around them?” he scoffed, offended that Charlie hadn’t swooned at his attentions.
She shook his arm off and glared up at him. Duke and I stood as spectators as she said, “The entire school knows how many girls would love to have your arms around them, Raiden. Especially, since you’ve already had your arm around most of them.”
Raiden Cruz.
I’ve heard that name many times when the Eagles players hung out together to badmouth Eastwood. Raiden Cruz, Ford Abrams, and Samson Maddox’s names were often tossed around. I wasn’t sure what position Raiden played, but he was an Eastwood Tiger.
He was also a good-looking sonofabitch. It made me wonder what was in Eastwood’s town water because Eastwood was producing prime male specimens.
“And what are you doing here anyway?” Charlie asked him, her voice turning a bit shrilly. “Shouldn’t you be with the football team?”
Raiden shrugged. “It’s tryouts,” he replied. “And I don’t need to try out.”
“None of you do,” Charlie shot back. “But I don’t see the others here.”
“Awe, babe, don’t be like that,” he crooned, and I feared for him a bit. Charlie was a sweet girl unless you got her riled up.
“Do not call me ‘babe’,” she snapped. Her head swiveled around to take us all in. “Why are you guys bothering us?”
“Just checking on Dee,” Duke answered for the both of them.
Having heard our earlier discussion, Charlie immediately went to my defense. “Her name’s Mackenzie, Duke. Not Dee.”
Duke just grinned at her. “I never guessed you for being the prickly sort, Charlie Harden.”
“Maybe because we’ve only spoken like two words to each other since you started Eastwood High,” she retorted.
“Well, looks like we’re going to be the best of friends now,” he replied, his grin turning up.
“What in the hell is going on?” she damn near screeched.
“Ask your cousin,” Raiden replied.
Charlie’s eyes were big and confused when she looked at me. “Mack?”
There was no way out of this. Plus, I didn’t want these two dicks making her feel like a fool. “After I told Samson that me and Brayden were broken up for good, Samson…uh…”
Raiden laughed. “He planted his flag in her ass and called it a day.” Charlie and I winced at the visual, while Duke just chuckled.
What a hell of a first day of school.
Chapter 8
Samson~
P.E. had basically been nothing more than our football coach, Coach Rawlins, separating the guys already on the football team from the guys that needed to try out. Being the quarterback and team captain for the offense, I had to be there even if I didn’t want to be.
After walking away from Mackenzie earlier, I had sent out a group text to Duke, Raiden, and Ford and telling them to put the word out that Mackenzie was mine. I knew there might still be a few guys who would make a run at her, but it wasn’t anything I couldn’t handle. I just needed the word out, because had it gotten out that she was single, I would have been coming into the fight from behind instead of from the front. At any rate, there’d be questions about the posts showcasing our little moment, so all I did was provide an answer.
The only problem with finally pushing this unstoppable boulder down the hill was that I didn’t know the girl. After graduation, I was destined for either, Ohio State, Notre Dame, University of Alabama, or USC. They were the top football colleges in the nation, and I had plans to go pro. I wanted a degree in sports therapy as a backup plan, but for all intents and purposes, I had plans to get drafted after college.
The problem I had now was that I had no idea what Mackenzie’s plans were after we graduated from high school. I knew nothing about her other than she was the only person in the world with the ability to drive me crazy.
I also wrestled with how I knew I was going to have to give her time. I was operating with the advantage that I’ve been in love with this girl for over a year; I was already all in. This was all new to her. She was just coming off a relationship with a guy she dated for a year, and here I was, forcing her into a relationship with a guy she didn’t know. I knew our beginning was going to be…tumultuous, but this was happening.
But I also had to find a way to watch over Duke once I went to college. He’ll be a senior next year, but it didn’t take much to ruin your future. Duke was popular and had a lot of people looking out for him, but our parents were gone from home a lot. It was enough to make a kid think he could get away with anything. Duke had a bright future in baseball if he stayed focused. However, he was a healthy teenage guy, unlike my brooding ass, and he liked to party and hang out, along with playing sports. He also liked to get his dick wet a lot, and that was worrisome.
I was stepping out of the shower, a towel around my waist, as I made my way to my gym locker to change. I was just pulling the door to my locker open when Ford’s big ass leaned up against the locker next to mine. His arms were crossed over his chest and he had the biggest grin draped across his face.
I huffed. “What?”
“Did you know Charlie Harden is a rabid little spitfire and is immune to Raiden’s charms?”
I shook my head and began dressing. “No. No, I didn’t.”
“Seems your girl and her cousin didn’t welcome their protection detail,” he quipped, amused.
I pulled my shirt over my head. “It wasn’t protection detail,” I remarked dryly.
He uncrossed his arm and stood up straight. “Sure, it wasn’t,” he muttered. “Raiden missed practice just to watch her.”
Okay.
So, maybe, I went a little overboard.
“What’s your point?” I asked as I sat down to put my shoes on.
“My point is that nothing’s official until it’s internet official. And if you’re really serious about staking your claim, you better put something out there on one of your social media accounts.”
God, I hated that shit. I glanced up at him. “Do I look like a fucking teenage girl?” I shook my head and finished slipping on my shoes. “I hardly ever update my shit unless it’s for football.”
I stood up and Ford just shrugged a shoulder. “I’m just telling you, man. If you don’t change your relationship status on your social media accounts, guys are still going to go after her. Do you really want to spend your entire senior year getting suspended because you’re fighting guys off left and right?” He gave me a long, hard look. “Don’t take this the wrong way, Samson, but that girl is fucking beautiful. She’s got eyes that can make you lose your train of thought and a body that can drive you to distraction. You need to stake a serious claim on her if you want guys to back off. And even then, you may still have to swing them thangs a couple of times for the guys who don’t care.”
I grabbed my phone and shut my locker. Entering the code to my phone, I unlocked it, and pulled up the last social media app I was on and changed my relationship status.
I also looked to tag Mackenzie on it, but nothing was coming up. “Mackenzie doesn’t have any social media accounts,” I remarked absently.
“I know,” Ford said. “I tried looking them up during fourth period to get the info on her, but I couldn’t find anything. Even Charlie doesn’t have her tagged on anything.” That was odd to say the least. Almost every human on the planet had, at least, one social media account.
My mind went back to our conversation earlier. I knew she wasn’t being completely honest when I had questioned her, but I just didn’t know what exactly she was holding back. Did the mystery lie with her mother, or with her? Did they move because something happened with her mother, or did something happen with her and that fuckface? And did Charlie know what was really going on? And that reminded me…
As Ford and I made our way out of the locker room, I said, “No fucking around with Charlie.”
“Kid gloves?” he asked, surprise in his voice.
“No. I just mean, she’s not a quick lay. Don’t start fucking with her like that. I can’t have anything messing up this shit between me and Mackenzie. Tell Raiden and Duke.”
Ford let out a low whistle. “Will do. But I think you’re going to have to have this talk with Raiden yourself,” he replied. “I think Ms. Harden made quite an impression during P.E.”
Fucking great.
I looked over at him as we walked down the hallway. “I thought you said she wasn’t impressed with him.”
He laughed. “She wasn’t. But you know Raiden.”
I snorted. “I know all three of you horny fucks,” I corrected him.
Ford slapped me on the back. “We can’t all be in love with purple-eyed perfection.”
I didn’t deny his claim. If it wasn’t love, then that meant I was insane, and I was quite ready to own that label just yet. It was one thing to have her drive me crazy, it was another to be fucking crazy.
When we got to the parking lot, Duke and Raiden were waiting for us by our cars. Raiden drove a black 2010 Chevy Camaro SS Coupe, while Duke had gotten a new, white 2019 Range Rover over the summer. And me, I drove a royal blue 2020 Audi TT.
Walking up, both Duke and Raiden had huge grins on their ugly mugs. I knew I wasn’t going to get out this unscathed. “Alright. Let me have it,” I grumbled like a poor sport.
Duke’s brows shot up. “I have no idea what you’re talking about, B.B.”
I ignored him and looked over at Raiden. “Charlie’s not to be fucked with, Raiden,” I told him. “If you want to stamp your name on her ass, I got no problem with that. But she can’t be a plaything, Raiden. I can’t afford any problems that I don’t already have.”
His blue eyes narrowed, and he cocked his head. This was the first time I’ve ever made comment on where he stuck his dick. But then this was also the first time I’ve ever made comment on where he stuck his dick. The viewpoint from both sides was valid and important.
After a few seconds, he said, “First of all, fuck you, because I wouldn’t do that to you. And second, the girl can’t stand me.”
“It’s true,” Duke chimed in. “The famous Raiden charm was failing big time.”
“I know you wouldn’t try to fuck me over, Raiden,” I replied. “I just don’t know Charlie Harden well enough to know if she’d fall for your shit or not.”
Duke chuckled. “No worries there, dude.” He jabbed his thumb in Raiden’s direction. “The girl was not impressed in the least. Raiden’s reputation is preceding him, and this time, not in a favorable light.”
“Just let me know if…anything changes, okay? Give me a heads up,” I asked.
Raiden simply nodded. “Will do.”
“I’m out,” Duke announced, and made his way to his car. “I’ll see you at home.”
Ford headed towards Raiden’s passenger door and Raiden clicked his key fob to let him in. He slapped me on the shoulder and said, “Relax, Samson. It’ll be fine.”
“Have you ever had everything you’ve always wanted in the palm of your hand and you knew any little hiccup could take it away?”
He shook his head. “Nah, man.”
“Well, that’s how I feel about this girl,” I confessed. “Like I’m one…move away from watching it all fall apart if I don’t do this right.”
“Sounds painful,” he winced.
“It is.”
Chapter 9
Mackenzie~
After we ate dinner last night, I had spent an hour trying to calm Charlie down and talk her out of slashing all of Raiden Cruz’s tires. She had been channeling her inner Carrie Underwood, and not because he cheated on her, but because I think she had a little crush on the gorgeous football player and didn’t want to.
We had also scoured every social media account Samson Maddox had and saw that he had changed his relationship status on every single one, publicly naming me as his girlfriend.
I had been freakin’ floored.
It seemed as if the entire state had been tagged with this new information, and that’s when Samson’s popularity had really sunk in. Everyone was interested because Samson Maddox was going to be someone someday. Even if he didn’t make it into the NFL, his family was loaded. He’d be rich, no matter where he went in life.
It had been rather sobering.
I had also spent half the evening returning texts and calling Shonda and Ella to explain. I had been in a battle between telling Shondra and Ella the truth or confirming Samson’s social media claims. But in the end, I had sided with Samson. I might not know what he was doing with me, but I knew embarrassing him, by denying his claims, would have been a bad move.
So, I ended up telling Shondra and Ella that we had run into each other over the summer and had immediately connected and had made it official at school yesterday. From there, both conversations had gone downhill. They immediately warned me about how Brayden wasn’t going to like it, especially considering who Samson Maddox was. I had done my best to assure them that it would all be okay, but I’d done a poor job of it. However, they had both promised to have my back and I knew they would. Shondra and Ella were the type of friends to have your back when you weren’t around.
Now, with Charlie pulling up to Eastwood High for the second time, I wondered what the hell I was getting myself into.
I ignored the feelings of dread and confusion, and when we got out of the car, I looked over at Charlie as she hiked her backpack over her shoulder. “Are we good? Or am I going to have to protect Raiden’s poor, innocent vehicle?” Her lip twitched and I smiled. “Good,” I said. “Me sitting on the top of his hood all day would have been a little bit hard to explain without throwing you under the bus.”
Charlie rolled her eyes but laughed good-naturedly. “I promise, his precious car is safe,” she grinned.
We walked towards the entrance of the school and people started to stare again. “Is it weird that I’m nervous?”
“Hell, I’m nervous, and I’m not even the one in the middle of all this drama,” she grimaced, no help to me at all.
“Thanks, Charlie,” I deadpanned.
She grinned again. “Well, it can’t be any worse than yesterday, right?”
I reared back and stared at her. “Are you crazy? Of course, it can.”
“Well, then…fuck it. Let’s get this over with,” she said, sounding like she was preparing for a police interrogation. I shook my head but fell in step with her anyway. Charlie and I had never had a lot of time to hang out outside random holidays, but she was turning out to be a spunky little thing.
Eastwood High had an open campus design, however, you had to go through this reception lobby of sorts before you could get on campus. It was a way to keep people from trespassing on school grounds. You had to walk through the front doors, but then swipe your school I.D. to get through another set of doors. If you forgot or lost your I.D. there was a reception window to the right where you could sort your shit out.
Once we got through the second set of doors, Amelia and Alistair were there to greet us. “Girl, let me tell you,” Amelia began in lieu of a more traditional greeting, “you are on the lips of every person in this school.”
I eyed her. “Wasn’t I yesterday, too?”
“Not like this,” Alistair added. “Samson Maddox only ever updates his social media accounts when it comes to football. All athletes do that as a way to market themselves to colleges or the pros. Maddox taking the time to hit up every social media account he has to announce that you and he are dating is big, Mackenzie. Like…like finding out Tupac’s-living-on-a-deserted-island-somewhere big.”
I choked out a laugh. “Seriously, Alistair?” My head tilted to the side. “C’mon?”
“No, he’s telling the truth,” Amelia insisted as we started heading towards my locker. “Since no homework was issued yesterday, every student at Eastwood was online stalking the shit out of you and Samson.” Her brows furrowed. “And might I add, you must have serious privacy settings on your accounts because no one could find you anywhere.”
“I…uhm, I deactivated all my accounts when I moved,” I told her, the practiced lie easily falling from my lips. “I…gave myself a little pity party about not being able to…be with my friends. I didn’t want to see all the fun my friends were going to be having without me.”
All their faces immediately fell with sympathy. “I get that,” Alistair muttered.
Turning the corner, the entire hallway froze in silence. It didn’t take long for me to wonder why when I spotted Samson Maddox leaning up against my locker.
My stomached dipped, and all I could think was-this is it. Just like I had to make a decision on the phone with Shondra and Ella, I had to make one now, in front of everyone in the hallway. I kept walking and it didn’t escape my attention that Charlie, Amelia, and Alistair had fallen back to let me meet him alone. I didn’t really blame them. This was between me and Samson after all.
His bright hazel eyes held mine and it kind of felt like I was walking the plank, not knowing what was there to meet me at the end, except a vast ocean with countless possibilities.
When I stopped in front of him, he straightened and stepped aside, so I could open my locker. “Give me your phone.”
I paused from turning the combination to my lock, and my eyes swung over to meet his. I knew it wasn’t fair to compare Samson to Brayden; I knew it. But I was hypersensitive to his high-handedness, and I knew I had to set the tone of whatever this was now, rather than expect something different later.
“Excuse me?” My voice was quiet, but strong. A small thing I was grateful for.
His eyes bore into mine, and I wasn’t sure what he saw, but he rephrased his demand. “We need to exchange numbers. Can I see your phone, please?”
I stood there, staring at this sexy boy, and knew I was way in over my head with him. I knew it, but it didn’t stop me from handing over my phone. I went back to unlocking my locker and I heard my phone chime with an incoming text, and then I heard another phone chime, too. He got my number while giving me his.
All our books had been issued during senior orientation, but I didn’t understand why since no homework was issued on the first day of school. But no matter. I grabbed my American History book from my locker, and then turned towards Samson to get my phone back.
He put the phone in my hand, but before I could stuff it back in my pocket, Samson grabbed my wrist and pulled me to him. I knew phones were out and I knew everyone was eager to hear what we had to say, but Samson’s voice was low and for me only. “You have this morning to get use to this, but that’s all. I’ll meet you here for lunch, and then after that, I’ll begin walking you to class.” Warmth burst in my chest. It’s been a long time since a guy was considerate of me. “Okay?”
I nodded, then asked, “Samson, do you know what you’re doing? Because I don’t.”
His face softened, and he leaned in and placed a kiss at the corner of my mouth. “I know exactly what I’m doing,” he said against my skin. “I’m finally getting the girl.” He kissed me on my forehead before walking past me, down the hallway.
“Oh. My. God,” Amelia squealed, and I felt her, Charlie, and Alistair rush me. “That was too sweet and not anything like the Samson Maddox everyone knows.”
“He said he’s giving me the morning to get used to…us. But then he’s taking over at lunch,” I confessed. “I think he’s serious about me.”
“Duh,” Charlie drawled out. “Obviously.”
I rolled my eyes and shook off the weight of doing something like moving on with Samson Maddox. I knew, sooner or later, we were going to have to have a serious talk, but for right now, I was going to wing it.
I looked at my cousin and my new friends. “Let’s get to class, huh?”
They took pity on me and we all fanned out to head to our respective classes. I continued to ignore the stares and whispers very much like I had yesterday and walked into American History with my head held high. I wasn’t going to let them get to me. I had overcome a lot these past few months, and if I was going to tackle this new…direction my life was going in, I needed to focus on what was real.
Gossip and fake people were not real.
Chapter 10
Samson~
The look in her eyes when I had told her to hand over her phone had stuck with me all day. They had been full of pain, but there had been determination in there, too. It had been an odd combination. I imagined it was part of the story she wasn’t telling anyone. Or at least, wasn’t telling me.
And Ford had been right about the entire social media thing. Last night, when I was done making Duke dinner and we had eaten, I had pulled up some of my accounts, and they had been going wild with post after post of surprises, congratulations, and some snide shit from random girls. Catty females didn’t bother me, though. I had no problem being rude to a girl if I needed to be. And any girl trying to hit on me, knowing I was officially taken, would be dealt with harshly.
Duke also hadn’t shut up about what pretty, little, purple-eyed babies I was going to have. We had joked and hung out, playing Call of Duty: WII. Our phones had been left on the coffee table as we saved the world, and it had been one of the best nights we’d had alone together in a long time.
And then, this morning, when Mackenzie had arrived at school, watching her walk towards me had me feeling things I’ve never felt before. I’ve felt pride before when I’ve won a game. I’ve felt it when I’ve aced a test. I’ve felt it when my brother’s hit a homerun. I’ve even felt it sometimes when I’d catch my father looking at my mother like she was the only other human being on the planet. Even though it got in the way of their parenting, there was a certain pride in knowing my father loved my mother the way he did.
But I have never felt the burst of pride I felt when Mackenzie walked towards me and I had thought, ‘mine’.
Then I was finally able to escort her to lunch. Then fifth period. Then sixth period, where I had made Peter Douglas switch seats with me. Mackenzie had rolled her eyes, but she hadn’t objected. We had spent last break together as an uncomfortable cluster of new friends before heading to P.E. Amelia and Alistair had looked uncomfortable, while Raiden and Charlie had growled at each other, and Ford just grinned like a lunatic the entire time. I also had to warn Mackenzie that I probably wouldn’t be able to meet her after school while football season was going on, but she had assured me she didn’t mind.
School was over for the day, and Ford, Raiden, and I had just reached our gym lockers for football practice when Erik Ovadia slammed the doors open and yelled, “Ridgeview is in the parking lot!”
We all froze.
“Did he just say-”
“There’s only two reasons Ridgeview would be in our parking lot,” Ford said. “And since our game with them isn’t for another six weeks…”
“Mackenzie,” I breathed out right before taking off in a run, Raiden and Ford behind me.
Ridgeview was a twenty-minute drive over. That meant they would have had to skip their last class of the day and their own football practice, which I didn’t get. How could they get away with that? Coach Rawlins would have our asses if we pulled some shit like that.
When I made it around the back of the school to the parking lot, two car-full and one truck-full of Ridgeview football players littered our parking lot. But what had gotten my attention was Brayden Mahoney standing in front of Mackenzie and Charlie with a couple of his teammates behind him. And the closer I got, the more incensed I became.
Mackenzie was shaking.
I came up from behind her, and wrapping my arm around her stomach, I pushed her behind me. I was a couple of inches taller than Brayden, so it gave me a perverse pleasure to be able to look down at him. “A little far from home, aren’t you, Mahoney?” I could hear thunder in the form of testosterone-filled footsteps behind me, and I knew the entire football team had followed me, Raiden, and Ford.
The fucking prick had the nerve to smirk. “Just talking to my girl, Maddox.”
I felt Mackenzie’s hands reach for the hem of the back of my shirt and twist in the fabric as her head dropped between my shoulder blades.
As if she were hiding.
Fists formed and my lip curled as I snarled, “You mean, my girl.”
Brayden scoffed at my claim. “You might have her on loan, Maddox. But me and Mackenzie? We’re far from over.”
I wanted to punch this motherfucker in his face, but the rage that consumed me felt deadly, and I didn’t trust myself with everyone’s phones out. But before I could tell him to go eat a dick, Mackenzie slid out from behind me.
And I hated that.
I hated that he got to lay his eyes on her. I hated that he’d had her first. Hell, I hated that he’d had her at all. But most of all, I hated that I couldn’t fight this fight for her. I could scream it to the Heavens that she was mine, but unless she did it, everyone would paint her as some cock tease using two guys for her own amusement.
“We’re broken up, Brayden,” she said loud enough for the people nearby to hear. “We broke up way back in May.” She reached out and grabbed my hand in hers. “We are over, Brayden. We’ve been over.”
I stood there as the hair on the back of my neck stood up. Something was going on here. Something…something bigger than a teenage couple who had broken up. I saw it in the way Brayden stared at her. I heard it in the way Mackenzie tried to sound strong, but her voice wavered a bit.
Brayden really was here for Mackenzie. And you could see it in the way his eyes fixated on her face.
I pushed her behind me again. I might not know what was going on, but there was no way I was going to let Brayden Mahoney get near Mackenzie ever again. I heard footsteps behind me, and I knew Raiden and Ford had taken up her sides, enclosing her around us.
“You heard her, Mahoney,” I said. “But in case you didn’t, let me reiterate.” I straightened to my full height. “She said it’s over between you two. And if it wasn’t before, it sure as fuck is now, because Mackenzie is mine.”
You could see the hate and fury on his face. He wanted to hit me, but he knew he couldn’t win. Even if I wasn’t stronger, faster, and better with my fists, I had Mackenzie to fight for. No way would I lose a fight to this piece of shit if she were the prize.
But before any fists could fly, Coach Rawlins and several teachers came running outside. As soon as some of the Ridgeview players recognized Coach Rawlins, they quickly started to get back in their vehicles and turn on their engines. Even Brayden’s muscle behind him knew it was time to leave.
“Come on, Brayden,” one of them said. “You can talk to her another time.”
My eyes never left Mahoney’s. “Over my fucking dead body,” I growled.
“What’s all this? What’s going on?” Coach Rawlins asked as he finally made his way to stand between me and Brayden. “I think you boys need to head on back to Ridgeview. Now.”
Brayden glanced up at Coach, and a smile slithered across his face. “Sure thing, Coach Rawlins.” He tried to peek around me to get a look at Mackenzie, but she was protected on all sides. However, it didn’t stop him from saying, “I’ll be seeing you around, Mackenzie.”
Everyone stood on high alert until we could no longer see the tail end of their cars or hear their revved-up motors. Once they were gone, Coach Rawlins turned around and looked at me. “I want everyone on the field in ten minutes, Maddox,” he snapped. “And then you and I are going to have a little chat after practice. Go it?”
I gave him a terse nod. “Got it, Coach.”
He walked away from me shouting, “Show’s over everyone! Get back to whatever you were doing before your lives were consumed with recording everything!” Everyone started dispersing, but a few hung back purely for gossiping purposes.
I turned around and Mackenzie was already looking up at me, and she looked scared.
I was going to kill that motherfucker.
“Charlie!” Ford stepped aside, and Charlie was being ushered into the circle. My eyes still on Mackenzie, I told Charlie, “We need to get to practice. I’ll take Mackenzie home.”
“Samson, I can take h-”
My eyes shot to hers. “No fucking way is she leaving here without me. For all I know, those assholes could be parked around the block waiting for you guys.”
“Oh,” she whispered quietly. “Uhm, okay. I…uh, I can drive-”
Raiden’s scoff interrupted her. “No way, babe,” he said. “Call your mom or whatever you need to do, because your ass is going to be sitting next to Mackenzie’s on the bleachers until we’re done.”
“You can’t tell me what to do,” she snapped up at him. And Raiden surprised us all by doing the one thing we’ve never seen him do before.
He was giving a fuck about a girl.
“So help me God, you either get your ass to the field or I will drag you myself, swear to God!”
I pulled Mackenzie into my arms.
What a fucking clusterfuck.
Chapter 11
Mackenzie~
Brayden and his team had left over half an hour ago, but I still couldn’t get my hands to stop shaking.
I never knew what I’d feel if I ever saw Brayden again, but I had felt fear. I had tried not to, but it was the first emotion that attacked me when I saw him get out of his truck and walk towards me. I knew he wouldn’t do anything with people standing around, but that hadn’t impacted my first initial reaction to seeing him again.
And then I had hidden behind Samson like a coward.
That’s what really bothered me most. I had let a guy fight a battle for me that he had no idea he was fighting. I may have made a stand when I had announced that we were broken up for good, but even after that, I let Samson push me back behind him and let Ford and Raiden protect me as well.
I also knew I was going to have to tell Samson the truth. He deserved to know. Hell, he needed to know, so he could decide if this was something he wanted to get involved with. Between Shondra’s text yesterday and Brayden showing up at Eastwood, it was clear he wasn’t done with me.
When Brayden had walked up to me and told me I was looking good, it hadn’t been a compliment. He had wanted to find me destroyed, ruined. I hadn’t been, though. And worse, I hadn’t been alone. When Brayden had finally found me, he had found me with the support of Samson Maddox and the entire Eastwood football team.
Charlie sat next to me on the bleachers as we watched the Eastwood Tigers’ football practice. I didn’t know much about football, but the coach still seemed pissed, and it looked rough out there. Charlie also hasn’t said much since Raiden went to pick her up fireman-style and she had yelled at him that she could walk. I wasn’t sure what was going on there, but it seemed intense. But Charlie having to deal with Raiden Cruz made her another person who deserved the truth. If it weren’t for me moving to Eastwood and becoming Samson Maddox’s…girl, Charlie wouldn’t have Raiden all up in her business.
“He hit me,” I finally confessed.
I could see Charlie turned to look at me through my peripheral vision. “What?”
“Brayden,” I clarified. “He would hit me sometimes. It’s why I left Ridgeview.”
“Oh, Mackenzie,” she whispered, her voice sounding as heartbroken as I used to feel.
“I started about six months before I broke up with him,” I started to explain. “I wanted to take our relationship to the next personal level and told him I wanted to…try giving him a blowjob.” I let out a hollow laugh, and leaned forward, my elbows resting on my knees, my hands intertwined with anxiety. “Can you believe it? He backhanded me for offering to give him a blow job.”
“Mack-”
“He said he wanted a girlfriend he could marry, not a whore begging for dick in her mouth,” I continued. “The worst part? I didn’t buy into his apology later. I didn’t blame myself, or think I deserved it. I put up with it for as long as I did because my mom worked for Brayden’s father in one of his hotels. Without that job, we would have had nothing.”
“Motherfucker,” Charlie hissed under her breath, and I knew she was referring to my father. Charlie knew the story. She knew her uncle had left me and my mom to fend for ourselves years ago. He did pay child support, but only because it had been court mandated during their divorce. The judge had been rather particular about child support.
“The final straw had come when I caught him cheating, and confronted him about it,” I said, continuing with my shame. I shook my head. “It had been horrible the way he talked about those girls. He said he had to get his dick wet somewhere and he wasn’t going to…sully me with the things he wanted to do. All those girls he’d been with, they were just whores and good for one thing only. That they didn’t mean anything beyond that.”
“Jesus. What a bastard.”
I nodded and turned my head to finally look at her. “He said I was too…precious to fuck.”
Charlie’s head reared back. “But you weren’t too precious to hit?”
I chuckled. “Right?” I turned my head back towards the field. “Anyway, it was the first time I ever threatened to leave him. I told him I was breaking up with him, and he lost it. Usually, his abuse was limited to the body parts I could cover up. But that time, he had flown into such a rage, he struck me in my face over, and over again.” I glanced over at her and lifted my bangs to reveal the scar. “There was no way I could hide it anymore.” I shrugged a shoulder. “And quite frankly, I didn’t want to. So, I told my mom everything, and the next day, your dad was at our house, helping us…figure it all out.”
“Does my dad know?”
I shook my head. “No. I was afraid he’d want to go to the police, and I…I wasn’t strong enough for a fight I wasn’t going to win. It would have been Brayden’s word against mine and he had the money to fight it.” I let out a deep breath. “I had just wanted to escape, Charlie. At the time, my freedom and safety were more important than justice.”
“I’m surprised your mother didn’t kill him,” she remarked.
“I’m sure she wanted to,” I huffed. “But she had chosen to let me take control of the situation, rather than control it for me. And I needed that. I needed it to be my decision.”
“Are you going to tell Samson?”
“I have to,” I told her. “Brayden showing up here changes everything.”
“Mack, Samson’s going to kill Brayden once he knows,” she said seriously. “Even if you weren’t his girlfriend at the time, Samson’s kind of psychopathic like that. You saw him earlier. He looked ready to kill Brayden just for looking at you. Once he finds out that Brayden used to abuse you? He’s going to lose his ever lovin’ mind.”
I looked back at her. “I have to tell him, Charlie,” I replied. “He has to know what he’s in for if he decides to continue to date me. I-”
Her brows shot up. “‘Decides to continue to date you’? Are you blind, Mack? Samson Maddox has never had a girlfriend before you came along. And he snatched you up on the first freakin’ day of school. Whatever you’ve done to that boy, he’s not going to let Brayden Mahoney keep you from him.”
“Do you remember the football game between Ridgeview and Eastwood last year?”
“Yeah, who doesn’t? It was the biggest brawl the teams have ever had.”
“That was the first time I’d ever seen Samson,” I told her. “And…and we had a…moment.”
“Holy Jehovah Witness,” she muttered. “You’re the reason Samson was standing out on the field after the fight. You’re the reason it took a million people to drag him back to the sidelines.”
“I think so,” I admitted. “Our meeting had been…intense.”
Charlie ran her hands down her face as I turned back towards the field again. “Well, it all makes sense now,” she mumbled. “Why Samson went after you the way he did yesterday. And why you accepted him so readily.”
“You know, a part of me thought not pressing charges would make it all go away,” I admitted. “I thought I could tuck it into the back of my mind as a long-forgotten mistake.” I dropped back on the bench. “I’m going to have to tell my mom Brayden was in Eastwood. Christ.”
“I won’t say anything,” Charlie replied. “I mean, to my mom and dad. I won’t say anything if-”
I looked over at her. “It’s okay. I’m going to tell them. I have to, Charlie. Like I said, Brayden coming here changes everything.” My head dropped back in exhaustion. “I know we’re moving out in a couple of weeks, but as long as we’re staying with you guys, everyone in the household deserves to know. For safety, if nothing else, Charlie.”
“Well, I got you,” she announced. “If that asshole thinks I won’t rip off his balls, well, then, he doesn’t know shit.”
I barked out a laugh. “Well, aren’t you a bloodthirsty wench.”
“People just don’t understand how aggressive soccer is,” she replied absently.
After a few moments of silence, as we watched the guys still practice, I said, “I think I’m going to have to let Duke, Raiden, and Ford in on my little secret, too.”
“Why?”
“Because they’re more than just Samson’s friends, Charlie,” I told her. “I’ve only been here for two days and I can see that. They’ll back Samson blindly like they did earlier when they surrounded me. They deserved to be able to make the informed choice to back Samson on this or not.”
Charlie snorted. “I don’t know what kind of guys Ridgeview is turning out, but no guy at Eastwood would stand for that shit, even if you weren’t Samson Maddox’s girlfriend.”
I ignored her comparison of the towns’ males, and instead asked, “What’s going on with you and Raiden Cruz, Charlie?”
She laughed. “Nothing I’m going to fall for, that’s for sure.”
“You don’t think he’s worth taking a chance on?”
“Hell no,” she replied incredulously. “Even if I didn’t fear that my vagina would rot off after all the girls he’s been with, senior year is the year to have fun and do me.” I just laughed and did my best to erase the visual of her vagina rotting off.
Chapter 12
Samson~
Practice had been brutal, and so had the meeting with Coach Rawlins. Apparently, I’ve been such a dick when it came to girls, that even he heard about me finally having a girlfriend. I told him the truth, of course, and he demanded full concentration and absolute focus during the upcoming season. I assured him he’d have it, and I even threw in the promise of one kidney and my spleen if I failed him.
Then there was the whole Raiden and Charlie thing. On the way to talked to Coach, I had returned Duke’s texts, letting him know everything was okay for now, but on the way back to the field after my meeting, I could hear Ford laughing, and Charlie and Raiden arguing about Camaros being overrated, of all things. I think she really just hated him and was attacking his car on principle.
Once I reached the bleachers, it was decided that I’d take Mackenzie home while Raiden and Ford would follow Charlie home. Raiden had said, as a gentleman, it was his responsibility to walk her to her door, to make sure she was safe.
Charlie had told him to go eat a dick.
“Where are we going?”
I turned down a gravel driveway that led to a clearing in the woods. It was an incredibly beautiful spot that was often used for community events. Town picnics, annual Easter egg hunt, etc. happened in the clearing, but it was also a place to get your dick sucked at night if you had nowhere else to go.
“There’s a clearing at the end of the road,” I told her. “Even if there’s people there, it’s fairly private.”
When we cleared the trees, Mackenzie leaned forward in her seat. “Oh, wow,” she breathed out. “It’s so…picturesque.”
I pulled into one of the parking slots, turned off the engine, and unbuckled my seatbelt, so I could turn to face her. I watched as she undid her seatbelt, but she didn’t look at me just yet. I studied her profile as she took a deep breath and just looked out onto the clearing.
Christ, she really was beautiful.
“Mackenzie,” I prompted.
She finally turned my way, and the sorrow in those purple orbs of hers would have sent me to my knees if I hadn’t already been sitting. “I…”
“Mackenzie, baby,” I whispered, “tell me what’s going on.”
Her lips trembling, she let out a steady breath, composing herself. “I have to say something first,” she replied. “If you decide, after I tell you everything, that…it’s too much, and you want to call it quits, I’ll understand. No hard feelings.”
Was she crazy?
She could tell me she had ten of those motherfucker’s babies, and I still wouldn’t call it quits with her. I’d just adopt them as my own, and to hell with him.
I didn’t say that, though. Mackenzie was an obvious mess, and I didn’t want to add to it. So, I simply replied, “Okay.” I stared at her as that seemed to settle her.
And then Mackenzie started speaking.
I sat in the passenger seat of my car and listened to every word she was saying, my blood turning into ice in my veins.
I sat and listened to Mackenzie retell a story that should never have happened in order to be told.
I sat and listened as silent tears streamed down her face, ashamed that she had let it go on for so long, and embarrassed that she had brought her troubles to Eastwood’s doorstep.
To my doorstep.
By the time she was finished, my body was vibrating in a fury that frightened me. I’d never felt anything like it before. I never knew I could feel anything like it, really.
She quietly wiped the tears from her face, and I just sat there, like an asshole, not knowing what to do. Oh, I knew what I wanted to do, and that was kill that sonofabitch. But I didn’t know how to help Mackenzie with her memories that would never go away.
I’d never felt so motherfucking helpless in all my life.
I wasn’t sure how long I sat there, not saying anything, but her voice finally broke the silence. “It’s okay, Samson. I understand if it’s too much. It’s a lot of drama for…teenagers. And no one wants their senior year of high school riddled with drama, right?” She started rubbing her hands over her thighs. “You know, now that I think of it, home schoo-”
“Stop.”
She was fucking breaking my heart.
“Sams-”
“Just stop, Mackenzie,” I bit out. I willed for my voice to sound soft and soothing, but I was seething inside. I was positively infuriated. I. Wanted. To. Kill. Brayden. Mahoney.
But I tried.
I tried to rein it in for Mackenzie’s sake.
“I’m not trying to come off as a dick, I promise. I’m just trying to…process,” I told her. “But while I’m processing, let me make one thing very clear, Mackenzie.” I leaned forward and looked her right in her purple eyes. “You could slaughter the entire town of Eastwood and I’d still never leave you.” Her shoulders started shaking and torturous sobs ripped from her chest.
I reached down and pulled the lever under the seat and slid all the way back. Then I reached over and pulled her over the gearshift and into my lap. Mackenzie buried her face in my neck and I just held on as she let it all out. And the entire time, I sat there plotting on how I could get away with murder. But hell, even if I did get caught, it’d be worth it.
Mackenzie was worth it.
What she made me feel was worth it.
I knew, intellectually, that mental, emotional, and physical abuse weren’t limited to adults. I knew teenagers could be just as manipulative, but I’ve never known anyone who’s been the victim of that kind of relationship.
Until now.
Mackenzie finally stopped sobbing, but I kept holding her. I still didn’t know what to say to her. I still didn’t know how to make any of this better for her. I knew I wanted to kill Mahoney, but that still wouldn’t remove the memories from her mind or the experience from her past. But moving forward, I could make sure she was safe.
“Baby?”
“Yeah?” Her voice was low and raspy from her cries.
“Starting tomorrow, I’ll be picking you up for school-”
Mackenzie pulled back and her face was a beautiful mess. “Samson, you-”
I grabbed her chin between my fingers, and my eyes locked onto hers. “Starting tomorrow, I will be picking you up for school. And get whatever you need to get to do homework while I’m at practice, because I will be driving you home, too.”
“I’m safe with Charlie driving me, Samson,” she insisted.
“It’s non-negotiable, Mackenzie,” I replied. “I can drive the both of you, but if Charlie wants to still drive herself, I can have Raiden and Ford, or even Duke follow her.”
“Look,” she began, and I already didn’t like whatever it was she was going to say, “I plan on telling my mom about today. And…and I’m going to come clean with Uncle Silas and Aunt Erin. I…it never felt right lying to them, but we’re still going to be staying with them for another couple of weeks. I think as long as we’re staying with them, they should be aware that Brayden could show up at any time. Now that he knows I’m in Eastwood, anything’s possible. Everyone will be more vigilant.” It was on the tip of my tongue to tell her to move in with me, but I knew she wouldn’t. And why in the fuck would she? We’ve only been dating for two fucking days.
“I don’t care,” I told her honestly. “If you want me to be able to sleep at night, then I’m going to have to be the one to drive you to and from school, Mackenzie. End of story.”
Her face softened, and she looked so fucking sad. “Can you understand how much of a burden I feel like, Samson?” She was fucking killing me. “First, my mom has to quit her job. And even though, Uncle Silas, Aunt Erin, and Charlie have been welcoming and wonderful, my mother had to turn to the brother of the man who abandoned us for help because we have no other family. We share a bedroom with two twin beds, Samson.” She shook her head. “And now you want to take on the responsibility of being my chauffeur because I…I…”
“Hey,” I jumped in. “Let’s get one thing straight here. If I can’t do the one thing that a man is designed to do, and that’s protect his woman, then what the fuck good am I?”
“Samson-”
“Non-negotiable, Mackenzie,” I repeated. “Non-negotiable.”
Chapter 13
Mackenzie~
The entire ordeal had been…taxing. Telling my mom that night that it had happened was different than telling Charlie and Samson all these months later. Samson, more so, because I had told him everything.
With my mom, I had been scared. I had been scared, and sorry, and regretful. With her, it had felt like I had been confessing all my sins because my decision to date Brayden, stay with him, and leave him had affected her, too. I knew she worked for his father and I had thought it was a good idea to date him anyway. Telling my mom had felt like relieving a burden and asking for help, all at the same time.
Now, with Charlie, I had felt safe telling her. I knew she wouldn’t tell anyone, and I knew she wouldn’t judge me. I knew her main concern would be for my well-being and nothing more. It had actually been easier to tell her than I had expected. And I had been right. Charlie had sat there and listened and had offered nothing but her unconditional support.
With Samson, I actually had something to lose. As I thought about that, I wondered if Karma was making its rounds in the form of Brayden for how I had continued to date Brayden after the night I met Samson. I’d had a boyfriend, but over the course of our relationship, I often thought about Samson Maddox, so what kind of girlfriend did that make me? I knew I didn’t deserve to be beaten, but the drama now might be warranted as I had often fantasized about a boy who hadn’t been my boyfriend.
And we’d only been dating two freakin’ days, but I had felt like my entire world was going to crash around me if he left me because he didn’t want to handle the drama. It had felt crazy, and quite frightening to be honest.
After he had insisted on driving me to and from school, we had discussed how he wanted to pull Raiden, Duke, and Ford into this mess. He had admitted to being just as confused as I was about whatever was between Raiden and Charlie but said it didn’t matter. The Ridgeview Eagles showing up on Eastwood grounds was enough of an offense without the details. That’s when I told him he could tell Duke, Raiden, and Ford what was really going on. It might be an extremely private situation, but if they were going to take risks for me, they should know the entire story.
And now, I was sitting in my Uncle Silas’ living room, telling him, Aunt Erin, and my mom about what happened today. Charlie was sitting next to me, and while Samson had insisted on joining us, I had told him I wanted it to just be family. Uncle Silas was sure to feel upset about us lying to him, and I didn’t think he’d want an audience for that. Samson relented only when I promised I’d call him immediately after our family pow-wow.
However, I had been wrong about Uncle Silas. He hadn’t gotten upset.
The man was bloody furious.
It took Aunt Erin twenty minutes to calm his ass down, and now we were all sitting in the living room, discussing what to do next.
“Look, Mackenzie, I’m not going to even pretend to understand what you went through and are still going through,” Uncle Silas said. “But…my struggle is with you refusing to call the police on this asshole. He hurt you, honey. Don’t you want to see him punished for it?”
“It’s not that I don’t want to see him punished, Uncle Silas,” I said again for the millionth time. “But it would be my word against his, and…if I lost? Mom’s life would have been a living hell in Ridgeview.”
He sat forward in his chair. “But you’re not in Ridgeview anymore,” he replied. “And you’re not alone in this, either.” My heart thumped painfully. My father might have turned out to be a worthless human being, but Uncle Silas was topnotch.
“I appreciate that, Uncle Silas,” I told him. “I really do, but this…if I do this, I want to do it without regret. I was a mess back in May. I would have taken him to court and lost because I was too…raw to do it right.” His face softened. “This isn’t about me punishing him. It’s about me being strong enough to do the right thing. And back then, I wasn’t.”
“And now?” Aunt Erin asked. “I mean…he came looking for you, Mack.”
“She’s right, honey,” my mom chimed in. “Brayden showing up in Eastwood is…bothersome.”
“I know,” I told her. “And I’m taking it seriously. I am. But Brayden and the Ridgeview Eagles didn’t do anything they haven’t done a million times. The rivalry between the two schools is legendary. No cop is going to take them showing up here as a serious threat.”
“Maybe we can get a restraining order?” Aunt Erin suggested. “I mean…right?”
“That’s not a bad idea,” Charlie added.
“I agree,” Uncle Silas remarked. 
“I researched that,” I admitted. “It’s not that easy. Restraining orders go on a person’s police record, and they’re public. In order for a judge to issue a restraining order, there has to be proof of misconduct. And if there isn’t, then you basically have to both go to court and it becomes a he-said/she-said situation. The judge then rules on who’s more believable.”
“So, if you’re going to have to go to court anyway, it might as well be for pressing charges,” Charlie surmised.
I looked over at her. “Exactly,” I replied. “Also…it’s painful to have to explain to a complete stranger why I didn’t call the police on Brayden that night. It makes me feel like…a liar. Like I’m automatically being judged, and I must not be telling the whole story if I didn’t press charges.”
“Christ, Mackenzie,” Uncle Silas groaned. “Please don’t think that’s what I’m doing.”
I shook my head. “No, Uncle Silas. No,” I assured him. “It’s different when it’s family. I know you guys aren’t judging me. But I also know you can’t possibly understand something like this unless you’ve been through it yourself, and…that’s where the disconnect is.”
“So, what do you want to do, honey?” my mom asked, once again, letting me be in control.
“Samson is going to drive me to and from school,” I told them. “Since I don’t have a car, I’ll never be alone anywhere. If Brayden shows up again, and approaches me specifically, I’ll let him know I have the pictures you took that night and tell him if he doesn’t leave me alone, I’ll go to the police.”
Samson had insisted on walking me to the door when he had dropped me off earlier. Then he had insisted on coming in to meet my mom. Then he had insisted on meeting my uncle and aunt. He had introduced himself as my boyfriend, and he had wanted them to be able to put a face to the name when I told them about his role in my life and his role in protecting me against Brayden.
“Is he eighteen yet?” Uncle Silas asked. “Because how about I just go kick his ass? And his father’s, too, if he decides to jump in?”
“Well, we have enough in savings for bail,” Aunt Erin murmured, and I loved them both just a little more.
“He doesn’t turn eighteen for another couple of months,” I said, breaking the news to him. “I think that was another thing that had bothered him about me. He didn’t think women should be older than their counterparts.”
“Jesus, could he be any more of a douchebag?” Charlie huffed. “I mean, it’s becoming a superpower, at this point.”
I smiled at her, then looked over at the adults. “I promise to be careful,” I told them. “And I trust Samson to hold up his end of the deal. I’ll be fine. I promise.”
Uncle Silas stood up, walked over, and hauled me up into his arms. They were tight bands wrapped around my body, and all I felt was safe and loved. Where Declan Harden failed, Silas Harden was making up for it. He was a good man, and Aunt Erin and Charlie were very lucky.
“Okay, sweet girl,” he mumbled against the top of my head. “But the first sign of trouble, you let us know, okay?”
I hugged him tight. “I will, Uncle Silas. I promise.”
I got hugs all around from him, Aunt Erin, and my mom, and afterwards, everyone retired to their rooms. I followed Charlie to hers to break the news to her about Samson’s decree. Needless to say, she didn’t take it very well.
“I don’t mean to be an insensitive asshole, but he’s after you, Mack, not me,” she reasoned. “Why do I need to be escorted by any of those idiots?”
“I’m guessing because Samson knows I’d never forgive myself if something happened to you,” I offered. “I just know that if you drive yourself, Duke or Ford and Raiden will be following you. My guess is Duke.”
She cocked her head. “Why Duke?”
I shrugged a shoulder. “Because they leave the house at the same time, maybe? I don’t know. It just makes more sense for it to be Duke.”
Charlie shook her head. “I suppose he’s not as annoying as the other two,” she grumbled. “But that’s still not saying much.”
I smiled. “If he’d just quit called me Dee, he’d be perfect.”
Charlie laughed, but then the joy quickly faded from the sound. “I hate him, you know.”
“Who? Duke?”
“No,” she chuckled. “Brayden.”
“Charlie…”
She reached across the bed and placed a hand on my leg. “It’s just hard being stuck on the sidelines, watching you lose the game, believing you can make a difference if they would just put you in.” Little did she know, I didn’t want her in the game.
I didn’t even want her anywhere near the damn field.
Chapter 14
Samson~
Duke was staring at me as if I’ve lost my mind, and I don’t know…maybe, I have.
After I had forced my way into Mackenzie’s family’s home and met everyone, I had come home, ignored Duked demands for details, and headed straight towards our home gym. It took two hours of me punching the shit out bag before I was finally able to exhaust my rage.
The worst part about it all? While my knuckles bled because of what that motherfucker had done to Mackenzie, they also bled because I could identify with the asshole. While I would never harm her, I couldn’t say I’d ever let her walk away from me if she tried. In fact, I was certain I wouldn’t let her. So, what did that make me?
Did that make me abusive? Did that make me no better than Mahoney? The questions and doubts came when I remembered the look in her eyes when I had told her to hand over her phone. I was dominating by nature. My strong personality came from having to pretty much raise Duke on my own, football, having to protect myself and Duke from people wanting access to our father’s money, and just around being a fucking man. How was I supposed to tone that down? How was I supposed to turn…me off?
I knew, logically, it wasn’t the same thing as the abuse Brayden had inflicted on Mackenzie, but I needed to find a way where I could be me and she’d love me anyway. I didn’t want Mackenzie ever confusing me with that asshole. I wanted her to be able to feel safe calling me a no-good cocksucker if I was, indeed, being a no-good cocksucker. It was a conversation we were going to have to have and have soon.
“Alright. We’re all here. Now, what the fuck is going on?” Duke asked once we all got settled in the game room. Yes, we were the type of rich that had home gyms and game rooms and a pool house.
I found myself repeating Mackenzie’s earlier sentiment. “Before I say anything, I want you guys to know that I won’t trip if any of you decide you don’t want any part of this.” I glanced around the room. Ford was sitting on the pool table, and Duke and Raiden were sitting on the couch next to it. “Mackenzie is my responsibility. I understand that, and there won’t be any hard feelings. Nothing will interfere with what we have.”
“Did you really just say that to us?”
“Fuck you, B.B.”
“Yeah, fuck you.”
I smirked. Their responses were pretty much what I had expected, although I expect Ford’s reply to contain a little more pizzazz than a simple piggyback off Duke telling me to fuck off.
I looked at the faces of the people I trusted most in the world, and with the permission Mackenzie had given me, told them all of her deepest, darkest secrets. I repeated all that she had told me as best as I could remember. I also stressed how I knew Brayden’s appearance today had nothing to do with football.
When I was done, Duke’s reaction was what took me off guard the most. Being the youngest, and the most sheltered, it was surprising to see him jump up from the couch and seethe, “I’ll fucking kill him.”
I had been standing next to the air hockey table, so I walked over to him and slapped a hand on his shoulder. “I got that part covered, Duke.”
He ignored me.
“I’ll fucking kill him. I’ll stuff his dick down his throat and make him choke on it,” he rasped out, angrier than I’ve ever seen him.
“I’m with Duke on this one,” Ford remarked.
I looked over a Raiden for his take on all this. His blue eyes looked violent, but instead of losing his shit, he ran his hands down his face in resigned frustration that we couldn’t all go out and kill the entire Ridgeview male population.
“Raid?”
He let out a deep breath, and said, “Duke can drive Ford to school from now on. I’ll start picking up Charlie. She can keep Mackenzie company on the bleachers.”
“You know she’s not going to go for that,” Ford said. “She’ll still want to drive herself.”
“I don’t really give a fuck,” Raiden shot back. “Until we got a better handle on this shit, we need to be careful.”
“I don’t disagree,” Ford snapped back. “I’m just saying that, unlike Mackenzie who happens to like Samson, I’m thinking Charlie’s going to be a tougher sell on getting rides to and from school.”
“I can drive her,” Duke said. “You can continue to drive Ford, and I’ll drive-”
“No,” Raiden bit out. “Charlie goes with me.” We all stared at him and could see he was already way in over his head with Charlie Harden.
Duke shook his head. “So, what are we going to do about Mahoney?” Then he amended his questions. “As a matter of fact, what do we do about the entire football team? Because if any of those fuckers knew, and they came with him to torment Dee, then they deserve to get their asses kicked, too.”
“She hates it when you call her that, you know,” I said, feeling the need to point that out.
“Tough shit,” he retorted. “I like calling her that.”
“We can get revenge on the team when we play them in a few weeks,” Ford suggested. “Doesn’t matter if they knew or not. They’re a team, so his ass whooping is their ass whooping.” He shrugged a shoulder. “The main concern is that none of them get close enough to Mackenzie or Charlie to do something else we’ll have to kill them for.”
“I agree,” I said. “We can kick their assess on the field.”
“Do Amelia and Alistair know?” Ford asked.
I shook my head. “No. Up until today, the only person who knew was her mother. Brayden showing up made her feel guilty enough to finally tell Charlie and Charlie’s parents.”
“Guilty?” Duke repeated.
“Yeah. Mackenzie thinks it’s possible he might start trouble now that he knows where she is, and she wanted everyone to know what they were getting into being involved with her.”
“That’s bullshit,” Raiden spat.
“I know.”
“What a fucking mess,” Duke mumbled.
“You know what really sucks?” I asked no one in particular. “I can actually sympathize with the bastard.” I shook my head and let out a hollow laugh. “I can’t say that I’d just let her go, either, if she tried.”
“That’s different. You’re not an abusive asshole,” Ford countered.
“Yeah. Not the same at all,” Duke added.
“Isn’t it, though?” I asked.
“There’s a difference in not letting a girl go because you can’t live without her and not letting her go because you need her around to abuse,” Raiden chimed in. “Besides, if every guy just let his girl go whenever she lost her shit on him, there’d be no couple around ever.” He jerked his head. “Some girls need to be reminded that they’re worth fighting for.”
“You think it can be that simple, sometimes?” Ford asked.
Raiden looked over at him. “Take Samson and Mackenzie for instance. To him, he thinks she might view his possessiveness in the same light as Mahoney’s fucked-up point of view. But what if, after being cheated on and abused, she views Samson’s protective ways as a guy who finally sees her worth and is doing whatever he can to make sure she knows it?”
“Like you and Charlie?” Duke smirked.
Raiden shot him a look. “Charlie Harden is in no danger of forgetting her worth,” he replied. “And I can admit that I don’t exactly have a plan where she’s concerned, but our drama is vastly different than what Mackenzie has going on with Mahoney.”
“It’s amazing how they’re capable of turning us into raving lunatics,” Duke grimaced, probably recalling the momentary leave of his senses when he had fallen for Lilly Montague.
“It really is pathetic,” Ford agreed, and we all looked at him with various expressions of incredulousness.
“What would you know about a girl driving someone crazy?” Raiden asked. “You’re balls-deep in pussy almost every fucking weekend, Ford.”
“You guys act like I’ve never liked a girl before,” he accused.
“You haven’t,” I argued.
He hopped of the pool table. “I don’t tell you fuckers everything, you know,” he snapped out, and three male heads titled to the side. “Okay…so, maybe, I do,” he amended. “The point is, I’ve liked a girl before, so I get it, okay?”
“I need a fucking drink,” Duke muttered.
“Yeah. Let’s go raid Dad’s office,” I replied. “Fuck a school night.”
“Yeah, okay. I’m in,” Ford agreed.
“Fuck it,” Raiden said. “Might as well. This is some heavy shit.”
We knew how to party with the best of them, but we weren’t ever extreme in it. However, Raiden was right. This was some heavy shit.
Chapter 15
Mackenzie~
Just as he said he would be, Samson showed up to take me to school this morning. All the adults had already left for work and thank God for small favors. Samson, Charlie, and I had just started walking down the walkway, me and Samson towards his car, and Charlie stepping left to head towards hers when a Camaro pulled up into the driveway, blocking her in.
Raiden Cruz had gotten out and all hell had broken loose.
Raiden had announced that he was going to start driving Charlie to and from school and she had gone all I-Am-Woman-Hear-Me-Roar on him. Then the boy done made it worse when he told her that he didn’t give a flying fuck what she thought and threw her over his shoulder and dumped her in his car, child locking the doors, so she couldn’t get out.
I was shocked they had both made it to school without battle wounds.
We had waited in the parking lot for Duke and Ford, and once they had shown up, we all headed towards the building. Samson didn’t like that I didn’t have any of them in my first and second period, but I promised him I’d be okay. People were talking about me even before Brayden showed up yesterday; if people wanted to talk, they were going to talk.
First period had gone off without a hitch. Sure, people stared and there were whispers, but I think at this point, I was getting used to it. It was hard to believe this was only the third day of school, but I knew that as long as I was dating Samson that people were going to talk. Even had I been a regular girl with an unassuming past, they’d still talk. Samson Maddox was going to be in the NFL one day. He was popular, athletic, and too gorgeous to look at. The confirmed rumors that he’s never had a girlfriend before were another reason people were going to talk.
“You must really think you’re something special, huh?” I had been walking towards the back where I’ve sat the past two days when those words had me spinning around to look into the face of Phyllis Montague.
Flippin’ great.
I knew what she meant, and I knew what this was. I also knew that because I’d been keeping my head down and because I had let Samson rescue me from Brayden yesterday that a lot of these students probably thought I was weak. But I wasn’t weak. I was tired. And there was a difference.
I had spent months enduring emotional, mental, and physical abuse because I’d been worried my mother would lose her job. I had spent the past three months getting used to living with my uncle and worried about Mom finding a new job. Now, I was at a new school, with new rules, a new boyfriend, and new friends. I was tired. I wasn’t weak.
And I needed to let these people know that.
“No,” I replied. “I actually don’t think I’m special.” I smirked. “But I know someone who does.”
Her lip curled and she truly looked ugly for someone who was so pretty. Phyllis Montague had that sandy-blonde hair that danced between dark blonde and light brown. She had big, brown eyes, a perfect complexion, and a bangin’ figure. She was also reputed to be smart and confident. I was the last person she should feel threatened by. Of course, I had the one thing she didn’t.
“Oh, you think it’s cute to have two boys fighting over you?” she accused.
“Phyllis, you really need to mind your own business,” I told her. “None of this is any of your concern.”
Then she started reaching. “Samson Maddox is our star quarterback,” she huffed. “The last thing Eastwood needs is for him to get hurt or suspended because you can’t make up your mind who you want to date.” She tossed that uniquely-colored hair over her shoulder. “As a student who’s been class president and is an advocate of this school, it is my business.”
“Just to be clear, Phyllis, I’m not making up my mind on who I want to date,” I replied. “As I’m sure every video that’s been uploaded on social media since yesterday shows, you can clearly hear me telling Brayden that I am dating Samson. Brayden and I broke up back in May.” People were gathering around and pulling out their phones. “As for Samson, how about we ask him in sixth period what he thinks about his possible suspension or injuries, yeah?”
“Ms. Harden and Ms. Montague, please take your seats and save the high school drama for break or lunch,” Mrs. Vegas reprimanded loud enough to cause some chuckles. “Better yet, why don’t you just dispense with it altogether and concentrate on getting your educations.”
I leaned over and looked towards the front of the class. “Of course, Mrs. Vegas.”
Phyllis turned around and her voice was sickeningly sweet as she said, “Of course, Mrs. Vegas. Mackenzie and I were just discussing the importance of our football team and team spirit.”
I gotta give the teacher credit here; she wasn’t fooled. “Uh, uh,” she muttered. “Well, all the same, save it for after class.”
Everyone finished taking their seats, and as soon as my ass hit the chair, my phone vibrated with an incoming text.

Charlie: U ok? Just got a text about Phyllis n ur face.

Me: She’s mean-girling. She wants Samson

Charlie: Duh. She’s been after him 4 years

Me: She said I need 2 make up my mind who I’m dating

Charlie: Tell her 2 go eat a dick

I stifled my laugh and looked up really quick. Mrs. Vegas was writing some stuff on the board, but I knew she was going to officially start class soon.

Me: Class starting. TTYL

Charlie: C u @ break

I was about to exit out of my texts when my phone vibrated again. Samson’s name popped up with a text message. Well, I guess not technically Samson’s name. When he had programmed his number in my phone yesterday, he had entered it as ‘Boyfriend’.

Boyfriend: Drama?

Me: Nothing I can’t handle

Boyfriend: U sure?

Me: Yep

Boyfriend: Okay. C u soon

A part of me wanted to be that girl and send him a heart emoji, but we’ve only been dating three days. Sure, this thing between us has been going on a lot longer than that, but I didn’t want to start appearing clingy or too affectionate or insane.
The last thing I wanted to do was confuse lust with love. I’ve never downplayed the visceral reaction I had to Samson the night I met him, but I also never downplayed how attractive he was. The boy was over six-foot and built like a god. His dark brown hair made those hazel eyes pop and he was just fucking gorgeous. I had been attracted to him from the beginning and I didn’t want to forget that. Love and lust were two very separate things, and just because I wanted to jump him like a spider monkey didn’t mean I was going to start throwing the L-word around.
It’s been three days.
That was another thing. It’s been three days, and Samson’s yet to kiss me. He’s held my hand and has planted soft kisses on my forehead or the side of my face, but he hasn’t even kissed me yet. It had me wondering why. It had me worried why. I had no reservations about giving Samson my virginity right away. It wasn’t that I was content to just toss it to whoever caught it, but after Brayden’s insistence at keeping me pure for morbid egotistical reasons, I wanted to experience passion. I wanted to experience it with Samson. I wanted to have sex with Samson Maddox.
And, yes, only after three days.
Chapter 16
Samson~
It was hard to believe it’s only been three fucking days, and I’ve been involved in more shit than I have in the three prior years at Eastwood High.
If that bullshit with Mahoney wasn’t enough, Phyllis actually tried to get crazy with Mackenzie. So, yeah, sure, I hadn’t expected her to run out of sixth period crying after I called her a desperate tramp willing to pimp out her own sister to get laid, but I hadn’t been lying.
Mackenzie had censured me in front of everyone after Phyllis had run out crying, but I had just smiled. It had settled the uneasiness in my chest when Mackenzie showed she was secure enough and brave enough to call me out in front of everyone.
Mahoney hadn’t broken her after all.
And now we were walking through the front door of my house. I had wanted my parents to meet Mackenzie, but Duke and I had gotten texts during second period that Dad was flying Mom to Napa for a day of wine tasting and a romantic evening for two.
It was fucking Wednesday, for Christ’s sake.
But even if she couldn’t meet them today, I had still wanted to invite her over. I had wanted her to be comfortable in my home and with just stopping by.
When we stepped into the foyer, Mackenzie had joked, “We should probably schedule a tour for this weekend.” She glanced around. “Looks like a tour might be an all-day affair.”
I grabbed her hand. “Come on, smart ass.” She laughed but followed.
The ‘tour’ took about an hour, but that was because I gave her a tour of the grounds, too. We hit up the pool house, the pond, and Duke’s batting cage. Our house was a typical two-story…not quite a mansion, but close enough. The house didn’t have a lot of rooms, but the rooms it did have were huge. Everything in this house was spacious like a sonofabitch.
“Are you hungry?” I asked her when we came back in from the back. “I can make you something.”
Mackenzie smiled at me. “You cook?”
I shrugged. “My parents are gone a lot. Someone had to feed Duke.”
Those purple eyes saw so fucking much in that one statement that Mackenzie nodded once and moved on. “Not really,” she answered. “But if you’re hungry, I have no problem hanging out in the kitchen.”
My chest thumped with an emotion I couldn’t identify. Guilt? I wasn’t sure. All I knew was that Mackenzie had entrusted me with her deepest secrets and I was glossing over the details of my life.
I didn’t like that.
“Tell you what,” I said. “It’s close to dinnertime, so I’ll cook enough for you, me, and Duke for when he gets home, and you can sit there while I tell you what it’s like to be a Maddox.”
“Samson, you don’t have to-”
“I want to, Mackenzie,” I assured her. She gave me a tentative smile but sat down at the kitchen island anyway.
An hour later, dinner had been cooked, served, eaten, and stored away for Duke, and I had told Mackenzie all about how I practically raised Duke on my own because my parents were so in love with each other, it bordered on neglect.
And like the girl she was, Mackenzie thought it was sweet that my dad loved my mom so much. She had even made the comment about how she couldn’t imagine someone loving her like that.
I snorted.
The fucking girl didn’t have a clue.
“What time do you have to be home?” I asked her as I set the dishwasher.
“Once I turned eighteen, my mom said she felt ridiculous imposing a curfew on me. But I still try to respect the fact that I’m still in school and live under her roof. Or…Uncle Silas’ roof,” she said. “We get to move into our own place next weekend.”
“So….is nine too late?” I looked at the clock on the kitchen wall and it was already close to seven. With football practice running past four, the tour of the house, and dinner, it was pretty late for a school night.
“No. Nine’s fine,” she said. “I have my own key and Mom’s sleeps like the dead. Even then, Charlie and I don’t usually turn in until ten, or so. Her parents are rather laxed as long as she’s not fucking up.”
My hand reached out and Mackenzie automatically grabbed my hand in hers. She knew where my bedroom was from the tour, so she didn’t ask where we were going as we went up the steps. We entered my bedroom and I shut the door behind her as she asked, “Where’s Duke?”
“With Ford,” I replied. “Ford sometimes needs to babysit his seven-year-old sisters, and Duke likes to help him.”
Mackenzie’s face lit up. “Really?”
“Duke loves kids,” I told her. “He wants a million of them.” I let out a laugh. “I think that’s why he wants to go pro so badly, so he can afford to have a million kids.”
“Is he good enough to go pro?” she asked.
I nodded. “Yeah, he is,” I said, the pride evident in my voice.
Having already toured my bedroom, Mackenzie took a seat on my bed, and my knees almost buckled at the sight.
She looked like she belonged there.
Every day.
Forever.
Mackenzie looked up at me and her purple eyes were taking me in. “Can I ask you something?” she said, her voice soft but strong.
“Sure,” I answered, walking over to stand in front of her. I had a raised California King bed, so even though Mackenzie was sitting down, her head still reached my chest.
“Why haven’t you kissed me?” she asked, surprising me. I would have thought with everything she’s been through that she’d be gun shy about making things physical between us. And, yes, a kiss would be physical.
“The truth?” She nodded. “Because I’m afraid that if I kiss you, I won’t be able to stop with just a kiss. And even if it wasn’t that we’ve only been together for three days, after everything you’ve been through, I didn’t want to rush you.” Her purple eyes flared with heat, and I wanted to curse the fucking Heavens. I was trying to do the fucking right thing here.
“You’re scared to kiss me,” she whispered in awe.
“Fuck yeah, I am,” I admitted. “I’ve been obsessed with you for over a year. I can’t remember a time when I didn’t want you.”
“Obsessed?”
I stepped closer until she had to spread her legs to accommodate me. She planted her hands behind her to support her weight as she leaned back. “Do you want to know what I did after the night I first saw you?” She nodded. “I spent the following week fucking any girl that was game in an attempt to try to get you out of my mind.” Her eyes dropped, but she needed to hear the truth. I reached down and grabbed her chin with my fingers. Forcing those purple eyes on mine, I said, “It didn’t work, Mackenzie. Nothing fucking worked. Nothing and no one consumed my mind the way you did. Not even football.”
“Sams-”
“I am fucking obsessed with you, Mackenzie Harden,” I told her. “I’ve been out of my mind obsessed with you since the night I first saw you. The only reason I never did anything about it was because I’m not a poacher. I don’t go after girls who have boyfriends. Not only would I not do that to another guy, but I don’t need or want that kind of drama.”
“But I’m yours now,” she pointed out.
“Yes, you are,” I agreed. “But I meant what I said, Mackenzie. I’ve wanted you for so long, I don’t think I can stop with just a kiss. If I touch you like that, I’m going to want to fuck you until your voice breaks from screaming my name.” Her breath hitched and I wanted to punch myself in the face.
It’s been killing me not being able to touch her. The chaste pecks on her forehead and hand holding have been bad enough, but to kiss the girl?
Jesus fucking Christ.
Mackenzie started biting her lower lip nervously. “What, baby?”
“I’m…I know you know that I’m a…virgin, right?”
I nodded. During her recount of their relationship, that was the only thing I was grateful to that asshole for. I was thankful he was so whacked in the head that he hadn’t slept with her. His need to have a virginal wife on his wedding day was my fucking reward. “Yeah.”
“Samson, I don’t want to be one anymore,” she whispered.
Well, fuck.
Chapter 17
Mackenzie~
I felt like my heart was going to beat out of my chest.
I also felt like I might be behaving like a bit of a tramp.
Here, Samson was explaining how he wanted to go slow and give me time, and instead of commending him and being thankful that I had such a considerate boyfriend, I was throwing my virginity at him at full speed.
“Mackenzie-”
I stood up, forcing him to have to take a step back. I looked up at him and hoped he could see what I was feeling. “Don’t, Samson,” I pleaded. “Please, don’t tell me I don’t know what I want. I know what I want. Don’t tell me it’s too soon or…we need more time, because I feel the same way you do. I might not have been obsessed with you like you were with me, but I felt you that night. I felt you and I thought of you often. And I felt it again when you cornered me on the first day of school. I feel it whenever you look at me. I feel it now. Don’t tell me I don’t want this; that I don’t want you.”
He took my face in his hands and the boy looked tortured. “Mackenzie, I want to fuck you,” he told me, his voice strained and rough. “I’ve done nothing but fuck my fist for over a year with your face in my mind and your name on my lips. If I get you naked in my bed, I’m going to want to pour a year’s worth of frustration inside your pussy. And I’m fucking terrified that I’ll spoil it for you because I can’t control myself.”
“But that’s what I want.”
Samson shook his head. “No, it’s not, baby,” he replied. “You want soft, sweet, and romantic. Trust me on this.”
I shook my head back at him. “No, I don’t,” I countered. “I want you.”
His forehead dropped to mine. He sounded like he was in agony. “Baby, I need you to be sure. For the love of God, please be sure.”
I wrapped my arms around his neck. “I’m sure, Samson,” I promised. “I’ve never been more sure of anything else in my life. I want to know what it feels like to be wanted by a guy who sees no one else but me.” He let out a low growl, and the next thing I knew, Samson’s hands were tangled in my hair, and his mouth was on mine.
My entire body shivered.
The kiss was brutal and messy. His tongue found its way inside my mouth, and his teeth were marking my lips. Our sharp breaths were the only thing you could hear in the room as Samson kissed me like a starving man.
I broke off the kiss and grabbed the hem of his shirt. With his help, it was pulled over his head and Samson Maddox stood in front of me in just his jeans.
Holy crap.
Samson Maddox was exquisite.
I ran my hands over his chest, and the valley and ridges felt like they could cut glass. “You’re beautiful,” I breathed, not totally believing he was mine.
“Not even close,” he denied as he reached for my shirt.
My cry turned into a moan as Samson yanked my shirt open and sent buttons flying across the room. He pushed the fabric over my shoulders, and it fell to a puddle at my feet as I stood before Samson in my bra and jeans. My head fell back, and my eyes closed when he reached up and cupped my left breast. I had a large chest, so my bras were more utilitarian than they were pretty, but that didn’t stop Samson from letting out a deep groan.
“Kick off your sandals,” he said, and I did. Once they were kicked aside, Samson reached for the button on my jeans and said, “Take your bra off, baby, while I get rid of these.”
I reached back and unhooked my bra, letting it fall down my arms. I flung it aside as I stepped out of my clothes. When Samson stood back up, I was standing before him completely naked.
It was the most intimidating moment of my life.
After he looked his filled, his hazel eyes locked onto mine, and what I saw there was an affirmation that I never need worry about how Samson felt about me. He confirmed it when he said, “You’re the most beautiful, sexiest thing I’ve ever seen, Mackenzie.”
“Samson…”
His hands started at my waist and they were large and warm as they traveled up my sides until they were both cupping my breasts. His fingers closed around my erect nipples and my eyes fell closed in the pleasure.
I moaned.
When I felt his breath on my stomach, I looked down. Samson was on his knees, his face aligned with my most private secrets. “Samson?”
“I can’t wait to eat your pussy, baby,” he rasped out, his voice making my knees go weak. He stood up and jerk his chin towards the bed. “Get on the bed and spread your legs.” My face turned warm with embarrassment. I might have wanted this, but I wasn’t used to blatant sexuality.
But I did what I was told.
I sat on the edge of the bed and scooted back until my head was resting on the pillows. My eyes never left Samson’s as his hands went for the button on his jeans. “Spread them, Mackenzie,” he commanded, and I did.
I could hear his growl all the way from where he stood at the foot of the bed, and it embolden me. I let my knees drop and I opened myself up to Samson with more confidence than I ever thought possible. And then Samson pushed his jeans and boxers down and it really was unfair for one person to possess so many amazing attributes.
“You’re huge,” I blurted out, then quickly averted my eyes, sexiness and bravery all gone.
Samson didn’t say anything, but I felt the mattress dip as he crawled his naked body over mine. Warmth covered me and the weight of his body felt decadent as he settled between my legs. His lips came down on mine and my embarrassment evaporated. Being kissed with a naked male body on top of you was a completely different sensation than a kiss fully clothed.
His lips began a trail down my neck, and I could feel my legs widen of their own accord. I knew where he was heading and what he was going to do but knowing it and experiencing was like living in two separate realities. I closed my eyes and let my mind go. I left fear and nervousness at the door and just focused on the pleasure his hands and lips were creating.
When Samson reached my breasts, he growled and feasted on them. It felt as if he were desperate to gather as much of the flesh into his hands as he could. And when his mouth closed over one of my nipples, my back arched, my hands threaded in his dark hair, and I let out low moan.
The pleasure was indescribable.
“Samson…”
“Shh, baby,” he murmured against my aching pebble. “Lay back and let me make you feel good.” His voice was deep, rough, and made my entire body shiver. I let him continue feasting on my body, and as he continued to make his way downward, anticipation skyrocketed with each kiss leading south.
A small part of me worried about what he saw. I wasn’t a slim girl. I had curves, but they weren’t taunt, toned curves. They were soft and ample. I wasn’t athletic or gym oriented. I was what some people would refer to as thick or voluptuous. But with Samson’s body being rock hard and in its prime, it was bit intimidating.
However, all insecurities vanished when Samson’s face was finally nestled in between my thighs, and his fingers pulled me apart. I was just falling into the mouth of pleasure when Samson’s tongue licked my folds from my pussy to my clit. My hands tangled in his hair and his name was like a prayer falling from my lips. “Samson…”
His breath was hot, and I could feel the vibrations from his voice caress every sensitive piece of flesh. “God, your pussy tastes amazing,” he groaned. “Fuck, baby. I’ve been waiting forever to taste this cunt of yours.” My body clenched and his coarse words were working their magic on my body.
“So good…” I whispered. I never imagined anything could feel so seductive.
Samson slipped two fingers inside my opening and I thought I would die from the pleasure. His fingers slid in deep until he couldn’t go any further. “Fuck, your pussy’s tight,” he rasped. “I’m going to disgrace myself and cum as soon as I get my dick inside you, baby.”
I didn’t care.
I knew if our first time was less than perfect there’d be other chances to make up for it. And I knew he would. I knew Samson wouldn’t let me leave his bed until I was thoroughly and utterly satisfied. Just like I was trying to erase everything before Samson claimed me for himself, he was trying to do the same thing.
There was only us.
Me and Samson.
I let the pleasure from his tongue, lips, and fingers take over and I surrendered to whatever this boy wanted to do to me. The dueling sensations from his fingers and tongue robbed me of all coherent thought. All I could do was feel him.
Everywhere.
Soon, my body began to tighten. I knew what was coming. There were many nights when I had yearned for what I had been missing that I had slipped my hand down my panties and had brought myself to completion. However, those times felt nothing like this. The pressure was mounting, and I was going to lose it all over Samson’s face. “Samson, I’m…”
“Yeah, baby,” he coaxed. “Give it to me. Cum on face.” My hands twisted in his hair and my body erupted in wave, after wave of hot, white desire. But it hadn’t ended there. Samson gave me only a minute, or so before his tongue found its target again. By the time his third assault shook my body, I couldn’t take it anymore. I had to beg him to stop.
Samson kissed his way back up my body, his face leaving a trail of my juices as my muscles clenched and trembled in the aftermath of the three orgasms that he had just given me. I felt drunk and heady. I felt like I was floating in a fog of sexual bliss.
Samson braced himself on his elbows and said, “Look at me, Mackenzie.” My eyes fluttered open, but the second they landed on his heated, hazel gaze, he whispered, “I love you,” and he slammed his entire length into my unused body.
I screamed.
My back bowed, and I screamed.
Even as wet as I was from his earlier ministrations, Samson’s cock was huge. I hadn’t exactly measured it, but when he’d been standing beside the bed when he had first undressed, his harden cock had bounced free, hitting his washboard abs, hitting way above his bellybutton. It had also appeared as thick and imposing.
“Shh, baby,” Samson cooed in my ear. “I know it hurts, but just…relax.”
My hands fisted in the comforter. I knew it was supposed to hurt, but I never expected the impact of the searing pain. It felt like he had ripped me open. But I knew we couldn’t stay like this. “I…I need you to move, Samson,” I pleaded. “I need you to make it feel good.” He let out a deep groan above me, but he listened to my pleas.
Samson pulled back and the pinching sensation subsided. But then he pushed back in, and even though it no longer pinched, I still felt full and tender. “Fuck, Mackenzie, your pussy feels so fucking good, baby. It’s like a vise clamped on my cock.”
“Keep going,” I breathed. “Please, Samson…”
“Fuck,” he hissed, but complied. His thrusts picked up in a tempo as old as time, and when he braced himself on his palms and looked over my exposed body, want crash through me at his dirty words. “I can’t wait for you to ride my cock, baby,” he grunted. “I want those big tits bouncing in my face as you take every inch of my dick.”
“Yes,” was the only word that left my lips. I wanted whatever he wanted. I wanted to give him whatever he wanted, so he could do the same.
“I’m not going to last much longer,” he warned. “Tell me what you need, Mackenzie.”
I looked into his hazel eyes and felt no embarrassment when I said, “Keep talking. Tell me everything you want to do to me.” The pain was subsiding, but I needed to fall back into that safe haven of pleasure to cum again.
Samson’s breathing picked up and his voice sounded strained and harsh. “Oh, baby, there isn’t anything that I’m not going to do to you,” he said between each forceful thrust. “I’m going to slide inside your perfect pussy every fucking day, Mackenzie. I don’t care how sore you are.” I moaned in agreement with his plans. “I’ll never get enough of you.”
“Samson, harder,” I begged, not caring how sore I’ll be tomorrow either. “Please…”
He came down on his elbows, then reached between us, his fingers expertly playing with my sensitive clit. “Cum for me, baby.” His thrust got harder and deeper, and when his fingers pinched my clit, I erupted all over him.
My entire body on fire.
“Samson!”
“Fuck, yeah,” he panted. “Cum on my cock, baby.” My body twitching and holding his hostage, Samson followed right behind me.
Two hours later, he was dropping me off at home, and I hated leaving his bed.
Chapter 18
Samson~
Taking Mackenzie home last night had been a nightmare for me. After letting me fuck her a second time, all I had wanted was for her to curl up in my arms and fall asleep with me until my alarm went off for school this morning, but we couldn’t. I had to get her home and it had sucked. The only thing that helped was that my bed sheets had smelled like her when I got back into bed.
I also hadn’t planned on sliding inside her a second time last night. The first time had been painful, even if I ended up making her cum through the discomfort. But when we had laid in each other’s arms after the first time, Mackenzie had shyly mentioned that she’s never given a blowjob and she really wanted to know what I tasted like.
That had really fucked me up.
As much as I hadn’t wanted to think about her relationship with Brayden in those moments, I needed to know just how virgin she was. We had talked, and from the answers-non-answers she had given me, it seemed as if all she and Mahoney had done was some heavy kissing and petting. Her pussy had been virgin, her mouth had been virgin, and for right now, her ass was virgin. That had also been the first time her pussy’s ever been eaten and I had silently congratulated myself for making her cum three times on my face for her first time. No wonder her clit had been so sensitive after the third time.
She hadn’t asked about my past, but then she hadn’t needed to. We both knew I hadn’t been a virgin and it was strange how that bothered me more than it should have. We didn’t live in a fairy tale world, and I was a healthy teenage male. She was only going to get two firsts from me, and she had already gotten one last night. I’ve never fucked a girl without a condom, and I had given no thought to protection last night. I felt safe with Mackenzie because she had been a virgin, and I knew I was as safe as can be because all athletes at Eastwood had physicals yearly. And seeing as how I hadn’t fucked a girl in over a year and since my last physical, I hadn’t been concerned.
Pregnancy, on the other hand…
Mackenzie had assured me that she was on the shot because she had really believed as she and Brayden had gotten more serious that things would escalate. They hadn’t, but she kept up on her birth control anyway. I had silently thanked God that one of us was being responsible enough.
The other first would be anal. I’ve never cared enough about a girl to take the time and consideration it would take for anal sex to be pleasurable for both parties, so I never bothered. But I wanted it all with Mackenzie. I wanted to experience everything with her. And my first thought this morning when she answered the front door wearing a skirt was that we were going to have another first when I fucked her at school because I wouldn’t be able to take it.
Her wardrobe all made sense when I had opened the car door for her, and I caught her wince when she sat down. Mackenzie was sore and jeans would have been too restricting.
The ride to school had been silent, but comfortable. It felt as if we’d been doing this forever and being in each other’s company was enough. We didn’t need to engage in banal chitchat to fill any awkward silence.
It had felt fucking great.
When I pulled my car into my designated spot, I turned off the ignition, got out, and walked around to open the door for Mackenzie. She grimaced in a silent thank you for my help and I smiled. I loved that she was sore and tender because of me.
I grabbed her hand and we walked over to where Charlie was screeching at Raiden. “I just don’t understand why not?”
“What’s going on?” Mackenzie asked.
Charlie looked over at her. “I came up with this great plan of loaning my car to Ford while all of this is going on. That way, he can pick me up every morning and take me home. Duke can go about his business and Raiden can go about his.” Everyone went silent at the announcement of her plan. She was basically telling everyone she’d rather give up her car to Ford than ride with Raiden every day.
Ouch.
After a few awkward seconds, Mackenzie cleared her throat and said, “How ‘bout you just ride with me and Samson? And…and if-”
I looked over at Raiden, and even if I didn’t know what was going on between the two of them, I was on Raiden’s side. “That’s not going to work, Mackenzie,” I told her.
She looked over at me “Why not?”
All conversation stopped when Raiden pinned Charlie up against the passenger side of his car. He had her chin trapped between his fingers, and he looked pissed. “I’m getting really tired of your shit, Charlie,” he snarled down at her. “I’m your ride until I decided otherwise. And if you think a ride to and from school is bad enough, keep it up, and I will become your fucking shadow.”
“Get your hands off me, Raiden,” Charlie bit out.
And then, in front of us all, while still holding Charlie’s chin in his right hand, Raiden ran his left hand down her neck and over her chest until it rested on her hip. “Tell me to get my hands off you again, Charlie,” he taunted.
“Ooooooooooookay,” Duke jumped in, wiggling his way between Raiden and Charlie. “No time for possible sexual assault charges this morning. We got to get to first period.”
Raiden smirked, but picked his backpack off the ground and headed towards the building. Ford just shook his head in either amazement or resignation, I wasn’t sure. But he, too, headed to class. Duke glanced my way, but then followed in Ford’s wake.
When it was just me and the girls, Charlie looked over at me. “What is his problem, Samson?”
I shrugged. I wasn’t going to speculate or speak for Raiden when I wasn’t sure what to say. Raiden was his own man. Instead, I asked, “Why do you dislike him so much?”
She let out sigh. “I don’t…dislike him, per se,” she grumbled. “I just don’t…we’re not friends, Samson. We’ve never been friends,” she corrected. “I don’t think I’ve spoken to any of you more than a handful of times since we’ve been going to school together.” I tried not to wince. “Suddenly, you’re all loved-up with Mack and I’m supposed to pretend we’re friends of some sort. I’m supposed to let Ford make jokes at my expense, let Duke walk me to my classes, and let Raiden run my life?” Charlie shook her head. “I don’t think so.”
“Charlie-”
“Mack, I’m not trying to be a dick,” she said, interrupting. “I’m really not. I’m happy for you if you’re happy with Samson.” Charlie looked at me. “I’m not trying to bad-mouth your friends or…sabotage what you have going on with Mackenzie. But I’m also not going to let Raiden Cruz play with me because I’m in convenient proximity.” I did wince this time. She made it sound so bad. “And that’s exactly what he’s doing, Samson, and you know it.”
“I don’t know that,” I said, correcting her misconception.
“Regardless,” she said, not really caring about my opinion, “Raiden Cruz has fucked damn near every girl at this school without even looking at me twice before now.” She tightened her bag strap over her shoulder. “He can continue to just keep doing that.” She turned and headed towards class before either me or Mackenzie could comment.
“Wow,” Mackenzie mumbled.
“Yeah. Wow,” I agreed. I looked down at her and she was looking at Charlie making her way towards the building. I put my arm around her and said, “How about we agree to mind our own damn business where those two are concerned?”
“I couldn’t agree more,” she replied. “I’m slightly confused on who to root for anyway.” Then she looked up at me and grinned. “I mean, of course, I have Charlie’s back, but…I’m thinking her speech might have been a little harsh.”
“She’s not necessarily wrong, though,” I pointed out.
“No, but…”
“But?”
Her smile fell, and she looked a little forlorn. “I see the way Raiden looks at her sometimes. I think he might really like her.”
I already knew he did, but he just didn’t know what to do about it. It was our year to start making plans for the future. I could see Raiden being uneasy about starting something serious with someone who he’d might have to end up saying goodbye to when we graduated. The only reason that hadn’t been a concern for me was because if Mackenzie couldn’t follow me to my college of choice, then I had no problem following her. I was already in love with Mackenzie, so the choice was easy. Raiden still had time to save himself. Although, from the way he had her pinned up against the car, I’d say he was losing the fight.
“Come on. Let’s get to class,” I said, kissing Mackenzie on her head.
“Yeah. Let’s,” she sighed.
Chapter 19
Mackenzie~
The rest of day sucked.
Charlie was tenser than a tightrope, and Raiden was radiating anger in waves. Samson had told us during lunch that there was no practice after school today because the J.V. team was going to scrimmage and they needed the entire field, so we were going to have to witness another blow up between Raiden and Charlie again when all three boys would be available to drive us home. And when Samson had found us during P.E. to tell us the coach had called for a quick fifteen-minute meeting, Charlie had just rolled her eyes and walked off. Now I was hanging out by her locker, waiting for her. When my phone rang and I saw her name flash across the screen, I braced myself for her sour mood.
“Charl-”
“Here’s what you’re going to do-”
My body froze.
“Br…Brayden?”
“Hi, Mackenzie,” he said, his voice oozing with malice. “Miss me, darlin’?”
“What’s going on? Where’s Charlie? Why do you have her phone?”
“It’s simple,” he replied. “Your cousin is keeping us company. For how long, depends on you.” It felt as if I’d been sucker punched. A part of me wanted to call his bluff, but he was calling me from Charlie’s phone.
“What is wrong with you, Brayden?” I hissed. “Have you lost your mind?”
“The day you left me, Mackenzie,” he snapped into the phone. “Now, here’s what you’re going to do. Do you know where the March cutoff is leaving Eastwood?”
“No,” I bit out. “I…I don’t have a car, Brayden. I’ve never driven around the town.”
“Well, you have GPS on your phone, so that works just as well,” he replied flippantly.
“Did you hear the part where I said I don’t have a car?”
“I don’t give a fuck!” he yelled into the phone. “But you better find one, Mackenzie, or so help me God, I’ll turn this sweet thing over to the entire football team.” My hands began to sweat, and bile threatened to rise from the pit of my stomach. “I want you here in twenty minutes, Mackenzie, or your cousin will be split from pussy to asshole.”
“Brayden!”
“Come alone, Mackenzie.”
“Brayden, I need more than twenty minutes,” I pleaded, panic threatening to take over. “I…I need to find a car I can borrow if you expect me to go alone.”
“Borrow your boyfriend’s,” he said snidely. “I’m sure he’d be more than happy to lend you whatever he has.”
“Samson will ask questions,” I reasoned. Think Mackenzie. “I…my friend, Amelia, she has a car. Let me…let me find her. But…but Brayden I need more than twenty minutes.”
He was silent for a bit, but finally relented. “Text this number when you get your hands on a car and we’ll go from there.”
I let out a painful breath. I couldn’t believe this was happening. I couldn’t believe Brayden has basically resorted to abducting my cousin to gain my attention. This crap didn’t happen in real life. I knew in the end I was going to have to call the police, but until then, I needed to make sure Charlie was safe first.
“Let me talk to Charlie,” I insisted. “Before I do anything, Brayden, let me talk to Charlie.”
“Sure,” he easily replied, and that worried me.
The second Charlie’s voice came over the phone, relief threatened to buckle my knees. It wasn’t until she spoke that my heart felt lodged in my throat. “I’m so sorry, Mack,” she rushed out. “I…I-”
“What happened?”
“I…I convinced Alistair to give me a ride home,” she cried. “I’m so sorry. They…were waiting on Sycamore, right before we turn to go home, and there was a…nails or-”
“Charlie, are you okay?”
She started quietly weeping. “They jumped Alistair,” she whispered painfully. “I…you have to check on Alistair, Mack.”
“I will. I promise.”
“Mack, he…fought,” she rasped out. “He tried… he tried so hard…”
My heart was racing a mile a minute. I was in over my head. Images of a beaten Alistair had me fighting for air. Then guilt was there to take me under when it occurred to me that this wouldn’t be happening had I called the police on Brayden back in May.
“I’m coming, Charlie,” I promised. “Put…put Brayden back on the phone.”
A few seconds later, Brayden’s voice echoed in my ear. “You have twenty minutes to get your hands on a car, Mackenzie. Not a minute later.” He hung up on me, and I knew I hadn’t a second to spare.
I ran to the boys’ locker room. This wasn’t a Lifetime Original Movie, and I wasn’t that stupid woman who went off by herself, against the odds, because she thought she was a badass ninja or superhero. But I also didn’t want to get the grownups involved until Charlie was safe.
I pushed the door to the Eastwood locker room open and ran inside. My sudden appearance had boys crying out like virgin maidens all over the place.
“Holy shit!”
“What the fuck?!”
“Girl!”
“Incoming!”
“Maddox!”
My head was whipping back and forth through the aisles until I saw Samson, Ford, and Raiden. Samson had just turned his head when someone had called out his name. Thank God they were all clothed.
His eyes bugged out when he saw me. “Mackenzie?”
“Oh, thank God,” I rushed out as he reached for me.
“What’s wrong, baby?”
I was trying to catch my breath, but fear, anxiety, and lack of exercise had me damn near ready to pass out. “Samson…”
His hands tightened on my arms. “Mackenzie, what’s wrong?”
“Mackenzie?” I glanced at Raiden saying my name, and my knees almost buckled.
Raiden.
My eyes squeezed shut and I shook my head, trying to collect myself. When I opened them, I looked up at Samson, and said, “Brayden’s got Charlie.”
All three males froze.
“What?” Ford asked. “What did you say?”
I looked up at Raiden as I answered Ford. “Brayden has Charlie with him.”
“Baby, what do you mean?” Samson asked.
I finally tore my gaze from Raiden’s. I glanced around but saw nothing but half-naked boys. “We need to go talk somewhere.”
The guys gathered their things and lockers slammed shut before ushering me out of the boys’ locker room. Once we made it outside, Samson led us towards the back of the gym. As soon as we had some privacy, I took a deep breath and composed myself enough to tell them what happened. “I was waiting by Charlie’s locker for her when my phone rang with her caller I.D.,” I rushed out. “I answered the phone and…and it was…it was Brayden on the other end.”
“Motherfucker,” Ford bit out.
“What else?” Samson prompted. “Tell us exactly what happened, Mackenzie.”
“He told me I had twenty minutes to get a car. I’m supposed to text him when I have one, and then meet him at the March cutoff. I’m supposed to go alone.”
“He wants you in exchange for Charlie?” Samson asked.
I nodded. “I…I got to talk to her, and she told me that she had convinced Alistair to give her a ride home, and she made me promise to check on him because…they jumped him to get to Charlie.” My voice broke with that news.
Samson looked at Ford. “Call Duke. We’ll need his Range Rover.” He looked back at me. “How long did he give you until after you secure a car?”
“Another twenty minutes,” I told him. “Is the March cutoff far?”
He shook his head. “No. So, we’ve got time.”
I grabbed onto his arms. “Samson, he said…he said if I was even a minute late…” I looked over at Raiden. “He…he was going to hand Charlie over to the football team.”
And that’s when Raiden Cruz lost his shit.
Chapter 20
Samson~
Ford had dropped his phone and Mackenzie had to pick it up to finished telling Duke that we needed him. It took the both of us to keep Raiden pinned to the wall.
I wanted to kill Brayden Mahoney for what he had done to Mackenzie, but taking Charlie took this fucked-up situation to a whole other level.
When Raiden finally came back to reality, Duke had shown up just as Raiden was telling me, “I’m going to fucking kill him.”
“We need to call the fucking police,” Duke snapped. “This shit is serious.”
“Okay, okay, okay,” Ford rushed out. “Let’s think about this for a minute.”
“Fuck that,” Raiden growled. “We got-what? Fifteen, ten minutes now?”
“Look, right now, Charlie is the priority, right?” We all nodded at Ford’s assessment. “However, the only thing we can get him on is beating up Alistair. And that’s even if he participated. If his team is with him and it was his team and not him, then he’s cleared of that.”
“What about Charlie?” Mackenzie jumped in. “That’s kidnapping.”
Ford looked at her, and though I knew he hadn’t meant to, he hit her with some harsh truth. “Samson told us what happened between you and Brayden, Mackenzie. And what was the reason you gave for not reporting him?”
Her voice cracked with her answer. “It’d be his word against mine, and he had enough money to make it lean in his favor.”
“But we have Alistair to substantiate Charlie’s claim of kidnapping,” I chimed in.
“We do,” Ford agreed. “But are we going to bet Charlie’s wellbeing on the police and that they’ll get to the March cutoff in time?” Everyone was quiet on that point, but our silent answers were unanimous. We weren’t trusting Charlie’s wellbeing to anyone but us.
“Okay,” Raiden said, finally getting himself together. “We can’t let Mackenzie go alone, but we have to make sure we’re not seen.”
“My car is the only car big enough to hide us all in the back,” Duke said. “The windows are tinted, and it has the dash cam.”
Mackenzie looked at him. “Why do you have a dash cam?”
“Last year, some hustler tried to pull Mom into an insurance scam by throwing herself in front of Mom’s car,” Duke explained. “Luckily, there were cameras in the intersection, but Dad had been so pissed, he installed dash cams in all the family cars. Samson’s new car came with one already.”
“Eight fucking minutes,” Raiden barked.
“Let’s walk and talk,” I said, grabbing Mackenzie’s hand. “Okay. So, we’ll hide in the back, but you have to make sure to park in a way that the car is facing where Brayden and Charlie are, Mackenzie.”
“Okay.”
“When you get out of the car, make sure your phone is on and you have your live video feed going.”
She shook her head. “I don’t have any activated social media feeds,” she said. “I closed all my accounts hoping to avoid Brayden.”
“You can use my phone,” Duke said. “I’ll turn it on and set if for you when we get near the March cutoff.”
We’d just reached the parking lot when Mackenzie pulled out her phone. She looked at Raiden when she said, “We only have five minutes. I have to send the text.” He gave her a tight nod, and Mackenzie fired off a text to Brayden, letting him know she managed to secure a vehicle.
And Raiden looked like he was going to lose his shit again.
When she looked up at me, panic in those purple eyes of hers, she asked, “What if Charlie’s not with him? He said he’d give her to the football team. What if they have her?”
Raiden’s snarl was loud, but I ignored it. “Then you do like they do in the movies, Mackenzie. You demand to see her.”
“If it’s a you for her thing, she’ll be with him,” Ford said, sounding more confident than any of us felt.
“We’ll also call the police at the same time I hand you my phone,” Duke added. “We need to get enough on Mahoney that he’s put away from a long time. As much as it pains me to admit, you’re right Mackenzie. It’s hard to go up against money when it’s a he-said/she-said situation.”
Mackenzie’s phone chimed with Brayden’s reply.
“What’d that motherfucker say?” Ford asked.

Charlie: U got 20 mins darlin

I reached for the driver’s side door of Duke’s Range Rover when Mackenzie’s voice stopped me. “What if he has someone watching?” All our heads swiveled around. We strained our necks and eyes to see if we saw anyone who didn’t belong.
“No,” Ford said. “If someone was watching us and reporting to Mahoney that we were with you, his text would have said much more.”
“At any rate, it doesn’t matter,” I replied. “It’s a chance we have to take. There’s no way in fuck that I’m letting you leave here by yourself, Mackenzie.”
“Come on,” Duke jumped in. “We’re wasting time.”
I helped Mackenzie in the car and Duke gave her a quick rundown of the controls while he programmed the March cutoff in the GPS. Raiden and Ford crammed their way into the back of the car, while me and Duke were going to have to make do in the backseat.
Soon, Mackenzie was pulling out of the school parking lot and we were on our way. A few minutes down the road, Mackenzie made a point none of us males wanted to acknowledge. “If…if I’m recording everything live…none of you…none of you can get out of the car and hurt Brayden.”
Raiden’s replied was quick and absolute. “The fuck we can’t. I’m going to kill that motherfucker.”
“If any of you guys hurt him, then it takes away from our credibility,” she remarked, frustration lacing ever word.
“That’s not true,” Duke replied. “I think kicking his ass adds more credibility. Dee, no guy with a set of balls would let their girl get threatened by another guy. If Samson, Raiden, Ford, or me don’t go after Mahoney, then how serious could the supposed kidnapping and abuse be?”
“He’s got a point,” I said from where I was laid out on the floor. Duke was laying across the backseat and Raiden and Ford were ying-yanged in the back where Duke’s baseball bag was. “The police won’t believe the seriousness of all this if we pretend to be calm and understanding. Hell, Makenzie, no man alive wouldn’t avenge his woman.”
“You and Charlie aren’t even mine and I want to kill Mahoney,” Ford said from the back of the car. “I can’t imagine what Samson and Raiden are feeling.”
Ford’s comment had me thinking about what I was feeling in this moment. I tried to put a word to my emotions, but nothing seemed adequate. Anger, rage, fury, lividness…none of them seemed strong enough to convey what I was feeling. The burning in my chest was like a live thing, threatening to consume me. I wanted to avenge Mackenzie for everything that asshole had ever put her through. I wanted to avenge her for what he was putting her through now. I wanted to really kill the sonofabitch. But right now, Brayden had Charlie, and Raiden’s need for vengeance was probably bigger than mine. Whatever was between them, Brayden had the only girl who has ever meant anything to Raiden. It was going to be race to the finish line to see which one of us got to him first.
Mackenzie’s phone chimed with an incoming text. “Shit, shit, shit,” she muttered.
“Hand it over,” I told her. She tossed it over the seat and the fucking thing landed too close to my nutsack for my liking. I pulled up her texts.

Charlie: 5 mins.

My hands shook a little. The adrenaline was real, and it was laced with a deep hatred for Brayden Mahoney. I shot off a text and made sure to make mistakes, so he would think Mackenzie was driving and texting.

Me: In way slmist there

As soon as I pressed send, the GPS announced that in one-point-five-miles we’ll be reaching the March cutoff.
“Okay. I’m going to set up my phone, Dee,” Duke said. “Just remember to make sure to park facing Mahoney and record him with the phone.”
Show time.
Chapter 21
Mackenzie~
I pulled off to the side of the road, my hands trembling and my stomach threatening to push up everything inside it. Even the guys in the back didn’t help with my nerves.
Duke’s phone was sitting on my lap, recording already, as I shot a text to Brayden.

Me: I’m here

I took some deep breaths as my leg bounced and waited for his reply. Looking around, it looked very small-town welcoming. That was, until you noticed the dirt path that led into a thicket of trees right before the freeway came into view. My mind went straight to serial killers when my phone rang.
I answered immediately, but I answered on speaker. “Brayden?”
“Whose car did you borrow?”
“My…my new friend, Amelia,” I lied. “She…knows I don’t have a ride because of football practice. I told her I’d have her car back to her by the time practice was over.”
“And she believed you? She just let you have her car like that?” Brayden wasn’t a complete idiot, and I needed to remember that.
“Her brother plays football. That’s how I met her,” I kept lying. “She has to wait for him to give him a ride home, so…she’s stuck at school anyway. I told her Charlie’s car broke down and she needed help.”
“And Maddox?” His voice took on a hard edge and I could only hope he wouldn’t take it out on Charlie.
“He was already on the practice field when you called me.”
“Turn onto the dirt path on your right,” he said. “Go down about half a mile. There’s a clearing. That’s where we’ll be.”
“Brayden, wait!”
“What, Mackenzie?”
“How…how did you know Charlie was with Alistair?” I asked, the question hovering in the back of my mind all this time.
He laughed.
He honest-to-goodness laughed, and it made me want to strangle him with my bare hands.
“I didn’t,” he finally answered. “I had been on the lookout for her car, but one of the guys who was looking out for you called and said they spotted your cousin. I threw the spikes out and thought, what better way to lure you to me instead of me having to fight my way through your boyfriend to get to you.”
“Why…Charlie said you guys beat Alistair up. Why? Why’d you have to do that?”
“Because the stupid fucker can’t count,” he snapped.
“Can’t count?” I asked confused. “What do you mean?”
“There were six of us ready to…convince you to come with me,” Brayden chuckled like a goddamn evil villain. “Instead of calculating the odds, he thought he could take us all on.” Alistair. “Gotta hand it to the guy, he fought like hell. But what do you do against four football players?”
I ignored his boasting. “Let me talk to Charlie again.”
“You’re trying my patience, Mackenzie,” he replied.
“I’m not driving down that path until you let me speak to her, Brayden,” I demanded, all false bravado.
He was quiet for a second before saying, “You’re lucky I think you’re worth all this trouble, darlin’. But I know just the way you can make it up to me.” I didn’t comment, nor did I want to. But it was only a couple of seconds before Charlie was on the phone again.
“Mack?”
My chest felt like it’d been kicked in with relief. “Charlie,” I breathed. “Are you still okay?”
“I am,” she answered. “But, Mack? You don’t have to do this, you know.”
Tears fell.
I couldn’t stop them.
“There’s no way in hell I’m letting that asshole off the hook, Charlie,” I told her. “And there’s no way I’d repay your parents by not doing this trade.”
“Macke-”
“Tell Brayden I’m on my way,” I said, stopping her and hanging up before I lost my shit.
The guys had been deathly quiet, but the second I hung up, I handed Duke my phone and he called the police. I drove down the dirt path as Duke explained everything.
When I came up to the clearing he was talking about, I saw Brayden standing next to a make-shift bench. The place looked like it’s been used for a few teenage parties before, but more importantly, Charlie was standing next to him.
I came to a stop, making sure that the car’s front end faced where Brayden stood. I noticed two cars off to the side with a few Ridgeview players leaning up against them. They were smiling and laughing, like this was all some sort of prank. I wondered how much they knew of the truth behind what Brayden was doing. Were they onboard with this because they thought this was just a football prank between Ridgeview and Eastwood, or did they know Brayden used to beat me and this stemmed from pure personal jealousy?
I reached for the door handle praying Brayden was underestimating me. I was hoping he still believed I was weak and malleable. I was hoping he thought I was still scared of him enough that I would blindly listen to him and come alone.
But I wasn’t that stupid girl who got killed in the movie.
I pulled the door handle and mumbled, “There are two cars on the right. Five guys standing next to them, Brayden is in the clearing with Charlie.”
“Mackenzie?” Samson’s voice was low, but strong.
“Yeah?”
“No matter what happens, I got you, okay?”
“Okay.” I was hoping for a declaration of love, but I also understood now wasn’t the time.
I pushed the door open and stepped outside. I held the phone up and let everyone know I was recording them. “Charlie!” I yelled across the clearing.
Brayden laughed. “You think I give a shit that you’re recording this?”
“I’m live-streaming it, you asshole!” I kept walking, eating up the space between us.
“What exactly are you live-streaming?” he scoffed. “A bunch of friends hanging out?”
“Come on, Charlie.” I ignored Brayden’s taunts. “Get in the car.”
Charlie started walking, and when we reached each other, I handed her the phone. Low enough for her ears only, I said, “Get in the car, but keep recording.”
“No” she replied. “I’m not leaving you.”
I hugged her, so it wouldn’t look suspicious. “The guys are in the car. As soon as you’re inside, they’re jumping out.” I pulled back. “Go,” I mouthed.
I turned back towards Brayden and kept walking. I needed him to think I was abiding by our agreement. However, I did slow my steps up. I wanted to remain at a safe distance when the guys came out running.
I let out a deep breath when I heard the car door open and close shut. Not a second later, the sounds of doors opening and slamming shut echoed throughout the clearing. Footsteps thundered, and I turned around in time to see Duke and Ford running towards the guys by the cars and Samson and Raiden running towards Brayden.
Not being a complete fool, Brayden ran towards his friends, hoping their numbers would fall in their favor since there was six of them. But something told me numbers wouldn’t matter in this fight.
The sickening sound of the first hit rang across the clearing, and soon, all you could see was a melee of ten guys, their fists flying, and blood decorating the dirt and dead grass under their feet.
I jumped when Charlie touched my arm. I looked over at her, and she was still live streaming, but her face was pale, and her hand was shaking.
I knew we should probably go back to the car and lock ourselves in for safety’s sake, but I couldn’t make myself leave. Even though they didn’t need our help, I needed our guys to know I didn’t turn and run. However, it was painful to stand helplessly by as Ford took on two guys at once. Samson was exchanging blows with Brayden, while Duke was holding his own with one guy, and Raiden was fighting off two, like Ford.
“Mackenzie, we have to do something,” Charlie said, her voice tight. “We-”
“The cops are on their way, Charlie,” I told her. “We called them once Brayden told me to come down the dirt path.”
“There’s six of them, Mack,” she almost screeched. “If we jump in that evens the numbers.” I turned to look at her, and that’s when I realized she was truly scared. She had sounded tough on the phone, but the fact of the matter was that she’d been taken after they beat up Alistair. Of course, she was a mess.
“Charlie, if we jump in that…that brawl, we’ll be doing more harm than good,” I replied, hoping like hell that I sounded like I knew what I was talking about. “All we’d be doing is dividing their attention.”
She nodded, then looked back over. “Oh, God,” she whispered.
I looked over and I saw two guys on Duke. Samson must have seen it, too, because he ran from a wavering Brayden and didn’t stop until he was pulling one of the guys off Duke. The sight took me back to the night I first saw Samson, but this was more violent. There were no helmets or shoulder pads to protect them. This was a flesh-on-flesh assault.
A loud crack of thunder turned my head and I saw one boy hit the ground as Ford raged above him. He didn’t bask in his knockout, though. Ford quickly focused all his attention on the second guy he’d been fighting. Ford was as powerful as he was big.
Then another guy dropped at Duke’s feet, and that’s when police sirens penetrated the air. No one stopped fighting, though. And then I watched as Raiden took notice of Samson fighting someone who wasn’t Brayden. I heard Charlie gasp next to me as Raiden shoved the guy he was fighting aside and went after my ex-boyfriend.
Everything was a blur with the sounds of flesh pounding flesh, and I didn’t even look back as the sirens got louder. I stood, transfixed, as Samson, Ford, and Duke just knew they needed to save Raiden more than they needed to still fight a battle they’d already won.
My body began to tremble as I watched Samson, Ford, and Duke all pulling Raiden off Brayden’s limp body. “Let’s go,” I cried, and we rushed forward.
Charlie threw Duke’s phone down as threw herself in front of Raiden. “Raiden!” she screamed. “Raiden, please stop. Stop!” He had been on his way to killing Brayden, and none of us wanted that. Oh, we all wanted him to pay, but none of us wanted to see Raiden go to prison for life.
Raiden snapped out of his murderous rage and he pulled Charlie into his arms, wrapping her tight, and she let him. “Fuck,” he breathed out.
I took in all four boys and they were a bloody mess. I turned when I heard car doors opening and closing, and a couple of the guys were jumping in their cars, trying to save themselves. But they wouldn’t get far. Three police cruisers were already emerging from the dirt path, blocking the only way out.
Samson wrapped his arms around me from behind and I turned around and held on. I could feel Samson’s heart thundering under my cheek, and it sounded like it matched mine. I closed my eyes and reveled in the few seconds we had. The police were going to start barking orders and I knew Charlie and I would be separated from the guys.
“Everyone, step away from each other!” came the first command. I reluctantly stepped away from Samson, and I saw Charlie pulled out of Raiden’s embrace.
I counted four patrol cars and a total of eight cops as they descended upon us all. Three cops approached us, and the lone female officer said, “Ladies, I need you to come with me.”
It didn’t matter that we’d done nothing wrong. I was nervous and scared, and I just wanted to stay with Samson. But I didn’t argue. Charlie made her way over to me and we followed her.
Two steps in, Charlie exclaimed, “Oh, the phone!’ She turned and rushed over to where she had dropped Duke’s phone. When she ran back, she held up the phone and told the officer, “It was all recorded.”
“There’s a dash cam in the Range Rover, too,” I added. “It’s all there.”
“And that guy,” Charlie pointed towards a moaning Brayden, “he’s got my phone. It has the text messages he sent.”
“Okay, ladies,” she said softy, “let’s head over here and you can tell me what happened.”
We went to stand near one of the police cars, and there, Charlie told her everything that happened from when they disabled Alistair’s car and beat him up. After she was done with her recount of the events, I had joined in and told her what happened from the time Brayden had called me from Charlie’s phone.
I wanted, so badly, to hear what was being said to the boys, but I knew my absolute cooperation was needed to make sure none of them got in trouble. Sure, the Ridgeview players had rushed into the fight just like the guys had, but I wasn’t sure what the laws were for mutual combat. These days, everyone was so delicate and sensitive, this entire thing could escalate quickly. The only blessing I could think of was that Samson and Duke’s parents had money. I knew they’d get the boys all good lawyers if they had to.
It took two hours for everything to come out. While all ten boys either sat or stood handcuffed, the live stream was viewed by all the cops, and Duke even pulled up the video feed from the dash cam on his phone, so they could view it.
And three hours later, Brayden, Kevin Diamond, and Marshall James had all been arrested.
Chapter 22
Samson~
We had barely escaped being arrested, and that had been attributed to a few reasons. One, the cops could count. It was six against four, so there was no way that Brayden and his followers could claim self-defense. Two, Charlie was able to get ahold of Alistair and he had still been at the hospital getting checked out. He had confirmed that Charlie had been legit kidnapped. Three, the dash cam and live stream clearly showed both sides rushing each other. We hadn’t sucker punched anyone or snuck up from behind. Yeah, Ridgeview might be stupid, but they hadn’t shied away from the fight. I imagine it was because they had thought the numbers were in their favor. Four, Mackenzie had given them a recap of her relationship with Brayden and had showed them her scar as proof. And, finally, when they had started reading Kevin Diamond his Miranda Rights, he had quickly began to throw Mahoney under the bus, and pretty much collaborated everything we had told the police.
An ambulance also had to be called because of the two Ridgeview players that had been knocked out. After we’d all been attended to, we’d left the police with all our information and promised to be available for any further questioning. Even though it wasn’t right, mine and Duke’s last name, and being star athletes at Eastwood, had helped us in this case. Our cops were Eastwood born and bred and they were probably more inclined to listen to our side in all this.
Once we were allowed to leave, we all crammed into Duke’s Range Rover, Charlie perched on Raiden’s lap, and we had headed straight to Eastwood Memorial to check on Alistair. The staff wouldn’t let us back because we weren’t family, but he was released within twenty minutes of us showing up, and he looked awful when he walked-or rather, hobbled-into the waiting room with Amelia at his side.
The girls had rushed forward and had fawned all over him, while we stood back and let him collect himself. I didn’t know Alistair Brown very well, but he’d always seemed like a decent guy. We’d never had any problems with him, and now we were just grateful to him.
Amelia had promised to see him home, and after helping her get Alistair into her car, I had called a tow truck company and had made arrangements for Alistair’s car to be towed and have the tires changed out. It was the least I could do for the beating he took on Charlie’s behalf. Now, we were all at my place, sitting in the den, watching all the parentals lose their shit for the past twenty minutes.
My parents had miraculously kept their word and had kept their romantic trip to just overnight and had returned earlier while me and Duke had been in school, so they were here, too.
Ford’s mom, Heather, and stepfather, Roy, were here, and they had brought the twins, Rachel and Tally, who we had ushered into the game room. They’ve been to our house before and knew exactly where the game room was and how to have fun in there.
Raiden’s parents were also here, and Mrs. Cruz had been doing her best to keep Mr. Cruz from driving to Ridgewood and burning the entire town to ashes. Martin and Kathy Cruz had no other children, so Raiden was their pride and joy. Raiden was a good guy with a promising future, and Martin Cruz was livid that Raiden’s life plans had been put at risk over some rich, pompous assholes.
Charlie’s parents and Mackenzie’s mom were the hardest to face and deal with. When I had forced my way into their lives last night, I had promised them that their girls were safe with me. I assured them that Charlie and Mackenzie would be looked after and that they had nothing to fear.
And fucking look at us now.
“I know who William Mahoney is,” my father seethed to no one in particular. “And I don’t give a fuck how much money he has. I will see his son buried by the time I’m done.”
“There’s no way those assholes are buying their way out of this,” Mr. Harden added. “To kidnap my baby…fuck that. Fuck them.”
Charlie had been sitting next to her mother on one of the couches, while Mackenzie had remained tucked under my arm by the fireplace. I glanced around the room and knew I had to own up to my failures. “This is all my fault,” I said, Mackenzie tensing in my arms. “I promised the girls would be safe, and…I…failed.”
Mackenzie stepped to stand in front of me. Her purple eyes were glassy, and I knew she was hurting for me. “Samson-”
Before she could say anything more, Charlie’s voice interrupted. “It’s not your fault, Samson.” She stood up and looked around the room. Her voice sounded strained and regretful as she confessed her sins. “I…I didn’t take the threat seriously enough. And…and I was…oh, God, this is all my fault.”
“No, it’s not, honey,” Erin Harden remarked, trying to soothe her only child.
“It is, Mom,” Charlie argued. “I…I got mad at Raiden this morning, and…I was mad at him. And instead of doing the safe, responsible thing, I convinced Alistair to give me a ride home. I did it out of spite and stubbornness, and it got Alistair sent to the hospital and put Raiden, Samson, Ford, and Duke in a dangerous spot.” Tears were streaming down her face as she told all. “I…I’m so sorry,” she cried. “I’m so, so sorry.”
No one said a word, and no one commented when Raiden walked over and pulled Charlie into his arms. I knew all the parents had to be confused, because as far as anyone knew, Raiden and Charlie weren’t a couple. Hell, we were all confused by the relationship-non-relationship these two had going, so I knew our parents didn’t know what to make of her confession or the way Raiden held her.
It was fucking awkward.
But then Mackenzie turned around and said, “Actually, it’s all my fault.”
“Mackenzie-”
“No, Mom,” she said, and I wrapped my right arm around her waist and pulled her to me. Her back hit my front, and she laid her arms over mine. “If I had reported Brayden the first time that he ever hit me, he never would have been bold enough to do what he did.”
“You don’t know that, Mack,” Silas Harden replied.
“Yes, I do, Uncle Silas,” she argued. “If I had gone to the police and made what he did to me public, he would have had to watch himself. There’s no way he would have continued with what he was doing.”
“Mackenzie, sweetheart, abusive men are unpredictable. No one can say what this kid, Brayden, would or wouldn’t have done had you reported him,” Mrs. Freeman, Ford’s mother, interjected.
“His father could have just bought the problem away, and then what? He’s free to kill you?” Mrs. Cruz added. “It happens, you know.”
“Mackenzie, you’re talking about a boy who feels so entitled that he thought he could kidnap someone,” my dad remarked. “You showed us the video. He didn’t even flinch when he knew you were recording him.” My dad shook his head. “Reporting him to the police without something substantial enough to put him behind bars could have led to a whole lot worse.”
Mackenzie stepped out of my arms. “What’s worse than Charlie being kidnapped, Alistair ending up in the hospital, and all the guys risking their futures?” she shrieked. Her purple eyes beseeching and racing around the room. “And it’s not even over,” she added. “Now we have court appearances and…oh, God, the video was live. Everyone who’s anyone has seen the video by now. If people weren’t already staring and whispering about me before, this is definitely enough to put me in the spotlight.”
“Macken-”
She whirled around and shot Ford a withering look. “I’m Ridgeview, Ford,” she snapped. “I come here, and in the first goddamn week of school, I’m embraced by the most popular boys in school and caused a fight between rival teams. You think these people aren’t going to blame me or hate me more than they already do?” Mackenzie was spiraling and I didn’t know how to help her.
Guilt was a motherfucker, and we were all feeling it. Mackenzie for not reporting Brayden. Charlie for not being more careful. Me for failing to keep the girls safe. And I knew Raiden, Ford, and Duke were drowning in the same guilt as I was. Men’s only purpose was to protect.
“Look, as far as I’m concerned, there’s only one person responsible for all this, and that’s Brayden Mahoney,” my father said. “And I’m going to make sure he fucking pays for it.”
“Samson-”
My dad looked down at my mom where she was sitting on one of the armchairs. “If I have to spend every cent that we have to make sure that boy and his family have learned their lesson on how to treat people, I’m going to do it, Clara,” he told her. “You don’t fucking treat women like that.”
My mother looked up at him and gave him a small, tentative smile. “I know, Samson,” she said softly, trying to calm my father. “I was just going to suggest maybe a counseling option for the girls.” My dad reached down and pulled my mother into his arms, and he didn’t care who was in the room. This subject was obviously hard for him. It was hard for all of us.
“It’s late,” Ford’s mom said. “Why don’t the kids all stay home tomorrow since it’s Friday, and we can all get together Saturday to talk some more.” Agreements were muttered all around room, and everyone started to say their goodbyes. However, I told both my parents and Mrs. Kingston that I wanted Mackenzie to stay the night with me. I was surprised when they all agreed it’d be okay.
But then they must have known I was barely hanging on by a thread.
Chapter 23
Mackenzie~
I was surprised when my mom and Samson’s parents agreed to let me spend the night here. But then they were probably worried Samson would run off and murder the entire Mahoney family if they didn’t. Plus, my mom wasn’t stupid or naïve. She knew I probably needed the comforting that only my boyfriend could give me.
There was comfort you got from your parents and comfort you got from your siblings. There’s also the comfort you got from your friends and concerned adults. But then there’s the comfort you got from the person you loved and who loved you. That’s a different kind of comfort and support. It’s the kind that can make you believe that everything really will be alright.
Now I was dressed in one of Samson’s t-shirts, sitting on his bed, watching him undress for bed. “You know, your parents seemed very casual about all this,” I remarked.
“My parents aren’t hypocrites,” he replied. “They know they’re…a bit neglectful. They know I’ve been raising myself and Duke without them for years. They’re not going to start diligent parenting now that I’m eighteen and don’t really need it.”
“It’s still not a good look,” I muttered. “I can’t imagine what they’re thinking about me.” That thought had been beating me up since everyone had arrived this evening. I showed up in Samson’s life only a few days ago and have caused him more problems than he’s probably had in his entire life. And now I was spending the night in his bed, and I hadn’t even pretended to put up any modest objections. I let the decision be made and I had followed Samson up to his bedroom without a word of protest. Not to mention his house was huge. There were plenty of guest bedrooms that I could have chosen from, but I hadn’t.
Samson came and sat down next to me, his chest and feet bare with only his jeans on, and I had no idea what was wrong with me. But the sight of his bruises and scrapes had my core clenching in pure female appreciation.
It was hard to concentrate.
“Mackenzie, my parents know about you,” Samson said, surprising me.
“What?”
“A couple of months after I saw you at the game that night, my mom had casually mentioned that she had a friend with a great daughter she’d like me to meet. My mother thought we’d make a good couple.” My chest hurt with a jealous pang that I knew was ridiculous. “That’s when I told her I’d already met the girl I was going to marry and to, please, don’t set me up with anyone.”
My heart started racing. “You told her that?”
He nodded. “I told her the truth, too,” he added. “I told her how I met you, who you were, that you had a boyfriend, and that I didn’t know how I was going to survive you, but I would figure something out.”
“Samson…” My voice was barely audible with how much emotion was assailing me. Maybe it was his words, maybe it was the adrenaline crash, maybe I was just a mess, but whatever it was, it felt like my emotions were swirling all around me.
“The second I found out you were going to Eastwood, I sent her a text telling her I finally got you. She’d been worried for me that I’d never find happiness if it wasn’t with you, so I texted her to ease her mind.”
I reached out and touched one of the bruises on his chest. “This whole thing is such a mess,” I muttered sadly. “And no matter what anyone says, I know this is all my fault.”
Samson reached over and pulled me onto his lap. I was straddling him with only his t-shirt and my panties, and I started to ache. I knew his parents and brother were in the house, but I didn’t care. I got comfortable and wanted what would come next.
“Here’s what I don’t think you understand, Mackenzie,” he said, his large hands warming my skin as they ran up my thighs to stop on my hips. “The fighting isn’t your fault. The fighting will never be your fault. Because I gotta warn you, baby, I’ll lay any motherfucker out for so much as looking at you too long.”
I choked out a laugh. “Samson, behave.”
He pulled me closer. “I’m serious, Mackenzie.” His hazel eyes were serious as they peered into mine. “Yeah, a lot of this was about Mahoney, but a lot of it was still about me, and what I feel for you.” His brows drew down over those hypnotic eyes of his. “I’ve waited my entire life to love you, Mackenzie. If you think I won’t swing fists at any asshole who thinks he can take you from me, you’re very, very mistaken, baby.”
I knew I should be advocating against his penchant for violence, but it was turning me on to hear him talk about how he’d stop at nothing to keep me his. It was turning me on to hear him tell me how much he wanted me, and how long he’s loved me.
I ran my hips across his lap, and he let out a low moan. “Mackenzie…”
I brought my arms up and circled my hands around his neck. “I know your parents are home and your-”
His hands tightened on my hips. “I don’t give a flying fuck about my parents or my brother, Mackenzie,” he said, his reply gritty and rough. “One, their bedrooms are far enough away that it doesn’t matter how loud you scream with my cock inside you.” Heat curled in my stomach. “Second, my parents are probably already expecting it of us.”
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” I mumbled.
“Mackenzie, as much as I don’t want to talk about my parents when my dick is hard and pressed up against your pussy, I can tell you that my father is probably mentally demanding I claim you tonight after some other bastard dared to go after you. My father is a firm believer in love and protection. In fact, he probably would have been disappointed in me had I not insisted you spend the night with me.”
This gorgeous boy was mine, and he kept making me fall deeper and deeper in love with him every time he opened his mouth. “I want to feel embarrassed, but I don’t,” I confessed. “I want you, Samson.”
He lifted my hips, and I braced my weight on my knees as Samson undid his jeans and shoved his clothes down and past his thighs. I looked down and his dick was rock hard and pulsing. I reached down and positioned his hot heat where I needed it. And as he pulled my panties to the side, I lowered my body onto his and the painful stretch was just what I needed to drown out all the events from today.
“Fuck,” he hissed when my ass hit the top of his thighs. “Your pussy feels tighter than it did yesterday.”
I pulled his face to my chest. “It’s because I’m sore and swollen.”
“If you think that’s going to make me stop or make me go easy on you, you’re wrong,” he said right before taking one of my nipples into his mouth through his shirt, making me moan.
“I don’t want you to go easy on me,” I rasped out. “I want everything that you gave me yesterday.”
His hands immediately went to the hem of his shirt that I was wearing, and he pulled it over my head. “God, I love how your big tits bounce, baby,” he murmured around my nipple.
My hips began to move, needing to feel more. “I love the way you feel,” I rushed out. “I never thought I could feel this way.”
Samson laid on his back taking me down with him. His hips thrust upward as I came down on him. “These fucking things are in my way,” Samson growled right before he ripped my panties apart. They hung dangling on my high, but they were out of the way like he needed. “Now, ride my cock, baby.”
I braced my hands on his hard chest, not caring that he was bruised, or that he might be in pain, and bounced on his hardness and chased that feeling I now knew only he could give me. “Yes,” I moaned, my head thrown back.
Samson reached up, cupped the back of my neck, and forced my head back down. “No way, Mackenzie,” he panted. “I want those purple eyes on me when you cum all over my dick.”
I groaned and my body clenched. “Samson…”
I was supposed to be riding him, but he was doing most of the work as he kept thrusting hard inside me. “I’ll never get enough of you, Mackenzie,” he swore. “Never.”
“Please, Samson…”
He grabbed my hips and flipped me over. Now his large body was covering me, his thrust more powerful than before. “Please, what?” He paused as I used my feet to push his pants further down his legs, so that he was just as naked as I was.
“Please, everything,” I said, not making sense but praying he understood.
His hand slid underneath my body and he anchored his hand over my shoulder, holding me in place, forcing my body to take every inch of his invasion. I let out a painful whimper, and he didn’t care. “Take it, baby,” he grunted. “Take every fucking inch of this cock. The only one you’ll ever feel.”
That did it.
His promises of forever had my body exploding all over him. “Samson!”
“Fucking perfect,” he groaned as he rode me through my orgasm and didn’t stop.
He didn’t stop until I started crying and begged him to.
Chapter 24
Samson~
I came while she was screaming and crying and begging me to stop, and it had been the most powerful release I’ve ever felt in my life.
I had wanted to ask what the tears were for, but Mackenzie had passed out and I hadn’t felt like disrupting her with questions she was probably too emotionally exhausted to answer anyway. I also knew her begging had been because she couldn’t articulate what she’d been feeling. And I should probably feel like a heel because I hadn’t stopped when the first tear fell, but I’d been feeling some type of way about how she was letting me possess her body.
Everything that made me a male had risen to claim Mackenzie as my own. I knew, mentally, that she was mine. I knew she was solid, and we were in this together, but another guy had wanted her. Another guy had gone after her. Another guy had wanted to take her from me. Hell, that same guy still wanted her. I was sure of it. There was no way my parents, her mother, my brother…anyone was going to keep me from spending the night inside her. Even her brother, the Marine, had he been here.
I stared down at the beautiful sleeping girl in my bed and I suddenly viewed my father in a different light. Mackenzie and I had only been dating for a few days, and even if I have been in love with her for over a year, she hadn’t been mine during that time. We didn’t have twenty years of history. We didn’t have two children together. We had four days and a year of pent-up emotions, and I’d been ready to commit murder for her.
I ran my hands down my face and took a deep breath. I needed some space before I woke her up and buried myself inside her sore body again.
I climbed out of bed, threw some sweats on, and padded my way to the kitchen for some water. What I really wanted was something stronger, but I wasn’t about to drink like I was legal with both my parents at home.
I was surprised to find my dad sitting at the kitchen island in the dark. There was enough light filtering through the window from the security lights outside but that was it.
His eyes followed me as I headed towards the fridge to grab a water. “Do you want one?”
“Sure,” he said lightly. “Although I could use something stronger.”
I grabbed the waters and sat down next to him, placing his in front of him. “I’m down.”
My dad chuckled. “And I’d seriously offer if I didn’t think your mother would kill me for getting you drunk.”
I uncapped my water. “Who said anything about getting drunk?”
“I’m willing to risk a lot of things in life, but upsetting your mother isn’t one of them,” he replied.
The kitchen was silent for a few minutes before I said, “I used to hate how much you loved mom more than you loved us.”
Still facing forward, he asked, “Used to?”
“Let’s just say I have a new appreciation for the dynamics of serious relationships,” I replied dryly.
“Well, to be clear, I don’t love your mother more than I love you guys-”
I turned to face him. “Bullshit,” I shot back.
He turned to look at me. “Samson, you and Duke are my sons,” he replied calmly, not reprimanding me for my word choice. “Everything I have and everything I’ve worked for, and continue to work for, will be yours one day. Even if you make it into the NFL and Duke makes it into the MLB, and everything is sold off at my death, every dime would be divided among you and your brother. You boys are my legacy. I love you every bit as much as I love your mother. I just love your mother differently.”
I cocked my head. “Oh, do tell.”
He smirked, not bothering to pretend he couldn’t hear the sarcasm. “I don’t know how to put this in words without sounding cold and callous.”
“Just say it.”
He let out a deep sigh. “Your mother could have given me a million Samson Jr.’s and Dukes if we had been so inclined. But those millions of Samsons and Dukes could never give me another one of your mother, son. There is only one Clara Maddox in this world. Only one, Samson. That…that fact never leaves the back of my mind. I love you boys like I’m supposed to. I love you guys like you will grow up one day, leave this house, and start your own lives with your own families someday. I love you like I know you won’t always be here. I love you with all my heart, but with the respect and independence you’re supposed to give your children, so they don’t end up crushed under the realities of life.”
“Dad, you guys practically neglect us,” I pointed out. “That’s taking the independence thing a bit far, don’t you think?”
He gave me a tight nod. “I can own that mistake,” he said. “And, yeah, I could have done better. But, Samson, I won’t ever apologize for the way I love your mother. I can live without you and Duke in my life, because, one day, I’m going to have to. I’m going to have to make do with random phone calls and video chatting with my grandchildren. But I cannot live without your mother.” He shook his head. “I can’t. And if I have to drag her all over the country with me to keep me from losing my fucking mind because I can’t spend one night without her, then that’s what I’ll do. That’s what I’ve been doing.” His voice was getting darker and stronger with each word. “If I have to keep my hand on her ass every time that we’re in public, so no other motherfuckers get any ideas, then that’s what I’ll do. And if I have to make a fool out of myself by scheduling every move that I make around my wife to prove to her how much I love her and that nothing or no one will ever come before her, then that’s what I’ll fucking do, son.” He leaned in and the hazel eyes that matched mine and Duke’s were alive with fire. “And if you don’t feel the same way about that sweet girl upstairs, asleep in your bed, then cut her loose and let someone else who can love her like that take care of her.”
I stood up with enough force to send the barstool flying backwards. “Mackenzie is mine,” I seethed into my father’s face. “She’s mine, Dad.”
He stood up and he were practically the same height. “Criticize me for being a shitty father, because I mostly deserve it, but don’t criticize me for something you should be doing, too,” he remarked. “If that girl is yours…if you are truly claiming her as yours, understand what that really means, Samson. Understand the responsibility that entails. If that girl has given herself to you, then you better be man enough and mature enough to guard her like the entire world is working around the clock to take her from you. Because it is.” He clapped me on the shoulder before heading back to bed. I didn’t want to think it or acknowledge it, but I knew he was going to wake my mother up when he got to their bedroom.
My head dropped back, and I closed my eyes, letting out a deep breath. After a few seconds, I reached down and righted the barstool. I sat down and drank my water, letting my father’s words bounce around in my head.
I tried to think of what I’d do if Mackenzie ever left me, and I could barely breathe with the thought. I tried to imagine what it’d be like if we carved out a life together, and she gave me children and a home, only to have her taken away from me, and the pain in my chest was real. I let out a harsh laugh and shook my head at how I felt when I thought her mom might not let her spend the night with me tonight, and Dad’s words were bouncing around in my head with more clarity now.
Did I think it was healthy to be so wrapped up in another human being? No. It was dangerous and could be self-destructing. Could I stop it from happening with Mackenzie? That’d be another no. Not if I was already feeling like I was drowning whenever she wasn’t around. Could there be a happy medium? I sure as hell hoped so, or else I was going to owe my father the biggest apology when I had children of my own one day.
Children with dark purple eyes.
I finished off my water and emptied Dad’s before throwing them in the recycling bin under the sink. I made my way back upstairs, and Mackenzie was in the same position I had left her. She appeared to be in a deep sleep, and I supposed that was expected, considering everything she went through today.
My mind wandered to Charlie and how she was holding up. It probably made me a bastard that I kept Mackenzie here with me instead of letting her go home, so she and her cousin could comfort each other, but I couldn’t bring myself to feel too badly over it. I knew Charlie probably needed her, but I needed her more.
Then I started feeling for Raiden. I knew he wasn’t in love with Charlie the way I was in love with Mackenzie, but the guy cared for her, and that was big. Raiden, Ford, and Duke have always been laxed with their bodies, but not their emotions. For Raiden to care about Charlie, however that came about, I knew he was climbing the walls being away from her tonight.
I undressed until I was completely naked and climbed into bed with Mackenzie. She moaned and shifted, and I slid in to get comfortable behind her. My arm wrapped around her waist and she moved closer until we were spooning.
I pushed my thigh against hers until her knee was closer to her chest, creating an opening for my cock. I reached down and my release was leaking from her body, and that’s all I needed.
Chapter 25
Mackenzie~
Was I dreaming?
It felt like I was dreaming. Heat enveloped my back and comfort existed everywhere.
But then I felt that delicious ache I was beginning to get used to. My back arched as sleep left me and I felt Samson’s fingers filling me. It stung, but desire blocked out the pain. I was pretty certain desire for him will always block out the pain.
His breath was hot on my neck when he asked, “Why were you crying earlier, baby?”
I knew the answer, but it would sound so stupid saying it out loud. I just found Samson; I didn’t want him thinking he was in love with a nutcase. So, instead, I pushed my ass back and pressed it up against his groin. I could feel his dick, hot and hard against my ass.
He knew what I was doing because he chuckled in my ear. “Nu uh, baby,” he cooed. “That’s not going to work.” All the while, his fingers were easing in and out of my sore channel.
“Samson…” I moaned. He stuck another finger inside me, and the stretch made me wince, but my breaths were also coming out in short, excited pants.
“Why were you crying earlier, Mackenzie?” He softened his command with a kiss on my neck.
“I was feeling too much,” I finally admitted. “You were making me feel too much and it just all came pouring out.”
His voice took on a gravelly quality and his fingers sped up in tempo. “Tell me,” he demanded. “Tell me what I was making you feel.”
I could barely think with him playing with my body the way he was. I was so sensitive that he was quickly bringing me to the cusp of heated pleasure. But I answered him through my moans and harsh breaths. “Like there was only you and me,” I rasped out. “Like…like the only thing I need to feel for the rest of my life is you buried deep inside me, Samson. Like I would die without you.”
“Fuck,” he groaned, and his fingers came out only to quickly be replaced with his hard heat. One hand slipped underneath my neck and latched around the column, and the other slid upward until it was cradling my breast. He held me close as he began slamming his length into my body. It felt…weirdly more possessive than the other times. It was like was shielding me from anything that might sneak up behind me, while claiming me with his entire body. 
My hands twisted in the sheets as Samson worked to take me to the edge. I pushed back, encouraging him, and wondering how my life led to this…yearning, all in a matter of a few days. I’ve only known this boy for days, and now it felt like a future wasn’t possible without him.
Soon, the angle wasn’t enough. His thrusts weren’t hard enough, deep enough. Soon, I was flipped over, opened for him on my hands and knees. His hands were like steel on my thick hips and Samson was ramming himself in hard and deep. My body was protesting, because no matter how wet I was, Samson’s size was significant, and my body was sore. But this time, I kept my mouth shut. I let him use me to satisfaction, and I used him to make the reality of my situation fade away, if only for a night.
“Harder,” I begged. “Please…”
I felt his hands slide back to my ass, and he grabbed each globe and pulled me open. He slammed every inch inside me, and he held still. The torment was brutal. “Like that? You want me to fuck every inch into your wet, tight pussy?”
“Yes,” I mewled, not caring how it made me sound. Not caring how much it might hurt, or how sore I was going to be in the morning.
And then Samson did something I wasn’t expecting. I felt a cool drop of wetness fall in between my ass and his thumb started rubbing the wetness across that other hole. He must have felt me tense because he said, “Not tonight, not next week, and maybe not until next year, but I’m going to get inside here one day, baby.” My entire body relaxed, but my moan could be heard throughout the room. “You may hate it, or you may love it, but I’m getting in there, Mackenzie. There’s no part of you that I’m going to leave untouched.”
“I’m…God, I’m going to cum, Samson…”
He pulled back and slammed forward again. He heeded my pleas and was working to bring me to that pleasurable pain that would block out everything else around me. I felt the pressure building and I knew it wouldn’t be long until my body exploded.
“Cum for me, baby,” he growled.
“Samson…”
“Harder?”. His thumb left my ass and gripped my hip. Samson was railing into my body with enough force to shake the heavy bed.
My body began that ascent to Heaven and I wondered how it could do that when each thrust brough pain with it, also. I trusted Samson, though. I trusted him to see me through it all. I trusted him with my body, my mind, and my heart.
“I’m cumming,” I panted. “I’m…oh, God.” Every part of me tingled with a starburst of explosion, coating every nerve ending I had.
Samson was losing control behind me. “Fuck, Mackenzie,” he grunted. “My cock is covered in your cream.”
A part of me thought I should be embarrassed, but I wasn’t. I wanted Samson to know what he did to me. I wanted him to know how he made me feel, and the amount of pleasure he brought me. I wanted him to know it was all for him. I wanted him to see that what we had was real. That my desire for him wasn’t fake. That my feelings for him weren’t fake.
“Goddamn it, baby,” he hissed right before he slammed into me one final time, holding himself still as he fed every drop he had into my body. We stayed attached until Samson began to soften, and when I finally collapsed on the bed, he came with me.
We were both sweaty and sticky, but I didn’t mind. Nothing could ruin this moment. Maybe I was still in the honeymoon phase of our relationship, and still dazzled by my introductory to sex, but nothing felt dirty or gross. I wasn’t uncomfortable that Samson had his arm around my sweaty body or that he was leaking from my legs.
“Is it always going to be like this?”
I felt him stiffen behind me. “Is what always going to be like what?”
“The sex,” I clarified. “Is it always like this? Consuming? Absolute?”
He was so quiet that I wasn’t sure he was going to answer me. But then he did. “It’s not the sex that feels like that. It’s us who feels like that,” he said. “And since I can’t imagine not ever loving you the way I do, then, yeah, it’s always going to be like this.”
“It feels…overwhelming sometimes,” I whispered.
“That’s because it is,” he replied, wrapping his arm tighter around my waist. “I sometimes think I’m going to splinter into a million pieces with what I feel for you, Mackenzie.” The beat of my heart skipped. “I’ve loved you forever,” he hissed in my ear. “I finally have you, and there’s nothing I won’t do to keep you.”
“This is the real thing, then?”
Samson rolled us over until his body covered mine. His hazel eyes were on fire with all the emotions that were swirling in there. His brows were drawn low, and he looked like he was deciding the rest of his life in this moment.
His eyes flickered towards my lips, and then back up again. “Mackenzie, this was the real thing the night I stood in the center of the football field and was ready to take on an entire school to get to you. It was real the second you were close enough to flash those purple eyes at me. And it’s been real for me every day since.” He sounded like he was speaking facts not opinions or emotions. “You and me is as real as it gets. I’d marry you tomorrow if I didn’t think our parents would flip out and if we still weren’t in high school.”
I lifted a hand and ran my fingers across his jaw. “Samson…”
“Mackenzie, I love you,” he continued. “I’m in love with you in a way that I finally understand why my father was a shitty parent. I used to think he was ridiculous with the way he never let my mom out of his sight, but I get it now. I get it now, because the idea of you going home tomorrow to sleep in your own bed fucking tears me up inside. And knowing that you’ll be sleeping there Saturday night, and Sunday night, and that I can only see you sporadically throughout the school day because I won’t be able to convince the school to mirror your schedule to mine is driving up the fucking wall.”
That drew a laugh. “Samson, seriously.”
The gorgeous boy above me smiled. “Seriously.”
We stared into each other’s eyes for what felt like forever. This was our moment. This was our commitment. This was our solemn vow to each other.
“I love you, Samson Maddox,” I whispered.
“Thank fuck,” he replied. “Because there was no way I’m ever going to let you go.”
What more could a girl ask for?
Epilogue
Ford~
It’s been a little over a month since all that shit went down with Brayden Mahoney and those Ridgeview fucks, but life was still far from normal. Very few people knew that Charlie had been actually kidnapped, but practically everyone had seen the video of the fight. A lot has changed since that day, and that included the rivalry between Ridgeview and Eastwood.
The rivalry no longer felt like good, old-fashion, teenage angst filled with testosterone.
No.
Now it felt like a fight to the death.
Brayden Mahoney’s dad hadn’t been able to buy him out of serving time for assault and kidnapping, but he had been able to buy him a great fucking attorney who had gotten his sentenced reduced to a joke. There had been one very important thing that had slipped our minds in the midst of everything that had happened, and that had been that some of us had been only seventeen-years-old at the time of the fight, putting Samson, Raiden, and Ridgeview’s Bryant Mitchell and Trent Mercer in the hot seat. Samson’s parents and Raiden’s parents had to swallow that bitter pill when Mackenzie and Charlie had begged them to work out a deal.
So, in exchange for Brayden only serving a year in juvenile hall for aggravated stalking, no charges were pressed against any of the eighteen-year-olds who had participated in the fight. And since he hadn’t participated in Alistair’s beating, he was only charged as a non-participating accomplice. We were lucky the cops knew us and hadn’t asked for I.D.s. Samson and Raiden would have been arrested that day had they’d seen they were both eighteen.
Mackenzie had also been issued a restraining order that expired after five years. Charlie had been granted one that would go into effect the day Mahoney was released from juvie.
And while Samson and Mackenzie were good, Raiden and Charlie weren’t. Raiden avoided her when he could, and she pretended she didn’t care. I didn’t press Raiden, because the boy wouldn’t talk unless he ready to, but the entire thing was awkward as fuck.
Tonight was the game against Ridgeview and the atmosphere at school had been positively medieval all day long. Even Eastwood students who didn’t follow football had been calling for their heads. The stadium was going to be packed and I wouldn’t be surprised if the place were crawling with police.
I had my bag hauled over my shoulder as I made my way to the locker room. Duke had dropped me off because Raiden had been running late, and when I turned the corner, I saw the only girl I hated running into.
Amelia Prescott.
However, being Steele Prescott’s twin sister, I saw her around a lot. Plus, having always been friends with Charlie, Amelia was now good friends with Mackenzie. You could often see them all together with Alistair, of course. He had fared well from his ordeal, and except for a scar that split his left eyebrow in half, you’d never know he’d been jump by all those assholes.
They really were going to get a beating tonight.
“Prescott,” I called out as we closed the distance between us.
“Abrams,” she replied with a smirk.
“Come to cheer me on?” I knew she was here for her brother and no one else, though.
“I’m here to see you guys murder Ridgeview.” She leaned in like a conspirator. “Figuratively speaking, of course.” She winked, and my thoughts shot back to the day Raiden had been talking about how sometimes a girl just needs to be chased, and it was up to us to do the chasing.
I stepped closer. “I have an extra jersey you can wear,” I remarked, sending her a wink of my own.
She arched a brow. “My brother’s jersey fits just fine, Abrams,” she replied, a touch of haughtiness in her tone.
“I think mine would fit you better,” I tossed back.
Amelia smiled, and her voice was playful even if her words were harsh, “I’m not interested in a jersey that fits everyone, Abrams.”
Game fucking on.

The End.
Acknowledgments
The first acknowledgment will always be my husband. There aren’t enough words to express my gratitude for having this man in my life. There is a little bit of him in every hero I dream up, and I can’t thank God enough for bringing him into my life. Thirty years, and still going strong!

Second, there’s my family; my daughter, my son, my grandchildren, my sister, and my mother. Family is everything, and I have one of the best. They are truly the best cheerleaders I could ever ask for, and I never forget just how truly blessed I am to have them in my life.

And, of course, there’s Kamala. This woman is not only my beta and idea guinea pig, but she’s also one of my closest friends. She’s been with me from the beginning of this journey, and we’re going to ride this thing to the end. Kam’s the encouragement that sparked it all, folks.

And, finally, I’d like to thank everyone who’s purchased, read, reviewed, shared, and supported me and my writing. Thank you so much for helping make this dream a reality and a happy, fun one at that! I cannot say thank you enough.
About the Author
M.E. Clayton works full-time and writes as a hobby. She is an avid reader and, with much self-doubt, but more positive feedback and encouragement from her friends and family, she took a chance at writing, and the Seven Deadly Sins Series was born. Writing is a hobby she is now very passionate about. When she’s not working, writing, or reading, she is spending time with her family or friends. If you care to learn more, you can read about her by visiting the following:


Smashwords Interview 


Bookbub Author Page 


Goodreads Author Page 
Other Books

The Seven Deadly Sins Series (In Order)
Catching Avery (Avery & Nicholas)
Chasing Quinn (Quinn & Chase)
Claiming Isabella (Isabella & Julian)
Conquering Kam (Kamala & Kane)
Capturing Happiness

The Enemy Duet (In Order)
In Enemy Territory (Fiona & Damien)
On Enemy Ground (Victoria & William)

The Enemy Series (In Order)
Facing the Enemy (Ramsey & Emerson)
Engaging the Enemy (Roselyn & Liam)
Battling the Enemy (Deke & Delaney)
Provoking the Enemy (Ava & Ace)
Loving the Enemy
Resurrecting the Enemy (Ramsey Jr. & Lake)

The Buchanan Brothers Series (In Order)
If You Could Only See (Mason & Shane)
If You Could Only Imagine (Aiden & Denise)
If You Could Only Feel (Gabriel & Justice)
If You Could Only Believe (Michael & Sophia)
If You Could Only Dream

The How To: Modern-Day Woman’s Guide Series (In Order)
How to Stay Out of Prison (Lyrical & Nixon)
How to Keep Your Job (Alice & Lincoln)
How to Maintain Your Sanity (Rena & Jackson)

The Holy Trinity Series (In Order)
The Holy Ghost (Phoenix & Francesca)
The Son (Ciro & Roberta)
The Father (Luca & Remy)
The Redemption (Nico & Mia)
The Vatican (Francisco Phoenix Benetti & Luca Saveria Fiore)

The Blackstone Prep Academy Duet (In Order)
Reflections (Grace & Styx)
Mirrors (London & Sterling)

The Eastwood Series (In Order)
Samson (Samson & Mackenzie)
Ford (Ford & Amelia)
Raiden (Raiden & Charlie)
Duke (Duke & Willow)
Alistair (Alistair & Rory)

The Problem Series (In Order)
The Problem with Fire (Sayer & Monroe)
The Problem with Sports (Nathan & Andrea)
The Problem with Dating (Gideon & Echo)

The Pieces Series (In Order)
Our Broken Pieces (Mystic & Gage)
Our Cracked Pieces (Rowan & Lorcan)
Our Shattered Pieces (Molly & Grayson)

The Holy Trinity Duet (In Order)
The Bishop (Leonardo & Sienna)
The Cardinal (Salvatore & Blake)



The Holy Trinity Next Generation Series (In Order)
Vincent & Cira (Vincent Fiore & Cira Benetti)
Salvatore Jr. & Camilla (Salvatore Benetti Jr. & Camilla Mancini)
Emilio & Bianca (Emilio Benetti & Bianca Mancini)
Angelo & Georgia (Angelo Benetti & Georgia Mancini)
Dante & Malia (Dante Fiore & Malia Benetti)
Mattia & Remo (Mattia Mancini & Remo Vitale)

The Rýkr Duet (In Order)
Avalon (Avalon & Griffin)
Neve (Neve & Easton)

Standalone
Unintentional
Purgatory, Inc.
My Big, Huge Mistake
An Unexpected Life
The Heavier the Chains…
Real Shadows
You Again
Merry Christmas To Me
Dealing with the Devil
